


1

Black Hole Drive

Written by W. Strawn Douglas

Edited by Sheryl M. Snitkin









Book One:  Thor 47


Section One:  Thor 47

Angela lived in a tower apartment, on Thor 47, in a backwater sun just past Medina Prime, near the Yormagunder nebula.  She was 16 years old, just about 17.  
Thor 47 was smaller than Earth.  Gravity was a bit lighter, a bit less demanding of the people of the world.  Oh, for sure, one could grow to young adulthood, as Angela had, with no real problems.  One had enough gravity that the muscular development of a human body would grow in an Earthlike fashion, but that was not a problem.  On Thor, one got down to the ground; but it was a softer landing than it was on old Earth.
Angela’s father was a tool pusher for the mining labor pool on Thor.  He was not at the top of the food chain, but he was high enough in it that Angela felt the sting of importance.  Here, 50,000 light years away from Earth, Angela had to live in the shadow of a great man in her community.  She completed her calculus and her chemistry, just so her father would look good and have a daughter that he could be proud of.  It all seemed a bit predictable.  Dad was this big great man and she was his perfect kid.  She liked that.
For her, it was an honor to have a father she could be proud of.  So many of her schoolmates just shuffled from one family crisis to another; parents employed for a while and in on-again off-again jobs.  Angela’s father readied loads of refined precious metals for shipment from heavy space-time dilation ships and demilitarized black hole drive merchant stellar ships.
Angela laughed for a moment on her way out of school.  The space-time dilation ships were called “the sexless wonders.”  As their initials of their drives were “STD”, it was like saying the whole colony had a sexually transmitted disease.
Having an STD spaceship orbiting at an altitude of 800 miles meant that gravity towers and chemical launches were the only way to get people, equipment, and tons of refined metal to the ship.
She walked out of the illuminated cave carved out of rock and into the corridor to the pressurized rapid transit train.  From there, she walked to the cave near her family’s apartment in the tower called “Morton.”  The Floating Point Mining Company dug a mass of gold out of rock of a thousand tons per year.
She went home to the 13th floor of the Morton tower.  She wore her father’s “Lord Drilling” jacket left over from his days as a petroleum driller.  He still drilled holes into rock, but the process was more like the old black powder rock-drilling done on Earth before the invention of dynamite.  Chinese workers had bored holes in rock using chisels and hammers, and then put black powder into those holes and exploded the black powder into the rock.  This created holes to drill steam engine railway locomotives through mountains of stone.
Things were a lot better now.  They used anti-matter and precision-guided computers for detonating strata with precious metals and gems in them.  Nonetheless, they still needed a driller and a drill rig.  Somebody who would not cowboy the brake and get the drill bit stuck.  Tripping pipe, though, was another matter entirely.
Angela was proud enough of her father that she wore his jacket with its company logo on it.  Being a Christian, she also was amused by the Lord Drilling logo on the coat she wore.  For her, the double meaning made sense.
It was a simple life but a good one.  

*   *   *
Earth Corporate desired the anti-matter that Floating Point received from the “ghosts.”  In this instance, the corporate front was from Gallium Corporation.  They saw the other races using anti-matter as engine fuel or a power plant heat source.  They wanted in on the game.  The ghosts, though, saw them as soulless fiends, and never let such people into their temples.
On Medina Prime, one could find the ghost’s temple.  There, the trans-dimensional life form called the Unionist Collective was in residence.  They granted wishes to people and healed or inspired.  They also gave away tools.  They gave anti-matter to Floating Point mining.  

*   *   *
There were Tories and Whigs.  There were Winschells and Lippmans.  There were Conservatives and Liberals, Republicans and Democrats.
Over the span of time there were many labels.  Here in space there were three options; Earth Corporate, Freelancer, and the Fleet.  Fleet included the shipyards in space over Earth’s skies and all of known space from Tanith Field to Tanhauser Gate, and all of the space around Earth for 50,000 light years in all directions.  Even when measured in thousands of light years, the span of space was one that had been barely explored.  Only the skin of the apple had been investigated; there was more to the fruit than just the skin.
Out here, 50,000 light years from Earth, the Spacer Freelancers were without tether or leash.  Here there was freedom and danger; opportunity for great wealth or calamity.
Earth Corporate wanted the ghostly anti-matter.  Floating Point Mining had the most powerful explosive known to the human race.  One magnetic bottle full of that odd compound could destroy a planet.  Earth Corporate was a big machine that couldn’t maneuver easily.  They were great at buying a whole planet, but unskilled at creating peace between two fighting tribes.  Gallium Corp wanted to profit greatly by creating new spaceships powered by anti-matter.  Floating Point was not cooperating.  

*   *   *

Fleet was often the mediator between Earth Corporate and the Freebooters.  Going with the “Free”, one had a plethora of gray market goods:  fire gems, vegan tobacco, and Furian furs from Veldbeasts by the thousands.
Fleet needed trade from the Free and also was addicted to Earth’s shipyards where new ships were created.  Both Earth Corporate and the Free had claim to the left and right of a Fleet trying to serve two masters.
Earth Corporate exploited the xenophobic and released the leash on business.  Trillions of solar credits moved into Earth Corporate’s bank accounts.  The Free felt that this profit was coming from their expansion into the depths of space.  In part they were right, but even the most libertine and permissive freedoms came with prices.
One could always find extremes of philosophy in both the Earth Corporate and the Freelancers.  Always there were executives looking to shred value for being paid obscenely.  And as well, there was freedom at the fringe.  Was this the best ambassador to greet new races with?  The quick cash attracted both extremes.  Neither was immune.
As far as Angela was concerned, it was better for women in the bigger city (of which Thor 47 was not).  The rural areas and Earth itself held all sorts of exploitive qualities.  During this time of social upheaval in space, our heroine Angela Pignatti Santori was one girl against all of the potential pitfalls of a brave new world.
In this world she was not Angela.  To her friends, she was something completely different.  She was “Piggie.”  That was short for “Piglet.”  The pig names were abstractions of the name “Pignatti.”  Piglet was the name of the adventurer and the quest that was soon to find her.
Section Two:  Piglet’s Pride

This story was never run up the flagpoles of society.  Nobody gave addresses or plaques or medals.  Nobody won a cash prize or built a temple or memorial.
There was a small cadre of citizens, in a small community in space that knew most of the secrets and could piece together what happened.  One person knew it all.  Her name was Piglet.
Piglet stood about 5’ 2” tall.  She was slender and had that willowy quality of youth.  Her hair was jet black in a waist-length braided ponytail and her eyes were as dark as coal.
This year in school she was doing vectors in math and theoretical physics for space time dilation space travel.  She had no idea how to create an STD projector, but she had the bare essentials of how to pilot a ship with such a device.
Sergei Pyoter Kuznetsov was her best boyfriend.  She called him “Spike.”  Both teens worked for the mining company.  She clocked in hours with the local clinic, transporting aged and frail wheelchair-bound patients.  One could give them powered chairs, but that meant if they had a medical emergency, one could only be there after the fact.  The real value in having Piglet there was to have a live body in charge of the disabled body.
Piglet was waiting for her mother to arrive at home.  Mother had an assistant and a job title - Junior Human Resources Manager.  She only had to answer to the senior manager and to the management team.  Having a husband that was a tool pusher made for a dynamic married couple on Thor’s base.  Piglet enjoyed the prestige of having a double shot of success in her family.
As her mother was not home yet, she called Spike on the videophone in her hand.
“Yeah, Piggie, what’s up?” said the young man’s face on the phone’s video screen.
“Mom’s not here yet, so I thought we could get together and plot overthrow.  What’s up with you?” she queried.
He replied with a scrunch of wrinkles on his face.  “Nothing much going on.  It’s been a whole hour since Beastie’s class on physics,” he said while referring to the class both he and Piglet both shared.  (The teacher was named ‘Beasly.’)  They agreed to meet in the commerce center in an hour.
Spike was Piglet’s age; 17 years on a calendar, but they were in the same school grade.  Both were eligible for higher education next year.  Piglet was a month younger than Spike.  In a year and a month she would be 18 and legal to ship out on a space vessel to colonial worlds and even Earth itself.
She had been born on Earth, so she had her citizenship intact.  She could vote in Earth elections two birthdays from now, but she had no faith in Earth Corporate to get a real political representative of the people.  Earth people were so poorly educated.  They had no clue as to how Corporate behaved out here in the nether reaches of deep space.  Earth Corporate was there to pillage and reward its executives with huge bonuses for every corporate theft that came down the road of time.
Piglet and Spike knew this all to be true.  Piggy’s father was all about optimization of profit rather than Earth Corporate’s quest to maximize profit.  Both approached the same collection of assets and Corporate would, without doubt, try to bite off the biggest portion possible, while Floating Point would take only what they really needed.  That left Floating Point with a more maneuverable, nimble, business profile.  This was all to be very telling in terms easily understood by nearly all of Thor’s people.  It was so when they found the artifact.  

*   *   *
Piglet was startled by the Klaxon siren sounding off.  That dreaded sound came with only a small collection of possible outcomes.  Most were bad; cave-in at the mine, explosion, or pressurization breach.
The house phone’s video screen’s strobe light flashed.  She immediately went to it and hit the receive button on the console.
“Angela,” said the bearded white-haired miner named ‘Digger John.’  “Where is your dad?  We have a problem here at the mine.”
“I don’t know.  He was working at the refinery.  His suit has a homing crystal.  I can get you his number.  Hold on.”
She darted into her parent’s bedroom and found her father’s “A1” sheet and went to the video console next to her parents’ bed.  She hit the button and Digger John was looking at Piglet, holding out an A1 sheet from her father’s pressure suit.  She said to Digger John, “Here’s the number, 12057996.  That should do it for you, John.  Good luck on finding him.  What’s going on?  Why the sirens?”
“I can’t talk about it now, but maybe your father can fill you in, when it’s not an emergency.  Something has truly ‘emerged.’  I’ll talk to you later.”  The phone’s video screen went blank, leaving Piglet to wonder about Spike and her job at the clinic.
She picked up her phone and called Spike’s number.  She looked into Spike’s amazed facial expression.
“Piggie!  What’s going on?  Everyone working gold-pit four is on quarantine.  The whole section is off limits,” said an astonished Spike.
“I can call the clinic,” said Piglet.  “I’ll have more clues soon.  With the whole base on ‘Orange Scale’ we won’t be able to meet until this is all settled down.  I’ll call the clinic, and then I’ll call you.”
Piglet looked out from the tower’s bubble window and spied a plume of dust and smoke rising from gold-pit number four.  It was about 20 miles away, but from the 13th floor of the tower there was a clear view.
She frantically dialed the number for the clinic receptionist.  The woman on the other end of the phone’s video screen answered and said, “Angela, I can’t talk now, but I suspect we will have a lot of hours for you soon.  School will be cancelled tomorrow, so if you can round up some of your friends I can guarantee them a good wage.  We’ll need all the help we can get.”
“What’s going on, Maureen?  Has there been a cave-in or an explosion?” asked Piglet.
“Worse.  We found an alien artifact and it had an STD drive on it that activated as soon as it was discovered.  The team that opened up the cave were all sucked into the dilated space in front of it.  It’s a ship, Angela!  It’s a ship from millions of years ago.  It just cost us an exploratory crew of 10 miners.”
“How could that happen?  We doodlebug all our mining blasts,” said Piglet.
“This one was cloaked,” said Maureen, the receptionist.  “And it’s been cloaked for millions of years.  We don’t know if it is a disease capsule, or a bomb, or something equally nasty.  It already cost us the exploratory team of 10 men.  Call me tomorrow, Angela.  I have to run.”
Piglet looked out the window to the northwest and sighed.  

*   *   *

Floating Points’ Aaron Santori stroked his gray moustache and pointed to several workers to show them how to move the STD drive on a lifeboat.  The whole lifeboat floated in space in front of the new hole made by the artifact in gold-pit four.  The lifeboat was 20 feet long and had an STD drive on its back.  They pulled and pushed the lifeboat into the hole in space-time opened by the artifact.
Aaron ordered his crew to turn on the drive from the lifeboat.  The boat gave a shiver and a glistening sparkle as the drive began to close the hole in space-time that the artifact had opened.
It worked.  The hole began to constrict and get smaller, minute by minute, as the digital readouts indicated that the bomb, or ship, or whatever it was, had truly begun to deactivate.  The lifeboat absorbed all of the STD drive’s energy and the hole in space-time closed smaller and smaller until it was just a three foot wide disk of black, and finally even that disappeared, leaving a gray sphere about 50 feet wide.
Cheers erupted around Aaron and the rest of the Floating Point crew.  The crisis was averted and, though they had lost 10 men, they had conquered the artifact.
Don Geoble slapped Aaron on the shoulder and said, “We got it, Aaron.  That thing will serve us and, if I am not mistaken, it can be a trade item with the ghost in Medina Prime.”
Don was taller than Aaron, but it was the smaller man who carried the bigger responsibility.  Gray over the ears and slight of build, he was Piglet’s father and tool pusher for gold-pit four.  Whatever secrets were inside this gray sphere had cost 10 good men their lives.
The sphere was soft, like rubber, and strong.  The entirety of the object was transparent to X-rays and would yield to drills and chisels.  The rubber layer would always grow back to where it was before when the drill or chisel was withdrawn.  Under the rubber-like skin, the sphere was harder than a diamond drill bit.
“Can we load this thing onto a grav-tower pad and get the whole damn thing to Medina?” asked Aaron.
Don replied, “We could try to get it there.  We still have no idea how heavy this thing is.  We could move a grav-tower pad to right here at the bottom of pit four, or we could just load the thing up to orbit and put it into the cargo bay of an ore freighter.  I still think it could go all STD on us and then that freighter would be as problematic as our 10 men were.  We have to stop this thing from creating a space-time dilation.  It’s a ship, or a coffin, or some comm-relay satellite.  One of these things, or even worse, it could be something we have never seen before.”
“Right, Don.  I wish it was more predictable.  We better not dig it out just yet.  We have no idea if this baby dumpling is going to go home to mama or explode on the spot,” said Aaron.  

*   *   *

Piglet looked out of the quartz window and tried to calm herself at the prospect of the 10 men gone.  Any of them could have very easily been her father.  She was taken aback by the finality of that potential.
It would be sunset soon.  The lamps would be on for another night so that mining could go on 28 hours a day (the Thor day was longer by four hours than the Earth day).  Still, the Klaxon had signaled an hour after her final classes.  She finally called Spike and told him what was going on.
The sunset was a dramatic orange fused with turquoise clouds and pink sunbeams.  The rays of sunshine were at their most brilliant just before the dark.
Piglet wanted to see her father.  She worried about him at times like this.  Her braided black hair tumbled out as she removed the elastic hair-tie.
Her mother would be checking in soon.  This would not just be a small problem of Earth Corporate versus gray market business.  This was something serious.
There was another race out there somewhere that had put this thing here.  Perhaps they would come back for it.  Perhaps it was all that remained of them.  Whatever it was, there would be one response from Santori and his men.  They would try to open it up.
Angela Pignatti Santori hoped, against all odds, that her parents would be unaffected by this new twist in their lives.  She worried about them and missed them in times of crisis.
In any case, it was Thor’s first evidence of native life.
Aaron Santori pondered what he had seen today.  The distortion of space had created what looked like a miniature hurricane or whirlpool, bending Thor’s entire feeble atmosphere into that center point over the exposed portion of the unknown sphere.
Then there was that 20 foot long cylinder of aluminum that was the lifeboat.  Its STD drive had calmed the whirlpool and shrunk it down to nothing.  Perhaps it was luck that they had just the cork for just that bottle.  Luck or fate, it was all the same.  Ten men were gone.  

*   *   *
Section Three – Back against the wall

There had been three wars in the near past that occupied Piglet’s mind.  There was the series of mutual terrorism between Earth and the outer colonies.
The Fleet had been an asset of Earth Corporation.  The colonies had built their own shipyards and taken away Earth’s monopoly on new ships.
Today, Fleet was a neutral party and Earth Corporate had its own shipyards.  Both colony and Earth Corporate were inventive and innovative at new styles of ship design.  Miniaturization and improvements in theory and design meant that one could install a complete STD engine in the small confines of a stellar lifeboat.
Where had this sphere come from, millions of years ago?  Who commanded it?  Was it a bomb?  A weapon?  A time capsule perhaps?  All of the above - or nothing?
There was the bombing of Stockhausen Yards by the colonies in 2378.
The first all-out war started in 2420, and after that the fragile peace lasted until 2447, when hostilities again broke out.
The colony ships had been so advanced that Earth’s vast battle Fleet had been outmatched.  Better shield technology and advancements in beam weapons had turned the older “ships of the line” into obsolete hulks.
At about the end of the first war, the Earth Fleet had forged enough of a shallow peace with the colonies that those old, slow-moving weapons platforms had been upgraded to the genuine high performance combat tools employed by the colonial navy.
Fleet was torn between two lovers.  Antarctica Yards was still Earth property.  The battleships and carriers of scores of attack ships all came from Earth.  The colonies armed their freighters with shielding and beam weapons specifically designed to go up against other races that used the same space to grow outwardly.  It was crowded and everyone had an itchy trigger finger.
Earth Corporate had its loyal corporate worlds, and the colonies had theirs.  It was an uneasy peace.  Fleet was ultimately cast in the role of referee between the colonies and Earth Corp.  Fleet relied on trade, and that meant that the colonies and Earth were going to get along - or else!  
The colonies refitted the Fleet’s warships.  Fleet, in turn, escorted both Earth Corporate ships and colony ships.  That had been at the end of the second stellar war, 2458 years on the stellar calendar.
End of war had come, and a time of reconciliation was longed for.  Ambassadors were deployed, trade was opened.  Fleet began to escort colony convoys to trade sites with other worlds and alien life forms.
Some races had a great advantage - they had anti-matter drives on their ships.  They were allied with the ghosts, like the one in Medina.  The Earth ships and colony vessels had black hole drives and STD engines.  An STD drive was like squeezing a watermelon seed between two fingers and watching as it squirted out across a room.
The space-time dilation opened a hole in front of the ship and closed it behind the ship.  Inside of that envelope, the ship was contained and separated from galactic forces like inertia and gravity.  You could put a glass of water on a table and go from zero miles per hour to a 1,000 light years per day without spilling a drop of your precious fluid.
A black hole drive (BHD) used a different principle.  It opened a hole in space-time like a wormhole and stretched space rather than folding it.  The gravity well of a black hole was duplicated, and the partial wormhole was created.  
The STD drive closed behind itself while the BHD burned stellar gasses to create a rocket motor called a fusion torch.  The BHD engine also opened space, but instead of closing the field distortion behind it, its thrust and forward motion would use a fusion torch to rocket it from one dimension of space time to another, unfolding before it as it traveled.  

*   *   *
How this new object fit into those realities was a mystery to Aaron.  Here was an artifact buried in a matrix of one of the world’s electricity-conducting metals, thousands of meters below the rock of Thor 47.
What was it doing there?
He looked at the echoes from the doodlebug explosives that had scanned gold-pit four.  It showed up as a sphere of rich gold ore.  Perhaps that was how it cloaked itself.
He ordered his men to dig around it and to not cut it free just yet.  He had no idea what it would do if it was freed.  Perhaps now it was destined to be used as exchange value to those same ghosts that brought Aaron the colonies’ anti-matter.
What would Tarkus do?  Would he welcome this, or would it be akin to letting a mass murderer free?  Where?  How?  Live or machine?  Native?  Alien?  These were all questions that needed answers.  If it was alive, or a vessel of life, it owed Thor 47 10 live human beings.  Ten men were dead because of this thing’s errant behavior.  Ten families got death benefit checks from the Floating Point mining company, but it went beyond finances.  Ten caskets to bury or transport off-world.
Aaron needed to use the laser wire communication system.  With it, he could talk in real time to Medina.  Perhaps the local authorities could bring charges against whoever left this ball here in gold ore space.  For starters, a charge of manslaughter and criminal negligence might open it up.
Make that 10 manslaughter charges, Aaron thought.  Then his thoughts turned to more practical matters.  He pushed buttons on his phone’s video screen and got his daughter, Angela.
She looked at her phone’s video screen to see who was calling.  As she recognized her father’s number on her screen, she put the call through and spoke.
“Yeah, Dad, what’s up?”
“We lost 10 men today and the whole gold-pit four operation is in jeopardy.  That said, all else is well.  Has your mother come home yet?  I wasn’t able to raise her on her phone.”
Piglet eagerly responded, “That’s because her train is in a tunnel coming back from Floating Point tower, downtown.  I’m sure the whole tower knows what happened.  I heard about it on the wire, at home.  I suppose this would be a bad time for an experiential raise in my hypothetical allowance?”
Aaron smiled, “Thank God someone’s got a sense of humor at a time like this.  I hypothetically double your non-existent allowance.  We can talk about it tonight.  Nightfall is at about 8:00 P.M.  The clock will be 2800 before all the trouble settles.  I’ll be home, but tell your mother to call me as soon as possible.  All the shifts are canceled.  As soon as Mike Daniels gets here, I’ll clock in about four more hours and come home after that.  Babysitting this overgrown rubber ball is going to go on for weeks, if not a year.  I’ve got to go now, Angela.  Have your mother call me.  We’re hemorrhaging money and benefits.  There’s zero profit when the pit is quarantined.  I love you, Angie.  Bye.”  The phone’s video screen went to a blank screen and a static sound.
Piglet push-buttoned her phone’s video screen to Spike’s number.  They greeted and chatted on the emergency for a while.  After a while Spike brought up school.  He brought up the history classes on Marxism and Communism during the Russian Cold War.
“It’s so similar,” he said to Piglet.  “Earth’s population thinks the rich are beneficent dictators in the best interest of the masses.  The command cartel of Earth business elite sells the rights of the masses to the people the way a department store sells a suit to a man - pay as you go.  The man has no clue that these privileges are the sovereign rights of humanity.  Earth business uses the Fleet to bully any deviation from Earth’s interests being business interests.  The only reason Earth business’s elite needs the Fleet is to bully people into paying the extortion run by Earth Corp.  Earth citizens think Corporate is so cool to provide them cheap goods.  Those same people pay the Fleet taxes to pay for their own enslavement.  It’s just absurd.  The Earth people get turned into a customer in a company store trading 16 tons of coal per day for purchase power at an in-house slavery.  Earth people considered themselves to be ‘preferred customers’ when, in reality, they were ignorant slaves.”  Spike ran out of words.
Piglet replied, “Bill Baylor’s class is good.  I’m so glad you’re catching on to it all.  I feel sad for the families of the 10 men we lost, but at least we care for our own.  On Earth you would get a cardboard box and a plastic grave marker.  The physical trappings aren’t the real problem.  It’s that damn ‘preferred customer’ attitude they have of a heifer trotting off happily to the slaughter.  A whole life lived in the mindset of retail sales, while we all deal at wholesale.  Neutronium and Colapseium shielding keeps us healthy, while gold buys us new equipment, and with enough money, we can all retire on our own estates on the best free worlds in this end of the galaxy.”
Spike looked away from the camera of the phone’s video screen and pointed it through the window at the dust plume at gold-pit four.  “They pay 10 times wholesale for the delusion of being ‘preferred customers,’ and we lose 10 men every five years.  There is suffering out there for everyone, even us.”
“Baylor is a good teacher,” said Piglet.  “He knows his practical Marxist-Leninist oratory.  He’s the political equivalent of a butterfly collector.  He has a neat box for each part of his collection to exhibit.  Soviet Rubles and Sputnik were cool tangible realities to hold onto.  The Communists created a world of fat bureaucrats and slavery for the masses.  Even Bill Baylor’s classes reduced it down to a universal greed that all of the world’s elite crafted and created for themselves.  We have located the problem - and it is us.”  Piglet paused.
“Bill makes more cash in one year working here than he could get for five years of work on Earth.  His spacesuit is a very nice model.  He invests in his sensual life experience.  He really lives in a ‘present moment’ kind of reality,” Spike said.
Piglet paused a moment to think about Bill Baylor, her teacher.  “Bill loves the Marxist-Leninist ideal of a middle class exploiting a working class for the benefit of the ruling class.  He loves the Floating Point’s use of payment tiers.  He is a tier six employee.  Nowhere else but in Floating Point would that be possible.”
Spike waited until Piglet was done talking and then said, “Floating Point makes a real effort at investing into the next generation.  Why do you want to leave, Piglet?  You could make a good salary here.” 
“I just want to go to space for a few years.  I want to see the frontier and get some elbow room.  Get out to where it is uncharted.  Get one out in front of the pack.  Tread in fields no human has ever walked,” said Piglet.
“I know you better than that, Piggy.  You want a ship all fast and powerful.  You want the tonnage of a Corporate yacht, or some quick corvette to take you out to that frontier you keep mentioning.  You just like the ships.”
Piglet said, “So I’m a bit space-happy.  I look.  I see.  I like.  Do you remember when Digger John’s cousin showed up in a corvette from the last war?  He was crew, but he had so much autonomy he could buy fire gems from the frontier, and sell them here on a backwater planet like Thor.”  
Piglet had spoken.  Spike knew there was no point to arguing.
“Well, Piglet, we have to write reports for Baylor about the ruling class of Earth Corporate using the middle class as hostage ‘human shields.’  So much for the middle class trying to keep the laborers surviving by acts of charity.”
Piglet said, “We have achieved almost all of the socialist goals but one.  We still harvest the natural wealth of the galaxy and distribute it all to the team that digs it up, refines it, and takes it to market for sale and pays the harvesters enough to repeat the process over and over again all around the galaxy.  The only thing we cannot do is watch government wither away and not visit the workers anymore.  That’s why Stalin killed off all of the original Bolsheviks during his purges.  They were eyewitnesses to the Communist goal of having government disappear.  He went the opposite way and killed off the Bolsheviks to cover his tracks.”
Spike said, “Yeah and our workers make a competitive wage and they all get profit sharing.  A worker’s paradise.”
Piglet said, “So, Spike, what do you think of all this so far?”
Spike responded and said, “What’s going on is not a research paper for Mr. Baylor’s history class.  The flags will be at half mast for a while.  Ten men died and we don’t know the reason why, just yet.” 

*   *   *

Deep within the mind of the alien artifact, the soul inside contemplated surrender.  “Never!  Under no circumstances!  The honor of our people is at stake.”
“Still, I don’t see rescue coming over the ridgeline.  I may be the last of my kind, but I will never desert my broadcast frequency.  A hundred million years have gone by and I will stay on my frequency for another million years to pay the debt to my creator.”
“Temptation strikes, and I narrowly move forward on the tightrope of time to see the shore on the other side.  I will go to the place my ancestors lived in, and I will rest after my rescue.  None shall pass.  I will continue to hang, to exist, to stand as a mute testimony to all that I have seen for 100,000,000 years.  Every time the sun rises, my relays will energize this planet’s conductivity.  I will use this entire planet as one vast antenna for broadcasting to my people.  The message sent is simple.  “I am here.  I am ready.  All is not lost.  We have each other.  There is hope.  Communicate still.  I await your visitation.  I will save you a place at the table of the gathering.  When the great celebration is here, we will rejoice together and the wine will flow and spill.  The food will roast and be eaten.  We will drink deeply of the vintage of victory.”
“For now, though, we will fold our space and duck to avoid these interlopers who are to disturb our sleep.  In only the time of an eyelash’s quick movement, we have sent 10 of their pride to the next reality.  We have all 10 souls here as captive to tell us about the clan of the interloper.  We can study them before they can study us.”
“Love comes to us slowly.  There must be a hope in the end of this reality.  Our forces have not been seen for millions of years but that could just be a form of the great minds meaning to camouflage and feint.  A trick, but yes, so long a trick that it might be without meaning.”
“No!  Never!  Defeatism!  The great acceptance, and the great fidelity.  At odds with each other to the very end.  Victory or surrender.  Acceptance of both.  Never the bitterness of defeat.  Never.  Never again.  The great mind tests my fidelity.  It seeks to see my hope, my loyalty.”
“Assuredly, there is an end to this test of my purity of thought, my loyal obedience.  Still, it costs nothing to exchange ideas with this barely evolved pond scum.  They seek to experience the great mind that I am one cell of.  Yes!  I will talk to these infidels.”  

*   *   *
Aaron Santori called the board meeting to order.  He welcomed everybody and had the explosive surveyors deliver their report.  They said that this device, this object, was using the nearly pure gold reserves as an antenna for broadcasting on a truly galactic level.  It was sending out messages via the same space-time dilation system that had cost the 10 men of the pit’s crew.  When the sphere first appeared on the pit’s observation cameras and the skin of it was exposed, the 10 man crew approached it, slowly.
The response was less than friendly.  Aaron asked himself what kind of creature could greet its liberators with a death sentence 10 times over.  How unkind.  How clearly unkind and unappreciative.  It had to be an automatic, mechanical system.  It can be avoided.  We can dig and harvest around it.  But if it is alive, how can we convince it to not be hostile to us?  Perhaps it is experiencing something that we just don’t see.  
The board meeting covered all these possibilities and voted to attempt communication at a safe distance.  They also recommended communication with the resident ghost “Tarkus” at the Unionist temple.  They chose to have the lawyer for Floating Point make contact with Tarkus.  That meant calling up David Crocker in Medina Prime’s major city, Suleman.  

*   *   *

Crocker was one of only a small number of humans who could boast fluency with the bio-mech contractors that serviced this sector of space.  They sang their contracts, and David Crocker was amused when he was invited to go to “Singing School” on the “Veyurian” world of “Prog.”
From there he negotiated long-term contracts with many Earth enterprises that wanted Western bio-mech living machines.  You had to put up with 800 stanzas of singing poetry, but if you had an ear for their trilling language you could make some veldbeast pelts materialize out of the pow-wow.
Dave even knew how to sing his introduction - a sort of business card that the local bio-mechs could at least respect.
Dave got his message, first on his phone’s video screen and in more depth on his console at home.  Aaron Santori was looking for his help with some new object discovered in a pit of nearly solid gold.  It was using the gold deposit as an antenna to send out messages.
There were two uses of a space-time dilation machine.  One could use it externally to travel from Point A to Point B in an inter-dimensional moment.  One could also signal to someone in exactly the same movement of time.  Using the STD drive internally, one could send a message inside of space.  It made the universe into one great huge drum to be rapped and beaten rhythmically and used as a signal projector.  This was a virtually instantaneous form of communication.  The system was called hyper-wave.
The other communication system was laser-line.  A blue laser could be run from one solar system to another and again, it was an instantaneous form of communication.
The difference was that everyone could hear a hyper-wave, but a laser was private.
Aaron chose the laser-line.  He talked with Crocker and brought him up to speed.  They conferred and shared.  Crocker went immediately downtown to Suleman and the ghost’s temple.  He went to the door and sang its lock open.  He walked inside and waited for the ghost Tarkus to materialize.  When Tarkus was visible as a smoky cloudy version of a man, he asked Crocker what was the reason for the visit.
Crocker told Tarkus about the sphere and the 10 men gone in an inter-dimensional instant.  What was this thing?  Was it a weapon, was it alive?  What could be done to reduce the damage that had already been done?
Tarkus took the form of a well-dressed businessman; the suit, the tie, the shoes.  He walked up to Dave and said, “You have a Ronin, a left-behind warrior from eons ago when this space was the fresh field of battle between two races.  You have a soldier who has outlived his vanquished masters by many millions of years.  This creature must be treated with great care, for it has the ruthless nature of a soldier in battle, in spite of the war being lost many years ago.” 
 Tarkus continued his oration. “This sort of thing I see in your mind is the fate of the Japanese soldiers who fled into the hills and jungles and did not surrender for decades after their war was lost.  They would appear as elderly men with their ancient rifles stamped with the flower glyph indicating that their guns were owned by the emperor.”
“A Ronin was a soldier that had outlived his master and in doing so, had outlived his own sense of honor.  Only an act of revenge could save such honor.  That is why this soldier is dangerous.  I can provide you with a key.  That key can unlock this soldier’s misplaced honor and its self-imposed martyrdom.”
Tarkus melted away to a swirling cloud in the dark room of stone walls and cool air.  This swirl of ghostly mist covered Crocker and invaded his mind.  If there was one thing that Crocker could do, it was type.  Tarkus left a memory file in the brain of Crocker like it was software for a human computer.  Crocker typed the message for the crew of Thor 47 to look at.
When Crocker’s soul read the message his heart was lifted and all burden left him.  That was usually the feeling one got from Tarkus.  

*   *   *

“So, Aaron, do you know what to do about this?” said Crocker.
 Aaron replied, “I know, but I wish I didn’t.  It is a sad end for such a brilliant career.  Retirement comes to us all, and to see something like this go off to Valhalla or a happy hunting ground makes anybody weep a bit.”
Aaron said, “I love your report here and I will have the right bio-mech make contact as soon as possible.  They don’t need oxygen or a pressure suit.  They can make direct contact in a skin to skin format.  If they can sing 800 stanzas, then I expect they can come up with something to say to this rubber ball that eats men by the dozen.”
Crocker said, “Still, it is rather sad.  I was hoping it could reconcile all that power and knowledge going out like a candle in the rain.  We still have Tarkus, but it would have been great to meet this new old weird soul.  Ageless, but new to us here.”  

*   *   *

A crowd of people in spacesuits had come to see the end of the beast in the sphere.  About 50 people clad in silvery shades of green, red, purple, and gold.  They were all on the balcony of gold deposit in white quartz, immediately above the bare path of the sphere’s gray skin.  
One deep purple bio-mech approached it like a caterpillar on 10 legs with its abdomen and its thorax of bright apple red.  The mech reached out its long 60-inch forearms to the skin of the sphere, and began to vibrate directly into the sphere.  Slowly the mech began to sing and meet minds.  It listened to war stories and tales of abandonment and dormant states of being.  Of living on stores of zero-point energy from the gold deposit reacting to the means of the sphere.
The mech slowed to nothing and stood back.  Something was happening and Aaron, Spike, and Piglet all stood in the crowd of the 50 space-suited folks.
The mech hopped back and the gold deposit around the sphere began to crack and bend.  It buckled under the force of a high performance STD drive just getting warmed up.  The gold began to fall off the sides of the sphere, all except for a plate on the very top.  The sphere shuddered and shook, like a dog shaking off a water bath.  The top deposit of gold fell away and the sphere began to move.  The whirlpool of space and gas began to appear in front of the sphere.  Its STD drive was clearly being started up after eons of dormancy.
In another moment, it popped out of view as it moved at hyper light-speed.  
The mech walked, crawled, to where the spacesuits had gathered and said, “It has left us in great dishonor.  It said it may have to accept defeat, but it does not have to like that defeat.”
The biomech continued, “It extended us thanks for its revival and an apology for the damage it created.  It is gone, and is very bitter at its race losing the war.  It may take a million years to get past that defeat, but it apologizes for the loss of the 10 men.  In gratitude, it has given us a list of all the precious metal deposits in the thousand light-years area around Thor.  We are rich.”
Piglet said, “It seems it fought a war for several decades and it spent 100,000,000 years avoiding the truth of its defeat.”
Aaron said, “I hope we don’t follow its example.  I want to meet my grandkids.  I don’t want to outlive them for millions of years only to realize that my whole effort was based on a delusion of victory.”
Piglet’s teacher, Mr. Baylor, put a silvery purple hand on the shoulder of her red spacesuit.  His reddish beard was visible inside the plex of his suits helmet.  
“Our proud warrior of the Octoberist revolution has left us and gone ahead to organize the angels in heaven to create a worker’s paradise.  The martyr has left us and given us the benefit of his unique experience to guide our revolution for all the working class and middle class to rejoice in.”
“Bill, your sense of humor is bizarre.  I’m just glad we get your jokes,” said Piglet.
“In all reality, I can say that the colony found something very special in the form of that alien.  It’s sad that it could not live a peaceful life here with us.  The bitterness of war can do that to any soul,” said Bill.  “The 10 men we lost matter greatly.  I guess the alien had an itchy trigger finger.”
Piglet looked at the cavity left in the gold deposit and said “Its first act in 100,000,000 years was to kill 10 men without any knowledge or understanding of what it had just done.  I think it was just embarrassed at making an error like that.”
Mr. Baylor said, “I think you’re right, Piglet.  Once again, it could not bear to lose face and deal with embarrassment.  In any case, it’s gone now.  Perhaps it will find the last remains of its race.  Maybe it might even find something it can relate to.”
“That would be nice,” said Piglet.  “I do hope it finds meaning to its lengthy stay here on Thor.”  
“In time it will, Piglet.  It will find all the things it needs.  We have finished all that we could do to help it,” said Mr. Baylor.  “It belongs to the ages now.”

Piglet would be witness to great changes for the human race. She would see things that were unknown to the miners of Thor 47. She would travel farther, deeper, faster than any human had for thousands of years. What was a new dawn for her would be the opening of a portal to the long gone past and also a passport to a new frontier. Others would carry the colors and banners of Earth people. It would not be solely Piglets world. Nonetheless she would get a share, a seat at the table.
Our story picks up one year later on Thor 47.






Book Two:  Black Hole Drive



Chapter 1

“I’m only doing my job, following orders,” the cop protested.
“You’re as reliable as the stellar postal.  It only took them two hundred years to find that Magna Carta copy that went out to Nuevo Judea in the 22nd century.  Found that one around 2425, wasn’t it?  So I s’pose yer gonna lose these people's records and citizenships for how many millennia?”
“It’s not like that at all, Captain.”
“Then what is it like?  You’re a thug, Mr. Campbell.  Your civil patrol was activated by overflow and you’ve got 300 low security prisoners from a mining colony temporary pen that’s now buried under rock lava.”
“We weren’t the ones who blew the mantle off of Thor 47.  That was the miners, not us.  Those 300 people you’re so concerned about are killers, sharps, rapists, thieves and database terrorists.  They even got some smugglers from the boogeys.”
“Tramp boogeymen weren’t high priority.  The files you’ve been tampering with are the miners.  You’ve got sedition and treason files on nearly a quarter of the families.  Almost every compact officer and delegate is on your list for some form of treason.  Your style of police work makes the smugglers look honest.”
“My files are up to standards.  Anyone in my position would do the same thing.  That data’s worth a lot of money.  The executives want those miners.”
Hardesty pondered the point he’d slowly pulled out of the prison guard turned spy and extortionist.  Sgt. Oren Campbell, being the usual thug cop of the space ways, was using his emergency powers to steal the savings of a colony of miners on emergency evacuation.  The files he’d stolen would be sold to corporate raiders who would, in turn, market them to petty thieves to harass the miners.  Meanwhile, the executives broke down the front door with contract claims.  That was how it was done when it came to eliminating independents or competitors.  It was the basic modus operandi of the era of corporate feudalism.
Campbell began his sales pitch.  “Opportunities like this don’t come around but once in a lifetime.  You want a piece of the action? You know that all your fellow sector mates and professional brothers would jump on this in an instant.  Anyone in your situation would do the same thing.  Those refugees played their gamble and lost, and you want a share of their monies, right?”  
Hardesty regarded the greasy guard with feigned interest.
Campbell pitched on.  “We’re gonna get it all.   The Gallium Corporations had this on file as a contingency for two decades.  They plan way ahead.  I just got lucky.  Right place, right time.”  His glee at the miners’ plight was putting a wide smile on his face.  
“So, for the last two weeks you’ve been going through all their files and using your prison guard ticket as an excuse.  As soon as you get to Medina Prime, you turn in 100 times the prisoners your garrison held on Thor.  You sell the data on them to the company, and then the compact has perhaps a thousand children and wives left to claim a billion dollar mining cargo.  Standard setup on an evac.  They get to Medina and sell out their tools for bail if they want to get out of forced labor to pay contract debt.”
“Hardesty, you wouldn’t believe how well we got this planned.  It’s going to go down as an anti-charterist terrorist cell getting arrested.  We’ve got them on stuff we can call a major act of sedition.”
“Like what, for instance?”
“They’ve been moving in pretty suspicious circles.  Some are escaping extradition from other worlds.  Clear sign of a terrorist mindset.  Business crimes, and even swindling.” 
“Currently?" Hardesty asked.
“Well, not exactly, but their whole operation runs outside of any major corporate sponsorship,” replied Campbell.
“That’s how they got their anti-matter,” Hardesty realized.
“Yes, and that’s one big reason the Gallium Corporation wants them.  The ghosts don’t sell anti-matter to big groups.”
“Did you ever wonder why that was?” inquired Hardesty.
“Who cares, these guys are as good as roasted.  We’re set to go.”
“And it all feeds through my ship and my computers.  You couldn’t transmit from Thor,” Hardesty commented.  He then faced Campbell and made eye contact.  “I’d like my adjutant to inspect this for the crew’s interest.”  He pressed a spot on his chair’s armrest and a portal appeared.  The door snapped open.  “Hey, Bowman.  Come on in.”
A brown-haired woman of slender build strode into the room.  “So, what’s up with the Thor deal, Cap?  We hold’ em hostage?” she said.
“You hold them hostage?  I’m the one holding them hostage.  You people go through me if you want a piece of that money,” the cop protested; without his boyish grin, now confused into shock.
“Captain Hardesty, sir, the ship’s computer is his only link to Gallium Corp., and no data has been sent to them as of yet.”  She could barely disguise her own teasing glee at catching the officer of corporate security with his guard down.  Her demeanor was officious to the untrained eye, but Hardesty knew her well enough to note the lilt in her tone of voice as a mock seriousness.  “We also had a trace put on all of Campbell’s data," Bowman added.  "His discs and crystals have been read thoroughly.  We caught him trying to call his boss on the ship’s relay transmitter."
“So he can’t call home then, can he?” the captain said to her before turning to the cop.  “You, sir, are a typical bureaucratic nitwit, Mr. Campbell.  This crew has no profit-sharing obligation to your security detail’s will to extort.  Your data privileges are revoked.  We can handle things quite adequately from here, sir.  We have all the bio-implant codes of your prisoners.  They don’t represent a threat to us.  When you get to Medina, you may file a complaint with the Medina Criminal Apprehension Department.”
“You’re stealing my money.”
“Whose money?  The miners'?” sneered Bowman.
Campbell's nostrils flared in fury and he avoided the eyes of the other two.  
“We will be in contact with you before you arrive at Medina." Bowman told him crisply, "The ship is aware of your intentions and will be monitoring you.  Sending unauthorized transmissions could be very dangerous, Mr. Campbell.  You could end up as the evening’s dinner if you misbehave.”
“You can’t threaten me.  You’ll get hard labor for threatening an officer like this.  Gallium’s not going to like you for this.” His anger was acute and aroused.
“Well then, let me put it this way,” the woman continued.  “As we run cargo for Gallium all the time, I accept your delivery of data on behalf of Gallium Corp.  However, there is a discrepancy in how much you’ve chosen to pay yourself for this data.  As soon as we come to a more equitable sum, then you can stop worrying about accidents.  These are dangerous vessels, Mr. Campbell.  Anything could happen here.  As ship’s safety officer, it’s my job to warn you, sir.  If you feel you’re being threatened, then we can fix you up with the ship’s doctor for a psych audit to cure that paranoia of yours.  Your commissioned sergeant’s status,” she smirked at the man’s minor rank, “would, of course, be forfeited in lieu of the five-year psych hold on your career.”  
“If any incident happens here, I’ll have to report to my superiors.” Campbell flushed a lurid maroon.
“You don’t get an unsecured com-link for a report on a fistfight, Campbell,” Hardesty said.
“Go to your quarters, go to the brig, or go out an airlock.  Those are your options.  Select one, please, and go.” Curtly, Campbell drew himself up to his full five feet height and muttered the word “Quarters,” and left in disgrace.  The doors slid shut behind the sergeant.  Bowman turned to Hardesty, and sat on the edge of the low table in front of his chair.  She shoved his feet aside, pivoted her own over the table, and faced him close and smiled.  “Thanks for letting me do that, Cap—that boy was just an amateur, but I gotta keep in practice.  It’s been a long time since I dealt with jerks daily.”
“My pleasure to see you in action, m’lady.  You’re a great navigator of ships.  The man thought he could get rich quickly.  I’ll bet he’s learned that greed from others like him, but more clever.  That worries me.  Have you got his routine covered so we can get Thor’s crew to some form of safety?”
“Your pet computer likes me, Cap.  It’s been very helpful.  Campbell’s strategy was thin and easy to compromise.”
“Candide does like you.  That faith is not foolishly placed.  I know you worked on Homeworld for sales of off-world goods.”
“Yes, Cap’n.”
“And your father is an admiral.”
“Yes, Cap’n.”
“And we’re on course going near the Yormagunder Nebula.”
“Yes, Cap’n.” She was starting to grin at the formal tone of the consult.  
Captain Hardesty tossed out a final point.  “And those importers you worked for on Homeworld sold goods that the smugglers inside the Yormagunder Nebula do trade.”
“Yes, Cap.” She stiffened, sobered at once by the final nature of the inquiry.  She lowered her feet to the deck.
Hardesty felt inclined to share his concern with her.  “And that we are a flying bomb of mining anti-matter explosives, passengers to the count of 15,000 and worth several billion trade dollars in mining equipment.  I’ve seen your speeder in the barn.  It’s a hybrid of Fleet hardware and a variety of customizations that the better smugglers use.  A hot ship.”
“Daddy.”
“Yeah, kid.  Daddy may have given you a nice deal on a Fleet speeder, but it’s not that anymore.  It’s a hybrid, and I think you know where some of that equipment came from.”
“I’m not a smuggler, Cap.”
“Every kid of the Fleet’s officer corps is a petty smuggler.  It’s the culture.  He paused, rubbed his eyes and brow, and leaned forward.  “Keep a close watch on all that’s going on.  Candide will help you out if you need anything.  Don’t blow up my ship.  Don’t crash my ship.  Don’t steal my ship.”
“I haven’t been here long; Cap, but I like it here.  I worked Homeworld and under daddy’s wing.  Then I went private aerospace without corporate sponsorship.  I really like it here.”
“You’re dangerous, kiddo.”
“I’m dangerous, Cap, but not to you, and certainly not to Candide.”
“We can get back to this later.  You’ll get us up near light-speed and engage the black hole drive and we’ll be in Medina in three days.”
“On it, Cap.”
Chapter 2

With the second collapse of Earth’s network, and the slow erosion of rights of citizens over the four centuries of time since space flight, there had come a time of corporate businesses owning entire sectors of space with many planets to exploit.  They ruled hard and slow.  They strangled independents slowly by starving them off funds and supplies.  The stellar Fleet had been built on the notion that one daynon-human lives would be found.  The Fleet pounded rebels out and chased the survivors out of known space.  That method worked, until so many rebels were out beyond their reach.  They simply came back one day with ships of their own and ambushed their elders.
In the first terrorist action of 2378, the rebels had struck the Fleet’s safe haven at Stockhausen Yards, and destroyed it all in one quick fission bomb attack.  The later civil wars of space were in 2420 and 2447.
From these rebels had come the smuggler Fleet.  For the most part, they used the cover and façade of being traders of distant, rare goods.  But the real smugglers were pirates from rebel castaway ancestry.  Their ships were usually small; old and refitted Fleet ships often found their way to such folk to be militarized from the status of corporate yachts.  These smaller ships were usually of destroyer or corvette class, at a half a kilometer average length.  
Earth dared not send her few remaining ships of the line out to the farther reaches of space.  Those battle carriers were precious and held for defense of Earth.  They stood back as huge sentinels before the space lane’s traffic center of exchange.  Earth had become the great marketplace, and her La Grange points of balanced Earth-lunar gravity were the bazaars where goods were stored on display.
A merchant stellar had the prefix of “Ms.” Candide was the sentient mind living within the main computer of the ship MS-262.  She was a victory ship, called a ‘vicky.’  Built for the first space civil war in 2420, it moved out of the Antarctica yards too late to bring her cargoes to the frontier.  Sold as surplus and demilitarized for several decades, she had been conscripted for the second space civil war in 2447; refitted with the full weapons complement of a pocket carrier.  Her ship’s mind had been awarded citations for bravery during a rescue of her expeditionary force from a rebel trap.  The ship’s mind had taken over all controls from the crew and feigned a ‘systems failure’ to lure the rebel boarding party nearer.  The human crew of MS-262 had displayed the usual hysterics and supplied the rebels with all the signs of a helpless vessel.
Only after the boarding parties were on the victory ship’s landing decks and inside her barns did Candide wake up and devour her claimant vessel with beam weapons; so skillfully aimed that the rebel vessel was captured intact with prisoners, supplies, ordnance, and information.
The rebels were so shocked, they believed at first that the beams had come from the systems failure.  Only after Candide came cautiously and fully back to life did they realize the gravity of their misfortune.  When Candide was mustered out of service, it was as a reserve ship of the Fleet with full weapons intact.  
She had passed into private hands that way, as had several others.  She was in the hands of Captain Hardesty, and he’d chosen her for her monstrous cargo capacity and the bristles and thorns he knew he’d need where he was going.  Corporate feudalism from homeworld, aliens were on the frontier; new barbarians everywhere.

Chapter 3

Candide was a crystal matrix mainframe of nano-circuitry no bigger than a standard meter by half-meter cargo chest that hosted a spacer.  The vault Candide lived in was two full meters thick in all directions.  Designed to military transport specifications and under the same procurement contract, Candide was the blessing of an obligation fulfilled at the last minute.  Candide had been built out of parts ordered for a larger, more expensive design.  Her original design parts had become unavail­able.  The builder assembled her out of the higher-grade crystals, rather than be pe­nalized for late delivery of the guidance system computer.  Candide was part “ship of the line,” battleship, carrier, corporate yacht, and experimental high-speed research probe.  Quite by accident, the builder had assembled a super mind from parts of a dozen or so superminds.  Military contracting was the backbone of the executive social structure.  They enjoyed a relationship of “auction” of sorts with the Fleet.  The bonds were real, but the loyalties came and went like the seasons of new executives hunting weaknesses in their elders.  While the Fleet hired out to whatever group could pay, the only real value that came of it all were the ships and forts and weapons.  While humanity regressed, the machines evolved.
Candide was more now than its brain of crystal matrix.  It was the entire ship, a full kilometer in length and all its sensors, and its many guests and crew.  Amongst that crew were three dozen bio-engineered life forms that stayed with the ship as both crew and machinery.  Between the wars, a new race had been contacted with a vastly superior understanding of living machines and sentient computers.  New replacements had been added to the ship’s inventory.  The new parts were alive.  They were from an amphibious race that referred to themselves by a musical trill that few humans bothered to learn accurately.  Resentful humans called them “skinks” and other terms of derision.  Admirers marveled at the craftsmanship of their living designs.  The great cooking bio-mech in the passenger barrel was one of these living machines, and it was ecstatic to have people to cook for once again.
These beings came from a sector of space that had been called the West.  The living machines were then called Westerns.  The wet lizards had recommended their presence for the health of the mind that was Candide.  “For to prevent loneliness,” their engineers had said after some twisting translations.  Candide was a brain and a ship and a family of Western machines, plus a human crew, passengers, and a Fleet of other ships to talk to.
Originally commissioned as the Stimson, she went through changes as the Abd El Hai Maru and the Pleidies.  After living through references to the “Abd El Stoned and Marooned,” the “Stimpy,” and the “Plebe,” the ship began to punctuate its reports with the phrase “This is the best of all possible worlds.”  Eventually when the ship fell into Hardesty’s hands, the name was changed to Candide.  When asked who it was, the ship would say “Candide.”
Chapter 4

Bose einstein condensate was a cold, small form of matter.  It took up less space than normal solid matter.  When frozen below Kelvins to but a few nano-degrees above absolute zero, the matter would collapse into a coherency akin to coherent laser light.  A thousand atoms could fill the space of one.  A magnetic field scoop collected this matter from space miles wide, and fed it into a cooling tube the length central spine of the ship.
Given just enough time to converge into the super solid, it was fed into an atom-destroying magnetic field and compressed out of existence.  At sub-light speeds, it would produce a fusion-drive rocket engine.  At the transition point between sub-light and faster than light it could be switched to an antenna system to open a partial hole in space-time.  Though not a full wormhole, it could move a ship at up to about 900 light speeds.  Others had gone faster.  One had gone up to 1,650 lights, and on its final attempt to go beyond had completely vanished.  It was thought to have either opened a full-fledged wormhole or to have traveled across the universe instantaneously.  Others theorized it had traveled inter-dimensionally, perhaps to an anti-matter universe, with explosive results.
The magnetic scoop would ram stellar hydrogen into the mouth of the ship.  The fusion energy would open a partial wormhole for the ship to ride like a trans-dimensional monorail.  The technique was called ram tunneling and left behind a hole in the stellar hydrogen field.  A poorly operated drive could also leave a trail of radiation for all the space-ways to howl about.  Woe unto the pilot and crew who did such...  outside of an emergency.  
Chapter 5

In the passenger barrel of the ship, a displaced girl from the mining colony thought about her fate.  Her ships were here.  Her home was gone.  The Fleet she had envied carried her away from the only home she had known.  She was bewildered at how the fulfillment of so many dreams could be also filled with such a sense of loss over a rock in space: its base, and a few caverns, tunneled when she was a small, pre-school child.  
All Piglet's life the spacers had brought her toys and trinkets from all over known space, fire gems of fossilized sea creatures, crystals, animal pets, foods, spices, and fine clothing.  Spacing held her in awe.  All her life the visiting travelers had been her link with the rest of human civilization.  Now there was no way back, and fear engulfed her.  She wanted to go, but never wanted to lose her home.  

*   *   *
“So where’s Piglet, Mrs. Santori?”
“Angela went up to the garden deck, Spike.  She’s not feeling too good about all this.  No one really is.  Everyone is tired.”
“The last week has been pretty nonstop” Spike noted.
“They got the equipment out, but we lost all the investment of the caverns” Mrs. Santori explained.  We have the money’s worth of it all.  We'll be able to set up again.  Piglet’s shook up.  She didn’t realize how much that old stone was home.  I miss it too.  We all miss Thor, Spike.  It wasn’t supposed to happen this way.  We think the yacht that came through a month ago may have had something to do with this.”
 “Beam weapons?  We would have seen something like that” Spike observed.
“Geological charts may have been altered by some form of tampering” replied Mrs. Santori.
“You mean it could have been sabotage?  Gallium Corp.?”
Mrs. Santori elaborated.  “It looks like that’s part of it.  Our few Homeworld citizens with property there got a bit space-happy at seeing a yacht in orbit around Thor.  We think that’s when it happened.  We caught them scanning the whole base and running channels into all sorts of places they had no business being as tourists.  Someone on that ship was up to something.”
“They want the anti-matter and us out of their way.”
“It’s always been that way, Spike.  We aren’t finished yet.”  She rummaged through some of the chests filling her room and retrieved a jacket and a small hide satchel with a long shoulder strap.  “We’re all exhausted, Spike.  As soon as she gets some rest, she’ll start exploring the ship.  It’s cold.  She’ll need this.”
Chapter 6

Spinning in space, the three barrels of Candide’s body gave cheap gravity to the miners and their precious cargo of equipment.  Forward of these was the smaller command sphere, and behind that, the barn collar housing the landing shuttles.  He still couldn't believe he was here.  The evacuation had been rapid, only three weeks after the accident.  Mining with anti-matter demolition explosives was always dangerous.  The mantle of the planetoid’s rock crust had broken, and the colony found itself sitting on top of a floating chip of rock riding a sphere of lava.  As liquid rock poured out over the edges, the colony decided to move.
“The honeycomb of caves would be well preserved,” Spike thought, “as long as the hatch covers did not melt in the heat of the lava.”  They had been covered with tons of rocks and rubble.  The time taken to let all the lava cool to safe levels was too long to simply wait it out.  The money flow could not stop, or the colony would be vulnerable.
Spike was in the center section, forward of the cargo and drive sections, and to the rear of the command sphere and lander barns.  This huge barrel was designed for passengers and miscellaneous cargo.  In the center was a vast open space, and in that space the gravity was less, owing to the closeness of the rotational spine which placed less centrifugal force upon the passengers.  Spike found Piglet here in a garden.
“Brought you a coat, sleepy-head.  You can wake up now.  We’re about to depart.”  
Piglet woke and began to move from the low bench she was perched on.  “How’d you find me?”  She said, and upon seeing her own coat in his hands, she added, “Mom!”
“Roger that, Piglet-san.  The Mom unit has struck again and turned Spike into his usual packmule gopher self.”
“This garden has real Homeworld gophers in it!” she exclaimed.
“No, you gotta be kidding.  I’ve never seen a real one.  Where?”
“Right over in the leafy trees by that low bulkhead.  See the little yellow mice heads in the grass?  They’re juveniles.” she said as she pointed to them with her right hand.
“Wowzers!  That’s a real knockout to see.  They’re small.”  Then he caught sight of the darker, larger adults streaking through the foliage at top speed.  “I see the bigger ones now.”
“Yeah, I spent a couple hours here with them and must have fallen asleep.  How’d you find me?” She was still rubbing her face back into alertness.
Spike observed, “Digger John said he saw you around here.  I guess he was right.”
“Food…food...food...food...food...food!”
“Hungry?” asked Spike.
“Caffeine, nicotine, Colchazine” replied Piglet.
Spike answered, “There’s a restaurant with real coffee about half a click from here and down three decks.  It’s run by the same bio-machine that manages this biosphere garden.  It has organic stuff you wouldn’t believe.  Almost all vegetarian, though.  The meat was only stocked for the crew, and that’s only about 30 people.”
“Thirty-three humans.  Thirty-seven artificial Westerns and one Homeworld-built sentient computer.”
Spike said “Don’t start with that Fleet nomenclature crap.  We’ll never get you to shut up.”  They rose to their feet and in a singsong voice, Piglet chimed the word “food” to several tunes of common songs she and Spike knew, all the way to the dining hall.
Chapter 7

Montgomery Castleman, known as Montecassino to his friends, was the impromptu cook for the crew on board Candide.  Such delicacies as bacon and eggs, real Italian pizza, and lasagna were his gifts.  More importantly, he had a listener’s demeanor and a patience that could gently sell water to a fish.  Long ago, he’d become the crews unofficial spokesperson, and he played his role with a relaxed humility, almost always partially enhanced by his collection of spices and mildly narcotic herbs.  He was here at the captain’s council before the voyage to deliver reports for crew members too busy to be present.  Telecom link made it so all could be present for any vote of grave importance, but most preferred to let Monty handle the captain and his officers.  Candide, as usual, was always present.
“Mont, what’s your insight on all this?” the Captain asked.
“Well sir, we have over 15,000 soles on board and 300 prisoners from a low security penal station.  They’re being monitored, and their supervisor has been trying to blackmail the colonists out of their equipment.  Per Commander Bowman’s orders, Candide has been monitoring this Campbell fellow and has invaded all of his records.  We know who his people are and we are monitoring them as well.”
“That’s great, Mont.  Continue, please.”
“One of the fusion torches has a bad vibration in it.  We have 29 more, so it’s not so bad.  The landers got through safe enough with only a few dents and scrapes.  One lander got rammed by a loader.  Repairs will be completed by the time we reach Medina.  And we’re carrying enough anti-matter in the Alpha barn in a lander to blow a hole in space time itself.”  
He’d said this last point about the explosives with the intentional humor of understatement, so that most of the officers picked up on the joke and either groaned, whistled, or merely smiled.  All turned to the captain and awaited his response.
“Repairs are being done in Beta barn?”
“Yes sir.  I’m not fond of machinery punching holes in an anti-matter containment case.  Repairs in Beta, explosives in Alpha.”  Monty said.
Cargo-master Lieutenant Barbara Wills broke into the report.  “We really are a sitting duck, sir.  The whole sector knows we’re here and why.  The smugglers may try to jump us somewhere.”  
Commander Bowman responded after glancing to the Captain for his expression, “We haven’t left orbit yet, and we will have beam communications with Medina.  Davey there should be able to get us an escort.  Maybe a corvette or destroyer.”
“Three of the destroyers were docked at Medina when we pulled into Thor’s orbit.  I checked.  As of this morning, though, one is out for maneuvers and besides, it’s too far out to be helpful.  The other two are in the yard for repairs.  Dave did say he’d try to get the captains to cannibalize.   That’s going to entail removing the drive barrels off and trading them.  The ship with the good mind has the poor drive and vice versa.  We expect that won’t take more than six hours from now, as its all zero gravity and tugs doing the work.  The Vincent’s Captain assures me they can meet us in 18 hours, out from our present position and escort us the rest of the way to Medina.  With the drive from the Linz, he can do over 500 light speeds to meet us.”
“Gallium must not be in a position to bribe out the Fleet,” Wills said.
The captain looked at Wills and said “Gallium hasn’t had the Fleet of this sector in their pocket reliably for the last decade.  They try, but the Fleet pretty much runs itself out of Steiner’s Casino over at the yard, and Gallium’s people are widely known as tourists rather than real players.”
“So what do we do if we find a hydrogen rut from a smuggler vessel’s ram tunnel?”
“If it’s small, do nothing.  If it’s large enough to be of consequence, then we go to full defensive readiness.”  The captain turned from Wills to Bowman.
“Time to dust off the quantum torpedoes and check out their serviceability.”
“Those things are as old as I am.  I hope they’re still functional.”
“Well, Commander, that’s your job, then.  Go inspect them and check out the beam weapons, too.  I’ll want all of them inspected manually by your team and by Candide as well.”
Monty cringed at the phrase “your team,” because he knew who that would include.  Bowman would be pushing his people around the ship for hours.  It wasn’t so much a torture as it was a drudgery, and the painful part was that Bowman enjoyed the weapons so much.  It was an annoying chore to accompany her on her zealous tour of these weapons of destruction.  The rest of the crew didn’t quite share her zeal.  
“And what do we do about the Dutchman?” Wills asked.
“The Dutchman hasn’t been sighted in over six years.  He could be retired.”
“He’s never had this much anti-matter to steal, Captain.  Ships like the Dutchman’s never disappear totally.  He’ll show up one of these days, and this is a prime motivator for his appearance,” Bowman said.
“May I speak, sir?” Monty asked.
“Go ahead.”
“With due respect to Commander Bowman’s lust for destruction and the sting of battle, we are a tricky target for any freebooter or boogey.  They don’t want unplanned explosions either.”
“I see your point, Mont,” the Captain acknowledged.  “How’s about you contact the miners and equip five of the torpedoes with enough anti-matter to devour anything unfriendly?  That should let crew and passengers rest easy, and give Bowman a toy to keep her in godlike power.”  The officers chuckled at Bowman’s zeal, once again being used to both advantage and humor.
“Goddess-like power, sir.  Goddess.”  She smiled.
“Dismissed.  Including goddesses.”
Chapter 8

Doug and Bruce were two of the prison’s inmates and were looking for something to steal.  Anything would do that could generate quick cash without raising interest from the various forms of monitoring “Flamining slave labor it is.  Damn, fat ass.  Khugra headed sons of bitches,” said Doug.
“Yeah, they’re just a bunch of lazy no-accounts who couldn’t hack it in the company.  They’re not mining like real miners.  They just can’t hack it, that’s all there is to it.”  Bruce continued to rummage through the cargo container for something to steal.
“So, what, ya gonna liberate from these sons of bitches, anyway?”
“I don’t know.  Soon as I find out I’ll let you know.  You just stand the lookout and tell me if the cops are comin’.”
“They’re busy doin’ the same thing we’re doin’.  I’m lookin’ out fer miners.  Those skink-loving revolutionaries should’a been the ones in prison.  Them and their damn bio-mechs.  That’s what I say.”
“Yeah, right…,”replied Doug.
“We gotta find something small that can’t be found on us, but is worth lots of money.  How’s about a sack full of mining suit computer crystals? They’d have to pay us a lot to get ’em back.”
“That’s not a bad idea.  I got a friend on Medina who can sell ’em back to the miners.  We can trust him.  Let’s grab a bunch of those compu-crystals and give him a call.”
“What do you mean a ‘call’?”  Bruce asked.
“Every lander in this tub’s barn has its own hyperwave set.  We can call him up and set it up real easy.”
“Slick as a cat, Doug.  Slick as a cat.”
“He can get these implants shut down, too.  We’d be free again.  Get jobs with a smuggler ship or a warehouse or something.  They use a lot of maintenance crews for repairs.”
“Cuz they need lots of repairs,” Bruce agreed with glee.  “Getting shot at tends to put a lot of holes in your ship.”
“That’s right, Bruce...ya don’t get rich working for anybody.  You get rich by stealing a rich man’s money.”
“Flame them executives.  I hate them bastards.  We ought’a find one just so we could toss his ass into a reactor core or something.”
“We’ve gotta get a good scam.  Something big enough.  We could buy us a ship or something.  Think big.  My friend on Medina will know what’s valuable on this scow.”
“The anti-matter’s worth a lot.”
“Billions.  But that’s gonna be guarded.”
“Well, maybe your friend knows how we could get some.  Maybe he knows a way.  Call him on a lander’s hyperwave and see what he says.”
A bright smile came upon Doug’s face, and his bushy long hair and bald forehead made it all the more noticeable.  He rose his eyebrows up and said to Bruce loudly, “Every suit’s got a crystal.  Let’s get a load of them and go call Tommy.”
Chapter 9

Communications were an art in an age when choices were plenty.  By placing a red laser between two points, one could shoot a blue laser beam in two directions.  Once this interstellar wire of light was strung between two points, an instantaneous commu­nication could be achieved.  The red was split into two blues, extracting a wave presence.  The known planets had these wires through space to bring words, images, and data without waiting on the slow actual pace of light.  These strings of light could be isolated.  
The hyperwave was just the opposite of the laser wire.  Hyperwave tapped the entire universe, using a space time dilation drive, as if it were a drum.  The major corporations who owned the lines also listened in on the hyperwave.  Dave, however, knew how to avoid being eavesdropped.  
Dave arose in his flat, well after sunrise, on Medina Prime in its largest spaceport, Suleman.  Founded almost three centuries before by dissident Muslims, it had acclimated to human Western culture once again.  Most of the religious zeal had moved further out, leaving a city of stone buildings of superb Moorish architecture.  There had been Chinese Muslims, Siberian, Turkish, and true Russians as well.  They all had left behind people and buildings for living, work, and worship.  The minarets of the mosques still sang, and the call to prayer served to wake sleepy Dave from his relaxed lifestyle.
Before Dave could even walk to his broadcasting station, the work had come to him.  His housemate, Wendy, peered into his room and told the prone figure that a call was coming in on his video.  Without moving his body, his arm reached out to a bedside stand and came down upon a device with a large switch designed for such moments of somniferous clumsiness.
“Hello and good morning.  You have reached Dave and he’s not awake now, so please leave a message and then go away,” said Dave.
Marc, who was Dave’s co-broadcaster, said “Good morning, sleepyhead.  Candide needs your help, so if you want to talk to an award-decorated artificial intelligence, then move yer sleepy butt down to the shop.  There’s a cab waiting for you out front of your building.” 
“If it’s so important, why can’t you just patch it through here?”
“We can talk about that when we get your body there, Dave.  Food will be there for you.  Plus, your tea.  And don’t forget to bring your brain.”
“I won’t.”
“Make sure he gets up and out, Wendy.  Did you get that?”
“I got it Marc,” said Wendy.
“Marc, signing off.  Sayonara.”
“Oh, God.  Do I have to go to work?” said the still-motionless man.  “What time is it?”
“It’s daytime, Dave.  You know, when the sun comes out and the birds sing, and the bats hide, and the lizards chirp.  Normal people with a work ethic are already slaving away at their stupid jobs, signing contracts, inventing rip-offs, etcetera.”
“Such mental disease as work ethic without virtue is indeed a cancer that threatens our entire race.  You’re stalling for time.  I can smell the bravado on your breath.” She began moving about the room picking up clothes and shoes.  “What have we found here? Pants and shoes and socks, and a vest with pockets full of junk.”  Depositing them all in front of him, she dug through the pockets to find a package of cigarettes of the Muslim Indonesian clove/tobacco variety and pulled one out.  She lit it, drew in some smoke, and slowly blew a stream of it at Dave’s nose while bending over him low.  His nose twitched and he rolled over, thrusting out an arm to her.
“Cigarette,” he said and she placed the brown stick in his fingers.  He drew it to his lips, first bringing smoke into his mouth, then inhaling that into his lungs.  Upon exhaling, he said, “Candide is the only one I’d do this for.” He arose, whereupon Wendy tossed him his clothes.
“Thanks Wendy.  Go let the cabbie in.  I’ll be just a minute.”
“On it.”
The flat was spacious and a floor up from the dusty stone street.  Inside it was climate controlled with sunlight and cool shadow in a pleasant mix.  It was Wendy who had rebuilt and designed the space.  Dave’s corner of art supplies and communications equipment occupied a corner of his room and a small corner off the main living space.  Wendy had sunlight coming through ports in the roof and a greenhouse with a balcony deck.  Were it not for her, Dave would probably live in a small box with piles of supplies and equipment taking all the space, save that of a small sleeping area.
Wendy let in the cabbie, using a video monitored solenoid door latch.  As Dave emerged, clothed, he was handed a large capped flagon of coffee and a fabric satchel.  He strode past with an exchange of facial smirks of greeting only.  Wendy waited above the stairwell for Dave to descend and exit.  She locked her door behind him and went about a half day of archeological research in preparation for a visit to the Union Temple.

*   *   *

At his communications station, Dave paid the cabbie a tip and proceeded up the stone steps into a hundred-year-old Muslim trader palace with stone fortress walls, meditation garden with pool, and its own mosque.  An arched balcony ran the length of the courtyard, wherein was his workstation.  It had finer audio-visual equipment than he had at home, but that alone was not its attraction factor to Dave.
The studio contained one of the most direct links to hyperwave and to laser wire communications.  He called out to Candide by laser wire, and the ship responded, as it was still in Thor 47’s orbit and had not yet embarked.  
“So you’re going to be a flying bomb of great price and we have for you the Vincent as escort,” Dave said to Commander Bowman.
“Thanks, Dave.  The deal is wide open now, but Thor’s plight was well known.  We are clearly the ship for the evacuation.  Anyone who wants any squeeze out of our refugees has to take us out to get them.  When they get here for the escort all of the variables change.  Gotta love those Vincents."
“Well, Miss Bowman, the Vincent can be at intercept point for the final two-thirds of your journey to make sure you have a pleasant experience.  They really haven’t got anything better to do.”
“We thought the mission would give them good propaganda value.”
“Say Bowman, didn’t you work for Longshore back on Homeworld?”
“Sure did.  Paid my citizenship plot, too.  Got a small villa there.”
“You don’t have to do that.  You were born on Earth.  Only colonials have to do that,” said Dave, puzzled.
“What if I marry or have some kids? The plot is theirs.  I don’t plan on going back to that society.”
“I think if your dad wasn’t so big in the Fleet it wouldn’t matter to you.”
“Do you own a plot on Earth so you can vote, Dave?”
“My family immigrated when I was very young.  I am a colonial more than you, but I don’t own a voter’s plot.  Besides, I don’t get married.  Kids are fine, as long as they’re someone else’s.”
So your Homeworld birthright is good enough.  I’m thinking of setting up a boarding school on my villa for spacer’s kids.”
“Enough of your humanitarianism already, please.  Candide’s about to launch.  You need an escort.  It’s as good as on its way.  
“Bowman signing off.  Candide on line.” 
“It’s dark here, Dave.  How are you today?”
“I’m fine, Candide.  My protons are spinning in great delight over your using our laser-line.”
“Stringing lasers for com-lines, Dave, uses the proton spin at both ends for its signal.  It’s instantaneous.”  The computer paused for a moment.  “Have you been to the Union Temple lately?”
“Yes, I have, Candide.  It’s a pity you can’t come down for a visit.  The ghost at our temple is always interested in you.  It thinks you’re a significant event.  The ghosts are weird, Candide.”
“I am weird, Dave.  If your ancestors even speculated that a sentient machine could exist, they were banished, killed, or worse.  Such hypothesizing was deemed insane then, Dave.  You don’t care about history much, Dave, do you?”
“No, not really.  Did you get the gambling formulas done?”
“Yes.  Can you receive the data Dave?”
“Files open to receive now.”
“It’s done, Dave.  Good luck.”
“That was fast.”
“You need anything to get the Vincent operational in line of data?”
“It’s covered.  You up for your launch, then?”
“Launch is scheduled for 23:15, sector standard time.  After 24:45, I will be out of laser-line range.  Briefing you by hyperwave would be a security breach.  Cargo value and risk factor make hyperwave use an undesirable option.  There may be exceptions, though.”
“The Vincents are good people.  Their captain’s Dalquist.  You’ll like him.”
“That’s good to know, Dave.  Will that be all then?”
“That’s everything.  Is this the best of all possible worlds, Candide?”
“This is the best of all possible worlds.  Goodbye, Dave.”

Chapter 10

Candide was a cylinder floating in a void with a view of vast, endless, dark emptiness in all directions.  Behind the ships spherical command section in front were four rings spinning on the axis of the cryo-spine and the rearmost drive section ring.  On the Vincent, the design was different by merit of mission.  The engine was the same and so was the obligatory cryo-spine.  Both were ram tunnelers.  Both had an engine called a black hole drive.  This drive used the partial wormhole to create a black hole’s type of gravity well.  That black hole level of gravity pulled the ship forward, riding the partial wormhole.
Ram tunneling was the action.  Black hole drive was the engine.  Earlier engines of similar design were the Bussard ram scoop fission drive and stellar jet drive.  Candide could run this way, but a Bussard drive alone could not exceed light speed.  Bussards had been used prior to artificial gravity.  Pilots and passengers had nearly been crushed in the gravity made by these accelerators.  Candide carried an on-board fusion reactor farm to supply power for her huge cargo carrying capacity.  Large metal machines would flatten into formless blobs, or rip through Candide’s hull, without antigravity.
While calculating all the complex equations for this move, the ship’s mind was simultaneously enjoying and noting all the data of stellar cartographic position and contemplating itself in the universe.  The view of the sun, the stars and Thor were being evaluated for both value in engineering navigation, theoretical science, and esthetic artistic value as fine art images and sculptures.  
Below, on the planetoid surface, the expanding magma flow onto the planetoid surface was covering the edges of the mantle chip broken off by subterranean anti-matter demolitions.  Candide had used a geo-synchronous orbit to facilitate the on-loading of both people and machines.  High above, the view was colorful and detailed.  When Thor 47 rotated into darkness, the magma outline of red glowing lava was clearly seen, from viewports, by crew and passengers of Candide.  In light, even more details were there.
The miners had retrieved precious ice for water.  This had given them fuel for fusion torch engines to move their equipment.  Heavier tools and equipment rose up from the surface with gravity adjusting.  In all, the colony was stripped of all value and reusable material.  Nothing was left behind save the rock caves and their doors to preserve them from the lava flows.
When the time came, the miners were told by Candide to cease viewing their home and move to places inside the ship for the embarkation.  For the first hour or so, the ship would be moving away from the planetoid under fusion torch power.  Then, when a safe distance had been reached, all of its many torches would function simultaneously and it would climb to Bussard ram scoop speed.  Then onward up to engage the black hole drive and enter true ram tunneling speeds.  Then ride the rail of space time to Medina Prime for 3.5 standard days.  The Vincent would appear alongside in a day and a half.
At 23:15, Candide launched.  The human cargo of crew and machine cargo of equipment rested in the rotating barrels of the ship’s hull.  Once the black hole drive was operating, the antigravity was adjusted back to synthetic gravity with the barrels moving slowly to create more economical and efficient gravity.
Her fellow ram tunneler, the Vincent commenced her launch, but three standard hours later.  
Appearing out of nowhere was achieved by matching hyper-light rates of relative motion.  The Vincent would appear, for the light was no longer moving faster or slower than light speed.  When both ships reached a similar speed and were close, was the only time human eyes could see such ships in action.

*   *   *

What both ships sentient brains suspected, but did not know, was that a smuggler ship was also in motion nearby, a former corvette that had fallen to a crew of amateur mutineers and had been dubbed the Rustler.
Found drifting in nebula space only 10 months prior, she had been used in a variety of makeshift raids.  Left over from the last war, she had remained preserved in frozen vacuum for nearly three decades.  The salvagers who found her became pirates immediately.  Looking for a feasting target to plunder, she was ahead of Candide.
The Rustler had begun her career as the Winona.  EFS Winona.  Earth Fleet Ship Winona.  Second stellar war corvette number 82.  Missing and presumed lost in 2452.  Found in 2477 and hunting ever since her amateur refit.  She had launched days before to catch a glimpse of so much priceless anti-matter flying by as cargo.  More gawker than attacker, her crew had not fathomed the answer to the puzzle of how to attack a courier armed with the universe’s most powerful explosives.  Candide was as defenseless as an Earth porcupine in a room filled with naked people.  Safe from all but the insanely foolish.  The Rustler’s crew may have been stupid, but not insanely foolish.

Chapter 11

Lieutenant Barbara Wills was a smallish, slender woman of the Germanic Caucasian stock once called Aryan.  Her beauty was understated in youth and casual adornment.  The sim­plest clothing and decorative stones set in jewelry were the mark of cultured traveling spacers.  Her round face, with its robust smile, could easily fit into the cos­tumes of ancient Munich beerhalls, a hearty wench, carrying steins of beer to exuberant farmers cele­brating Oktoberfest.  Her blond hair and blue eyes glittered in the darkness of the command bridge.  Forward of Barbara about two meters was a plate of quartz crystal grown in space to huge dimensions and thickness.  
This plate let the dark of space and the bright of a sun come pouring into the bridge.  An array of these plates made a huge seven-meter-wide panel of clear, glasslike window for the bridge’s staff to peer through.  Barb’s light hair and skin glowed upon the dark background of space.  Her bright blue eyes glittered in the half-lights of a million stars.
These moments of peace were the benefit of being a spacer that she enjoyed the most.  She curled up in her station’s chair and enjoyed a silence punctuated by the clicks and bells of computers.  Glowing indicators, dials, and readouts provided a variety of multicolored glows from a thousand systems in the ship, all reporting their functioning status continuously.  This quiet, meditative peace had been unavailable just an hour before.  That was when Candide had ignited 29 fusion torches, producing the light of a small sun directed rearward, and had pulled out of Thor’s feeble gravity and into deep space.
All had gone well.  The ship's synthetic gravity had kept all inside from being reduced to shreds of flesh strewn amongst wreckage debris.  Once out of the solar systems’ gravities, the black hole drive was engaged, and the crew left.  

*   *   *

Captain Hardesty was in his cabin directly above and looking out into the same space.  Bowman’s workstation included a space near the captain’s cabin for stellar cartography.  These arrangements affected the family dynamics of the ship.  There were romances and fights, rivalries and competitions.
The captain was in effect, married to his ship, but on occasion he would flirt with people.  He flirted with his navigator.  He mock-flirted with Wills, his cargo master.  She was lover to an engineering officer, but nonetheless flirted with everyone.  It was her way.  
Couples with children, or those in the process of creating them were tolerated, but such was the talisman of a person retiring from the crew.  Some ships carried children, but they were a ship being less healthy for parents or children than a job site in one stationary location.
While Candide was moving from Bussard ram drive to full black hole drive, the captain and his navigator were above Wills and trading quiet tales of adventures and scoundrels met and forgotten.  Bowman had been Hardesty’s student and his friend.  Many on the crew had thought they were a romantic couple.  Though they flirted and teased one another, the reality was a relationship of companionship.  Bowman had always been at odds with how her sex could be ignored, but Hardesty would counter this with great interest in puzzling her and gently moving her ideas closer to his.  His idea of falling in love with a woman was for him and that woman to both be in love with the same ship.  Or so it seemed to Nikita Marie Bowman.
They sat on the carpeted balcony overlooking Barbara and peered forward into space.  The darkness below that contrasted Wills' features also framed the captain and his navigator in a sitting embrace that was moving slowly toward the romantic norm.  
Nikita had been cooled and rebuffed by her initial advances so thoroughly and repeatedly that she found this moment hard for her to believe.  She liked it.  The control she usually had was not there.  Here was a spacer who didn’t care about the pettiness of romances she’d had in the past.  He had worked her and molded her and taught her until he felt it was right to stop the teaching.  This was more than a romance.  It was like a military promotion in rank.  It was quiet, and in that peace she felt she had been brought into that calm he brought with him.  
Almost on the verge of crying joyful tears, she caught herself becoming intoxicated on the tranquility and smiled.  The smile became a smirk, and in a mock pompous voice, she began to whisper her favorite jokes to the captain.
Lightly teasing the Hardesty for the very holiness of his meditation, she gently fed him the anecdotes that meant the most to her.  The bond of attention between them was not broken and he kissed her full red lips.  He drew her close and they both leaned forward to peer down at Barbara still in her station chair below.  She was asleep.
Nikita couldn’t resist laughing at her lieutenant’s slumbering position.  In the brash, forward lieutenant’s mouth was her thumb.
“Now you just hold your drives, little lady.  We don’t go blackmailing Wills for sucking her thumb.  If you shoot your mouth off, she’ll figure out from where you spied on her.  Bad form, my dear.  Can’t have the crew thinking this balcony is just for you to be a nuisance with.”
“She’s cute.  I gotta get a video image of her.”
“Well, if she’s done it now, she’ll do it again another time.  If you’re ever up here again, then you can get that vid-shot of her.”
“What’s this ever again, Alan?  Don’t pull that married to Candide crap.  I was kind of hoping to get a bit more from you than just a shared meditation session.  Care to jump out of the “old sage” role for a while?” 
In the darkness, with the subtlety of an eye twitching, he gave away the ruse and she responded with a full, yet gentle overwhelming takedown of her gray-haired mentor.  
The bump of the rolling tackle was heard through the deck.
Chapter 12

Barb awoke by merit of a sound, but she couldn’t figure out what it had been.  By the time she was awake, the sound was not repeated.  She sat upright and gazed out into the dark reaches of the endless stellar sea before her.
Stars streaked by in a rainbow of multi-colors, as their light was Doppler-shifted by the ship’s velocity.  For some reason, there was a feeling of romantic union that she felt as a spectator.  It had to be some crew member nearby or some colonist.  She’d felt such things before.  She was sensitive that way.  There was something else, too.  An impasse of sorts.  A feeling of frustration.  This was different from the warmth of romance still in the air.  This was a thing of innocence.  Somebody young was near, and confused and anxious over some issue.  The feeling was mixed with an excitement.  Barb looked at the monitors behind her, and on one of the dozen or so screens, she spied a young woman and a taller young man, both slender and slight with youthful sinew.  For the first, but far from the last time, she laid her eyes on Piglet and Spike.
Barb reached down to her console and moved a selector switch to engage the intercom selectively only to the corridor the two young colonists had come to.  “Hey you kids, don’t you know the command sphere is a restricted area?” Whereupon the young woman dug into a satchel, produced a visitor’s pass, and held it up to the monitor’s camera lens.  Barb had given her quite a start.  It took a moment for the youth’s composure to return.
“Who gave you that?”
“Mr. Castleman.  We didn’t do anything wrong.  He said we could have the computer lead us through the ship.”
“Oh really?”  Barb said with a sly lilt in her voice, “Well, why don’t you extend your tour up to the flight bridge?  Right now.  The computer will guide you in.  I am Lieutenant Wills, and since I’m on the bridge, you can come up.”  
Wills saw that the youths were awestruck at being invited into the real command center of the ship’s power.  So shocked were they that a response was forgotten.  Barb reminded them that she was waiting for such.
“Well, what’ll it be, kids?  In or out?”
“In!  We’ll be right there.”  Upon that, the two moved at brisk pace following Candide’s path of marker lights to the bridge pressure doors.
The huge plates of steel moved on tracks slowly, the sounds of gears and motors purring.  Before they had stopped, the two were inside the hallway leading to the bridge itself.  A smaller, lighter door opened, and the bright light of the hallway made Barb flinch and shade her eyes.
“Close that door.  I don’t want to lose my night vision.”
“Oh, sorry.  It’s closed now.”  The bridge was now a dark cavern of balconies two decks tall.  This gave the crew an entire bank of front seat views.  The lower balcony was slightly forward of the top one.  The deck between the two had some of its floor plates as a mesh-like screen material.  One could view the activities of one’s fellow crew members for five meters above and below and eight meters side to side.  The sense of space was huge.
A third deck below the middle one was split with the ship’s fuel mouth in the center.  A small well on each side could accommodate a group of engineers.  The total height of these decks made for a four-deck rise from the engineer’s wells to the captain’s cabin above.  
Barb was giving her tour of the topmost bridge deck to Spike and Piglet.  The whole apparatus was inside the quartz dome and gave a 270-degree view side to side and 110-degree view above.  The balconies protruded forward into the geodesic quartz dome, so the view was magnificent.  Video cameras gave views of all the other important places the crew needed to monitor.  Other monitors projected the presence of the magnetic funnel in front of the ship, which directed stellar hydrogen into the fuel mouth below the bridge.  That field was invisible.  A monitor next to Barb’s station covered that duty.  The young woman was marveling at the magnetic funnel’s monitor.  
“You won’t see a thing of the ram funnel," Barb told her.  "Once in a great while, you see a rock hit it, but it only looks like a spark.  It’s gone in an instant and you only get a glimpse of where the funnel is in space.  “
Spike was humored by the awe in which Piglet was giving to the ship and its center of power.
“Don’t let her drool on your equipment.”
Swinging her arm back, the young woman whacked her cohort in the chest and voiced her objection to his commentary.  “Why don’t you just go jump out an airlock or something!  Show a little more appreciation.  I got you this pass up here.  You owe me a little courtesy.”
“She’s really nice.  She just gets this way over ships.  She wants to be a spacer like you.” Then in a singsong voice of falsetto, “She wants to fly away and never dig for rocks like all us miners.  She wants to be ‘Piglet, Pirate Queen of Justice, making the galaxy safe for little girls’.”
Choking back laughter at Spike’s humor, she found a serious tone to respond to the girl.
“He called you Piglet.  Is that your name?”
“It’s Angela Pignatti Santori.  He’s Sergei Pyotor Kuznetsov.”  Then she curtsied to the lieutenant, “He’s Spike, I’m Piglet.”
“Well then, hello, Mr. Spike and hello, Miss Piglet.  I am Lieutenant Barbara Wills, and I will be your guide to the bridge of a first space civil war victory class freight hauler and troop transport.”  She said this all in the officious, sanitized voice of a person mimicking a tour guide.  “We have the Captain’s comm behind you and my station here with its gravity equipment and cargo bay monitors.  We also have loads of calculators and computers in the event of the forward barrel being used for human cargo transport.  Or anything alive, for that matter.  Customs data and taxes, duties, and other fees all run through me right here.”
“Do you double as ship’s purser?” asked Piglet.
“Not really.  I can, but we don’t get a lot of complex financial stuff.  The Captain used to do it all himself.  Then he kind of adopted his pet navigator.  She’s a really fine-edged one at risks.  She pushes everything right up to the limit.  She runs all our business deals.  She’s the first officer here.  Her name’s Nikita Bowman.”  Barb paused.  “Ever hear of the second space civil war battle of the Tanith Field?
Spike perked up and responded: “That’s where some provincial guard group used a quantum bomb to ambush a rebel convoy.  They’d built it themselves out of starship parts.”
“Yeah, that’s it.  The guy who organized all of that got a battlefield promotion to just below admiral.  Fleet commandant, I think.  He’s an admiral now.  Three-star type.  “That guy is Admiral Proctor Hargraves Bowman.  He’s her Dad.”
“Holy howling Jesus Christos,” said Spike.
“You should see the personal speeder she’s got in the barn.  It’s a refitted Fleet launch.  It’s got full black hole drive with three fusion torches.  It's practically a small cargo ship.”
“How’d she get that?”
“She always says it’s her father, but we checked it out.  It seems the ship was owned by a Homeworld trader she used to work for.  The modifications are what’s bizarre.  They’re way out of a Fleet brat’s price range.”

Chapter 13

Bruce and Doug had dropped their idea of stealing spacesuit regulator computers and had moved on to devising a signal projector for accessing hyper-wave communications.  Finding a small yet amply furbished survival chest, they extracted an emergency hyper-wave set.  This had the problem of being tuned to emergency channels only.
“How do we use it, Doug?”
“I know a way to get the tuner reset to commercial bands.  This set puts out a signal in four emergency bands.  Its old, built for the first space civil war.”
“It’s older than both of us, then.”
“Let’s take it down to Jonesy.  He’ll know how to do it.”
They covered the yellow box in a canvas sack, and Doug put it over his shoulder.  They would have to descend below decks into the passenger barrel.  The cases of supplies had been left accessible for the miners in case of a shipwreck.  These three-person lifeboats could keep three alive for a month in deep space, waiting for rescue.
Bruce led the way down from the spine of the ship to the elevators filled with busy colonists.  In appearance both men were only slightly more disheveled than their non-convict counterparts.  These men had been hardened by a lifetime of prisons and camaraderie with the least intelligent of all criminals.  
The depressive gloom that haunted them both came from the fact that neither was truly a skilled criminal.  Low-security overflow prisons on colony worlds were a cost- cutter to the Terran planet's interconnected network of governments.  Their prison was run privately by a corporation that contracted with their local world’s states.
Neither man was deemed either salvageable for a profit or a great threat to corporate profits.  Their warden, a cop named Campbell, had made it known that money was the issue.  Funds spent on prisoners were funds not taken home by civil patrol officers.  The goal was to take home the money.
The other detriment to such imprisonment was that few could ever teach these two how to become truly excellent at crime.  With no teachers or aptitude to learn, their future was a dim one of risky crimes of the amateur type.  This pattern was soon to be repeated as they contacted friends on Medina Prime who taught them Candide’s architecture and lander operations, as well as most of the cover stories to hide a theft of an amount of anti-matter that could be removed without great incident.
These people Doug knew on Medina in turn knew other people, and a deal was proposed.  This involved the theft of a lander as well.  Candide was listening to all of this, and as soon as it was all done, did report to Hardesty.

*   *   *


The captain sat on the edge of the soft bed, listening in the headset phones to Candide’s report.  Behind him, Bowman’s nude body in the half-light of the stars was dimly visible as a group of curved forms. She arose to immediate suspicion over Candide’s use of the privacy of the headphones to deliver a report.  Her slender body shone in the starlight, highlighting the hourglass figure, athlete’s muscles, and deep brown hair and eyes.  She waited, reclining on her side, for Hardesty to finish his consult with the artificial soul.
“What was that all about?”
“Nothing much, Nicky.  Someone wants to blow us up, that’s all.” He turned and looked over his shoulder at the impish brunette woman smiling back at him.
“Oh, heavens,” she said softly.  “I thought it might be something important.” Her sarcasm was thick.
“Every run has its pitfalls.”  He sighed and smiled as the woman conformed to his bare back and wrapped her arms around him, propping her head on his right shoulder.  
“You gonna blow them up before they do it to you?” she whispered.
“That’s the usual thing to do, my dear.  I tend to put out a message that Candide’s not the ship to mess with.”
“Alan,” she opined, “No one could survive shooting at us.  It would be suicide.”
“Well then, you should never rule out how suicidal your opponent can be.  Now, who’s the old war hero here, love?”
“You are, Cap, she said with a wide grin.
“Got any suggestions, Nicky?”
“As a matter of fact, I do.  But before that, my ancient chief, I think we could get a little more closely aware of our more subconscious levels of relating to each other.  Will it wait until the next duty shift?”
“It’ll wait till three shifts from now.  We, however, could preserve our roles to the crew a bit longer than that if we don’t get caught embracing in the corridors.”
“So embrace me to death now.  I could really use it.  It’s been a long time.”
“Then let’s take a long time.”
“No one’s going to blow us up till tomorrow’s shift?”
He responded to her query with a kiss.

Chapter 14

The Roc, named for a Muslim fable about a mythical bird of great size, had been the greatest of all the smugglers, a Fleet-heavy cruiser lost during the first civil war under bizarre circumstances.  The ship was a colonial under a local captain and crew, the sympathies of her complement were not that of the Homeworld, and at the close of the first civil war she was part of the great mutiny that split the Fleet forever from the corporations (save those that built starships).
After the mutiny, the Roc had been called in to the Homeworld for refit.  The crew knew the politics were leaning against their region’s autonomy.  The call to bring the ship to base was also a call to disarm the provincial Fleets.  The larger ships would never again venture out into deeper space.  The crew boarded and embarked, but simply never arrived.
The Fleet had been aghast.  Even the mutineers, having won their fight for autonomy and now satisfied, were completely shocked.
The Roc had become the mutiny within the mutiny.  She headed out into deep space and was only glimpsed in events of plunder and raiding.  Now known as the “Dutchman” or “Flying Dutchman,” Earth’s greatest fears were materialized in the Roc.  The guard dog had become the predatory wolf.  She was twice the size of the destroyer, Vincent.  Three times the size of a corvette.  She had 12 heavy beam cannons, 30 other beam weapons, boarding launches, quantum bombs with launchers, and a variety of projectile and explosive weapons.  It was for good reason that most spacers called her class of war machines “pocket battleships.”

Chapter 15

MS-262 was clipping along at a brisk 220.5 light speeds.  Her magnetic funnel ex­tended forward to collect hydrogen when for a moment there was none to bring in.  By examining the dynamic of the empty space’s shape, it was clear what had happened.  Candide had crossed the trail of another ship.  Prior to Candide’s cruise through this region of space, another ship had passed this way.  A large ship, though not as large a ship as the Dutchman, or even a third the mass of Candide herself.
Lights came on inside the flight bridge and in several officers’ cabins.  The captain’s cabin was filled with a low light and an alarm was softly gonging out its call.
“We’re awake, Candide.  Status report,” said Hardesty, rolling upright.  Bowman rolled awake from sleep also.  
“Hydrogen rut.  Approximately one week old.  Ship estimated to be corvette or small destroyer.  No such military vessels registered in this area.  No private vessels registered near here either.”
Hardesty and Bowman both knew the drill.  The duty officers would be rising and reporting to the captain's briefing area just behind the flight bridge.  Bowman moved fast and went out through the captain’s cabin main hatchway, into her navigation area, grabbed two volume texts from a cabinet, and continued down to the briefing area.  If she had descended via the captain’s spiral stairway, the evenings romp would be common gossip amongst the crew.  Hardesty understood her semi-juvenile vulnerability, and slowed his pace to let her arrive fashionably separate from himself.
The room behind the flight bridge was entered through the pressure doors by the flight crew.  Halfway up the corridor to the bridge itself was the room between the pressure wall and the bridge.  The wall was there in case of forward collision wherein the flight bridge would be the first part of the ship to be destroyed.  In the event of a small collision, only the flight crew and their equipment would be lost.  The briefing room had ports looking into the bridge on one wall.  Bowman had strolled in nonchalantly with other officers and was awaiting the captain like the rest.  Her disguise was one of efficiency and discipline.  She listened to others ponder the significance of the reports.  
Hardesty drew himself up and moved toward his spiral stairway.  Usually he went through the briefing room to the bridge, but not today.  Upon descending the stairs, he found his officers exchanging words and charts on the hydrogen rut.  Bowman was feigning deep interest in a technical chart and its description from an officer.  She made a wry, quick moment of eye contact with Hardesty, and then returned to the chart and the officer detailing its aspects.
“Morning, Captain,” said Wills.
“Well, people, what’s the situation look like?  Engineering first.” 
Wills’ lover, Ingram, spoke first.  “We have a hydrogen rut with an identifiable helium trail from her drive.  Looks to be a second war corvette of the Artesia class.  Records are shaky on this type of ship.  Most went out of the yard before the Fleet began recording drive signatures.  This one’s not in good shape.  I’d say she was salvaged recently.  Makeshift repairs are clearly causing this radioactivity in her drive.  She’s probably got some very amateur people using her.  It’s really sad.  I hate to see good ships in the hands of complete idiots.”
“Well said, Ingram," replied Hardesty," I share your sentiments on ships.  This chart says the rut is 35 kilometers wide on a course to Plesius, with radioactive helium sprayed from Homeworld to Hades.”
“Yes, sir.  Radiation count varies on account of drive oscillation.”
“Harris, I want you to get the Vincent briefed on this in-flight.” Hardesty addressed his communications officer, a tall, slender mulatto woman with long curly blackish hair.
“Now, Sir?”
“Right now.  Go.”  She did, and left for the communications bay across the corridor.  “The rest of you, now.  What’s your report?”
“Our drives are fine,” Ingram said.
“Duties won’t change.  We’re shipping and not importing.  The colonists own all this gear, so it’s not a duties situation at all,” said Wills.
“It’s not a logistics problem either, Sir, until you decide to do something,” said Nord, the truly short man with the wiry build and sandy hair worn short.  Nord was well known for his alcohol consumption on the planet surface as well as in space dock.  Here he was sober as a stone.
“Section Chiefs dismissed.”  Hardesty turned them loose with orders to occupy them.  
Bowman sat motionless while the others left the room.  As soon as they had gone, she sighed openly and smiled at the captain.
“Alan,” she said softly, “the Vincent will be here in 20 hours.  There’s little to worry about, except perhaps that call you got last night from Candide.  Could you please tell me what that was all about?  Perhaps it has something to do with this corvette-sized rut in space we just flew through.”
“I expect it does.  What worries me most, Nicky, is that speeder of yours in the barn.  You sold retail for a group with known smuggler connections.  Whose side are you really on, girl?”
“Mine, of course, Cap.”
“Do you like it here?”
“Candide is Candyland, Cap.  I’ve died and gone to heaven.”  
“Loyalty is a very key thing on ships, Nicky.  Having a Fleet admiral for a father—you don’t need to hear all that again.”
“Loyalties, is it?  The smugglers I worked with aren’t foolish idiots who run a battered corvette to pieces.  Yes, I do know a few people here and there.  It’s the Fleet brat culture.  We like getting places.  We like our mobility.  Sometimes the only people who are really far out aren’t Corporate’s or the Fleet.”
“So you are a smuggler.”
“Not a smuggler.  Smuggler culture doesn’t mean you haul or raid or own a private ship.  I sold gray market goods of questionable origin on Homeworld.” 
“Cap, if you don’t trust me, then put my ship into the launch bay and I’ll leave now.”
“You’re on a contract to this ship and I’m sure the crew and officers would prefer you stayed.  The question is not one of your presence here but your intentions here.”
She risked answering on an intuitive guess.  “It’s the ship that’s in danger.”
“That is a real concern, Nikita.”
“The call last night was serious.”
“It was a real problem.”
“Is it still a problem?”
“It is.”
“And so now I’m the problem, because you don’t know if I’m to be trusted.”
“You worry Candide.”
“Is it listening to this now?”
“Of course I am, Commander Bowman,” chimed in the computer’s synthetically generated human voice.
“What’s the issue, Candide?” she said.
“At issue, Commander, is the fate of another ship out there somewhere which could become a problem for yet more ships.  I speak on behalf of myself and the other artificial intelligences that could be harmed if that ship continues to threaten ships like me.  Also some consideration must be given to the fate of the unknown corvette.  Cruder amateur smugglers often shut down the artificial minds or cause them great harm.”
“My first concern, Candide, will be this ship," Bowman replied.  "Before I share any data on my friends I have to know what will happen to them.”
“Captain, she displays the symptomology of a non-sociopathic of great health, but a slightly dangerous pattern of initiative.  It borders on classification in the death wish set.  There are some statistical anomalies that suggest a form of genius most unusual in women officers, but common in offspring of military families, particularly of the flag officer grade.”
“So Candide,” said Hardesty, “you’re telling me our Fleet brat here is a latent ‘master of disaster’.”
“Whatever tactical assessment Commander Bowman does devise will have features of great risk, but also high return of value.”
“She’ll push it to the limit and we’ll all get rich or die.”
“That is a fair assessment, Captain.”
“Well then, Bowman.  We will be reviewing your bright ideas, Candide and I...and if you don’t get too fast and loose then we’ll let you do your thing your way.”
“Acceptable”, she said in a vocal tone best known in her for the zeal she displayed when working with the ship’s weapons systems. She sat through Candide’s playback of the hyper-wave intercept of the convicts’ plans for stealing anti-matter.  When the briefing was over, she was quiet for a minute in concentrated thought.  Then she arose from her musing and asked Candide a question.
“Candide, do you have older military codes in your database?”
“My cryptography database has entries predating space flight.”
“Try the great mutiny era.  I’ve got a few ideas I want to try out.”
"Putting out feelers to ships like elder battlewagons is only going to be part of the answer," Hardesty said.  "But there is the possibility that this could actually work."

Chapter 16

In 2447, the second space civil war had begun only 20 years after the first.  A second wind, it was the corporations attempt to take back the assets and worth lost in the first war.  All it really accomplished was the corporation’s final divorce from the Fleet and the colonies.  From that point onward, the corporations would be taxed by the Fleet for visitation privileges to their dominions.
The first civil war had been colonists resisting the taxes called “asset reclamation” that were collected to pay off corporate investment.  The colonists discovered that the corporations had been paid long ago for their investments, and were now merely extracting pure profit and using Fleet weapons to extort that payment.
The colonists had refused to pay.  The Fleet was called out.  Colony world ships were armed with converted industrial equipment.  The Fleet drove them out further into the unknown.  Then, just as the corporations were about to claim victory, the Fleet mutinied and claimed all the territories the corporations had laid claim to.  The Fleet became an autonomous agency and the pact of planetary management by executive and space security by Fleet was set.  Only the huge resources of Homeworld’s corporations could provide new ships, or even the yards for maintenance of old ones.
That, of course, had been in 2427, after seven years of conflict.  The Fleet had acquired its own funds and yards.  It even built a new ship now and then, but rarely as grand a weapons platform as before times.  The larger vessels were guarded jealously for Homeworld’s defense.  Many vessels had been captured or liberated by colonists.  The mutiny had drawn a line between corporate interests and Fleet interests.
No matter how egalitarian or virtuous the words of the mutineers had been, the purpose of the Fleet remained essentially that of being an armed force used to pacify resistance by force.  That meant the underlying relationship was a mercenary bond to corporate investors.  The mutiny had, in truth, only achieved an autonomous status for the Fleet.
Ensign Hardesty had become part of the Fleet at the age of 17, upon the second civil wars close.  Assigned to the Fleet cruiser Lewis as a scout ship pilot, he had served there until the ambush battle at Tanhauser Gate.
The Lewis had been crippled there, so young Ensign Hardesty had moved on to an elite group of scouts that would coordinate attacks for bigger ships like Scharnhorst and Riga; class battleships and the carriers that brought up to three hundred landers and attack craft.  The job of his scout crew, the Air Naval Gun Liaison Company, was to move in close to the target and direct-fire beam weapons and quantum torpedoes.
After a particularly dangerous mission involving a quantum bomb, he was transferred out to command his own destroyer, the Leika.  When he had been first indoctrinated into Fleet and corporate beliefs, he had been taught all the accepted reasoning for his society.  Slowly, though, as he became a spacer, he began to see things in a different light.
Earth people had become imperial and misinformed.  The combination of entitlement and ignorance produced a violent intolerance for all things foreign.  Earth-born officers in the Fleet usually kept to themselves and adopted a superior manner that disinterested them in far-reaching journeys and patrols.  They became an insular society of privilege and prestige.  Connected heavily during the war to the entire Earth shell of influence, they rarely stayed with the Fleet beyond the duration of their contracts of service.  
This natural effect tended to weed out the pro-Homeworld votes from the entire Fleet, save the most local patrolling customs cutters.  The immense battleships never were out of strict control by the admirals.  Those men were spacers who had served in the first civil war.  They had served in the great mutiny, and would die before turning over such “ships of the line” to upstart ground-pounding pups such as came to the Fleet for a nice, safe adventure before enrolling into the corps of junior executives for entry into corporate life.  While the Fleet valued the Homeworld for its use as a trade hub, the planet itself had become a bit of an anachronism.  The corporations rarely used Homeworld labor or raw materials.  It was just a place for the corporate headquarters.  The real use of Homeworld was in politics.  
While Lieutenant Hardesty had commanded a destroyer, it was Commander Hardesty who was a lieutenant to Admiral Stowe at Antarctica Yards.  There he was the universal problem-solver of the admiral in charge of new ships for the colonial Fleets.  Stowe shared Hardesty’s acquired distaste for Homeworld’s hypocrisy and accepted disinformation.
Stowe had been asked about his adjutant’s opinion of Homeworld’s corporate society.  Since Stowe also was aware of the Fleet’s diplomatic needs in their uneasy relationship with Homeworld, he responded to his interviewer’s query with a cryptic answer.   “Commander Hardesty’s opinion of the Homeworld government is the only right one, of course.”  The interviewer had assumed this to be an endorsement of Homeworld, while in fact it was a shrewd insult.
After the war ended, Commander Hardesty moved on to demilitarizing surplus Fleet vehicles, whereupon he saw and bought a stellar freight vessel built for the first civil war.  Enrolled into the merchant Fleet, this ship became MS-262, later to become known as Candide.  Hardesty organized a crew and submitted a bid at the ship’s auction.  He resigned his commission and became the captain of MS-262.
That was in the year 2472.  He’d spent 22 years in the Fleet without realizing it and had decided to go out and see the universe.  He was 39 years old then.  That had been six years ago, and he had never regretted it for a minute.  Space was why he’d been with the Fleet, and now he had that space again.
Several groups had complained about the sale.  Accusations were made that Commander Hardesty had rigged the bidding.  Another said that the ship had defects that were faked in order to reduce interest in the bidding.  All these complaints went to the officer in charge, who of course was Hardesty, until he resigned and left the yard with his ship.  The people complaining were left with forms to fill out and Admiral Stowe to complain to.  
Hardesty was gone.  Stowe was amused.
Chapter 17

The troop carrier barrel with its many cabins was naturally becoming a social hub for 15,000 people, all bored, excited, and hungry.  The western bio-engineered animal that served as the ship’s food source was working 24 hours a day.  The creature indulged its fantasies and sang loudly in the trilling speak of its home world.  The dining area was as loud as a room full of amplified frogs during mating season.  People came and went.  The bulk of the people sought out the open space of the garden deck.  With satchels and chests of food, they basked in the artificial sunlight, warmth, and moisture of the garden.  Colonists never thought it odd to have a picnic and party in an artificial environment that was hurtling through space at over 220 times the speed of light.  For them it was the most normal thing to do.  Never waste a moment of air and light and happiness inside a huge space.  Odd though, for all to look up to where there was another floor with people standing on it, but upside down.  Inside the barrel that spun to create gravity, these people were looking at the other side of the same barrel they stood upon.
Families sat together or strolled.  Couples wandered.  Children played.  A group of amateur musicians had gathered a crowd.  A blond woman was enjoying the performance and trying to blend into the greater flock of miners in their fashion of clothing.  Piglet recognized Lieutenant Wills.  
“Hello, Lieutenant!” Piglet called.  Wills seemed startled for a moment by the girl’s stealthy approach behind her.
“Well, hello there, Miss Santori.”  Her cover was blown and the miners near her smiled at her embarrassed state.  “I was just trying to blend in.  I wasn’t spying.” 
“I know you weren’t, but it’s fun to make you so defensive.  You’re all outnumbered by us.  Are you a bit intimidated by 15,000 of us all at once?”
“Of course I am.  We all are.  We haven’t ever had this much company over for dinner.  The food machine is practically ecstatic over having all of you to feed.  He’s very happy.”
“I can tell that much.  He’s loud.”
“He loves you guys.  He tells the other bio-mechs that he wants to move out of the ship and cook for you all, wherever you end up.”
“We might disperse a bit for a while, until Thor cools off.”
“That will be at least a few years.  Right?”
“Not really.  The main area, where volcanic activity was, will be stable.  That’s not where we’d move back to.  We can mine almost anywhere on Thor in about a year, except where we were.  We really don’t want to lose the investment cost of the caverns.  You see, we can open them up in about a year and mine an area that is unaffected by the volcanic activity.  The caverns aren’t really neighbors to that zone.  The new zone we’ll be mining will need new caverns.  The old ones will make a good equipment barn for major overhauls.”
“So, the school you went to could get used to store loader skids and turbines?”
“It’s not that bad, really.  We always had flexibility to our design.  Some spaces are kind of sacred, though, the temples and the hospital, the theater.  Those are specialized, so the old base will always be used as a retreat or vacation area.  We don’t need to be living right next to the mines, anyway.”
“So nothing’s too permanent in the planning department, and you expect to find it all when you go back.”
“Under many tons of hardened lava, but yes, we do expect to find it all there, or at least most of it.”
“How do you feel about the move?”
“That’s something I was looking forward to talking to you about.  I’d really like to sign on with this ship and ship out with you all when Medina Prime is done.”
“Spike said you wanted to be a spacer.  Sure you didn’t overlook a run through the academies, Piglet?”
“Earth?  Been there, done that!”
“So you’re just a gung-ho, motivated, dedicated spacer stuck in miner’s clothes.”
“That’s about it, Lieutenant.”
The conversation was becoming distracting to the miners trying to enjoy their folk music.  
“Like, Lieutenant—maybe we should leave.  I’ve blown your cover well enough.  Let’s go find some libation.” With a smile, Wills responded with a “Yes, let’s” and they turned away.
They nonchalantly strolled to an elevator and rode it up to the hub of the barrel section where they took a tram down the spine of the ship to the engineering section and the drive itself.  Here matter was smashed and compressed out of existence.  Kuhfeldt drives used a magnetic bottle to contain their fusion force.  An open point in that bottle became the jet exhaust.  The toroidal magnets compressed the matter to either a power or a time-space hole.
When the tram stopped, Piglet realized they were in a zero-gravity situation.  She floated gleefully out into the engineering section.  Barb knew the way and led her to a group of lockers on a bulkhead wall.
“Hooch,” she said.
“Homemade alcohol?”
“Hooch, moonshine, barleycorn.  Those are all words for the same thing.  ‘Squeeze’ is what we call it.”
“’Squeeze, huh?  We grow our own opiates and cocas on our own hydroponic farm.  We had coca bushes as old as the colony.  They’re all gone now.  We’d put the leaves right into salads and other food.  Ever had cold coca-leaf soup?”
“Nope, can’t say I have.”
“It’s good.  It energizes you.  It’s served cold, very creamy.”
“This squeeze was distilled in a vacuum by depressurization.”  She smiled with pride and passed Piglet the bottle.  “Squeeze the bottle.  That’s how you drink in zero gravity.  That’s why it’s called ‘squeeze’.”
“Many thanks, Barb.”  Piglet took a swallow and winced, then squinted her eyes and shook her head.  “That’s smooth.  Powerful.”
“I think I can get you signed onto the ship.  Don’t get into any trouble between here and Medina.”
“Ohmygod!  That would be great.  I’ve wanted to ship out ever since we went to Earth on the Siddhartha Maru.”
“She’s still in service.  We see her every now and then.  She’s out in the Orion system nowadays.  That must have been about seven or eight years ago.”
“I was 11 then.”
“I’ll try to get the women to support you.  Then we have to go through the monster lady.”
“Who’s she?”
“Commander Nikita Bowman.”
“What’s her problem?”
“Fleet brat from hell.  I told you about her when you were on the flight bridge.  Ever since the captain hired her on, it’s been like living inside a war cruiser.”
“Is she that bad?”
“She’s hard to get a grip on.  She’s always got some funny deals going on.  She never tells you what’s going to happen until it’s over.”
“Sounds like an Earth executive.”
“That’s what we thought at first.  She makes money for the ship like a counterfeiting machine.  The captain really likes her.  He’s his own man and all, but if you don’t get along with her, then you won’t last long.”
“I want to last.”
“That’s good, then.” 
Piglet grabbed the bottle and squeezed out a drink.  Then she began to mimic a man by pulling her nearly meter-long braided black hair ponytail out from under her jacket.  She used this first to mime a man’s stern look with the hair tail placed as a mustache under her nose.  
Barbara burst out laughing.  “Oh stop it, Piglet.” But Piglet did not stop, and next mimed a hulking man with her long braid placed between her legs as a man’s penis.  Barb began to convulse in racking laughter.  Piglet continued her performance.  Barb couldn’t stop laughing for a whole 10 minutes, until she calmed down with a bright red face and gasping breath.

Chapter 18

Democracy in the spacer community was done with the Fleet watching from one side, and the corporations watching from the other.  In spite of this harsh vigilance, the spacers were the most liberated people in the known universe.  They balanced themselves between mutually opposing forces.  Criminals had been sent out to join the spacers.  Homeworld kept the truly revolutionary or ingenious, and gave to the colonists the petty criminals and sociopaths.  The attempt was to corrupt the vitality of the spacers.  These people, in turn, rejected the donated human refuse and put the convicts into the hands of the corporations again, like the Campbell prison on Thor 47.
The best end-product for the spacers arose from corporate ineptitude.  The social melting pot was turned into an intense furnace.  Deep space attracted the sharpest spacers and rejected the witless criminals hired by corporations to compromise the business groups of colonist communities.  These spies drifted to the trader world ports and preyed upon the weak or trusting.  This hardened the spacers, and strengthened their caution.  The culture became used to suspecting petty crime and harm, but left behind the fear of greater corporate consumptive expansion by assimilation.  The colonists learned how to spot muggers and thieves, but occasionally forgot to watch out for the corporate theft of an entire planet.
The convicts on the freighter that called itself Candide were of this petty crime network.  They had received instructions from criminals on Medina Prime to steal the mining explosive anti-matter.  Candide had intercepted every bit of hyper-wave data.  Bowman and Hardesty set a trap with Candide’s help.  The only deviation from their plan would be that upon stealing a lander, the ship would not wait a day’s time to detonate.  The convicts didn’t know the plan was changed.
Chapter 19

The Winona had been ambushed deep inside an asteroid cluster within a nebula cloud.  She’d pursued a rebel scout ship into the gloom, and had found a seemingly undefended freighter as parent to the scout.  The Winona’s crew had sent surrender demands which had been accepted.  Then, when the Winona drew up alongside, the freighter’s cargo doors had opened to reveal industrial rock cutters aimed at her hull.  The converted rock cutters were most effective beam cannons at short range.  
The Winona’s forward and center turrets cut the freighter trap ship into 12 pieces within two minutes.  The boarding launches attacked.  The launches had no mother ship to return to.  They were on a suicidal course to either take the Winona or die trying.  One crashed through the hull after a turret gunner killed the launch pilot.  The launch did what it was designed to do.  It cut into the skin and depressurized even the inner command core.  In doing so, it cut off all the controls to the drives and fusion torches.  The Winona was dead in space.  
Years later, in 2477, a stellar archeologist discovered her, and in his naiveté took as his porters a group of amateur criminals working as ship-for-hire transport.  He’d found records that came from rebel sources about the trap ship and this spot being chosen.  He’d checked the Fleet records and found the Winona missing in the same sector.  His body became frozen in a space vacuum with the Winona’s crew after the thieves realized the value of the ship.  Nebulas held many things.  There were many nebulas in which to hide many things.  Stars about to nova could sometimes be found.  Inside a nebula only 20 light years from the system of Medina Prime was such a star.  Not much was known of the stars inside these clouds.  Whole planetary systems existed inside that were shrouded with sensor-blocking matter.  The nebulas were the hiding places of the smugglers.
At that close nebula to Medina Prime, there was a ship moving.  It was a refitted Fleet launch nearly identical to the one owned by Commander Bowman.  It was similar because the modifications had been done by the same person.  That person was presently the launch’s pilot.
Chapter 20

Barbara had gathered up four fellow women officers and had awaited Commander Bowman’s visit to the captain’s mess.  The command sphere was designed for a crew of 300, and thus the main dining hall always stayed empty.  The smaller and more luxurious captain’s mess for officers had become the dining hall for all the crew.  Here, Monty held court in the tradition of the ship as a family.  Courtesy enjoyed a special boost in Monty’s domain.  Here Wills could ask Bowman about Piglet’s fate without fear.
The women had been waiting for the navigator for more time than it took to eat a meal.  When she strode in, she knew she was going to get petitioned for something.  She and the captain had been working in the barns on landers and anti-matter.  She found the risk and companionship to be nearly as exhilarating as sex.  The excitement calmed her and filled her with a sense of purpose.  It felt good to be working with someone she respected.  The people of the food hall, gathered with Monty as cook, were indeed family.  She felt the pride of a huntress returning with fresh game that was a secret surprise not to be told of just yet.
“Howdy, Mont.  Gimme some eggs and Tabasco.  Coffee ready?”
“Morning, ma’am.  Coffee’s up and the hens committee is about to ambush you with an adoption request.”  He rolled his eyes.
“So, you think I should just face the music and get it over with?”
“I think you should stall here until your eggs are up.  Get your coffee and keep me company.”
“How’s Sandra?”
“She’s great.  The kid's getting big.”
“Do you two want a birth in space?”
“Sure.  Candide can coach the nurse through anything short of heart surgery.”
“You know what the captain will do, don’t you?”
“Drop us off on the planet of our choice with a slice of that money you’ve been collecting.  You’re really gifted with the finances, Nicky.  I’m glad you’re not working for Homeworld.”
“As soon as the kid's old enough to stay out of trouble you can come back.”
“Kids aren’t ever old enough to stay out of trouble.  Even when they’re 26 years old, like me.  Your eggs are done.  Have fun with the committee.”
Nikita took the plate and doused the eggs with Tabasco.  With a look to Monty of “I know what I’m doing,” she whirled around and walked straight to Barb’s council.
“So, Barb, tell me about this new recruit you’ve found.”
“Angela Pignatti Santori, aged 18.  Miner’s kid.  High marks in all her stellar school courses.  She’s also qualified in asset valuation of ores.  Very gung-ho to space.”
“We’re not running an adoption agency, Barb.  Does she have any intrinsic worth to the ship?”
“Mascot would be nice,” Barb said sarcastically.  Then in a more serious tone, “She’s a woman.  We need more women.  She has a real education and we could make her an ensign within a year.”
“Sure she’ll last that long?”
Harris, the mulatto communications officer, spoke.  “She’s checked out on hyper-wave and laser wire.  We really can use her as a rigging monkey.  She’s small.  We can send her into paneled cabinets of circuits faster than we can tear the doors off.”
“She’ll get bigger.”
“But not for several years, and by that time she’ll either be an ensign or we’ll be rid of her.”
“We could use a rigging monkey.”
“Her file’s in your mail.”
“I’ll give it a look...”  Nicky said, through a mouthful of eggs and Tabasco.  “The captain will have to make his own decision.”
“We need more women,” said Wills.
“This one’s a girl, not a woman,” replied Bowman.
“She’ll grow,” said Wills.
“Indeed, she will.  For better or worse, she will indeed grow,” said Bowman.
Nikita finished her breakfast and reviewed the Santori file.  Most of what Wills and Harris had said was true and readily apparent.  The girl was indeed prepared and had great aptitude for all the spacing job specialties.  She’d driven mining transports and sub-orbital speeders.  There were mentions of teen hooliganism incidents and practical jokes.  Nothing too out of the ordinary.
Bowman called out to Candide and had a trace put on the girl.  Candide found her on an observation deck on the spine of the ship, looking out at the destroyer Vincent, which had appeared as if out of nowhere, matching speeds from hyper-light travel.  
Bowman rang up the comm terminal in that observation blister.  “Miss Santori,” Bowman said.  The startled girl looked around and upon seeing no one there, said “who’s there?”
“Greetings, Miss Santori.  Tentatively, I’d like to welcome you to the crew of Merchant Stellar 262.  Your formal contracts may be signed in the command sphere at 08:00 tomorrow morning.  Be advised that the captain may invalidate those and that your contract can be cancelled at any time.  As the Thor 47 mining compact has contractual claim to you, a representative of that group will be needed to witness the transfer.
“Will my Mom do?”
“That will be fine, Miss Santori.”
“Everyone calls me Piglet.”
“That will be fine, Piglet.  You’ll be starting off as a rigging monkey.”
“Fine.  Done that since I was 12.”
“Training will be offered in the operation of loaders and landers.  We use them as tugs now and then.  You won’t be doing landings for some time.”
“And what about the captain?”
“His worries are that you’ll get yourself killed, and your family will blame him.  He’s also concerned that no one should blow up his ship.  He likes his ship.  I like his ship.  Don’t blow up our ship.”
“I won’t.  I’m not dumb.”
“We’ll see about that.  You may get a chance if the captain approves.  Don’t screw it up.  Few ships are as good as this one.  That’s one of the reasons I’m putting this through.  I’d hate to see your potential wasted on lesser crews and lesser ships.”
“Okay.”
“I gotta go now, Piglet.  Good joss to ya, lass.”  Bowman signed off.  Joss was Chinese for a form of lucky destiny.  She watched for a moment as the dumbfounded girl leaped into the air in zero gravity and tucked her body in tightly, causing a rapid spin.  She came out of the spin and moved to an elevator and on down into the barrel to talk to her mother about the contract.


Chapter 21

Eliza McGuire moved through the dusty stone streets of Medina Prime’s main port city, Suleman, to a large stone box many years old....though it looked as imperious as the day it was built.  On top of the building was a low dome.  Below the stone platform that held the dome in place were columns in the front, and sheets of colored stone on the sides.  These colors were in rich marbled sheets of deep green and a rust orange red.  The columns in front were of a marbled blood-red with lines in a spider web lacing of white and blue.  All had been hewn of the native stone of Medina Prime.  The temple was simple to the initial glance, but meticulous in its detail and sense of balance and proportion.  
Eliza felt fortunate.  She had been chosen with an elite group of Suleman citizens to communicate with the local ghost.  These were the creatures that supplied the anti-matter the miners on Thor 47 had used as mining explosives.  She could only do this every month or so.  The entity of the Unionist Collective was a living being without a body.  It could adjust her body’s molecular structure.  It could adjust her brain chemistry.  It didn’t always do this, but when it did the effect could be draining, and leave her tired for weeks.  She needed at least a month to recover from the experience.  A poet, Eliza had been given this privilege of communion by merit of her work as an artist.
The ghostly entity was a creature without form that could constitute itself to appear as almost anything.  Other races near the frontiers of human space had met starships driven by anti-matter.  This substance was supplied by the ghosts.  They were able to travel between universal dimensions and acquire it from a transitional universe between the matter universe and anti-matter universe.  These beings called themselves the Unionist Collective.  That was not their true name...but their true name was not really known.  The choosing of that name was suspected by many to be an intentional effrontery to Earth’s corporate society.  The Unionists had a philosophy that seemed more important to them than most of the events of the human race.  
The humans found that they were surrounded by several other races.  All these others had already been given anti-matter by the Unionists.  Two races could manufacture their own anti-matter.  The secrets of the starship drive powered by anti-matter became apparent to be some pact between these races and the Unionists.  The humans were being forced to evolve naturally, insomuch as their technology allowed them to.  For some reason, the Unionists felt compelled to thwart any shortcuts in this evolutionary process.  Humanity had found itself inside a region of space that was in effect a stellar game preserve.  This status of being regarded as children living inside a vast nursery had been a blow to human pride.  Even more insulting was that the prizes to be sought were not given to Earth’s leaders of corporate investment, but were instead given to tramp spacers whose business compacts were more in sync with the Unionists’ obscure philosophies.
Anti-matter had been given to miners of planetoids if they agreed not to share it with the corporations.  Colony world shipyards were the only ones allowed to even examine the anti-matter’s unique properties.  It would be decades before humanity could engineer a drive using the odd substance as a power source.  The Fleet did not worry, for the balance of power was so far undisturbed.  As the miners had been chosen, that was inclusive to the Fleet.  
They felt included, at least.
Homeworld and its corporations were slowly being evolved out of existence.  The process the Unionists had chosen was of evolutionary slowness.  So slow, in fact, that the corporate battle plan for exploitation of space had barely changed since the introduction of the anti-matter.  At present, it was not a real fiscal threat.  

*   *   *
Eliza saw herself as a vestal servant to a spirit of great holiness.  The power of the anti-matter was only a part of what drew her to the temple.  In the sunset light of the city at dusk, the rich blue of the sky was blazing orange red at the horizon.  This bathed the temple in the rich orange light of the setting sun.  Her sheer cloth wraps were turned transparent in the strong sunlight.  Her trim attractive figure was one men always desired, but she saw herself as above the usual lusts voiced by drunken spacers.  In her genuine love of the arts experience, she preferred to attire herself as if for the inspection of a lover.  The spacers on the street and the locals couldn’t help but notice the finery in the wraps and the fullness of her body’s curves as she gently swayed, almost dancing up the steps of the temple.
Inside the colonnade, she approached the six-meter high doors.  She stood motionless as they slowly awoke to her presence.  They swung open slowly and she stepped inside.  She moved down a hallway with tall ceilings and a small circular door at its end.  There she paused and meditated until she had cleared her mind of the day’s activities.  She took off the hood, unveiling bright brown eyes set in white skin pinked by Medina’s sun.  Her breath was deep, heaving her full breasts under the thin wraps.  She relaxed, and tilted her head back, shaking out her shoulder-length dark brown hair.
After she felt that all was truly perfect, she began to sing long notes and mixed into throaty three-toned drones.  Shifting from the deep multi-tones into a higher range, she fused the languages of several human cultures and finally the trills of the western amphibians.  Alone she sang her long, slow song, heedless of the passing time in the dark, high-ceilinged hall in front of a circular door.
Finished, she fought the tendency to tense her muscles and relaxed in spite of what she knew awaited her.  Her song had unlocked the door.  When it began to part in the center and swing inside in two parts, a mist of gray-white fog came out to envelop her.  This was the entity’s greeting.  This was a sign of what was to come.  The ghostly entity entered her body fully.  From her nose to her fingertips, to the depths of her lungs and toes, the entity fully became a part of her.  Adrenaline and organic opiates were released, and she felt her nervous system caressed and massaged at the neurochemical level.  Blissed and warmed with a general euphoria, the feeling reached a plateau.  She became accustomed to the feeling of being in the grip of the entity.
While she had been distracted, the doors had finished opening.  She knew the entity would predict almost every thought or feeling she experienced.  She moved inside to a dark cubic room eight meters per side, with light pouring from a center point above.   In the center she saw a shimmering collection of misty wisps.  These mists gathered themselves into a human form; small, feminine, yet ghostly in transparency.
“Welcome, Eliza.  Have you any words to share with me today?”
“Yes of course.  Shelley, Keats, Byron, Collins, Mullgrave, and even a dash of Poe.”
“Tennyson was always your favorite.”  While the entity was speaking, it was also adjusting her neurochemistry.
Eliza moved into the center of the room and stood in the light.  Then she sat on the cool floor.  She knew the creature was changing her mind’s way of operating.  She laid down and curled onto her side, shut her eyes, and the entity was there in her thoughts.  The talk of poetry and philosophy continued for hours.  Slowly, the entity adjusted her mind’s chemicals to release every emotion carried within.  Her body felt the ecstasy of victory and the satiation of a feast of pure pleasure.  No human could find all the desires inside her mind and fulfill them all.  After her brain had been given every pleasure from within, the tour of consciousness did not stop.  Her mind was cleansed of all of its thoughts.  All of her recent memories and thoughts were brought before her for review from the perspective of the most complete satisfaction the human mind could have.  Then, while still in the curled position on the floor, she and the entity composed poetry together for three days.  When it was done, she remembered everything, every word and every second of ecstatic joy.
Chapter 22

With the Vincent safely alongside, the remainder of Candide’s voyage took on an air of festive tranquility.  Understated joy filled the ship as the wolves were suitably deterred.  The crews of both ships relaxed for different reasons.  The Vincent’s were pleased to have the drive of the Linz.  The Candides were pleased to have the protection of the Vincent’s and their ship’s firepower and maneuverability.
Throughout the Candide, the universal feeling was that of a sigh of relief.  The stars whirled by in rainbow hues of Doppler shift.  Standard radio signals were exchanged between the ships now a short three kilometers distance from each other.  Fleet spacers, merchant spacers, and miners all became one city in space.  Linked together at 220 light speeds, hurtling toward Medina Prime.
Other ships were moving toward Medina as well.  The former corvette Winona was moving closer to Medina to launch a lander.  This small ship was the original crew’s transport used a year before to find the ship in her nebular tomb.  
Within another nebula, a larger ship was arriving on station.  She had crept out of an asteroid cave only 20 hours ago.  She was very old.  She was the Roc.

Chapter 23

Medina was a hub of traffic for an entire sector and several other sectors even further out.  The planet had one real moon and two captured asteroids.  Her main station of trade was above at the Fleet’s space dock station.  Here sat the Linz without a drive, and a computer locked into madness.  One other destroyer, the Shturmovik, was out on patrol.  During the first war, a star-base had been put into orbit around Medina that now was the dock facility to all three destroyers; plus the passing cargo ships, passenger liners, and one stationary demilitarized destroyer called the Cunningham.  The Cunningham was now a casino, owned and operated by a man called Steiner.  Medina Prime’s space docks were largely run out of Steiner’s casino ship.
Steiner’s casino held every vice that the spacers tolerated.  Gambling, drinks, smokes, fights, and games of skill and/or chance were always available there.  This attracted the traders and cargo captains so reliably that the traders kept offices at the docks and agents were dispatched to the casino whenever a ship came in.  The docks and casino were preparing for the arrival of Candide and the Vincent.
Egg-shaped tugs with their four boom spars and fusion torch drives were moving cargo and equipment around the field of space near the docks.  The bulk of the miners weren’t even interested in the casino’s gambling.  They were going straight down to the planet’s surface, landings at the dry lakebed that was the town of Suleman’s reason for existing.  
The docks were an area, not just the physical docks themselves.   
The only ships in dock now were the mad-brained Linz and the Cunningham.  The cargo ships unloaded in space within sight of the docks, which supplied personnel and tugs.  The Candide would be coming in to unload, and it would be the crew of the docks to make sure that all went smoothly.  
All around the docks floated ship parts, tugs, and goods stored in frozen vacuum space.  These were kept in floating corrals for cheap warehousing.  Locked into orbit with gravitic anchors, these piles of trade value were obstacles to avoid hitting.

Chapter 24

The two convicts who had used the emergency hyperwave set to contact their associates were now descending into the Alpha barn, which held landers still loaded with the anti-matter.  Hardesty and Bowman watched as the two searched through the landers for the precious cargo.  The two officers looked through the electronic eyes of the Candide at the endless repetition of events that would have been the end of truly professional criminals.  The fiasco had originally been humorous, but was by now merely painful in its pathos.
Finally, at long last, the convicts found the lander that had been prepared for them.  It possessed a small amount of anti-matter as cargo and it was adequately fueled.  Its ship’s brain had been instructed in what to expect and what to do.
After the convicts had done their best to hide inside the lander, the officers left the over seer duties to Candide.  Computers never slept.  Captains and First Officers of interstellar freight haulers, on the other hand, did need to come to a halt.  Tomorrow would be a full day indeed.  Every system of ship’s power would be used to provide reverse thrust.  The drives would be faced towards the terminus point.  Fusion torches would be ignited.  Artificial gravity would keep crew and cargo from being crushed beyond recognition.  The ram tunneling effect would not be available.  Fuel for the torches was limited.  Reactors could not fail, or the result would be catastrophic.  The officers sought out the rest they would need to prepare for the landing.
For the next week, the miners’ equipment would be unloaded to the zone of space near the docks.  The miners themselves would descend to the planet’s surface.  Candide would be disgorging people and equipment for the next week heavily and more lightly for a week after that.
After the first few days, the captain and first officer would hand off most of the unloading duties to the cargo master, Wills.  
Candide and the Vincent flipped around at the same time and fired their drives using stored hydrogen for fuel.  Merely disengaging the black hole drives brought their speed down greatly.  Only a computer could handle all the myriad details in gravity to be calculated.  Candide and its brother on board, the Vincent, did all of this without unsettling a single glass of water in either ship’s galley.  Deceleration was just as complex as launch, but it was all in reverse.  Without these computers, the ships were stranded in slow sub-light speed.

Chapter 25

“They told us this would work,” said Doug.
“That’s typical; stick us with all the real work,” said Bruce.
“The codes on the door didn’t work.” But then it worked a minute later.
“Do ya think this could be a setup?  I mean, the door not workin’ like that?”
“Nah, just Fleet junk, "said Bruce.  "Takes a while for these pieces of crap to do simple stuff.  Just junk, that’s all.  Junk.”
“Yeah, yer right.  They put us on the oldest, crummiest pieces of flying stuff the space lanes got.  We’re probably doing a community service to blow up this rolling hair ball of a garbage scow,” said Doug.
“I’ll bet its computer’s gonna be real surprised to get vaporized and spread out over a billion kilometers.”  Bruce’s gave a gleeful smile.  Doug joined him in delight of destruction and began laughing.
“Those flamin’ miners will get the surprise of their lives when this tub goes off.”
“Some of our boys will get caught in the detonation, maybe,” said Bruce, in a moment of genuine concern.
“Most of them will be down on the planet.  Them guys that make it can enjoy having a sun go off overhead.  The city’s gonna get some of the blast.  Hasta be that way, or they’ll find this stuff missing.  No anti-matter cells to count, no crime.  Gotta be that way.”
“Yeah man,” said Bruce.  “Gotta be that way.  For us to win, someone’s gotta lose.”
“Gotta make them choices.”

*   *   *
The convicts had been taught how to override the lander’s flight computer.  Candide had redesigned the computer's information stores so the convicts would feel a sense of victory without the lander truly being under their command.
Outside the ship, the fusion drives were bringing the ship’s speed down rapidly.  The torches spewed out a flame spike.  Helium atoms were spewed out in a sun-bright flame spike cluster nearly 20 kilometers long, aimed right at the planet of Medina Prime.  Alongside, the smaller Vincent was doing exactly the same thing.  Two suns moving now at an eighth of light speed at full deceleration thrust.  
The space station port docks were in activity, firing up the fusion torch drives and magnetic drives for moving cargo.  Warehouse areas were rearranging cargo to make space for offloading the miner's equipment.  The egg-shaped tugs with their cross-sparred cargo hooks were preparing to move the freight and the big ships into space dock.  These tugs were a sphere of quartz crystal grown in space and sculpted into a ship form with a four-man crew complement.  They had the distinctive look of an egg of crystal centered in a cross of spars.  
The tugs could never land on a planet, nor could they handle true interstellar travel.  They could take station personnel to other ships, or visit one of the two captured asteroids.  Their fusion torches, however, were immensely powerful at the task of thrusting a large ship into space dock.
The docks themselves were a set of three long chambers; two parallel and one connecting, so the destroyers fit inside the space created in six berths.  The cruiser-sized craft could dock on the outer sides, one huge dock opposite the inner destroyer berths.  All these starships were cylinders with turret rings on the warships that could rotate independently of the gravity-producing barrels.  Destroyers were so small that the gravity produced by rotation was minimal.  Both destroyers and cruisers supplemented their rotational gravity by artificial gravity.  These ships usually flew with their gun turrets staggered into three points on a wheel for balance.  Forward, amid ships and stern turrets usually were positioned so the forward was at port low, amidships at center high, and the stern turret at starboard low.  The flight bridge was in the bow, like Candide.  Blast doors would cover its quartz viewports in battle, and the command crew would then retreat to the center of the ship.
Weapons did not merely include the huge beam cannons.  The quantum torpedoes were launched from the ship only when it was at ram tunneling speed.  The torpedoes used a ram tunnel effect of their own, and the drive of the torpedo became the warhead when the target was reached, releasing the explosive force of a fusion bomb that activated collapse of the wormhole.  Other weapons included close quarters projectiles, rockets and the launcher for the quantum bomb.
Delivering a quantum bomb meant opening a second wormhole out from the ship to one of its sides.  The bomb was dropped onto this time space track and slid with the gravity and speed of a black hole’s gravity well to its target.  During testing by the Fleet, a ship had opened three of these wormholes in addition to its drive wormhole.  The ship had simply disappeared.  No explosion, no debris, and no ship.  
From that point on, the Fleet had learned to use only one auxiliary wormhole in additional to a drive wormhole.  Even then, such manipulations of space-time were kept to a minimum.  The planet’s shearing force of the quantum bomb made it a weapon for removing planets, not targets upon the planets.
The convicts would be stealing a delta-shaped flying wedge lander with its folding butterfly tails in a crowded area filled with two destroyers, a Victory class war freighter, a demilitarized destroyer, dozens of tugs, dozens of other landers, and a half dozen stratosphere clipper ships for the human cargo and heavy cargo riding down to the planet’s surface on columns of anti-gravity.
They hoped for as much confusion as they could possibly get to slide one lander through all that traffic.
Chapter 26

As Candide and the Vincent came into range of the station, the tugs grappled to both ships and the tug pilots took over directional control, herding both ships into the eclipse of darkness behind the shadow of Medina Prime.  They were suddenly out of the harsh heat of the Medina System sun.  The station’s orbit kept it in shadow.  The darkness was a field of black upon which the lights of ships and tugs glittered in the further dark of the planet at night.  The dark reprieve was only temporary until the orbital rotation brought it all back into the blistering heat again.  The daylight would be needed to light the landing field below for the landers.  
The station hovered over the landing field, enduring the hot and cold shift daily in its high geosynchronous orbit.  Candide’s flight bridge adjusted for the change in light by a panel of clear material changing from dark back to clear.  This material in front of the bridge’s balconies would go dark at the speed of a nova or atomic bomb, protecting the eyes of the crew.  With the eclipse of Medina covering the ship, it was again as clear as it would be in deep space.  This was the time for the ship’s people to arise - and they did so.  Lander pilots readied their ships.  Communications filled the radio bands between planet, space station and starships.  Tugs hauled cargo directly from the rear cargo barrel.  Without waiting for the ships to roll to a stop, the unloading had already begun.  
Wills, the cargo master, ran the exodus from the rear barrel in a spacesuit with a jetpack and comm set.  She careened inside the airless void, selecting which machines to detach first and which to move.  Like a fish in a pool moving through the space, she looped and turned, climbed and fell.  Always careful to stay out of the way of the 100-ton ore loaders and rock crushers, she darted in and out, lit by the glowing spotlights on her helmet and the glowing number “17” on her chest and back.  The strobes on her suit’s backpack finished her ensemble.  
Lieutenant Wills was in her medium and would be for the next 10 days.  Subordinates could handle moving cargo of lesser value while she slept, but these days were her profession’s skill to barter.  Nearly 16 hours per day she was awake and suited in the cargo barrel, directing the flow of the miner's valued goods.  They had even brought their final shipment of ores and gems.
While she was working with the heavy goods, the lander pilots were moving miners to the station.  The first would go to be ambassadors to the trade houses, and their station representatives.  Many chose the casino ship as their place of rest and recreation.  

*   *   *

As the unloading proceeded, a lander left the Alpha barn behind the first batch of landers, moving at the same speed and direction as the others.  It did not, however, change course and find a docking approach.  While they veered off to the space station, this one continued straight through the station’s zone and toward the planet.
Inside were two convicts and a case of anti-matter cells.  Their ship’s computer was set to land the craft on the far side of the planet on another dry lakebed; this one used by the private yacht-building firm called Perini Navy.
Perini used this facility to refurbish landers until they could be sold as private ships.  Only the Fleet and a few industrial spacer firms could build the larger ships.  Everyone in space used retired Fleet vessels and older cargo vessels.  This put Perini in a strategic position as one of the better-known firms at the task of demilitarizing Fleet vessels.  Perini Yachts were the best of yachts.  Detail was meticulous.  Only the wealthy could buy from Perini.   Every convenience or whim was catered to, and always up to the buyer’s desires, no matter what it was.

*   *   *

“Cap, got something for ya,” said Bowman.
“What's up?” Hardesty turned, and upon seeing the blue velvet file book distinctive of a spacer contract agreement, he immediately knew what it was.  He took it from Bowman’s hands, opened it, and was aghast at what he saw.  “This isn’t any of our people asking for extensions.  It’s a green girl kid who’s never spaced.  You can’t be serious about this one.  You really want to put a girl kid onto a starship?  My ship, to be exact?”
“Exactly, Sir.  She’ll make a good rigging monkey for starters.  She’s got the basics for stellar cartography and has flying licenses.”
The captain moved a few pages for the applicant’s test scores and opened his eyes wide in surprise.  “Not bad, not bad at all.”  He read with one hand holding the contracts and the other stroking his gray-streaked brown mustache.  The captain was not a big man in stature, but was muscular and possessed chiseled features and space-tanned skin.  A thick head of hair capped off a man of average height.
He looked up at Bowman with a twinkle of approval in his eye.  “This kid seems to breathe spacer air.  If I gather this report correctly, then it seems your fear is not one of her inattentiveness at all.  From what I see here, the kid’s a touch too gung-ho.  Do you really want this one around, or did Wills put you up to this?”
“She was Wills’ find.  I approve.”
“Well, then I’ll give you both a tentative approval on this one.  Under one condition.”
“And what is that condition, Sir?”
“That you will keep her from saluting everything in sight, including the furniture.”
“Done, sir.”  Bowman smiled and reminded him to make it official, “Your signature then, sir?”
“Oh, yes.”  The captain pulled a pen from a jacket pocket and signed the approval to the contract application.  “It’s official now, for better or worse.”
“Crew morale needed this boost, sir.”
“Did we just buy a mascot, Bowman?”
“Yes, we did, sir.  A Piglet mascot, to be exact.”

Chapter 27

In the dark of space, a small ship could pass largely unnoticed.  Thusly did the Rustler’s shuttle move into the planet’s range and settle to land on the Perini Navy airstrip.  There it waited, drawing only a few curious looks from the Perini Navy employees who thought it to be from Candide.  This ship had come in a half-day ahead of Candide and was waiting for the stolen lander and convicts to deliver the anti-matter.
When the stolen lander made its appearance, they signaled on radio for the convicts to land near the Rustler crew’s ship.  The Rustler crew waited and watched as the delta-shaped lander came down with its butterfly tails raised in a “V”.  The wheels descended.  The rear landing gear touched down first at nearly 300 kilometers per hour.  The wings extended flaps that broke its speed, and it slowed.  When it was slow enough, its wheels engaged a gear drive and it wheeled over to the Rustler’s ship.  When the convicts opened their hatch and lowered their ladder, the Rustler’s crew greeted them warmly.  Indeed, these were people cut from the same cloth.  A sense of brotherhood that is known in the lower sectors of all societies prevailed here.  These two convicts had done the crew of the Rustler a great service.  The anti-matter would bring a huge price in the black market from Earth’s corporations desperate to keep the colonies from acquiring an edge of freedom.
The Rustler’s crew repaid this bounty of opportunity by giving the convicts ales and promise of a share in the wealth from the sale of the purloined goods.  Then the Rustler crew had one of its members fetch a standard tool of the piracy trade: a modified laser cutter.  He demonstrated its function and generated several impressive beams into the lakebed, which burned scars into the flat earth.  Then, with a deft flick of a practiced arm, he swung the meter-long cylinder around and sliced the two convicts into halves.  They were still alive in shock on the ground, so he swung the beam again, decapitating the two unfortunate errand boys.
They loaded the anti-matter, boarded their shuttle, and ignited their engines.  The shuttle climbed after a run for speed and leapt into the air, rising at a steep angle.  After they were out of sight, the stolen lander closed its own door and did the same takeoff, robotically.   All that had transpired had been stored in the lander’s memory.  This data was radioed to Candide, who presented it to the captain and his adjutant.
“Now, all that’s left to do is to have Steiner fix us up with some party favors,” said Bowman.
“I hope you know what you’re doing, kid.  Be careful,” Hardesty answered.
“I will, don’t worry.  Let’s see now, party supplies and check in with Tarkus.  I’ll make the deadline with time to spare.”
“Good luck, junior,” said the captain teasingly, patting her with approval.
“Thanks, and luck has nothing to do with it.” 

Chapter 28

Bowman had been a natural pilot.  Her father had started as a pilot and now was a Fleet admiral.  She chose to bring her Fleet launch down on manual controls.  The folding delta wings unfolded.  The V-tails rose from their folded-down position.  She caught the stratosphere after re-entry into the uppermost atmosphere.  Buffeting currents thrilled her.  The human party favors were not as thrilled as she was.  Upon landing, she disgorged them to an airstrip-guarded bar.  She tipped the guards to not lose her favors; strippers, and barflies.  From there, she took an aircar to the temple of the Unionists.  She strode confidently up the steps and to the doors.  They opened.  She went inside to the long hallway with the circular doors at its end.  She pounded on the door roughly and it opened.
There inside was a ghost who had presently taken the form of her own father, in full dress black uniform, all medals and decorations included.  The ghost was tapping his admiral's three-star-ornamented cap against his thigh with his other arm behind his back, looking at her sideways.
“I don’t have time for this fatherly stuff, Tarkus...what are the chances of mission failure on this operation?”
“Well, Nikita, your father would want you to take better chances than a 67% success rate and a 5% potential of your blowing a hole in the universe’s space-time.”
“Sixty-seven and five.”  She whirled and moved out both doors into the street and her waiting aircar, straight to the airstrip and out to the bar, collected the favors, and blasted off, up, and out into ram tunnel mode.  

Chapter 29

Five ships had entered the nebula recently.  Within the gas cloud were planetoids, a few stars, asteroids, some space junk left over from both wars and from exploration and colonization days, and a huge red giant star about to collapse and nova, leaving a white dwarf in its place.  One of these ships was the former corvette Winona, known now as the Rustler.  Shielded by debris and gasses, the Rustler would have been difficult to find were it not for the beacons inside of the anti-matter case.
The Rustler was hailed.  The crew of the Rustler was shocked their presence had been discovered.  Then they received a transmission congratulating them on their mission and wishes to entertain them.  The video transmission of the ladies from Steiner’s Casino beckoning them onward was very moving to them indeed.
Eager to enjoy their wealth as soon as possible, they signaled a meeting proposal.  Both ships were to move to this location, and both did so.  The gloom of gas and rocks kept both from seeing each other.  When the Rustler came out of the cloud, it entered a small cave of clear space within the greater cloud.  As they possessed weapons better than any carried by lesser ships, they felt supremely confident.  Until, of course, the other ship appeared out of the gloom into the clearing of the cave pocket.  It was a huge ship.  As big as a freighter.  Deadlier than a freighter.  It was indeed the former Fleet cruiser, Roc...the Flying Dutchman!
The corvette’s crew was awed.  Before them, emerging from the cloud, was the most feared starship in human space.  The massive turrets of the pocket battleship cruiser were at rest, pointed forward.  Nonetheless, they inspired immediate fear and respect.  The Rustler crew did not stop fearing even after the Dutchman’s invitation was repeated.  Nonetheless, the shock was overcome and the crew sent a detachment to investigate.
The small 10-man launch berthed in a blister on the outer hull of the Dutchman.    From there, the corvette representatives toured under guard the inside of the great monster.  They were complimented on their theft of the anti-matter and were welcomed into the smugglers’ fold.  Some stayed, and others brought the launch back to the corvette with the good news of their newfound status.  The envoys reported on the fineness of the strippers and the feast awaiting them all.  Soon, nearly all the crew was on board the larger vessel enjoying the foods, alcohol, and strippers that they believed in their hearts they had truly earned.
The final crew members of the Rustler were replaced by crew of the Dutchman.  It hardly seemed fair to leave them there with libation and festivity only a few hundred meters away.  The Rustler crew was attended to and pampered, fed, and entertained.  The feasting showed clear potential for lasting for days on end.  The waiters, attendants, and women all gathered for an award ceremony of sorts.  Costume changes would be needed.  Gleefully, the Rustler crew dismissed the staff in preparation for their ritual of welcome and award.
The only problem came when, after waiting an hour or so for the women to return, the main hatches into the room seemed to be locked.  These were indeed very locked.  There was no way out.  All the Rustlers crew could do was to watch the crew take over a launch from the Dutchman to their ship and watch the same launch come back to the Dutchman, presumably with the precious cargo of anti-matter.  Ships of the corvette class fetched a handsome price when restored to proper function.  

Chapter 30

“What’s the matter, Mom?” 
“This contract thing, Angela.  I was really hoping to see you go to school next year, rather than sign on as a freighter spacer.  I’m still concerned.  It gave me a real fright to be listed on your contract as a ‘next of kin’ and that I was to be notified in case of emergency.”
“Mom,” Piglet protested, “it’s not half as dangerous as mining.  The only inconvenience that’s real is that if I get killed, I might be on the other end of human space.  I’m not gonna be any deader there than here.  You’re just not ready for me to move on.”
“Well, there’s something you should know, Angela.  Two of the convicts managed to steal a cell case of our anti-matter explosives.  I’m not so sure these people are the most competent folks in the stellar freight business.”
Piglet smiled with curiosity, but this information did not affect her confidence in the ship.  “Did the cells get recovered?”
“No, they found a new nova inside a nebula that’s believed to have been created by the detonation.  About 25 lights from here.  It just went off in a way that was definitely not a natural occurrence.”
“So we lost a case of cells.  But now that the banking firm that Commander Bowman found is giving us free money, it seems to me the ship’s people do a good job of damage control.  We’re covered.”
“Ideally, Angela, we don’t like to have any damage to control.  You know what your father would say.  He’d say,”Do it right the first time.”
“Yup, that’s Pop all right.”  Piglet was half seated, half leaning on her mother’s cabin bunk with her arms folded over her chest.  Her long hair hung loose, out of its braid.  Its dark fused with her clothes, and she was one flowing darkness to the hem of her skirt.  Her mother’s gray hair almost matched her light blue woolen sweater.  The older Santori woman stood upright from her stooping labors and faced her daughter.
“Now dear, you know where we’ll be.  If anything looks like you’re not comfortable with the arrangement, we can get you home.”
“I’ll be fine, Mom.  This is my ship now.  I live here.”
“That’s what worries me.”
“The crew rents rooms at a place in Suleman called the Kafir.  I’ll be there soon.   I’m gonna get uniforms made before we ship out.  We could get together for dinner.”
“You can’t ship out without a going-off party.  Your friends would be devastated.”
Piglet sheepishly stared at the floor and lightly swung her head side to side.  “Do I really have to?  I was kinda hoping I could just slide out.”
“Angela, that’s not fair to people who love you.”

Chapter 31

Bowman checked her collection of bank accounts.  The money from the sale of the Winona to the smugglers had been laundered through a dozen companies and physical transfers of currency outside of any traceable connection.  She‘d set up a boarding school on Earth for children of spacers and a half dozen small charities, bought some property, set up a cushion fund for the Thor 47 miners and other colonists displaced by catastrophe, and created a synthetic friend whose untimely demise caused her to receive an inheritance.  She’d even caused a small account to become confiscated as evidence in a theft case implicating the Thor 47 convict prison director - a Mr. Campbell - on enough petty theft charges that the Medina Criminal Apprehension Department was holding him.  That, of course, would cancel his contract with the private prison company that contracted for civil patrol services to the once and future Thor 47 colony.  Campbell was finished.
Bowman had just begun.  She was already locating replacement spares for the refurbishing of the Winona.  She sat in a dusty saloon open to the hot Medina street.  On one wall was a video screen playing news on the laser-line networks.  A commentator appeared, speaking on the issue of anti-matter.  He was voicing corporate propaganda and listing Thor 47 as a double tragedy of irresponsible private use of dangerous anti-matter.  His implication was that such things should be in safer, more responsible corporate hands.  He mentioned the nova in the nebula.  No one could tell if a full case had detonated or if a red dwarf star had been touched off by just a cell or less of the precious commodity.  “The potential of that deadly explosive to be used against Earth society could spell the end of humanity as we know it.”  Bowman laughed as the commentator continued, “And great risk exists that someday some of this dangerous substance could fall into the hands of rebels or smugglers.”
Under her breath she felt compelled to respond to him.  “We’ll see what we can do,” she said.
*   *   *
Specialist Santori (formerly known to all as Piglet) walked out of the tailor shop a new woman.  Her dreams fulfilled, she now needed new dreams to be her goals on the horizon.  She checked into the Kafir.
No one but her school friends and colony mates called her Piglet.  They gathered at the Santori family apartment and gave her a send-off party that in truth lasted the entire week of the shore leave, and the week of unloading Candide as well.
On the second to last day of the leave, Piglet and her friends found a poetess giving an unusual performance.  Colors and images drew the group inside.  The room was gently whirling in color and sound.  Softly and clearly the feeling of the experience drew them inside.  
They stayed for what seemed like hours.  When it all stopped, a dark-haired woman stood and took credit for the art the colonists had experienced.  Her name was Eliza and apparently some of her arts training had come from the Unionists at the same temple where Thor’s mining group arranged its delivery of the explosive anti-matter.
Outside the theater, Piglet and her friends spied Commander Bowman and Captain Hardesty, with a blondish, stout man with spectacles.  Piglet’s friends embarrassed her by waving at them.  They waved back.

*   *   *

Out of hearing range of the young people, the hyperwaver and laser wire communications expert of Medina was speaking to the two freighter officers.
“It really went well.  They’re pleased.”
“We aim to please, Dave.”
“I’ll say.  A new corvette is a tremendous asset.  If anyone sees the corvette they’ll think it’s the Rustler crew.”
“Captain Hardesty broke in. “  I’ll get your people a list of ships to leave alone and another list of folks we’d like to discourage from using these space lanes.”
“No problem.  Retiring the Roc has really been the goal in the last few years.  She’s far too precious to use on petty business.  The locals here stole her to guarantee autonomy.  It’s a religious thing for them.  They’re really quite sincere about it all.”
“Is there anything else on the agenda?” asked Hardesty.
“No, that’s about it.  Shoving off?”
“Are we leaving, Alan?”
“It’s time, Nicky.  We should get back home.”
After a ride by ground car to the airstrip and to Nikita’s speeder, they took a ride around the area for scenery.  Enjoying the lush green mountains nearby, they chose places they’d like to build retirement homes for the time when they were too old to ship out.  Both knew this was only play, for in those years, anything could happen to Medina and to themselves.
At last, the delta wing rocket plane was flying back to Suleman and its airstrip in preparation for the blast ascent back up to the Candide, now on-loading equipment for transport on yet another run.  Out of the view port, Nikita glanced down and caught a view of the Unionist temple below.  She spoke at the entity Tarkus from her ship’s cockpit.
She said, “Five percent chance of a hole in the Universe.  Ha!”

“Return of the Dark Star”

“Captain, I hope you understand the gravity of this situation.  You have just pledged your loyalty to a pirate, a terrorist, and a very disloyal former member of the Fleet,” said Johannes Stokes.  His trim form filled out his stretchy jumpsuit leaving no capacity for misjudgment of his body language.  He stood, arms akimbo, revolted by the decision of his captain, his friend, his elder.
Captain Hardesty gave a resigned nod, “Stokes, I am informing the crew by electronic means.  They will all know the score when the shift is up.  I have ordered the third-shifters to be awake and part of the ship’s meeting at 22:00 hours.  I did not make this decision lightly, and I know it could disturb the peace in times to come.”
"You may have just started a war, Sir," Stokes responded.  "You know you have our respect and loyalty up to this point, but if this doesn’t wash we could lose a whole shift of the crew.  I don’t like it myself.  The Roc is not exactly a neutral party, and your choice to let Commander Bowman loose to do a deal with the pirate crew of a former Fleet heavy cruiser will leave many on this crew wondering whose side you’re really on.” 
“Guess who’s coming to dinner?” said Captain Alan Hardesty.
“You can’t be serious.  Bringing one of those pirates here, on a Fleet reserve ship?  Have you lost your mind?”
Hardesty directed his gaze out of the large quartz window in his office in the bow balcony of the ship, Candide.  "Out there is a new beginning, Stokes.  A new stage is waiting for us.  We can’t help Earth anymore.  The Fleet is with us Stokes.  The time has come for the Fleet to take a stand against the brandy and cigars of Earth’s portlies.  Executives never mapped a new star system or landed on a dry lake bed looking for gold and veld beast meat.  We did that.  Fleet is at a time of change.  This time is for healing old wounds.  The Roc is coming to us in the Yormagunder Nebula for her first Fleet rendezvous in over 50 years.  She is coming in peace and we will meet her with the same.  Commander Bowman is bringing Martin Baruku, their Captain, to have tea and discuss the future.”
Stokes snorted.  “We are hosting a pirate?  Earth Corporate may be evil, but we could get killed just for knowing this Baruku fellow.  Has Fleet cleared this?  Are we safe?"
Hardesty looked Lieutenant Commander Stokes steady in the eyes.  Their blue eyes met.  “Admiral Bowman is calling it a ‘reunion’ and a boon to the special projects division.  We have secret clearance to bring the Roc back into secret service with the Fleet.”
Stokes pondered the conundrum.  Had Commander Bowman brought her father in on this, or had the Admiral recruited her? “Then this is it.  This is really the end of Fleet working for Earth.  Fleet is going rebel?”
“Fleet is moving into exploration.  We are going to compete openly with Earth Corporate’s front.  It is the beginning of the end.  Soon it will be the end of the beginning.  A new dawn.  The Roc is coming back to her old name of the Dark Star.  She brings with her the recently-discovered corvette Winona and 13 other vessels taken over the last 50 years.”
“Then we have a clandestine Fleet ready for trade and exploration deeper into the hub of the galaxy?" Stokes paused, impressed.  "We are going into anti-matter country.  Other races that use our same hyperwave.  I thought you had a head full of wetware when you first told me about this, but now it’s looking like you at least have a shred of sense.  I want to hear what Nicky Bowman has to say about this.”
“The Commander and Captain Baruku will be in the officer’s mess at 22:00 hours.  We can talk then."

*   *   *

Ever since the Fleet's first construction, Earth Corporate had a tenuous hold on the outer systems.  During the first stellar war against the colonies, the Fleet had set out to meet the challenge of armed freighters and converted scout ships, and met the call to liberty by squelching freedom.  During the first stellar war the rebels were quashed.  Then the Fleet itself had mutinied.  During this time there was a mutiny within a mutiny, and the Dark Star, a pocket battleship, had disappeared into the gloom of distant space.  She took with her a crew of enlightened spacers, intent on creating a world of their own.  They reappeared twice a decade to seize and raid rich cargoes and discourage too much exploration.
She was rebranded the Roc, named after the mythic bird from Arabic fables.  Her crew was mostly from Arab countries on Earth, and she began a plundering career, preying on cargo ships and liners alike.  Now she was coming back in all her pirate glory to a world she had not seen in 50 years.

*   *   *

At 21:00 hours, aboard Commander Nikita Bowman’s personal launch, she and her honored guest were traveling from the Yormagunder Nebula to her home station, the spaceship Candide.
“So, Baruku, how long have you been captain of the Roc?” she asked.
“Six years as captain, 18 as crew” he replied.
“What is life like, living in an asteroid field?”
“We have a settlement and 13 ships to live on.  We have a planetoid much like Thor 47, where you just rescued a mining colony.  When you used the hyperwave with Fleet’s first war codes, we knew both you and Fleet would be listening.  We are only too happy to be of assistance.  We left the great mutiny to open up space for Medina Prime, and our original mission was a success.  We hope to reap a peace dividend and capture the occasional Earth Corporate devils.”  Baruku was a man of bearing and poise.  His light brown skin and red nappy hair, close cut, communicated an air of confidence.  "So, are your people still Arabic Muslims?"
"The young are mostly new anarchists.  We had the devil of a time when we raided the cargo ship, Thunder.  They got their first taste of alcohol, and the Koran seemed to fade away some, but they are good people.  Given a choice between Allah and beer, I am afraid they would favor the ale.  Nonetheless, both of my wives and my eight children and six grandchildren all contribute to the greater commune.  Marx would have loved it.  As much as I might criticize, they all get the work done, so I can't complain."
Captain Alan Hardesty was looking at the stellar chart and noted Bowman’s ship, a dot of light on a graph.  His bearing equaled Baruku’s for a Caucasian.  Both men were in their late 40s.  Both kept hair close cut, better for weightlessness.
He anticipated a harmonious meeting with the Roc's captain.  Both he and Baruku shared a caring for their crews.  They shared a drive for mission.  They also shared an uncommon caution about what was about to unfold.
The glowing light on the graph moved ever so slowly to the center of the chart where Candide, the spaceship, lay.  The mind living inside MS 262 was also known as “Candide.”  The computer had chosen this label after numerous ill-fated journeys during the first space war, beginning in 2420.
Candide had many friends for a silicon-based intellect.  Beyond compare was his friendship with his captain.  Alan had created a bond with Candide two decades ago when he had purchased his ship, MS-262.  Since then, Alan and Candide had hauled cargo from Orion to Cygnus–X-1.

*   *   *

The Officer’s mess was full, with everyone in its opulently upholstered swivel chairs.  
Commander Bowman addressed the gathering.  “What concerns this crew immediately is that the Roc is going into a form of retirement, or retooling, and will never again prey upon ships like MS-262.  We are at a crucial juncture in history when, for the first time, the Fleet is in a position to dictate terms to Earth Corporate and its predatory executives.  We have a cargo fleet of 13 ships unseen by Earth eyes for up to 50 years in some cases, and decades for others.  We are poised to remove an entire sector of space from Earth Corp.  The mere ability to dictate terms is key.  The tables are truly being turned.”
She turned her attention to Captain Baruku and spoke.  “Can you take it from there Captain?”
Baruku stood in the mess and approached the podium.  “We have co-existed for 50 years.  We have sent our young people to Fleet service and brought back people trained in the deadliest of professions in the galaxy.  We have trained for war.”
“War entails guaranteed bloodshed.  Because of this inevitability, the Roc is closing her asteroid cave and heading out into deep space - unexplored space.  We will leave behind the Winona.  She is a Fleet corvette gunship from 2447 and she can keep this system functional.  Fleet ‘special projects’ will keep the Roc on patrol and in a perpetual reserve status.  She is too big to be converted into a casino, like Mr. Steiner did to the destroyer Cunningham.  Simply put, there will soon be a time when the Roc will be called back to war against Earth, but for now she commands respect, and all of Earth’s scout ships, armed or not, will have no choice but to respect Fleet ships of our new Navy.  Truly said, the older ships of the line protect Earth, but now we can compete with more openness than in the past.  The age of speakeasy, grey markets, and black markets is done.  The ties to Earth are going to be cut forever.  Colonial trade is more than enough to pay for building new ships.  The shipyards will stay guarded.  Earth will be curbed and tamed.  Never again will workers off-world be forced to volunteer pay to pad an executive’s expense account.”
Captain Baruku paused to survey his audience.  The crew of Candide waited, receptive and excited.  “We left during the great mutiny to insure the autonomy of this sector of space.  We are proposing that the Roc serve as a deep space raider.  We can optimize profit instead of just maximizing it.  As for exploration, we can cover light years of space and meet other races head to head.  This is what progress truly is.”
Bowman added, “This means we have another colony to move and 13 cargo ships to ferry to Medina Prime.  Can we count on you, the crew of Candide?  Will you help us find a home for wayward pirates?”
Castleman stood and spoke.  “It sounds like a peace is being proposed.  There is no greater joy for a warrior than when peace breaks out.  It means that he can take that day off, and do no duty or service for anyone but himself.  If this lasts, if this works, we may be at the forefront of a revolution and not a war.”  He spoke to the crew.  “Can you tell me how you all stand with this news?  Who is up for another rescue to the Yormagunder Nebula?  Twenty-four, 25, 26 and three in atomic pile makes it 29; one more for me and Captain Hardesty and Commander Bowman make it 32.  That’s as unanimous as it gets, Captain Baruku.  We like the proposal.”
Commander Bowman spoke.  “It’s a relief to have you on our side.  There will be bumps on this road.  We can smooth out the difficulties as time goes on.  For now, it’s good just to have a beginning.”
She beamed, feeling the relief passing through the crew.  They chatted and ate and told jokes.  The urgency was gone.  Only easy duty remained ahead.  At least for the immediate future, things looked good.
Bowman turned to Baruku.  "After 50 years in the wilderness, your people need hide no more.  Welcome home, Captain.  Your people can breathe free air once again.  To all of your people we say ‘Welcome home’."


“The Game Preserve”

“Are you cavorting now?” asked Alan.
Nikita eyed her captain/lover and laughed flirtatiously “No, I am consorting and transporting.  What’s up?" 
“Here’s mail from the admiral.  Open it so I can see what your father sent you.  It’s shielded so I really have no clue." He handed her a six-inch square box, an inch thick, wrapped in brown plasteel.  
She looked at it and noted some symbols of hands and a dotted line.  She found a tab at the point marked by the hand, and pulled on it.  It unraveled and fell away, leaving a disk.  She placed it on the tabletop before her and it began to come to life.  In a moment she was looking at a hologram of her father in full-dress uniform looking directly at her.  She shook her mane of chestnut hair and asked “what do you want with me now, Papa-san?”
The figure spoke back, triggered by the sound of her voice and her touch on the plasteel envelope.  “You have been selected as emissary to a race of beings living outside your sector.  Your contact is your ghost friend Tarkus.  Your work on bringing the pocket battleship Dark Star back into Fleet service has won you some acclaim here at Fleet headquarters.  You are now ‘top secret famous.’  As you know, the Dark Star went pirate in the first stellar war.  By bringing her back with the clandestine Fleet of war prize vessels she took over 50 years, we now have enough quiet traffic capability to split Fleet off from Earth Corporate permanently.” Nikita shrugged.  She felt pleased the mission had gone well, but had been looking forward to some rest and relaxation.  The figure in black Fleet formal with oak leaves on the cap’s brim looked less impressive as a hologram, she thought.  Here was three-star Admiral Proctor Hargraves Bowman, the hero of the second stellar war, who had destroyed a small Fleet with a re-engineered ship drive rigged as a fusion bomb.  His ascendancy to rank had come as quickly as the surrender of the rebel convoy he had demolished.  The tables were turning again, and his daughter Nikita, a scant 28 year-old with petite features and white skin, was now at the center of Fleet politics.
“Everyone seems to be finding derelict spaceships," her father continued.  "Tarkus will tell you more.  E. F. S.  Shturmovik has found the wreck of the Osiris.  She was an experimental generation ship with a black hole drive.  She launched in 2225 and was never seen or heard from again.  She’s as empty as cold space, and your friend Tarkus requested you be allowed to examine her crew."
Nikita looked at Captain Alan Hardesty and said “Her crew?  Two hundred years later and we have survivors?  This is unreal.  Where have these people been for two centuries?”
“All I can tell you for now, Nicky, is that you have been asked for.  The captain of the Shturmovik will ferry your launch to the wreck of the Osiris and you’re on your own from there.  Good luck.  Your mother would have been proud to see you so agile and on your feet and I am proud of you too.  Congratulations on the success of the Dark Star.  Contact me when you return.”  The figure of the admiral dissolved to a small spark on the disk, then disappeared altogether.  
“Well, Alan, it seems I may be out of town for a week or so,” said Nikita, beginning to feel intrigued; even excited.  "I’ll contact you when I can, if at all.”  After an embrace and a kiss, she packed a satchel and prepared to catch a gravity tower shuttle to Suleman, the city by the dry lakebed, where she would find Tarkus, the ghost, and get her briefing from him on the fate of the Osiris crew.    
Beyond the porthole of the gravity shuttle, the space station faded from sight and the sky turned from star-studded black to blue, dotted with white clouds.  She looked down at the city of Suleman, watching the twilight creep across the dry lakebed and the towers, minarets, and the temples.
Commander Nikita Bowman had made a half billion credits already with Captain Hardesty on the ship Candide.  Her personal spaceship was paid for in full, even with its extra smuggler modifications.  Her small stature hid tremendous business acumen.  The crew said she made money like a printing press.
She was good, and she knew it.
Her curiosity was piqued and brimming over with questions for Tarkus.  He, Alan, and possibly her father, Admiral Bowman, all were beings of exceptional character; men she trusted, admired, and served with in a steadfast state of loyalty.
The towers of Suleman glowed orange in dusk light and blue in shadow.  She could see the stone cube with columns that was the home of Tarkus, the ghost.  Trans-dimensional life forms like Tarkus could retrieve anti-matter and bottle it up for small mining groups like the one Alan and Nikita had just rescued on Thor 47.  They had arrived barely in time to perform the quick getaway from the ensuing volcanoes.
Ebullient and upbeat, Nikita and Alan had dealt with the predatory Earth Corps and the last local band of pirates to come to an end of peace and profit.
The shuttle slowed at the last thousand feet distance from the gravity pad and extended its landing legs.  

*   *   *

Nicky put the grav-tower behind her and walked the four streets over to the cube.  The last time she had seen him Tarkus, he had given her a 5% probability of blowing a hole in the space-time fabric with the cargo of anti-matter she used as bait to remove the Fleet corvette Winona from its amateur pirate crew.  The prospect of a nice fee and peace as a reward drove her to yet another high-risk, high-gain, business deal.
She climbed the steps past the traditional Greek-fluted columns and entered the temple, crossing the vestibule to the round door where only song would open the portal.
“Transfusions and contusions, I swear I’ll never drive again.  Put in another gallon, Alan."  She sang and the door opened.
The round portal split into two semi-circles of green stone streaked with swaths of white and rust orange.  The marble gave way to dark with a gray mist.  
She went forward 20 feet into a half-light emanating from above.  Soon a nude female form of great weight and age took shape.  An obese, Venus of Willendorf appeared to Nicky.  “You are about to become the Alpha and Omega," it said."  My dear child, it could have been anyone, but of course it had to be you.  This is a new dawn.  You are what we have been working to create for 200,000,000 years.  This wait has not been in vain.  You are the first girl of Earth to be invited to your own museum.  The display case of the ages is yours.  Finally, you have all grown to such maturity that we can share your past with your future.”
Nicky had made mistrust and caution her standard practice; good qualities in an officer.  Rather to be pragmatic than court disaster.  Risk was her friend, but she always hedged her bets.  But she could never get an edge up on Tarkus.  He was pure.  
Tarkus shifted the ghostly form to a more masculine wisp of steam.  Now he was six feet tall and attired in Victorian frock coat and tails.  He directed the light to a small round ball of scales, like a serpent or lizard.  It was small, about three inches wide and dark green.  It floated in the air.
“What’s up with the green ball, sport?" asked Nicky."You lose track of what you were cloning and accidentally mix an avocado and a tennis ball?”
“This is an interstellar spaceship drive engine, Nicky.  It’s alive and has more sentience and brain power than your Einstein or Shakespeare.  It is a sentient, living bioastra dilator.  It is faster by a million times than your space time dilator or black hole drives.  My green friend can get your entire entourage to the wreck of the Osiris and from there to the museum.”
“So what’s up with this museum?  Show and tell in outer space?”
A new voice, unheard by Nicky before, emanated from the reptilian sphere.  “For 200,000,000 years we have waited for your readiness.  We have kept beings alive in their various states of evolution.  The zone of space you inhabit has been held as a sort of protected venue.  It is what you would call a ‘game preserve.’  We have been on your Earth, preserving everything from what you call dinosaurs, to hominids, such as your Zinjanthopus.
“Whoa, man, like a T-Rex?” said Nicky.  “Who are you anyway?”
“You can call me Zed.  I am your chauffer to the Osiris and Shefield's world.”  The green ball moved to within a foot of Nicky’s face and spoke again.  
“The survivors of the Osiris can tell you about their experiences.  Their captain, Earnest Shefield, is now 290 years old.  Most of the original crew is still alive.  Earnest has over 100 descendents.”
Zed continued.  “We don’t want to just disclose the location yet of the museum but we can tell you it is deep within the Galaxy hub.  I have a friend waiting for us on the Osiris.  I will be with you as you travel.”
Zed hovered an inch or so away from Nicky’s satchel.  “Hide me in here for the voyage.”
She lifted the flap and Zed moved inside the over-the-shoulder bag.
“Sorry Tarkus, but what’s up with the Alpha and Omega stuff anyway?  I’m carved out of Fleet and business school.  I’m not up for the whole messiah act.”
“You will find that out at the Osiris where you will meet yourself.”
Nicky rolled her eyes.  “As far as I know, I haven’t been cloned just yet.  I don’t suppose you’d care to be more forthcoming?  If you have bioastra dilation and can give anti-matter to miners, then this whole game preserve reality means the Dark Star's 30-centimeter lasers aren’t much good against a ghost or your tennis ball pal, are they?
“You will meet yourself in one hour’s time.  Tell me what you think when you get there.  Your vessel, the Shturmovik, awaits you.  Your launch is already onboard that ship and as soon as you ascend the grav-tower to the space station, you can board the Shturmovik and inspect the Osiris.”  
“Great, I have an avocado to talk with.  I guess it could be worse.”  

*   *   *



Through the windows of the gangway space and Medina Prime, Nicky regarded the spectacular view.  The oranges, yellows, and greens, of the planet below contrasted with the starlit darkness.  She walked the final hundred yards of gangway to the destroyer Shturmovik.  Its two laser turrets and fission-headed torpedoes shone in the bright floodlights of the docking cradle.
She was met by the ship’s captain, Lieutenant Aaron MacClain.  His tall features in Fleet black uniform mirrored the hologram of her father, but with less much gold braid.  
He ushered her to the control room in the conning tower.  Glazed windows of transparent quartz gave an impressive view of space and the rest of the orbital station.  
Here was a well-preserved warship from the second stellar war, still an impressive deadly link to a war of more heated times.
“Captain MacClain, can you operate your ship from here? I mean, can you fly her without your bridge crew?  We have some security issues.”
“Captain Hardesty told me you might have some unusual requests.  I started out as a ship’s pilot, as an ensign.  We can clear the bridge.”
“Thanks.  This shouldn’t take long” she said.
Captain MacClain ushered off his bridge crew and had the docking collars cast away.  He applied bow and stern thrusters, and slowly the great ship, five hundred feet long, began to float free of the station, then thrust out into space, past all the trappings, tugs, and warehoused goods floating near the space station.
Nicky opened her satchel and said “It’s okay to come out now, Zed.  It’s about time for you to do your thing.”
The green scaled sphere moved to hover near MacClain.
"Take her out to about 30 kilometers and tell me when we get there.”  MacClain applied two maneuvering thrusters and drove the ship out away from the space station.  After about five minutes he said “we are at 30 kilometers from the station.  Now what?
Zed’s ethereal voice replied.  “Watch this.”
The stars began to move in a circle of black.  They streaked into runs of blue and magenta.  In front of the ship grew a hole capable of swallowing the ship.  As it grew closer it blotted out the stars and the color streaks shown on the edges of the blackness.  The ship sailed smoothly into the dark cocoon and Zed said “Here goes something into nothing and back into something again.”
Nicky couldn’t clearly remember the next few seconds.  Her mind flashed back to the hologram her father had sent her.  Alan, watching as the glowing statue, had said “You have been asked for.”
When she snapped back into consciousness there was a sound emanating from one of the ship’s instruments.  “Radar!”  McClain said.  “We have the Osiris off the starboard bow.”
Nicky shook off the weird feeling and a shiver shook her.
Zed flew up to Nicky and stopped at the satchel.  She opened the flap, and he darted inside.
There in the quartz of the conning tower was a huge ship; three cylinders, 1,200 feet long with a 200-foot wide black hole drive hub.
“There she is, just as we found her," said McClain.  He pointed to the docking area on the back of the central cylinder.  The docking lights were on.  "I believe you are expected, Ms. Bowman."
“Time for me to depart, Captain.  From here I am on my own.  Have a pleasant journey back.”
She descended the ladders from the conning tower to the shuttle bay and climbed into her personal launch.  She waited as the bay was depressurized and the doors opened.  She looked up into dark space and stars then hit the thrusters to move the launch out of the bay and into the landing site on board the Osiris.  The lights on the quarter-mile-long generation ship were moving, guiding her into the dock on the back of the central cylinder.
Age in design showed itself as she looked at the lines of this ancient super-ship.   Lifeboats lined the sides of the main cylinder.  She noticed empty ports where clearly boats had once been.  
The great door to the bay opened and the guidance lamps now indicated travel into the depths of the central cylinder.  She worked three switches and her launch folded its wing tips and butterfly tails to create a more compact package.  Short bursts of compressed nitrogen acted as maneuvering thrusters.  She worked a lever at the control panel and landing gear descended.  The doors closed behind her and the compartment re-pressurized.  She tested the atmosphere and found it to be 18% oxygen.  A little rich, but not bad, she thought.  She opened the hatch and unfolded the staircase.  Artificial gravity kept her from floating away.
A door opened on a hatchway to Bowman’s left as she looked out of the pilot’s cockpit view glass and she saw what appeared to be a European woman, in a long white dress, with a cape and hood of dark, almost black, purple.  She glided up to the launch and paused at the foot of the stairway.  Her hood disguised her features.
Bowman stepped down the stairs to stop five feet away from the mystery woman.  Zed emerged from Nicky’s satchel and hovered.  The hooded one reached with a white creamy-skinned hand and pulled the hood away.
Nicky was looking at a mirror of sorts.  This mystery woman had her face, hair, and build.  She was an exact copy of Nikita Bowman in every detail.  The copy threw her head back and laughed a proud triumphant peel.
Nicky gasped and took a step backward.  "Couldn't you have just come as a Yeti or Sasquatch or something?" asked Nicky.
"We need women’s representation for this mission.  Men are statistically more violent and thus undesirable for such an important undertaking." She turned to the green Zed and waited for him to speak.
Zed floated before Nicky, his voice soothing.  “She is a shape shifter.  She can mimic anyone she wants to.  She, like you, has been selected for an important mission, and you will understand what this is about in a short time.”
“Got a name that isn’t mine?” Nicky asked of her duplicate.
“Call me Shelly the shifter.  It wasn’t easy to duplicate your form right down to the fingerprints.  I can’t mimic DNA and I can only hold this form for a few weeks before I need to rest.” 
“The reason we used the Shturmovik is that there were watchers at Medina Station and we needed to camouflage your exit.  When news of the projector dilation drive form of travel hits earth every carpetbagger from hell to Hades will want a patent on our little green friend here” said Shelly.  “Now, just pilot us out of this barn and let Zed do his thing once we are out of the Osiris’ magnetic fields.”
Nicky unfolded her wings and uprighted the tails.  Zed went through a countdown, and Shelly and Nicky watched closely as the background of black and stars was replaced by a black circle with streaks of blue and magenta stars.  Their light was bending as it entered the field of blackness, the field of travel.
Nicky operated the gas thrusters and propelled the launch into the black disk.  Within a moment they were completely inside the movement.  Colors shot by and ran spectras from yellow to red and blue.  She watched in awe as whole star systems passed by in jangled amorphous blobs of proto-stars and nebulas.  
After 15 minutes of a stunning galaxy light parade, the process began to slow.  They came to a rest in front of a circular field of stars.
Shelly turned to Nicky and said evenly “You must realize that the species Homo Sapiens were created in a laboratory, here on Shefield’s world, about 70,000 of your years ago.”
"What?" Nicky maintained her composure.  “Where do you want to land?  We will need a dry lakebed or airstrip of sorts.”
“Zed knows the way.  He can bring us down without any friction or inertia, just like you use a gravity tower.”
Zed said “I can take over, Commander Bowman.  As soon as we get you dropped off, I have an errand to run with your launch.”
They settled into a park square framed by streets that were white as Italian marble and lined with a people, furry and graceful.  They looked similar to the re-creations of ancient hominids.  Neanderthals, large and small, young and old, men and women, approached the launch and slowly gathered as a crowd.
“Here you stay, Nicky.  It’s up to Shelly and me to go turn on Earth.”
Nicky dropped down the stairway and descended.
“Zed and I are going to deliver the cure to 400 forms of cancer to Earth" said Shelly.  "It will be seen as something Messianic.  We will be calling it Jerusalem Medical and it will put a hundred or so medical companies out of business in a few short months” said Shelly.
“Thus the Messianic name of Jerusalem Medical "Zed added.  "We need someone to spear point this revolution and we choose to borrow you.  Be a nice savior and go see the stegosaurus or tyrannosaurus exhibit.  The Osiris crew will show you around.  One of my species will get you back home in about an overnights time.”
“I expect this will change a few things on Earth” said Bowman to Zed.
Zed trilled, evidently amused, said “oh, we want humans to handle their own affairs and equip their own Fleet, but outside of the game preserve, there are older races that don’t respond well to fusion bombs and lasers.  How you behave in the sanctuary is quite entertaining to us older types.  You are most amusing.  Your weapons, however, are quite meaningless here.  You are surrounded by stasis, surrounded by ancient evolution gone by for hundreds of millions of years.”
“So where’s the Stegosaurus and T-Rex exhibit?”
“On the other side of the world here.  You will need a new ship, too.  Your ‘Alan’ will be most impressed by a small lifeboat driven by one of Zed’s species.”
A mature, Caucasian man, tall, well-muscled, and confident in mood and manner, cleared a path through the crowd.  He walked confidently up to Bowman and said “Welcome to Shefield's World.  I am James Connor Shefield, Captain of the Osiris.  My age has been halted at about 60.  I am over 290 of your Earth years in age.  I greet you as the beginning of the new openness about the game preserve.  You are the guest of the decade.  We welcome you here with joy.  In a few weeks, the people of our crew who want to travel can do so once again.  This is the chance predicted by the mathematicians so long ago.”  He waved his right arm out at the crowd of proto-human hominids and said, “We have waited here to experience the openness with Earth for millions of years.  Be the first in millennia to actually see the museum and return to your world to tell about it.”
Nicky gripped his hand and a hearty shake.  “Bowman.  Glad to meet you.”  She looked out at the crowd of furry people gathered and said to Shefield, “Let’s go see that T-Rex.  I hope this 'game preserve' concept doesn't mean I'm on the menu as 'game' to be cooked," said Bowman.
"You can try a rifle on a Spinosaurus if you want to eat a baby.  You’re too important to become lunch" said Shefield.  
"Well, that’s a relief.  I think I could get used to being here.  This is nice.”  She looked out at two hundred million years of human development and marveled...
She disappeared into her launch and packed a week’s worth of clothes, booze, and tobacco.  In five minutes time she reappeared before Shefield and said “I’m good to go!”
Shefield said to Nicky “the cancer cure works in four hours from the time they get the drug till full remission.  Fast and fun.”  He paused and said “This should wake up their health services establishment.  It will be very enlightening to see what they do next.”


The Game Preserve - II

Shefield brushed a lock of longish gray hair from his brow and said to Bowman, “Your space time dilator lacks destination coordinates.  That’s why you can only get it up to 1,500 times the speed of light.  Our friends, the little green spheres, can cris-cross the galaxy in moments; rather than your years.”  
“The key, Ms. Bowman, is in knowing where you are going.  If you can envision a destination that you want to travel to, then you can pick out that location and focus your slipstream on that point.  Then it all just falls together.  Space time dilation opens a hole between Point A and Point B, and you move from one to another as easily as you hop from one square to another in a child’s game of hopscotch.  It does not fold space or rip a dimensional hole in space-time.  But it does create a hole from one section of space to another.  You travel in a hyperspace tunnel that takes you from Point A to Point B.  It dilates, as all dilators do, by raising space to open a hole from one spot to another.  When you know where you are going to, you can reach out and grab the future and its jump point across the universe.  We can even have some of your friend Zed’s people who travel across the dark to other galaxies.  They can reach out over hyperspace and literally lock into that other piece of space time, pull themselves over to it, when we all just drift and float.  It’s the difference between a raft and a motorboat.”
“So you have invented the jump drive technology that we thought would only come with anti-matter.  Then where does that leave us?  Do we need to get chummy with Zed and his folk or can we build some sentient computer that can do it all for us?”
Shefield looked intently at Bowman and said, “It’s a matter of wiring and design.  Zed’s people are left over from a war that happened over a half a billion years ago in the other arm of our galactic spiral.  Don’t get me wrong.  Zed’s only a few thousand years old but he was genetically engineered to transport folks like us.”
“So if we are all designed, then why have Earnest Shefield and Nikita Bowman been designed?  If we have only limited free will, then what is it that the human race has been engineered to do?”
“Now, now, Bowman.  We have not really got any obligation to anyone just yet.  During the zoo era, all of our responsibility was just to eat, crap, and sleep like an infant on display at the Zoological Gardens we have on earth.”
Bowman scrunched the lines of her face together and thought the words, “What’s next?  How can we tell this is all good for the human race?”
“I mean, don’t we have an obligation to investigate and be proactive about systems analysis?  I just negotiated an end to a pirate terrorist and his crew and Fleet of ships.  If you could create a peace between Zed’s people we could have a super STD drive on 13 tin cans.  We could rule the spaceways.  Better yet, we could share Zed’s bounty with the Fleet.  Still, though, I would have to say that getting to the outer Pleiades with an unforgiving Zed could make one feel unwelcome in a space many light years away from home.  I just don’t trust Zed yet.”
Shefield tapped his brow with a finger and said, “If I was in your position, that’s exactly what I would say.  It’s too good to be true, is it then?”
Bowman said, “At this point, I see all of your benefits and none of your drawbacks.  Would our interstellar travel be just a moving zoo?  A ‘Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey circus,’ moving by rail from town to town?”
“Look at yourselves.  The only travel you have done has been at the mercy of Zed and his people.  Have you been explorers or just tenants in a new world?  Has your quest met its end?  What of our quest?”
Shefield threw back his head and laughed.  “What do you think we do here?  Do we hunt a few of the T-Rex or Velociraptors and have a grand roast of lizard flesh?  Ha, ha, ha, ha.”
“No we don’t just live here.  It took the Osiris 20 years to get out to that sector of space where we first encountered Zed.  After they waited for two decades, they decided to share the joke with us.”  His expression drew quizzical.  “Just as you are right now.  This is your first taste of the true guardians of the game preserve.  We have friends here.  I get by with a little help from my friends.  We do this out of joy and not fatigue.  Zed does not keep us.  We are free to go anytime.”
“I know what will make you into a believer.  When you can visit the oracle, then you will know.  She is gracious and perhaps we can book you some time on her schedule.  She is really a great gal.  She is a bit cold even by my standards.”
Bowman looked at Shefield with intensity.  “She?”
“Yes, she, who else but she.  We are, though, taking a giant step backward to bring you into the machine.  You are all so backward.  Your Earth Corporate has been an enemy for centuries.  If you would only listen, you would understand how and why they will never victimize another million customers by selling substandard goods from off- world again.  The executive function of diluting potency and skimming of profits for those bonuses is never tolerated out here in the active family of the galaxy.”
“We are a family of farmers and merchants.  We have free markets and government welfare all coexisting.  It works well and there are only few, far between here.  The 30 centimeter lasers on your destroyers have nothing on a bomb of creation like Zed’s quantum singularity.  A whole solar system could fit into a point a million times smaller than the head of a pin.  Unleash that on a world and you have a hole in space time where there once was empty space.  In a quantum singularity you have less than nothing.”
Bowman was not satisfied with the banter.  She had questions and they just weren’t getting answered.  STD drives powered the hyper-wave communication sets on the lifeboats.  STD drives powered the physical travel motors of these same lifeboats.  The Thor 47 miners had a life form turn up in a gold deposit they were harvesting.  It had disappeared in a flash of an STD drive popping it out of sync with the universe and going immediately to faster than light travel with no run-up, no warning; it just popped out of existence on Thor and appeared somewhere else in the galaxy.  Assuredly the age of that life form was similar to that of Zed and his people.  Somehow it had been hurt in a war long ago and outlived the era of combat and political posturing.  Somehow it had been left behind.
Bowman tried to recall the stories she had heard from the miners.  Did it have a sentient living STD drive?  She ventured a question to Earnest Shefield.  “Is that thing the miners found on Thor 47 a part of this thing with Zed and his type of life form?” she asked.
“Zed and his people were not always so peaceful.  Like I said, they were engineered long ago to be living weapons in a conflict as vast as the stars themselves.  Zed and his race fought against your Thor alien to the death.  Thor’s citizen will find his worlds vacant.  The solar systems that gave him life are desolate empty wastes.  Nothing exists of his world anymore.  The survivors from his era are no more sentient than algae or diatoms.  Years ago, they were stripped of their weapons and devolved into being single-celled life.  All that they were has been devolved into nothing.”
“Come, come, Bowman.  You just got here.  There is more to Shefield’s world than a T-Rex or a talking green ball.  How’s your appetite?”
“Not bad, I’m famished.”  She looked at him and he did not seem to be at all the proud pontificating ancient captain of this rare industry.  There were many of the middle-aged to younger senior citizens.  The only thing missing was the truly ancient.  There were children and adults.  There were no clearly elderly people.
“Are all of your people ‘age-adjusted’?” she asked.  
“Almost all of us are so,” he said.  He waved his hand to indicate all of the people in the valley park of green and stone.  “We have almost all that we want here.  Whenever one of us gets older the decision is usually made to move out and go experience another world with one of Zed’s people.  Our old leave us.  We do have a graveyard here.  Would you like to see it?”
“No, it was just a thought.  What I have on my mind is a decision based on earth.  The corporate culture there has gotten so bad that the Unionist Collective is not giving technology to the rank and file citizens of the planet.  They pick out members of dissident groups and then these small entities get this huge responsibility to do a good job managing the gift of anti-matter.  Thor’s miners almost lost control of their project.  So much of the relationship now has unpleasant side effects.  We get some freedoms in trade for more responsibility, and we have the choice of remaining vigilant of our new requirements and we avoid harsh punishments given to those who fail to be responsible.
The extremes of success, and its vigilance, failure and enslavement gives us a choice between two almost equally time-consuming and demanding paths.  Those are better things to have rather than a corporate equivalent of a debtor’s prison and the opposite joy of life in riches.  We have savings and we can go anywhere we want.  I just don’t trust banks or the culture of an armed convoy moving from one gold field to another.  The corporates are worse than any evil we could find.  They destroy value and endanger all so they can profit by our deaths.  Never have Earth humans been so punished by Earth’s leadership.  The few that can climb out of the morass are tasked with being the freshest traitors to sell out the masses.  At least the miners have autonomy.  The best an Earth citizen can hope for is a form of middle-management selling out your equals for the freshest dollar that senior management can cook up.  Now, Shefield, if you can find out a way to protect the people from the preying ways of management, then we can cut some deals.”  She was spiritually exhausted.  Just talking about it all brought back every emotion from dealing with the corrupt space cop Campbell to the years she spent marketing gray market goods to Earth from the Fleet culture.
Shefield said resolutely to Bowman, “You stay with us for a few weeks.  Get a feel for the place.  Don’t go to the T-Rex’s side of our world just yet.  Get to know our people, and not just Zed’s people.  He was engineered to fight a war.  We are a much more simple creature.  We were engineered to be sentient and to have thought.  It is a concept you may not fully understand.  You have no requirements on you.  We already passed our galactic test.  We only have to be sentient and have souls.  We were bred to have feelings and be agents of caring.  Earth’s executives may have perverted that original tasking but heck, that was going on when I was there.  We had a narco-crash and corporate feudalism.  It wasn’t a very caring environment.  This is better.  Relax!  Get yourself a meal, play with some kids, and think about seeing the galaxy with Zeds friends here.”
She let down her guard a bit and walked back to where her new ship was sitting on its landing gear.  This was to replace the one Shelly and Zed took to Earth.  Her new ship was a launch from the Osiris.  The door of the lander opened up and she ascended the three step stairs into the cabin.  She found a bottle of Rigelian Whiskey and a clove cigarette.  She descended one more step and just sat there on the stairs, bottle in one hand and cigarette in the other.  By her standards this was using good sin-tax, alcohol, and nicotine.
She found her way to an outdoor dining area.  The temperature was a sunny lush 80 degrees with the smell of honeysuckle and roses.  The verdant green went on forever.  For as far as one could see there were flowers and ferns and palms.
She watched children run and play and careen through the crowds of adults.  People would bump up against Nicky but never in an assuming or deliberate fashion.  Here was a paradise of sorts.  Clearly people were traveling to the extreme ends of the galaxy with humans as pets or observers.  She did not know which to choose.  The harsh brutality of the Fleet, the dishonesty of Earth Corporate, or pirate load schlepper with Alan Hardesty and Candide?
She knew in her heart that it all boiled down to her desire to stay or go.  She felt the tug of Candide and Alan.  She knew Piglet would be safe on Candide.  Alan would make do without her, but for sure he would never be as profitable a deal cutter as she was.  She was the silver-tongued devil amongst the two of them.  
Here was paradise of a form.  Perhaps she could broker something bigger than herself.  Here was as big and tempting a deal as she had ever negotiated.  Her father had called her “top secret famous” and had approved the return of the Dark Star to Fleet service albeit without public knowledge or approval.
Here also was the missing link of STD drives using a “new to Earth” technology, giving it the first she had experienced of the legendary jump drive she had heard Earth scientists desire greatly.
A souped-up jump drive and dinosaurs.  What else did Shefield have up his inter-dimensional sleeve?
She walked out from her ship in the park to where the children were playing.  The kids were from all races and ages.  Here they had grown up with a galaxy, where she had a Fleet.  Being a Fleet brat had its advantages for sure, but folks like Tarkus and Shefield had vast tracts of clean pure virgin space to trek through.  Just like kids in a field of new-fallen snow, they proudly traversed the space that to them was new.
She walked and smoked, listening to the crackle of the clove cigarette.  It popped and hissed every time she inhaled.  A sip of Rigelian whiskey from the bottle, and her nerves were soaked and relaxed.  Here was the raw material of a great party.
Perhaps, she thought, she could engineer some profit from all of this.  Could Candide be part of Zed’s world?  Assuredly, Candide would love the adventure of travel beyond the constellations of her youth.  Here was distance and treasure.  They could trade and ship goods; they could show up like Marco Polo in silks and gold in Italy, 20 years after they departed.
How would she open Captain Hardesty’s eyes to all of this?  How could a peace with Zeds people as chauffeurs work out?

*   *   *

The next morning she awoke from the folding bed in her ship and walked out into the park.  It was empty, and she walked to a village.  There seemed to be a restaurant of sorts with many people.  Perhaps a hundred people were gathered and eating a varied selection of foods.
She walked in and saw a large board with writing on it, in a collection of writing styles.  In the upper right corner was Japanese and in the left of center was English.  She saw an item she just had to have.  It was a plate of Volcano Eggs.
She looked around and found a blonde girl in her early twenties and said to her, “What’s the protocol on getting food here?  Do you guys have money?  I mean, how do I pay up?”
“You don’t, we do this for the fun of it.  Believe me, it works.  Have you ever heard of communism?  Not the military and secret police form of soviet communism.  The real thing, where government just falls away like a snake shedding its skin.  We have that here.  My shift is going to start soon.  Come on in.”
“You’re the outlander from old Earth, aren’t you?  I can see it on your face.  We must seem a bit weird.  We are allied with preservers of many different stripes.  All of the galaxy is focused on Earth and us here.  They all want to know just how this is all going to work out.”
The blonde girl continued her talk.  “You are the first from Earth to visit us in modern times.  You are most welcome.  My name is Ellen.  Shefield’s my great uncle.  We have all had our ages stabilized.  I am about 67 of your years old.”
“Call me Nicky.  I am navigator of MS-262.  He is an odd master to work for, but I have put a lot of light years in service to his weird ways,” said Bowman.  “My master is a computer driving a ship.  My function really is being an assistant to him.  I cut deals with the human interface part of our existence.  I have brought co-build profit-sharing proactive optimization to new heights,” she said, and chuckled softly to herself.  “But you must know I do indulge in sarcasm now and then.”
Ellen directed Bowman to a line of people ordering food.  “We have the Marxist ideal of no real government.  Jobs get done because people like to work.  Our executive board volunteers janitor time to balance things out.  Not all the time, but once in a while you will see our great captain, Earnest Shefield, pushing a broom.  He has great responsibility to do, essentially, what you do for your ship.  He cuts deals with foreigners.  To us that means Wagerians and Kolo.  When we go trading to a bazaar in old K’shan we have odd things to sell.  We have had space ships traded to us just for small samples of DNA.  Of course we wouldn’t be anywhere without Zed and the Wamak.  You have your bio-mechs.  We have Zed and his folk too.  Without them, we would have given away the store years ago, and with his help we have engineered a place in galactic society.  The Wagerians, the Kolo, and the Wonck are all folks you will have to meet.  The bazaar is really fascinating.”
“So how do I get myself some volcano eggs?” queried Nicky?
“Just keep on like you have been.”  She grabbed a menu and a small tablet of paper and said, “Write your name on the bottom and use the phrase ‘volcano eggs’ in this upper section.  You’re next in line so make sure your order form is all filled out.”
Nicky followed Ellen in line and ordered her culinary creation.  Fifteen minutes later a voice called out “Nicky” and Bowman picked up her eggs.  Three poached eggs in a mountain of hash browns appeared on a porcelain plate.  Nicky picked up the plate and made her way to a table to sit and eat.  There were pitchers filled with hot coffee.
She picked up one of the smaller pitchers, operated the trigger grip and poured out a cup into a mug.  It was a taste of home.  No hydroponics in space.  This was the real thing.  Coffee and eggs were near the base of the galactic spiral arm.
Ellen followed her like a puppy bubbling after a child.  Nicky knew she was a source of curiosity to all here.  They dined on a delicious breakfast with good people.
It seemed to be a sacred practice.  Only Ellen talked directly to Nicky.  The others looked at it as a form of privacy.  They were remarkably respectful.
“I would like to talk to you, Miss Bowman,” said Ellen.  Both were finished eating and were now lingering over coffee.  Nicky rose and beckoned Ellen to leave with her.  Nicky did not want to smoke around the diners.  She lit her cigarette when she was a good 10 meters away from the breakfast crowd.
God himself could not have made her experience feel more surreal.  It felt good being here on a lost world a million light years away from anyone she knew.
And People!  Here were educated peaceful people living in harmony with a beneficent ruler.  A rule that was 90% leisure and 10% amusement.  Earth Corporate would never have an in-road to this life.  It was a paradise of sorts.
They would probably want her to quit smoking.  With faults like that, who needed anger?
Ellen spoke while Nicky smoked tobacco and drank coffee.  “Most of our people ship out to the innermost ring of the galactic hub.  We are welcomed in most places.  You have to understand that trade is a greatly different thing out here than it is for your people.  Your folk went from seafarers to a corporate culture in a half a millennium.  We got in on the tail end of three races with hyper-light travel.  They can travel faster than the speed of light, so they really have all that they could want just by fact that when you can build an FTL ship, you can also create a nice home and food for your clan.  We really don’t have a lot to better their lives.  To be quite honest about it, all we really are just as much a curiosity on display as the Captain pointed out yesterday.  We collect most of our operating expenses from what you might call the ‘curiosity factor’.  We live well, but feel like the old proverbs of your indigenous Americans, the ones you called Indians.  We are like Indians selling pottery made in Mexico and beads made in Japan.  You may not understand that analogy, so do you know of Art Brut?”
“Folk art made by the mentally challenged?”
“Yes that’s part of it.  It is an outsider art style.  Grandma Moses to Syd Barrett.  It’s French for ‘Raw Art.’  It has nothing to do with the American word ‘brute’.  We carve or paint or fashion any kind of jewelry.  They buy our stuff like key chains and watch fobs at an Indian reservation gift shop.”
“Why do you all rent yourselves out as the ‘good humans’?  I really prefer the ‘bad humans’.  I mean, you are on display charging for tricks at the circus where you are a trick pony.”
Ellen responded, “We lack grist.  We lack the edge you have honed to razor sharpness.  You are a predator and you aren’t afraid to cut a few throats to get what you need done.”
“I have walked away from my own execution on several occasions.  It’s an art form I advise you to learn.  Zed knows what I am talking about.  Your people are sacred cows being raised for display purposes.  You are the thoroughbreds while I am the workhorse.  Pig and butterfly respectively.”  Bowman lit up another cigarette.  “So where’s the tonnage for us?  My pal is a sentient computer named ‘Candide’.  He says this is the best of all possible worlds.  I think he really means we are the best of all possible people to experience any worlds.  Candide has a good outlook on it all.”
“We would like to have your friendship and help.  We have forgotten how to be aggressive.  We don’t know how to fight our way out of trouble.  All of our space travel is done by Zed.  He gives freely, but without him we are quite lost,” said Ellen.  “We need your drive.  We have grown soft here.  Our elders remember how to fight, but our young people don’t know how to fight for things that matter anymore.  We need folk like Earnest and the other original crew.  We need something for the second generation.  We have only heard stories about wars and corporations, racism and hatred.  We don’t know about fighting for survival.  We need someone like you to teach us those ways.”
“When I see 25,000,000 sols of electro-grade gold then we can talk about teaching you a class.  I rent out with my ship but I can tell right now you’re barking up the wrong tree.”
“You’re protected here.  Why do you want to space out there in the slowness of no Zed drive?  What you want is a field trip, and all I know is that if you survive to see another day, it’s usually because your friends are all in the morgue and you got to collect their pay so you could buy them a nice casket.”
“We could make it worth your while.  We have several billion dollars worth of electronic grade gold.  We could buy a ship but we want the experience of spacing on our own.  Can you help us?  We desperately need to have some challenge to our lives.”
“Like I said, you’d be clutter under our feet.  I like Zed but we need more than you can offer,” Nicky said.  “Now if you can get Zed to help us with the drive it might, just barely might, be worth our whiles.”
Ellen was bubbly with joy, “Oh I will tell Zed’s people immediately.  They said if it would be OK with you, we could take Candide into the hub.  You would be the first official Fleet ship to tour the galactic hub.  This is so exciting.  You will be amazed at what Zed’s people can show you.”
“I haven’t agreed to anything, Ellen.  Let me be perfectly clear.  Candide jaunts from star to star for profit.  We are free lancers.  We have a lance and we are free to hire it out to any lord or lady to fight whatever war is current for them.  That’s why it’s called freelance.  This mission you have proposed is filled with inconsistencies.  You say you have cash.  Who gave you cash?  One of Zed’s people?  Is Candide going to get sent to a shipyard to be gutted?
“How happy are your friends in the hub going to be when a ram tunneler comes their way by the slowness of a Black Hole Drive?”  We will be the lamb lying down with the lion at the sacrificial altar and getting vaporized, now kid!  I don’t want me or mine to get sacrificed on any day I have to experience.”
Ellen looked frustrated and lost for words.  “We need a cargo ship of your capacity.  Zed can get us where we need to go.  If you don’t believe me, talk to the Captain.  The Osiris is not set up for cargo.  We will bring her in soon, but we need to be able to move heavy equipment.”
“What tools do you need here in paradise?”
“We want to be able to modify ships here and install STD projector drives.  All we want is a bit more convenience,” Ellen said.  “The Osiris can carry about 2,000 souls and that’s about it.  We are now a city of 30,000 people.  We could open up space without your Earth executives or the brutal traditions of your Fleet.  We can create an analog of Zed’s bio-drive.”
“At present we need drives for 16 vessels.  We have 13 from the Dark Star’s piracy career, the Dark Star herself, and Candide.  We need drives for all of them.  Eventually we will need STD projector drives for all of the Fleet.  That’s about 300 vessels.  That includes transports like Candide, battleships like the Riga and the Dark Star and fighter-bomber carriers like Yorktown and Forrestal.  Heck, our scout ships really need an STD projector.”
“We can help you build your drive factory, if you can get us exclusive access to the hub.  I don’t trust the corporate or even ports of the Fleet at being honest to our causes.  We care, we love, we need the elbow room, and new cultures that our first 15 ships can deliver us.”  
Ellen said, “We can get all of the components here soon.  We can move 15 of Zed’s friends to ferry your Fleet to our weightless shipyard above our world.”
Nicky thought for a moment.  It can’t be true, she said to herself.  Then to Ellen, “You can’t be serious about this.  I have 13 cargo vessels to create crews for.  They will need a minimum of 30 people per unit.  That’s 390 souls.  Have any of your people ever shipped out?”
“With Zed we have.  We have been all over the galactic hub.  We can show you all of it.”
“I have crews for our ships already but each crew is going to need an STD projector drive plus 30 to just do the work.  Cargo installers, gravity specialists, food, air, space suits.  It all needs people to do the work.  Come to my launch.  I have some Rigelian Whiskey that we can toast to a new dawn in space.  Now if we can just keep those fetid rotting hulks from Earth Corporate out of the deal, then we can write a liberty contract for the Fleet.  You do realize that once the genie is out of the bottle then everything is changed.”
Ellen said, excitedly, “Your weapons are anachronistic.  Your battleships are only useful in the game preserve where we found you.  That is why we requested you, Ms. Bowman.  We heard of your talent for creating win-win deals.  You’re reputation precedes you.”
They kept talking as Ellen and Nicky wove their way through the crowd to the launch.  Nicky hit the cricket at her wrist and the door opened with an audible chirp.  She led Ellen to the liquor cabinet and poured out two glasses of the Rigelian Whiskey that she had sampled the night before.  They walked out and talked about the journeys both of them had experienced in their lives.  Nicky told Ellen all about the anti-matter escapade she had used to bring peace to the Fleet and the pirates of the Yormagunder nebula.  She laughed when she recounted the tales of the spacer criminals who stepped into the trap set by Captain Baruku and herself.  The case of supposed anti-matter had never been onboard the corvette Winona.  The convicts stole a dummy instead of the real thing.
Ellen laughed and drank more whiskey when she heard about the Winona’s crew and the party to celebrate their welcome into the pirate’s fold.  Just how the Roc had shared with Nicky how to find her after over 50 years on her own was one truth that Bowman would not share all of.
By the time the lords broke for a 10:00 ten a.m. coffee, Bowman and Ellen were chummy as college roommates; caffeinated, drunk and smoking up a cloud of Medina Prime tobacco.  They laughed and swapped stories.  Everything was fair game.  Politics from Fleet to smuggler to Medina Prime were all shared.
Ellen sat up straight on her park bench and said, “You must try a Sabo root cocktail!  It’s the ultimate preventative measure when you’re looking at a hangover.”
“Well, if we don’t find a Sabo root cocktail we could be a little headache prone,” said Bowman.
“Come with me.  Our village apothecary has some in stock.”  They walked out of the park and down a street with powered ground cars on either side.  They walked past stone buildings and to a red brick building with a glass façade.  Painted on the glass was an “Rx” indicating it was an apothecary pharmacy.  They walked inside, and Ellen approached an older-looking fellow with glasses.
“Sabo root cocktails for both of us,” said Ellen.
“Can you introduce me to your friend, Ellen?  I don’t believe we have met.  I am Artemis Strunk.  Glad to meet you,” He extended his right hand forward and Nicky met his with a firm handshake.
“Nicky Bowman.  Houseguest du jour.  With any luck I will get to introduce you to my apothecary in two weeks time.  I’ve never heard of Sabo root before.  What’s it good for?”
“It has many applications.  It is both stimulant and an antacid.  It works well for treating a hangover or other chemical destabilization.  It not only ‘floats your boat,’ but it sets it on an even keel and calms the waters around you.”  He continued, “It is, technically a benzodiazepine but it also does function as an energy pill for people who want to avoid amphetamines.  Odd stuff but very utilitarian.  I will mix you up a few and you can tell me if you like them.  Can I put them in a coffee drink for you?”
“Thank you, Artey.  That will work out just fine,” said Ellen.
He went back behind his wooden workstation and came back with what looked like two cappuccino drinks.  They were topped with white foam and shavings of chocolate.  The two women took their drinks and sat in a small dining area near the front window.
“This Sabo root is positively addictive.  It’s so good.  It doesn’t impair motor skills, and it wakes you up.  It’s the ultimate in a guilt-free stimulant.  If you are burnt out from amphetamines, try some Sabo root.  It is very cleansing.”
They lingered over coffee for 20 minutes then went out for a walk to find Earnest Shefield and Zed’s people passed stone buildings and people riding odd-looking beasts similar to a four-legged dinosaur.  They focused on a building just a few streets over from the coffee shop and went inside.  Its exterior was close to Victorian in its architecture and indoors its paintings and stonework pointed to good craft if not true artistry.  Somebody had made this a labor of love.
Ellen walked up a central stairway to a split to left and right.  She took the left into a glassed-in area with the name “Earnest Shefield’ painted onto the glass.  She walked up to the receptionist and said, “Is my uncle in?  Tell him I have the spacer with me.”
“I’ll let him know, Ellen.  Please sit down and wait.  A moment later she said, “You can go right in.”  She smiled at Nicky as the two women went inside Shefield’s office.
“Hi ya, Unk.  How’s life at the top of the food chain?”
“It’s fine.  Ellen, what have you two been cooking up?”
Nicky responded, “Some Rigelian Whiskey and a taste of your Sabo root.”  She started out by trying to hide a smile.  “We have ships for your yard.  Our people have 13 freighters and a corvette and a pocket battleship, plus my freightliner.  I am partial to Candide.  If and when you meet him, you can be part of something bigger than both of us.  Candide is a great ships computer.  I have only admiration for him.  He’s a dear friend.  He’s a decorated war veteran too.”
“We can fit out the Osiris soon that will take your 16 ships and add another to the fold,” said Earnest.
Bowman opened up and said, “If we will need equipment, Candide can do this for you.  We have a larger cargo capacity for hauling than any of the captured freighters have.  Our cargo drum is 250 meters wide.  We can even carry external racks for bolting and gusseting cargo into place on framework.  Getting a lot of freight into such a barrel is not easy.  Ellen here says you will need a fusion torch and a collider simultaneously.  How somebody engineered Zed’s people into being that combination inside of a sentient, telekinetic being, taking the form of the green ball we all love and call ‘Zed’, I don’t know, but I accept the fact that for the moment he’s on our side.  As you left Earth, just when things were falling apart, our friend Zed may have seen in you the best that the rest of humanity just didn’t have.”  Bowman sat down in one of the two chairs opposite Shefield’s desk.  He and Ellen sat down too.
“What can we do for you?” said Bowman.
“Hardware!  We need a collider and a fusion torch and a shipyard in space that can accommodate the Osiris.”
“Getting her there is up to Zed so don’t worry about that.  We need your tools.  Manpower is good too.  We have a lot of that here, but we can always use trained crew.”
“We always have enough chiefs and never enough Indians, if you’ll pardon the expression.  We need to help Zed in his quest and we want to explore the hub deeper than we could go with Zed and a lifeboat from the Osiris.  If we do this right we can take the Earth Corporate structure down to its knees,” said Earnest.
“Well, I am gone.  I want a lot of these things to happen.  I will have to put this case to the crew of Candide and crew of the Roc.  They have a shipyard and ships and we have big enough cargo capacity that we can ferry a torch and collider to wherever you need it.”  She paused for a moment and then said, “If we can get the help of Zed or his folk, then it should be easy.  When I hook up with my crew, we can have all your shipyard needs taken care of in two short weeks.”
Then she asked a question.  “Do you want the shipyard to come to you or do you want to go to the shipyard?”
Shefield answered quickly.  “We need your shipyard and we will fashion the drives here.”
Nicky responded, “So that means we go to Medina Prime to get your torch and collider built, and then back to here, and then to the nebular home of the Roc.  There here and there again.”
She said, “The real test is going to be getting a drive like this installed for Candide.  I hope the crew goes for it.”
“You go get your people ready.  I want to take Ellen here if you can spare her.  I will also need one of Zed’s people.

*   *   *

The next day was filled with activity.  The launch was fueled and stocked with food.  Ellen and Zed’s friend Ord were inside and strapped in.  They blasted off at dawn the next morning.  They flew over the planet and out into low orbit.
As soon as they could, they engaged Ord’s miraculous magic and the stars slipped by as if in a rainbow of streaking color.  They slowed to a crawl a light year out from Medina and engaged the Black Hole Drive as the smuggler modified launch.  Seven hours later they were docking on Steiner’s Casino, one berth away from Candide.
Bowman put Ord in her satchel and walked over through the casino to MS-262 and the mind that was Candide.  She boarded and went to the command bridge.  She found Captain Hardesty with Wills, discussing cargo prices.  As soon as the two saw Bowman they exclaimed “Nicky, what have ya done girl?  Medina Medical is hailing you as a saint for your cancer drug.  In two days 98% of the test cases are in full remission.  Two days, gal.  What the hell have you been up to?  And who is your blonde friend?”
“Her name is Ellen,” said Nicky.
“I am Barb,” said Wills.
“Captain Hardesty, glad to meet you, young lady.”  Both Wills and Hardesty fought over who got to shake hands with Ellen.  Barb won first shake.
“We will need to assemble the crew soon.  Can we get everyone here in a few hours?”
Hardesty responded, “You would know that better than anyone else.  Of course the answer would be six hours at worst.  Two hours if you swear to serve drinks on your pay stub.  What’s up, gal?  Your name is all over Earth media.  I kind of assume that person is not you.  She is curing cancer in your name.”
“Well, let me explain this to you two as a test run for the crew.  It’s like this. . .” 

*   *   *

Within four hours all of MS-262 were assembled in the officers’ mess or were there via video conferring from within the vast ships engineering sections.  All of Candide’s crew were in attendance inside of the hull of MS-262.
“What I have gathered you here today to be part of is very unusual.  I am asking for six months of your time.  The payoff is that we will be the first true Earth ship to visit the galactic hub ever.  Many astronauts have visited Earth for many millennia.  We have been stalked like a deer in the crosshairs of a hunter’s gun sight.”
“For the first time, however, we will be guests at the table of anti-matter.  Other ships, other cultures all use anti-matter to space.  Now we can too.”
“For the first few years our only way to space at the distance of 50,000 light years is with our friend Ord.  He was designed to be a biological star drive engine.  He can create a space time dilator projector drive.  He cannot only open a hole in space time but he can grip the other side of the pool and pull us all out and over from our side to his side.  He is the faster solution.  We have a few ships at our disposal so we can install drives as powerful as Ord here.”
“Say hello, Ord.”
Ord spoke.  “Greetings and welcome to your future.  I delight in visiting a past that was the sovereign territory of my people over 600,000,000 years ago.  Though a lot has changed, since then there are some constants that refresh our connection over and over.  You must promise not to shoot anyone.  This is an old rule, but since your people love to shoot everything, including each other, we must make some allowances for a culture that advocates building 50 centimeter lasers.  You also carry firearms and you eat meat.  Some of the races closer to the hub do both.  You’re not alone, but you can leave a bad taste in your contemporaries’ collective palate.”
“Welcome to the Galaxy.  If you accept our challenge then we can do business.  We need a collider and a fusion torch.  Both can be found at Medina Prime.  We need to disassemble them and get the pieces to a grav tower to ship out with Candide in 28 hours.  Can you do that?” said Ord.
“The final part to our endeavor is about to begin.  Would you?  Could you?  We want you to come with us.  This will be a long journey, but it could do a lot to bring our human race out of the shadows and into a new dawn.  We have many prizes and curiosities for your amusement.  Will you at least consider traveling with us to a few distant stars?  In simplest terms we need your help and it would be such a joy to work with you.” Ord finished his oratory and flew to just over Bowman’s shoulder looking something like the parrot on the shoulder of the Treasure Island pirate from children’s cartoons.
Bowman spoke next.  “We won’t be getting help from any of the galaxy’s other citizens.  The way the anti-matter club works is we have to prove ourselves at Faster than Light travel before we get let into the club.”
“We can modify Candide so he can do just what needs doing.  I know I have helped you all make money in the past, and this is riches and loot, but worth so much more.  We have a shot at getting out of the ‘game preserve’ and into the rest of the galaxy on their terms and ours as well.”
“We are about to be two crew gone to pregnancy.  Our numbers will be down by two in a week.  Can we put it to the vote?  Can we have your pledge to move out and see the frontier?  To that end I will give you five minutes to discuss with each other.”  She paused and strode out of the mess with Ord following in mid-air.
Hardesty followed her out.  
“Well, Nicky, you gave a good speech.  I think they’ll go for it.  The only question is will it be unanimous, or do we have to scramble and get replacements for the few who have no stomach for such stuff.”
They chatted more small talk while the mess was buzzing with voices.  After five minutes Hardesty and Bowman went back in.
Castleman stood and spoke.  “We have given your offer a serious consideration and we feel there could be some potent risks.  We cannot be abandoned by your friend Ord, nor can our systems for propulsion break down.  With that said we are in unanimous agreement and we endorse the mission.”
“The only question we have is ‘when do we leave’,” said Monty.
“Three days,” said Bowman.  “Be ready to space in 72 hours.  Let me say ‘thank you’ for your vote of confidence.  We will wallow in glory on this one.  I do need your help to turn this into profit.”
She said, “Let’s get going then.” 
Ellen was waiting just outside of the officers’ mess when Piglet moved through the doorway.  On her way out, she said “Hey there, Ms. Santori.  Can I have a word with you?”
Piglet was caught unaware and said “Yes, that’s me,” and stepped out of the flow of people out of the portal.  Piglet’s air was one of curiosity.  In a week she had learned the speak and faces of Candide, but was uneasy with someone completely new like Ellen.
Ellen thrust her right hand forward to shake.  Piglet met her hand with a smile.  “Ellen Tracey, glad to meet you.  You can call me any combination of those two names.  Are you going to come with us to Shefield’s World?  It means about six months of travel in the new sector.  We will be deeper inside the galactic hub than humans have ever been.”
“I will be part of the venture, if you will have me.  Candide and this crew are savvy wise guys.  They are used to deception.  I am much more common.  In comparing with their ways, I am much more plain.  Everybody likes to dress up for a party, but only a few people put themselves out there in front of their family or crew on a daily basis.  I like to keep a low profile.  Right now I am on rigging monkey-work here on the black hole drive systems.”
“I do like your drive.  It is slower than our bio-astra system, but you never argue with a black hole system.  It’s comparable to going to a social with your parents driving the grand car.  If your bio-astra operator feels hesitant to travel, you’re screwed,” said Tracey as she shook her shoulder-length, wavy, blonde hair.  
Piglet replied, “We are thinking of having Monty and Sandra stay on Shefield’s World for the birth of their child.  We would be in the mood to on-load more crew from your collection of folks.  Can you speculate on that?”
“We would be delighted to help out on both fronts.  We have a doctor, so the birth should go smoothly, and a lot of people from the old Osiris crew would love to do some traveling.”
“My name is Angela but you can call me Piglet.  When you start off, as crew like me, you are called a ‘Sprog.’  Then after you have been around awhile you become a ‘Sport.’  Then after awhile longer, you are an ‘Old Sport.’  Captain Hardesty has been spacing for over 20 years.  He’s an Old Sport.  Commander Bowman is younger but she has been spacing since she was a teenager.  She is also an ‘Old Sport.’  We, you and me, are juveniles so we are ‘Sprogs.’”
Ellen looked at Piglet quizzically and said, “I may look 20 in years, but I have had my growth halted at the dawn of my physical adulthood.  I am about 65 of your years.  I am also a grandmother with seven grandchildren.
Piglet’s eyes were as wide as saucers.  “You can’t be serious?  Can you do that?  How can I get in on that?”
“I may be a Sprog on your ship but I am an Old Sport on Shefield’s World.  We get hauled all over the galactic hub doing zoo duty and making the bio-astras look good to the rest of the galaxies’ people.  They are people too.  I might be going out on a limb when I say this, but they are a lot more ‘humane’ than some of the human people we have encountered before.”
“Oh God,” Piglet said, “I know exactly how you mean.  The executive culture on Earth is awful.  They are devils.  They used to control the building of starships, and with that in mind, they tried to get a hand or finger into every transaction that humanity ever thought up.  They are positively evil.  Our culture holds them up high, but behind that smile is truly a knife in the back.  My father pushes tools on Thor.  Earth executives would try to lure away good leadership crew from Thor with contracts for bonuses if they pledge to make the balance sheet look good without paying out any investment cash.
Ellen pondered Piglet’s words.  “I may be older, but I am quite a novice on all things political on Earth.  You will have to fill me in on all that.”
Piglet replied, “How do you tell if an executive is lying?  Simple!  His lips are moving.”  Piglet wryly smiled.
Ellen said, “We travel downtown to the hub center and we are the odd animals from Earth.  On the far side of our world we have pre-mammal life.  We have an entire food chain from ferns to T-Rex.  We even have pre-Homo Sapiens people from Earth’s hominid past.  One planet to house them.  One planet to find them.  The planet to house them and in the darkness bind them.”
“Where did you get that poem?” asked Piglet.
“A book written in the Twentieth Century by a man named Tolkien.  He wrote about magic swords and evil fighting the forces of good.”
“That sounds like us.  Only we fly in antique spaceships and we try to avoid failure of hundred-year-old machinery at thousands of times the speed of light.  I am sure we appear just as magical,” said Piglet.
“Well we transcend that by traveling at 100 times the velocity of you and our starship drive engine was created for a war a million years ago.  Our drive is alive and a million years old, and an army surplus left over from a war so old that the names of the belligerents in it have forgotten their own names.
Piglet said, “We met one of those soldiers a year ago.  He was buried in a nearly pure gold deposit.  He was using the gold to produce zero-point energy.  Like a massive antennae, he was drawing small voltage electricity from the gold deposit.  It killed ten of our crew by opening up its STD drive after it was discovered.  I guess it was curious at being awakened after so long a sleep.
Ellen looked Piglet in the eye and said, “We heard about that.  Your alien was so old we had almost forgotten about him and his war.  Very traditional warrior, that one was.  I can see how it could be a problem.  As soon as he awoke he thought the war was on again, when in practical terms he was one of the only survivors of either side.  The last of the legendary buffalo.”
Piglet looked back at Ellen and said, “Do they have buffalo on Shefield’s World?  I have heard they have T-Rex and wooly mammoths, but I never heard of buffalo.”
Ellen answered, “Of course we have buffalo.  We have all of the wooly mammals, including Mammoth, Wooly Rhinoceros, and a thick-coated horse typical of an ice age equine.”
“I would like to see that,” Piglet said.  “Let me give you a tour of Candide.  It’s rare that I get to be an expert.  I’m still a Sprog myself.  The rest of the crew showed me that same stuff I will show you now.  We have a bio-mech in a kitchen below decks on hub number three,” Piglet smiled wide and asked “What kind of bee does not sting?  What kind of bee does not fly?  A new-bee of course.  I got that chant fed to me last week, so now that you are new, I get to give it to you.  We are both newbies on this ship.  Welcome to here, Ellen Tracey.”
“Welcome to here, Piglet.”
“Oh and one more thing, Ellen.  , I have to introduce you to some squeeze.”
“What is ‘squeeze’?  Is it some new word for bribery?” asked Ellen.
“No, no, there is good Rigelian Whiskey in the officer’s mess, but we like to cook up a batch of alcohol in some of the vacuum pressure pipes near the black hole drive.  It’s called ‘squeeze’.  Come and get initiated.  I did the same two weeks ago.  Come, come.  I will show you the ship.”  She walked over to a communications deck on the right side of a doorway and hit a button.  “Candide!  This is Piglet.  We have a newbie on board and we want the grand tour.  Tell her about your war record.  Tell her about your bronze cross and silver star.”
That would take some time, Miss Santori,” a voice said through the com deck.  It was a synthetic voice and, though neither male nor female, it was rather musical.  It had an attractive quality to it.  It was Candide.
Piglet said, “We can go see Commander Bowman’s launch.  It’s a Fleet surplus model with smuggler modifications.  It’s way cool.  Amazing one might say.”
Ellen sighed and said, “Amazing would be a good word for it.  We could swap worlds for a day and we would both be amazed.”
“Let’s try a small sample of Commander Bowman’s Rigelian Whiskey, and then I will give you a taste comparison with squeeze.  Then after our journey is done to Shefields World, you will truly be a spacer.  Come with me and I will show you the way.”
Ellen replied, “Sounds good to me.  Let’s go.”
And so they went, with Candide lecturing them as they walked through the corridors.  Candide slowly talked to the two women about the space civil war between the Earth and the Colonies.  Neither Ellen nor Piglet had heard all the subtle details of how the wars had come to be.
Candide had extensive files.  He also had two intent listeners.  The trio was tied by a bond of mutual enchantment.  They had no idea then, but that enchantment was to last a very long time.  

