Blood Relations
Katherine X. Rylien
Copyright 2021 Katherine X. Rylien
Smashwords Edition
Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends.
This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes,
provided the book remains in its complete original form.
Acknowledgements
Many thanks to my editor, Karen MacLeod. I am also grateful to the many friends, online and in person, whose encouraging words meant more than they may realize. I can’t name all of those who’ve helped me on my journey, but I want to offer my particular appreciation to Ashley Tardogno and Paula Sklodowski for their insights. 
Cover Art

Main cover image by Stefan Keller from Pixabay
Blood splatters from OnlyGFX.com
Cover font: Loki by Ieva Mezule
Contents

Prologue

Part I: The House

Part II: The Keep

Part III: The Wars

Excerpt from Vicissitudes

About the Author

Prologue
I was twelve years old when the social worker brought me to the house where my mother grew up. Red brick, two stories high, and as big as a hotel. Surrounded by uncut grass and weeds. No other buildings in sight, except for an old barn. It's even worse than I thought it would be.
“Please, Miss Simmons, we can't go in there. It's haunted—there's like a million ghosts. Vampires, too. I'm not lying to you!”
“Come along, Renee. You've never met your aunt Luann, have you? I've spoken to her, and she's very nice.” She put a hand on my shoulder, urging me forward. I was crying.
“They killed my parents! I don't know how they did it, but they must've set that fire! You can't leave me here!”
She did. Inside, the dining room was big enough to seat thirty people. There were only half a dozen; my mother's sister, a bunch of old folks, and a little kid hiding under one of the long tables.
After we got past the initial awkwardness, I asked, “When do I start school? There's got to be a bus that comes out here, right?” That's when I'll run away. Miss the bus, hitch a ride, and get back home. I was a California girl. I didn't belong in South Dakota. My friend Amy was going to let me live in her garage, which was so full of junk that nobody ever went in there. It'll be like Flowers in the Attic, but without the weird sex stuff or the poisoned donuts. 
“You'll be homeschooled, with Kevin,” Aunt Luann told me. I looked under the table at my cousin. Half my age, if that.
One of the old men added, “You won't have to leave the house. We’ve got everything we need, right here.”
Part I: The House
1
When I walked into the kitchen, the first thing I saw was Dominique, sitting on the big butcher block table. Dominique died before I was born. Yet there she was, drinking from a glass of clear liquid, probably not water.
Luann was facing away from her, stirring something on the stove, shoulders hunched with tension. She didn’t look at me, because that would have meant turning toward Dominique. My family preferred to pretend the ghosts weren’t there. Which, in a sense, they were not. My eleven-year-old cousin, Kevin, was breaking eggs into a bowl, showing no sign that he was aware of our intangible visitor.
Or, visitors? A young woman with gorgeous dark curls and red lipstick stood at the sink, cleaning potatoes. I’d never seen her before. She glanced up at me for a moment, dropped her eyes, and resumed her vigorous scrubbing.
Dominique turned and saw me standing near the door, and raised her glass in a toast. “So many ghosts! Whose ghost are you, little boy?”
Kevin giggled, earning a deadly look from his mother, Luann. Dominique turned and looked at him. “Can you hear me, little ghost?” Kevin stared into his bowl of eggs. “Ah, you can’t. Poor little thing.” She took another sip from her glass, and looked over at the sink. “You, new girl! Where did you come from?” The new girl kept her eyes on her work. I guess the ghosts are ignoring each other, now.
As for Dominique thinking I was a boy, that was understandable. One sweltering day the previous summer, I’d let Luann cut my hair, and she’d gotten carried away. A year later, it had only grown a couple of inches. I hadn’t gained much height since moving to the house, either, and I hadn’t started my period until I was nearly seventeen. Nothing worked quite the way it was supposed to in that place.
I went over and ruffled Kevin’s hair. I knew he was beating himself up for laughing. Kevin was slight and dark-haired, like me, and rather intense. At least he was growing at a normal rate and looked his age. 
Dominique tilted her head back to finish her drink, and took another look around the room. “Merde,” she remarked, and vanished.
Luann looked up at me as if I’d just arrived. “Renee, good morning! You can help Marya with the potatoes. She’s a friend of Wilbur’s, and she’s going to be staying with us for a while. I put her in the room next to Kevin’s.” The woman at the sink gave me a little wave. Not a ghost, after all.
We never have guests. Not ever. I glanced at the door to the cellar. It was closed. I wasn’t really expecting to see Uncle Wilbur emerge from it; he was a vampire, and it was well past dawn.
I walked over to the sink. Marya offered me a freshly washed potato. I took it, wondering if I should offer to shake hands. I wasn’t very good at meeting new people, because I didn’t get much practice. “Welcome, I’m Renee. Renee Cadieux-Smith. I’ll be nineteen in October.” It sounded childish, but if I didn’t make some reference to my age, she’d assume I was much younger. 
She gave me an appraising look, possibly discarding a first impression of me as Kevin’s slightly older brother. “Hi, Renee.”
“So, Marya, where do you know Wilbur from?”
“I work at Good Morning, Sunshine. You know where that is?”
I shook my head. It sounded like an unlikely place to encounter Uncle Wilbur.
“Hmm. Yeah, he said you guys don’t get out much. It’s a little coffee place in town, across from the park.”
“So Wilbur just dropped in to grab a cup of coffee?” I was prepared to re-evaluate the little I knew, or thought I knew, about vampires.
Marya laughed. “Well, his friends do, the ones he does business with. We’re open late, and they sit in the back for their meetings. The rest of them get coffee, and Willy, well, he eventually grabbed me.” She gave me a brilliant smile, teeth looking particularly white against the bright red of her lipstick. I found myself wanting to check her neck for suspicious marks, but there were all those curls in the way. I’m seriously jealous of that hair.
And, Willy? Certainly the first time I’d heard anybody call him that. Wilbur was older than Aunt Ada, even if he didn’t look it, and possessed a certain innate dignity. When he left the house, he was usually wearing a tie, at the very least, and often a suit jacket. I’d never realized he was headed for business meetings at the back of a coffee shop called Good Morning, Sunshine.
In a low voice, Marya asked, “So, the ghosts, we’re supposed to pretend we don’t see them? I think they’re cool. I wasn’t sure if Willy was pulling my leg. I hadn’t seen any of them until just now.”
“We don’t see them all the time. They’re more active some days than others. But, yeah, the older folks won’t like it if you talk to them. If we do, they tend to come around more.”
“Gotcha. I’ll try and remember that. I really appreciate getting to stay here. I have three housemates, and things were getting too crazy there. They were getting too crazy.”
What happened to Imogene? I’d seen her visiting Wilbur from time to time, and had always thought she was his girlfriend. Tall, pale, and thin, she’d stayed down in the cellar with him, not upstairs in one of the rooms, and had never joined us for breakfast or any other meal. Did he ditch her for this girl from the coffee shop?
—
As Marya and I walked upstairs after breakfast, little Robert, barely more than a toddler, dashed across the mezzanine that overlooked the grand foyer. Marya paused to stare after him. “I didn’t realize there was a little girl living here! Is she Luann’s?”
“Just another ghost. That’s Robert. Boys used to dress like that.”
Her smile faded. “How did he die?” 
“Old age, I guess. Way before my time. For whatever reason, that image got stuck and keeps replaying. It’s not like Dominique. She could see us.”
“Wilbur said the ghosts were because of… what did he call it?”
“The cotemporal field.” As we passed through the upstairs lounge, I pointed to the pair of portraits hanging on the wall between two of the big front windows. “Grandpa Larson’s invention, although he was really more like my great, great, great-grandfather. He made all the rules, too, about none of us leaving the house. He disappeared, but his wife, Helene, kept things the way he wanted them. The way they still are. She always said Larson would be back, some day.”
“You seriously never leave?”
“Only to see the dentist, or if we need a doctor. Stuff like that. Luann goes every week for groceries. I used to ride along when I was a kid. Everything except the food gets delivered.” 
A loud knocking reverberated through the room. Marya flinched.
“I’m pretty sure that’s just air in the pipes.”
She straightened her shoulders. “Okay. Listen, I have to get ready for work.” Leaving the door partway open, she went into her room.
I sat in one of the uncomfortable leather chairs, not wanting to end our conversation. “Speaking of Helene, you’ll hear her playing music sometimes. Her piano used to be at the front of the lounge, underneath their portraits. You won’t see her, though.”
“What happened to the piano?”
“I have no idea. There’s a lot of things nobody will talk about, in this house.”
Marya came out of her room, wearing a brown rayon dress with a tag that had a picture of a steaming coffee cup next to her name. “I should’ve kept a better eye on the time. Gotta go. I’ll talk to you soon!” She went clattering down the stairs, and I heard the front door slam.
I went to one of the front windows and watched the highway. Traffic was sparse. There was a dark sedan with tinted windows parked on the opposite shoulder, and beyond that, nothing but farm fields. Pressing my hand against the cold glass, I imagined myself driving away, and going, where? Wherever I want.
Right, like I even know how to drive. A small white car went bouncing across the grass between the barn and the driveway, trailing a cloud of blue smoke. I waved, but Marya didn’t look up and see me. As she headed toward town, the sedan pulled out behind her, maintaining a distance of several car lengths. 
I stayed at the window until I lost sight of both vehicles. Heading for my room, I told myself that other car was nothing to worry about. It wasn’t following her. Get your imagination under control, Renee.
I heard voices in the grand foyer, and paused, staying back so I wouldn’t be seen.
“She’s welcome here, but she can’t just come and go like that damn vampire does. She doesn’t need a job, if she’s staying with us. Did you explain to her about the investments?” Uncle Jim, keeper of the family traditions. He’d stepped into that role after Uncle Albie died the previous spring.
Luann’s response was quieter; I couldn’t make out the words. It didn’t sound like she agreed. I edged closer to the foyer, straining to hear, silently rooting for Luann to defend our house guest. 
Jim muttered something, went into his workshop near the front entrance, and closed the door softly. None of us slammed doors, or hurried, or raised our voices. We all followed the rules, except for certain small infractions that were tolerated, but never discussed.
When I heard Luann moving deeper into the house, I crossed the mezzanine. On the other side of the stairs, the hallway made a sharp right turn, leading to Jim’s big corner room; on the left-hand side, it appeared to be a dead end. Moving with the ease of long familiarity, I went into one of the unused bedrooms, on the courtyard side of the building, where the windows were overgrown with vines. There, a broad archway had been cut, connecting to the next room. I went through, then rejoined the hallway on the other side of the wall that had been constructed, for unknown reasons, many years ago. 
Halfway down the east wing hall, I went into the room where Gilbert had once lived. He was the one who’d built that wall, who’d cut that archway. I’d never met him, although I’d seen him around, working at various construction projects that had been completed long in the past. Talking to Marya had brought old, unanswered questions to the surface of my mind. Surely Gilbert would have some answers. About Larson, about all of this.
I ran my fingers across the dresser top, leaving dark streaks in the dust. There was no other furniture, except for a bed frame, with no mattress. The faded wallpaper had a design of pink roses. It struck me as an odd choice for a man’s room.
I tried to open the top drawer. It came out an inch or two, and stuck. I could see a piece of paper, yellow with age and printed with old-fashioned type, so I pulled harder. Then the light changed. I looked up and saw a young man’s reflection in the mirror above the dresser. He was looking right at me. I turned around, and he was still there.
He was sitting at a desk that hadn’t been there a moment ago, face illuminated by a lantern with a warm yellow flame. The sky outside the window, clear and sunny before, had turned stormy. We looked at each other. “Gilbert,” I murmured.
“Yes. Who are you?” He stood up, taking a couple of steps toward me.
I didn’t answer. I’d wanted to talk to him for so long; now that he could see me, I just stood there looking at him. He was wearing a button-down shirt with the sleeves rolled up. I saw the freckles on his arms, and wiry reddish hairs, as he reached for my shoulder. His hand passed through it.
“You’re not there.”
“Either that, or you’re not,” I suggested.
“I’m here.” He gestured around the room, taking in his bed, his desk, his lamp. He stepped over to the desk and grabbed a cloth-bound book, which he set on the dresser beside me. “Pick that up.”
I passed my hand over the smooth wood, right through the book. 
“There, you see? I’m here.”
He’s right, he’s here and I’m not. My scalp prickled. Gilbert vanished, along with the light of his lantern.
I stood there for a long time, trying to make him come back by force of will. I had questions, so many of them. Working it doggedly back and forth, I managed to get that top drawer open far enough to fish out that tantalizing slip of paper. You’ll be glad you purchased a Henley bureau, it promised me. For a lifetime of satisfaction!
—
Two days later, I was sitting in my room, looking at the paperbacks stacked along the walls up to the level of my waist, like some thick wainscoting. Science fiction and fantasy, for the most part. Above the piles of books were my drawings, taped to the walls along with pages torn from art magazines. I spent most of my time in that room, by choice; suddenly, instead of a refuge, it felt like a trap. I decided to go see if Marya was home. She was still living at the house, still working at the coffee shop. I wanted to draw her. She was so vibrant, more alive than the rest of us. 
Grabbing my sketchpad and a couple of pencils, I walked out into the hall. There was Gilbert, plastering up an opening that looked as if it had once been a doorway. His red hair was dark with sweat at the temples. I’d seen that image of him before. He showed no awareness of my presence. 
I leaned close, trying to catch a look at what lay on the other side of that wall. The north wing, which was completely sealed off. Another topic that nobody in the family would discuss. All I could see was bright daylight beyond the laths, like a glimpse of freedom through prison bars.
I turned away and headed down the hall. It looked different. Newer. The wallpaper and carpet runner less faded. As I passed Gilbert’s room, I saw him sitting at his desk. I stopped cold.
“Hello.” He started to get up, then settled back into his chair. “I’ve been hoping to talk to you again. Please don’t disappear, I’m not going to hurt you.”
“I didn’t do it on purpose. It just happened.” I looked around, holding onto the door frame to steady myself. The roses on the wallpaper were a darker color now, dusty pink shading to maroon, and no longer struck me as wrong for the masculine vibe of the room. 
“Try to stay as long as you can.” He picked up a pad of paper and a pencil. “I want to ask you some questions. First, what year are you living in?”
“1989. What about you?”
“Fifty-three years,” he murmured to himself, which sort of answered my question. “What’s your name, son? How old are you? Who are your mother and father, your grandparents?”
This thing with being mistaken for a boy is getting old. “My name is Renee, and I’m eighteen. I’m not your son, or your daughter, for that matter.” I doubted Gilbert was much older than I was. Although he looked like a grown man. Not fair. “How old are you?”
“You’re a girl! Why are you dressed—” he shook his head. “Never mind.”
“Gilbert, why did you seal off the door to the north wing?”
“I did what?” He frowned. “No. I’ve been trying to figure out how to get in there. I would give anything—in your time, in 1989, do you think anyone would know how to access that area? I’ve been trying to carry on the work Larson started, but I need his notes.”
“If they do, they won’t talk about it. They wouldn’t like it if they saw me talking to you. We ignore the ghosts, it’s pretty much a rule. Is it that way in your time?”
“You do know it’s not really ghosts, right? It’s the influence of Grandpa Larson’s cotemporal field. Did none of that knowledge survive to your time?”
“I’m familiar with the term. They know, they just don’t care. The end result is the same. Gilbert, do you have any idea what Larson intended by all this? Why we’re not supposed to leave the house, what the cotemporal field is for?” 
Gilbert drummed his fingers against the polished wood of his desk. “I’d have a better chance of answering those questions if I could get into that lab. Can you at least ask around, in your time? We’ve talked twice, so I’m hoping it will happen again.”
“Do you mean the library?”
“No, his lab. In the north wing.” He pointed, looking impatient. “Why did you say I sealed off the door? Where was it?”
“Right at the end of this hall. I saw you. Maybe it hasn’t happened yet, from your point of view.” Had he looked a little older in that image, broader across the shoulders?
“That doesn’t make any sense. There was never any door there. 1989… I would be seventy-one. Good lord. Could you ask me? Am I still alive?” There was something hungry in his eyes.
“Time travel. I have to think about this. You can’t be from the past that leads to my future, that would cause a paradox, so alternate timelines or something?” I didn’t want to answer his question. Gilbert had gone missing, same as Grandpa Larson.
“That’s actually correct, yes. But there was a Gil Smith in your timeline. Do you know what happened to him?
I looked away, not sure what I was going to tell him. It didn’t matter, because the light changed again. I was back in my own time.
2
If I can get into Larson’s lab… The answers I was looking for had to be there. Gilbert hadn’t found a way in; if I succeeded where he’d failed, it would knock the feet out from under his condescending attitude.
The west wing smelled of abandonment and gentle decay. It had once been the children’s area, but hadn’t been used in decades. Disturbing that ancient stillness felt like a desecration. 
I searched all the rooms that shared a wall with the north wing, finding no hidden doorway, no ponderous bookcase that might swing around to reveal a passage. Twice, I heard light, rapid footfalls in the hallway, once quite close by. A small shadow darted past, although the child that had cast it was not visible. 
I was glad to return to the inhabited part of the house, but had no better luck there. Last on my list was Ada’s room. She was the only person besides me living in the east wing, although she was on the first floor. I knocked on her door, and waited. I was reaching for the knob when it turned and she peered out. Ada was even shorter than I was, and impossibly old. 
“Hi, Aunt Ada. Can I come in?”
She stepped back. I took that as an invitation. The window was blocked by overgrown vegetation in the courtyard, but a floor lamp illuminated the room. The north wall was smooth and regular beneath the collection of diagrams and equations she’d pinned there, dashing my hope that Larson’s daughter had a secret entrance into his laboratory. 
Ada’s been around forever. She must know the way in. “Do you have any idea how to get into the north wing? I can’t find any sign of a door.” Except at the end of my hall, where I’d seen Gilbert applying new plaster and smoothing it with a trowel. 
She shook her head vigorously. “Once you enter the singularity, you may not ever get out.” If I asked Luann or Jim about topics that were off-limits, they pretended not to hear me, or changed the subject. Ada had her own way of evading questions. “Time is the fourth dimension, Renee. Has anyone told you that?”
“I’ve read that idea, yes. What do you know about the cotemporal field?”
“He taught me all about it. My father. Larson Smith. He had all kinds of plans for me. I didn’t like it. None of his plans ever came out the way he wanted.” Ada shook her head again, more slowly. “Can you believe that was over a hundred years ago? 1883. I was twenty years old. He wanted me and Wilbur to get married, you know.” She gave a dry chuckle, like rustling paper.
“Ada, Do you have any idea how to get into Larson’s lab?”
The light in her eyes gave the impression that she was laughing at me. “My father is dead. Mama always said he was coming back, but the singularity has no mercy. It is ruled by its own laws, its own logic.”
I kept trying. She didn’t always talk in riddles; she could make perfect sense, when talking about ordinary things. After a few more rounds, I admitted defeat and excused myself. 
—
The grass surrounding the house was tall and sharp, making me glad I’d worn long pants. The sunlight was delicious on my skin. It had been a while since I’d walked out the front door. Even longer since I’d gone outside alone.
Working my way around to the north wing, I saw it had no windows on the ground floor. Higher up, they were tall and close together, making up for the lack lower down. I walked all the way around the house. There was no back door. 
That leaves the courtyard. I crept past the day parlor. Uncle Jim was holding forth with the usual current events briefing, reading the paper out loud. Luann sat nearby, making the occasional encouraging noise, most of her attention on making the folded paper flowers that were her latest hobby. The only one who looked up and saw me was Kevin, who had a textbook open in his lap. 
I opened the door to Larson’s library as quietly as I could. It was the only way to access the courtyard. The room was not large, but encompassed both the first and second stories. One wall was composed entirely of windows, and the other three had built-in shelving all the way up to the high ceiling, with wooden ladders that slid along a track. Books filled the lower shelves, while the ones higher up were scattered with curios. 
Larson was sitting at his desk, looking in my direction, as I walked in. He wasn’t very tall, but was powerfully built, with reddish-brown hair and an undisciplined beard. The founder of our family, along with his wife, Helene Cadieux. Rather than reacting to my presence, he continued to gaze at the door as I walked across the room.
“Hello, Grandfather.” I spoke to bolster my nerve, and to break the silence. “I’m afraid I forgot to bring my gom jabbar.” 
He ignored me, of course. “Okay, maybe not that funny,” I muttered, having no idea how prophetic that remark would prove to be. I saw movement off to one side. Larson again, browsing one of the tall stacks, although I could still see him behind his massive desk. 
I walked past both of them to the French doors. There was a similar pair that had once offered access to the enclosed garden from the east wing, but those were too obstructed by vegetation to use. I worked open one of the doors, and stepped outside. 
The courtyard, completely surrounded by the four wings of the house, was deeper than it was wide. The back section was a jungle, choked with vines and overgrown shrubbery. Closer to the front, there was a fountain with a large metal bird at its center.
I shoved my way through the bushes, hoping there were no snakes. The back wall was covered with ivy, but as I drew closer, I could see an indentation at its center. The outline of a large door. Careless of the scratches I was receiving, I moved faster. Found it!
With my bare hands, I pulled away the vines at the level where I expected the doorknob to be, already planning a raid on Jim’s workshop to borrow some cutting tools. Except there was nothing there but more brick. I hadn’t imagined the rectangular depression in the wall. There had been a door there once. Long ago.
Discouraged and dirty, I headed back upstairs. There were no showers at the house. The pace of our lives was not hectic enough to require them. Instead, we had big claw-footed tubs in little rooms lined with discolored tiles. The tub room in my part of the house had a window on the courtyard side, only partly occluded by questing vines. I could see a patch of blue sky as I soaked in the lukewarm water. 
There has to be a way in. And there’s one more person I can ask.
—
After dinner, I watched the sunset from one of the big windows in Grandma Beatrice’s old room. When I first came to the house, my grandmother was very ill, and died within a year; one more loss, so soon after the deaths of my parents.
I remembered her as sweet and patient, a little dazed by her pain meds and the illness behind them. Her stories painted a different picture. In her twenties, young Beatrice had snuck into town repeatedly to meet one of the deliverymen who sometimes came to the house, not realizing that he was married. When she found out, she continued seeing him anyway. Her two daughters were born during that affair.
Grandma Beatrice also had a thing going on with her younger cousin, Jim. There was a good chance Uncle Jim might actually be my grandfather, or Kevin’s, or both. “He was only fifteen years old,” she’d recounted with an angelic smile. “But he was ready. Lord, was he ever.”
Bear in mind, I was twelve or thirteen when she was telling me all this. Her meds might have been a factor, along with the realization that she wouldn’t have the chance to wait and tell me about it when I was older. 
When the gathering darkness pushed the last of the color from the sky, I went to look for Wilbur. I knew from experience that my best bet was to sit on the cellar steps, right after dusk. 
The kitchen light was on. Marya was sitting on one of the high stools at the butcher block table, and she used one foot to shove another stool out for me. I sat down next to her. She looked at her watch, then at the metal door that led down to the cellar.
“The sun set half an hour ago,” she announced.
Her presence complicated things, but it also meant Wilbur was likely to appear. Sure enough, he melted through the cellar door like a ghost and walked into the kitchen, closely followed by Imogene.
I looked at Marya, to see if this meant trouble. She broke into a radiant smile, giving Imogene a pleasant nod of greeting, but turning most of her wattage on Wilbur. “Ah, there you are!”
I reached for the floor with my feet, sliding off the stool. “Hi, Wilbur. Can I ask you, do you have any idea how to get into Grandpa Larson’s old lab in the north wing?”
“Why on earth would you want to do that?”
“I’ve been talking to Gilbert. Really talking, like I am with you right now. He’s trying to figure out how to get in there.”
“I would advise you to stay away from him, Renee. He found some way to communicate with my uncle, Larson, who was gone long before Gilbert was born. I don’t feel either one of them can be trusted. Either their intentions, or their judgment when it comes to things we don’t understand.”
“Do you know what the singularity is?”
“Something to be avoided. We’re going into town for a while. Why don’t you come with us?”
Marya seized my hand. “Yes, come to the gallery! You’ll love it.”
I wanted to. But it was so unexpected. “I, no, I can't do that. Thanks anyway.” Gathering my courage, I added, “Maybe some other time.” 
—
Early the next morning, I eased open the door to Jim’s workshop. Easier to ask forgiveness than permission, right? I was in luck. The room was empty, except for the guy in the tweed suit, who stood near a window smoking his cigar. I’d seen him before, but didn’t know who he had been. 
Back upstairs, I stood at the end of my east wing hallway with a hammer in one hand and a crowbar in the other, facing the spot where I’d seen Gil sealing off that opening. I decided to start with the hammer. Swinging it at the wall was surprisingly satisfying. I wasn’t worried about the noise; even if it carried to the front of the house, it would be dismissed as an echo from the past. 
I’d seen Gilbert working away, surrounded by a cloud of plaster dust, many times. It made me want to hold my breath, although the foul air was an illusion. Now, it was real. Coughing, I retreated up the hall to wash my face. I found an old t-shirt and cut off a strip, which I wetted and tied across my nose and mouth. 
With nothing to protect my eyes, I closed them as I worked, opening them periodically to check my progress and wiping my face with the tail end of the makeshift bandana. I stopped when the ragged hole was the size of the serving platter we used at dinner; not big enough to crawl through, but sufficient to get a look. 
First, though, back to the sink to clean up. And to give the dust a chance to settle. Once I had washed, I stood at the small window in one of the powder rooms, looking out at the eastern horizon. No spectacular sunrise that morning, just a gradual lightening of the gray overcast. 
A flock of birds wheeled in unison in the distance, reminding me of a story Luann had told me about Kevin’s father, Carl. He’d left her while she was pregnant, only to return when my cousin was an infant. Carl showed up uninvited for dinner one evening, demanding money, then came back the next day with an ultimatum: if he was not paid, he’d make sure the house came to the attention of reporters from the most unsavory of tabloids. 
According to Luann, Wilbur came out of the cellar to tell Carl that if they ever met again, the buzzards would have a fine time fighting over his drained corpse. When I asked Wilbur about it, he disputed this detail. “I can’t recall exactly what I told him. I may have made some threat. It was a bright, sunny morning and I was annoyed at having to deal with him at all. But I’m sure I didn’t say anything like what Luann told you.”
Be that as it may, Carl was never heard from again. Most likely, he went back to Canada, where he came from. But Luann always suspected the man she’d once loved had, in fact, been left for the carrion birds. We sometimes saw them through the windows. Beautiful in the distance, circling high above the fields; less attractive when they swooped down low enough for us to see their featherless heads.
When I went back to investigate the site of my demolition efforts, the air had cleared. I peered through the hole in the wall with fascination. I could see the windows at the far end of the building. No walls in between. I looked down; there was no floor dividing the first and second stories. How was there ever a doorway here?
The weak light made it hard to be sure of what I was seeing. I leaned closer, or started to. There was an unpleasant prickling across the top of my head. I pulled back and reached in with my hand.
That same uncomfortable tingle, intensifying as I tried to push through. I could only reach a few inches beyond the wall before my fingers were stopped by an invisible barrier. I withdrew my hand, flexing it to ease the numbness.
I picked up a scrap of wooden lath and poked it at the barrier, more aggressively. It didn’t go through; there was a buzzing, not just in my ears, crawling all over my skin. My belly clenched.
The sunlight coming from the far end of the north wing grew brighter, showing the cavernous space more clearly. It was filled with skeletal structures, made of bronze or copper pipes, dull and discolored with patches of green; panels with dials and levers, like the controls of an airliner. There were rooms, of a sort, great wooden boxes with closed doors, and a cozy seating arrangement with leather chairs around a wooden table.
I turned to look behind me. The same bright sunlight shone into the hall from the windows of the east-facing rooms. It was unlikely the day had suddenly cleared. I glanced into my room. No books, no drawings, and it looked as unlived-in as Gil’s room did in my own time. I walked down the hall and saw his desk, covered with a jumble of books and papers, but no Gilbert.
I walked over to the desk. It looked so real. Surely, I would be able to touch it. Was I in the past now, physically? If so, could I get back where I belonged?
My hand passed through it. All at once, I didn’t want to be in 1936 anymore. I closed my eyes, fighting panic. 1989. I pictured my familiar room, visualizing it as clearly as I could, refusing to open my eyes. After a long wait, I saw a dimming of the day’s light through my closed eyelids.
Walking back to my room, I stopped to examine the mess I’d made. Nobody ever came into my part of the house, except that Murphy’s law would make today the exception. I cleaned up the debris, and stood looking at that hole. It would be a problem if Luann, or one of the others, made one of their rare visits.
I found a large painting, not too heavy for me to handle, in one of the empty bedrooms. Leaving the hammer on the floor, I went down to the workshop. This time, Uncle Jim was there.
He was standing at his workbench, rewiring a lamp, and looked at me over his half-glasses when I came in. I hung the crowbar where I’d found it. “I hope you don’t mind if I borrowed this.”
“Long as you put it back where it goes. I take it you’ve got my red hammer?”
“Yes, and I promise to bring it back when I’m done. I just need a nail.”
“I imagine you know where to find them.” His tone was dry. “What’re you up to?”
“Just hanging a picture.” Right, and the crowbar?
He nodded, turning his attention back to the lamp. I grabbed a large nail and made my escape. Back in the hallway outside my room, I gazed into that irregular window for several minutes before putting up the dreary old painting. I stayed back far enough to avoid the disquieting barrier. I don’t know how, but I’m going to get in there.
3
“Hey, come to Better the Second Time Around with me! I don’t have to work today.”
I looked at Marya, trying to make sense of what she’d said. Seeing my expression, she added, “It’s the thrift store in Kisco. Second-hand clothes? They have some great stuff.”
“Yeah, I want to go.” A surge of excitement ran through me, but I kept my voice low, looking around to make sure nobody head heard us. “Give me a minute, I’ll grab a few bucks.” 
I started to relax when I closed the front door behind us. Until I saw that dark sedan again, sitting on the side of the road, where it had been the first day I met Marya. I’d been looking out the window occasionally, watching for it. I hadn’t seen it again. Not until today. 
Marya’s little car was noisier and closer to the ground than the one Luann drove. It felt like we were going awfully fast as we pulled out of the barn. As we turned onto the highway, I kept my eye on the side mirror. 
“Marya, this might sound weird, but I’m pretty sure we’re being followed.”
“It’s cool.” She began punching buttons on the radio, flipping between stations, barely keeping her eyes on the road.
“No, I’m serious. That car right behind us. I’ve seen it before.”
“Yeah. I know them, sort of. It’s because I’m Wilbur’s consort. There’ve been some threats.”
“Consort? What is he, some kind of prince?”
“Not hardly. He’s not one of the really important ones. That’s just what they call us. You know about the enclave, right?”
“No. What’s that?”
“Hmm. He just asked some of the security guys to keep an eye on me during the day. It’s stupid, really. If he’d just let me—” She resumed playing with the radio.
I craned my head, using the mirror to try for a look inside the car behind us. The glare of light off its windshield hid the darkened interior.
“Are they vampires?”
“I doubt it. I don’t rate that kind of treatment. They hate running around in the daytime, and they can get kind of irritable when they do.” 
We pulled into Kisco’s tiny downtown, music blaring from the radio until she turned off the engine. The security car kept going, parking half a block ahead of us. Nobody got out.
“Here it is! We are going to update your wardrobe, Renee. I want to get a few things for myself, too.”
Inside the thrift store, I tried not to gawk like a tourist visiting the big city as I began going through the racks. I was tired of t-shirts, but hated everything else I looked at. Until I found the silky-soft purple shirt, basic and elegant. I tried it on over my t-shirt and looked in the mirror at the end of one of the racks. “I like this one.” 
“I’m pretty sure that’s from the men’s department. They probably got mixed up because it’s so small. But I think you may have found your style.” She helped me find a few more shirts, although I had to keep steering her away from the ones that had ruffles, rhinestones, and plunging necklines. 
On the way to the cash register, I saw a display of costume jewelry. Marya tried to pull me past it. “Come on, you don’t want any of that junk. It will turn green and your skin will turn green along with it. Save up for something good.”
“I like green.” I found myself thinking suddenly of the oxidized pipes in Larson’s lab, and pushed the thought away. I took down a gold-colored chain and tried it on. It clung to my skin like a trickle of some shiny metallic liquid. “Green is a good color. I’ll take my chances.”
Our purchases complete, Marya drove two short blocks and pulled up in front of another storefront, this one decorated with stylized, multi-colored letters that spelled out Moreau’s Gallery. This time, our shadow picked a parking spot a few cars behind us.
“This is the place I was telling you about, Renee. Moreau is an artist, and she teaches, too. You need to show her your drawings.”
The interior was dark, but I was fascinated by the items displayed in the window, unframed paintings and bits of sculpture, textiles and glass. I wanted to get out and have a closer look. “I’d love to meet her. But I don’t think she’s there right now.”
“I guess it’s okay to tell you this. She’s Télèt. I was hoping one of the others had opened the shop early.”
“She’s what?”
“A vampire. Some of them don’t like to be called that, though. Willy doesn’t care. One of the first things he said to me when we started going out was, ‘if we’re going to get involved, you ought to know I’m a vampire.’ I thought he was kidding.” She threw back her head and laughed. “He wasn’t kidding.”
Back at the house, it turned out Marya wasn’t done with me. “Now you need some makeup,” she declared. I wasn’t so sure, and she saw that in my expression. “You want to look older, right? And you don’t want everyone thinking you’re a boy. Well, then. Come on up to my room for a minute.”
Upstairs, she rummaged through the drawers of the antique vanity near the window. “You won’t be able to get away with bright lipstick like I wear. You’re definitely an autumn. Here, I bought this for a funeral a while back, and I won’t be going to any more funerals. Too depressing.”
An hour or so later, I was able to escape back into the east wing. I stood in front of my sink, looking into the mirror. I wasn’t sure who was looking back, but it definitely wasn’t me. 
I washed my face with soap and warm water, hot water being unavailable in my part of the house. Scrubbing at my cheeks, where Marya had used a dab of that same dark reddish-brown lipstick to accent my cheekbones, I recalled my mother had used a special cream to remove her makeup. Marya had told me I could keep the lipstick and eyeliner she’d used on me, but she hadn’t given me anything like that.
After drying my face, I looked in the mirror again. The makeup wasn’t all gone. My lips and cheeks looked a bit darker and more defined, my eyes larger and more dramatic. It was subtle, though. I nodded with satisfaction.
Now, the hair. Declaring that it needed more body, Marya had applied mousse, then used a blow drier so that it puffed out in a way I found ridiculous. I wetted my fingers and ran them through it, causing it to stick together in clumps. Experimentally, I coaxed these forward and to the sides until they looked like the spiky leaves of some desert plant. Better. 
Ducking into Gil’s room, I admired my new look in the mirror above his dresser. Then I closed my eyes. 1936. Come on, Gil. Even though I hadn’t found my way into Larson’s lab, I wanted to see him again, talk to him. 
The room remained, obstinately, in 1989. Giving up for the moment, I looked at those faded roses on the walls. The place needed a coat of paint. I knew where to find the supplies, and how to use them. If I make it blank, like a movie screen. Maybe then I can see the past again.
It was good to have a plan, to be in motion. But as I carried my supplies up the back stairs, doubt crept in. What if, by painting over the wallpaper, I severed a vital connection to Gil’s era, instead of making it easier to bridge that gap? 
Back in my room, I went searching through the stacks of books for my copy of The Gunslinger. I got absorbed in reading for a while, until I found the passage I was looking for. Taking down my drawing of Roland and Jake in the mountains from my bedroom wall, I wrote in the space beneath their feet, it did not frighten him to operate on pure instinct. Then I went over it again, and again, darkening the words.
—
When I finished my paint job, a little dizzy from the fumes, it looked brighter. But Gilbert didn’t reward me by appearing. My feet were heavy as I headed back to my own room. Stepping out into the hall, I froze when I saw Gil, hope flaring bright for a moment and then dying back. 
It was just a repeating image. I’d seen it many times. He was working to seal off a rectangular opening, which I’d always assumed was a door. I noticed the area he was working on didn’t extend all the way to the floor. Unless he’d done the lower part already, but why would he do that separately?
It looked very much as if he were repairing the hole I’d made, perhaps after squaring off its corners to give himself a regular area to work with. Which made no sense. I hadn’t done the damage in 1936. Thinking about it made my head hurt. I sank into my overstuffed reading chair, sitting sideways with my legs draped over one of the arms, so I couldn’t see into the hall. Gilbert worked in eerie silence, allowing me to ignore the manifestation.
It was a hot day, and I was sweaty from working. I didn’t feel like taking a bath. Or reading, or drawing. I sat there until I was roused from my stupor by a blood-chilling shriek, one I heard periodically from my room. I counted to three, and was rewarded by the sound of breaking glass. The original event might have been something as trivial as an argument, or a prank gone sour. Its enduring echo was part of the reason I had this part of the house to myself. 
I got up and checked the hall. Gilbert was gone. The large and gloomy painting of two sailing ships was back, almost covering the damage, although a ragged edge showed below the bottom of the frame. 
The last time I got to Gil’s timeline, it was by disturbing the barrier of the singularity. I touched the frame of the painting, but didn’t take it down, remembering the nausea and the feeling of wrongness, of danger.
I slipped into the room across from my own, the one directly above Ada’s, on the courtyard side of the house. It was cooler there. I walked quietly, to avoid disturbing her if she were down there, which she often was. She spent almost as much time sequestered in her room as I had, until recently, in mine.
Ada, who claimed to be 126 years old. I recalled reading an article about the oldest person in recorded history, who had died at 122, nearly blind and confined to a wheelchair in a nursing home. Yet Ada’s claim was consistent with stories I’d heard Wilbur tell.
As I stood there, allowing my thoughts to wander, I had an idea that made me feel as if someone had dumped a bucket of cold water over my head. I walked over to the corner, standing directly above the place where Ada’s bed would be. It was pushed against the north wall, like mine. The design of the small bedrooms made that the only logical place for a bed.
Ada. Well over a hundred years old, yet showing few signs of decrepitude. Good for her. Me, eighteen and looking considerably younger, not so good. I took a big step away from that wall. I still wasn’t sure what the singularity was, but I knew Larson’s work had to do with controlling time. Could proximity to his lab, and its protective field of force, be affecting the rate at which we aged?
I went down the hall to Gilbert’s room, admiring my work, wondering if it would be weird if I moved in there. Him in his time, me in mine. Yes, it would be weird.
The room across the hall from Gil’s, on the courtyard side, had ivy on the wallpaper. An improvement over the daisies in the one I was using now. I'd chosen that room, shortly after coming to the house, to get away from the rest of the family. Luann tried to talk me out of it, but after I snuck over there a couple of times and spent the night on the floor, with a pillow and blanket, she and Jim helped me fix it up with a proper bed. That was when I'd decided they might not be so bad, after all.
The curtains in my new room smelled musty, and were hanging in tatters, so I tore them down. Privacy was not a concern. If I looked across the courtyard and saw a face in one of those west wing windows, it wouldn't be anybody who was actually there. 
I like it here. There were empty rooms in the south wing, but I was reluctant to give up my private hallway. I just hope this is far enough away from the singularity. 
—
I woke up feeling groggy and disoriented. It took me a moment to remember where I was. The light in my new bedroom was restful, and the air was cool. I didn’t want to get out from under the covers. I glanced at my clock, and saw that I’d missed breakfast.
In the powder room, I cupped my hands under the faucet and drank until I started to feel better, then splashed my face and dried it vigorously with a rough towel. I went to stand in Gilbert’s room. It was so clean and white, blank, the effect I’d been aiming for. I inhaled deeply, closing my eyes, picturing that unfaded wallpaper. Then I saw something.
Imagine if you were colorblind, if everyone around you suffered from the same limitation, and all of a sudden you saw a rainbow in all its nuanced glory. How would you describe it, how could you make anyone understand?
I opened my eyes and took a step, although my feet remained stationary. In space, but not in time. I was looking at those dusky roses again, at Gilbert’s desk. He wasn’t there.
It had been no more difficult, no more uncertain, than walking into the room from the hallway. I stepped back into my own timeline, to be sure I could, then returned to his. In the hall, morning sunlight slanted through the windows on the east side of the house. I heard no human activity. I glanced into my ivy-patterned room, which looked lived-in, but empty at the moment.
I walked down the hall toward the south wing. The end of the hallway went straight through, no detour, now. I heard voices, deep and masculine, as I went down the main staircase. Everything was different, yet the same. The door to Jim’s workshop was open. The voices were coming from in there. As I got closer, I saw a haze of smoke, hanging in the air and glowing with light borrowed from the windows.
It wasn’t a workshop now. I saw Gil and half a dozen other men, in a room appointed with dark wood and leather furniture. Some of the men were smoking. All of them were looking at me, their conversations dying in mid-sentence.
Without thinking, I stepped back into 1989. I was struggling to catch my breath. The door to the workshop was closed. I opened it and turned on the light to see Jim’s workbench, the pegboard with all the hanging tools, the metal cabinets. 
Suddenly, I was ravenous. I headed for the kitchen, where Luann was busy with the last of the cleanup from breakfast. “Well, good morning, sleepyhead! What have you been up to?”
“Nothing much.” I opened the refrigerator. Everything looked good. I took out ingredients to make a sandwich, or two. I wasn’t ruling out three.
After eating, I went back up to Gil’s room, and stepped into 1936. It was like riding a bike. “Easiest thing in the world to do, hardest thing in the world to learn,” my dad had told me, consolingly, when I was frustrated to tears with my unsteady progress, shoulder hurting from a fall. He’d said it again, in a different tone of voice, once the skill finally clicked and I was able to go flying down the sidewalk every time I tried.
Gilbert still wasn’t there. Maybe still down in that smoking room. I went back to 1989 and tried to sketch the scene, not able to picture it clearly enough in my mind. I’d only seen it for a moment.
I could go down and have another look. I threw back my head and laughed. I felt giddy, like when I had my yearly glass of wine at Christmas dinner.
4
Gil, sitting at his desk, broke into a wide grin when I walked in. “I saw you earlier, downstairs. Did you see me?”
“Of course. You and a bunch of other guys, smoking.”
“I wasn’t smoking. My brother does.” His older brother Chester, who'd never made it back from World War II. I wasn’t going to tell Gil that. Maybe it would work out differently in his timeline.
“Anyway, I’m glad to see you, Renee. I’ve been thinking about what happened the first time we met. How your hand went right through the book. But you could feel the dresser, right?”
“Maybe because the dresser is in the same place in my time.”
“I think that’s it, exactly. I mean, the floor holds you up. Yet I’ve seen people walk right through the furniture. I have a theory, and I’d like to do some experiments to test it out, with your help.”
“Okay.” Hopefully, we can learn something that will help us make sense of it all.
“Go ahead and touch the dresser. Put your hand on it.
I did. “Gilbert, I have to tell you something. I can do it on purpose, now. Coming back to where you are, when you are. It’s like taking a step.”
“A step. What on earth does that mean?”
“It’s hard to put into words. I used to come in here and concentrate as hard as I could, hoping to see you. It usually didn’t work. Now, I can just do it.”
He frowned, and shook his head. “All right. That should make this easier. So, you can touch the dresser, right?”
“Yes.” I ran my hand along the top of it, then down the front. My fingers sank through the top drawer, making it look as if they’d been amputated. I reached in farther and could feel rough wood. “I opened that top one, in 1989. As far as it would go, anyway.”
He was scribbling frantically. “Give me a minute.”
I continued exploring the dresser. “I can feel all the other drawers. I think they’re closed in my timeline. Let me check.” I disappeared for a few moments. “Yeah, like I thought.”
“I think I’m beginning to understand how this works. Where could we find some small objects that would stay in the same place for over fifty years?”
I wasn’t able to think of anything, but a moment later, he did. “The library! There’s a lot of old books in there that nobody ever reads.”
For good reason. When I first came to the house, I was excited to see such a wealth of reading material, until I started to browse. All the books I tried were deadly dull, and many were incomprehensible, even the ones that were in English.
We went downstairs, passing close enough to the smoking room to hear the men’s voices and see the haze in the air, but not directly in front of the door, so they couldn’t see us. When we approached the library, however, there was a little girl standing in the hallway looking at us with interest. At me, in particular.
I smiled and gave her a friendly wave. She waved back, and Gilbert said, “Buzz off, Beatrice.” I whipped my head around to get another look at her, but she was running down the hall away from us, the skirt of her plaid dress flouncing around her legs. I suspected she wasn’t truly intimidated by Gil’s casual dismissal, just filled with youthful energy. Grandma Beatrice. 
—
I ran my hands over the low shelves in the west wing playroom, passing through naked dolls and a balding teddy bear. Ghost toys. Except that really, I’m the ghost, here. My fingers explored the shape of a wooden horse, and I picked it up. “We could use this.”
“All right.” Gil took a moment to record the information in one of his notebooks. “Object is wood, currently meshed." 
I set the horse on the top shelf, pushing it back until its rectangular base rested against the wall, savoring the texture of the rough carving beneath the paint. Glancing over at Gil, I wished I could touch his hair, which caught the light like fine copper wire. Would it be as harsh as it appeared, or softer, smoother? 
He moved the wooden horse forward a few inches, so that it no longer occupied the same space as it did in my timeline. I passed my hand through it. “Object has separated.”
Over the past few days, we’d repeated a series of experiments, using a variety of objects, all over the house. I wasn’t sure we were learning anything new, at this point; but I was having fun, and didn’t have anything else to do.
I looked out the window into the courtyard. In 1936, the plant life was under rigid control. I could see the recessed area in the center of the north wing wall, where a door had once been. The brick that filled it was a lighter color than the rest.
Gil moved the horse back against the wall, returning it to the place where I’d set it down. Approximately, at any rate. When I tried to pick it up again, I couldn’t. Frowning, he adjusted its position, while I held my cupped hand close by, as if to catch it. Suddenly I felt a sharp pinch.
“Ow! Fuck.”
Gil’s eyes grew wide. I had an absurd impulse to apologize for my language, but didn’t.
“Renee, it bounced off something! I felt it.”
“That hurt.” I rubbed at the red mark on my hand. Cautiously, I reached for the carved horse. Still not meshed. “Just a minute.”
I returned to 1989. I could go back and forth, now, without thinking about it. Looking at the carving, while focusing my mind on Gil’s timeline, I saw a double image. I shoved it gently toward its twin, until there was a faint Click. Not something I heard, not with my ears. It was gratifying, one of the reasons I was still enjoying myself, despite all the repetition. Gil’s company was another factor.
Taking a deep breath, I found myself spooked by the silence. There was a smell in all these unused rooms. Old wood that hadn’t been polished, dust, fabric that had become as fragile as paper. I shivered, and stepped back into 1936.
I picked up the horse. “Object is meshed once again. No difference observed in behavior of cotemporal field, in comparison with other locations.”
Rather than looking pleased with this verbiage, which was the kind of thing he liked to include in his notes, Gil scowled at me. “I wish you could teach me to do that.”
We’d tried. His frustration stole away part of the satisfaction I took in my abilities. Not knowing what to say, I carried the wooden horse across the room, theatrically, hoping to lighten his mood.
It worked. Like a sudden change in the weather, Gil’s broad grin emerged. “That would look so weird to anyone in your timeline. They wouldn’t be able to see you, just that thing, floating through the air. A type two phenomenon, although from this end, you’re a type six.” 
That’s what I was to him; type six cotemporal manifestation, intangible visitor from the future. From my point of view, he—along with everything around us—was a type eleven.
Without warning, Gil scooped up one of the thin, dense cushions from a window seat and pitched it at me. I flinched involuntarily as the pillow went sailing through my head, momentarily darkening my vision. The sudden movement caused the carving to separate, and the 1936 copy fell through my hands. Despite the carpet, there was a thump when it hit the floor. 
I crouched down to examine it. “Doesn’t appear to have broken. Not in your timeline, anyway.” I could feel my face heating up. Not worth making a fuss over. It wasn’t as if I’d never done something similar. Like the time I’d startled him by popping out of an old armoire that didn’t exist in my timeline.
Gil examined a toy car, metal with chipped paint, which was missing its front wheels. “I remember this. We used to play down here when I was little. Until we started asking about one of the repeating images. Very educational.” He glanced at me for a moment and then away, pressing his lips together, trying to hold back a smirk. 
“Yeah, I’ve seen stuff like that.” 
“It was my cousin Al’s parents, too.”
“Awkward.” I dug the toe of my shoe into the thick carpet, imagining it against my bare backside in the moonlight. Now I was the one who didn’t want to look at him.
—
“Isn’t there some way you can explain it without using all those formulas?” I was sprawled in the chair we’d put in a corner of Gil’s room, in both 1936 and 1989, then meshed together so I could use it. “I want to know how the cotemporal field works, but I can’t follow what you’re trying to tell me at all.” 
“Mathematics is the only language I have to discuss it.” He stroked the cover of his notebook, not looking any happier than I felt.
“Someone who’s knowledgeable about a technical topic should be able to explain it in plain language.”
“Renee, I hope nobody’s managed to convince you that girls can’t learn this stuff. You know who helped me out when I got stuck? Aunt Ada. She’s strange, but smart as can be. She’d be dead by your time, though.”
“No, she’s still around.” 
“If she still has most of her marbles, you might ask her to walk you through it. You must have had some math in that correspondence school of yours.”
“The bare minimum I needed to graduate. As a matter of fact, Ada did help me with that.” So had Kevin, but it was too humiliating to admit that a nine-year-old had tutored me in algebra. He was ahead in math for his age, but that was only a little comfort.
“Perhaps you need to try a different text. I can show you the ones I used, in the library. Calculus can be really beautiful, Renee.” He stood up. “Come on.”
Outside the window, thunder crashed and sheets of rain cut through the air. It was well past breakfast time, but dark enough outside that Gil was using his lantern. He picked it up. I stood, reluctantly. 
Maybe I should distract him with a change of topic. I hadn’t told him about that hole I’d made in the wall of the north wing, what I’d seen and felt, or what had happened when I’d touched that invisible barrier. I was afraid of what he might do. He wouldn’t leave it alone, the way I’ve been doing. I don’t think it’s safe.
Holding the lantern above his head, Gil led the way to the library. For once, Larson wasn’t anywhere to be seen, but Wilbur was standing by one of the stacks and leafing through a heavy volume. He glanced up when we came in, and for a moment I thought he’d followed me from 1989. Because he looked the same. But there was no recognition in his eyes when they passed over me. I smiled at him. “Hi, Wilbur.”
“It’s morning,” Gil turned up the flame of the lantern, and it danced inside its glass cage. “Shouldn’t you crawl back into your crypt, or something?”
“At least your friend has some manners, if not particularly good taste in companions.” Wilbur turned his head to address me. “If you were more corporeal, I would advise you to go upstairs to the ladies’ lounge. I’m sure they could find you some nicer clothes. Perhaps then, you’d be able to meet a more suitable young man.” 
“Come on, let’s go.” Gil headed for the stairs. I fell into step beside him.
At least Wilbur hadn’t mistaken me for a boy. Although he didn’t like my favorite purple shirt. I’d gotten a couple of compliments on my new style; Ada told me I looked like a pirate girl, which tickled me. Gil, on the other hand, hadn’t even noticed my transformed appearance. 
In the grand foyer, we came face to face with Dominique. Ignoring Gil, she shook her finger at me. “You, ghost boy! Stay out of my kitchen.”
I ducked around her, taking the stairs two at a time to catch up with Gilbert. Should have walked right through her. Ghost boy, my ass.
Upstairs, Gil looked over the mezzanine railing to make sure she was gone. “Sorry about my aunt.” He tipped back his head, drinking from an invisible bottle.
“I know. She visits us sometimes in 1989.”
“Really. Maybe I’ve been going about this all wrong. I know where my dad keeps the whiskey… anyway, I’ll have to show you those books another time. You’ll find them more useful than those dime novels you read.”
“You might be surprised. That’s where I learned about alternate timelines. I wish I could lend you some of them. I suppose I could bring one here and read it to you.”
“Sure, that sounds interesting.” 
I went back to 1989, and returned with The Coming of the Quantum Cats. Gil laid down on his bed, looking at me. I began to read out loud, self-consciously at first, but then I got into the story. When I came up for air, wishing for a drink of water to relieve my dry throat, I realized he’d fallen asleep.
At first, I was annoyed, and disappointed. Then I just sat there, watching him. I’d never thought of Gil as beautiful, but there was something captivating about the lamplight on his sleeping face. Moving quietly to avoid waking him, I went back to my room to get my drawing pad and pencils. 
He hadn’t moved when I sank back into my meshed chair. Taking inspiration from the flowers on the wall behind him, I surrounded him with roses until he was lying in a bed of them, twining into his hair and winding along his arms with a single half-opened blossom resting in his palm.
5
A bell above the door announced our arrival when we walked into Moreau’s Gallery, but nobody came to investigate. Marya headed for a doorway with a sign over it that said Employees and Students Only. Strings of beads formed a curtain, big clunky things made of glass, metal, wood, and pottery, interspersed with smaller ones that sparkled in the light. Marya pushed through and I followed, with Wilbur and Imogene trailing behind us.
On the other side of the doorway was a big room, with three people inside; a stocky woman of indeterminate age, another woman and a man, both of whom looked younger. Wilbur stepped forward. “Moreau, this is my cousin Renee.” He added something in that whispery speech I’d sometimes heard him and Imogene using among themselves, which didn’t sound so much like a spoken language as it did like the wind rustling in the trees.
“Welcome,” the larger of the two women said. “I’m Jeanette Moreau. Most people just call me Moreau. These are my students, Frederic Cohen and Nicole Travis.”
I'd expected her to look more like Elvira, Mistress of the Dark. Not like my third-grade teacher, Mrs. Molina. Moreau had strong features, a dark olive complexion, and long hair pulled into a careless knot at the back of her head. She was wearing a stained smock over a floral-patterned blouse with a Peter Pan collar.
“Renee, you have to show her your drawings!” 
I was embarrassed, but grateful to Marya at the same time. I never would have had the courage to bring them out uninvited.
“Yes, let me have a look.” Moreau held out one hand. I gave her my sketchpad, into which I’d stuffed a few loose drawings as well.
She paged through them slowly, lingering over the most recent one—of Gil, asleep in his room—and nodded with what I hoped was approval, but made no comment before handing them back to me.
The back door opened, admitting a man with a wooden carton in his arms. Moreau took a step toward him. “Bernard, I’m about to start class. You can bring those in later.”
“I wish you’d told me earlier. I’ll just leave this here for now.” He crossed the room, moving like a dancer, eyes passing over me without any sign of interest. As he walked past, he paused and turned to take another look, raising his chin and inhaling deeply as if scenting the air. It made me self-conscious. I wasn’t wearing any perfume. “Hello. Allow me to introduce myself. Bernard Moreau, at your service.”
“Hi, I’m Renee Cadieux-Smith.” I couldn’t think of anything else to say. He’s gorgeous.
“Bernard.” Moreau’s voice carried a warning. He went over to the corner of the room and set down the carton, handling it as if it were much lighter than it appeared. As he headed back toward the door, he directed a dazzling smile at me, but kept moving until he vanished into the night.
“Sorry about that, folks. You won’t see him again this evening.” Moreau went over to form a tight little triangle with Wilbur and Imogene, the three of them standing closer together than people typically did.
I should have smiled back at him, if only to be polite. I’d been too stunned by his charisma. On the other hand, nobody else had greeted Bernard with any enthusiasm, and Wilbur had stepped between him and Marya, as if expecting a physical assault. Maybe just as well that I didn’t.
Marya, standing near a table that held refreshments, motioned for me to join her. “Coffee, tea, cookies. Help yourself. Stay away from that, though.” She pointed to a glass jar full of dried flowers and leaves. “That’s one of the few things the Télèt will drink, other than the obvious. It tastes nasty to the rest of us, though.”
Wilbur walked over. “We’re going out for a while, but we’ll be back in a couple of hours.” He pressed his hand briefly to Marya’s cheek, then put his arm around Imogene’s waist as they headed for the door.
“The curtain!” Moreau’s voice when she called after them was stern, even a little menacing. They made no response as they pushed their way through the hanging beads, and a moment later, I heard the bell above the door.
“Those two,” Moreau said to nobody in particular, “have been known to shift right through that curtain. I keep telling them, we need to see it move. You can never tell when someone might be passing by, look in the window, and notice something funny.”
“It moved,” Nicole announced.
“Good.” Moreau rubbed her hands together briskly, as if washing them of Wilbur and Imogene. She picked up a clipboard and handed it to me. “Renee, I just need to get some basic information.” Apparently, even vampires had paperwork.
Nicole and Frederic were filling up on the cookies, which answered one question in my mind, when Moreau clapped her hands together. “All right, everyone, it’s time.”
I handed her the form, and she glanced over it.
“Maiden name? Don’t tell me you’re married, already.”
“My dad’s last name was Murray, but I decided to use Cadieux-Smith, the family name, a few years ago. No disrespect to my father, but I’m here now. I think legally it’s still Murray, though.”
“Very well.” She raised her voice to address the group. “Frederic’s up first.”
Frederic climbed onto a low platform at the center of the room, without much evidence of enthusiasm, and settled into a wicker chair. Nicole sat nearby, arranging her supplies on a small table that she was also using as a footrest. Marya picked a seat farther away, and when I raised my eyebrows at her, she shook her head. “I don’t draw. I just like to hang out and watch. Sometimes I model.”
“Sometimes you move around. A lot,” Nicole muttered.
Moreau gave her a quelling look. “Frederic will be sitting first, and then you.”
“Do you want me to take my clothes off, Jeanette?” Frederic looked down from his throne with a suggestive smile. Moreau smiled back, with a rather predatory expression.
“Not right now. Maybe later. For now, stop talking and hold still. Ladies, you have thirty minutes.” Frederic sighed audibly.
I took a seat, studying our model. Had I thought Gil was beautiful as he’d slept in the light of his oil lamp? He had been, in his own way, but Frederic had a face like a movie star. With a body to match, evident without his taking off the tank top and jeans. In theory, this should have gotten my young maiden’s heart beating faster, but it didn’t have that effect on me. He was raw material. If my heart rate was elevated, it was from fear of embarrassing myself with a clumsy, childish drawing.
I was looking at Frederic from an odd angle, and found it hard to get the pose right. His expression was neutral, but I remembered the way he’d looked at Moreau earlier, and did my best to recreate that feeling. Then the time was up. Frederic, stretching and flexing, headed back to the refreshment table.
I saw Nicole checking out my sketch, so I went over to look at hers. It was dismayingly good. She’d used colored pencils, with no hesitations or false starts. Up close, it was a jumble of lines in unlikely colors to depict pale-hued human flesh, reds and purples and blues as well as peach and other neutral tones. Yet it all came together to form a vibrant portrait of the handsome Frederic.
Moreau clapped her hands again, and Nicole took a seat on the platform. She curled one foot beneath her and brought the other leg up to her chest, wrapping her arms around it and resting her chin on one knee, a more interesting pose than Frederic’s careless sprawl. Nicole was all sharp angles, skinny and watchful, making me think of a forest sprite. I was tempted to draw a set of Tinkerbell wings behind her, but didn’t, for fear Moreau would think I was being frivolous.
When Wilbur and Imogene came back into the room, I glanced at my watch and could hardly believe I’d been there for nearly two hours. I didn’t want to leave.
Moreau handed me a couple of books. “Your shading is good. You know faces, which is unusual at your age. You’ve captured something of the personalities of both subjects, and on very short acquaintance. Good. Your figure studies need work. Study the anatomy. You may want to try making free sketches of some of the illustrations.”
I felt my face heating up. The praise and critique had the same effect on me, pride and humility both manifesting as embarrassment. “Thank you! Thank you for, for—” 
She rescued me with a wave of her hand. “My pleasure to have you here. You’re welcome to join the class on a regular basis, and I hope you will.
“I’ll be back as soon as I can! I don’t know when, though. I don’t have a car.” Or a driver’s license, for that matter.
“We’ll figure something out. Yes, indeed, I feel sure we will.”
—
“What would happen if I walked out the front door while I’m here in 1936?”
Gil's eyes widened, making him look younger. “We can’t just open the front door. My dad or one of my uncles would see you from the smoking room, and they’d probably grab—well, I guess they couldn’t exactly grab you by the arm, could they.” He grinned. “Yeah, I’m the one who’d answer for that. It’s an interesting question, though. I know where we can try something similar.”
In one of the unused rooms, he shoved open an outside window. The screen was missing. “Reach out as far as you can.” He demonstrated, waving at the empty fields surrounding the house. “I bet when you try to do that, your arm will disappear.”
“I hope I can get it back.” I extended my hand tentatively, willing to risk a pinky finger for science. “There’s something there. I can’t push through it.” I flattened my palm against the invisible barrier. It was smooth, and gave a little when I pressed on it, making it feel soft. I couldn’t penetrate farther than a quarter-inch, but it was pleasant to touch, and produced no disturbing effects.
Gil, frowning, wrote in his notebook. I stood on one foot and leaned on the force field, assuming a posture that would have been impossible without the support of that transparent wall, doing my best impression of a mime. He ignored me. I said, “I tried to get into the north wing the other day.”
“Did you have any luck?” That condescending tone again. He was still looking at the notebook. I told him the whole story, and he lowered it to stare at me.
“You did what? With a hammer and a crowbar?”
“It didn’t take a lot of strength. I just kept swinging and prying.”
“Didn’t anyone say anything, when you started tearing up the wall?”
“I told you, in my time there’s nobody up here but me.”
“Huh.” He thought for a moment, then said pretty much what I expected. “Let me get some tools. And I have to find out if my brother and my cousin will be downstairs for a while.”
His brother, yes, and his cousin Albion. Uncle Albie. I’d known him, in my own timeline, as an old man. He’d died of a stroke, well past the age of seventy.
“Renee, I’ll be right back. Wait here, okay?”
“Sure.” This is my responsibility, so I might as well hang around. I paced the hall while he was gone, too nervous to sit down. Why didn't I keep my mouth shut? But, it'll be interesting to see what happens.
I heard him coming up the back stairs at a run. “They're playing poker with the other men. They invited me to join them, but I said I had to study. They think I'm boring.” Our eyes met in a moment of shared amusement.
We went to my old room, where Gil closed the door. “I hope they won’t hear this downstairs. It’s going to be noisy.” He was carrying a large sledgehammer. Suddenly, it was difficult for me to get enough air. I stepped back and rested my hands just above my knees.
He hit the wall a few solid blows, and a haze of white particles filled the room. It didn’t take long for him to make a good-sized hole. Gil was coughing as he probed the invisible barrier with his hand. My stomach threatened rebellion; I couldn’t tell if that was nerves, or a result of Gil provoking the singularity.
“I see what you mean. That’s a nasty feeling.” He shook his hand in the air, then picked up the sledgehammer and aimed a hard blow at the place where the wall had been broken away.
It was like an earthquake. I barely stayed on my feet, and the nausea was much stronger. “I don’t think you should do that.” My voice sounded weak and distant. Gil struck again.
The room grew dimmer. I could see figures moving in the cloud of dust. A young girl curled up in the corner in a makeshift bedroll sat up and looked around, eyes wide with terror, her long, dark hair in tangles. It took me a moment to recognize her, even with all the time I’d spent lately looking into the mirror to get my makeup the way I wanted it.
Another child, around the same age, floated up through the floor in a seated position, riding an invisible chair. I couldn’t decide if this one was male or female, until I noticed a trace of pale pink lipstick, and several rings on each hand. She had a completely shaved head and wore a shapeless white gown, which suggested serious illness to my mind. Leukemia, perhaps. 
However, this young apparition appeared healthy otherwise, not wasted from disease. If anything, she was a bit on the chubby side. Her garment had threads of bluish light moving through it, which flickered and forked like a lightning storm. She hovered near the ceiling for a moment, wearing a smile of sheer delight, then sank back down through the floor.
“Gil! Stop it!” He did, panting for breath and coughing, beads of sweat cutting through the dust on his face.
He looked at the girl in the corner. She laid back down and pulled a blanket over her head, turning herself into a somehow ominous shape. Then she vanished. Gil wiped his face with one forearm. “Jeez Louise.”
6
I woke up in midair, just before I hit the floor where my bed had been. As I lay there, dazed, in the darkness, I could hear someone above me thrashing and moaning.
I crawled out from under the intangible bed. From the little I could see, Gil’s cousin—my room-mate, although I hadn’t planned it that way—was having a nightmare. I was in 1936, and I didn’t want to be. Still on my hands and knees, I returned to my own timeline.
I stayed down on the floor for a moment, relieved to be home, disoriented and sore from the rude awakening. Getting up, I turned on my lamp. Three in the morning. I looked around the room. Something was wrong.
My rug! The one Luann had given me, a big round sunflower design she'd made from a kit. It had been right by the bed. Now it was gone.
I stepped back into 1936 and the darkened room. The sleeper lay quiet, now. My night vision had taken a hit when I’d turned on the light in 1989, but I could see my rug there on the floor. I bent down to grab it, and my fingers went right through, sliding along the smooth wooden floor.
—
Once it got light, I went to see Gil, taking care to go out into the hall before stepping through the fourth dimension. His door was closed. I reached through it and waved, but there was no response. I did it again, trying to decide if I should go in. Then the door opened a crack.
“Renee! Give me a moment.” The door closed again. I had the impression he wasn’t wearing very much. He was fully dressed when he opened it again a minute later, running his fingers through sleep-disordered hair.
“Come in. It’s early. But I’m glad to see you. Where have you been?”
“Busy. Gil, something weird happened earlier, in the middle of the night.” I told him, and he recorded it in one of his notebooks. 
“So you couldn’t touch it, you’re sure?”
“It was dark. I’d like to try again, when you guys go down to breakfast.” I want my rug back.
“Okay. I’ll check it out with you, once those other guys leave. In the meantime, I hope we can talk about what happened the other day. You left kind of suddenly.”
“It was making me sick to my stomach.”
“Are you mad at me?”
I had been, but I couldn’t hold on to it, with the way he was looking at me. It was harder to let go of the unease. “I don't think we ought to keep messing with those walls, Gil. Did anyone in your year say anything about it?” 
“I asked around, right after. It was… something, that’s for sure. I was thinking Ada might have felt it, if she was in her room, but it turned out she was taking tea with the other lay-deez.” He mimed a sipping gesture with his pinky finger extended. I couldn’t help laughing.
From across the hall, we heard a man’s voice exclaim, “What the hell?”
I hung back, while Gil went to investigate. It was my rug, of course. I could hear them talking about it.
“I woke up, and there it was! Never saw anything like it in my life.”
“Can you pick it up?”
“Sure I can, it barely weighs anything. See? But where did it come from?”
I stepped back to 1989. I have a feeling I won’t be getting my sunflower rug back anytime soon.
—
I was lying on my bed, sinking into a new Octavia Butler book, as if it were a warm bath. Suddenly the room was filled with noise. Only it wasn’t noise, exactly. An unsettling vibration, rising and falling, coming from the hallway.
I ran out to look, and saw the painting I’d hung outside my old bedroom was gone. A cloud of dust partially obscured the hole I’d made, which was smaller than I remembered, but getting bigger as I watched. It was like that, sometimes. You couldn’t see the person, only the effect.
Drawn toward the scene of the destruction, I went to the end of the hall. The dust didn’t bother my nose or eyes, of course, and the noise, or vibration, had stopped. 
Then it started again, closer, and I knew where to look. When to look. I went into my old room and stepped into the past.
Gil stood facing the north wall, a chisel in one hand, holding it like a knife. He drew it back and stabbed at the force field. I felt like I was swimming, or trying to swim, and being pulled under by a current in the ocean of time. Gil shook his head as if trying to clear it, but he prepared to strike again.
“Gil, don’t!” He turned and glared at me, then took the tool in both hands and thrust forward, putting his weight behind it.
What happened then was like stumbling over a fold in the carpet. Your body flies forward, your feet get left behind, and the only way to avoid a fall is to take a big step. I leaped, but my feet never moved. At the same time, without thinking, I reached for Gil’s wrist in a desperate effort to restrain him.
I caught it. And held it. He turned to look at me, rage giving way to astonishment. I could feel his skin, the bone and tendon beneath it, and I could feel his strength. There was no way I could stop him from continuing his assault on the force field, but he'd lost all interest in that.
“Renee,” he breathed. “I knew it had to be possible, but…” I could smell his sweat. He reached out and put his hand on my shoulder, squeezing it.
“Gil.” I felt as stupefied as he looked. I needed to sit down. There was an old chair in the room, one that wasn’t there in 1989. I sat in it, running my fingers over the rough texture of the upholstery.
“Where have you been, anyway? I kept waiting for you to show up. I wasn’t sure if this would work, but it was all I could think of.”
“I told you I’m taking drawing lessons, right? She gives us homework, too.” Also, I was tired of the experiments. I wasn’t finding any answers, didn’t feel closer to knowing what it was all for, or how it worked.
“Come on in my room. I want to write some of this down.”
As we walked out into the hall, Gil’s brother and his cousin Albion came up the back stairs. I heard them before we could see them.
“…she was imagining the whole thing?”
“Dunno, I felt something strange myself, I think there might have been a little—”
They came into the hall and saw me.
“Hey, kid! We keep seeing you around here, but who the hell are you?”
Albion looked at me more closely. “Are you a boy or a girl, anyway? Because I can’t tell.”
“No young ladies allowed on the upstairs bachelor’s hall,” Chester added. “It’s the rules.”
Albion turned to Gil. “What about it, Gill-bert, is this your little girlfriend?”
Just a pair of bullies. I was disappointed in Albion, who had a lot of growing up to do if he was going to become the thoughtful, meticulous old man I remembered from my own timeline. “I’m a ghost,” I told him, and vanished before his eyes, returning to 1989.
I wandered into the kitchen, looking for a snack. When I reached for the refrigerator door, my hand slid right through the handle.
I stood there gaping at it. I’m a ghost, I’d told the young Albion.
Fighting back panic, I tried to think it through logically. I was still partly in 1936. How had I gotten there? I remembered the way I’d stumbled without moving my feet, the way I had leaped just before grabbing Gil’s wrist. I tried to recreate the sensation, but it wasn’t there.
I have to get out of here before someone sees me. What if Luann tried to give me a hug? I went upstairs to my room. Passed my fingers through the book I’d barely started reading.
Maybe I should go back to 1936. But that didn’t feel right. It was in the wrong direction. I went into my old room, and put my hand on the cool plaster, near the place where Gil had been attacking the force field with his chisel. “Come on, Larson, let me out of here.” I barely knew what I was saying. I was shaking, and damp with sweat. 
I remembered the swimming, stumbling feeling. The waves of something that was almost sound, but not quite. The way it had felt to catch my balance. I took my hand away from the wall, and jumped. I reached for one of my old books, and wasn’t entirely sure I was all the way back until I held it in my hand.
—
The next time I paid Gil a visit, he tried to put his hand on my shoulder. It passed through, just like the first time we met. His arm dropped to his side. “You’re not really here. But if you did it once, I’m sure you can do it again. Perhaps we should go in that other room. What I’m really hoping is that you could bring me with you.”
“I wasn’t sure I could get back. I don’t know, Gil.” 
“Buck-buck-buck-bwah! Buck-buck-buck-bwah!” He put his hands in his armpits and flapped his elbows. I broke into a reluctant grin.
“What are we, six years old? Are you going to double-dare me?”
“Double dog dare.”
Just like that, I knew I would do it. I was nervous about the force field, but I remembered the way it had felt to touch his wrist, to know I was physically standing in that alternate past.
“Okay, but let me try something. We might not need to go in there.” I stood up. Closed my eyes. Thinking that I shouldn’t need to do either of these things. I just had to…
I started to lose my balance, jumped, opened my eyes. Touched the smooth wooden surface of the desk.
This time, when he reached for my shoulder, I could feel the warmth of Gil’s skin through my silky blouse. “Bring me with you to 1989, Renee. Do you think you can?”
We held hands like children crossing the street. I stepped. Pulled, as if I were helping someone up from a chair. The light changed, although not drastically, one cloudy day exchanged for another that was a little brighter.
Gil looked around the room, at the white paint that covered his wallpaper. “I see what you meant, when you were trying to describe it to me. Wow. You missed a spot, though.”
I’d painted all the walls from top to bottom, but an irregular patch of paint had disappeared, a jagged shape like a fat lightning bolt, above where the bed had been. At its edges, I could see the marks from the roller I’d used. Not the first time a redecorating project at the house had suffered a partial reversal.
“Let go of my hand, let’s see what happens.” I half-expected him to vanish, but he was still there. 
I jumped back to my own time physically. Gil reached for my hand again, and looked disconcerted when he was unable to touch it. 
“You’re just a ghost,” I told him.
“No, you are.” This exchange put the wind back in his sails. “Let’s go downstairs. I want to look around.”
“Okay, but listen—I told you about Luann, the way she feels about people who aren’t actually there. Try to make sure she doesn’t see you.” 
“She sounds like a dingbat. Doesn’t she know it’s all just cotemporal noise?”
I knew that look in his eyes. It meant trouble, possibly some practical joke. “She’s like a mother to me. Promise you’ll leave her alone. How would you like it if someone was harassing your mom?” 
“Yeah, okay. I won’t bother her. But I do want to meet your cousin, Kevin. He can help us out with some of this stuff. It will be useful to have an observer in your timeline.”
“Luann really is his mother. She wouldn’t like him talking to someone from the past.”
“He’s what, eleven? He’s not a baby. I don’t know about you, but I was getting up to some stuff by the time I was that age.”
He has a point. “All right. Let me go first. Do your best to stay out of sight.”
We made it down to the library without encountering anyone. Gil walked over to the French doors. “Doesn’t anyone ever clear out the courtyard?”
“There’s not as many people now.”
Larson’s grand experiment. None of us knew exactly what he’d been trying to accomplish, but he'd envisioned a throng of his descendants living at the house. He and Helene had made a good start, with their five grown children and Larson's nephew, Wilbur. I thought about what Ada had said. None of his plans ever came out the way he wanted.
Perhaps Gil was thinking about our ancestor as well, because he looked over at that massive desk, and the ghost-image sitting behind it. “I wish I could talk to him.” As if in response, Larson vanished.
“Technically, you could. He just won’t answer.”
Gil crossed his arms. “So. Kevin.” He didn’t need to say it out loud; if I didn’t fetch my young cousin, Gilbert would go looking for him.
I saw Luann in the day parlor, but not Kevin. There was only one other place he was likely to be. Sure enough, when I went upstairs, I could hear the TV through the closed door to Luann’s room. Television was against Helene’s rules. She was long gone, yet it was still treated like a dirty little secret.
I gave the door a quick knock, then went in. Kevin was lying on the rug, on his stomach, and looked up. “Mothra vs. Godzilla. It’s half over, though. Want to watch?”
“I have something to show you, Kev. You’ve seen this movie before. Come on downstairs to the library.”
“I’m not supposed to go in there.” Just as I was calculating my chances of getting Gil up there unobserved, he added, “Sometimes I do anyway.”
We ducked through the dining room and into the library, closing the door behind us. Gil was still standing over by the windows. 
Kevin, well trained, came forward and put out his hand. Gil reached for it, visibly struggling not to laugh. Kevin looked puzzled for a moment and tried again.
“You won’t be able to touch him, Kev, he’s not really there.” 
A smile of sheer delight replaced Kevin’s normally grave expression. “Cool!” He put his hand all the way through Gil’s chest, up to the elbow. “Are you dead? When did you die?”
Gil closed his eyes briefly, then went into his spiel about the cotemporal field, and the categories he’d come up with. “I wish I had my notebook!” He glanced over at me entreatingly.
“Sure, I’ll get it.” Back in Gilbert’s room, I moved physically into his time, all in one smooth transition. It was getting easier. I picked up the notebook, then stood there holding it and listening to the silence.
I crept into the hall, peering cautiously into the room with the ivy wallpaper. Deserted, but my sunflower rug was still there. I grabbed it and jump-stepped home.
With a flourish, I settled it back where—or rather, when—it belonged. Then I went back to my old room and looked around at all the things I’d accumulated there, picking out a fat wine bottle filled with paper carnations. Back in 1936, I left it on Albion’s windowsill. 
It made a pretty sight with the light shining through the green glass and the thin paper of the petals. I centered it carefully, since he would not be able to adjust its position; I could have moved it physically into his timeline, but I didn’t.
Returning to the library, I handed the notebook to Kevin. Gil looked disconcerted when he realized it wouldn’t physically exist for him. Kevin started leafing through it, lips parted with fascination.
Gil looked at me. “Renee, show him.”
I stepped back to the alternate past. Still physically in my own timeline, I picked up a metal bookend, shaped like an owl, and carried it carefully across the room. As I walked, I peered through time to watch the two of them, hazy figures more ghostly than any of the house’s actual ghost images. They wouldn’t be able to see me, just the mysteriously levitating bookend. 
Gilbert stepped forward and reached out, grabbing the owl from my hands. It separated, the two copies falling through both our fingers. I reached down to catch it, and at the same time, pulled it toward me. It was something like the way I moved, physically, between timelines. I could see only one owl, now. When I captured it in my cupped hands, I felt no surprise. It was the 1936 bookend, but it was no longer completely there; visible, but intangible, except to me.
I considered bringing it back with me, and enjoying Gilbert’s consternation when he realized that both instances of the owl were fully in my timeline. But then he’ll want to talk and talk about it, and try to make it happen again. I’m not even sure what I did. I set the metal owl on one of the bookshelves, shoving it back into the shadows.
Returning empty-handed to 1989, I saw that Kevin had picked up the bookend there, and was scuffing with his foot at the divot it had left in the floor.
“Let me think about this.” Gilbert was frowning. “I should have been able to take that from you.”
“You unmeshed it. I could have passed it to you if you’d warned me.” Larson was not in evidence, so I sat in his chair as Gil continued to dissect the behavior of the two bookends. Kevin set Gil’s notebook on the desk and they bent over it. I’d brought a lined notebook of my own, and I began to sketch the two of them as they shared their thoughts, Kevin asking questions and turning the pages.
I tuned out their discussion, deflecting Gil’s efforts to draw me in. I was more interested in getting the shape of his face right. I wish he’d hold still. 
The cotemporal laws were less interesting to me, at that point, than the classes I was taking at Moreau’s. I learned something new every time I went there. Not to mention the intriguing glimpses into the world of the Télèt. I was hoping to see Bernard again. Nicole, grimacing in distaste at the mention of his name, had said he sometimes served as a model. I would love to draw him. 
As for Larson, he’s not coming back. We can do what we want. I’ve got his chair. I smiled to myself, and propped my feet up on the desk, crossing them at the ankles.
“Kevin? Kevin, where are you?” Luann's voice, muffled by the thick wooden door that led to the hall.
Neither one of them looked up, and Gil kept talking. I swung my feet down and rapped on the desk to get their attention. “Guys, we'd better wrap things up. Dinnertime.”
Kevin’s eyes were shining. “We can do this again, though, right?”
“Sure.” Gilbert gave me a look, as if double dog daring me to disagree.
“Hey, Gil.” Kevin pointed to a door off to one side, set between the bookshelves and made of that same dark wood. I’d seen it before, without really noticing it. “Do you know what Larson keeps in there?”
Gil frowned and walked over to it. “That’s a good question.” He put his hand on the doorknob, and I heard it rattle as he tried to open it. “Meshed. Also locked.”
I closed my eyes, visualizing what lay on the other side of those shelves. “That would lead to the kitchen… no, wait, the pantry.” 
Kevin said, “I checked it out. The pantry isn’t as wide as the kitchen.”
That made sense. “It’s probably just a closet.”
“It’s got a pretty solid door,” Gil said. It also had an old-fashioned keyhole. The house had very few closets, and I had never seen one that locked.
Once Kevin slipped out of the library, I jumped physically to 1936, while still standing in my own timeline. It took a little extra concentration, but it helped that Gil was standing right there and occupying that same temporal space. I was rewarded by his look of surprise when I took his hand. “We may as well go back from right here.” 
“Hang on. I bet you could bring me all the way through to your time.”
“Let’s see.” I tried to throw myself forward, to lose my balance within the fourth dimension so I could regain my equilibrium in 1989. Something was holding me back, anchoring me in the past. I moved closer to Gil, grabbing his arm. He let go of my hand and put his arm around me.
“I can’t make it work. I don’t know why.” It was like pushing on a boulder.
Gil’s hand slid up my back, over the thin material of my shirt. “We can try again in a minute.” 
I took a deep breath. He smells good. 
He tugged the shirt up, untucking it from my pants, and caressed my bare back. I could feel a trail of heat and electricity where he touched me. I raised my head to look at him, and then we were kissing. He started to unbutton my shirt, one arm still encircling my waist. 
“Gil. Hang on a minute. Stop.”
He shook his head, smiling, and kept unbuttoning. I put both hands on his chest and shoved. “Stop it!”
He let go of me and stepped back, cheeks flushed, running his fingers through his hair. “Jeez, Renee. Sorry.”
My heart was pounding, and my face was probably as red as his. I wanted to slap him. I wanted to step right back into his arms. I wanted to get away from him so I could think.
I hadn’t managed to bring him forward physically, but I did do something new that day. I swept both of us back into the past without any physical contact. I glanced out the window at the neatly groomed courtyard to make sure of what year we were in, then handed him his notebook, holding my shirt closed with the other hand.
“Sorry,” he repeated. “I’ll see you soon, right?”
“I’ll bring Kevin.” I stepped back to the other library, where the courtyard had grown into a wild riot of climbing vines.
7
“Please do have some of these pastries. How do you take your coffee? Or, we have tea if you prefer.” Luann looked from one of our guests to the other, hands moving restlessly.
“Hot water for tea would be lovely. I hope you won’t be offended if I use my own concoction. I have a medical condition that requires me to be very careful.” Moreau, wearing a broad-brimmed straw hat and a colorful ankle-length dress with long sleeves, was sitting in our upstairs lounge, along with Nicole.
“Oh, I’m sorry. Of course that will be fine.”
“No need to be sorry. I manage quite well.”
The family rarely used that upstairs lounge, which was more formal but less comfortable than the day parlor. A dozen matching leather chairs surrounded a low table, where Luann had put a variety of baked goods. The decorative brass bowl that normally held wooden fruit was now filled with fresh bananas. Along with our two guests, almost all of the household was seated there. Wilbur wasn’t present, not surprising at ten in the morning, nor was Marya. Kevin stood off to the side, wearing a suit and tie and holding a tray. He looked like a proper little butler. Luann had asked him to help serve the refreshments, but wearing the suit had been his own idea.
“Thank you for inviting us here. Renee is talented, and it’s a joy to have her in my classes. Even though she’s a legal adult, I like to meet the families of my younger students. Nicole has been studying with me for a couple of years, so she can help answer any questions you might have.”
“You don’t charge any tuition at all?” Jim looked at Moreau with suspicion. I wondered if he’d guessed the nature of her dietary restrictions; if so, it wouldn’t win her any points with him.
“I’m fortunate enough not to need the money, and I prefer that my students are not constrained by any lack of means. I also want to mention that I’ve invited Renee to enter my residential program, for a more intensive course of study.” She smiled at Jim. “No charge for that arrangement, either. If she does enroll, it would be helpful if you could give her an allowance for expenses, if you are able to do so. But it’s not necessary.”
I caught myself holding my breath. They can’t stop me. I’m eighteen. If they cut me off completely, Marya said she can get me in at the coffee shop. 
Luann looked off into the middle distance, eyes not quite in focus, as though someone had struck her. I hadn’t mentioned the offer to any of them. Jim filled the silence. “It would keep you from having to drive her back and forth, I suppose.”
“Oh, we don’t mind about that. It’s only a few miles, and I have other students who help out with the transportation. Nicole, what can you tell them about your experience studying with me ?” 
Nicole, who was making up for Moreau’s lack of interest in the pastries, was raising a cookie to her mouth. She set it down. “It’s a privilege to study with her. I’ve learned a lot. She makes us work some, though. We have the fall arts festival coming up, and we’ll all be busting our—” She raised a hand briefly to her mouth. “We’ll be working really hard to help get ready for that. I’m going to have some work displayed there, and Renee will too, whether she comes to stay with us or not.” Nicole was wearing more clothes than usual, a dress that was not as concealing as Moreau’s, but which covered more than her usual shorts and halter top.
Kevin came back from the kitchen with the coffee and hot water, and Moreau dropped a large teabag into her cup. Luann asked, “If she came to stay with you, where would she be sleeping?”
“I have living quarters over the shop, quite spacious really. Full kitchen, two bedrooms. She would have to share with Nicole. The room has bunk beds, and we could easily move in another dresser for her.” The implication being that the other bedroom was hers. No mention of Frederic, or the vault in the basement where Moreau normally rested during the day. 
Jim glanced up at Larson’s portrait on the wall, as if seeking his input, making me wish we’d met down in the dining room.
There was a bit more social chatter, then our guests took their leave. Jim walked them to the door. Ada, who hadn’t said a word during their visit, formed her gnarled hands into the shape of a bird. “Fly far from here, and be free!”
Luann looked at me. “Renee, is that something you might like to do?” 
I got up to help clear the table. “I’m thinking about it.”
On my way to the kitchen, I sniffed Moreau’s discarded teabag. It didn’t smell like blood. More like turpentine, or an unguent you might put on a scrape to prevent infection, which would sting like fire.
—
Once the little gathering had broken up, I walked over to Kevin. “Why don’t you change out of that suit, and we can go see Gilbert.”
“I like dressing this way. I want to be like Uncle Wilbur.”
I wasn’t sure what he meant by that. “Well, you’re skinny enough. You’d have to give up eating food, you know.”
“I don’t care. I don’t like food that well, anyway.”
“Go change. Your mom won’t like it if anything happens to that suit.” 
He smoothed his tie with one hand, looking sad. I shook my head. “All right, do it your way. Come on over to the east wing.”
Standing in my old bedroom, which was unoccupied now in both timelines, I took Kevin’s hands in mine and stepped into the alternate past. “Hang on a minute, let me try something else.” Maybe pulling him all the way into 1936 would be easier than trying to bring Gilbert physically into my own time. For one thing, Kevin weighed less than I did. We were eye-to-eye in height now, but he was built like a spaghetti strand after his latest growth spurt.
Nothing doing. Not happening. I let go of his hands, and he looked around in wonderment. “We’re really in 1936? All your books are gone, I can see that. And it looks like someone ran into the wall.”
“Let’s go see if Gil is in his room.” I could hear a couple of the guys talking, in Chester’s room, from the sound of it. They won’t see us, unless they come out into the hall.
Gil looked up from his desk with a broad smile when we walked in. Kevin made a circuit of the room, discovering what he could touch, and what he could not. He waded into the desk and stood there, hip-deep. “I’m a ghost! I’m a ghost!”
We heard heavy footsteps in the hall. Albion stood in the doorway looking at us, at Kevin in particular, or the upper half of him, at any rate. “Jesus Christmas, another one.” He turned and walked away.
“By the way,” Gil said, “Albion did appreciate the flowers you left for him. But he misses his rug.”
“It’s my rug.”
“Sweet of you to bring him a bouquet. Very romantic. But then, you are sharing that room. I think your bed is even in the same place, right?” He was smirking. Kevin was ignoring us. 
“Ewww, gross.” It wouldn’t be as bad if it were Chester, the war hero who died young. I couldn’t help looking at Albion and seeing the face of an old man lurking beneath his smooth skin.
Gil glanced at Kevin, who was still waving his hand in and out of the paperwork on the desk, and lowered his voice. “I meant to ask you. That night when your rug got pushed into the past. You said Al was, how did you put it, thrashing and moaning? He didn’t have anyone in there with him, did he?”
“I don’t think so. He was having a bad dream.”
“It was dark though, right? So you can’t be sure.” His face was turning red, and he still had that lascivious expression.
“Come to think of it, there were those two French prostitutes in there. Might have been three of them. Hard to be sure, it was pretty dark.”
He closed his eyes for a moment. “Okay, you got me. New topic. That locked closet in Larson’s library. I think we need to see what’s inside. I know I could break into it, but there’s no way I can get away with that now. In 1936. Could you try again to bring me all the way through? I promise not to get fresh if you don’t want me to. I respect you, Renee, I really do.”
“It’s not going to work. I tried with Kevin earlier, going in the other direction. Same thing. It’s like there’s a barrier. It won’t move, not even a little bit. But I bet I can break that door open. I know how to use tools.”
He looked at me doubtfully. “Perhaps Kevin can help you.”
Kevin, hearing his name, finally turned his attention to us. “Help with what?”
—
An eighty-pound kid wouldn’t be much help, nor did I need Gil looking over my shoulder. I waited until everyone headed upstairs for the evening before starting my assault on the closet door. Maybe the noise won’t carry all the way upstairs. If it does, I can only hope they’ll blame Gilbert’s ghost.
I tried to work the end of the flat pry-bar into the space between the door and the jamb, but it was too tight. I positioned it as best I could and struck the flat end with the hammer. It was even louder than I’d thought it would be. The sound hurt my ears. I hit it a couple more times anyway, as hard as I could, having no detectable effect beyond a couple of shallow marks in the doorjamb.
A rubber mallet would cut out a lot of the noise, but I hadn’t seen one. Maybe if I folded up a piece of cloth, and used it as padding? I looked at the small indentations I’d managed to create, and examined the doorway more closely, looking for a better way to attack the problem. The hinges, perhaps…?
“I think I know where the key is.” 
I hadn’t heard Wilbur come in. The startlement was like an electric shock. Ears ringing, I turned around. “Hey, that would be really helpful.”
He walked over to the desk at the center of the room, reaching through Larson to open a drawer. “Gilbert again, I suppose.” I didn’t answer. “Ah, here we are. Let’s have a look.”
He unlocked the door and opened it wide. The little room inside was dark, with a stale odor. It was mostly empty, except for a framework of metal tubes like the ones I’d seen in the north wing. A few odds and ends lay on shelves at the far end of the room, deep in shadow.
“What are those pipes, do you have any idea?”
Wilbur laid a hand on one of them. “They contain the conduit that creates and maintains the cotemporal field. Live conduit is very dangerous, so the pipe provides some degree of safety. Although, these are dead. You can feel a vibration if they’re active. I laid my share of cotemporal conduit, back in the day. Larson had work crews for most of the construction on this place, but he wouldn’t let them touch this stuff. That was done by the family, and we all pitched in.”
He spotted something on a shelf, went to get it, and handed it to me. A metal rod, a couple of feet long and as big around as a hot dog. It had an unpleasantly oily feel. “Here’s a scrap of conduit. Perfectly safe, without the field energies running through it.”
“What about the singularity?”
“That’s different, but I can’t really tell you how. The physical infrastructure is the same. Larson tried to explain it to me, but I could never follow the math. The only ones who could were Larson himself, Ada, and her brother Deacon. The rest of us were just grunt labor to him. And breeding stock.”
“Deacon. He died young, right?”
Wilbur let out a hiss of air through his teeth. “I hope to God he’s dead. For his sake. There was some kind of accident inside the singularity. Ada was there when it happened. She said her brother had become a scream that echoed through all eternity. Not let out a scream. Became one.”
He closed the door and locked it, walked back over to the desk, and dropped the key back into the drawer. “That’s all in the past. Which is a splendid place to leave it. Your future is not back there, not with Gilbert. You can meet a nice young man out there in the world, if that’s what you want for yourself. Bring him back here if you like. This house isn’t a bad place to live at all, as long as certain things are left alone.” 
8
I heard footsteps in the hall outside my room. It was Gilbert, standing taller than usual, as if he were balancing an invisible book on his head. 
“Hi, Gil.”
“I’m here! Or should I say, now. The language isn’t ready for all this, is it.”
“Here and now, as the werewolf said. ‘Wolf, right here and now.’”
When Gil didn’t get my references, he generally ignored them. “I’ve got a few more verifications to run. Do you have a few minutes?”
He didn’t mean a few minutes. “I’ve got class tonight.”
“Kevin could help me. I can play the role of the ghost, now, the way you usually do.” Gil continued to look pleased with himself. “Can you go find him?” 
I sighed. “Sure. Congratulations on learning to time travel.” What have I done?
“I'm not as good at it as you are. Not yet. I’m sure it’ll come to me. So far, I’m just a visual manifestation. Cotemporal phenomenon type five.”
“I’ve been meaning to come and tell you, I got a look inside that closet, the one in the library. The key is in Larson’s desk. Top left drawer.” 
He slapped his palm against his forehead. “The key. Right. I’m glad one of us thought of that.”
“I didn’t,” I said, as insolently as I could manage. “A little birdy told me.”
He let that pass. “What's in there, anyway?”
“Nothing much. More of those pipes, like in the north wing.”
“I definitely want to see that. Did you show Kevin?”
“Not yet.” I'd meant to, but had forgotten all about it. It’s not that interesting. “Tell him about the key. I'm sure he'll want to take a look.”
I walked up to the door of the day parlor just in time to see Aunt Janice blow Uncle Marvin’s face off with the family shotgun. One of the uglier images to get caught in a repeating loop, and unfortunately, not one of the silent ones. My arrival might have triggered it, but nobody would blame me for the disruption. 
Stormy weather could also set these events off, as could family members living in the present who showed strong emotion. The images seemed to build up a potential of energy over time, and at some point, they would discharge like static electricity. Or a gun. Marvin was buried down in the cellar, as was Janice, although she’d lived out her full span of years.
Kevin, at that point, was only pretending to read the comic book he’d been enjoying a few moments before. I got his attention, and he came out into the hall, still clutching the latest New Mutants. 
As we headed for the stairs, he said, “Let me ask you about something, Renee. I want to move to one of the rooms in the east wing.”
“What does your mom say?”
“I haven’t told her yet. I wanted to make sure it was okay with you.” 
“Feel free.” The neighborhood is getting crowded, but I don’t want to hurt Kev’s feelings, and he has every right. “My advice? Pick a room that’s not occupied in 1936. And, not too close to the singularity, okay?” 
—
When Wilbur, Imogene and Marya walked into the back room of the gallery, Moreau broke off her private tete-a-tete with Frederic and called to them from across the room. “We're not holding class here tonight. I'm going to take Frederic and the girls to the tower.”
Nicole and I were standing over by the refreshment table. She leaned close to me and muttered, “Oh joy, another fun trip to vampire central.”
Moreau was on the other side of the room, too far away to hear, or so I would have thought. She looked over at us and asked, “Nicole, would you prefer to stay home?”
“No, I’ll behave.” Nicole didn’t bother to raise her voice.
Wilbur's downturned eyes always made him look sad; the effect intensified as he drew his brows together and a pair of vertical lines appeared on his forehead. “Moreau, I don’t—”
Marya clasped her hands together in prayer. “Will-burr! Please!”
“If you would prefer that Marya not be included, I understand. But I’m going to close up shop, and I can't imagine she would want to stay here alone.”
Wilbur walked closer to Moreau and started talking in that whispery speech they use, psst psst psst, still looking unhappy. Imogene rolled her eyes at the ceiling and opened one hand in an extravagant gesture, as if hoping to receive a gift of wisdom from on high.
Marya made a sudden dash for the restroom. I followed her in there, hoping for some additional clues about what was going on. She was peering intently into the mirror, touching up her makeup. “If I’d known, I would have worn something—I don’t know. I guess this is okay.”
“You look great. What’s this tower she's talking about?”
She looked at me with a slight frown. “You be careful. I’ve heard some things. It’s different for me, I’ll be fine. Wilbur is my protector. Imogene, too, in case he’s not around. But you… well, Moreau wants to bring you, so stay close to her and you should be all right.”
“It sounds like there’s some doubt as to whether you’ll be going at all.”
She smiled at me as if she knew something I didn’t, but couldn’t be bothered to explain, and went back into the main studio room as rapidly as she’d left. I glanced at my reflection and followed, with less haste. 
“Renee, if I could see you in the other room.” Moreau rarely closed her office door, but she did now, taking a seat behind her desk and looking at me thoughtfully. “Abbey Keep, or more specifically, the tower room.” Reading my expression, she added, “You’ve never heard of it. Good. Nicole is basically correct, if not particularly subtle. I think you would find it an interesting experience, but I want to make it clear, you don’t have to go if you don’t want to. I was going to have this conversation with you before we left, but I didn't want Wilbur and Imogene leaving Marya here without knowing our plans.”
“Marya seems to think it’s not entirely safe.” I wasn’t worried, just probing for more data.
“She's never been there. Wilbur has been filling her head with all sorts of stories. Not all of them entirely false. We don’t have to go tonight. If we stay here, instead, I could have Wilbur model for us. Or Imogene. We Télèt are able to hold very still, you know. We don’t have the problems with our circulation. There’s not as much to circulate.”
“I want to go. Definitely.”
“I thought you’d say that. Here’s what I’d like you to do. Stick with Nicole, until you get your bearings. She knows how to stay out of trouble. That doesn’t mean you have to make all the same choices she does. When you feel more comfortable, you can make up your own mind.”
“I’ll be fine. I’ve been making a lot of my own decisions since I was twelve.” Since the day I’d picked out my room in the east wing, refusing to stay in the one Luann had given me. 
“All right. Remember, if anyone tries to bother you, just tell them to leave you alone.”
Back in the main room, Moreau clapped her hands. “All right, people! We’ll take the van. Frederic, please bring it around to the back. Students, this doesn’t mean you get the night off. Bring your sketchpads. Observe, and record your impressions. I will review your work at the end of our field trip.”
The van turned out to be the perfect size for our group. Frederic surrendered the driver’s seat to Moreau and rode shotgun, while Marya sat in the back, bookended by her two protectors. This left a two-person bench for Nicole and me. As we pulled onto the highway, she told me, “So, Moreau wants us to stick together tonight, and that’s exactly what we’ll do. The main thing is, stay in the tower room or the restricted compound. I’ll show you around. Just, if anyone offers you a tour of the lower levels or anything like that, tell them no. There’s some cool stuff down there, but wait until Moreau has a chance to show you. She can tell you all the stories, too.”
“Yes,” Moreau called out from up front. “We will save the lower levels for another time.”
We drove out into the country, then turned on a smooth asphalt drive marked by a small but elegant sign reading Four Winds Corporate Retreat. The narrow black ribbon beneath the van's wheels took us on a winding course through the forest. The thickness of the tree trunks attested that the land hadn't been logged in many years, if ever.
A rabbit darted into the road, zig-zagging crazily so that Moreau had to tap the brakes to avoid it. Nicole called out, “Don’t kill the bunny!” There was a note of challenge in her voice.
Moreau didn’t respond, but from behind us, Marya added, “Not with the car, anyway.” One of her seat-mates shushed her.
The van slowed again. There was a small hut to our left, with windows all around. I couldn’t see any lights on in there. Moreau didn’t come to a complete stop. She rolled down her window and directed a careless wave at the darkened interior of the structure. Ahead of us, I could see movement on the road, metal spikes flattening down into the surface. Moreau continued going slow until these had completely retracted, then sped up again.
The spikes reminded me of the time Wilbur had shown me his fangs, shortly after I came to live at the house. When I asked him why he slept down in the basement, he explained matter-of-factly that he was a vampire. Despite the stories my mother had told me, I didn’t believe him. I challenged him to turn into a bat, and he laughed at me. 
The next time I saw him, I confessed to spying on him with a hand mirror and finding that he did, in fact, cast a reflection. He sighed and covered his eyes with his hand. Then he extended what he called his ‘blood teeth,’ sharp and curved like a cat’s claws, arcing forward and down to touch his lower lip. I was convinced. “You wouldn’t bite me, though, right?”
“Certainly not until you’re much older. Probably not even then.”
More recently, I’d asked him to let me take another look, because I was doing a drawing based on Interview with the Vampire. I wanted to make sure I got it right. He’d told me to use my imagination.
—
We came to the top of a hill, and the darkness ahead of us was broken by something that looked like a faery crown of stars. Several tiers of it, with the top and center being the brightest, flickering like a flame. This enchanting spectacle vanished into the darkness as we entered an underground parking garage.
Moreau found a spot for the van, and we climbed a set of wide concrete stairs. At the top, there was a man in a black uniform sitting behind a counter, which was made of white stone with darker veins running through it.
“Lady Moreau.” The guy in the uniform pushed a button, and a set of elevator doors opened.
“Evening, Jonathan,” Moreau said as she strode past. The rest of us, none of whom rated any special greeting, followed.
Once we were inside, the elevator doors closed. There were buttons on the wall, but nobody touched any of them. We rose, the doors opened, and we walked out into a large circular room.
Support columns and painted screens created little alcoves, containing couches and chairs, giving an intimate feel to the space. Huge wooden doors were set into the outside walls, most of them open to the night air. At the center was a fire pit surrounded by an open area. 
Wilbur and his ladies moved off together, and Frederic went in another direction, speaking to some of those he passed, looking entirely at home. Moreau turned to Nicole and me. “Remember what I told you. I’ll be around.” She threaded her way through the maze and was gone.
“I see a good place to sit.” Nicole led the way across the room. I followed, looking with interest at the painted screens. I could hear music, and saw a group of people sitting together and playing instruments.
Nicole sat on a short couch sheltered by a lacquered screen and a potted tree with shiny oval leaves, and I joined her there. I studied our surroundings, not ready to get out my sketchpad. A lot of the people I saw, both men and women, wore uniforms like the one we’d seen on the lower level, some gray rather than black. 
Other than the uniforms, attire was varied. I saw jeans and sweatshirts, business suits and formal evening wear, costumes that looked like they came from previous eras or other cultures. A man in an all-white tuxedo circulated around the room with a tray of wine glasses, all of which contained the same translucent pink fluid. A short time later I saw a woman carrying a similar tray and wearing a floor-length white gown. The liquid in the glasses looked faintly luminescent, but I told myself it must be a trick of the light.
“See that doorway with the blue sign?” Nicole pointed. On the other side of a stone archway, a stairwell led downward. Above it was the sign she was talking about, which wasn’t in English. “That’s important. In case you need to use the bathroom. They have food, too. That’s the restricted compound, and the Télèt are not allowed in there. Which might seem strange, this is their place, but it’s their own rule. Don’t get confused and go down those other stairs.” Pointing again. She was breaking it down pretty basic for me, but I didn’t mind. I had some sensory overload going on.
“So, what else. All those people in the monochrome outfits, those are their security uniforms. Doesn’t mean they’re on duty, some of them wear it all the time. Black ones are Nightwatch, and they're Télèt. The ones in light gray are warmbloods, like us.” Just then, the man in the tuxedo passed close to us with his tray, and Nicole grabbed a glass. She saw me looking, and shook her head.
“Not on your first night. You can have a sip of mine. It’s not alcohol, but it has a similar effect on some people. It’s called zalika, or zali for short. It’s popular with just about everybody.”
Sure enough, I saw some of the black-uniformed people sipping at similar glasses. “Um. What’s it made out of?”
Nicole laughed. “Is there blood in it? Who can tell. Human blood? Unknown. It’s never done me any harm, or anybody else that I’m aware of. Other than getting people relaxed enough to do things they might not otherwise.” She took a sip, then handed me the glass.
Close up, it was almost clear. “Is it just me, or is it glowing?”
“The more of it you drink, the more it glows. But don’t ever drink more than one glass. Not here. If you want to get really mellow on the stuff sometime, Moreau keeps a few bottles at her place.”
I took a cautious sip. It had a light, pleasant, slightly sweet flavor. I allowed a little more to trickle into my mouth.
“Hey, that’s enough for now, give it back. We need to find out if you’re one of the people who gets really loopy on the stuff.”
“Seriously? From one sip?”
“Okay, have a bit more. That’s plenty. I may have to get another glass, this one doesn’t count.” Nicole took out her sketchpad and set the zalika down on a nearby table. “Time to get to work.”
9
‘Record your impressions,’ Moreau had told us. That might be the best I can do. The lighting was dim and uneven, from the fire and scattered low-wattage fixtures hanging from the ceiling. 
Observing the open area near the fire pit, I started sketching a man wearing a track suit, blue with white piping down the sides. People came up to him, spoke for a few minutes and moved on, but he stayed in the same place long enough for me to make a few studies of him.
He had an interesting face. His most distinctive feature was his mouth, wide but thin-lipped, mobile and expressive as he spoke. He gazed around the room as he conversed, surveying everything with a somehow proprietary air. 
After I'd been working awhile, a shadow moved across my face, and I looked up. Nicole leaned over and studied my work, leafing back to review the earlier efforts.
“These are pretty good. But if you keep staring at Lord Kiernan, he’s liable to come over here and strike up a conversation.” The way she said it suggested that wouldn’t be a good thing at all.
“What is he, the head vampire or something?”
Nicole winced, but she was smiling. In a barely audible whisper, she said, “Be careful what you say, they have really good hearing. But, yeah, basically.”
“Sorry,” I said, in case any of them were listening. “No offense intended.” Nicole shrugged one shoulder, perhaps assuming I was talking to her.
I decided I had enough drawings of that guy, anyway, and looked around the room for a new subject. If I should happen to see Bernard Moreau, I want to do a few sketches of him. That face. 
He was nowhere in sight. My eyes kept gravitating to one of those oversized chairs where a number of people were sitting, all jumbled together and piled on top of each other, so I couldn’t tell how many there were. At least four of them, maybe five, crammed into a space designed for one or two. It didn’t look comfortable at all. They must all be Télèt, and immune to problems with their circulation.
As I watched, one of them pulled a gray-uniformed woman on top of the pile, prompting a burst of laughter from several people in the vicinity. She stayed there for a moment, then got up and walked away, smiling and shaking her head. The rest of them were lying still, but I was too intimidated to try drawing the entire group. I wouldn’t know where to begin.
I turned back toward the fire pit. I no longer saw Lord Kiernan, but there was Moreau, and Frederic, standing close behind her with his arms around her shoulders. I had to capture that on paper. I looked over and saw Nicole was focused on them as well. Softly, I asked, “Are they a couple? I’ve never been sure if they were just kidding around, or what.”
“He’s her consort.”
I'd almost finished my drawing when someone walked between us and our subjects, pausing to speak with them. I flexed my fingers, rubbing at the spot where I rested my pencils. “Nicole, I’m ready for a break. Do you think it would be all right if I walked around the room?”
“Sure. Just stay out of those back corners where the light doesn’t reach.” The room was roughly round in shape, but had plenty of corners.
I was particularly interested in the painted screens, which represented a wide variety of styles. A couple of times I looked behind the wrong one, and saw people getting intimate with each other; in one case, there were more than two of them involved. I went over to one of the big open doors spaced around the perimeter of the room. Walking closer, I saw it led to a balcony, where a man and woman stood with their arms around each other’s waists, looking out into the night. I hung back in the doorway, wondering if it represented one of the lights I’d seen from the van.
The couple standing at the railing broke apart and turned to look at me. The woman asked, “Won’t you come join us?” I shook my head and backed away.
“Thanks, but I’d better go check on my friend.”
I walked back to the couch. Nicole, ninety percent of her attention on what she was drawing, asked me, “So, did you see anyone getting bitten?” She didn’t bother to lower her voice.
“No, I—actually, I’m not sure.” Come to think of it, I did see some things that could be interpreted in that light.
“They’re not supposed to do that in the main tower room, but it happens. Usually not until later in the evening.” She set down her drawing pad. “If the zali was going to hit you hard, it would have by now. How are you feeling?”
“Hungry.”
She peered into my eyes. “Yeah, you’re fine. You can have a glass of your own after we eat. I’m getting another one, too. You drank half of mine.” I guess our one-glass limit just got expanded. 
We scrounged up a light meal in the main area of the restricted compound—a large, utilitarian room that reminded me of my elementary school cafeteria. After we ate, we went back upstairs, where we found our teacher waiting for us.
“All right, let’s see.” Moreau leafed through Nicole’s drawings first. I looked over her shoulder at the skillful renderings of that amazing pile of bodies I'd been afraid to attempt. “You had mentioned wanting to try some sculpture, Nicole, and this is a possibility. We can discuss it further back at the studio. I'd better get Renee home before her family starts to worry.”
“It’s fine, they won’t wait up.” Mostly because they think I'm in bed, asleep, by now.
Moreau handed Nicole back her sketchpad, and took mine. She flipped past the drawings of herself and Frederic without comment, then slowed down when she got to the ones of Lord Kiernan. “Your figure studies are improving nicely. The proportions. You’ve captured Stephan perfectly. He’s my mentor, did you know that?”
“Have I seen any of his work at the gallery?”
“Not like that. My mentor in the blood. Just as Imogene is mentor to Wilbur.”
She looked around the room, then put one hand on my back to encourage me to go with her as she walked toward the fire pit. “I have to introduce you. Stephan!”
He looked up, then broke off a conversation and turned to Moreau. “Stephan, you must meet my talented new student, Renee. Wilbur’s young cousin. She's been drawing you.”
She still had my sketchpad, and held it out to him, but he didn’t take the hint. He nodded to me and said, “Welcome to Abbey Keep, Renee.” Then he said something to Moreau in their language.
“Yes,” she responded, “perhaps tomorrow.”
He looked at me again and added, “A pleasure to meet you.” Then he turned away, apparently finding neither me nor my drawings to be of much interest. Which was fine with me. I was still savoring the compliment Moreau had given me about the proportions of my figures.
—
Sitting at my desk, I could hear music coming from Kevin’s new room. He'd discovered a pile of old records, and appropriated Grandma’s turntable. One of The Beatles was letting us know that he was the walrus. Coo-coo k’choo.
It was a restful sound, but I couldn’t focus on the still life I was supposed to be working on. My head hurt, and I felt no enthusiasm for anything. I glanced through my sketchbook. What made me think any of these were good? I should just tear them up.
Movement caught my eye, at the edge of my peripheral vision. I turned and saw Gil’s face protruding through the door. I was balanced on the back two legs of my chair, and was startled enough that I almost tipped over.
“Ever hear of knocking?” He could have, on the wall.
“I waved, but I guess you didn’t see me. Anyway, you’re decent.” He walked the rest of the way in. “I’ve been thinking. Your timeline and mine seem to be synchronized somehow. I think we’ve worn a groove between the two, in effect. What I’d like to try next, is finding a way to get to other times. I’m particularly interested in when Larson was still around.”
“I’m not even sure how to go about that.”
“Come down to the library with me. I have an idea.”
“I’m busy. Sorry.” I picked up the sketchbook and waved it at him. I had no desire to meet Larson. “I’ll bet Kevin would help you out with that, though.”
“I don’t think he’d be much use, in this case. You’re much better at this stuff. Lots of people can draw, but that other talent of yours is pretty unique. I wish I could do it as well as you can.”
My headache was getting worse. “Gil, I have things to do. I’ll talk to you some other time. Goodbye.”
“You can’t make me leave. I’m not technically here.”
“I’m telling you to get the hell out, Gilbert. This is my room.”
“I’m not leaving until you hear me out. The only way we’re going to be able to continue with Larson’s research into the cotemporal—”
I stood up. “I don’t give a fuck about Larson! Get out!” I was raising my voice, and Kevin might hear, but I was beyond caring. “If you won’t leave, then I guess I’ll have to.” I strode to the door, passing right through him. I knew he hated that, and I was glad.
He followed me down the hall. “I don’t know where you think you’re going. All I’m asking is that you help me out with something here. Let’s go down to the library and talk about this for a few minutes, all right? You have a gift, which you’re apparently too ungrateful to appreciate. But that means you also have a responsibility. We are Larson’s heirs, whether you like it or not.”
“Stop following me.” I thought about going outside, but then I had a better idea. “You know what, I’m going down in the cellar and hang out with Wilbur for a while. His manners are much better than yours.”
“Renee, wait. Don’t do that. Let’s just talk about this for a minute, can you at least do that for me?”
I didn’t bother to answer. I’d reached the metal door at the top of the cellar steps, which I opened and went through, then closed in his face. The cotemporal field only extended a hands-breadth below the floor, so he couldn't pursue me any farther. 
Down in the cellar, afternoon sunlight slanted through a few high windows, making the whole question of Wilbur hypothetical. There was enough light for me to see the empty shelves, once used for food supplies, and the family graveyard with its neat rows of headstones. Even in death, we were expected to remain within the confines of the house.
There were a few rudimentary rooms partitioned off on one end of the cellar. Wilbur had a dresser and wardrobe in one of them, but no bed of any kind. I had no idea where he slept. The other rooms were filled with a jumble of discarded items. I went into one of these, and threw myself into an old recliner. I didn’t really want to be down there, but Gilbert might still be waiting, ready to continue arguing. It made me tired just thinking about it. I closed my eyes.
—
I was leaving my body. Rising up, floating through the layers of wood that made up the floor of the kitchen. I could see everything in vivid detail. Through the kitchen ceiling, then I was in Grandma Beatrice’s old room. I wanted to hang out there and look at her beautiful old things, but I was like a balloon filled with helium, lighter than air. Up into the attic, through the roof, and into the open air.
It was a clear day, and I could see for miles. It was wonderful at first. I was naked, and the sunlight caressed my bare skin, coating me with gold. As soon as I made this comparison, the dream grew less pleasant. The gold was so heavy. So hot. Pressing me back down toward the house. I tried to struggle, but the roof kept getting closer, looking ominous and burnt. 
The black tiles were some kind of solar medium Larson had used, part of the field mechanism. I’d heard Jim talking about the way they had to be maintained. Now, they looked like charred wood, and there was no life beneath them. The sun overhead was mercilessly bright, pushing me inexorably downward with the weight of its radiance.
I opened my eyes into darkness. There was no light at all. I wanted to scream, but I felt paralyzed, unable to even draw a deep breath. Somewhere in the main room of the cellar, I could hear movement. Soft footfalls, coming toward me.
“Renee? What on earth.” Wilbur. I went limp with relief.
“She looks very warm.” Imogene’s soft voice. I felt a cold hand on my forehead, then I was scooped up like a small child.
“I can walk. Put me down!” I imagined the humiliation of Marya seeing me carried upstairs like this.
“I’ll get the door.” I heard Imogene on the stairs. Wilbur did not put me down. To my relief, the kitchen was dark.
Up another flight of stairs, then Wilbur was knocking on Luann’s door.
“Who’s there?”
“Wilbur. Open the door, please.”
“Go away!” 
He sighed. “I have Renee here. I think she’s running a fever.”
That brought her to the door. “Oh, lord. Put her in my mama’s room.”
They settled me into Grandma Beatrice’s old four-poster bed with its luxurious cloud of quilts. There I remained for the better part of three days, barely able to make it to the lavatory, eating off a tray and coughing up what seemed like gallons of phlegm.
Eventually I felt well enough to sit up and read. Luann came and sat next to me on the bed. “I’m glad to see you on the mend. I called the art school to let them know you won’t be in until next week, at the earliest.”
“Okay, thanks.” I didn’t feel up to going anywhere yet, but I was recovered enough to wish I could, to feel a pang of sadness at missing class. I thought of Nicole with her bold use of color, Frederic and his confident, cartoonish renditions. Moreau.
“Renee, you could stay in this room even once you’re feeling better. We could move Mama’s things into storage.”
“Once I’m back on my feet, I’m going to go live at the art school. For a while, at least. I could stay in here on weekends. When I come home to visit.”
She laid the back of one hand against my forehead for a moment, then got up and walked away.
10
Nicole and I were having a late lunch on the back patio of The Flying Crouton, a welcome change from TV dinners and peanut butter sandwiches. 
“Sometimes I’m jealous of you,” she said, staring morosely into her tea. “Going home every weekend, hanging out with your family. I can’t imagine what it must be like to have a normal life.”
I was taking a sip of Dr. Pepper, and some of it came out my nose. It burned. “A normal life, I don’t know about that.”
“Yeah.” Nicole got that way sometimes. Moody. “You know I’m from one of the old communities, right? The Vieux.”
I’d overheard a few things about that. “So you’re, what, some kind of elves?” In my defense, she certainly looked the part.
She turned on me in a sudden fury. “We’re as human as you are! There’s certainly been enough interbreeding to prove it.” She attacked her tofu-burger as if she were afraid it might fight back.
“Sorry, I didn’t—”
“We’re just a group of people with certain traditions.” At a quarter to three in the afternoon, we had the place to ourselves, but she lowered her voice. 
“Part of it has to do with the Télèt. They like to hire us for stuff, because we already know about them. And there’s the needle, of course. Their second-favorite thing in the world, if they can’t actually bite somebody, is to have some high-quality human blood in a bag. They pay a lot of money for that.”
She sounded so grim about it. I picked at my BLT, not enjoying it as much as I’d expected to.
Nicole sipped her tea, grimaced, and added more sugar. “You want to hear something funny? My parents are convinced I’ve joined the Télene. I tried to tell them, that’s not the way it is. But when I go home to visit, it’s like they can’t see me, can’t hear me. My mother keeps telling me to get plenty of iron in my diet.” She was smiling a little now, but still looked sad.
“Télene—I’ve heard that, but I’m not sure I understand what it means. Those are the consorts?”
“Just the female ones. There’s no exact male equivalent. The women are more protected, that’s part of it, but not the whole story. They’re very cliquish. It’s sort of a cult, or maybe more like a sorority. Bear in mind, most of what I know about it is second-hand. Stuff I heard from a former friend of mine.”
“Is that why you’re not friends anymore, because she joined the Télene?”
Nicole shook her head. “Other reasons. Renee, don’t look, but there’s some guys over by the fence, watching us.”
Of course I turned to look. One of the men was gazing in our direction, but as soon as our eyes met, he glanced away. A moment later, both of them headed down the sidewalk.
“I guess they were checking us out.” I was still getting used to the outside world, trying to get a handle on what was normal, and what might be cause for alarm.
“Maybe that’s all it was. But the Télèt have enemies, and we could be targeted for being associated with them. We’ll have to watch ourselves on our way back to the gallery.” She shrugged. “Probably nothing. Or just regular creepy guys. Back to what we were talking about, another word you should know is teleni. If any of them calls you that, get out of there as fast as you can. At that point, they’re trying for a sample.”
I didn’t want to make her mad again. But I really wanted her to keep talking about people getting bitten by the vampires. “So, did you ever…” I couldn’t think of a polite way to ask. I didn’t have to.
“One time.” She made a face as if she’d discovered something unpleasant in her teacup. “You’ve met Moreau’s protégé, Bernard. I guess I wanted to see what all the fuss was about. It was disgusting. I mean, it feels good, in a way. There’s something in their saliva. But at the same time, it’s awful. Like they’re sucking all the life out of you. I never wanted to feel anything like that again, but he kept following me around with this sad look on his face, until Moreau made him leave me alone.”
I decided that was all the information I was likely to get from her on the topic. I wished there was somebody else I could talk to about this, to get a different perspective, but I couldn’t picture myself asking Marya about it. Or Frederic.
“We have some weird traditions in my family, too. That’s why I thought it was funny when you said that about living a normal life. For a long time—I’m talking several generations—we weren’t allowed to leave the house, hardly at all. The older ones still don’t. And the place is full of ghosts. Sometimes you can talk to them.”
“Straight-up ghosts? Seriously?”
“Not dead people, really. I mean, some of them are dead. But it’s more like images from the past. Sometimes they can see and hear you, other times it’s more like a movie.”
“Seriously.” Nicole didn’t sound convinced.
“I know you didn’t see anything like that when you were there with Moreau. We didn’t want you to. That's why we were in that upstairs lounge, we don't usually get a lot of them in there. Tell you what. Come to the house for lunch on Saturday, and I’ll give you the grand tour.”
“Okay, yeah, that sounds good. I’d like to see that.”
I had an ulterior motive. “How about if you let me drive?”
“Sure. I mean, you know how, right?”
“No. But you can teach me.”
“Do you even have a learner’s permit, or anything?” I shook my head. She laughed. “Sure, why not!” 
Figured I could talk her into it. I was looking forward to giving her that tour, although I wasn’t sure how Luann and the others would react. Guess I’ll find out.
—
The next time Moreau brought us to the tower room, I decided to go exploring. I watched the entrance to that other stairwell for a while. I saw people coming and going, sometimes in pairs and groups, sometimes alone. I was particularly interested when I saw warmbloods by themselves, identifying them by their gray uniforms or recognizing them from the restricted compound. After I counted three separate warmblooded women going down there without any sort of escort, I got up and walked casually in that direction, half-expecting someone to stop me.
Nicole was sitting in another part of the room, and when I glanced over at her, her attention was focused on her sketchpad. I got to the head of the stairs and paused. I remembered all those dire warnings from the first time I’d visited, but Moreau’s injunction to stay with Nicole had clearly applied to that first trip. If anyone tries to bother you, just tell them to leave you alone. 
I headed down the stairs. A pair of people going the other way nodded to me as we passed. The staircase only went down one level, to a broad hallway with doors on both sides, most of them closed. Through one of the open doors, I caught a glimpse of someone sitting at a desk and heard the sound of rapid typing. 
There were more stairs. This level didn’t interest me, so I headed down. More doors, and alcoves with statues in them, human figures in odd poses, like some strange dance. This is more like it. I took out my sketchpad and leaned against a wall.
“Excuse me, are you looking for something down here?”
Busted. I turned and saw one of the black-uniformed security officers. Then I recognized him. Bernard Moreau. 
“Hi, Bernard. Just checking out the art.”
He smiled as if he’d won a prize. “You remember me. How flattering. We barely met. Now we have a chance to get to know one another, Renee.” The way he said my name was like a cat, purring. 
I forgot how gorgeous he is. In the same class as Frederic, but in a different way. Either one of them could have been a Hollywood leading man, but while Frederic might have been tapped to play the hometown sports hero, Bernard would have been cast as the lonesome cowboy who rides into town to shoot things out with a gang of desperados.
“I was just getting ready to sketch some of these statues.” Breathe, Renee. Frederic’s good looks never had this kind of effect on me. I wanted to draw Bernard, just so I'd have an excuse to keep looking at him. 
“This old stuff is boring. You should see some of Jeanette’s statuary while you’re down here. Come this way.” He put one hand on my back and pointed down the hall with the other. “Have you seen the Chapel Hall?”
“I don’t think so.”
“You’d remember if you had. Down this way. It’s not much farther.”
We turned a corner. There was an open area ahead of us, where there was something different about the lighting. It looked like sunlight on a cloudy day. Even if we're about to walk out under the open sky, it's nighttime.
“These lower levels are like a maze. When we originally acquired this property, over a century ago, the only building was an abandoned monastery. That’s where we’re going now, but it’s become entirely enveloped by newer construction. There’s also a network of caves that can be reached from down here. That’s why it’s best that you have someone to show you around, if you’re not used to it.”
Ah yes, the tour of the lower levels that I was supposed to decline. I smiled, very aware of Bernard’s hand on my back, separated from my skin only by a thin layer of synthetic silk. It had felt chilly when he’d first put it there, not that I’d minded. Now it was warm. 
We walked into the old chapel. The ceiling rose up and up to a high peak, an open space intersected by wooden support beams. The walls were formed of stone blocks, set with stained glass windows, which were well above eye level. Looking up, I forgot about Bernard for the moment.
There were angels, or possibly cherubs. Mary with her infant. Doves, and at the front of the room, Jesus dying in agony on his cross. All lit from behind, and softly illuminating the room. Gazing up at them made me dizzy.
“Not our religion, but they are beautiful. I’ll tell you a secret. They weren’t here when we bought the place. A mix of authentic antiques and reproductions. Here's the statue I wanted to show you.”
We walked between two rows of wooden pews, to a raised platform, where a life-sized female figure dominated the front of the room. Her head was thrown back, hands formed into claws, and her hair fell in waves all the way to the floor. Hiding within it were all manner of creatures, human and animal, even birds. One of these looked about to take flight.
“The Goddess,” Bernard said.
“Moreau did this?” I sank into the front pew, already planning out how I would draw the statue. I could put one of the round windows in the background to frame the image. Like a halo.
“Yes, many years ago.” He sat next to me, stroking my back in a soft, circular motion, rising higher until his fingers were resting against the side of my neck.
“Taking my pulse?” I was proud of myself for how steady my voice sounded. Like I did this kind of thing all the time, dropping occasional wisecracks along the way. The sensation of his fingers on my skin was exquisite. I didn’t ever want him to stop.
Quite close to my ear, he murmured, “Oh, I can hear your pulse from across the room.” Caressing my neck, now. “I can also smell your blood right through your skin.”
“Um.” You need some new lines, Bernard, but I don’t care. What you’re doing to my neck, that’s perfect. I have a feeling you’ll have to stop talking pretty soon, anyway.
“Bernard, I need to have a word with my student.”
He got up suddenly and stood there glaring at Moreau, sheer rage in his eyes, for a long moment before he dropped his gaze and stalked out of the room. She turned to watch him go.
I stood up and went over to the statue, examining it more closely, to give myself a chance to catch my breath. When I turned to face Moreau, she was looking at me, and Bernard was gone.
“I really love this statue. So beautiful.” I meant it, but I was also hoping to introduce a topic unrelated to what had been going on when she walked in.
“I thought we had a talk about these lower levels.”
“You said, not on that first visit.” My blood still felt like it was racing, overheating. Trying to get out.
Moreau’s laughter echoed wildly off the high stone walls. She no longer reminded me of Mrs. Molina from the third grade, not even a little bit.
“All right, then. I do want to talk to you about this, and after that I will leave you to your own devices. Come with me.” She led me back down the hallway. After a couple of turns, she stopped next to a large wooden door. “One moment.” She melted through the wall, and I caught a glimpse of the room beyond. I didn’t realize until later that most people would not have been able to see that.
She opened the door from inside, then closed it once I’d walked in. There was a table near the center of the room with high stools around it. I sat on one, and saw a miniature landscape, with roads and forest and a little building topped with a round tower. It was marked with a flag, as were several other locations on the table. There were maps and charts hung on all the walls, covering them.
“We can talk in here. Don’t draw anything, this is all top secret. Now, first of all, did you intend to find yourself in that situation with Bernard? Because if you did, I owe you an apology.”
“Um. Not really.”
She nodded. “He doesn’t waste any time, does he. If you want to share your blood, I understand. I remember what that’s like, even after nearly two hundred and fifty years. But as much as it hurts my pride to admit this, my protégé is not your best choice for that. Bernard is very talented at seducing people, and he is notorious for luring away the warmblooded companions of his juniors. But he always tires of them after a few weeks or months. Or possibly they, of him.”
She looked at me appraisingly. “If you like, I can introduce you to some of the others you may not have had a chance to meet, and who I would recommend for your consideration. There’s no need for you to rush into anything. If you ultimately decide you prefer Bernard, he’s not going anywhere.”
I could feel my face turning red. “I’m fine, Moreau. Please don’t introduce me to, to anyone. Thanks, but, no, please don’t.”
“All right.” She smiled and shook her head, and she had a far-away look in her eyes, as if remembering. “The next time you decide to come down here on your own, I promise not to interfere. But for now, let’s go upstairs and collect the others. It’s late. I think it’s time we headed home to the gallery.”
11
Our model, a young drama student from the community college, pulled on her robe and headed for the refreshment table. First break already, and I’ve barely managed to get started. I’d been so thrilled to graduate from charcoal pencils to acrylics, even if Moreau had only allowed me two tubes of paint, one black and one white. It wasn’t going well. I went over to check out the snacks, hoping to find some consolation there.
The back room of the gallery was crowded that night. Moreau had invited a few local art students, and our space was further reduced by the wooden crates piled everywhere, in preparation for the fall art exhibits; the public show that everybody knew about, and a more private event hosted by the Télèt at Abbey Keep, which would bring visitors of their own kind from all over the world.
“Sooo, Frederic.” Sandy, one of our guests, had all her attention focused on Moreau’s handsome young consort. “Am I going to see much of your work in the art fair?”
“The gallery’s going to have a booth out in the street, once it’s closed off, and I’ll have some stuff in there.” Frederic, impartially friendly and cheerful, was oblivious to the heat in Sandy’s eyes. Or doing a fine job of pretending to be. “I also submitted a couple of pieces to the juried part of the show. I don’t know if my stuff is exactly what they’re looking for. We’ll see.”
“I’m sure they’ll love it. It’s great. You just need to believe in yourself.” Sandy gave him a light slap on his bare arm, presumably to punish him for his low self-esteem, which was not one of Frederic’s failings.
Nicole, holding a piece of baklava between her teeth as if it were a cigar, slid her arm around Frederic’s waist and gave Sandy a cool look. She bit the pastry in half, then held the remaining portion up to Frederic’s mouth. He took it, sucking the honey from her fingers in the process.
Moreau was dividing her time between supervising us and running upstairs to the kitchen. As we headed back to our easels, she came downstairs. Sandy, who’d been quiet since the baklava incident, looked up at her. “Do you have enough garlic? Because I could get you some more, if you want.”
“I have plenty, thanks.”
I was prepared to ignore any vampire references from our guests. No significant glances with the other live-in students, no in-jokes. We’d been briefed.
“Onions, too.” Sandy sniffed the air, eyes half-closed. “And rosemary?”
“Yes. My mother’s recipe, from the south of France. Everything must be fresh, never dried. Now, it’s time for all of you to get back to work.”
I returned my attention to the painting I’d begun with such high hopes. What am I supposed to do about her hair? My effort to depict that mass of loose curls was a failure, a humiliation. I bit my lip, hard, further mortified by the tears that were threatening to overflow my eyes. It doesn’t even look like hair. More like she has hoses growing out of her head.
Snakes! She can be Medusa. I’ll have to find photos to work from. Maybe Moreau has some. Our model was posing with a book, resting its bottom corner on her thigh. I could change the title to one I’d seen in Moreau’s collection; Working With Stone.
I glanced at Nicole, then Frederic. Both were focused on their work. Surely they’re just kidding around. And it’s none of my business, anyway.
—
“Whoa! Take it easy on those brakes.” Nicole and I were bounced back against our seats, after the shoulder harnesses locked and caught us.
“Okay, turn left at the light. Use your blinker! Renee, I wanted to tell you, Moreau knows what’s going on with me and Frederic. She doesn’t care. You looked so freaked out in class last night. Like you were guilty of something yourself. Grand larceny, a few BTK killings, maybe collusion with the Antonites.”
“With who?” I don’t need to hear about this now, not with all these people zipping past us. I could feel my hands sweating on the wheel, which I held in a death grip. “Where do I go now?”
“Just keep going straight. I mean, I’m not dumb enough to do something like that behind Moreau’s back. She wouldn’t even mind if we did it in the house, but Frederic doesn’t like to. Speed up a little, can you?”
I pressed cautiously down with my foot, getting another five miles an hour out of the van. People were still passing us. 
“You need to change lanes now. Blinker!” She put her feet up on the dash and looked over at me. “It’s just convenient, you know? He’s here, I’m here, and he’s sure easy on the eyes. We could double-team him sometime if you want. I’m not talking about us doing anything to each other. More like a pair of bookends. Moreau wouldn’t care. You can ask her, if you don’t believe me.”
I was too flabbergasted to be embarrassed. I kept my eyes on the road, nervously watching the other vehicles. “No, uh, really. No.” I tried to think of something else to say. Came up blank.
“Speed limit just went up to fifty-five. We’re going to get run over. But anyway, think about it. You need to kick back a little more, Renee. Life has a lot to offer. Explore it. You’re way too serious.”
I wasn’t feeling serious at the moment. Suddenly, the whole business struck me as hilarious. I imagined that conversation with Moreau. Thanks for all the snake pictures, and by the way, is it okay if Nicole and I double-team Frederic like a pair of bookends? 
Time for a change of subject. “I wonder when’s the next time we’re going to the tower.” I still wanted to draw Moreau’s statue of the Goddess. And to be in that room again, beneath the multicolored light from those windows.
“I’m not sure, but whenever we do go back there, you need to be more careful. If you don’t learn some sense, you’re going to get bitten.” 
Surely Moreau didn’t tell her about Bernard. Maybe she’d seen me heading for those stairs after all. “Well, I know you didn’t like it much. But I might want to try it at least one time. I mean, there’s a whole bunch of the Télene who like it just fine.”
Nicole didn’t answer. I risked glancing over at her. She was looking at me all narrow-eyed with disapproval. Apparently, that wasn’t what she’d meant by exploring what life had to offer. 
What Moreau said about Bernard, that’s not necessarily a bad thing. I wasn’t looking to join the Télene as anyone’s consort. I just wanted to see what it was like. Find out if it would be the incredible experience Bernard’s touch seemed to promise, or if I’d end up feeling the way Nicole did about it. 
—
“It was really nice of your aunt to fix the quiche with just cheese and mushrooms.”
“Yeah, she usually puts ham or bacon in it, but I told her you wouldn’t eat that.” I led the way upstairs, keeping a hopeful eye out for little Robert. He was nowhere in sight. Never a ghost around when you need one.
There were a few rooms where the right action would trigger some repeatable effect. The most reliable of these was an upstairs storage room that used to be the ladies’ lounge. When you walked in, a female voice said, “Really, Beatrice!”
It always used to tickle my grandma to hear it. In her youth, she’d bought a dress in town that ended well above her knees, and that had been her own grandmother’s reaction. But there was no visual component. Not very impressive. I led the way to the east wing, hoping to find Kevin, who hadn’t been at lunch. He wasn’t in his new room, but I went in anyway. If the ghosts won’t come to us, I’ll bring Nicole to them. She can be one, for a little while.
“Come on in. Look around.” She did, taking in Kevin’s Creature from the Black Lagoon poster, his glow-in-the-dark Klingon battle cruiser, the open-faced wardrobe with all his dress shirts hanging in a neat row. Eleven years old, and he’d decided a t-shirt was too casual to wear around the house.
“Now, take my hands, and close your eyes.” Neither of which was necessary. But, hey, show business, right?
“Eenie, Meenie, Chili Beanie,” she said, and laughed nervously.
“Okay, you can open them now.” 
“Whoa! Where’d all that kid’s stuff go?”
“It’s back in 1989. Try to touch that old chair in the corner.”
She waved her hand through it. “It’s not really there, is it? A ghost chair!”
“Oh, it’s here.” I dropped my voice, aiming for an ominous tone. I was having a great time. From her expression, so was Nicole. “We’re not, though. Come on and meet some of the locals.” At that point, I would have settled for Albion, but was hoping for Gil.
He was in his room, sitting at his desk. Kevin was in my old meshed chair, sleeves rolled up, just like Gilbert’s.
“Hi, Gil.” We hadn’t talked since the night we had that argument, right before I came down with the flu. He greeted me with a pleased grin, then his eyes turned to Nicole, and he froze.
“Nicole, this is Gil from 1936, and my cousin Kevin.”
“Hi, uh, Nicole.” Gil was trying to keep his eyes on her face, but not quite succeeding. “Are you ladies going swimming?” To be fair, in 1936, Nicole’s halter top would have been shocking. Underwear would have covered more.
“That would be so great! Do you guys have a pool?”
“Uh, no.” Gil looked crestfallen.
“There’s a fountain in the courtyard,” I added, “But I wouldn’t. I really wouldn’t. Kev, aren’t you going to shake hands with Nicole?”
He did, having to look up a bit to make eye contact. At least he’s too polite to let his eyes crawl all over her chest. Or maybe just too young.
“Gil, why don’t you shake Nicole’s hand, too?”
“Well, I’ll be happy to try.” Their arms passed through the same space without contact.
“You’re not really there at all!”
“No, you’re not. Although,” he added fervently, “you sure look like you are!”
She smiled at him, without the suspicious sneer that was her usual reaction to compliments and flirtation. “I’d like to see that fountain. I love those.”
“You can get a pretty good look at it from the window in my cousin Al’s room. Let me see if he’s there. The sight of you might be too much for the likes of him.” A moment later, Gil called out, “Okay, the coast is clear.”
We let Nicole take the best spot by the window. We’d all seen the fountain before. “It’s gorgeous! I love the bird. That whole courtyard is perfect. I’d love to do a painting of it.” She turned to Gil, adding, “I’m an artist-in-residence at Moreau’s Gallery, in Kisco.” 
I’ll have to remember that line, because technically, so am I. The phrase didn’t conjure up images of bunk beds and TV dinners. No harm in cultivating a little mystique.
“Whoops!” Angling for a better view of the fountain, Nicole had knocked the wine bottle with the paper carnations off the windowsill. Too far away to do anything about it, I waited for it to shatter on the floor, but her reflexes were quick. She caught it and set it back in place. “I guess this really is here.”
“For us, but not for—”
“Renee!” Gil had that scientific-breakthrough look on his face. “Renee, take one of those and give it to Nicole, will you? But it’s really from me.” He gave her a puppy-dog look that I found embarrassing.
“Nicole, do you want a flower as a souvenir? It’s fine to take one. I brought them here to begin with.”
“Brought them for Al? Is he your sweetheart?”
“Gack, no. Besides, he’s in 1936, and I’m not.” 
“I thought maybe he was your tragic love, separated by time, like in that old movie with Christopher Reeve.” 
I had no idea what she was talking about. Kevin, tired of the inaction in the matter of the flowers, plucked one from the bottle and held it out to Nicole. “Here. From Gil.”
Nicole took the flower and brought it up to her face as if sniffing it, lowered her chin, and looked up at Gil through her eyelashes. From behind the paper carnation, she said, “Thank you. I shall treasure it always.”
Part II: The Keep
12
“I can help. With the lighter ones, at least.” Frederic flexed a bicep to draw attention to his brawny physique.
“We need to get this done fast, Mon Cheri.” Moreau’s dark eyes showed no hint of the good humor that normally lurked there. “Please sit on the platform with Nicole and Renee, and let us do this.”
Class was cancelled. It sounds like a lot of things are cancelled. The private show, which I’d been looking forward to. Along with our participation in the public one. We’d been told to pack our things for a protracted stay at Abbey Keep, due to what was described as a ‘security situation.’ 
In addition to Moreau, the work crew consisted of another woman—Lady Desiree Colby—and two men in Nightwatch uniforms. One of them was named Frank, and the other was Bernard Moreau. Nicole and I were both ignoring Bernard. We may have been engaged in a contest to see who could ignore him the hardest. He wasn’t paying us any attention either, not with his mentor standing right there.
“You boys should not be wearing those uniforms,” Moreau told him.
“Technically,” Bernard replied, “we’re supposed to be on duty right now. Let’s get this over with, before Leo Ranenewitz notices that we’re not.”
“I cleared this with Leo. He said he could spare the two of you for a little while, even with everything that’s going on. I wish you had taken the time to change. And, Lady Desiree, those shoes!”
They looked more like boots to me, high and black and spike-heeled, but I could see Moreau’s point. Lady Desiree was also wearing a short, tight black dress that didn’t look well suited for manual labor. Although it worked well with her cloud of improbably blonde hair. Earlier, Frederic had been making a few sketches of her from behind, until he noticed Moreau giving him a look that was as cold as the marble wall of a crypt in February. Then he decided to draw me and Nicole instead.
“Don’t worry about my shoes, Lady Moreau.” She picked up a box and balanced it on one hip.
“Don’t carry that by yourself, it must weigh a hundred pounds. Let me get one end.”
“It’s fine, I’ve got it.”
“That’s not the point. It looks very odd. I have neighbors.”
Despite the formality and the squabbling, I got a strong impression of good fellowship between the two of them. Evidently, Moreau didn’t blame her friend for Frederic’s wandering eyes. Frederic, who was free to enjoy all the nooners with Nicole that he liked, maybe the occasional three-way, sure, why not? But let him try and make a couple of line drawings of Lady Desiree’s well-formed ass, that was different. I could guess why.
The four of them had the truck loaded in short order—all the crates that had been collecting in the back room, along with some of the better pieces from the gallery, which had been boxed up earlier. 
Moreau turned to Lady Desiree. “I feel better already. Let’s let the boys bring it all to the warehouse, shall we, Desi? Why don’t you join my students and myself for a drink.”
“I wouldn’t mind a sip or two.” I hope they’re talking about zalika.
They were. Moreau fetched a bottle and some glasses, and we arranged five chairs in a circle. 
“I heard it’s the Antonites again,” Desiree said, “but I thought we took care of that so-called General Anton some years ago. I suppose it’s his followers now?”
“He had a son. Warren Anton, Junior.”
“You have got to be shitting me.”
“Don’t you read those security briefings Leo puts out for us?”
Desiree didn’t respond. Probably didn’t read her security briefings at all. I’d kept my mouth shut long enough. “Am I allowed to ask what’s going on?”
It was Frederic who answered. “Okay, Renee, did you ever read the original Dracula? Or if not, surely you’ve watched one of the movies. Remember Van Helsing and his merry band of lunatics? Yeah. Like that.”
I had read it, and thought it was Renfield who was the lunatic, but I’d been warned never to say that name around any of the Vieux. It was like a racial or ethnic slur where they were concerned.
“It’s like the Middle East,” Nicole added. “It never ends.” 
Moreau looked at me, frowning. “Renee, I’m of two minds about you. You have no reason to get caught up in our troubles. Perhaps it would be better for you to go back to your family until all this blows over.”
“No!” Nicole grabbed my shoulder. “Her Uncle Wilbur lives there. If they could come here, they could go to her house looking for him! She’s safer in the Keep with us.”
“Unlikely, but possible. Renee, what would you prefer to do?”
“We’ll be able to continue our lessons at the Keep, right?” 
“Of course. I have an apartment in the lower levels. It’s not terribly big, but we can hold classes there. You girls will have to stay in the restricted compound, unfortunately, the apartment only has the one bedroom.”
“I want to come with you guys.”
Nicole relaxed back into her seat. “Good. We can be room-mates again. Or if there’s enough rooms for everyone to have their own, we can still hang out.”
“I have no idea how long this will last,” Moreau added. “It’s probably a false alarm. It usually is.”
—
Lena Ranenewitz held a clipboard as she worked her way through the crowd of warmblooded men and women that filled the dining room of the restricted compound. She was in her fifties, with pale golden hair, generously mixed with silver and cut in a short bob that ended at the high collar of her uniform jacket.
When Lena got to us, Nicole told her, “Renee and me can share a room, if people are doubling up.”
She made a quick notation. “Thank you. The rooms aren’t large, and the beds are very narrow, but we have cots.”
“I’ll take the cot,” Nicole said.
We sat there eating carrot sticks, dipping them in honey mustard sauce, as Lena moved on. I wasn’t hungry, but they were there. “The Télèt are having their own meeting,” Nicole muttered. “They all know what’s going on, and they’ll tell us whenever they happen to feel like it.”
Why did I agree to come here? The Keep was fun to visit, but did I really want to live there for some indefinite length of time? 
“All right, listen up!” Lena climbed onto the small stage at one end of the room, along with Mark Colby, each of them leaning one elbow on the podium. She and Mark were joint commanders of the Dawn Patrol, the Keep’s diurnal security team. As consort to Nightwatch commander Leo Ranenewitz, Lena was highest in rank among the warmbloods of Abbey Keep. 
Mark was retired from the Army. The rumor was that he’d been in some elite unit, and had carried out assassinations. He didn’t answer questions on the topic. He was the consort of Lady Desiree, but they referred to one another as husband and wife, terms not usually heard among the Télèt. He had, however, taken her last name rather than the other way around.
Lena spoke first. “You’ve probably all heard, we received an advisory from the Angels about enemy activity in our area. Remember that we have the very finest of protectors on our side, not only locally, but out of Cibola. For now, we need to stay together down here. But Leo assures me there will be refreshments in the tower room later this evening.” This last line was met with applause. These people wanted to be reunited with their vampires.
Angels? Cibola? I leaned closer to Nicole. “What does she—”
Nicole silenced me with an upraised hand, as Mark stepped forward. “Good evening, assorted consorts and companions… and art students.” There was some laughter. I felt like everyone was looking at me and Nicole. 
“Lena talked about our protectors. I have all the respect for them. We’ve all seen what they can do. But we’re not helpless. We can’t be. When the sun rises, it’s on us. There are times when we have to be the protectors.” A few people, mostly men, hooted and called out in agreement.
“Which is why I’m calling on all of you, if you haven’t already, to join the Dawn Patrol. More than half of you are with us already. But we’re missing some names and faces, and I’m looking at some of them right now. If yours is one of them, come see me or Lena at your earliest convenience. Thank you.”
He stepped down, and the babble of conversation around the room started again. Nicole grabbed my wrist. “We should sign up.”
“I’m not sure he meant us, Nicole.”
“He said art students.”
“Yeah. What’s the difference between consorts and companions, anyway?”
She leaned close. “That’s just a phrase they use. Technically, the difference is whether or not all that blood-sucking is a two-way street. But it’s supposed to be a big secret who’s been initiated and who hasn’t, so usually, all of them are referred to as consorts. Come on.” She still had my wrist, and she pulled me to my feet, leading me over to where Lena was sitting.
Nicole fixed her with an uncharacteristically sunny smile. “We were inspired by your co-commander’s speech. We want to join.”
Lena looked flummoxed. “Well, I’m not sure…” Mark joined us, sliding into a seat with feline grace. She looked at him. “What do you think?”
“Let’s kick this one upstairs. Personally, I think if they’re going to be here, they should be in. But we’ll let Kiernan make that call.” He glanced at Nicole’s hand, which was still firmly wrapped around my wrist. “We’re not going to send you out into the woods on a motorbike on your first day. Believe me, some people will never get sent out there. But you should learn how to fight. Everyone needs to. In case you’re ever in a situation where you have no choice.” 
Lena nodded. “Well, I’ll certainly let Lord Kiernan know you girls are interested, and we’ll get back to you with his decision.”
We returned to our table. Reaching over to snag a carrot, Nicole whispered, “We won’t get in. Nobody wants us here, except Moreau. If you're quiet and listen, you'll hear it. You might be happier if you don't. People asking why we're even here. The two of us are going to have to stick together, Renee.”
13
In Moreau’s painting, Lord Kiernan looked out at the world with a frankly erotic expression, a suggestion of fang teeth distorting his lower lip. The placard read, Jeanette Moreau. Stephan K., 1709. But she’d signed it, in her neat script, Jeanette Peltier. Interesting.
Another one, from 1715, showed a woman with a similar expression. The fangs were even more subtle, but they were there. Sarah K. was the title, signed now by Jeanette Kiernan.
A few landscapes, then one of Bernard, also looking as if he’d like to get personal. It made him easy to recognize. But I saw no sign of extra teeth, and his face looked subtly different from the Bernard I knew. Heavier. I checked the placard. Bernard R., 1781. This time she’d signed it the way she did her more recent work. 
Most of the Télèt came across as being some indeterminate age between late twenties and early fifties. They probably wouldn’t be asked for ID if they walked into a bar, but it was even less likely that they’d be offered the senior discount if they ducked into the movie theater. This Bernard looked older.
“Ah, studying my early efforts, I see. Displaying good taste as usual.” Moreau had come up behind me quietly as I walked around the display, which had been set up for the private show—cancelled, now—and not yet dismantled.
“Moreau, I was wondering about your name…?”
“Ah, yes. You noticed the signatures. Peltier was my father’s name. For a while I used Stephan’s surname, when I became his consort, and later as his protégé. Some do, and some don’t. In our line, at least, it’s a matter of personal preference. But after a time, I decided to pick my own name. Moreau, I saw that in some book or other, and decided it suited me.”
“I didn’t know you could do that.”
“Why not? I came to tell you. Tomorrow night, a little past sunset, in my apartment. Bernard will model. You girls can sit to the side so he is not looking at you. I will make him behave, never worry. Tell Nicole, if you see her before I do.” 
Bernard. Well, I could give him a pair of antlers, like some woodland stag. Or possibly a moose. Moreau walked away, and I continued to look at the art.
“Hi, Renee?” A woman in a Nightwatch uniform walked up to me, smiling charismatically. I’d been advised that as an unattached warmblood, I could expect approaches by both male and female Télèt, although so far, Bernard had been the only one to try much of anything. There had been a few friendly looks, which I’d deflected with an unencouraging scowl. I prepared to use that now.
“Yes?” 
“Lord Kiernan would like to speak to you in his office. Now. Come with me, please.” She started walking, and I followed.
“I know where it is.” 
She looked over her shoulder with a slight frown. She’d been told to bring me, and didn’t intend to leave anything to chance.
Kiernan’s office was near the bottom of the stairs that led up to the tower room. The door, wood with a frosted glass window, was open. The Nightwatch officer motioned me through it, then closed it behind me.
“Please, have a seat.”
I did, feeling as if I’d been called to the principal’s office. I hadn’t realized it would just be the two of us. He sat there looking at me, eyebrows raised inquiringly, as if I were the one who’d asked to talk to him.
“You wanted to see me, sir?” My voice only shook a little, on that last syllable. Calling him Lord Kiernan seemed ridiculously medieval, but using his first name felt presumptuous. My dad used to tell me that you can’t go wrong with sir. Then he’d always paused, and added, “Unless you’re talking to a lady, of course.”
At any rate, Kiernan didn’t correct me on the point. “You want to join our Dawn Patrol. Why?”
“Well, I’m here, and I understand there are some problems. Or might be. I want to help.” God, I sound like an idiot.
He sat there looking at me for another long moment. “I wouldn’t normally discuss another applicant’s status with someone in your position, Renee. I understand you and Nicole applied together. Perhaps this is something you two young women planned to do together, so I want to let you know, I have decided to approve your application. But, I will not be approving Nicole’s. If you want to withdraw yours at this point, I will accept that without prejudice.”
“But, sir, I don’t—”
He interrupted me without speaking. Those raised eyebrows again.
“If you need a day to think about it, I can give you that. Let Lena or Mark know what you decide. By sunset tomorrow, if you please.”
“I don’t need to think it over. I wish you’d let Nicole in too, but I still want to join.” I was thinking about that motorbike, the one not everybody was allowed to ride into the woods. Which logically implied that some of us would be.
He smiled, making him seem more human. Like a regular person. “I would have wagered that would be your response. Very well. Report to Carla Fontaine at sunrise tomorrow. Lena can direct you to where you’ll need to go.” He gave me that inquisitive look again, as if wondering why I was still in his office.
“Thank you, sir.” I managed to leave without tripping over anything, and counted that as a win.
—
Mark Colby grabbed my wrist with one hand, and I twisted out of his grasp, as I’d been practicing with Marya. Now the instructor was making the rounds, letting each of us try the technique against him.
“Good. Again.” He grabbed me a little harder this time, certainly holding on tighter than Marya had been able to do, but it was still easy to escape. 
“You can grab me harder than that.” He did, but not much. He looked bored. Putting as much scorn in my voice as I could manage, I asked him, “Is that really as hard as you can grab?”
His hand tightened like a steel band around my wrist. He still looked bored. And smug. The technique was not working any more. I felt like a housecat challenging a mountain lion. But I continued trying to escape, even though my struggles made it hurt more, and I refused to drop my eyes.
“Use your other hand,” he suggested. “Grab your own fist, and use both arms to make a circle. By now you would have stepped in for the eye gouge, stomp kicked me, whatever’s there. But even if we make this a contest of strength, your two hands can defeat one of mine, as long as you use them effectively.”
I used both hands. This time he was making me work for it. Slowly, the leverage I was applying pried open his fingers.
“Good.” He was smiling as he moved on to his next victim. I waited until his back was turned before I started rubbing my wrist.
Marya gave me a dark look. She was putting in as little effort as she could get away with. Why did she even bother to sign up? 
Frederic, on the other side of me and paired with another man, wasn’t trying much harder. He went through the motions, and had a fair amount of beef to put behind them, but he was too good-natured to really want to hurt the heavy bag or the striking pads we’d been using. At one point I overheard Mark telling him, “I know you’ve got to have some fight in you somewhere, we just have to find a way to dig it out.” 
I found I had plenty of fight in me. An unexpected reservoir of physical aggression. But I’d also learned that my body was a truly pitiful vehicle for expressing it. Less than a minute of throwing elbow strikes into the heavy bag, trying to make it move the way it did when the men hit it, and I was gasping for breath with black spots clouding my vision. 
I was young and perfectly healthy, if health is defined by the absence of disease. But for six years, my only physical exercise had been climbing the occasional flight of stairs. I can do better. I have to. I wasn’t sure why, but it felt vital to me to earn Mark’s respect, and the right to wear one of those high-necked gray uniforms.
—
The party was just getting started up in the tower room, but I was standing in the Chapel Hall, gazing at Moreau’s statue with sketchpad in hand. At long last. Some quality time with the Goddess.
I felt intoxicated, although I hadn’t had a drop of zali. It was always available, on the theory that it helped people deal with the confinement and the tension. There’d been one fistfight already between two warmblooded men. Zalika, as the saying goes, turns you into a lover, not a fighter. There had been a fair amount of that, as well.
I circled the statue. Sometimes an idea was so big in my mind that I took a while to get ready. It was like that. Finally, I made a few tentative lines. Yes. Like so. I could see how it was going to come together.
“Well, hello again.”
Bernard. I didn’t come down here looking for him. Did he follow me?
Surely I was immune to him by now. Moreau had been using him as a model on a regular basis, and when I was sketching or painting him, he was just a subject, barely more than an object, motionless as a statue himself. 
He hadn’t gotten less attractive, nor had he lost that charm. He’d just been holding it back.
“I’ve been wanting to tell you, I’m sorry I had to leave so abruptly the last time we were conversing down here. Jeanette can be—well. Here you are.”
All I had to do was tell him to go away. To leave me alone. But I remembered what it had been like when he’d touched me, and already, I could feel my blood wanting to go to him. If you’ve never gotten close to one of the Télèt in that context, or if you’re relatively immune to that type of seduction, that might not make any sense. Otherwise, you know exactly what I mean.
He took a step toward me, and I opened my mouth to tell him to stay back. Closed it without saying anything. He didn’t stay back. Smiling confidently, he reached out and cupped my cheek, his fingers cool and soothing on my hot skin.
I closed my eyes, and found myself thinking of my room back at the house. Not Grandma Beatrice’s old room, but the one with the ivy wallpaper. I could feel myself responding to Bernard’s touch, but I resented it, too. I don’t want to be here. A breeze moved through my hair, and brushed my face, replacing the touch of Bernard’s hand on my skin. Through closed eyelids, I saw the light in the Chapel Hall supplanted by darkness.
I opened my eyes. A bar of light showed under a door; looking around, I recognized the glowing blue-green face of my old alarm clock.
Moving cautiously in the dark, I walked over to the bedside table, and picked up the clock. I was there, all right. In my old bedroom. It had been so easy, not like the sense of dislocation when I physically jumped between timelines.
I could hear music, Penny Lane, coming from down the hall. I sank down onto my bed. “Bamf,” I whispered. 
Imagining Bernard’s expression, when he found himself suddenly alone with the Goddess, I started laughing quietly. I didn’t want Kevin to hear me. This was too new. I didn’t want to explain it, not to anyone.
But can I get back? Or does this just work for returning to the cotemporal field? I pictured the room I shared with Nicole. Through a haze, I saw her lying on her cot, staring up at the ceiling. 
Maybe one of the shower rooms. They were private. Anonymous. Perhaps too much so. There were three of them on the women’s side, all pretty much alike, and we used them interchangeably. I couldn’t form a clear picture of any of them.
What did come to mind was the room with the bunk beds, at the gallery. It was dark there, some faint illumination coming from the window above Nicole’s dresser. I stepped, closing my eyes at the last minute because of the movement of air on my face. Sat down on the lower bunk. I realized I still had my sketchpad in one hand and my drawing pencil in the other. 
I didn’t want to be at Moreau’s place. It wasn’t home, not anymore. The house wasn’t home, either, although I’d sought refuge there in a moment of confusion. Home was Abbey Keep, for the moment. 
I could picture the Chapel Hall clearly in my mind, the statue in particular. The main part of the room looked deserted, although I couldn’t focus clearly on the back corners. It didn’t matter if Bernard was still hanging around. He’d already seen me do this once.
“Keep your hands off me!” I hadn’t spoken quietly this time. But nobody was there. Unless the enemy, the ones we had fled from…
It was spooky, being there all by myself. Me, the girl from the haunted house, scared to be alone in the dark. Never mind. It was time to go home. To hell with Bernard.
I stood up. “And your goddamn teeth, as well,” I muttered. I was getting mad. I didn’t think Bernard’s allure would work through that shield of anger.
I stepped, and looked around. I was alone in the room. Just me and the Goddess again.
Sitting in the front pew, I turned to a fresh sheet of paper and drew a triangle. Went over the three lines again and again. Zip, zap, zoom.
I wondered if Bernard would tell anyone. What could he say? I was just about to bite her, and she was going to let me, and then, poof!
Gone.
I didn’t feel like drawing the Goddess anymore. I could come back another time. During the day. I went up to the tower room after all, because all of a sudden, I wanted to be with other people.
Sipping a glass of zali near a group of musicians and listening to them play, I gazed around the room. Bernard was on the other side of the fire pit, and I caught him staring at me, without any hint of vampiric lust. I smiled at him, and he looked away.
I’d been around the Télèt long enough to understand what that meant. I wore that smile for the rest of the evening.
14
“So how was class?” Nicole was lying on her cot, reading a magazine, when I walked into our room.
“Frederic got kicked out.”
She dropped the magazine and sat up. I continued, “I don’t know if you’ve ever done any shooting, but rule number one is, don’t go pointing the gun at people. Unless you’re going to kill them. We were on the firing line, and Carla was talking to us. Frederic turned around with the gun in his hand and swept half the class.”
She laughed. “No way.”
“It’s not funny. Someone could have gotten shot. Anyway, Frederic’s standing there, pretty much pointing the gun at Carla. And Mark looks up at the roof of that shelter they have out there, and says, ‘What is that thing?’”
I pointed at the corner of the room, up near the ceiling. I must have done a reasonable job of imitating Mark’s delivery, because Nicole looked. Just as the entire class had done, earlier. From the way he’d said it, I’d expected to see something at least a foot long with multiple legs crawling around up there.
“Yeah, like that. When I looked down again, Mark had the gun, and Frederic was standing there with his hand clutched against his chest, looking confused.”
“Poor Frederic.” There wasn’t much sympathy in Nicole’s voice. “Speaking of shooting. You remember me telling you that was the one reason I really wished I got to join you guys?”
“Yeah.” I sometimes felt bad telling Nicole about my patrol training, but she kept asking me about it.
“I may not be on the patrol, but your instructor, Mark Colby, is going to teach me. I’m getting private lessons from him.”
I didn’t answer right away. I liked Mark, and had a lot of respect for him, but he sometimes gave me a creepy vibe. He put his hands on me a lot more than he did the other women. Nothing overtly out of bounds. Things like a hand on the shoulder, or a stance correction that could have been made verbally. 
“He’s a good guy. But…” I tried to think of how to express it to Nicole, when I sometimes thought I was imagining it to begin with. “Just be careful. I don’t know that he’s going to treat us the same way as he does the Télene. We’re not off-limits the way they are.” 
Nicole still appeared to be on the verge of laughter. It was the best mood I’d seen her in since we’d left the gallery. “I’ll be fine. But you’re sweet to worry about me, Renee.”
—
“Yeah, because of the art show. We’re all so busy right now, you know?”
I felt bad lying to Luann, but I couldn’t tell her the truth about why I wasn’t going to make it home on weekends for a while. It’s top-secret. And she’d be scared for me. “I miss you too. Soon, I hope. Love you. Bye.” I hung up the phone, which was in the public area of the compound. Even if I had wanted to share secrets with my aunt, there was no privacy.
I could drop by the house. Just for a quick visit. In part, the temptation lay in the simple fact that I could. But Luann, or Jim, would notice that no car had dropped me off. I couldn’t just appear out of thin air, not without causing a commotion. If I stay in the east wing, just pop in to visit Kevin, he won’t freak out the way the adults would.
I timed my visit for after dinner. Everyone would be in their rooms reading, or watching their forbidden TVs. After looking around to make sure I was unobserved, I ducked into one of the shower rooms, but didn’t lock the door. Then I stepped into my ivy-covered bedroom. From down the hall, I could hear Simon and Garfunkel advising Mrs. Robinson to stroll around the grounds until she felt at home.
Standing in Kevin’s doorway, I tapped lightly on the wall. He’d found a desk from somewhere that was just like Gil’s, or it might even have been the same one. He was sitting there with an old book that looked like it had come from Larson’s library.
“Hey, cuz. Come on in.” He didn’t look surprised to see me. I still wasn’t eager to mention how I’d gotten there.
I went in and sat on his bed. “Hey. I can’t stay for long, and please don’t tell Luann I was here.”
He nodded, and didn’t ask any questions. He closed the book, and turned around to give me his full attention. “This calculus isn’t so bad, Renee. It’s rough going from time to time, but I think I’m starting to get it.”
“Better you than me. Gil has you studying that?”
“Him and Larson, yeah. Gil is working with him now. I’ve met him too, and he said I’m one of the ones who could really understand this stuff.”
Larson. Wow. “Where did you see him?”
“In the library. But not like usually, I mean, he could see and hear me. Like with Gil. Except now, they’re really there. I shook his hand. Gil’s, too. They came to dinner, and by the way, if I see you, I’m supposed to tell you he wants to talk to you.”
Better and better. “Are you going to tell him I was here?”
He looked troubled. “I should. But maybe I’ll forget. I really am studying hard. Maybe I imagined seeing you because I was thinking about you.” He picked up the book again and turned partway back toward the desk.
“I’d appreciate that. I mean, I’d like to meet him too, but this isn’t a good time. I have to go, Kevin, but it’s great seeing you. Love you, cuz.”
“Love you too.” He was facing fully away from me again, and had the book open.
I headed for the stairs, checking carefully to make sure there was nobody in sight before I went down. I didn’t want to vanish from the east wing. With Grandpa Larson back in the picture, I was even more reluctant to let Kevin know about this new ability of mine. 
Once I was standing in the grand foyer, I visualized the Chapel Hall and took that shortcut across the distance. Larson. Wow.
When I’d taken that preliminary look, to make sure I wasn’t going to run into anyone, I had failed to notice the two women in the front pew. One of them—Carla, my Dawn Patrol shift leader—was staring right at me.
By all rights, she should have been too distracted to worry about me. Therese, who I could recognize even from behind by her dark skin and the way her tightly curled hair surrounded her head like a halo in an old painting, had the collar of Carla’s uniform jacket open and was kissing her neck, quick little kisses here and there as if she was searching for the perfect location to get down to some serious business. The Télèt all had apartments on the lower levels, but sometimes, they preferred a more public venue. Therese evidently felt that the very Goddess herself might want to get a close look at her neck-kissing technique.
Realizing that she no longer had Carla’s attention, Therese raised her head and turned toward me. She was Nightwatch second-in-command, and every bit as humorless as her boss, Leo Ranenewitz. I walked away with an apologetic smile and a wave. Don’t mind me, folks, just passing through. 
Except there was no place for me to have passed from. There were two doors at the front end of the room, but they were locked. I had never seen anyone use them.
As I escaped into the hall, I could hear Carla speaking, softly, in her distinctive Alabama accent. No, no, less talking, more neck-kissing! 
Shit. Nothing for it now.
—
I glanced over at Nicole. We were sitting in a little alcove in the tower room, not far apart, but on separate chairs. Lady Desiree Colby was standing next to her, bending down close to her ear to speak confidentially. Just a couple of the girls, having a private chat. Except for the expression of terror on Nicole’s face, unshed tears making her eyes look glazed, like a deer caught in the headlights of an onrushing vehicle. An armored one, approaching at a high rate of speed.
Moreau crossed the room faster than I’d ever seen anyone move. I could see her stitching her way across space, like a series of little jumps, skipping some of the three-dimensional distance she was traversing. She passed over a table as if it wasn’t there, and leaned equally close to Desiree’s face. “You leave her alone.”
Desiree stood up. “Mind your own business, Jeanette.”
“You do not want to talk to me like that.” As if by prior arrangement, they walked out into the open part of the room, increasing the distance between them. Everyone got out of their way. The room quieted as conversations died in mid-sentence, or were continued in low murmurs. The two of them began to walk around in a slow circle. 
I came over to Nicole and whispered, “Are you all right?”
A tear finally broke free and ran down her cheek. She scrubbed at it with the back of her hand. “She said she was going to disembowel me.”
A little of the animation crept back into her face and she added, “When they stop moving, that’s when you know it’s gotten serious.”
So far, they were still circling, doing nothing more than glaring at each other. The way they were dressed—Moreau wearing an Escher t-shirt and a flowing peasant skirt she might have had since the 1960s, Desiree in one of her usual slinky dresses and streetwalker heels—might have detracted from the gravity of the situation, even made it look comical. It didn’t. What they were wearing didn’t signify.
“Desist!”
Lord Kiernan walked into the open area. The two combatants turned to look at him. The crowd had grown so silent I could hear myself breathing. His next words were not particularly loud, because they didn’t need to be. 
“My word is law here, and this is forbidden! Unless one of you would care to face me?” They both looked at the ground near his feet like a pair of scolded schoolchildren.
He turned and surveyed the room. “Anyone?” The Télèt all turned their eyes downward, while the warmblooded looked anywhere they liked. Whatever this was, it apparently didn’t apply to us. That was good. I didn’t want to miss anything.
“No? Jeanette.” 
That broke the spell. She looked up, and so did the rest of them, in unison, like they were all one organism. It was eerie. Still looking at Moreau, he pointed at Nicole. Moreau nodded, and came to collect her student, guiding her to the stairwell leading to the lower levels.
He scanned the room again. This time, none of the Télèt felt the need to study the stone mosaic floor of the tower room. He located Mark, and pointed at him. “You. In my office. And you, as well.” He glanced at Lady Desiree, and headed for that same stairwell. Mark followed immediately.
Desiree walked over to me. I had to make an effort not to move away from her. She leaned close; I held very still. All she said was, “Well, that was interesting.”
I looked at her, keeping my face expressionless. It’s never wise to show fear, when facing any large predator. I didn’t answer her comment, and a moment later, she headed downstairs. 
15
The following evening, I found myself back in Lord Kiernan’s office. Once again, he’d sent for me, then sat there looking at me with his questioning expression. This time, I decided to wait him out. I looked around the room. 
It wasn’t a large office, but it had character. A large tapestry covered one stone wall behind him. On his right was a high bookshelf with a mix of old hardcovers and curios; carvings, pottery, a globe made from inlaid wood. I recognized some of Moreau’s work, small stoneware sculptures.
I glanced at him. He was still staring at me. What would he do if I took out my sketchpad and started drawing him? This struck me as funny, and I struggled to hide it. 
“A couple of people have told me you have some unusual abilities.” 
He’s not talking about my ink stippling technique. “Everybody's got some weird little talent or other. I knew a boy in elementary school who could touch his thumb to the back of his wrist.” I hadn’t had any zali that night, or anything else, but I felt inebriated. Reckless. I could hardly believe I was taking that tone with him.
Kiernan didn’t look offended. “Indeed. I myself have been known to appear out of nowhere, at least from the point of view of the observer. It’s less common among the warmblooded.”
“I wanted to check on my cousin. Nobody could drive me home to visit. Because of the security situation.” Please understand, I’m working my way around to it as best I can.
He waited. 
“I call it jumping, or stepping. I guess teleportation is another term you could use. I didn’t even know I could do it until recently.”
“So you are sitting here in my office, telling me that you just teleported to the Smith mansion,” he snapped his fingers, loud as a whipcrack, “to check on your cousin.”
You’re hundreds of years old, and you probably run around the woods at night catching rabbits and drinking their blood. You aren’t exactly Joe average Kmart shopper yourself, buddy. “Yes, sir.”
Slowly, a rather fey smile spread over Lord Kiernan’s face. “I knew there was a reason why I wanted you for the patrol.” He tapped a pen energetically on his desk, switching it end-for-end with a speed that was dizzying. “I can’t help feeling this has something to do with your ancestor’s research. Larson Smith.”
“Oh, undoubtedly.”
“I met him, you know. He was our guest here at the Keep, a little over a hundred years ago. He seemed certain that we possessed some esoteric secrets that he would find useful. We didn’t, but I’m not sure he ever believed that. We fed him and his wife a very nice dinner, though. Helene. She was what they call ‘of the people.’ The Vieux.”
“I didn’t know that.”
He nodded. “The ones that leave their community, they often don’t speak of it to their descendants. I visited that house of his. Saw some of the effects he could produce. That’s one of the reasons I believe what you’re telling me. But I wouldn’t mind a demonstration.”
I stood up. Sent my mind’s eye into the Chapel Hall and saw that it was empty, not that it necessarily mattered now. My quantum cat was out of the proverbial bag.
I jumped, and walked up to the Goddess. Standing before her, I took a few deep breaths, calming myself as we’d been taught in class, then went back.
Kiernan was standing up, still behind the desk, but pacing back and forth in rapid sets of three steps. All there was room for.
“Hey, was there a noise when I did that?”
“No noise, really. Perhaps a whisper of wind.”
I nodded. “I’m guessing I trade places with the air at the other location.”
“Tell me, can you bring somebody with you?”
“Probably not.” Not if it’s like trying to pull someone from one timeline to another. “I’m not sure, though.”
“A new ability, and you haven’t fully explored it. I understand. Why don’t we try it now.” He walked around the desk toward me. I held out my hands, and he took them. Something passed between us, like electricity. Like the air before a thunderstorm. I closed my eyes. I’d never seen it so clearly before, but there was a door, a portal. I pushed him through ahead of me.
He released my hands, looking around the Chapel Hall like he’d never seen the place before. “Extraordinary.”
I was still holding out my hands. “I can take us back if you want.”
“No… no, that’s enough of that for now. We’ll walk.” He set a rapid pace, slowing down when he saw I was lagging behind. “I’m curious to see if you can do that with one of your fellow warmbloods.”
We climbed the stairs to the level with all the offices. He began opening doors and looking inside of the various rooms. “Carla. Perfect. Come with me, please.”
Back in his office, Kiernan said, “Carla, Renee is going to show you something. You caught a glimpse of it before, but now you’re going to get a closer look.” He was grinning like a kid with a day pass to Disney World.
I held out my hands. Carla didn’t ask any questions, just took them. “You might want to close your eyes.”
She sensed the change in the light and opened them, gazing around the room, although she didn’t look as fascinated as Kiernan had. I’ll bet it’s been a while since he saw something completely new and unexpected. “How old is Lord Kiernan, anyway?”
“Over four hundred, maybe four-fifty. I can’t say exactly. Why?”
“Just curious.” I took us back to Kiernan’s office, and a wave of dizziness passed over me. I let go of Carla and sank into a chair.
“Carla, thank you for bringing this to my attention. That will be all for now. Oh, and it won’t be necessary for you to discuss this with anyone else.”
“Understood.” Carla left, closing the door behind her.
“Are you all right? Does it tire you?”
“Yeah, a little bit. It makes me hungry, too.”
“We can find some use for this in connection with your duties on the patrol.” It was a question. 
I nodded. “I guess this means everybody’s going to find out about it.” I wasn’t sure how I felt about that. Mostly, I wanted to eat, and go to sleep.
“We can try to limit the number of people who know, but realistically, word will get around.”
I was feeling stronger. Strong enough to make it to the kitchen, without a doubt. I stood up, and found the dizziness had passed.
He walked past me and opened the door. Perhaps he was being courteous, or perhaps it was a hint. As I walked past, he touched me on the shoulder. My breath caught in my throat.
“We’ll talk again, soon.” 
I nodded, but didn’t reply, or turn to look at him. I kept walking, toward the lower entrance to the restricted compound. I was confused by my reaction to his touch. Not fear. But it hadn’t been like Bernard, either. I didn’t think Lord Kiernan was trying to seduce me, and I wasn’t sure I would want him to. This was something different. Maybe I’m just exhausted. Too tired to figure it out now, at any rate.
—
“Who are they?”
Nicole and I had come up to the tower room to paint. It was two in the afternoon, and we had the place to ourselves. Except for the two figures in white moving away from us. 
“You’ve never seen the Bianci before? Most of them are my people, you know. The Vieux. Anyway, they’re servants. Can you picture the Télèt doing their own laundry? I think when you’re brought over into the blood, you somehow lose the ability to operate a washing machine.”
“I thought we did all the cleaning and stuff around here. The work details.” Cleaning, cooking, feeding the pigs. Bleeding the pigs. Butchering the skinned, gutted animal carcasses left for us in the cold house a short distance from the Keep. Nicole, who didn’t eat meat, refused to take part in that last job. One more thing that set her apart.
“A lot of it, sure. But not up here, or down in the tunnels. My cousin was in the Bianci for five years. That’s the usual term of service. She walked away with enough cash to open her nail salon. I’ve thought about wearing the white for a term, it’s not a bad life. It’s better if you don’t talk to them, though.”
“So, the ones that carry the trays of zalika…” I’d noticed nobody spoke to them, and had followed suit. I thought they were Télèt. Something about the way they move.
“God, no. Those are the baby vampires. Extremely dangerous, don’t ever try to talk to them. The older ones keep them under pretty close watch, anyway, until they decide they’re safe, or else they have to…” she drew her hand across her throat. 
We set up our easels on one of the balconies, overlooking the lake. Nicole caught my eye and smiled, which was good to see. The previous day, I’d walked into our room and found her lying on her back, staring at the ceiling with such a fixed expression that I thought, for one horrible moment, that she was dead.
“Nicole, how much longer do you think it’ll be before they decide nobody’s going to attack us? At some point, things have to return to normal, right?”
“Don’t hold your breath. There’ve been more enemy sightings, within a few miles.” Despite her frequent complaints about being an outsider, Nicole had sources. “I do have some good news, though. The Dread Vampire Desiree will not be disemboweling me. In return, I am to stay the hell away from her husband.” 
Her veneer of calmness shattered, and her voice rose. “She’s crazy! Most of the Télèt women, the ones with male consorts, they don’t care what those guys do during the day.”
“What was going on with Moreau and Desiree the other night, anyway? When Kiernan said it was forbidden.”
“It’s this mental combat thing they do. They lock eyes until one of them yields. I’ve never actually seen it, but people say it sometimes makes the loser go completely psycho. I mean, seriously, dangerously insane.” She watched my face as I considered the implications. “Yeah. Moreau’s a lot stronger, so I’m surprised Lady Crazy was willing to challenge her. She must’ve been really pissed about the thing with Mark.”
She busied herself laying out her paints. I looked out over the lake—pond, really, but even from this distance I could see its mysterious depths, so many shades of blue, more still in the cloud-streaked sky. The trees were a mix of autumn color and the rich green of pines. My desire to work in color was a physical hunger. Ansel Adams. Think of it that way, and maybe it won’t be so bad. 
—
I walked into the map room, and the Nightwatch officer who’d escorted me there closed the door behind me. Sitting around the big terrain-relief table were most of the leadership of Abbey Keep; Kiernan, along with Moreau, Leo and Lena Ranenewitz, Therese and Carla Fontaine, and Mark Colby. 
“Renee. Have a seat, please.” Feeling very out of place, I slid onto an empty stool between Mark and Carla. 
“Outpost Seven.” Kiernan pointed to one of the little flags on the raised map. “Let me recap what we’ve gone over so far. Earlier this evening, the Nightwatch was patrolling along the fence and found what may have been evidence of enemy scouting. Or it may have been nothing at all. But the location is concerning.” He tapped his finger on the narrow strip of blacktop, lined up directly with the flag.
“I was working with the team that found it,” Moreau added. “A bunch of beer cans, and the scent of several unknown warmbloods, all male. And the stench of fear.”
“I think the beer cans are unrelated,” Leo said. Tall and thin, with a somehow forgettable face. I had rarely seen him crack a smile. “It would be stupid of them to sit there drinking like that.”
“They can be plenty stupid.” Therese. “If they weren’t, they’d find a different hobby. Doesn’t mean they’re not dangerous. Makes them unpredictable.”
Moreau waved her hand dismissively. “Be that as it may. Beer or no, we have to ask ourselves, why would a group of men pulled off to the side of the road be so afraid? There could be many reasons. Perhaps they were planning a bank robbery. But, as Stephan said, the location.”
Kiernan looked at me. “Outpost Seven protects the entrance to a network of caves, which connect back to the tunnels under the Keep. Rough going for omnivores, but passable. Our intent is to heighten the security there.”
“We should dynamite that passage,” Therese said. “Should have been done before now.”
Kiernan glanced at her, and she studied the relief map. He continued, “Renee, I’ve been thinking about ways to leverage this ability of yours. First, though, we’ll need to establish some parameters. You don’t know if you can carry more than one person, or bring others on a longer jump. Correct?”
“Yes, that’s true.”
Mark clapped me on the shoulder. “We should designate someone to be her handler for this. Work with her on testing the limits of what she can do.” I looked sideways at him. I didn’t particularly want him handling me. Now I had one more reason not to want him touching me. I didn’t like it much, but what if Desiree thought I did?
“That’s why I asked Carla to join us. She’ll be Renee’s primary coordinator on the day side. Therese will work with her when anything needs to be done at night.”
Mark’s hand found its way back to the laminate border of the relief map. Good place for it.
“Before we go much farther with this,” Leo said, “I’d like to find out if we’re wasting our time here.” He looked at me steadily. Like he suspected his boss was having him on about this whole teleportation business. I met his eyes. I’m not Télèt. I don’t have to play by those rules.
He leaned over and tapped the flag Kiernan had pointed to earlier. “Renee, does this map give you a clear enough idea of the location to do this thing? I’d like to see if you can bring Mark and Carla there.”
“No. I can’t jump anywhere unless I’ve been there.”
He nodded. “Therese.”
She stood up and motioned to me. “Come on.”
Down in the parking garage, she opened a metal door and pulled out one of the motorized bikes I’d seen coming and going during the day. She handed me a helmet, and swung into the seat. “Get on behind me. Hold on tight, and keep your feet on those little metal pegs.”
Once she was satisfied that I was settled in and wouldn’t fall off, she started the motor. It was electric, but I’d expected it to be louder, up close. Then she took off. I had an impression of speed, but couldn’t see much, because she didn’t turn on the headlight. It was smooth going until she left the asphalt for one of the gravel access roads. Then it wasn’t. I lost contact with one of the pegs, but kept my knee bent so my foot wouldn’t hit the ground.
“You can let go of me now. We’re here.”
“Sorry. Are your ribs all right?”
She chuckled. “I’m fine. Come on.”
“I can’t see.”
She took my arm. “Path’s right in front of you. Come on, take a step, I’ll catch you if you trip.”
Some secret weapon I am. I put one foot cautiously in front of the other, finding that I could make out the shapes of nearby trees, and a bulky structure in front of us. Okay, I can see, at least a little.
Until we went inside the building. I held my hand in front of my face, and could barely see its outline against a lighter rectangle at one end of the room.
“Oh, good.” A male voice, unfamiliar. “I knew we were missing something in this charming hellhole. Welcome.”
“Kiernan’s orders, Dave. I’m going to turn on the light.”
She did, and I saw a cramped room with cinderblock walls, with large windows on one end. A man in a black uniform slouched in a metal folding chair. On the far end, an opening in the wall was blocked by a heavy gate with a padlock and chain, beyond which an irregular cavern led away into darkness. Unlike the one I’d toured as a kid, its floor had not been smoothed or leveled.
“Let me know when you’ve seen enough,” Therese said.
“I’ve got it. I’ll meet you back there.” I took off the helmet, handed it to her, and stepped into the map room.
Leo Ranenewitz broke off in mid-sentence to look at me. Several other heads turned.
Kiernan said, “Let’s see if you can bring the other two Patrollers back there with you. Together if you can, but one at a time would work.”
“Try standing together. Closer. Put your hands on each other’s shoulders. Good.” I grabbed each of them by one elbow, and pushed.
The light was still on. Therese had left, but the other Nightwatch officer was still there. “We have room for one or two more,” he said. “Just warmbloods, though. Maybe three or four if we all get cozy.”
“Shut up, Dave,” Carla said. “Okay, you can take us back now.”
A couple of people glanced up when we reappeared in the map room, but this time, it was closer to the way they’d react if somebody walked in the door. 
Kiernan asked, “How do you feel?”
“Fine.” I remembered how hard it had been for me to step between timelines at first. Then it got easier, like strengthening a muscle, or practicing a skill.
“Good. Here’s what I propose in terms of that outpost. Two experienced Dawn Patrollers during the daytime, to be transported there by Renee shortly before dawn and retrieved after sunset. I want one Nightwatch officer on duty along with them. That won’t be a popular assignment, but if there is an attack, it’s most likely to come by day.”
“I’ll make that roster,” Leo said. “Renee, the other part of your assignment is to be available at all times during the day. If there is an attack, we may need you to transport reinforcements to the mouth of the cave. Or to retrieve our Patrollers if the odds don’t look good. I hope you realize, this is not a risk-free operation. Those bolt throwers have killed more than one of our warmbloods.”
I knew what Leo was talking about. As part of the Dawn Patrol training, we’d examined and fired the weapons, which looked like a shotgun with a thick barrel to accommodate the wooden projectiles they fired. 
“I understand.” My stomach felt like a clenched fist. It wasn’t the danger, which scarcely seemed real. They’re all looking at me. I kind of hate it. At the same time, I’m pretty sure I could get used to this. 
16
“You look so sharp in that,” Marya ran a blood-red fingernail along the seam of my jacket sleeve.
“Thanks.” I tugged at the collar of my uniform. It wasn’t comfortable. Lena and Mark had decided to graduate me, provisionally, from Dawn Patrol training, even though I hadn’t earned all the required marksmanship badges. Not yet. I will, though. Through hard work, my skill level had advanced from abysmal to mediocre. At seven yards, I was at least hitting the target most of the time, now, if not any particular part of it. 
“She looks just as dorky as everyone else.” Frederic looked at me with that half-smile he often wore, giving the impression that life amused him.
Marya asked him, “You’re going to come back at the end of the month, right?” Frederic had been expelled from the training, but he’d been invited to reapply after thirty days.
“I don’t think so. Mark’s kind of a scary guy, and he does not like me. I’m not sure if it has to do with that thing between Jeanette and Desiree, or what.” Frederic lowered his voice, pulling me close with one hand and Marya with the other. “Hey, you realize the art show is happening right now, in Kisco? Any chance of sneaking us out of here one night this week, and taking a break from all this?”
“Not happening.” Kiernan had prepared me for requests like that.
“She’s been told not to,” Marya added. “Are people freaking out about you being able to do that, Renee?”
“Not really. I think they’re already used to it. It might be more of an adjustment if they weren’t used to seeing the Télèt walk through walls.”
Marya leaned closer to me. “When you go to the secret outpost tonight, can you check on Wilbur? He’s been awake out there all day. I’m worried about him.”
“Sure.” The situation at the outpost was supposed to be need-to-know, but with the number of people rotating through assignments there, it had become an open secret. “Speaking of which, it’s about time. I’ll see you guys later.”
I headed for the former storage closet that had been cleaned out and dubbed the transporter room. I’d mentioned that it was helpful to have something distinctive to focus on, so a pentagram had been painted in white on the concrete floor.
At least they didn’t put a fat, guttering candle at each of the points. Daryl, one of the baby vampires I’d seen serving zalika upstairs, had been assigned to prepare the room for me. The first time I’d seen it, I had struggled to keep from laughing. Are they expecting me to summon a demon?
Perhaps. Daryl had neither spoken to me, nor even looked directly at me, in obedience to the restrictions placed on all new Télèt. His mentor, Richard de Bordenave, who styled himself an alchemist and a warlock, told me it was a sigil of great power and that he hoped I would find it helpful. It was certainly memorable. I’d thanked them, and told them it would do very nicely.
Focusing my mind on the outpost, I could see it, hazily. Good. They’ve left me enough room in the middle. I stepped through. It was full dark outside, and two of the Nightwatch now occupied the chairs in front of the windows. One of the Dawn Patrollers stepped into the middle of the room and stood ready, while the other was still gathering his belongings. It was a long shift. As for me, over the course of the past week I’d gone from imagining myself as a member of the Avengers, with my ‘unusual ability’ and snappy uniform, to feeling more like the guy that operated the elevator between the parking garage and the tower room. Push the button, the people go up; push the other one, down they come again.
“Is Wilbur still around, or did he take off already?”
One of the Nightwatch jerked a thumb toward the cave entrance, where the gate now stood open. I took a few steps inside. “Wilbur?”
I saw a pale shape in the darkness, only his face visible above the black uniform. I moved forward carefully over the uneven floor. “Did you want me to take you back to the Keep?” I held my hands out, palm up, for him to grip. The Nightwatch normally made their own way back and forth, but this was Wilbur, and I’d promised Marya.
He stepped toward me, tilting his head to one side, looking at me. There was something hungry in his expression. I realized that the way I was extending my arms to him could be taken more than one way. It also occurred to me that I was a lot less afraid of Marya than I was of Desiree. I didn’t lower my arms.
He stepped back, the rapt look in his eyes replaced by alarm. “Renee, forgive me. I’m sorry, I, no, I’ll go back through the tunnels.” He turned, and vanished into the darkness.
I stood there for a moment, heart racing, aware that the two Nightwatch officers probably found all of this highly entertaining. I didn’t look at them as I walked back into the outpost. The two patrollers, their personal items slung over their shoulders, stood gripping each other’s forearms. Grateful to escape the outpost, I shoved them back to the Keep.
My duty for the evening completed, I headed back to the compound, hoping not to run into Marya. It wasn’t Wilbur’s momentary fixation that disturbed me, but my own reaction. This is getting ridiculous. Teleni tendencies, I’ve heard that term, and I’ve got a serious case.
First Bernard, and more recently, the fantasy I’d caught myself entertaining about Lord Kiernan, ever since he’d let me teleport him to the Chapel Hall. In the daydream, we didn’t go back to his office right away. Not until he’d taken communion from me beneath the watchful eyes of the Goddess. Harmless enough to imagine; something from an alternate timeline, perhaps. But Wilbur, that was the last straw. I needed to talk to someone about this. Not Nicole.
As I’d hoped, Lena Ranenewitz was still in the kitchen, checking the work roster for the following day.
“Lena, do you have a few minutes?” I hope she won’t find my question insulting, like a rejection of the whole Télene way of life.
“Sure. What’s on your mind?”
I closed the door and walked over to her. “I don’t know quite how to put this. But suppose one of the Télèt, suppose they’re tempting you, and you don’t want them to?”
“Yes, some of them can be… persistent. If you don’t want that kind of attention, tell them to knock it off. If they don’t, complain directly to Lord Kiernan. Or if you don’t feel comfortable discussing it with him, come to me.”
“That’s not quite what I’m asking. What if you’re tempted, but don’t want to be?” 
She nodded. “There are times when you have to say no to yourself. To tell yourself, not now. Sometimes I have to shut that down, even with Leo. So I’m not the one tempting him into taking more than I can afford to lose.”
“Okay.” At least she doesn’t think it’s a crazy problem to have.
“Listen, though, if Bernard is bothering you, talk to his mentor. Your teacher. She can put an end to his nonsense, real fast.”
She probably wonders why I’m laughing. “Oh, I’m not worried about Bernard.” 
—
I saw Marya winding her way across the crowded floor of the tower room, moving fast and headed directly toward me, with a dangerous look in her eyes.
You’re kidding. I didn’t do anything. I mentally rehearsed some moves I’d learned, preparing to put her on the ground without hurting her any more than necessary, if it came to that.
But her anger wasn’t directed at me. She leaned over and whispered, “Renee. Look at Wilbur, and tell me if you recognize that woman he’s talking to.” She jerked her head to show me which direction.
They were sharing a short couch, knees touching, her hand covering his. Bent close together in conversation. She was pretty, with long, dark hair, wearing an old-fashioned dress with full skirts and long sleeves. Along with a bulky vest that looked like something a hunter might wear. 
“I don’t know her right offhand, Marya, but I’m fairly sure she’s Télèt.” It was odd that she didn’t strike any chord of recognition at all. Maybe the restrictions on people coming and going were starting to ease up. 
“She’s not! She’s warmblooded, I can tell.” She got up and headed toward them, still moving with that stiff-legged stalk. Leo Ranenewitz beat her there. He bent over as if bowing, talking to the two of them. It didn’t look entirely friendly. The woman stood up, and Leo reached for her arm. 
She stepped back, and brought both hands to the center of her chest, where she wore a large medallion. Then she vanished.
Leo caught my eye, looking at me accusingly. “Meeting room two.”
It was a small group of us that assembled there. Leo, Kiernan, Therese, Wilbur, and me. “I can’t explain it,” Wilbur was saying as I walked in. “She was my fiancée, around a hundred years ago. Well, sort of. My uncle, he was a very strong personality, he wanted for the two of us to marry.”
“Wait, are you talking about Ada?” Leo looked over at me like my interruption wasn’t appreciated, but he was the one who’d invited me in there.
“It was her. As a much younger woman. She knew me, came over to speak with me.”
Leo turned that same look on him. “What did she want?”
“I can hardly say. We didn’t get much chance to talk. It was a shock. I kept saying to her, ‘Ada, it can’t be you.’”
“Wilbur, please. Try to remember everything she said to you.”
Not much, as it turned out. How have you been, and it’s been so long, and I’ve missed you. Come home. My father wants to speak with you. 
“Larson,” Kiernan said. He and Leo glanced over at each other, then both of them looked back at Wilbur. He looked unnerved. I couldn’t blame him.
Kiernan turned to me. “Renee, do you have any input on this?”
“I did hear that Larson’s back at the house. But I don’t know anything about the rest of it. I saw her disappear, that’s all.”
Leo said, “Well, I doubt she’s an Antonite agent. They don’t generally send their women into our enclaves, at night, to hold hands with the vampires. Although that would actually be an effective way for them to gather intelligence. But I don’t like the idea of people randomly coming and going as they please. It turns all our security precautions into a bad joke.”
“How many people saw her,” Therese asked, “and assumed she was someone’s guest? I’ll fess up, I was one of them. I was just coming to find you, Leo, and ask if we’d started allowing that again. Most of them wouldn’t question it even as much as I did. That’s what happens when you allow strange warmbloods to wander around the place. No offense, Renee.”
“Renee is a valued ally,” Leo told her.
Kiernan overrode him with, “She’s one of us, now.” I liked that better. “And the idea of prohibiting warmblooded visitors would not be popular at all. Wilbur, I want you to go and talk to your uncle. Tonight. Make it clear to him, and to your former fiancée, that we would welcome a visit from them once our security situation is resolved, but would prefer that they use the elevator.”
“Tell them that we have armed people all over the place and that an unexpected visit could precipitate a tragedy,” Leo added. “Have your cousin bring you back there. We still want to minimize the traffic going in and out of here, particularly to our private homes and businesses. Remember, for purposes of security, we must assume that all of these locations are known to them. But for purposes of secrecy, we behave as though none of them are.”
I noticed that Therese was silently mouthing the words along with him. She saw me looking and returned my gaze with a bland expression, but her eyes were dancing with mischief. Had I thought that neither she, nor Leo, had a sense of humor? They did, but it was dry as dust.
“Therese,” Leo continued, “I have a confession of my own to make. This woman made an earlier visit to the tower room, by day, and I saw a report of it. A complaint from the Bianchi about a woman who appeared out of nowhere, and bid them a good morning. I was going to have Lena mention to you, Renee, that they prefer to be left in peace. Except it wasn’t you, was it.” 
“No.”
“I don’t think she did it the same way as Renee does,” Wilbur said. He wasn’t looking at me. He was staring down at the table. “She may not share that ability. She had some kind of button on her chest, and when she pressed it, there was a little click. Right before she vanished. I believe it may be some device of Larson’s.”
“If so,” Kiernan said, “the implications are enormous. If we could get hold of that technology… well. I don’t mean to pry into your family business, Wilbur, but I’d be very interested to learn why your uncle wanted to speak to you.”
17
Wilbur and I appeared in the grand foyer. Neither of us wanted to look at the other, but when we did, nothing weird happened. Just a momentary aberration, and I was ready to put it behind me.
“I think they’ve all gone to bed.”
“We’ll have to wake them up.” Wilbur headed for the stairs, then paused and motioned for me to go ahead of him. “You’d better take the lead. Some of them might be alarmed if I come knocking on their doors. Although in all the years since I came over to the blood, I have never bitten one single member of my family, and I certainly don’t intend to start now.”
“Yes, that’s for the best. If you hang back out of sight until we find Larson. I doubt he’ll be frightened of you.”
“No. He’s not.”
Upstairs, I saw light shining through the transom window above Luann’s door. I knocked, and she let me in, holding a paperback in one hand. “Renee! I am so glad to see you. I have to tell you, things have changed while you’ve been away. Grandpa Larson’s back. He doesn’t look much older than I am.”
“I know. We, I actually came to talk to him. I know it’s late. Is he staying in one of the rooms here?”
“We offered him one, but no. I don’t know where he goes. You might have to try again during the day. He always joins us for dinner. But tell me, how are you? How is the art school going?”
“Good. I want to tell you about some of the paintings I’ve done. I’ll bring them to show you, when I can, but I have to go see if I can find Larson.” I hugged her, and we held each other tight, sharing comfort while Wilbur waited patiently in the darkened upstairs lounge.
After I said goodnight to Luann, Wilbur and I walked back across the mezzanine. There was no light coming from Jim’s room. “I don’t think it would do any good to wake him up, Wilbur. Kevin’s more likely to be able to tell us something useful. Or Ada.”
“Ada, yes. The older one. I have to see her, see if she’s still the same.”
We went to Kevin’s room first. Finding him deep in concentration, bent over a notebook that looked like one of Gil’s, I knocked gently to get his attention.
“Hey, Kev. We’re looking for Larson. You said he wanted to talk to me, right?”
“He’s in the singularity. Him and Gil spend most of their time there, but they said for me not to, yet. Because I’m still growing.”
“You’ve been in there, though, right? How do you get in?”
“I’m not sure if I’m supposed to say.”
“That closet in the library,” Wilbur said.
“But that doesn’t connect to—” I closed my mouth. Right. Teleportation.
“We never had any means of getting Larson’s attention when he’s in there, though. My Aunt Helene found it very vexing. We used to joke about installing a doorbell. Unless you know of a way, Kevin?”
“Not really. He did say there were disturbances that drew him to our timeline, and Gil’s. It was probably the way Gil kept hammering on the wall of the singularity. He got me to do that, too.”
“Kevin, I think that’s dangerous.”
He shrugged.
“I get the feeling we won’t be talking to Larson tonight,” Wilbur said. “I do want to see Ada.”
We headed for the back stairs. At the end of the hall, Wilbur stopped me. “Renee, I’ve been hearing more and more talk about an attack on the Keep. Word out of Cibola about a large force headed in our direction.”
I’d heard it, too, although I still wasn’t clear on where or what Cibola was. It didn’t sound good. It made me think of The Stand. Bumpty-bumpty-bump.
“I think it might be the real thing this time around,” he continued. “I’m trying to get Marya to come back here and stay for a while, and I’d feel better if you were here with her. Safer for both of you.”
“I can’t, Wilbur. I made a commitment to use what I’m able to do, at the outpost.” Even if that weren’t true, I would have no desire to move back here.
“Duty. Yes. I’m in the same situation, and Imogene….” He shrugged, and started down the stairs.
Wilbur knocked this time, and Ada invited us in. “Welcome, although I'm afraid I don't have enough chairs. I don't get many visitors here. We could all go sit in the parlor.” Most of the floor was covered with her papers, arranged in piles and rows. Parts of the wall that had previously displayed these were now bare.
“We won't stay long,” Wilbur said. “How have you been?”
“Well enough. Here, Renee can sit on the bed with me. Wilbur, you take the chair.”
We settled ourselves. Wilbur told her, “You’re as lovely as ever, Ada.”
“You're kind to say so, Wil, but one thing we have in common is that I'm able to see my reflection in a looking-glass.” She looked pleased by the compliment nonetheless. 
“We're trying to get in touch with your father. He's back in there, like the old days. Do you have any way to contact him?
“I do not. It's so strange to see him, unchanged from the day he vanished. So many years ago. If we went out on the town together, people would take us for mother and son. But, stranger still to see myself. I wouldn't have thought it possible. I've been trying to figure it all out.” 
Ada waved a hand at the piles of diagrams and drawings. “I wonder what would happen if she and I were to enter the singularity together? Perhaps nothing. I don't intend to find out. I escaped from it once, and I don't mean to try my luck again. I’m sure you understand.”
Wilbur nodded. “Ada, your... younger self paid a visit to our enclave. Abbey Keep. I recall your parents visited once, but were you ever there?”
“Never. After you met Imogene... you remember how Father was about that. Furious. He told the rest of the family that the, pardon me, 'damned bloodsuckers' weren't getting a chance at any more of us.”
“Your younger self disappeared rather suddenly into thin air. Do you know how that would be possible?”
“My father was working on something along those lines before he vanished. Extending the path between the library and the singularity so that, hypothetically, he could have gone anywhere. I always thought that was most likely how he lost his way in time and space. But now he has found his way back to us.”
“I have a message for Larson from our lord dominus, Stephan Kiernan.” Wilbur's voice had grown suddenly formal. “Can you convey it for me?”
“Ah, the estimable Mr. Kiernan. I did meet him when he came here, to the house. How is he?”
“It's courteous of you to inquire. The saying when it comes to our kind is that, with a very few exceptions, we are either fine or we are dead. He is well, and asks that Larson and your young counterpart refrain from any further unexpected visits to our enclave. We have an ugly situation in play there, and a great many people with guns in their hands and nerves stretched tight. Which brings me to the second part of my request. If I were to bring Marya back here, could you keep an eye on her?”
“I can do both of those things for you.” Ada leaned forward, covering one of Wilbur’s hands with her own. I was studying her ancient face, my artist's eye searching for traces of the younger woman I’d seen earlier that evening. Now, I could see the similarities in her movement, her posture. “I must tell you, though, she'll be subject to my father's rules along with the rest of us. He may try to marry her off.”
Wilbur smiled. “It will only be for a short time, with any luck. He’s unlikely to kill her, as those lunatics who are hunting us might do, if they had the chance.” He put his free hand over hers, gently capturing it. “Thank you, Ada.”
“My pleasure. She's a lovely girl. Come and see me more often, Wilbur. We live here in the same house, and yet I can't remember the last time we talked.”
“I haven't been around much, lately. But I will.”
“Even though we could never love each other the way my father wanted us to, I hope you know that I do care about you. As if you were one of my own brothers.”
“And I have always felt the same for you.” He stood and raised her hand briefly to his lips. 
—
Three days passed, structured by my now-familiar routine, seeming longer than their actual span of hours under the ever-present tension. I thought about the way Wilbur had phrased it, nerves stretched tight. Then the routine was broken.
Shortly before dawn, as usual, I reported to the transporter room. Instead of a pair of Patrollers waiting to be ferried to the outpost, I found Lena Ranenewitz. “Lord Kiernan would like to see you,” she told me, her voice soft and apologetic.
I walked down to his office, without an escort this time, still half asleep and trying to think of anything I might have done wrong.
“Renee. Please, take a seat.” Once I had, he didn't keep me in suspense for long. “The enemy surprised us. They attacked by night, less than an hour ago. I'm sorry to tell you, your cousin Wilbur was killed in the fighting.”
I sat there, feeling numb, as he continued. “Wilbur and Therese were stationed at Outpost Seven. The intruders came through the fence, using some kind of heavy equipment. Therese and Wilbur radioed it in, but didn't wait for reinforcements. I wouldn't have, either. Therese reports that the klieg lights they had mounted on their vehicles lit up the forest brighter than daylight. 
“A yellowish light, such as people might use for houseplants, but thousands of times more powerful. Perhaps they were hoping it would incapacitate our kind, or even kill us. It doesn't work that way. But it was blinding. They had bolt throwers. And rocket launchers, although they never got a chance to use those. They were headed here, for the Keep.”
Kiernan paused for a moment. “This may be more than you wanted to hear. Would you like me to continue?”
“Yes. Please.”
He nodded. “There were ten or eleven of them. Nine killed or captured, and at least one that fled in the equipment trailer they parked on the road. The rest of us got there as quickly as we could, but it was essentially over by then. Wilbur and Therese stopped them before they reached the access road. They fired at the lights, putting most of them out, until they ran out of ammunition. Then they charged forward. 
“You've seen how fast we can move. Perhaps they should have waited, but I hate to second-guess anyone in a situation like that. After some of the things I've done myself. You don't have time to think. Sometimes you're able to plan coherently, even in the heat of the action, and that comes with experience. But not always, even then.” He stopped speaking, and after a time, I realized he'd finished.
“Thank you for telling me. What am I supposed to, what do I do now?” I waved my hand in front of myself to draw attention to my uniform. There was a very stupid voice at the back of my head, telling me I was late for my assignment. Perhaps it wanted to shift to an alternate timeline, where none of this had happened.
“We're not stationing the usual Patrol out there today. You should take the day off. I'm very sorry about Wilbur. Each loss hurts all of us, but the families of the fallen most of all.”
“Thank you for telling me.” I said that already, didn't I? I stood up. I didn't want to walk back to the compound. It suddenly seemed like a long way. I realized that I didn't have to, and vanished.
It was the first time I’d jumped without a conscious destination. I'd been thinking of the compound, but ended up at the center of that pentagram in the transporter room. I didn't want the day off. I wanted something to do.
In the Dawn Patrol briefing room, Mark and Lena were conferring over a chart. I made my way over to them through the crowd of gray-clad people.
“Renee, I'm so sorry about your cousin,” Lena said. “I wanted to say that earlier, but Lord Kiernan wanted to tell you about it personally.”
“Thank you. Have you seen Marya?”
“No. Imogene will have told her, if she didn’t already know. When her protégé died, she would have felt it, and Marya may have, as well. They probably need some time together, just the two of them.”
Mark said, “I was about to head to the outpost and see the damage. Want to ride along?”
I started to say no, then realized I did want to. “Sure.”
Down in the parking garage, he opened the same metal door I remembered from the night of my wild ride with Therese. He pulled out one of the motorbikes. “Ever ride one of these?”
“Yeah.” If having me pressed against his back was his cheap thrill for the day, so be it. The more I thought about it, the stronger my desire to see for myself. It flashed through my mind that I could get there faster on my own, but it didn't seem like a good idea to drop in unexpectedly. 
He balanced the bike on its kickstand, and pulled out a second one. “Here.” 
It hurt me to admit it. “Well, as a passenger.”
“It's not difficult.” Mark ran through the basics—throttle, front and rear brakes, ignition—and handed me a helmet. “We can start out slow. There's no rush.”
So that was the day I got my first chance to ride a motorbike into the woods. I could tell you my heart was too heavy to enjoy it, but that would be a lie. The fall air was cool, the wind on my face like a caress.
We stopped next to a squat, ugly structure set into the hillside, all grays and browns and window glass. It was the first time I’d seen Outpost Seven by daylight. There was a great deal of commotion in the woods between the outpost and the highway. Leaving our bikes at the end of the access road, we continued on foot.
I saw a big tractor, sitting on treads like a tank and bristling with multiple floodlights, many of them shattered. Two Jeeps, one of them lying on its side, were outfitted the same way. The one that was still upright had been splashed generously with what looked like maroon paint, but probably wasn’t. At least a dozen people walked or stood around, most wearing the gray coveralls that were the heavy-duty version of the Dawn Patrol uniform, a few in silvery jackets and helmets with tinted visors. 
I put my hand on a thick tree trunk, near what I thought, at first, was a sawn-off branch. Smooth and regular, almost as thick around as my wrist, it protruded from the tree at waist level. Then I saw it had a band of metal around its end, and recognized it from our familiarization session with the bolt throwers.
There was an unfamiliar smell in the air. It wasn't pleasant. Out where the fence had been damaged, four people worked to repair it. Others stood by with rifles, staying back in the trees where they could not be seen from the highway. 
“I want these vehicles moved farther from the road,” one of the silver-clad figures ordered. I recognized Leo Ranenewitz's voice. “See if you can start them up and drive them to Depot Four. Julia, Ahmad, it will help if you can take that one that fell over and get it back upright. But for the love of the Goddess, make sure nobody is driving by when you do it.”
I stood there, taking in the scene, imagining how it had been; the night forest suddenly turning to high noon, Wilbur and Therese shooting, then running, still half-blinded by the remaining floodlights. Pulling over one of the Jeeps, working together, or had the driver miscalculated and upset it himself? I could hear the shots, and the bang-thud of the bolt throwers. Through it all, that smell.
The big yellow tractor came to life with a roar, and started crawling toward us. I turned to Mark. “Thanks for letting me ride out here with you. I needed to see this. But I think I’ve seen enough.” 
I jumped to the compound. It occurred to me that I’d left Mark stuck with an extra motorbike, and that the helmet was still in my hand. I could deal with all of that later. Nicole wasn’t in our room. Without turning on the light, I laid down. Wishing I could sleep, wishing I could cry.
After a while I went upstairs to the dining area, then into the kitchen. The early breakfast for the first Dawn Patrol shift had long since ended, but now the work crew was preparing the second breakfast, for the late risers. 
I walked up to Anna, who was running things at the moment. “I’m not on the rotation, but I need something to do. Can you use another set of hands?”
“Sure. I was so sorry to hear about your cousin. We’ll make the bastards pay.”
“Thanks.” 
“Get some of that rabbit out of the fridge, and see if you can slice it thin enough that people can make believe it’s bacon, okay?”
“They could drain one of those pigs,” a man called out. “Every once in a while, you know?” It was a popular complaint. There was further discussion. Comments from people who had experience with slaughtering animals. I tuned it out as I sliced the meat.
After a while I realized I’d prepared plenty, more than was needed. I brought it over to Anna. “That looks fine, honey.” She put her hand on my shoulder and squeezed. Rather than letting go, she worked her way down my arm, giving me a one-handed massage. “Did you want something more to do, or would you rather I get you a cup of coffee and you can just sit with us?”
It might have been the matter-of-fact sympathy in her voice. Or the arm massage, or both. I burst out weeping, and she pulled me close. I barely knew her, but I sobbed helplessly into her shoulder as she held me, gently stroking my back. 
18
I sat beside Nicole, on our favorite couch in the tower room, drawing Wilbur’s face from memory. I didn’t have his eyes quite right. A photograph of him would have helped, but I didn’t know if any existed.
When the noise level in the room dropped, I looked up. A woman and a man, neither of them familiar to me, walked out of the elevator. She looked Eurasian, with dark, shaggy hair and a face like a hawk. He had a cap of curly, pale blond hair, fair eyebrows, and lashes to match. His face might have won him a modeling contract. They both gave an impression of unusual vitality. The way they moved, something in their eyes. I’d bet serious money they’re both Télèt.
Kiernan threw his arms around the woman and whirled her in a circle as she lifted her feet off the floor, bringing them up behind her. When he set her down, they exchanged a long kiss, then opened one side of their embrace to include Moreau. She also shared a kiss with the other woman, and not a sisterly peck on the lips. I found myself wishing our visitor was going to kiss me next. It was not a reaction I’d ever had to another female. I wasn’t sure what to make of it. 
“That’s his other protégé,” Nicole said. “Sarah.”
“I saw a painting of her that Moreau did.” I turned to a fresh page and started drawing her, which was a challenge because she was in constant motion, turning her head this way and that with precise, economical movements, interspersed with brief moments of perfect stillness.
The man who’d walked in with her stood in front of Kiernan and made a bow of sorts, nodding his head forward deeply and bending one leg until his knee touched the floor. 
“I don’t know who the other one is,” Nicole added. “Some random Angel, I guess.”
“No kidding. All he needs is a set of wings.” Despite his physical beauty, though, I didn’t have the same visceral reaction to him.
“Angel Squadron, is what I meant. Kon Shandahr. Not always real popular with the rest of the Télèt, because Kon Dahr has killed more vampires than those assholes who attacked us last night could ever dream of. The Télèt don’t have jails. But the Angels also hunt groups like the Antonites.”
I went back to my frenzied sketching. These Angels should have wings. The man’s, dove white like the comic book character. Sarah’s would be darker, to match her hair, although I couldn’t decide if it was black or a very dark brown. She would have the wings of a bird of prey.
When I saw Imogene walking purposefully toward me, I put down the sketchpad. My chest felt empty. What could I say to her? We’d both suffered a loss, but hers was far greater. What words could I offer, brought forth from my own grief, that might give her at least a small measure of solace?
Before she could cross the room, Kiernan began to speak, raising his voice to address everyone. Imogene stopped to listen. 
“I would like to take a moment to welcome our very own Sarah Kiernan, who most of you know already, and her comrade-in-arms Vincent Sutton of the Kon Shandahr. They are here, at my request, in connection with the recent Antonite attack that cost us the life of Wilbur Smith, who died defending his community. Let us have a moment of silence.”
We bowed our heads. Wilbur’s face was suddenly clear in my mind’s eye, as if he stood before me. I’d had it almost right, but his eyes were larger and turned down more at the outer corners. As soon as Kiernan began to talk again, I penciled in the correction, while it was still fresh in my mind.
“I trust all of you will make our guests feel welcome. Any security recommendations they make are to be treated as coming from Leo Ranenewitz or myself. Now, let’s get those servers out here with a fresh round of zali!”
There was some applause, although I’d heard more enthusiasm on other occasions. The white-garbed baby vampires didn’t make their rounds every night, but zalika was always available on tables near the elevator.
I stood up when Imogene reached our little seating alcove, although I still hadn’t thought of what to say. She was looking for more than words of consolation.
“Oh, Renee, I can’t find Marya anywhere, I thought she had sought comfort in the compound, but she is nowhere!”
“We thought she was with you!”
I wasn’t sure if she even heard me. “Wilbur wanted to send her to your house, we quarreled over it, we quarreled and now he is gone. She must be there, she must! I should never have permitted it. I am his mentor, I could have forbidden him to do this, then at least I would have her here with me, my baby,” she continued in some other language, possibly French, kneading her hands together in front of her chest. It was heart-rending. Unbearable.
“I’ll go and check right now.” I stepped into the grand foyer. It passed through my mind that I could have brought her with me, but by then I was standing in that big, open space, looking at the dark wooden bench built into the wall, and the age-spotted mirrors above it.
The lights in the dining room were on, and I could hear subdued voices coming from in there, unusual for that time of day. Luann, Ada, and Jim were deep in conversation, but fell silent when I walked into the room. Marya had been laid out on one of the spare tables, like my grandma after she died, and more recently, Uncle Albie. That sense of unreality that came over me when I heard about Wilbur, and which had started to fade, came back full force. 
Luann came over and put her arms around me without speaking. Her body was stiff with strain.
“Did those men come here? Did they hurt anyone else?” Where’s Kevin?
“Wasn’t any men,” Jim said. “Damn fool girl cut her wrists in the front tub room. I don’t think the stains will ever come out, probably have to replace it, and I don’t know if you can even—”
“Shut up.” Luann, unnaturally pale, walked up to him. “You just shut up, right now.”
He did. Luann didn’t speak to anyone that way. Not ever.
I walked over to look at Marya. Her skin had a grayish tinge. A pair of silver dollars held her eyes shut, and there was a rolled-up towel under her chin. Just like Grandma Beatrice. And Uncle Albie. Probably the same coins, maybe even the same towel. Her lips looked dry and shrunken.
“We’re having a little wake,” Ada said into the awkward silence. “I don’t know if you can eat, but we have a few things over here.”
“We had dinner in the kitchen.” Kevin stood in the doorway, the shadows under his eyes looking like bruises. “Breakfast and lunch, too. There was barely room for everyone. Larson said to go ahead and bury her before she gets too, you know, before much longer.”
“Box is almost ready,” Jim said in a subdued voice. “I had to go into town and get more lumber. Hole’s dug. Should be able to get her taken care of tomorrow.”
“Where is Wilbur?” Ada asked me. “He must be told of this.”
That stunned feeling deepened its hold on me. It was like ice on a bad bruise. “Ada, I’m sorry to have to tell you this. Wilbur is dead.” 
Her full century-plus of age settled onto her face all at once. “I never expected to outlive him. They are all but immune to time and disease, but, violence. I expect that’s what it was.” I nodded. She made her way to a chair, and sank into it. “If I could have a glass of water.”
Luann and I headed for the kitchen together. She filled the glass from the tap while I got the ice. “Renee, you know I love you like my own daughter. But I don’t know if you should be here. Not unless you mean to stay. Larson, he’s bringing us back to the old way of doing things. His way. He won’t permit you to keep coming and going like this. If you don’t want the life I had as a girl, the life your mother ran away from, it might be best for you to stay away. I can give you some money.”
I filled another glass, and took a sip. It didn’t help. “I think I need to lie down.”
“Yes, it’s late, we should all get to bed. This must be so hard for Kevin.” She carried the water glass as we went back into the other room, and handed it to Ada.
“Larson wants to talk to you,” Jim told me. “He said he’ll be at breakfast tomorrow morning.”
“In the kitchen,” Kevin added.
Luann was staring into the middle distance, eyes unfocused. “She was fine all day yesterday. Helping me with the laundry, and the vacuuming. Completely cheerful.”
“They get that way sometimes, right before they do it.” Jim gave her a look that was both wary and defiant.
“Kevin, I think it’s time you went to bed.” Luann came back to herself, and looked around the room. “Let’s leave all of that on the table, shall we? None of it’s going to spoil.”
—
I collapsed into the soft cloud of quilts on Grandma’s old bed without even bothering to undress. I barely had the energy to slip off my shoes and turn out the light. I thought about going back to the Keep, but I was in no hurry to face Imogene. I also had no desire to talk to Larson. I won’t stay until morning. Just a short nap. I sank gratefully into oblivion.
And awoke in the greatest terror I’d felt since I was a small and helpless child, alone in the dark, convinced I was surrounded by monsters.
I groped for the lamp in slow motion in the near-total darkness, not wanting to knock it over, certain that a cold hand would close over my wrist at any moment. I could jump, but anyone touching me was likely to come along for the ride. I could try the tower room, maybe someone there would be able to—
I found the lamp, turned it on, and saw that I was alone in the room.
A dream. It was only a dream. I’d been outside in the courtyard, under a full moon. I could clearly see the fountain, and Marya’s body lying there, half in and half out of the water. Except it wasn’t water. It was blood, painting stripes on the metal bird, raining down on Marya’s face.
She opened her eyes, and there was nothing in them but darkness. Rolled smoothly to her feet, and said, “Renee.” I could see her fangs when she spoke.
That was when I woke up. I sat on the bed, hugging my knees. Why was I so afraid? I had no particular fear of vampires.
But, oh God, what if…
I felt as if I’d been lowered into ice-cold water. Was it possible? Was that even how it worked? I knew it involved an exchange of blood. I’d heard that when the Télèt decided it was time to bring someone over, it usually took five or six of them. Because that was how many were needed to drain all the blood from a human body. But what if the blood got out some other way?
I had to go see. I looked at the door. I couldn’t move. That freezing water.
I could jump. Just a quick peek. Or, I needn’t even go down there. I could catch at least a blurred glimpse of the dining room by focusing on it, in preparation. I closed my eyes. Tried it standing up. Nothing.
Maybe it’s too dark? No, we’d left the lights on. I couldn’t see, because there was no part of me that intended to jump down there. 
“Coward!” 
I said it again, louder, not worried about disturbing anyone. The room was on the end of a row, next to the one occupied by Marya when she stayed at the house.
What would Mark Colby do? Probably charge down there with a wooden pencil clenched between his teeth, in case he had to defend himself. I’d heard that sometimes, a new vampire woke up dangerously mad, and had to be put down like a rabid dog, for much the same reasons.
What would Moreau do, or Therese, or Carla? It didn’t matter. I was none of them. The best I could do was jump to the Keep and get help. I appeared outside Kiernan’s office, but the door was closed and no light showed through the frosted glass window. I tried the knob anyway. Locked. I pounded on the door. He has to be in there, he has to! I need him. It didn’t occur to me to look for someone else.
“I think he’s in the map room,” said someone passing by, without stopping. Male or female, Télèt or warmblood, or whether I knew them, I couldn’t have said.
I opened the door to the map room without knocking, interrupting a conference of some kind. “Lord Kiernan, I need to talk to you.”
Shortly, I was sitting in his office as he looked at me with grave compassion. Maybe he’ll tell me it doesn’t work that way at all. I wasn’t sure which answer I was hoping for.
“Marya. She’s at my house. Dead. She cut her wrists.”
He nodded once, and opened his mouth to respond. I didn’t give him a chance. “Could my family be in danger? Could she…”
“Even if she did this thing right after Wilbur was killed, it hasn’t been twenty-four hours. For her to wake so early would be very unusual. She may not wake at all. The circumstances were far from ideal, and even when they are—”
“You have to come with me and get her. Please. Right away.” I stood and held out my arms to him. Very unusual did not sound like the same thing as impossible.
He held up one hand, palm out, in response. “In just a few minutes.” He picked up his desk phone, hit a button. ”Kiernan here. I want someone to find Imogene Desjardin and bring her to my office, please. Send two people. One to the tower room, the other to her apartment, then into the catacombs if she’s not there. I need her here as soon as possible.”
He hung up the phone. “I wish Marya had made a different choice, but I understand why she would do such a thing. There’s a bond that forms when blood is shared. To have it severed so violently, replaced by emptiness… and she is very young. If she’d been here, with Imogene, it would have been better. She must have felt so alone.”
When Imogene came in, he went to her and took both of her hands, speaking to her in Tsangue, the Télèt language.
“Please, my lord, if there is any chance, any chance at all…”
“We’ll go and see. If she is truly dead, she should be laid to rest beside Wilbur. If not, it becomes even more vital for us to bring her home.” He turned and looked at me.
I took each of them by an elbow and brought us to the grand foyer. Two more steps, of the more ordinary sort, and I could see that Marya was still lying there. The relief took the strength out of me so I could barely stay on my feet. If one of my family had been harmed because I took a nap, because I was too stupid with grief and exhaustion to consider the implications of a vampire’s lover lying dead from loss of blood...
I led the way into the dining room and saw Ada, half asleep in a chair. Her eyes opened wide and she looked frightened. She saw Kiernan, and I could read in her face a relief as great as I had felt a moment before.
“You’ve come for her.” 
It wasn’t a question, but Imogene nodded. “Yes.”
Ada stood up and went over to the body. Kissed her own fingertips, and touched them to Marya’s still cheek. “Safe journey, child.” Then she walked from the room, slowly but with her back held straight. She paused in the doorway, looked back at me, and added, “I’ll explain to the others.”
She had known. Known, and yet she’d sat with Marya. Knowing that if the dead girl woke, hungry and possibly deranged, Ada would be the first warm-blooded creature she saw.
Rather than, say, Kevin.
I looked over at Kiernan, at Imogene, to see if they understood. Their attention was on Marya. He stood at her head, cradling it in his spread fingers. “Maybe,” he said.
Imogene had one hand on Marya’s chest, over her heart. “Yes.” She removed the silver dollars, pried open the eyes and bent down for a closer look. “Yes, maybe.”
She swept Marya into her arms, holding her like a baby, although awkwardly since they were close to the same size. Arms and legs dangled lifelessly, but Imogene held the head against her shoulder with one hand. Kiernan put his arms around them both and nodded to me.
Back in his office, Kiernan opened the door for Imogene, and she proceeded down the hall with her burden. He closed it behind her and went around to sit at his desk. “One reason for optimism is that there’s only one way Marya could have learned of Wilbur’s death. Through that bond. That means his blood is strong within her. So, we can hope she will be able to rejoin us.” He stared off into the distance, then focused on me. “If you’re not feeling too tired, Renee, there’s something else I want to discuss with you.”
I sat down. Somehow, what happened with Imogene had left me feeling cleansed and invigorated. Yes, at least we can hope. “I’m okay.”
He looked at me closely. “I believe you are, for the moment. It may catch up with you all at once. At any rate, Sarah and I have been batting around some ideas, and one of them involves you, and your abilities. I haven’t introduced the two of you. I will have to remedy that.”
Another one of those long pauses. “You’re very young. When you joined the Patrol, you may have thought of it as an adventure. Perhaps I should have gone to greater lengths to make it clear, when you put on that uniform, you became a soldier. And we are at war.”
He was silent for so long I decided I should say something. “So, do you have another assignment for me?”
He smiled. “The Kon Dahr and I are trying to figure out how to get into a secure location. It’s a situation where I wouldn’t normally involve a member of the Patrol. I don’t have a Nightwatch officer able to do what you can. Perhaps your ability can make you safer, better able to get out of danger. Tell me, you don’t know if your teleportation will still work in another part of the world, or if it requires proximity to Larson’s apparatus at the house. Do you?”
“No.”
“So, we would need to test the limits of your ability before discussing this seriously. What we’re thinking of, it would be dangerous. We can talk more about this later. I’ll give you all the details, and a chance to learn more of your capabilities, before asking you to decide. For now, if you pray, spare one for your friend Marya.”
Instead of the compound, I went to the Chapel Hall, and knelt before the statue there. Dark Lady. I had heard her called that, in tones of reverence. Dark Lady, please let Marya find her way back to us. She’s too young to be dead. She made a mistake, but forgive her. Let her have another chance.
After a while, my knees began to ache. I rose stiffly to my feet. Then, as I’d seen others do, I touched my hand to my lips, then my heart, and held it out in offering. 
Part III: The Wars
19
“This is the first meeting I’ve had with all six of you who are going on this mission,” Leo said. “Vincent, have you met Renee?”
“Not formally.” He inclined his head a few inches, then raised it again, wearing an expression that reminded me strongly of Bernard. “Enchanted.”
Kiernan made a small sound, coming from his throat, a momentary hiss of escaping air. Vincent’s demeanor turned more serious, and he looked over at Sarah.
“Delighted, I’m sure,” I said, as dryly as I could.
“Now that everyone is acquainted. As all of you are aware, several prisoners were taken during the attack last week. I’m sorry to report that we didn’t get much out of them.”
Sarah said something in Tsangue. Vincent and Therese laughed, and Leo cast an irritated look over at the corner where the three of them were sitting. “Not much useful information at all. Of course the overall leader of their group, the younger Warren Anton, didn’t take part in the attack. Like his father before him, he stayed safe in their Arizona compound while he sent his soldiers against us.”
Leo turned on a projector. “Here are some slides of our objective.”
I had expected desert, but the house in the picture was surrounded by a sea of scrubby grass. There were some trees in the distance. The house had a second story, comprised entirely of a roofed, open-air porch. There was a serious-looking fence, topped with coils of razor wire and decorated with unfriendly-looking signs.
“They maintain a cover as a survivalist group, and they also run an organic chicken farming operation. Their primary defense is that upper deck. A few years back, the Kon Dahr probed their security by pitching a man-sized dummy over that fence. It was struck by three wooden bolts within seventeen seconds. They have motion-activated flood lights and an alarm. Two men on that roof at all times. ”
“Although their numbers are reduced now,” Sarah pointed out. “We count only six men living there currently, and they also have to cover the extra work with the chickens.”
Leo nodded. “That is a point in our favor. They will be fatigued. But they must surely be expecting a counterattack. Anton has sent his wife to her mother’s for the time being.”
“A much less secure location.” Vincent raised his eyebrows at Sarah, his demeanor suggesting an ongoing argument.
“It has been decided at a higher level that Christine Anton is not a target at this time.” She looked at Vincent until he dropped his eyes.
After the formal briefing, Sarah took me aside, catching hold of my shirt cuff, which had a few loose threads. “I wish we had time to take you shopping. But I always travel with plenty of clothes, and mine will fit you, Renee. I’ll let you have a few of my spare blouses.”
The one Sarah was wearing reminded me of a man’s dress shirt, tailored to fit her, with subtle metallic stripes that shimmered when she moved. I can definitely see myself in something like that. “I really appreciate it. I’ll take good care of them, I promise.”
“I hope you will, but you don’t have to give them back. I have plenty. Keep them.”
I found myself thinking of Nicole, when she’d accepted that paper flower from Gil. I shall treasure it always. “Thanks, Sarah!”
As I headed for the door, I overheard Leo say, “We still don’t know for certain that she can still do it, that far from home.”
Carla heard him, too. “We took her all the way to Minneapolis to see if it made any difference. It worked there, for jumps of a few miles. Although she couldn’t teleport home from that distance.” When I’d tried, I had felt as though I were looking down from a dizzying height.
Leo continued to address Lord Kiernan. “Arizona is farther away. I hope you’ll run further tests before committing to anything.”
“We will. But I’m convinced, based on Carla’s results, that Renee’s ability is not tied to any proximity to the Smith house.”
They were looking at me again. Rather than walking out the door, I vanished. Nicole looked up when I appeared in our room, shook her head, and went back to her reading. I hope he’s right. 
—
Watching out the window as we climbed away from the runway, I found myself wishing we’d flown by day. A disadvantage of traveling with the Télèt. It was the first time I’d ridden in an airplane, and the lights below looked magical to me, like glowing jewels against a dark backdrop.
When the view was spoiled by a layer of clouds, I took my sketchpad to the back of the plane, where there was a conference table, taking a seat that allowed me to see everyone. Carla was sitting at the opposite end of the table. The four Télèt were on couches to either side of us.
There was a stack of newspapers, and I pulled one toward me. Dow Jones Enters Nose-Dive. Not a term I wanted to see on my very first plane ride. It was Saturday’s paper, but my watch told me it was past midnight. “Does anyone know today’s date?”
“It’s the fifteenth now,” Sarah told me.
October fifteenth. My birthday. I was nineteen. I didn’t mention this to the others, because I didn’t want to remind them of how young I was. 
I dug out one of my drawing pencils and looked around the cabin. I was particularly interested in Therese’s hair, braided close to her scalp in a series of razor-perfect lines. She was on one of the couches with Vincent, lying against his chest with his arms around her. Perfect. I got that prickly feeling in my scalp that happened when I saw something that would make a great drawing, if I could get it right.
Kiernan, sitting with Sarah on the other couch, asked her, “Any new information from Cibola about our target?”
“Nada. And that’s a case of no news, is good news.”
I gathered my courage. “Lord Kiernan, am I allowed to ask what Cibola means?” I was still thinking about the Trashcan Man.
“Point of procedure,” Kiernan said. “Item one, we’re all going into battle together, and Sarah is in charge of this operation. Item two, our enemies know exactly who I am. For the duration, at least, all of you are to call me Stephan. All of you.”
“We’ll bear that in mind, Stephan.” Vincent looked pleased by this invitation. He stroked Therese’s hair, making it difficult for me to draw them.
Sarah said, “I’ll give you the straight scoop. A lot of people think it’s some secret headquarters, possibly in South America. It’s just what we call our command structure. City of gold. As to why we use that name, let’s just say the Kon Dahr doesn’t have any cash flow problems. Unlike most of our enemies.”
“We’re not required to raise chickens to pay for our operations,” Vincent added. To Therese, he murmured, “Let me undo your braids.”
“Don’t you dare.”
No, don’t, I’m not done drawing her!
“But I want to play with your hair.”
Giving him a surly look, Carla interjected, “It took me hours to do those.”
“Fine. I can see I’m outvoted.” 
Carla didn’t look as if this concession made her any happier.
“I almost feel like old Warren is getting off easy,” Therese said. “I mean, when all is said and done, he gets to go on living.”
“He’s not,” Kiernan responded. “Believe me. But we’re not going to make him into a martyr, like we did with his father. That was a mistake. Leo was so angry after what they did to Daniella… well, I don’t mean to shift the blame, I agreed to it.”
“I’m almost afraid to ask,” I said.
“You may have heard that the last attack on the Keep, almost fourteen years ago, was by daylight. They didn’t get far that time, either, but they took out three of our warmbloods. Only one of whom was able to come back. Daniella, Leo’s consort at that time, took a wooden bolt to the head. What was left… there was no chance.”
Therese sat up. “You know Johnathan, who usually gets stuck running the elevator. He was killed in that attack, too. He was the lucky one.”
“He likes elevator duty,” Kiernan said. “He told me it gives him a chance to see everyone coming and going, and give them a personal greeting.”
“Maybe. Or maybe he knows nobody likes a whiner. I’ve heard him say, when Inga reaches her seven years, he’s about ready to pass that job along to her and move on to other things.”
“But won’t she have to stay on zali duty until there’s another female—” Carla cut herself off abruptly. One male and one female baby vampire, for aesthetic balance.
Marya. I wanted to ask, but I knew we weren’t supposed to. I looked at Carla, then at Kiernan.
He said, “I know you’re both wondering, and maybe it’s unfair that all of us know. We don’t want anyone to get their hopes up prematurely.”
I was getting my hopes up already.
“I can tell you this much. Marya did wake. She understands who she is, where she is, and most importantly, what she is. There is no need for the two of you to share this information with the entire restricted compound when we return.” He sighed. “Just don’t be telling them that she’s fine. Without compromising her privacy too badly, I will tell you that she’s still having some problems. She is far from ready to rejoin our little society.”
Carla and I looked at each other, and I saw that she felt the same possibly premature joy that I did.
Thank you, Dark Lady. Please guide her the rest of the way home.
“As for General Anton,” Therese added, “After we captured him and had a heart-to-heart chat, we wanted to return him, but his organization had more than one hideout that we knew of. So we decided to share the love, and spread him around. Renee, I’ve been meaning to tell you—I’m so sorry about your cousin Wilbur. He fought like a demon from hell, out there. It could just as easily have been me.”
Yet they had charged those lights, those bolt throwers, without hesitation. Whereas I had been too afraid to go downstairs and check on Marya. Even with my huge advantage of being able to jump out of danger. That was part of the reason I was eager for the chance to pit myself against the enemy. I wanted to prove, if only to myself, that I could do better than that.
—
Once we landed, we were led over to a white van. It had words painted on the side, so stylized I could barely read them. Something about heating and cooling. Carla and I had taken a nap in the plane, but I didn’t feel like I’d had nearly enough sleep.
The van was tall enough to stand up in, and had only four seats. Sarah drove, and insisted that Carla and I take two of the bucket seats, so I rode up front with her. As the sun began to rise, it became evident that we were heading almost due east. Sarah reached into her bag and pulled out a pair of wrap-around sunglasses and a baseball cap.
“I can drive,” Carla offered. 
Sarah shook her head. “I’m fine.”
I heard purposeful movement behind me, and turned to look. Therese had curled up in the very back of the van, and Vincent covered her with a heavy tarp, then crawled underneath it. I groggily wished I could join them. Kiernan sat in the fourth seat, gazing out the window as if unbothered by the light.
I woke from an uneasy doze when we slowed down. We cruised through an empty downtown, only a few blocks long, then pulled into a side street. “Sunday,” Sarah explained. “There actually are people who live here. It will pick up in the afternoon.” 
We stopped in a dismal lot behind a row of brick storefronts. Sarah got out of the van. “Come on, Renee. The rest of you can stay here if you want.”
She unlocked a door, which led to a claustrophobic hallway lined with dark paneling. Additional doors led into unlit rooms on either side. Up ahead was an open area, filled with soft natural light. And furniture. Couches and chairs, ornate old tables that reminded me of home, newer tables that looked cheaper and less sturdy. 
Huge windows at the front were obscured with swirls of soap, and painted with words that were hard to read because they were backwards. Ferd’s Unique Used Furnishings. Was that supposed to be Fred? No, definitely Ferd. Also Clearance, and Everything Must Go! Evidently, everything had not.
“This will be your bolt hole. Assuming you’re still able to teleport, this far from home. Take a moment and get the place fixed in your mind.”
I looked around the room. There was a particularly memorable item, a dark wooden bench with cupboards on one side and mirrors behind it, along with coat hooks. It looked to be all one piece, and resembled the built-in cabinetry in the grand foyer at the house. To get a closer look, instead of walking over there, I did a short jump. Often, this was harder for me than a longer one. Like picking up a single grain of sand. “Still appears to be working.” 
It was different, though. Like I was coming at everything from another angle. I tried focusing on the statue back at the Chapel Hall. This time, I felt as if I were looking at the earth from space. I swayed a bit, and Sarah was at my side, crossing the room almost as fast as I had. 
“I’m okay. Just tired.”
Carla had come in behind us. “Is this where we’re staying?” She didn’t sound any more alert than I felt.
“No. We can get back in the van, now.”
As I climbed in, I glanced at that motionless mound in the back, wondering if the two of them had fallen into that deep, deathlike trance I’d heard the Télèt normally succumbed to during the day. Already belted in, Carla reached for her bag, but it was too far away. “Lord—Stephan, could you push that over here, please?” 
Sarah laughed. “Lord Stephan. I like it. Has a southern ring to it. Respectful, yet informal.”
As we left town and Sarah accelerated onto the open highway, I turned around and looked at him. “Stephan.”
“Yes?”
My mind went blank. What, if anything, had I meant to say to him? “Just practicing.” 
20
At Carla’s request, Sarah stopped at a convenience store so we could get coffee. “Don’t overdo it, though. Especially you, Renee. You’ll need to be alert tonight. Try and get some sleep. I think you’ll find our safe house conducive to that.”
Between the coffee and the clear morning light, I felt more awake by the time we got there. I was disappointed by the terrain. No magnificent wind-sculpted rock formations like I’d seen in National Geographic. Closer to the airport, there had at least been the occasional cactus. We pulled into a dirt parking lot in front of a dilapidated building with a sign that read Morris Precision Auto. It looked deserted. A high chain-link fence enclosed the back of the property.
Sarah tapped the horn. A large dog ran up to the fence, barking ferociously. A line of saliva ran from the side of its mouth. The door of the building opened, and a man came out, squinting at us. His face had a windburned look and his hands were dark with dirt or grease. He wore a shirt with thin blue stripes and an embroidered name tag that said Bill.
Carla leaned forward for a better look, frowning. “Who’s he?”
“He’s family.” Sarah rolled down the window. 
The man walked over and rested his crossed arms there. “Hey, pretty lady. Going to give me a little kiss?”
“Later, I promise. We’re about ready to call it a day.”
“Sure thing.” He walked slowly back to the auto shop and disappeared inside. Then he reappeared on the other side of the fence. A gate rumbled open, while he held the dog by its collar.
Sarah pulled through and stopped again. “Thanks, Bill. We have—” The dog suddenly lunged at the van, barking again.
“Sit, Matilda!” Bill still had hold of her collar. “She’s not used to you.”
“Yes. We’ve got two on the day side, as planned, so—”
Matilda didn’t like the sound of that. Along with the barking, I could hear her front claws scrabbling at the metal door of the van.
Vincent, awake after all, dove forward and leaned across Sarah to get up close to the open window. “You’d best get that animal under control.” The menace in his voice made me wish I were sitting farther away from him. The dog let out a low whine and a single, half-hearted yap.
“Sit down, Vincent.” Sarah shoved him hard, and I thought he was going to end up in my lap. Probably not what she had in mind when she told him to have a seat. Fortunately, he caught his balance and retreated.
Bill stuck his head in the window of the van, turning to call after Vincent. “Matilda here is part of your daytime security team, sir.”
“Please excuse him.” Sarah gave Bill’s shoulder a brief squeeze, her fingers pale in the bright sunlight. “It’s past his bedtime, and he gets cranky. We appreciate you and Matilda being here for us.” 
By way of response, Bill smacked the side of the van with one hand. Still holding his dog by the collar, he went inside a Quonset hut behind the auto shop. An overhead door began to open, ponderously, at the front of the metal building. Once it was high enough, Sarah drove in, and the door reversed its course. Bill ducked outside while it was closing, bringing Matilda with him.
We found ourselves in a cavernous, dimly lit room, lined with spray foam insulation that had been painted gray, giving it the appearance of rough stone. On one side of us was a row of doors, and on the other, a collection of living room furniture, elegant leather couches and a big TV. The arrangement looked incongruous, as if it had been transplanted there from a large and expensive house. “Here we are,” Sarah said. “Make yourselves at home.”
The doors led to several bedrooms, windowless, but otherwise appealing. There was a shared bathroom and a small kitchen. By the time we got settled in, the Télèt were gone. 
I spent a few minutes exploring our new environment. The back wall of the building was unpainted cinderblock, interrupted by a metal door. I walked over and tried the handle. Locked. “Is that where they're sleeping?”
“Maybe. You don't ask. Not even if they've put their mark on you. Sometimes they tell you anyway, but I'd rather they didn't. You can't be forced to divulge what you don't know.”
There was only one window in the safe house, a small one up front, in the kitchenette. It was covered with a heavy metal grille. Through it, I saw vehicles with missing parts packed together in the harsh sun, with a bare dirt corridor winding between them. I didn't see Matilda, but I felt sure she was out there somewhere.
The Quonset hut was oppressively quiet, now that it was just me and Carla. I leaned against the kitchen table. “I don't know about you, but I'm not ready to go to sleep yet.”
“We could see what's on TV.”
“I want to get out of here. What about if we go back to Ferd's? You know, the used furniture place. It would give me a chance to practice bringing us there.”
“Sure. Just a minute.” She came back wearing her pistol, which looked odd with the khaki pants and turtleneck instead of her Dawn Patrol uniform. We cupped each other’s elbows as if we were about to dance, and I stepped us through space to Ferd’s. Once again I felt as if I were coming at it from an unexpected angle. Along with the strong impulse to aim for a more familiar target. The transporter room, the Chapel Hall, the grand foyer.
I walked over to the piece of furniture I’d used as a focal point. “What is this thing, anyway?”
“My mother would have called it a hall tree. It's a curious old thing, isn't it.”
I opened the tall cupboard on one side of the bench seat. I could have fit inside, though not comfortably. I shut my eyes, and pictured the hall tree in its entirety. Big, dark, and curious, yes. Unique, as promised by the signage painted on that obscured front window. I imagined putting the Keep, the house, the entire Kisco area into storage within it. Leaving more room in my mind for the Quonset hut, the furniture store. Those were all that mattered for the time being.
I opened my eyes. “Let me draw you.” There were people whose faces demanded that of me. Carla's wasn't one of them. Not beautiful, or ugly, or particularly unique. Soft features. But she was there with me.
We sat near the window, in a pair of hideous but comfortable chairs. When I handed her the finished drawing for inspection, she flipped back a page, looking at one I'd done of Therese, and her lips curved gently. “Can you do one with the two of us together, on the same page?”
“It would work better if you'd both sit for me sometime. When we get back.” If I was lucky, I’d catch her with that same tender expression on her face.
She turned another page, and her smile died. “Ah, yes, the charming Vincent.”
I walked around behind her so I could look over her shoulder. Vincent had his arm draped across Therese's chest, both of them looking relaxed and happy.
“Does it bother you for her to act that way with him?” Physical affection between the Télèt was commonplace. I'd seen Moreau behave the same with Kiernan, and more recently, with Sarah. It didn't matter to Frederic. Not that he’s in any position to get jealous.
“Not for the reasons you might think. With vampires who aren't close relatives, which they're not, they can form a bond very much like family. Normally, I’d have no problem with that. But I know what she wants. She's talked about it, about applying to join the Kon Dahr. It's dangerous work, and a lot of their own kind hate them. People who've lost a protégé, or who are afraid they might be a target. And I'd hardly ever get to see her.”
I sat back down and drew the hall tree, not glancing over at it, seeing how close I could get from memory. After a while, Carla said, “This is just between us, but would you believe, Therese asked me if I would want to share my blood with him. Vincent. She pitched it like she was offering me some great opportunity to take a walk on the wild side, an exciting evening with an attractive stranger. Kept going on about how handsome he is. I'm not sure what difference that's supposed to make. I told her to forget about it. I was actually kind of insulted. I'm not some party favor she can pass around.”
I could think of nothing to say in response. I kept working on my drawing.
“Speaking of Vincent, we all caught that moment of drama when Kiernan warned him off you. Do you think Lord Stephan has his eye on you, or was he just being chivalrous?” Her eyes were bright with curiosity.
“Probably just looking out for me, the way Moreau usually does.” I stood up. “There must be a bathroom in the back.”
Sure enough, I saw the unmistakable glint of white porcelain through one of the doorways. The light switch worked, although the fluorescent set into the ceiling had an unhealthy flicker. I shut the door and leaned against it. Probably.
Stephan. I imagined what it would feel like if he touched me the way Bernard had. Closing my eyes, I trailed the tips of my fingers down the side of my neck. According to the Télene, the Télèt were more than happy to taste the blood of anyone willing to offer it. Was there some way to drop a hint? I could ask Lena. But I wasn’t sure I’d have the nerve to follow any suggestions she made. Maybe Moreau could help me out. Hey, Stephan, want to bite my student? 
I turned on the tap, which sputtered, then ran smooth and clear. Splashed cold water on my face, then drank from my cupped hands, and dried vigorously with a paper towel.
Returning to the front of the store, I found Carla slouched deeply into her chair. She looked up and said, “Let’s head back. We can put together a pretty good lunch from what I saw in that refrigerator. Then we should try and get some sleep.”
—
The Quonset hut had seemed a dreary place to spend the day awake; however, Sarah was right, it was perfect for sleeping. When I closed the door, it was dark and quiet as a tomb in my little bedroom. I didn’t wake up until I heard voices coming from the main part of the building.
“So tonight may just be reconnaissance, or it may be showtime. We’ll see how it goes.” Sarah was sitting on the back of one of the couches, leaning against the wall. “We’re not going to rush into anything. We have all the time we need. Renee, here’s your outfit.”
She got up and handed me a bundle of black clothing, matching what the rest of them were wearing, with the exception of Carla. 
“Do I have time for a shower?”
“Sure. Grab something to eat, too. We won’t be getting started until later. Our primary target needs enough time to drift off to slumberland. Although we do have some last-minute items to go over.”
I shoved the black clothes into my bag and brought it all into the bathroom with me, very aware of the assortment of people who would see me walk out. I had no wish to traipse past all of them wearing a towel. Once I was clean, I pulled on the pants and turtleneck, which were made of a stretchy material. There was a ski mask made from the same stuff. I wiped the steam from the mirror and put it on.
I looked like a ninja. Or possibly a bank robber. I started laughing uncontrollably, biting my knuckles in an effort to stifle it, running the water in the sink to drown it out. The mask didn’t have a hole for breathing, but rather a round circle of thinner material, which resembled a cartoon drawing of a mouth open wide with surprise. This made me laugh all the harder.
I took off the mask, and fluffed at my hair, which looked flat and greasy. I hadn’t taken the time to wash it. Looking for a place to put the mask, I found the pants had deep hip pockets with plastic zippers. I stuffed it in one of those, although it spoiled the silhouette of the outfit. Back in the kitchenette, I scarfed down a couple of sandwiches and rejoined the briefing.
“Renee. Perfect timing. Let’s go over your part. I can’t emphasize this enough. Once you’re on the target property, if anything goes south, you get out. If any alarms go off, if any lights come on, if any member of the team tells you to get out, you come right back here. In fact, if you hear any voices above a whisper, or anything alarms you in any way.”
“It’s not just for your safety,” Therese added. “If you hang around and try to help when you should be gone, you put us all in danger. One of us could be killed trying to protect you.”
Sarah nodded. “Your primary goal is to get the team in there. If everything goes smoothly, your secondary role will be to bring Stephan, and the target, back here. Stephan, you’re primary on that extraction. If Renee can’t get you out, we go to plan two. Therese, you help Stephan secure the target while Vince and I clear the rest of the bedrooms, then join us when we take the roof. Any questions?”
There were none. Not surprising. We’d been through all this over and over, and in much more detail.
“All right. One last prep item. We need to verify that Renee’s range extends from here to the enemy compound. I’m not really worried, but we promised Leo, and there’s no harm in checking. We’ve got some time before our window of operations. Stephan.” She tossed him a set of keys.
“Is that dog still out there?” Carla asked, as the overhead door began to rumble upward.
“In her pen. Bill knows we’ll be in and out of here tonight.”
I got in the van, and Stephan let it roll slowly out into the dirt, giving Sarah time to open the gate. Stephan. Somehow, thinking of him that way changed things. But I didn’t need to think about that now.
We drove for fifteen minutes, neither of us saying anything, coming to rest in a large parking lot. Stephan parked the van near the road, and said, “We went the long way around. The enemy compound is between us and the safe house.”
“All right, let’s try it.” I climbed in the back, and held my arms out. I felt very self-conscious. Why couldn’t Sarah have sent Therese? When Stephan took hold of me, I forgot what I was supposed to be doing. I was too aware of his touch, through that thin fabric, his thumb resting on the sensitive skin on the inside of my elbow. Which was one of the other popular places for them to bite someone. I knew that from listening to the Télene.
I focused on controlling my breathing, thinking about my Dawn Patrol training to take my mind off his hands on my arms. Remembering Mark Colby yanking me around by a heavy canvas jacket, encouraging me to sweep at his ankles, solid as the trunks of young trees, with my bare feet. And at the same time, telling me to breathe.
I closed my eyes and jumped. It was easier than it had been earlier in the day, maybe because of that long nap. I had a split-second of disorientation before I opened them, thinking I’d brought us somewhere unexpected. It was the Quonset hut, right where we were supposed to be. Sarah glanced in our direction and nodded once. Everyone else ignored us.
“Good. Take us back to the van.”
I jumped again, and saw from the inconstant illumination of passing headlights that we’d ended up where I’d meant us to. I didn’t let go right away. There was something about standing there with Stephan like that, his face lit sporadically by the cars going by. It made me feel hot and cold all over.
“Renee. Please stop trying to entice me. You’ll probably succeed, and this is hardly the time or the place.”
If I’d imagined him saying anything like that to me, I would have expected to be mortified. To want nothing more than to sink into the core of the earth and be consumed by molten rock. But he was so matter-of-fact in the way he said it, like the way Carla had asked him to push her bag over so she could reach it. Except there was something more in his voice, underneath that. And he hadn’t let go of my arms.
“Okay,” I said, and almost added, sorry. But I didn’t. I let my hands drop away from his elbows, but he didn’t release mine right away. When he did, he trailed both thumbs down the length of my forearms before stepping away.
“Believe me, if you want to discuss this further when we get back home, I promise you that we will.” It was hard to be certain in that flickering light, but I was fairly sure I saw a glimmer of fang protruding past his upper lip. 
Then his tone changed completely, like flipping a switch. “Come on, let’s head back.” He slipped into the driver’s seat. I climbed up front and looked over at him, able to see better now that we were up front. He glanced back with that enquiring expression I’d seen so many times, and it was like that other conversation had never taken place. 
I didn’t think Stephan had been faking that earlier reaction, but I wondered if he might have exaggerated it. Or perhaps revealed something he could just as easily have hidden. Because of the way he’d turned it off, changing in the length of a heartbeat from giving an impression of I can barely restrain myself to enough of that, back to business.
I decided if he could do that, I could, too. I opened the cabinet door of my imaginary hall tree, pushing those thoughts and feelings in there, with all the other things that belonged back home.
21
About a mile short of the Antonite compound, Sarah turned the van down a long, gravel drive. I could see a rusty chain stretched across the end of it before she cut the headlights. “Still visible from the road, if anyone looks closely enough, but I don’t think we’ll attract any attention.”
In the back, Vincent had turned on a small electric lantern, no brighter than a night-light but still welcome to me. Sarah and I climbed back there with the others, and Vince dabbed around her eyes with a sponge, darkening her skin. It made her look like a raccoon until she pulled on her mask, then she all but vanished. He gave Stephan the same treatment, then looked at Therese. “Does she need—”
“Yes, Vince, everyone. Reflections.” He used the sponge on Therese, then looked at me and handed it, along with a little jar, to Sarah. “Close your eyes, Renee.” 
Once she was done, I pulled on my mask. I had to remind myself that I could breathe just fine. It felt claustrophobic in a way it had not when I’d tried it on in the bathroom.
Vincent turned off the lantern, plunging the back of the van into nearly total darkness. Hands guided me to the front, where I climbed past the seat by feel and out the side door. It was a little better outside, in terms of light, but not much.
Whoever was last out the door closed it softly. My heart was slamming against my ribcage and I was struggling to control my breathing. This is it.
“Okay,” Sarah said to me. “Horsey-back time.”
“I have legs.” We’d had this discussion already. I wasn’t sure why I was balking.
“Listen to me.” She bent close, a shadow in the darkness. “Physically, you’re the weak link here. You remembering that can help keep all of us alive. You’re slow, and you’re practically blind out here. But you can do this thing that none of us can. We need to get you into position to do it. Now, get on my back.” 
She dropped into a crouch and I wrapped my legs around her waist, feeling them supported by her arms as she stood up. “Good. I don’t care if you put a choke hold on my neck, just don’t cover my eyes. Remember, if there’s a car, I’m going face down in the dirt. All you need to do is turn your head away from the road.” 
There was a narrow band of trees to get past. I put my face down as the Télèt worked their way, almost silently, through the underbrush. Then a big open field, and Sarah was running. They all were, but I could barely see the others. We were moving between two rows of some bushy crop, and traffic was sparse enough that they only had to drop down twice. I’d felt humiliated by the part of the plan that called for me to be carried, but I could never have hoped to keep up with them.
We stopped at the second line of trees, still several hundred feet from the Antonite compound. “See that brighter area about halfway along the length of the building.” Sarah put the telescope in my hand and closed my fingers around it. “Here.”
I looked through the scope, supporting it with one hand while I brought it into focus with the other. I was able to zero in on the brightness fairly quickly, given its contrast with the surrounding terrain. “I have it. I see the picnic table.”
“Good. Take as long as you need to.”
It was just like the photographs, and the diagrams we'd seen. The concrete patio was set into the angle formed where an addition had been joined to the original house. It was sheltered beneath the roof, impossible to see from the open area above.
“I'm ready.”
“Okay. Hands.” I held them up with my fingers spread slightly apart, as we'd practiced. Sarah pulled black latex gloves over them. I knew the others were putting theirs on as well. Then, they huddled together tight, arms wrapped around one another.
We'd discussed having me bring them over two at a time. That was less effort for me, but I would have to do it twice, increasing the time for that part of the operation. After much practice and deliberation, Sarah had decided on the all-at-once method.
I threw my arms around the group, grabbing a shoulder with one hand and the back of someone's shirt with the other, not having any idea who was where. Nor did it matter. They were cargo at this point. The wide part of a skeleton key, that was the image that helped me. I was the narrow part on the outside, the part that made it work.
There was some resistance, like pushing a heavy object, but one within my power to move. The image of a pendulum came to my mind, one with its fulcrum high above the earth. I felt dizzy and was glad of the solid mass of flesh and bone I was clinging to, the four of them like the trunk of some great tree. Then, once again, a change in the light.
I opened my eyes, adjusting to the sudden brightness, and saw the patio door that had been at too acute an angle to see it from our previous vantage point. The curtain was closed, as we'd expected.
No alarm went off as we separated. No additional lights. I reminded myself fiercely that if anything like that happened, anything at all, I would go back immediately. Leaving them all behind.
“Feet,” Sarah whispered. I lifted them one at a time, so she could pull the shoe covers over my Reebok high-tops. One by one, the Télèt slipped through the closed glass door and the curtain behind it. I braced myself as I saw a gloved hand pull open the drape, already picturing the leather couches in the Quonset hut. But still no alarm. Now that I could see, I was able to step into the room with the others.
It was a big room, paneled with gray imitation wood. Couches, an entertainment center, a pool table. And a scarecrow of some kind fastened to one wall, a big, goofy smile painted on its face, held up by thin wooden spikes through the hands like a crucifixion. A third spike had been driven through its chest and into the wall, near a paper name tag. In cheerful green, the tag said, Hi, My name is; below this, someone had written Kiernan with a thick, black marker. Other than this surrealistic touch, it looked like an ordinary family room.
“Mask.” I took it off and gave it to Sarah, who took out a moistened towelette and cleaned around my eyes. The idea being that I was a young, helpless-looking female, and someone might hesitate a split-second before shooting me. Time enough for me to vanish. Or they might not. They must know vampires can look all sorts of different ways. There had been discussion of having me leave as soon as I'd gotten the team into the compound, but we also wanted to maximize the chances of getting our primary target off the property.
I stood waiting for a subjective eternity, while the clock on the wall ticked off five interminable minutes. Watching for Stephan, holding the image of the Quonset hut in my mind. I could see Carla, sitting on one of the couches facing the television. 
The silence was broken by two quick pops, muffled gunfire, followed by louder, sharper cracks, and a man shouting. I couldn't make out the words. I started to move away, to the safety of the Quonset hut, my attention still focused on the room I was about to leave. 
A masked figure ran toward me. One of ours, dragging a taller man who was bent over and stumbling, holding him with one arm around his neck and the other hand over his mouth. I was standing in a doorway, only partially present in the room. I reversed the half-step I’d taken.
The prisoner was released and shoved into my arms, and might have knocked me over if his captor hadn't brought him up short before wrapping his arms around both of us, pulling us close together. “Go!” Stephan's voice, not bothering to whisper, now. More gunshots. I stepped.
Carla sprang to her feet. “You got him! That is him, isn't it?”
“Oh, yes.” Stephan pulled his prisoner away from me, and I was glad. He stank. The stench of fear, Moreau had called it. Stephan marched him over to one of the couches, turned him around and threw him violently back toward it. His hands were bound, but the luxurious padding caught him and cushioned his landing. “Carla, go over and stand with Renee, please.”
“Was everything going all right when you left?” I knew she was thinking of Therese.
“Like clockwork.”
I thought of the gunfire, the shouts. But I hadn't heard any bolt throwers, so there was that.
Carla walked past me into the kitchen, and I heard her speaking on the phone. “We have him. Yes, okay. We'll see you soon.” She rejoined us, and told Stephan, “On her way.”
Stephan took off his mask and used it to wipe at his face, but much of the makeup remained, making him look as if he were ready to play a ghost or some other revenant in a theater production. Warren Anton, our prisoner, looked around the room in confusion, his mouth open. It was the first time I'd jumped with someone who had no idea what to expect. I knew he was thirty-two, but he'd looked older than that in most of the photos we'd seen. Now he looked younger. He was wearing a white t-shirt and shorts, probably underwear. His hairy white legs had the look of something that did not normally see the light of day.
“What is this place? Who are you people? What do you want from me?” Although surely he must have known who he was dealing with, in general, if not in particular.
“Shut up, Warren. And don't soil the furniture, there's a good lad.”
He focused on Stephan. “You know my name. Who are you?”
Stephan favored him with a wide and remarkably unpleasant grin. He wasn't showing any extra teeth, but most of his regular ones were on display. “I do feel we know each other, Warren, although we've never actually met. I'm Stephan Kiernan.”
Anton's reaction wasn't dramatic. He closed his eyes. His posture only changed a little, but at the same time, it was like all the life went out of him. I had never thought to wonder what utter defeat looked like, but I was seeing it now. I felt bad for him. Then I thought about Wilbur. And Marya. The feeling left me, like dirty bathwater draining down into the sewer.
“I've got some people on the way who want to meet you,” Stephan continued. “We're going to have a party, and you're the guest of honor.”
That got Anton’s attention. He glanced at Stephan, then looked away. Probably thinks he’ll be providing the refreshments for the event. That wasn't his place in the scheme of things at all, but neither was it my role to inform him of that.
The next ones to arrive were Sarah and Therese. I hadn't realized Carla was holding onto so much tension until I saw it run out of her.
“Vince shouldn’t be far behind us.” Sarah walked over to where Anton was sitting. “Let's get him in the room.” 
The two Télèt women each took one of Anton's arms and began walking him toward the metal door at the back of the building. He looked at Sarah, a full head shorter than he was, and began to struggle, trying to pull his hands apart. 
She responded by pulling out a knife. He froze in place; she cut the restraint from between his wrists, freeing them. “Shh, Warren, you'll hurt yourself. We don't want any blemishes on that pretty white skin of yours, do we? I know you're hoping, but, alas.”
“A few ligature marks,” Therese commented, “that'll just look like he's been having some rough fun.”
“Nothing but boys in that house.”
“Makes the narrative all the juicier.”
Stephan walked past them to open the door, and held it for the three of them. Anton had stopped fighting. After they went through, he closed it again.
“I almost thought Warren and I had missed our ride out of there,” he told me. “When we came into that room where you were waiting, I could see right through you.”
“I think I had one foot in each place, figuratively anyway. Carla, did you see me flicker into the room, and then go away again?”
“Sorry, I was watching TV.” She collapsed onto one of the couches. Not the one where Anton had been sitting.
The door opened and Vincent came in, walked over to Stephan and slapped him on the chest, leaving the name tag stuck to him. Stephan looked down at it for a moment, as if deciding whether to take offense, then shook his head and laughed.
Vincent walked over to the seating area and threw a folded pair of jeans down on a table. It sounded heavy when it landed. “As we thought, no security cameras. But I wanted to be very sure, because something like that would fuck this operation to the moon.”
“You got hit,” Stephan said. “You all right?”
Vincent stuck one finger into a hole in the front of his turtleneck. “Fine. They still think those little wooden hybrid forty-fives will stop us.”
“It's not impossible to kill a vampire with one of those. A shot to the brain through an eye socket, or directly into the heart. The sternum makes that one a little tricky. But I'm sure you've seen that film clip that was captured from one of their groups.”
“They do love their home movies. Their victim was asleep in that one, in most of them, for that matter. It's possible to kill a normal human with a BB gun, but I wouldn't hand one to a warmblooded friend and tell them to use it against burglars.” He glanced toward the back of the building. “Is she here yet?”
“No,” Carla said. “They said half an hour when I called. I didn't make a note of the time. But it shouldn't be much longer.” Vincent nodded and headed for the metal door.
When we heard another vehicle pull up outside, Stephan opened the door and stood waiting beside it while we heard an engine die, and car doors closing. Carla walked up and joined him, so I followed.
The first woman who walked into the room was one of the largest human beings I had ever seen. A second one came in and stood beside her, looking like a child in comparison. But she had the proportions of an adult, although she was even shorter than I was. 
Stephan walked up to the smaller of the two and bowed his head deeply, looking at the floor. “My Lady Hespeth. Welcome. You honor us with your presence.”
She reached out and took him by the chin, raising his head, and rose up on the balls of her feet to kiss him on the lips. “Stíofán. Good to see you.”
Stephan looked over at the larger lady, and inclined his head politely. “Melinda. I hope you are well.”
“I am, Lord Kiernan.” 
“Allow me to present two of the members of our group, Renee and Carla.” He turned and waved a hand as he spoke to indicate which of us was which. 
Lady Hespeth walked over to me and held out her hand, which I was not expecting. Her grip was firm, dry, and cold. “The teleporter! Well met.” The skin on her face had an odd visual texture, like fine sandpaper, but her smile made her seem like any ordinary person you might meet in your travels, with one front tooth that was slightly crooked. After shaking Carla's hand as well, she looked at Stephan. “And where is our friend?”
“Come with me.” They headed for the back. Melinda didn’t join them. I watched Hespeth walk across the room, so graceful that it was hard to believe her feet were touching the floor. She was wearing a sleeveless blue shift and was barefoot. When she'd offered her hand, I had noticed her nails were painted with glittery blue polish such as a young girl might wear. I hadn't seen whether she had it on her toenails.
“So now we wait.” Carla went over and sat on one of the couches. “Do you have an idea how long it's likely to be?” Melinda shook her head. She took a seat, opened a big shopping bag, and pulled out a knitting project.
Based on who'd been invited to the party in the back and who had not, I thought it was a safe bet to ask her, “Can I get you a cup of coffee?”
“Yes, please. Black. Teleporter, are you?”
“Pretty much.”
“Let's see.”
I figured I might as well combine it with the trip to the kitchen. “Any for you, Carla?”
“No, thanks.”
I reappeared in front of where Melinda was sitting, and held out her cup. She took it, looked at mine, and asked, “Is there any actual coffee in that?”
I sat down, choosing a seat where I wasn't directly facing the TV. It was on, but the volume was muted. Melinda had an interesting face, strong and solid. I could picture her sitting there with her needles, unperturbed, while a hurricane raged around her. “I like it this way. Do you mind if I draw you?”
“I'd rather you didn't.”
“Okay. I'll draw Lady Hespeth from memory instead, then. Unless you think she wouldn’t want me to?”
“No, she has a vain streak. Go right ahead.”
I'd only gotten a brief look at her, but Hespeth had made a vivid impression on me. I drew her smiling, focusing on her face and ending at the squarish neckline of her dress. She would have to be okay with the tooth, I wasn't fixing that. It was part of her appeal. 
I may not have the exact proportions of her features right. Maybe I’m making her nose too wide, or too narrow. But it’s close, and she’s beautiful. I shaded until my fingers grew numb, making it bold and dramatic.
I was trying to impress Melinda. I couldn’t have said why. Some people had that effect on me. I didn’t always respond well to peremptory calls to display my unusual ability, like some trained circus animal. I’d done so at her request, or demand, without hesitation or resentment.
“Here. What do you think?”
She studied the drawing at length, holding it up to the light. Then she looked at me, her gaze carrying the force of her personality. “Renee, she would love to have this.”
“Of course.” I tore it off the pad and handed it to her.
She gave it back. “You have to sign it.”
I did, feeling unreasonably flattered. It was a good drawing, one of the best I’d done. I felt a pang at parting with it, particularly without being able to show it to Moreau. But the pleasure of giving it was greater.
Melinda walked over and placed it carefully in a cupboard below the TV. “I don’t want it to get wrinkled. I’ll come back and get it during the day, and once I have it framed, I’ll present it to her as your gift.” She rummaged around in her knitting bag, pulling out a colorful bundle, then rejected it and tried another. She found the one she was looking for and handed it to me. “Here. Our gift to you.”
I unfolded it. It was a long vest, of many colors, but not chaotic. Squares of different knitted textures, with varying kinds of yarn, had been stitched together to form a patchwork effect, which reminded me of the forest floor in autumn. It must have taken many hours, and was as much a work of art as anything in Moreau’s Gallery.
“Thank you. It’s beautiful.”
“I made it for Hespeth, but she never wears it. Try it on. I want to see you in it.”
So did I. I went into the bathroom, where there was a mirror, and put it on over my black turtleneck. It was long, hanging down past my knees, and turned the utilitarian compound-raiding outfit into a backdrop for displaying Melinda’s artistry. I went back into the other room and did a pirouette. The vest was an outsized exchange for a drawing that took me less than an hour to complete, but all I could do about that was to repeat, “Thank you so much! I love it.”
“Looks good on you,” Carla commented. “Anybody mind if I turn on the sound for this?” When neither of us objected, she did. Soon all of us were drawn into watching The Birds.
I thought about taking another shower. My hair needed some attention, and I had a feeling I didn’t smell much better than our prisoner. Not the stench of fear, exactly, but I’d had plenty of adrenaline pumping through my system. I could feel the dried sweat beneath the stretchy black fabric I was wearing. But I didn’t want to miss anything. It was easier to sit there, slumped on the couch in my colorful new sweater vest, watching the old Hitchcock film.
We didn’t get to see the end of it. When the metal door opened, Carla turned off the TV.
22
Warren Anton walked through the door between Stephan and Sarah, smiling pleasantly, although he’d pissed in his shorts. Vince and Therese came right behind. Melinda got up, and walked around them into the back room in search of Hespeth.
Sarah said, “Get his pants.” Vincent held the jeans out for Anton to take, but he just looked at them uncertainly. Two of them ended up lifting him while the other two worked the fabric over his legs.
“Good. Gun.”
Vince held out a black semiautomatic. “Warren. This is yours. Don’t lose it.” But he looked at it the same way he had with the jeans. Vincent wrapped Warren’s hand around the grip, pointing it off into a corner. He placed Warren’s finger on the trigger and put his own over it, pulling until there was a dry click. “All out of ammo, Warren. You used it up.”
Therese stepped forward with a spritzer bottle and aimed it at the prisoner’s chest and face as she squeezed it.
“Not too much,” Sarah cautioned. “Make sure you do the hands and arms.”
“Put the gun in your pocket, Warren. Your car keys are already in there. Your wallet, in case you want to stop and get a burger.” When the prisoner made no move to do so, Vincent shoved the weapon into a hip pocket, as far as it would go.
Sarah shook her head. “Should have grabbed a holster.”
“You didn’t say anything about that.”
“Initiative, Vince. But it’s okay. He didn’t think of that. It was a crazy situation for him, right, Warren?”
“You remember what happened, don’t you?” Vincent bent close to Warren’s face. “They were vampires, so you had to shoot them all. Lucky thing you had those wooden bullets, those were just the ticket.”
“No,” Warren said.
“Yes.” Therese. “We crept in and brought ‘em all over, lickety-split. We were hoping they’d drink every drop of your blood, but you were too quick for them.”
“You remember.” Vincent leaned even closer. “We went over all this in the back. You shot through a pillow for the first one, he didn’t even wake up, and the second one was barely awake when you came for him. Really the best time to kill vampires, when they’re taking a nap. The third one shot back at you, but he missed. You didn’t. 
“Then you went up to the roof. The two men up there were arguing about whether they’d heard something. You killed the first one before he realized you were there, then bent the other one’s fingers back until they broke. After that, he started telling you all the access codes for your security systems. You already knew those, right? But he went on and on about it, until you shot him, too, after you realized it was the only way to shut him up.”
A tear trickled down the prisoner’s face. Sarah pushed Vincent away. “You’re scaring him. It’s all right, Warren. They were vampires, so you had to kill them. It’s what you do.”
“Yes.” He looked at her gratefully. 
I was starting to feel sick to my stomach. I had known, more or less, but I hadn’t thought about that part of it. My focus had been on getting them in, and bringing the prisoner back here. In the planning meetings, we’d talked about staging the scene, about clean-up. It hadn’t been this graphic. What did I think they were going to do, give those guys a lecture and tell them not to do it anymore?
“See, Vince. You don’t need to be mean to him. Just explain it so he can understand.”
“I hope there’s a garbage bag or something he can sit on when we put him in the car.”
“Under the sink,” Carla said. “I’ll get one.”
“I have seldom had an operation go this smoothly,” Sarah told Stephan. “I should get you to come and help with the planning for the next one. Sure you don’t want to join the Kon Dahr?” Therese straightened her shoulders, as if hoping to be noticed.
“So this is it.” Stephan cupped Sarah’s cheek with one hand. “You’re going to take him to where you left his car, now.” She nodded. “I’m not sure we’ll be here when you get back. Vince, can you call flight operations for us, and find out when they can have that plane back in the air?”
I heard Vincent talking, in the kitchen, as Stephan and Sarah embraced. It got personal enough that I looked away. They broke it off when Vincent came back into the room and announced, “They said they can be ready by the time you get to the airport.”
Vincent walked over to Therese and they shared a kiss, although not so prolonged or passionate as the other two. “A very great pleasure working with you,” he said. “Oh, I almost forgot. Carla.” He tossed her something small, which she caught and examined. I saw gleaming metal and dark wood. “I saved an extra round. I thought Mr. Anton ought to be given a chance to finish the job if he wanted to, but I was overruled.”
Carla stuffed it into her pocket. Meanwhile, Sarah walked up to me with her arms held wide. For a moment I thought she meant to kiss me. I would have let her, but I would have been horribly embarrassed. “And you. Give me a hug.” We wrapped our arms around each other. She looked so willowy, but felt solid. For a moment, I was back in that field near the Antonite compound, letting her carry me as she ran through the darkness. Then she held me out at arm’s length. “I have a feeling I’ll be seeing you before long.”
“Everyone in my group, get your things,” Stephan told us. “Let’s head for home. We may get there before sunrise if we don’t waste any time.” So much for that shower. I did take a moment to change into a clean t-shirt. I was sick of the turtleneck. It had started to feel as if it were constricting my blood and my breath. 
It was just the four of us now, on the flight back. Stephan and Therese stayed up front, in case Carla and I wanted to sleep, but I didn’t feel tired. I sat on my couch and drew, but it was different than usual. No faces, real or imaginary. I kept drawing triangles, and pendulums, connected by dark lines. 
When I’d used my jumping ability in Arizona, there was something odd, and I was trying to get a handle on it. There were times when I was surprised to land where I’d intended to. Part of me was sure I would end up somewhere far away and exceedingly strange. Someplace where they didn’t breathe oxygen, perhaps, or where things were not composed of atoms and molecules.
I let my eyes go out of focus, picturing that jump to the Antonite compound with my four passengers. More weight than usual, and there had been the fear of failure. Everyone was counting on me. But more than that, there had been the pendulum. 
The pendulum, and the pyramid. I was vaguely aware of Carla getting up to go to the front of the plane. In my mind, I held the image of that courtyard. That was one corner. Then the main room of the Quonset hut. The grand foyer at the house. The Chapel Hall. Four corners of a pyramid, long and narrow, and me at its apex, miles above the ground. I felt dizzy, on the verge of doing something unimaginable.
I snapped out of it when Stephan joined me in the back of the plane, taking a seat on the other couch. He met my eyes and shrugged. From up front, I could hear noises, which I’d tuned out while I was working. A faint moan, the rustling of fabric. Maybe Carla is offering Therese something that Vincent Sutton of the Kon Shandahr cannot.
I could feel my face heating up. I started shading in the triangles, no longer thinking about the strange geometries of teleportation. I wondered if Stephan were still looking at me, but didn’t want to glance up and find out. Not without a change of topic. I thought of one.
“What exactly did she do to him, anyway?”
“I don’t completely understand it myself. There’s a process to breaking a person down. It normally takes longer. I set it in motion when I took Anton from his bed. Then we transported him in a way he couldn’t understand. When I told him my name, that seemed to hit him like a blow. And I don’t think he was very strong to begin with. But what the Lady Hespeth was able to do, if I understood that, I wouldn’t have needed to call on her. I could have done it myself.”
He was silent for a time. I continued shading my drawing, pointlessly. At least Carla and Therese had quieted down. I tried to think of something to say. 
Stephan continued, “We could have put him nicely into the frame without that part. But my hope is that it will help to discredit him with any remaining followers, and with the loose confederation of like-minded people of which he is a part. When we had him in the back, he was more than half-convinced that he’d done it. How persistent that effect is remains to be seen. But the physical evidence should be damming.”
He stood up. “You should get some rest. I’ll turn out most of these lights.”
I won’t be able to sleep. Not with you sitting right there, looking at me. I grabbed a blanket and laid down, turning away from him and pulling the covers up past my chin, hiding a smile in the darkness.
—
“Welcome home, Lord Kiernan! I hope all of you had an enjoyable trip.”
“It was entirely satisfactory, Johnathan, thank you. Vestibule level, please.” The details of our mission had been secret, in theory. Realistically, there was no telling who knew what.
We went down one story, and I headed for the bathroom just off the elevator. Stood in front of the sink, water running, imagining that the nervous energy I felt was being pulled down the drain along with it. I washed my hands, then cupped them and drank deeply, rinsed my face and dried it. With my fingertips, I tried to get my hair to stop lying so flat. It was hopeless.
When I went back out into the vestibule, Carla and Therese were gone. I looked at Stephan. He looked back and said, “It’s almost dawn. If you like, you could go to the restricted compound now, get some breakfast and a little more sleep. Or you could come downstairs with me. I’m sure you were warned about vampires trying to lure you into some secluded spot down there in the tunnels. Which is what I’m trying to do right now.” His tone and expression might not have been any different if he were offering me a cup of tea. He added, “If you’re tired from our journey, the invitation’s not likely to expire anytime soon.”
“Let’s go.” My blood was singing, calling to him. Surely he could hear it. How about if I try to entice you now?
He put his arm around my waist, and we walked deeper into the complex. As we turned down a narrow corridor, I recognized it as the way to Moreau’s apartment. It turned out he had the one across from hers. He opened the door on a central area, similar to the one where Moreau held her lessons. These rooms had been blasted and carved from the surrounding rock, so they were not large. Two doorways led from it.
“I’m sure you’ll feel like having at least a brief nap, later on. In here.” He led me to the open door of the bedroom, a vision in white that made me wonder how clean my shoes were. The carpeting, the bedding, even the furniture. It was as if there’d been a blizzard. He took my overnight bag and put it on a low white table.
“But first, let me see if I can show you one of the other rooms. This way.” He took both of my hands briefly, then released one to lead me back through the main room, which was crowded with a comfortable-looking old sofa and matching chairs. We went into the third room, smaller, set up like a microscopic studio apartment, minus the bed. “See if you can follow me in here.”
He walked through the wall. I caught a glimpse of another room beyond. Even smaller, and darkened. He’d turned on lights in each of the rooms we’d entered, but not this one.
“Come out here for a minute.” He did. “Okay, now go back in.”
I was able to see enough. I stepped, then stumbled, because the floor was higher than I expected. I felt it push me up to compensate. Not only that, it was soft and uneven. He caught me by the shoulders, and didn’t let go once I had my balance back. Instead, he stepped closer.
“I’ve always wanted to bring a gorgeous teleni girl in here with me, but up until now, it was never possible. What do you think of my little hideaway?”
I looked around, or tried to. I had an impression of walls close together, possibly some shelves behind him. “It’s dark. I can’t really see much.”
“There’s more light than you realize.” He spoke softly, close to my ear, and cupped the side of my face with one hand. His lips traced a path along my jaw, and down my neck, coming to rest on the pulse point above my collarbone. All the strength went out of my legs. I wanted to reach up and pull him closer, but it seemed like far too much trouble. 
I felt his tongue tasting my skin, coating the side of my neck with a delicious coolth, then the sharp sting as his teeth broke through. And a fire that filled my entire body, then extended outside of me. I could feel my blood trickling into his mouth, still connected. My flesh felt as if it were lit from within. I was weightless, floating. My breath stopped, but that didn’t alarm me. Whatever this was, I moved with it, not fighting the current.
Then he moved away a little, and was licking my neck again, and I realized we were lying down. Without considering that it could be taken more than one way, I burst out, “I thought I was going to die!”
He moved his face up near the side of my head, laughing softly, his breath stirring the hair at my temple. “You’ll be fine. I didn’t take much blood from you at all.” He put one arm around me and pulled me closer. “I’m going to sleep soon. I may not appear to be breathing, but I don’t want you to worry. Don’t try to wake me under any circumstances. You’re unlikely to succeed, and if you did, it could be dangerous.”
“All right.” I rested my head on his arm, looking up at the ceiling, which was illuminated by spears of light from a pattern of holes set high in the wall.
“You’ll want to rest for a while, in that other room I showed you. If you like, you can move your things in there, instead of staying in the compound. But don’t leave right away. I don’t know if you’ve ever heard this, but when you share blood with someone, it’s never a good idea to separate too soon. Because the blood needs a chance to get acclimated to its new environment, so it won’t be frightened or confused.”
“I think I’ve heard the Télene saying something along those lines.” It had sounded strange at the time, but now it didn’t. 
“The Télene, yes.” Stephan thought that was funny. I didn’t know why, but neither did I care. I liked the way it felt when he laughed, with his mouth nearly touching my cheek. Even when he stopped laughing, I could feel his breath against my skin. And then I couldn’t. He became perfectly still. I took his hand, and found it cold and unresponsive. I’d been warned, but still found it eerie.
I lay there for a while longer, then got up. In the next room, I looked up near the ceiling. Ornate molding, carved from the same stone that made up the walls, with deep shadows where holes had been worked into the design. You would not have guessed that they went deep enough to extend into a hidden room.
I went into the white bedroom, slipping off my shoes first. The adjoining bathroom was very nice, as I’d expected, similar to the one in Moreau’s place. Lined with tile, mostly rough fired clay, with glossier stripes in exquisite colors and metallic tints. A tub like a little grotto with a shower above it. I stood in front of the mirror, looking at the marks he’d left on me. Barely visible, but definitely there, if you knew what to look for.
I did want a nap. But not in that bedroom. I took a white quilt and pillow back into the hidden room, made myself a bedroll, and curled up close to Stephan to sleep.
When I woke up, I took a closer look at the hidden room. Only about five feet by eight, the floor completely covered by the mattress I was sitting on. There were shelves, holding shadowed objects that I didn’t examine with any great care. I was hungry. I covered Stephan with the snow-white quilt, leaving only his head exposed. He would probably laugh, but it made me feel good to do it.
At some point during the time I spent in the shower, I came to a decision about moving my things into that room. Rather than packing my toiletries back into my bag, I arranged them on the various shelves in the bathroom. My bathroom, now. A big improvement over the shared shower room in the compound. That wasn’t the main reason I was taking Stephan up on the invitation. I ran my hand across the side of my neck, feeling the faint irregularity where he’d bitten me. I want him to do that again.
I found that the bedroom did have a closet, an alcove carved into the wall and fitted with a wooden louvered door. Painted white, of course. Two of the shirts Sarah had given me were still clean, if somewhat wrinkled. I put one on, and a pair of jeans that I decided were good enough. I hung the other one up, along with my sweater vest, and put my dirty clothes on the floor of the closet, to deal with later.
Back in the bathroom, I looked again at the bite marks. The Télene would notice that, yes indeed, they would. Some of them covered their marks, scarves and turtlenecks being common, and there was always the high-necked Patrol uniform. It wasn’t considered improper to leave them exposed, though, and many did. One didn’t comment openly on the subject, but it was a popular topic for discreet discussion.
Nothing for it. I didn’t have any scarves, and it would be pointless to wear one anyway. People would guess why I’d suddenly adopted that style. The only turtleneck I owned was the black one; it stank, and even if it were clean I wasn’t sure if I ever wanted to wear it again. I’d almost left it in Arizona, but Carla had told me it was mine now, so I’d packed it along home.
I didn’t feel like teleporting anywhere. I walked through the stone hallways, enjoying the post-sunrise quiet of the closed doors and darkened offices. My first stop was the room I’d been sharing with Nicole. She was putting away laundry in her half of our shared dresser.
“There you are. Carla got back a while ago. You missed the first breakfast, but I think they’re still getting ready to serve the second one.”
I might as well tell her. It might change things between us. “Guess what, you can get rid of that cot and have the bed, now. Stephan invited me to move into his apartment. It’s nice, you should come see it.”
“Stephan, is it?” She shook her head and kept putting away her clothes. “News flash, I knew you’d end up joining the Télene long before you did. Although I did not see it coming that you’d pick, what did you call him the first time you saw him, ‘the head vampire.’” She was smiling a little, at least.
Have I joined the Télene? I hadn’t thought of it that way. Letting Stephan bite me might not qualify, but moving my things into that blinding monochromatic bedroom probably did.
“I’ll grab the rest of my stuff after I eat.” I looked at the bed, at the old quilt I’d brought from home, one of the ones from Grandma’s room. That would be a start, to make my new place more like a home and less like the setting for a Jack London story. “Now you get the entire dresser.”
“People are clearing out, so I could get my own room now, anyway. But Moreau is planning to reopen the gallery soon. It will be such a relief to get out of here. Does this mean you won’t be coming back with us?”
“I can’t wait to get back to our regular classes. But I don’t have to live there. It’s a short commute, for me, anyway.”
Nicole laid down on her cot. “I’ll miss having my roomie. But I guess I’ll see you in class. I already had breakfast, so I think I’ll lie down here for a while.”
I knew she’d been spending way too much time in our room. It’ll be better for her to be back at Moreau’s. I hope so, anyway.
Upstairs in the dining area, they were setting out the breakfast buffet. People smiled and waved and welcomed me, but didn’t descend on me the way they might have if I’d beaten Carla there. She was the first person to walk up to me, offering a high five. She leaned close to say, “If anyone asks, I’ve been borrowing Lord Kiernan’s line from last night. The outcome of our trip was ‘entirely satisfactory.’” 
When she pulled back to a more normal conversational distance, she had a funny look on her face. Like she’d noticed something different about me, but wasn’t going to mention it directly. It took her a moment to decide what she did want to say. “I would imagine he’s hit the sack for the day by now. Kiernan, I mean. Therese certainly did.”
Might as well feed the rumor mill the truth, otherwise it’ll run with whatever it can scrounge up. I thought about Stephan, bundled up in that quilt, and made no effort to hide the feelings that welled up in me at the image. “Oh, yes. All tucked in.”
23
I had a paperback open in front of me, but I wasn’t reading it. Abbey Keep had a library, with a mix of hardbound classics and assorted popular fiction, and I was working my way through Larry McMurtry. At the moment, though, I was using the book as a prop. A way to be alone with my thoughts in the midst of the social hubbub of the tower room.
Nicole had described the Télene as a clique; my own experience had caused me to discount this. None of them had ever been unfriendly to me, and a couple of them had shown me deep compassion and understanding when I’d needed it most. But in hindsight, they hadn’t treated me as one of their own. 
Until recently. Now, no fewer than three of them had told me I was their sister. The younger ones—Susie, Debra, Nita, and sometimes Cat—sought out my company relentlessly, and solicited my opinion when some bit of drama sprang up between them. An insensitive remark this one had made, or the load of laundry that one had left in the washer, and which the other one had helpfully thrown into the dryer. Which was how some of my favorite thrift shop shirts had become tattered around the edges, but I hadn’t felt the need to convene a tribunal about it.
Had I chosen to share my blood with Johnathan, the elevator operator, they would have welcomed me just as warmly into their company. But they might not have been so eager to nudge me into a leadership role, despite my being the newest, and second-youngest, among them. I had taken to privately calling it the Kiernan effect.
I looked across the room at him, and our eyes met. There it was, that current between us, which made the rest of it worthwhile. I turned a page, not focused on the words in front of me. I’d trained my new sisters to leave me in peace when I was drawing or reading, but I didn’t feel like doing either, and reading was less effort to fake. I was still thinking about triangles. And pyramids, and pendulums. 
Since that first night with Stephan in his hidden room, I felt a difference in myself. There had been an agitation within me that I hadn’t been aware of, noticed only in its absence, after it was replaced by a deep stillness. I was closer to seeing something, some pattern in the way I could connect one place to another. I wanted to draw it, to paint it, above all to understand it, but I couldn’t see how to begin. I always carried my sketchpad with me, in case inspiration struck.
Marya, carrying a tray of zalika and wearing a floor-length white gown with a subtle pattern of roses embroidered in white thread, was moving across the floor in my direction. She’d applied makeup and nail polish with her usual care, but instead of the bright blood-red she’d worn in her previous life, she’d switched to a darker maroon. As I watched, she took a few steps, then struck a graceful pose and froze in place, showing off. 
I got up and went over to collect a drink. Holding it up to my mouth to hide the movement of my lips, I whispered, “I love your new look.” She didn’t say anything, or even look at me, but her practiced customer-service smile widened as she moved off to continue circulating around the room.
Taking the glass of zali back to my seat, I resolved to stop trying to untangle that ball of string. It didn’t have any ends. Perhaps if I turned my mind to other things, something would come to me. I picked up the book, stepping into the Texas of an earlier era, a bit of time travel and teleportation that took no unusual abilities on my part.
“Excuse me, ma’am?” 
Since when was I ma’am to some random Nightwatch officer? I gave him my best inquisitive look. “Yes?”
“There’s someone on the main phone line for you. Do you have a cousin named Kevin?”
Not what I was expecting. I’d assumed it would be a request for my presence in meeting room two, or some similar location.
I followed him downstairs, trying to guess what this could be about. I hadn’t given my family that number. You were supposed to answer it by saying, shipping department, but some people on the day shift entertained themselves with alternatives such as Mike’s Discount Taxidermy. Luann still thought I was at Moreau’s. 
Luann. Was she all right? I’d been taking her advice to stay away, but had talked to her a few days ago. I couldn’t imagine why Kevin would be calling, instead of her. Unless she wasn’t able to. She wasn’t that old. What could have happened to her?
“Hey, Kev.”
“Renee! I called that other number, I left a message, I didn’t know what else to do. I found—”
“Kevin, slow down. Is it your mom? Is she all right?”
“She’s fine. I had to wait until everyone was asleep. I found this number in Wilbur’s old address book, it said main number—” This time he interrupted himself. I could hear him take a deep breath. “Sorry. These two men, they came to the door, and when Jim answered it, they just came in. They have guns. They were looking for Wilbur. Aunt Ada told them he was dead, but they said, ‘not as dead as he’s going to be.’ You have to warn Imogene, and, is Marya, is she…” 
“She’s doing much better.” Was I really having this conversation with my eleven-year-old cousin? “They’re not still there, are they?”
“Larson took them into the singularity. He told them, ‘you want to know where the vampires are, I’ll show you.’ I’ve been in there. I’ve never seen any vampires. I thought Larson was going to trick them, get rid of them somehow, but he never came out for dinner. Everybody’s acting like things are going to be all right, but I don’t think so.”
—
“If that teleportation device has fallen into their hands,” Leo said. We’d ended up in meeting room two, after all. “Stephan, we have to operate on that assumption. It must be the two Antonites who escaped us, and they could appear in the tower room at any time, like that woman did. Or possibly somewhere else within the Keep.”
Everybody looked at me. “It might not be the same as what I do. I can only jump someplace I’ve been before, or seen, at least.”
“We may be in pretty good shape, even if they do have it,” Stephan said. “Ada jumped to the tower room, and it’s probably no coincidence that’s where we fed her parents when they came to visit. Larson must have taken some kind of readings. We should also secure the main lobby. But there’s only two of them. Leo, do you have any information about potential reinforcements they could call on?”
“They have two more men in Illinois, with Mrs. Anton. No sign they’re headed our way. But imagine the pair of them appearing without warning in the tower room, opening fire with bolt throwers, then vanishing.” He paused to let that sink in. “We must also take the battle to them. Make sure reinforcements can’t reach them. Renee, can you give us an idea of the physical layout around that house? Any outbuildings we can use?”
I turned to a fresh page in my sketchpad and made a rough drawing. “There’s this old barn. We park the cars out there.”
Therese cleared her throat. “Preventing them from bringing in reinforcements, now, that could be a problem.”
Leo studied my drawing. “Is there another road that comes close to the house, besides the main highway?”
“Shit,” Stephan said. “It changes everything, doesn’t it. Teleportation, Leo.” 
“We need to control their phone line,” Mark said. “Cut it to start with, then run some wire to the barn and connect a handset so it won’t look like a dead line to the phone company. Plus we can intercept any incoming calls. I’ll get out there first thing tomorrow.”
“Good thought,” Leo said. “I’ll see that it gets cut tonight. Then if you can do that other part in the morning, all the better.” 
Stephan turned and looked at me. “Your family is in there with them. I’m concerned for their safety, as well. How many are living there?”
“Kevin, he’s the one who called to warn us. His mom, Luann. Jim and Ada.”
“I think we—”
“Oh, wait, I forgot! Those are the 1989 people, but there’s also Larson, the younger Ada, and Gil. That I know of.” I felt like an idiot for not remembering about them when I first answered, and I’d interrupted Leo. “Sorry.”
“Seven potential hostages,” Stephan said. “If we can get at least some of them out, the ones that aren’t in this singularity, we can bring them someplace safer. Not here. But we have other properties in the area.”
“I don’t think they’ll go.” I didn’t know how to explain our peculiar family traditions, which had only started to weaken a little before Larson’s return. “We can offer, I guess.”
“We should have an armed presence in that house,” Leo said. “Preferably with the permission of the rightful occupants. I’d like to go there tomorrow morning and speak with them. It would be best if Renee were to accompany me.” He looked at Stephan. Stephan looked at me, and I met his eyes.
“All right. Since it will be daytime, take Mark with you. Renee, same rules for you as in Arizona. These two will be armed. You won’t. Any sign of the enemy, you get out immediately.”
“Maybe we’ll get lucky,” Leo smiled, not a friendly expression at all. “They’ll be on full alert by night, but won’t be expecting anyone like me to show up at breakfast time. In the meanwhile, the areas they may be able to access should be put under guard. We need to evacuate the tower room immediately. Warmbloods out first. Stephan, if you’ll make the announcement and get them moving, I’ll organize a contingent of Nightwatch to move all the furniture out of there so we’ll have a clear field of fire.”
24
Leo, Mark and I arrived at the house the next morning to find all four of the 1989 household in the dining room, but none of the time travelers. Heads turned toward us as we walked in, and Jim rose to his feet. “I thought that door was locked!”
“I teleported in.” Past time for me to come out of the cotemporal closet with my family.
“Armed men coming in,” Luann said bitterly, “any time they feel like it. They’re with you, Renee?”
Leo stepped forward. “We are here to offer our assistance. All of you are in danger from those others who broke in. My name is Leo Ranenewitz, and this is Mark Colby. If anyone here would like a safer place to stay until all this is settled, we have a house nearby where we are happy to offer you shelter.”
“We’re not going anywhere,” Jim glared darkly at Leo. “If I’d been able to get to my gun in time, we’d be having a different conversation.”
“These men must be stopped before they kill anyone else. They’re the ones that murdered your cousin Wilbur. I need information about this singularity, where I understand they’re currently hiding. First, how much food do they have in there?”
“We got Larson a bunch of granola bars and stuff,” Kevin said. “And he has some—”
“Kevin. Go to your room. Now.” Luann’s face was white with strain. Kevin got up and left without arguing.
“I’m sorry to intrude, but none of you are safe as long as those men are here. Do you know, is Larson cooperating with them, or is he their hostage?”
Nobody responded. Leo let out a hiss of frustration. “I have no quarrel with any of you, unless you offer cooperation to these individuals we are seeking. Anyone doing so has named themselves an enemy of the blood, and you do not wish to—”
“Leo.” Mark put a hand on the Nightwatch commander’s arm. Yes, the Télèt can be irritable during the daytime.
Leo nodded to Mark, who took over. “We know these guys aren’t here at your invitation. You want them gone. We can help. We’re going to have some of our guys in your barn, out there, keeping everybody safe. We’d like to give you a couple of people inside the house, too. Maybe me and one of the ladies on our team. Just as dangerous as the men, when they need to be, and a lot better looking.” 
He turned to me. “I’m thinking of Carla for day shift, and Therese in the evening.” He didn’t lower his voice for this last part. Putting names to these faceless women, making them more human to his audience.
The three at the table looked at each other without speaking. Finally, Luann said, “Thank you, but we’ll have to talk it over.”
“I appreciate you hearing me out,” Mark said. “We’ll give you some time.” He looked at me, and I led the way upstairs. I was about to bring them into the lounge, until I saw the bright morning sunlight coming through those big windows in the front. I opened the door to one of the storage rooms.
“Really, Beatrice!”
Leo looked around the darkened room and said, with complete certainty, “There’s nobody in here.”
“Just an echo. Her dress was too short.” I pulled an old chair from the jumble of furniture stored there, positioning it near the doorway so I could look out into the grand foyer. Mark did likewise, while Leo sat in the shadows behind the door.
In a low voice, Leo said, “We’re going to need people inside here, with or without their permission. Sooner or later someone is going to have to come out of that singularity. You’re sure there’s no way for us to get in?”
“Not that I’m aware of.”
“Better watch out that grandpa doesn’t get his gun,” Mark said to Leo. Turning to me, he asked, “What kind does he have, anyway?”
“Shotgun.”
“If he does start waving that around, Renee, you get Mark out of here. I will deal with it.” 
“Don’t hurt him, Leo.”
“You have my word. I can’t promise what will be left of that gun if I have to take it from him.”
“I want to talk to that kid,” Mark said.
We went around the corner and I knocked on the door to Kevin’s room. He opened it and invited us all in with a sweeping gesture of one arm. Ignoring Mark, he asked Leo, “Are you a vampire?” 
Leo blinked. “Well, yes.”
“Cool! Can I see your fangs?”
“No. But I would like to thank you for that phone call. It was a very great help to us. I’m hoping we can ask you a few more questions.”
“I bet Marya will show me hers.”
Mark was biting his lip in an unsuccessful effort to keep from laughing. I told Kevin, “She’s not allowed to. I can’t even talk to her yet. But I’ll ask Imogene to tell her you said hi.”
“How long before she can come visit us?”
“Seven years.” Leo was giving me a forbidding look. Maybe he felt I’d told Kevin more than I should have. I had no regrets. If Leo wanted to talk about enemies of the blood, Kevin had surely proven himself an ally. 
“Wow. I’ll be eighteen.”
Mark grinned at him. “At that point, I’m sure she’ll be more than happy to show them to you.” He held up one hand for a high five. As their palms clapped together, Kevin smiled back at him, looking cheered despite the incursion of soldiers from both sides of a vicious war.
“Kevin,” Leo said, “What can you tell me about the singularity?”
“There’s a lot to it, but I think I understand the basics.” He took a notebook from a desk drawer and opened it to a page that reminded me of the drawings on Ada’s walls. It made no sense to me, except that it almost did. “It’s an extension of the cotemporal field. Or to put it another way, the ordinary field is a derivative of the singularity, maybe second order, depending on how you define the dimensions.” 
Leo tried again. “Do you know of any way to get into it? How many are in there now?”
“You can’t get in without a key. They’re all kept inside, except when somebody comes out.” He paused, his organized mind recalling the other half of the question. “The two gunmen, Larson, Gil, and Ada. The younger one.”
“Do they all seem friendly toward each other, or are your people being held at gunpoint?”
“They’re all getting along pretty well.” Kevin sounded apologetic. “They used to bring me in there sometimes, but not since those guys got here. They mostly ignore me now.”
—
Later that morning, the Dawn Patrol set up their outpost in the old barn. From the highway, it didn't look like anything unusual was going on, except for a few extra cars parked on the grass. Inside, it was like a beehive, filled with purposeful activity.
They had less luck getting their people into the house. Mark returned with Carla, still hoping to get the family to accept the Patrol's protection. When they were unable to get anyone to come to the door, there was a brief meeting back at the Keep, and Stephan authorized them to break in through a window. It turned out they couldn't do that, either.
“It's like there's some kind of force field,” Mark said. “We couldn't break that window because we couldn't reach it. I touched the damn thing. It feels a little spongy at first, but our best efforts couldn't budge it an inch.”
Everyone looked at me. What did they expect me to say? I nodded. “Yeah, okay.”
Leo, seeing my lack of surprise, asked, “Is there anything else about their capabilities you may have neglected to mention?”
“I didn't know they could do that. But it makes sense. The entire house is inside the cotemporal field. Larson must’ve reconfigured it somehow. Mark, when you touched it, did anything funny happen? A weird vibration, something like a very localized earthquake?”
“No, we just couldn't get through it. We tried hitting it with an ax. Nothing.”
“It doesn't sound like he's extended the singularity over the whole house, then.”
“It’s a problem, whatever you care to call it,” Leo said. “Can air get through that? Water? Are they going to have issues with sanitation?”
I shrugged.
“Renee,” Stephan asked, “Can you teleport inside? Don’t do it now, but can you tell whether you’d be able to?”
I closed my eyes, picturing the grand foyer. I could imagine it clearly, but had no sense of being able to actually see it. I stood up. Decided I would step through for just a moment. And could not. It simply wasn’t there anymore. I shook my head, and sat back down.
“If she can’t get in that way, maybe they can’t get out…” Therese sighed. “Unless they drop that field for about five seconds. Okay, forget I said that.”
“All we can do,” Leo said, “is to make sure nobody gets in or out by ordinary means. If anyone does walk out of there, any of your family, Renee, they'll be escorted to a safe location. If that happens, I'll want you to ride along and speak with them, assure them that we mean no harm. Are they likely to go to the authorities?”
“I can't be sure, but I doubt it. We usually try to handle things on our own.”
And that was how the Télèt of Abbey Keep put my house and family under medieval-style siege, in 1989, within clear view of the highway, while semitrailers and state troopers zipped past without slowing.
—
I was lying on my bed, reading, when I heard Stephan moving around in the other room. I glanced at my watch, surprised that the sun had set already. The days were getting shorter as autumn gave way to winter.
Normally, I would have gotten up to go see him. But I wanted him to come and look at the painting I’d hung over the dresser. Nicole had gifted me with one of her better works, a sizable acrylic of Moreau in a vibrant, psychedelic palette. It turned the arctic wasteland of my room into a neutral backdrop for the painting, and for Grandma's old quilt. 
I still wanted to replace the furniture with dark wood items scrounged from unused rooms back at the house, and get one of the oriental rugs I'd seen rolled up in a storage room there. Whenever we got the house back. The siege continued. I was worried about Luann, Kevin and the others, but tried to put that out of my mind as much as possible, because there was nothing I could do.
I sat up when Stephan came to stand in my doorway. “Notice anything different?” He leaned against the jamb, not looking around the room, regarding me with a familiar intensity.
“You look lovely. New shirt?”
I laughed. “I've had this for a little while now. It's one of the ones Sarah gave me.” I was about to direct his attention to the wall, but there was the way he was looking at me. The same way he had a week after we got back from Arizona, before gently teasing open one of his marks on my neck. And again, a week after that.
He’d told me it wasn’t a good idea for him to take blood from me more frequently than that. It had only been three days.
But we’d both been under so much stress lately. Surely it wouldn’t hurt to break that discipline occasionally, indulge a little. As long as I didn’t become that girl who came over all light-headed during morning calisthenics, prompting much cooing and fussing from the other Télene, and social embarrassment for both parties involved. I looked back at him. 
“Perhaps we should go sit in the next room.” His tone was completely businesslike. But still, that look. He could be like that.
We settled ourselves on the couch. He took my hands and said, “I want to bring you into my line. Do you understand what I mean by that?”
“Um, sort of.” I had a pretty clear idea, but I wanted to hear it from him.
“Taste my blood, as I have tasted yours. It’s a serious step. It would change you. I might have waited longer before discussing this with you, if not for this time of conflict. It would make you stronger, harder to kill.”
“It’s how people become Télèt, right?”
He nodded. “Not right away. It’s decades too early to consider bringing you over. But it would be the first step on that path.”
“Stephan, I want—”
He put one finger across my lips. “There are some things I must tell you. First, you can think it over before deciding. Because it’s irrevocable. Right now, you could walk away. Have children, if you choose. My blood in your mouth would slam a door that can never be re-opened.”
“There is no part of me that wants to walk away from you. And I’ve never wanted children.” Some girls grow up fantasizing about weddings, about babies; I’d dreamed of piloting a spaceship, or riding off to battle on the back of a dragon.
“All right. I also need to give you an idea of the odds. Not everyone survives the change. If you do, you could potentially live for centuries. Or die in your first few years. The dangers are many. If we do this, you will be subject to Télèt law, from the moment my blood comes to life within you. That might not happen the first time you taste it, but it often does. Our laws are harsher than those of the outside world.”
I waited to see if he was done talking. I ran one fingernail along his collarbone, letting it come to rest in the hollow of his throat. “I don’t need to think it over, Stephan. I want that, with you.” Does he know I’ve thought about this, fantasized about it? What we had wasn’t exactly telepathy, except sometimes, it was close. This would strengthen that bond. 
His hand closed over mine. “Not here. People walk right through that door sometimes.”
I stood up and pulled him toward the hidden room. That felt like the proper place for this. 
He walked through the wall ahead of me. When I followed, the room was gently illuminated by the little battery-operated lantern he’d brought in there for me. It sat on a shelf along with a variety of curious objects, the most striking of which was an ugly little statue that looked something like a gargoyle, carved of reddish-brown stone.
I sat down on the white quilt, which I’d expected him to eject from his room after that first night when I’d put it over him, as much for a joke as anything else. Instead, he’d left it in there for me to use when I came to visit. The extra pillow, too.
“It probably won’t do any good to ask you not to discuss this with your sister Télene, but it would be improper for you to make an announcement about it. It’s supposed to be a private matter.”
“I have no intention of mentioning it to anyone, but they’ll all find out. Any of the Télèt will be able to tell, right? One of them will say something to their consort, and word will spread.” The Télene didn’t discuss this topic openly, in large groups. Only in whispers between two or three, four or five at the most.
“Very likely.” Stephan took off his shirt and tossed it onto one of the shelves. Then he pulled me down beside him and drew the quilt over both of us, covering even our heads, making a tent with one upraised hand. The lantern, not bright to begin with, didn’t provide much light through the thick fabric.
He leaned forward and licked at the wounds on my neck, which had closed but never truly healed. I could feel a little of my blood coming out, quickly washed away, but instead of fastening his mouth there, he drew back. He’d awakened my instincts without providing any satisfaction.
“My blood is not like yours. It doesn’t flow as freely. We don’t actually suck anyone’s blood from their body, not in any friendly context, anyway. But when we do this the other way around, you’ll have to work at it. You won’t hurt me. Once I mark myself, you can’t waste any time. We heal very fast. Are you ready?”
“Yes.” His hand moved against his neck, leaving a deep cut that oozed a little fluid, almost clear, difficult to see against his skin. He pulled me forward, his hand on the back of my neck, and I drew at the wound the way I imagined a baby does at its mother’s breast. I only got a little into my mouth, but it burned, almost painfully. It didn’t have a strong flavor, yet I could feel it in my sinuses, like spicy food; warming my throat, although I had barely taken in enough to swallow. As I continued to suckle, I could feel the heat spreading into my belly, radiating outward from there.
Stephan’s hand relaxed, no longer pulling me against him, and I laid back. I was exhausted. Still early in the evening, but it felt more like three in the morning.
Perhaps it tired him as well, because he said, “I may take a brief nap, now. Stay with me for a little while.”
I couldn’t imagine wanting to get up. “So your blood doesn’t get confused.” I could feel it all the way down to the tips of my fingers and toes. Resting one hand on his bare chest, I closed my eyes, feeling even more connected with him than before. My vampire.
As I drifted off to sleep, I was filled with a curious sense of triumph, an alien emotion that wasn’t my own. Not Stephan’s, either. The microorganism. The one that would change me, over the course of time. I’d been told it had its own agenda. Like any living organism, it wanted to thrive, and grow.
I woke, sometime later, because I had to pee. Stephan appeared to be asleep, breathing slowly but perceptibly, not like the lifeless coma of his daylight hours. He stirred when I sat up, then rolled smoothly into a crouch and leaned close to peer into my eyes with an air that was more clinical than romantic. “Ah, good, that’s taken hold already. An excellent sign. Welcome to the line of Aegrid, Renee.”
“I’ll be right back.”
When I came out of the bathroom, he was sitting on the couch again. He’d put his shirt back on and I saw no sign of the deep gash he’d inflicted on himself. He extended an arm, inviting me to join him.
“One or two more things I need to tell you. There may be changes, even this early on. If you’re concerned about anything, please tell me, or you can talk to Lena. What I said about not discussing this with the other warmbloods, that doesn’t apply to her. Is she someone you’re comfortable with?”
“Oh, yes.”
“I’ve heard she’s like a mother to the younger Télene. She came into our world later than most, and I understand she has grown children of her own. One thing I do want to tell you, your menstruation will cease. Perhaps not right away, but as we go on with this.”
“Okay.” I was glad we were nestled too close together for eye contact. Am I really sitting here and discussing my period with him? Not that my blood is any mystery to him, at this point. 
“We’ve had a few young Télene in the past who didn’t know that, who became convinced that they were pregnant. Unless you’ve been up to some hijinks during the day, that is simply not possible.”
I laughed, thinking of the three-way Nicole had suggested. Hijinks, indeed. “I’ve been offered at least one opportunity.”
“That doesn’t surprise me.” He waited, with that inquiring look, so I told him the story. It was too delicious not to share.
Stephan got up and walked over to the door of my bedroom, standing with his back to me for a long moment. “You might need a bigger bed.”
Was I trying to make him jealous? If so, he’s called my bluff. I went over and put my arm around him. 
He pulled me close. “By the way, Sarah would like to taste your blood. That’s often done within families, although it’s strictly up to you.”
An electric thrill ran through me. Sarah. And yet… “She asked you about it? Rather than talking to me?”
“It would have been most improper for her to bring it up directly with you. But she is asking you, through me. If you say no, she’ll be disappointed, but it won’t change the fundamental bond that now exists between you. Sarah and Jeanette are your sisters, now, and if anything were to happen to me, they would care for you and teach you in my place.”
I didn’t answer right away. I didn’t want to sound too eager. He must have picked up my reaction, though. “I can set something up with her the next time she’s in town. I’ll stay in the room with the two of you, if you like. Or not.”
“Uh, probably not.”
“That’s up to you. You’re safe with her. Or Jeanette, for that matter, although I get the sense you and she have a different kind of bond.”
“I think she only likes to bite men.” As much as I loved her, it had never occurred to me to yearn for her kiss.
“In general, that’s true. She might make an exception for her little sister. She certainly had no reservations about sharing her own blood with Sarah. But I don’t know that it’s necessary. You both have that love of art. And the talent. Jeanette is already your mentor, in another sense of the word. Fortunately for me, or we might never have met.”
He pressed his lips to mine, then drew back to search my eyes again. Barely above a whisper, he said, “Line of Aegrid.”
25
Cat, my model, sat on a brick bench built into the wall enclosing one of the back gardens of the Keep, wearing a white dress and holding a lacy parasol over her head. We had lost the tower room, and the front gardens were not considered safe, but we still had this outdoor refuge. It was an unseasonably warm afternoon, and we were taking full advantage of it.
“Do you have any news from home, Renee?” It was more than just polite interest on her part. What was going on with my family affected all of us.
“The Antonites are still there. I’ve been reading the reports from our security surveillance. The only windows they can see through are in the dining room. Larson gives every sign of cooperating with our enemies, but I’m not sure if he’s under duress. He’s got all the men wearing ties at dinner every night, and the women are in long dresses. You’d fit right in, Cat, with that outfit.” 
Larson’s plans for the family would not be limited to their wardrobes. His desire for descendants was well-known. It was probably no accident that he’d seated Luann, not yet forty, between the two Antonites. The elder Ada was long past childbearing age, but he’d probably urge Jim to take a wife, and would just be biding his time where Kevin was concerned. It appeared Gil and the younger Ada were on good terms, sitting together and stealing choice items from one another’s plates. 
I put all that out of my mind as I focused on the painting, until my concentration was broken by a commotion near the door to the main building. Lena was shouting to be heard, but she didn’t have a loud voice. One of the men helped out by bellowing for everyone to shut up and listen. I abandoned my easel to walk closer.
“Everyone, please, pay attention. You all have to proceed immediately to the pig barns. It is not safe to go inside the Keep. We have a situation. I want one armed patroller with each group.” Lena didn’t ask for questions. She got them anyway. She held up a hand for quiet. “There is nothing in there worth risking your life for. I know you’re worried about your friends. We are getting everyone out that we are able to. I’m going to level with you. We have a hostage situation in the restricted compound.” After that, I couldn’t hear what she was saying over the noise.
“Quiet!” I hadn’t realized Carla could shout that loudly. “All of you on duty, stand over here. The rest of you, that don’t have guns, line up over there. We’re going to divide you into groups to walk over to the barn under guard.” Behind her, more people were coming outside, looking confused and adding to the noise level. Lena and Carla continued to sort them into the armed and unarmed. 
With a regretful glance at my half-finished painting, I headed over to stand with the other off-duty people, but Lena intercepted me. “Not you, Renee. Come inside, but don’t go far.” She ushered me into a nearby room and closed the door.
I’d never been in there before. It was a small office, repurposed for storing gardening tools, which had been leaned against the walls and piled on a desk. There was no chair. I leaned against the desk, closed my eyes, and thought about the compound. 
The chairs in the dining area were mostly empty, but I saw people standing around, none in gray uniforms. One wore a floor-length dress like Cat’s, but this woman was shorter and had darker hair. A man with a beard, stocky, with reddish-brown hair. Two other men who were less distinct in my vision, and a few other figures, seated. It wasn’t like looking through a pane of glass, unless it had been smeared with some oily substance that shifted like smoke.
The bearded man looked like Larson. I opened my eyes, gazing out the window at the empty courtyard. And waited. I kept glancing at my watch. Half an hour passed. I organized some of the tools, cleared off the desk, sat on it cross-legged for a while, sneaking the occasional peek into the compound dining room without learning anything new. 
I got up and paced around, looking at the door, wondering if they’d forgotten I was there. It wasn’t Lena who finally came in. It was Mark. His eyes had a strange look, as if they were focused inward rather than on the outside world. “I’m supposed to be trying to find you.”
“Congratulations. Here I am.”
He leaned against the wall, facing me. “Let me explain what’s going on. Your grandfather, or whatever he is to you, he got in here along with the two enemy soldiers who’ve been holed up in his house. And his daughter.”
“Ada.”
“Yeah, her, the one that was in the tower room that night. She’s wearing the same kind of vest. They all are. She and her father don’t appear to be armed, but the other two are, and they have four of our Télene. Maybe that’s just who happened to be in the room when they appeared, or maybe they felt like women would be easier to control. But if they had to take hostages, I wish to hell it had been some of the men.”
Antonites getting their hands on the Télene was a charged topic. They were reputed to have some sick fantasies, rape and other forms of torture and humiliation. There had been occasions, at other enclaves, where they’d gotten to act those out. Many of the Télene declared that they would rather die than be taken alive by such men.
“Renee, listen to me. Your grandfather wants us to turn you over to him. That’s his demand. He thinks he has those other two under control, but he doesn’t. They’d like to kill everyone here. We’re dealing with two groups with different objectives. I’m trying to work with that. I’m not a trained crisis negotiator. I had a couple of classes. Carla had one when she was with the cops.”
“What do you want me to do?” I’d assumed I had been pulled aside to help, because of my ability. It appeared I was the prize at the bottom of the cereal box, as far as Larson was concerned. I clenched my hands into fists.
Mark grabbed me by the arm, hard. It was the first time he’d touched me since I’d gotten back from Arizona. Recently, he’d decided that no part of my body was a suitable place for him to rest his hand if we were having a conversation. Now, however, he was hurting me. I met his eyes and didn’t show it.
“Don’t you do anything stupid, that’s all. I’ve been straight with you, let you know what’s going on. I know it’s got to be on your mind that you can teleport in there, talk to your grandfather, maybe give yourself up in exchange for the others. If it were just him, that might work. But those other guys are Antonites, and they’re the ones with the guns. Larson thinks he’s in charge. They’re going to let him go on thinking that until he tells them to do something they don’t want to do.”
“Let go of me.” I could have teleported away. Carla and I had been working on that. She could grab me in a bear hug, crush the breath out of me, and I would leave her clutching empty air. But I didn’t do that, just looked at him steadily.
Mark released me and leaned back against the wall. “Sorry. If I’ve put a bruise on you, I’m probably a dead man, right? But you’ve got to promise me you won’t go in there.”
“You let me worry about Stephan... I have no desire to go in there, believe me.” It was true. I didn’t have the heart for self-sacrifice he was giving me credit for. “So what can I do to help?”
“I don’t know. I’m playing for time, and pretty much making it up as I go along. I may think of something I need from you, which is why I want you here instead of with everyone else. I’ve got to get back up there now. I’m going to lock this door. If anyone starts breaking it down, if you hear fighting of any kind, don’t hang around. Do you know the pig barns well enough to teleport there? Or anywhere else that’s not in the Keep, and not at your old house.”
“Moreau’s place.”
“Good. If you do end up there, don’t come back until we call to let you know it’s over.”
—
I didn’t see any of what happened in the compound. I’m going to tell that story anyway, based on the incident reports, and what I heard from people who were there.
“You don’t need four hostages,” Mark told Larson. “One would be plenty to get our attention, but if you could release Anna, there, it would really help move things in the right direction. She has a heart condition. I know you don’t want to hurt anyone.”
“Don’t believe a word he says.” Danny was the one who worried Mark the most. He was charged with nervous energy, and he held a wicked-looking tactical knife at the throat of Debra, the youngest of the hostages. “He’s nothing but one of their damned thralls.” 
“I’m just a guy doing a job here, Danny.” Mark had learned the names of the interlopers; beyond that, he’d made little progress. “They pay me to keep these ladies safe, and that’s all I’m trying to do. I’d appreciate it if you’d let Debra, there, have a seat with the other girls. She’s only eighteen years old. She must be terrified.” Although Debra didn’t look scared to Mark. He didn’t like the look in her eyes any better than he liked the one in Danny’s.
“Old enough to whore for the undead!”
Some of the Antonites and their brethren had a special hatred for the Télene, according to reports from the Kon Dahr, who studied all of their grotty little mimeographed newsletters. Often, they directed more vitriol at the consorts than at the actual vampires. We fell into the broad general category of women they would’ve liked to fuck, but didn’t get to; it can’t have been all that exclusive a club, so in my mind, that never explained the depth of their animosity.
Debra had put up with as much as she was going to. “You’ve all made a big mistake coming here. We’re going to kill every last one of you.”
“Debra.” Mark fixed his eyes on her, willing her to be quiet, speaking to her as if she were a child, and he, a parent whose patience was near its end. “Don’t interrupt when I’m talking to Danny. I want to hear what he has to say. Danny, she’s just a kid. Do you have a sister, or a daughter?”
“I just want my granddaughter,” Larson said. “If you people will release her, my daughter Ada will take charge of her, and we’ll be on our way.” Danny turned his head to look at him, not moving the knife from Debra’s neck, eyes hard and untrusting.
“I’ve got some guys out there looking for her. As soon as we find her, you’ll get a chance to talk to her.” He had no intention of letting Larson talk to me. “I can’t let you take her if she doesn’t want to go, but if she listens to you, maybe she’ll want to go home. What would you say to her if she were here?”
What happened next was chaotic, and accounts of it varied. Nita read into the record that she saw the Antonite holding Debra put his hand on her breast. Mark didn’t see that happen, but he was looking at Larson, so perhaps he missed it. Regardless of whether that was true, Debra decided to try one of the self-defense moves we’d been taught, which was intended for use against an unarmed chokehold. 
She grabbed the wrist of her captor’s knife hand with both of hers, and with a wild shriek, drove her heel down into his instep. She was preparing to deliver another stomp kick when he cut her throat. Blood jetted out from her neck, pulsing with the last few beats of her heart. 
Mark, who’d been holding up both hands in a placatory gesture, drew the gun from the small of his back and blew off the top of Danny’s head while he was still holding his dying captive in front of himself like a shield. Seth, the other Antonite, began firing at Mark, who ducked into a doorway to take cover behind a stone wall.
“Get down, now!” Nita followed Anna’s order immediately, sliding off her chair and curling into a ball on the floor. When Susie did not, Anna tackled her and pulled her down. At the same time, Larson shouted, “Go back!” Not waiting to see if the others in his group would obey, he hit the button on his chest and disappeared. 
A group of Patrollers came up the stairs from the women’s hall and started shooting. Ada was standing behind the men in her party, where they might have thought she’d be safer; her position put her directly in the line of fire from the stairwell. She was hit multiple times from behind, taking some of the rounds intended for Seth. Before she could fall, all three of the remaining intruders vanished, whether living or dead. 
26
I stood alone in the Dawn Patrol briefing room. The door was locked, but locked doors were, how had Leo put it? A bad joke, once teleportation came into play. It was the second day following the assault on the compound, and most of the Keep’s inhabitants had scattered, which was the goal of groups like the Antonites on the rare occasions when they attacked a vampire stronghold. Roust them from their place of safety, as one manual captured by the Kon Dahr had advised, and they will be vulnerable. 
I wasn’t supposed to be there. Nobody was. Only the tunnels were considered safe now. The few Patrollers left would be taking turns aiming rifles down the long corridor leading to the main building. Bypassing that killing zone, I jumped to the apartment I shared with Stephan.
Debra McCoy was dead. It was permanent; she would not wake. Her decaying body had been laid to rest in the catacombs. Eighteen years old. 
All the Télene knew that not everyone made it, even under the best of circumstances. Nevertheless, we’d pictured her serving zali in the tower room once things were back to normal. Learning of her death had made me come to terms with my own responsibility in the matter. If not for Larson, the two Antonites would never have been able to get inside the Keep; Larson, who’d come looking for me.
I walked over to my bedroom closet. The place was as full of ghosts as the house ever was. Stephan’s ghost, although he lay sleeping nearby and would rise soon, with these shorter days. Perhaps my own ghost. I looked around, memorizing the place. If I don’t make it back, I may have a long time to regret this decision. I thought about leaving Stephan a note. Thought about slipping in there to touch his face in the darkness. Decided there was no point in either of these things. I was just delaying.
I opened the closet. Larson had his vests, allowing him to do what I could do by virtue of the strange gift I’d received while living in that house he had built. I had a vest of my own, the one Melinda had given me in Arizona. Grandpa Larson might have preferred to see me in a long dress. The knitted vest would have to do. 
Since the house was still shielded behind a force field, I pictured the windows of the dining room in my mind, and the untrimmed grass beneath them. I pressed my fingers to my lips, held them in front of my mouth and exhaled in the direction of the hidden room like a child blowing out a birthday candle. Then I was standing in the slanting sunlight of late afternoon. It was cold, but I wouldn’t be out there long.
I’d timed it right. They were at dinner. Larson, at the head of the table, was facing away from me. The elder Ada was at the other end. She looked at me, gave a barely perceptible shake of her head, and lowered her eyes to her plate. But Luann saw me out of the corner of her eye, and turned to look. Larson followed suit to see what had caught her attention. Behind me, I heard a shout from the barn.
Larson said something, I couldn’t hear what, and pointed to the corner of the room as he strode to the door and flung it open. I heard one of the Patrol’s jeeps start up and race toward me over the grass.
“Girl, if you’re coming in, hurry up!” Larson stood holding the door, not setting a foot outside. I ran to the doorway and paused there, wondering what he would do if I were still on the threshold when my pursuers arrived. I didn’t get a chance to find out. He seized me by the arm with a powerful grip and pulled me inside. He put his hand the same place Mark had, a couple of days earlier. It hurt. I guess that’s the standard place to grab Renee. 
As soon as he had me inside, Larson slammed the door. “Now, Kevin!” There was a click and a low hum, felt in my bones as well as heard. 
Larson let go of my arm. I went into the dining room, where Kevin was closing the lid of something that looked like an old-style phonograph cabinet. It was jammed into an outside corner, between the south and west-facing windows, and blocked a ragged hole in the wall, like the one I’d once made with a hammer. Wires ran from the cabinet to the exposed pipe in the corner. Through the window, I could see Mark Colby spreading his fingers wide in frustration. 
“Have you eaten?” Luann rose from her seat. “We have ham.”
“No, no, I couldn’t. I’m not hungry. But it’s great to see you. I’ve missed you all.” 
Luann opened her arms and took a step toward me, but I turned away. “Grandpa Larson, I heard you wanted to talk to me. So here I am.”
“Yes. Yes, you are.” He blinked owlishly at this sudden, unexpected victory.
“Where’s Seth?” I didn’t see Gil, either. Not surprisingly, the younger Ada was also nowhere in sight. From the reports I’d read, there was no way she could have survived.
Larson frowned at the window. “We ought to hang draperies.” He turned his back to the Patrollers outside. Soon they would be replaced by the night shift. It made no difference to Larson; none of them would be getting inside without an invitation. “Everyone, please finish your meals. I won’t be joining you for dessert. Renee and I have matters to discuss.” 
He turned toward me. “You’ve never been inside the singularity, have you? I think it’s time you saw it.” Ada was looking at me sadly. Larson was right; it was time. It was my heritage. My fate, perhaps.
He put his hand on my shoulder and we walked toward the library. Kevin, looking pale and careworn, got up and tagged along. Perhaps this was expected. Larson didn’t object.
The key to that odd little closet was in Larson’s pocket, now. He opened the door and waved us through. It looked the same, that open cage of pipes, mostly in shadow. “Stand toward the center, arms at your sides,” he said, in the rote cadence of someone repeating a thing they’d said many times.
“You could lose a hand,” Kevin added.
The light grew brighter. We were still inside the framework of pipes, or another one of the same dimensions, but now we were in a large, open area. The singularity, Larson’s lab. Nearby, there was a panel full of dials, levers and gauges, one of several scattered around the room.
“It’s safe now,” Larson said. He led the way to the group of chairs I’d seen through that hole I made in the wall.
“Kevin. Get us a pitcher of water and some glasses.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Without warning, Larson reached out and seized me by the chin, turning my head so he could get a good look at my neck, and the marks Stephan had left there. “Goddamn bloodsuckers. I let them have Wilbur, but you are too valuable to this family for me to—”
He broke off when I jumped partway across the room. I couldn’t have teleported to anyplace outside the singularity, because nowhere else existed. Even though I could see the sky through those high windows, it was nothing but an illusion.
Showing off like that was a bad idea. His eyes filled with something like lust, although I wasn’t worried about him trying to rip my clothes off. No, his sense of propriety would require him to assign that job to another.
“Incredible.” He waved an impatient hand at Kevin, who’d walked up with a tray holding the water he’d requested. Kevin set it on the table.
“Where’s Seth?”
“Those men… working with them was a mistake.” He sank down into one of the brass-studded leather chairs. “I see that now. My daughter is dead because of it.”
“I’m sorry.”
When Larson didn’t respond, Kevin broke the silence. “We still had the coffin Jim built for Marya. And the grave.”
“Yes, we gave her a proper burial at least. Which is more than I would do for the other one who died. I made his friend take the body, when I sent him through the tunnel into town. He was injured, and whether he lives or dies, I care nothing for that. I have no argument with the Télèt, now that you are home. That was all I asked of them.”
“I can’t stay.” The information he’d just given me was, in part, why I was there. I needed to tell Leo, to tell Stephan. “How long ago did you send Seth away?” 
He stood up. “Oh, you will stay. This is where you belong. You’ll see that after a time, when you have children of your own. I’ve lost my Ada. And Gilbert left. He and my daughter, well, I had hopes that they would be the parents of the next generation. But now I have you. It will be interesting to see if you can pass your remarkable talent on to your own sons and daughters.”
He looked at Kevin. “How old are you again, boy?”
“Almost twelve, sir.” There wasn’t much more color in his face than there was in his crisp white shirt.
“It’s a possibility. A few more years. But tell me, Renee. I know your parents died when you were a child, and Luann raised you in this house, did she not? Along with her own son, here.” 
“Yes. Kevin is like a brother to me.”
“Best to seek someone from the outside, then. That way, we won’t need to wait. Kevin, never fear, we’ll find someone for you when the time comes.” He smiled at my cousin, who didn’t smile back. “First, we need to get these vampires and their henchmen out of our barn. Perhaps you can help negotiate that, Renee. Now that their enemies are no longer here, surely they will lose interest in us?” A plaintive note crept into his voice.
“Yes. They would be very interested to learn where you sent those killers.” Seth, wounded and burdened with his dead friend, would be easy prey if not too much time had passed. “Of course, you’ll have to let me go. I am the consort of the lord dominus.” Stephan’s official title, rarely used within Abbey Keep. 
“He’ll have to seek elsewhere for a consort. I’m sure the Vieux can supply him with one. Come to think of it, we can look to them for your husband. I feel certain they can offer a choice of several young men, and you may pick whichever one you fancy. I’m not breeding people like horses, here, whatever stories may have been passed down through the generations in my absence.”
“I don’t want a husband, and I don’t want to have any kids. Even if I did, it’s too late. I’ve tasted Stephan’s blood.” He would not approve of my telling Larson that, or Kevin, for that matter. He wouldn’t like any part of this, when he woke and learned of it. But would he understand? I’ll ask him to look me in the eyes and tell me he wouldn’t do the same, in my position. Assuming I make it back to him.
“He may have told you that would make you infertile, but I have information to the contrary. I hope it won’t give your children any unusual characteristics. If it does, I suppose they can always sleep in the cellar.” He chuckled, and walked over to a tall cabinet. Opening it, he took a circlet of metal from one of the shelves. A collar, decorated with strange gadgetry.
“Gilbert warned me you’d be this way, so I made you a present. You won’t have to wear it all the time. But I can’t keep you under my constant supervision to prevent you from running off. I have work to do. Work you will come to appreciate, someday. You won’t have to drink the blood of the living to enjoy something close to immortality. We can be like gods, bending time and space to our wills.”
He moved slowly toward me, the way you might with a timid animal that you didn’t want to frighten. “Here, try it on. We might need to add some padding. It truly saddens me that I have to do this, Renee.” He didn’t look sad. His expression was one any tinkerer might wear, when pleased with the product of his labor.
I jumped closer to the brass cage that represented the exit. “You’re not putting that thing on me. Give that key to Kevin, and let me out of here. I’ll carry your message to the Télèt and get them out of your barn.”
Kevin started to speak. “You don’t—”
“Silence, boy!” Larson turned a fearsome glower on him, then looked at me again. “I’m not chasing you around this room. You can stay in here for the night if you wish. You won’t find my supplies of food easy to access. I will keep the key to that area on my person. You can eat when you’re ready to be reasonable.”
I looked at his position relative to Kevin, and took two steps to my left. Pulled the Glock 19 from beneath my vest and pointed it at him. Slipped my finger inside the trigger guard. “The key.”
He set down the collar on a nearby table. “Perhaps this won’t be necessary. We can discuss that. But you will give me that pistol before someone gets hurt.” Slowly, he began to walk toward me, one hand extended.
I held the gun with both hands, as steady as I could, with shaking arms. “Kevin, go stand over there.” I motioned with my head, and he obeyed. To Larson, I said, “Stop right where you are.”
He kept walking, not speeding up or slowing down, closing the distance to fifteen feet. I shouted, “Get on the ground! Do it now!” Carla, a former police officer, had taught us that. “NOW!”
Less than ten feet. Still walking, he said, “We both know—”
I shot him twice. Two small dimples appeared in the front of his suit coat. No blood. I’d expected blood. I’d expected him to fall. He looked surprised, and paused. Then he took another step.
My hands had never shaken like this in practice. I raised the gun, thinking of another drill. Perhaps he had more than one kind of vest. Two to the center of mass, one to the off switch. I tried to hold my front sight on him. It felt like years had gone by since I’d fired those first two shots. I took in a deep breath, fighting dizziness, wondering if I was going to pass out. 
I found myself thinking of the way the morning sunlight fell across our outdoor firing range. The gun in my hands stopped jerking around as I relaxed them. I slowly squeezed the trigger, very conscious of my limited skills, reminding myself not to rush it. It took me by surprise when the gun went off for the third time.
Now Larson did fall, the center of his face a bloody ruin. Tears were streaming down my face. I couldn’t have said why, or what made me repeat something else I’d heard Carla say during those drills: “Mozambique, motherfucker.”
I doubt Kevin heard me. My ears were still echoing from the gunshots, which had been amplified by the big, empty room. I watched Larson, who was still moving, bloody froth issuing from the hole where his nose had been. I’d missed the off switch. It would have been a mercy to walk up and finish it, but I couldn’t. I was done. I watched as he struggled to breathe.
It was ugly. He’d fallen on his side, and after a time, he arched his back violently. And again. I lowered my eyes to the floor, but kept facing in his direction.
Now Larson was still. I walked closer, feeling as if it were all a bad dream. Knelt beside him, the Glock in one hand, and put the other on his chest. No movement. I stood up and stepped back.
“Kevin, can you get us out of here?”
He stumbled away from me, eyes wide with fear. I realized the gun was still in my hand. The first time I tried to shove it back into the retention holster on my belt, the same one I used on the range every week, I almost dropped it. The second time, I jammed my finger against the hard plastic edge, bending back a fingernail, although I wouldn’t be aware of that until later. It was back in the holster now, at any rate.
“Kevin.” And if he can’t? Starving in there might well have been what I deserved, or at any rate, that was my feeling at the moment. But not him. Nor did I want to die in that place, regardless of what I might deserve. “Kevin. Can you get us out of here?”
He tore his eyes from Larson’s body. In a surprisingly normal voice, he said, “You don’t need the key for that. That’s what I was trying to tell you, but he wouldn’t let me. Just a minute.” 
He went to the cabinet, the same one where Larson had gotten the collar. I went back to the body, knelt by it, struggling to absorb what had just happened. Shouldn’t I feel something? Victorious, relieved, guilt-stricken? I just wanted to get out of there. To go home, to Stephan. And stand in my shower until the smell of gunsmoke was out of my nostrils. I whispered, “I’m sorry, Grandfather.”
“Come on.” His errand at the cabinet complete, Kevin led the way to the pipe framework and we stepped inside. “Watch your hands.” 
I didn’t notice the button protruding from one of the pipes until Kevin pushed it. The light grew dim, and the button was no longer there. We walked out into the library, which still held a fair amount of illumination from the fading daylight. Kevin closed the door to the closet. “We can’t lock it. Larson still has the key.”
“It doesn’t matter. I’m not going back for it, that’s for sure.”
“We couldn’t, anyway.” His dark eyes were anguished as they met mine. “He has that key, too. The others are hanging on the wall, I should have grabbed one, I didn’t even think of it!”
Seldom had I seen Kevin that upset. It’s not the key that’s weighing on him.
“Kev, it doesn’t matter. Come here.” I held out my arms for a hug.
The panic left his face and he even smiled, a little. “I can’t, Renee, not while you still have that gun. I’m sorry. I just can’t.”
“It’s okay. I love you, cuz, you know that, right?”
“Always. Back atcha.” He blew me a kiss. I caught it and put it on my cheek, then sent one back, and he did the same. 
As we left the library, I said, “You can turn off that force field, right?”
“It kind of has that effect, but what it actually is, it’s a device that puts the house out of phase with the outside world by a few seconds. Anyway, sure, it’s easy. I’ll show you.” He was in didactic mode, sounding perfectly normal, now, but I’d have to find an opportunity for a private word with Luann about what he’d seen. She needed to know. All of them needed to know what had happened, that Larson was dead. 
Larson, who would now lie in his singularity forever, possibly undergoing natural decomposition there on the wooden floor of his laboratory. His tomb, now. Or perhaps, due to the nature of the singularity, he would lie there incorruptible through the years, the decades, the centuries. I could not decide which of those possibilities was more disturbing.
I’ll tell my family all about it, later. My first duty was to report to the people who were trying to find Seth. I’d never managed to get Larson to give me those details. Kevin might be able to fill in some of the missing information, but I would sit in on any interviews with him, to make sure he wasn’t traumatized any further. He’d liked both Mark and Leo. Perhaps one of them could talk to him.
If the sun had already set, I’d have jumped straight to the apartment, but it was just starting to sink behind the roof of the barn. As I walked out the front door and headed in that direction, a crowd of people in gray uniforms came out to meet me.
27
I woke, dazed and disoriented, half-convinced I was still trapped in the nightmare. As my eyes came into focus, I saw the wide stripe of blue light from the bathroom door. I’d put a night-light in there; one thing about living underground, the darkness is absolute if you don’t do anything to alleviate it.
That same dream, again. Larson, lying on the floor of the singularity, his eyes open, looking at me. His face was undamaged, but he couldn’t get up. 
Turning on the light beside the bed, I looked at my clock. Almost ten in the morning. I’d been staying up late, and now I’d missed another training session. I got up and spent a long time in the shower, trying to wash the memories away. 
Back in the bedroom, I couldn’t decide what to wear. I opened the bottom drawer of my dresser. One side held my new Glock and all its accessories. That was Stephan’s reaction to my confrontation with Larson; if he couldn’t stop me from undertaking dangerous solo activities during the day, he would at least see to it that I didn’t need to make any more unauthorized visits to the armory. 
I couldn’t have asked for a more supportive friend and lover. During the night, at any rate. Stephan was willing to hold me for hours while I slept, which must have been boring for him, but he always said he didn’t mind.
But in the daylight hours, he wasn’t much comfort. I thought briefly of going in there, wrapping myself in the white quilt and lying close to him for a while, but it was too much like cuddling a corpse. I wished Nicole were still in town. She’d dropped a couple of hints about pills she could get, stuff that made it easier to get through the day, and to sleep at night. I hadn’t been interested. Now, when I might have taken her up on it, she was gone. 
She’d left a note, wishing Moreau and Frederic the best of everything, with a little postscript under her signature; Renee, too! I had a fantasy about her and Gil. I remembered the way the two of them had looked at each other, and also how she’d mentioned to him where she was staying in town. Perhaps they’d found one another, and were together.
The other half of that bottom drawer held my black outfit from Arizona. I took it out, put it on, and looked in the mirror. I'd lost a few pounds, although I hadn't been trying to. My face was too pale. Nobody would mention it, because that was something you didn't say to a member of the Télene. 
I went back in the bathroom, put a stripe of lipstick on each cheek and blended it with my fingers, then took some time with the rest of my face. “Not bad. If only I felt as good as I look, right?”
I need to find better company than my own reflection. Mark Colby had invited me to come find him if I ever wanted to talk about what had happened. About what I'd done. Both Lena and Carla had made the same offer, and it would have been more usual for me to go to one of them. In the restricted compound, men socialized together in their own groups, while the Télene looked out for one another as they'd been doing for centuries. But this was something Mark was more likely to understand.
I met him in the little office he and Lena shared, just off the briefing room. It was between shift changes, so there was nobody in the area but the two of us. I told him the entire story, omitting nothing, including what I'd said after shooting Larson for the third and final time. Mozambique, motherfucker.
When Carla used that line during practice, Mark always sighed and shook his head, although she claimed she'd picked it up from him during an instructors-only session. I was more than half expecting a lecture about the seriousness of ending a human life. Because the whole time they were teaching us how to do that, there was always the underlying message that it was never to be done lightly.
He didn't say anything right away. The silence stretched on. Finally, “I'm not going to ask you if you're all right. People always say they're fine, even when they're not. You're eighteen, pardon me, nineteen years old, and you had to shoot a member of your own family, and watch him die. The only way that wouldn't fuck you up is if you were a complete sociopath, which I don't think you are.”
“I could’ve handled it differently. Without killing him. You don’t even need the key to get out of the singularity, just to get in. I didn’t know.” I was waiting for someone to punish me for this enormous thing I'd done, to yell at me, at least. Stephan hadn't. My family hadn't; in fact, I was picking up traces of the same attitude from Luann and Jim that I got from the Télene, as if I’d earned some place of authority.
When is somebody going to tell me that I was wrong? No matter how I tried to justify it to myself, that was how it felt. 
I looked at Mark, and repeated, “I didn’t know. I should’ve waited, though, tried to figure out another way to escape.” 
“Your grandfather, great-grandfather, whatever he is, he's the reason Debra is dead. That alone would be his death warrant as far as I'm concerned. None of us were ever going to be safe as long as he could send people in here like that. I have no problem with what you did, except I would never have let you go in there by yourself. But you got it done. I don't know what else to tell you.”
Another long and not entirely comfortable silence. I gazed at the wall beside Mark’s desk, where he'd hung a framed drawing. It looked like the work of a small child. 
“I don't know if you heard, Renee, the cops found Danny's body. The one that killed Debra. His buddy Seth, who unfortunately seems to have gotten clear, dumped him in a ditch and kept going.”
“Does it ever bother you that you had to shoot him like that?”
“I haven't lost one minute of sleep over it. But I didn't know him. And I'm almost twice your age. I've seen and done some shit that I won't go into now, but at some point, you get used to it.”
I was still looking at that drawing. Suddenly, I laughed. “Your, ah, artwork.” I didn't want him to think it was a reaction to what he'd said.
“Oh, yeah, my little niece did that. She goes to Sunday school.” At first glance, it looked like a moose with a bed sheet draped over its back end. If you looked at it just the right way, you could see a humanoid figure with wings. Underneath, in careful little-kid printing, it said: After I die, I'm going to be an Angel. It looked like the word angel had originally been all lowercase, then had been capitalized by the artist, possibly at the request of her uncle.
“I didn't get it at first. Then I did.”
“Long-term career plan.”
“It wouldn't surprise me one bit.”
—
That evening, I saw Desiree heading purposefully toward me. I stood and waited to find out what she had in mind. If she's gotten some crazy idea into her head about my private meeting with her husband, she'll find she’s not dealing with a vegetarian now.
She stopped a few feet from me, arms open wide. “Come here a minute. You poor thing.” I didn’t want to, but I stepped forward and let her pull me close. 
“There, there, honey. Mark told me he wanted to give you a hug earlier, but that wouldn't have been proper, so this is from both of us.” Not entirely appropriate for her to do, either, but she followed her own rules. Stephan would know she wasn’t after my blood.
I hadn't expected to feel comforted by her embrace. I'd accepted it because I didn’t want to be rude. But in the brief time she held me, I caught a faint whiff of perfume, maybe no more than a single diluted drop behind her ear. When the Télèt use fragrances, they apply them very sparingly. It reminded me of what my mother used to wear. Not exactly the same, but it was similar.
She released me, but was still looking at me with concern, and I felt the tears getting ready to flow, like the rumble of thunder before a storm. I wasn't going to let them out there. I took a shortcut through space to my room, and there I did cry, sobbing into my pillow without restraint like a little kid. When I finally stopped, eyes red and nose clogged, I felt cleansed. Those tears didn’t heal me, but they began the process, or at least made it feel possible.
—
I lay on my stomach in the loft of the old barn, looking at the house, watching the sunset reflected in its windows. It looked as if it were on fire. An unbroken blanket of snow, which had taken on a rosy tint, covered the ground between the barn and the house. I wanted to paint it that way, once Moreau would let me use the full range of colors. If not that year, then the next.
Stephan didn't like me going back there, because he thought there might be another Larson somewhere inside the singularity, one who was still alive and determined to establish control over his descendants. Ada said not, but she'd been surprised to meet her younger self. Perhaps, in spite of the name, there was more than one singularity, coexisting in space as they hurtled through time. 
My compromise with Stephan was that I would carry my gun when I visited. It gave me an excuse to wear my sweater vest, and I was slowly building up a collection of other long, loose jackets. I didn't have the gun with me now, though. With the number of layers I had on, it would have been hard to get to, and I wasn't going inside. Just watching over them. There was no cotemporal field in the barn, so I couldn't be trapped there.
The barn was so still, so quiet. No Dawn Patrollers getting ready to go off shift when the Nightwatch arrived. I could see my breath in front of my face, and despite the heavy clothing, I was shivering. 
Sooner or later, I’ll have to tell Luann that I’m not living at Moreau's anymore. The location of the Keep was a secret I couldn't share with her, but I could tell her that I'd found someone very special to me, who cherished me in return, and was living with him just outside Kisco.
Luann wouldn’t be judgmental about a thing like that. No, she'd tell me to bring my boyfriend around some evening, for a home-cooked meal with the family. Which would lead to the second half of that conversation; guess who's not coming to dinner. I wasn't as confident about how that part would go. 
Maybe she'll be okay with it. She wasn't trying to keep Kevin from visiting his friends in 1936. He'd told me that even though Gil was gone, he still liked to go back and hang out with Albion and Chester. They wouldn't have been my first choice of companions, but Kevin was now the only person in the house under thirty, in 1989.
The sun sank below the horizon, and the windows went dark, except for Luann's corner bedroom. I stayed for a few more minutes, watching that single rectangle of light, as the cold crept into my bones. 
Time to go home, to where my love lies sleeping, still as death. If I timed it right, I could brush my lips against his and he would awaken, like an enchanted prince in a fairy tale. 
Read an excerpt from
Vicissitudes
by
Katherine X. Rylien

Prologue: 1991 
The vampire hunters picked their way through the wreckage inside the abandoned house, past ruined furniture, lumps of sodden clothing, and swollen books. Bright Arizona sunshine poured through the windows, lighting their way. Until they started down the basement stairs.
Nicole, carrying the camcorder, went last. She was already recording, keeping it as steady as she could. There was no telling whether or not it was for real, this time. If I was religious, like Christine, I’d be praying we don’t find anything. In her mouth, the taste of metal and dust.
Down in the cellar, more junk, illuminated only by the powerful flashlights Christine and Gil held up, while the two bigger men pulled aside debris in search of their quarry. A refrigerator with no door lay on its back, filled with bricks and broken cinder blocks. 
Piece by piece, Pete and Seth tossed the rubble to one side until they could see that nothing, nobody, was concealed inside. They tried to roll the old fridge, unable to budge it, taking more bricks out to lighten it. The air was thick with the smell of decay.
Christine moved in to help. “Gil, let’s give them a hand. Nicole, keep filming.”
The four of them rolled the refrigerator on its side, revealing a shallow hole, and a body wrapped in a dirty blanket. Pete reached forward and pulled open the makeshift shroud, revealing a pale, still face. “Nicole, make sure you’re getting this.”
She moved closer, looking through the viewfinder, the sour taste in her mouth growing stronger. Christine put one hand on Gil’s shoulder. “Aim for the center of the chest. Don’t rush it.”
Pulling the bolt thrower from his back, Gil stepped forward and aimed the weapon down at that motionless form. He looked over at the camera, at Nicole, his wife. She leaned away from the viewfinder, drawing strength from the moment of eye contact, hoping to do the same for him. 
Christine and Seth directed their lights at the body while Gil and Pete aimed the heavy weapons, holding them tight against their shoulders. Christine, barely audible, began her prayer for the dead.
Gil turned to look at Christine. “You sure about this?”
“No living human being would be lying motionless underneath all of that. Give him peace, Gil.” She resumed praying.
Gil fired, the heavy wooden projectile thudding into the body below. The vampire came to life very suddenly, even while dying, blindly swiping up at them with his nails and screaming wordless defiance. Pete fired a second bolt as Gil stumbled back.
The struggling figure in the hole, spotlighted from either side, grew still. His exposed face and hands shriveled into something that looked mummified. Pete prodded the body with the end of his bolt thrower. That final scream echoed in Nicole’s head for a long time, long after they’d covered the dead vampire with rocks and left the darkened cellar behind. 
 
Part I: The Antonites 
1
Nicole toggled the off switch on the projector, breathing hard. She remembered how the house had smelled, the darkness surrounding their flashlight beams. The film clip had no sound, because the microphone on that old camera hadn’t worked in years. Nevertheless, Nicole could hear Christine’s whispery, disquieting prayer, even after the movie was no longer playing on the living room wall. And that piercing scream at the end.
Pete turned on the overhead light. Nicole sank down next to Gil, finding his hand, wishing she’d allowed herself just one Zoloft. She glanced at their guest, a tall, stocky young man named Terry. The potential recruit. His eyes were avid, as if something inside him had caught fire. Last time, it had been a couple, who’d exchanged a look that suggested they’d seen better special effects during the midnight movie. They hadn’t been back.
Into the silence, Christine said, “That was taken five years ago. We don’t always have the chance to get such a clear recording. These creatures are out there, stalking the innocent by night, thirsting for blood. My late husband, Warren Anton, dedicated his life to destroying them.”
Christine held up a drawing. “This is Stephan Kiernan. Foremost among our enemies. He's a king vampire who rules over a little town called Kisco, South Dakota. You've never heard of the place, and that's just the way they like it. We mean to take him down. That’s one reason we’re increasing our numbers, Terry.” 
Nicole had seen the sketch before, but still had to bite her lip and look down to restrain wild, inappropriate laughter. Fangs like those of a large dog, and aside from that, it didn’t look much like Kiernan. She could have drawn a better likeness, even after seven years. 
But that would tear a big hole in the fabric of lies she'd constructed about her background, which held no place for her memories of sitting in a room full of vampires and their consorts, sipping from a wine glass, sometimes within a few feet of Stephan Kiernan as he conferred with members of his inner circle. 
Such as Nicole’s art teacher, Jeanette Moreau, the one vampire whose final death would bring her great sorrow. Moreau is in no danger from Christine’s group. And if she is? There’s no help for it. We’re enemies of the blood, now, me and Gil. It’s too late to go back.
“Kiernan is responsible for my husband’s death,” Christine continued. “I’d like to take a moment to pray for the soul of Warren Anton, who died as a result of doing God’s work. But also for that of Stephan Kiernan, who was once someone’s little boy.”
They bowed their heads. Once again, Nicole had to hold back laughter. Oh, I should definitely have taken that pill. She could imagine Kiernan’s reaction to having Christine Anton pray for his soul. 
Christine’s comments about her late husband also had a funny side. She’d left out a thing or two. Such as the secure mental health facility where Anton had been confined until his recent death from pneumonia. But If Christine wanted to put the ultimate blame for that on Stephan Kiernan, Nicole wasn’t going to argue.
—
Later that night, in bed, she held Gil tight and whispered, “We should get out of here. Hit the road, just the two of us. This isn’t going to end well.” 
He stroked her back, slowly, the way she liked. “Christine can’t get into the vampires’ stronghold without Grandpa Larson’s technology. I’m close to recreating the singularity, and once I do, we can go anywhere we want. We won’t be with this group forever, I promise.”
Nicole held her peace. Gil and Christine each had their obsession, unrelated on the surface, but they fed off each other. Christine had believed in Gil’s research from the beginning, had given him money for equipment when he and Nicole had nothing, and Christine herself didn’t have much more. She’d also helped Gil build a false identity for his life in the late twentieth century.
He sometimes referred to himself as a castaway on the shores of time. His real birth certificate, even if he’d had it, would have been useless. Gil was born in 1918, but as of 1996, he had lived through only twenty-five of the intervening years. He’d soaked up the technologies of the 1990s quite readily, and made decent money as a computer repairman. There was nothing to keep the two of them from striking out on their own. 
Nothing except his loyalty to Christine. I admire that, but it’s likely to get both of us killed. 
2
I woke in total darkness. My groping hand found Stephan’s shoulder, allowing me to orient myself. Fell asleep in the hidden room again. I reached for the shelf beside me, finding my battery-operated lantern and turning it on, wrapping the quilt around my bare shoulders against the chill as I looked around for my shirt.
The room was small, entirely enclosed by stone walls, which were broken only by ventilation holes near the ceiling. Stephan was lying on his side, facing me. Dead to the world.
I put my hand on his cheek, still flying high on the languorous ecstasy of his kiss. There was no danger of waking him. Not much warmer than the surrounding rock, in his deep sleep, and as motionless. So he would remain until sunset, and that would be a while.
I switched off the lantern and vanished from the room. Simultaneously, I appeared in my bedroom. A handy talent to have. Once I was dressed for the day, I stepped through space to my family home, landing in the grand foyer. It was a big old place, designed by my ancestor, Larson Smith, who imbued it with some very special properties. I have always believed that to be the source of my own unusual ability.
I found my cousin, Kevin, in the library. He was sitting at what used to be Grandpa Larson’s desk. Kev was eighteen, although his slender build and clear complexion made him look younger, despite having shot up to the unlikely height of just over six feet. Must have gotten that from his father’s side. The men in our family didn’t generally get that tall.
“Hey, cuz.”
“Renee!” He had that light in his eyes, the look he got when his creative brilliance was serving him, rather than running him around in circles as it often did. “I have to show you this. Come upstairs.” He took a moment to organize his papers into neat piles before getting up. 
Once, Larson’s ghostly image had haunted that library so persistently that nobody could have used it for their own work. Kevin, who’d spent years deciphering the technology left behind by our however-many-times-great-grandfather, had exorcised him. Not as arcane as it sounds. The ghosts we so often saw in that house were actually phenomena of Larson’s cotemporal field.
In the upstairs lounge, he motioned me to a seat and took one for himself. He held a device in one hand, something like a TV remote, but larger.
“How’s your mom, Kev?”
“I haven’t heard from her recently, but I’m sure she’s fine.” A few months earlier, Aunt Luann had moved into town to be with Greg, a man she’d met not long before that. He’d come to the house looking for his teenage daughter, Amber, and had found her there. But she was legally of age, and declined to go home with him. She had found love. 
Greg had poured out his heart to Luann, and she’d sympathized. Before long, he spirited her away, as if taking a woman from our family in place of the one we’d wooed away from his.
“Now, watch this.” Kevin pushed buttons and adjusted a dial. The far end of the lounge grew unfocused, as if a mist had settled over it. When it cleared, an upright piano sat against the wall, played by a woman whose back was to us. He turned another dial, and music filled the room. I recognized The Skaters Waltz.
“It’s Grandma Helene,” Kevin said in a low voice. Larson’s wife, who’d been the family matriarch for half a century after her husband’s disappearance. We sat and listened to the music, while the sunlight slanting through the windows illuminated the high ceiling and leaded-glass transoms above the doors on either side of the lounge. It was hard to tell where the illusory past left off and the reality of 1996 began; many things remained unchanged from that earlier time.
“I wish we could see her face. I don’t imagine you can get her to turn around.” Helene’s portrait, which hung on the wall beside Larson’s, made her look like a humorless woman. If I could see her as she was in life, I’d do a painting of my own. How would the music transform her features as she played?
He shook his head. “I’m just fishing for these images, coaxing them out of hiding.”
“Or back into the woodwork. I love the way you got rid of Larson, downstairs.” Every time I’d seen him, it had been like being plunged into a bad dream.
He gave me an arch look. “The way I got rid of Larson. I see.”
“I meant in the library.” I hadn’t meant for my answer to sound so sharp. The wound still stung when prodded, even after nearly a decade. I had nightmares about the day I shot Larson, killing him in the singularity that had been his life’s work. Where he’d tried to imprison me. Kevin looked down at his control console.
We heard footsteps, first on the stairs, then crossing the mezzanine. I turned, relieved to have the awkward moment interrupted. Amber, the household’s newest member, stood behind us, looking uncertain of her welcome. Still scared of me. What did I do? 
“Hi, Renee.”
“Hey, Amber. Come join us.” I waved a hand at one of the empty chairs. There were a lot of them. The house was designed to hold dozens of people.
“I heard the music. It’s beautiful.”
“I’ll see if I can get her to play another one,” Kevin said, fiddling with his dials. “Sometimes it takes a little coaxing.”
Amber gave me a shy smile. “So how’s your, um, how’s Stephan doing?”
“He’s fine. He sends his regards,” I said diplomatically. Stephan had visited the house once since Amber had moved in. He might remember who she was, or not.
Helene reappeared, playing Für Elise this time. Kevin sat back with a satisfied sigh.
“I saw the other one last night,” Amber said. “Marya. It’s spooky the way she can walk through the door, like one of the ghosts.”
I frowned. “What was she doing here?”
“I’m not sure. She kind of lives here, right?”
“Not really. She used to.” Before her premature transformation into a vampire, precipitated by her decision to slit her wrists in our front tub room.
I looked at Kevin, who said, “She drops by sometimes, just to hang out.”
We heard a heavier tread on the stairs. Uncle Jim came into view, grizzled and unshaven. None of us knew for sure whether he was my grandfather. Or Kevin’s, or both. Amber’s chair was generous in size, and neither she nor Jim was a big person, so he managed to squeeze in next to her. She took one of his hands and held it between her own.
They’d met online, in one of those chat rooms. Once Kevin brought a computer into the house, Jim took to it readily, despite being past sixty. The one time I’d mentioned the age difference between Amber and himself, he’d asked me how old Stephan was. Point taken. Although not quite the same thing, at least I didn’t think so.
How long before Amber notices Kevin, right there in front of her? Kind, funny, and brilliant, as well as rather handsome. And within a few months of her own age. Not that I wanted that to happen, necessarily. It could get awkward. But when would Kevin have a chance to meet someone, when he never went anywhere? He’d never talked to me about wanting that, but surely at some point, he would get lonely.
Then there was Marya. That was worrisome. I’ll talk to Stephan about it, once he wakes up.
—
“Don’t let her bite your cousin.”
Stephan was getting ready for his nightly duties as Lord of Abbey Keep. He took a cursory glance at his reflection in the full-length mirror near the entrance of our small, underground apartment. As usual, he looked ready to go for a brisk jog. He found athletic apparel practical, and had little concern for his appearance. I smoothed the hair at his temple.
“How am I supposed to stop her? Besides, I’m not sure she has anything like that in mind. Maybe she’s just enjoying her freedom. It’s got to be a relief for her to be past that seven-year restriction.”
“She’s seven years old. Of course she has that in mind.” When reckoning the ages of vampires, the years they spent before their change are not counted. “Perhaps you should advise your relatives not to make her welcome there. I get the impression they look to you for leadership, at least on certain matters.” 
Stephan found it frustrating that he could never quite identify who was in charge at the house. The Télèt, or vampires if you prefer, are very hierarchical. Now that Larson’s influence had waned, our family—what was left of it—was sinking into a kind of happy anarchy. “If your cousin wants to meet pretty vampire girls, bring him to the tower room and introduce him around. He’d be quite popular. But Marya is too young.”
“I did bring him, for his eighteenth birthday, don’t you remember? He was popular, all right.” Several of the Télèt women had approached him, making him nervous enough to duck into the restricted compound, which was forbidden to vampires. When he ventured out, Bernard cornered him. Inevitably. I went over and rescued him, but now, whenever I invited him back, he just said he’d seen it already. 
“I suppose he could come over and sit with us, and I could give them all a discouraging look, but that defeats the purpose. Keep an eye on the situation. I don’t trust her self-control. A fourteen-year restriction might be more appropriate, for girls who cut their wrists in a bathtub. I like Kevin, and I’d hate to see anything happen to him. Nor would I enjoy having to call judgment down on Marya.”
—
When I appeared in the back room of Moreau’s Gallery, it was dark and empty. The front part of the building, open to the public during unpredictable hours, was closed. At the foot of the stairs leading to the private living quarters, I knocked on the wall, since there was no door. “Hello?”
“Renee, come on up! No need to knock. You used to live here.” Moreau met me at the top of the stairway, leading me into the living room. 
I could hear Frederic, down the hall in his electronics workshop, a room that once held a set of bunk beds I’d shared with Nicole Travis. I didn’t even need to close my eyes to see her, to imagine that she was just around the corner; growing up in the house that Larson built had taught me to see ghosts.
Moreau wouldn’t want to hear me reminiscing about Nicole, not after the reports we’d both read. The Angels of the Kon Shandahr, enforcers of the Télèt, were mercilessly thorough in detailing her recent activities. Hers, and my cousin Gil’s. 
Moreau, sitting on the couch, beckoned to me and pointed to one of the comfortable old chairs. “So tell me what you’ve been up to.” 
“I’ve given up on trying to paint the fourth dimension. I still want to get back to those landscapes, though, when I find the time.” Jeanette Moreau was many things to me, but first and foremost, she was my teacher. “I wanted to talk to you about something else. Marya has been coming around my family’s house. I think she’s interested in Kevin. I’m worried about the situation, and talking to Stephan didn’t make me feel any better.”
“I can see the reason for concern. But, here’s another way to look at it. I wasn’t much older than she is now when I met Bernard.”
“Bernard,” I said flatly.
She gave me a cool look. “My point is, despite Stephan telling me I was too young for such a thing, I never indulged to such excess that he grew weak. Perhaps Marya wouldn’t, either. Aside from the question of whether Bernard was the wisest choice for me to make.” I’d once heard her refer to him as a youthful mistake, a remark she made me swear I would never repeat.
“I must concede he has a certain charm.” Let her make of that what she will.
From the next room, Frederic burst into song, mangling The Joker. “Some call him the gangster of loo-ove! Some people call him BER-narrd…” Frederic was a gifted quick-sketch artist, and had a knack for gadgetry, in addition to possessing a face like a movie star and a body to match. But he couldn’t carry a tune, and I didn’t feel he ought to try, lest he injure himself or someone else.
“Frederic, come out and be sociable. How often does Renee come to visit us?”
“I see you both all the time, at the Keep.” I wasn’t painting much, that was her real complaint. Once, the urge to create art had been a fever, heating my blood and taking control of my brain. For Moreau, it had been that way over a span of centuries. I hadn’t even lasted a decade before that consuming passion began to fade.
Frederic joined Moreau on the couch, putting his arm around her. She allowed her fangs to slip partway out of their sheaths. She was looking at her consort, but the gesture had an effect on me as well. I’d felt those break through the skin of my arm on more than one occasion. Sharing my blood with her was a spiritual experience, rather than erotic, the way it was with Stephan, or Sarah; but just as profound, and as powerful.
Then she retracted those sharp points, replacing them with a gentle smile that still occasionally reminded me of my third grade teacher, Mrs. Molina.
Frederic’s eyes took on a sleepy cast, half-lidded. If I hung around much longer, she was likely to bite him right in front of me. She’d been Stephan’s consort before me, many years ago, and so we were family.
“Bring your cousin around to see us,” Frederic suggested. “I don’t mind sharing. What do you think, Jeanette?”
“We don’t even know if that’s what the young man wants. Renee, if Kevin would like to meet some new people, why don’t you bring him to one of my open sessions? All kinds of nice girls from the college, boys too, for that matter. He doesn’t need to be able to draw. If he can sit still for a little while, we can use him as a model.”
It was a nice fantasy. I shook my head sadly. “All he cares about is his research. I don’t think I can get him to leave the house.”
3
There were six of them in the van. Nicole and Gil; Terry, the new guy; Christine, and the two who’d been with her the longest, Pete and Seth. Nicole was watching the back of Pete’s head as he drove. Christine’s strong right arm, and more. They’d been discreet about it while Warren Anton was still caught in his living hell of incarceration and madness. Now that he was dead, the two of them shared a bedroom openly.
Nicole didn’t give a damn about that. More power to both of them. But she and Pete knew a thing about each other, although they’d never discussed it. Something they had in common. There were tells, such as the way he sometimes said ‘catch that’ when he was agreeing with someone. Or his given name, Petr, not common among the general population. He was of the people, all right, the same as she was. The old folk. The Vieux. 
From one generation to the next, their people’s lives were intimately entwined with the world of the Télèt. They came from families that provided servants and consorts to the vampires, and inevitably, some of them became vampires themselves. Or their enemies, but that was the exception. Pete had never come to fully trust Nicole, even after seven years.
They drove slowly through a well-maintained residential neighborhood. Back in Arizona, the vampires they hunted were all bottom-feeders, solitary individuals who rarely lived long and were likely to die at the hands of their own kind. Doesn’t Christine realize that groups like hers are only tolerated as long as they do the Angels’ dirty work for them, preying on the dregs of vampire society?
Pete stopped the van, then backed into the driveway of a house with a neatly trimmed lawn. There were flowers growing in a carefully weeded border along the base of the vinyl siding. Nicole looked nervously up and down the street. She’d taken two pills, but they weren’t helping much.
Once the back doors of the van were open, Gil began playing with a device he held in both hands. Christine looked at her watch. “Gil, you have five minutes to get that garage door open, then we’re going around to the back. Remember, everyone, just act casual. We’re friends of the homeowners, and they’re expecting us. If anyone gets nosy, let me do the talking.”
“Lesbian vampires,” Terry’s cheeks were flushed, lips slightly parted in a smile that struck Nicole as lascivious.
“Two women,” Christine said. “One is believed to be a vampire. The other one is human, which means she’ll be awake. She may be armed, and willing to defend her mistress to the death. We have the element of surprise. If we can overpower her, she should be able to tell us where the resting place is.”
The overhead door slid open. The garage was empty. Pete backed the van inside, and Gil used his device to bring the door down again. They gathered in a circle, Christine and the men carrying bolt throwers over their shoulders, Nicole with her new VHS camera. 
Christine gestured toward the door leading into the house. “Pete, take the lead. Terry’s with you. Seth and Gil, guard our backs. Stay together. Room-to-room. It’s not a big place. If anyone’s in here, it shouldn’t take long to find them.”
Pete kicked the door once, with his heel, and it yielded without a struggle. It led into the kitchen, where he opened the refrigerator briefly, closing it without disturbing anything inside. Living room, two bedrooms, one set up as a home office. Some goddess-themed artwork that could have come from a Télèt cultural perspective, or a pair of pagans, or two women who appreciated the female form. Other than the door, there was no destruction. Pete and Seth checked any space large enough to conceal a human body; Terry followed their example.
They headed down a narrow flight of stairs. The basement was finished, laid out as a single large room. In the center of this, a coffin, black lacquer shining in the overhead fluorescents.
“Is this for real?”
Pete looked at Terry. “Looks like you’re not the only one who’s been watching too many Bela Lugosi movies.” 
“That’s not necessarily where she’s hiding,” Christine said. “Check out that fridge. It’s a little small, but I’d like to see what’s in there. Nicole, start recording, please.”
Through the viewfinder, she saw Terry open the minifridge and pull out a bag of sluggish red fluid, holding it up for the group to see. “There’s more of these in here.”
“Could still be a weird gag of some kind,” Pete said. “Colored corn syrup. If it isn’t a vampire, it’s two chicks with some serious issues. Let’s see what’s in that coffin.”
Nicole hung back. The coffin was a joke. None of the Télèt would sleep out in the open like that, leaving themselves so vulnerable during the day. But she recognized those bags. Her own blood had flowed into more than one of them, when she’d needed the money. They were distinctive, different than the ones used for medical transfusion. 
“You have a good angle for this, Nicole?” She leaned away from the camera long enough to give Pete a nod. He turned to address Terry. "I’ll see if I can open the lid. If she’s in there, there’s a chance she’ll be awake, and come out fighting. They’re incredibly fast and strong, the movies are right about that part. If this is the real deal, I want you to be the one to give her the coup de grace.”
“And may God have mercy on her immortal soul,” Christine added.
Pete pulled open the lid, taking a step back as he did so. A skeletal figure sat up suddenly, glowing eyes turned toward the camera, lower jaw moving up and down. A recording of maniacal laughter issued from a speaker mounted on the wall. Terry jerked up his bolt thrower but didn’t fire.
Pete moved forward to take a closer look. “Oh, for—”
That was when the weighted knives fell through the acoustic ceiling. One thudded into Pete’s shoulder, near the base of his neck, and a geyser of blood jetted out as the blade dislodged itself. Others hit the floor, one of them bouncing and striking Seth’s shin. With the blunt side, fortunately for him.
Christine moved forward and tried to stop the blood still flowing from Pete’s wound, but succeeded only in coating her hands and arms with it. The laughter continued until Terry stopped it by putting a bolt through the speaker. 
Christine stood up, face white and hands dripping red. “He’s gone. There may be other booby traps, so we’ve got to get out of here. We’re taking his body.”
“I think my ankle is broken,” Seth said. He sat on the floor, cradling it.
“I can get you out of here, buddy.” Terry reached down and offered Seth his hand.
“Yes, good, help him back to the van. The rest of you take the bolt throwers out there and leave them. Then come back to help me with Pete. See if you can find a blanket to wrap him in.” She sank back down to the floor, cradling the dead man’s head in her arms.
“I don’t like to leave you down here by yourself,” Terry said.
“Just go.”
4
“I’ve been praying.” Christine’s eyes were red, but she looked composed as she addressed the group. It was two days after the disaster. Seth’s x-ray had revealed no break, although he was still limping. Terry had moved in. Nicole had no idea what they’d done with Pete’s body. She was drifting painlessly, barely able to keep track of her limbs as she sat on the couch beside Gil. She had to remind herself to maintain an appropriately grave expression.
“I was arrogant. I thought I could handle things, the way I did in Arizona. I can’t. But I’ve been shown the way. Some of you may have heard of Joseph Gannon. People call him Papa, because he’s one of the founders of our modern movement. He’s agreed to come out of retirement and help us take down Stephan Kiernan and his foul nest of unnatural creatures. He’ll be here tomorrow. Seth, Terry, can I ask the two of you to share a room, so we can offer Papa Gannon one to himself?” Both of them nodded. 
“Thank you. His age and experience deserve our respect. I have a feeling we won’t be in Wisconsin much longer, anyway. Gil, how close are you to finishing your part of it?”
Gil met Christine’s eyes. “I need to get into my grandfather’s old lab. I’ve duplicated parts of what he did, but not all of it. I only had a few months to study the cotemporal technology when I was living there. I know how to make it work, once I get my hands on the portal.”
“You can get the team into Kiernan’s stronghold, like your granddaddy did. Do you foresee any difficulty with your family?”
“I don’t think it will be a problem. According to my uncle Jim, nobody has been in that lab since Grandpa Larson died back in ’89. My relatives at the house don’t have the key.” He held up an ornate box that looked like a cell phone designed by Jules Verne. “But I do.” 
—
Papa Gannon looked around the living room, making Nicole feel he was passing judgment, and not in their favor. His sturdy build and direct gaze left an impression of strength, in spite of his thinning white hair. 
“So what’s your plan? Once we get into that fortress of theirs, how do we stop it from going the way it did last time? Forgive me for speaking bluntly, Christine. Your husband got a dozen men onto the vampires’ property, and lost all but one of them. As far as we know, the only casualty on the other side was a young woman whose throat was cut. Like as not, she rose three days later. Our goal is to destroy vampires, not create new ones.”
Seth, the lone survivor of that expedition, was staring down at his shoes. The rest of them looked at Gannon. Christine’s expression was open, offering no defense of her late husband. 
The muscles around Gannon’s eyes relaxed, making him look less harsh. “My hat is off to him for getting inside their stronghold. That’s not a minor feat. But if we can do that again, we have to have more of a plan than just looking around for vampires to kill. They’ll be in hiding, deep underground, in unmarked graves. Meanwhile, their mercenaries—and, yes, even their concubines—are roaming the halls by day, ready to shoot anything that moves. But I have a plan.”
Gannon leaned forward and lowered his voice, as if they were in public and he was concerned about eavesdroppers. “I’m going to share it with you, but don’t discuss it outside this group. Not on the phone, not in an e-mail, not with anyone who’s not in this room. Dirty bombs. Do you know what those are?”
“Radiation, right?”
He nodded at Terry. “That’s correct. Vampires are very susceptible to it. Best case, it can kill them outright. If we contaminate their safehold with a few of those bombs, they certainly won’t be able to use it anymore. We may never know how many we’ve actually killed. But they’ll know we were there. The property is far enough from the nearest town that it shouldn’t pose a threat to the people there, many of whom are innocent. I can get those bombs. Frankly, if I couldn’t, I wouldn’t be here.”
He turned to address Gil. “You’re the one who can get us inside? Tell me how that works. What Christine told me, it sounded a bit incredible, if you don’t mind my saying so.”
Seth, speaking for the first time since Gannon’s arrival, said, “It works. I’ve seen it. Done it. It’s teleportation. You put on this vest, and the next thing you know, you’re inside their keep. But you’re right, sir, we really didn’t have much of a plan beyond that.”
Papa Gannon was still looking at Gil. “You can demonstrate this for me?”
“I have to get into my grandfather’s lab before I can actually teleport anyone. I do have a few things I can show you. Come down into the basement.” 
Gil led the way, and Nicole floated down the stairs behind Christine and the men. 
“This is the vest. I’ve made some improvements to the design, but it’s basically the same as what we used seven years ago. It maintains a four-dimensional link to the tunnel generated by the cotemporal field, and when the coordinates are set—”
Christine cleared her throat meaningfully. Gil paused and changed to a lower gear. “Anyway, I don’t mean to go on about the theory. Any of you that are interested, see me later, I’m happy to explain further. Here’s something I can show you.”
He took a small, boxy structure, constructed of pipes, from a shelf. “Let me make sure this has enough charge. It runs on batteries, but the full-scale apparatus is powered by sunlight. Seems appropriate, doesn’t it?” He grinned, in his element now, and picked up a wire cage containing a mouse. “I call this little guy Bram Stoker. Don’t worry, no harm will come to him.” He put the caged rodent inside the framework of pipes, and pushed a button. The cage vanished, mouse and all.
“You should work Vegas,” Gannon commented. 
Gil looked annoyed. “This isn’t some sleight of hand. I’ve moved him twenty-four hours into the future. If we fed him a meal right before I sent him on his way, and dissected the poor little fellow once he returns, we’d see the insides of a mouse that had just eaten. You’ll see. Come down here tomorrow after lunch. I won’t even need to come with you. Just don’t power off the portal, and Mr. Stoker will rejoin us, right on schedule.”
5
I stood next to Stephan in the tower room, feeling elegant but uncomfortable in my floor-length gown. I’m glad these visits of state aren’t too frequent. 
Our guests were strangers, not allies tied by blood. We were hosting them at the request of the Kon Shandahr hierarchy. These were refugees from a smaller vampire enclave, one that was under attack.
Leo Ranenewitz, as head of security, stood at Stephan’s other side. Just the three of us, to avoid outnumbering our guests. For once, Stephan was wearing a suit that wouldn’t have looked out of place in a corporate boardroom.
When the elevator opened and Johan Weiss strode out, accompanied by two others in a neatly choreographed entrance, I felt a stab of fear. I’d seen his picture, but it hadn’t included the large gold cross around his neck. It reminded me of surveillance photos I’d seen of Antonites and other enemies. But whatever else he was, Weiss was no vampire hunter. He was their prey.
Even if I hadn’t seen his photograph in advance, there would have been no mistaking which one he was. Bald-headed and stocky, he walked just ahead of the two flanking him. He had an unmistakable air of authority in his dark eyes, which contrasted with his pale skin. He walked up to Stephan and bowed his head in a rather perfunctory nod, breaking eye contact for only a moment.
“Lord Kiernan. We appreciate your hospitality.”
“Welcome, Lord Weiss. May I present Leo Ranenewitz, the marshal of our keep’s defenses. And my consort, Renee.”
Leo and I each made our manners, bobbing our heads and greeting Lord Weiss. He introduced his two lieutenants, one male and one female. I had a strong feeling they were both Télèt, although Weiss and his followers didn’t use that term. 
“We will not impose on you overlong, Lord Kiernan. Only until we get our ladies settled, then I’ll take my men and my vampires back to Ohio to finish this fight. It will be a great load off our minds knowing they are safe.”
“Please accept the hospitality of Abbey Keep long enough to rest, before going back into battle. Renee will show your ladies where they’ll be staying.”
In theory, I was in charge of the women’s side of the restricted compound. Lena Ranenewitz had been running the place long before I ever got there. Working together, the two of us got our visitors settled in. Lena stayed down there to socialize with them, while I headed back to the tower room, still irritated at having to wear the dress for the rest of the evening. It had long sleeves, and a high neck, concealing the bite marks that any reasonable person would know I had. 
I sat on a couch with a good view of the room, watching our guests. A couple of the Christian women came upstairs, wearing dresses like the one Stephan had given me for the occasion. They were consorts of the church, rather than being bound to a particular protector or family. Their custom permitted them to offer their blood as they wished. And all of their vampires were about to leave. Bernard will have a field day, and he won’t be the only one.
Normally, on these formal occasions, the youngest of the Keep’s vampires would circulate with trays of zalika, a beverage that could be enjoyed by warmblood and Télèt alike. It was against the beliefs of our guests to drink it, so we’d set up a beverage table with a variety of choices—zali and wine, coffee and tea, including that foul-smelling brew favored by the hemovores. 
My friend Cat came to sit beside me. Leaning close, she murmured, “I don’t suppose they’ll be covering any Patrol shifts.”
“Probably not.” As her squad leader, I had to admit Cat wasn’t my most gung-ho Patroller. 
“Ahmad had better stay away from them, that’s all I can say. Watch out, Renee, they’ll swarm around our ruling lord like flies drawn to the scent of honey.”
Interesting. How would I feel if Stephan decided to try a taste of Christian blood, up close and personal? “I don’t think it would bother me. They’ll all be going back to Ohio anyway, once the fighting there is over.”
Cat settled back to watch the crowd with me, happy to let the conversation lapse, which was one of the reasons I liked hanging out with her. For a time, it looked like things would remain calm. Then we heard raised voices over by the fire pit. 
From what I could hear, they were arguing about religion. I heard the term “pagan idolaters” from the male vampire who’d arrived with Weiss, and some reference to “self-hating servants of the tortured god” from none other than Cat’s sweetheart, Ahmad. 
The two of them backed away from each other, creating more than conversational distance. I rose to my feet like a spectator at a sporting event.
Ahmad and the Christian locked eyes. I could almost see the lines of energy that now connected them. A hali-ki dominance conflict. It was against the rules—the rules of Abbey Keep, Stephan’s rules, although it was different at Weiss’s home enclave. I’d only seen this twice before. It went on for two or three minutes, although it seemed longer. 
Weiss’s lieutenant dropped his eyes, staggering, as if from a blow. Ahmad took a step toward him, then looked apprehensively around at the watching crowd. They weren’t paying attention to him for long, because on the opposite side of the fire, Stephan and Weiss were now exchanging words, gesturing at one another in a way that didn’t look friendly. 
There had been some murmuring while the hali-ki was in progress, possibly bets being placed, but now the room fell silent. We were all wondering if the two leaders would face off as well. That was the exception to the rule; any vampire could lawfully challenge Stephan for his place as Lord of the Keep.
Weiss looked down for a moment, not in defeat, but in grudging acknowledgement of his host’s authority. 
“I guess my sweetie is in trouble now.” Cat gave me a beseeching look. I answered her with the pained expression Stephan gave his subordinates, when they made an inappropriate request. She sighed and looked at the floor. 
Ahmad would spend some time patrolling the remote end of the property, spending his days in an unimproved cave and subsisting on the blood of whatever animals he could catch, forbidden from approaching the Keep or its inhabitants. Two weeks was my guess, depending on his demeanor when Stephan gave him his marching orders.
“Oh, well. I’m glad he won, at least.” 
“I know you’ll miss him, Cat. With any luck, by the time he gets back, all these extra women will be back where they belong.”
6
Nicole refused to sit in the back of the van during the long trip to South Dakota. Even in the middle seat, she and Gil were too close to the six ugly little boxes Papa Gannon had provided. I’m not sure I’d ever want to bring a child into this life. It might not be fair or kind to do so, but I’d prefer to keep my options open. Gannon had said there was no danger, no radioactivity, until the bombs were detonated. However, he was sitting up front, with Christine.
When they pulled into the rest stop, Nicole headed for a the edge of a wooded area, hungry for a few minutes of solitude and the chance to be close to nature. She sat at a picnic table, facing the trees. Terry Howe came over and sat across from her, munching on a bag of chips. He held it out to her. She shook her head.
“I heard some interesting things from Pete, back before he, well, you know.” Terry was looking at her intently. “About where he grew up. Vampires all over the place. He said you might know something about that?”
Nicole wasn’t happy Pete had died, but she’d hoped it would at least mean an end to his suspicious way of looking at her. It appeared that had outlived him. “They were around.”
“Any of them ever bite you?”
“God, no. We had to give them our blood, but the nurse took it with a needle. Kind of like the Red Cross, except you know it’s going to end up as somebody’s dinner. Some soulless creature, I mean.” She smiled at him. She hadn’t been able to get much past Pete, because he was from too close to home. This guy, Terry, was new to all of it. “Excuse me. I have to hit the can before we get back on the road.” 
As the van rejoined the stream of traffic, Nicole closed her eyes and pretended to doze off so she wouldn’t have to talk to anyone. She was so tired of all these lies, but they’d view her with even more mistrust if they knew about the one time she’d let Bernard Moreau sample her blood. 
Shouldn’t it count in my favor that I hated it? There had been some pleasure, yes, but it was like something imposed from outside herself. Cold, artificial, alien. Something he was making her feel. Not like the pure, honest enjoyment she felt making love to Gil, two warm bodies completing each other. 
She didn’t feel at home among the Antonites. Nor would she be welcome among her own people, not anymore. You didn’t turn against the protectors, the providers. The Vieux didn’t have much, but they knew they’d always have enough, because of the Télèt. 
And if the vampires took a few of the daughters and sons from each generation, what of it? These young adults were not abducted. They went along more than willingly. Some of them would outlive their brothers and sisters who chose a more conventional life, and the children of those siblings, and their grandchildren. Others would die young. That was a risk they chose to take.
Except how much of a choice could it be, when you were eighteen, or twenty-three, and you were seduced away by someone hundreds of years old, who knew exactly what to say? Who could offer wealth and leisure in exchange for hardscrabble poverty? Someone you’d been brought up to revere?
—
In the front seat, Joseph Gannon kept his eyes on the road ahead. It was too late for regrets, but he hoped he’d see his daughter again. Dianne, the only one still remaining to him. Cancer had taken his wife some years ago, insidious and evil as any vampire. As for Bridgette, his older girl, he could only hope that she was dead as well. 
Or, is it possible that she ran off with a boy? Bridgette hadn’t been grabbed off the street. Some of her personal things were gone, as if she’d packed for a brief trip. Was I such a harsh father, that she couldn’t have come to me for my blessing? 
Maybe the secret lover had been Black, or perhaps he’d been a she. It was true, he wouldn’t have welcomed either of those possibilities. Now he cherished the thought that she was off raising café-au-lait babies somewhere, or riding on the back of a motorcycle behind some muscle-bound woman. Or whatever those people did.
Deep in his heart, Gannon knew the vampires had taken her. She’d been forbidden to be out after dark, and for good reason, but Bridgette had been a self-willed child. They’d lured her out of the house, tricked her somehow. That had only been the opening shot in their war against his organization. Six months later, his men were all dead or fled, his finances in ruins. Nothing left, except him and Dianne, his good girl. Why had he been permitted to live? He could only assume it was to mock him.
It wasn’t Kiernan who’d taken almost everything from him; it was that bitch-queen Sigrun Torgensen. One undead monarch was much the same as another, as far as Gannon was concerned. Kiernan could be made to pay for some of it. Not all, the final death of every vampire in the world could not do that, but there would be a reckoning.
And if he died? Dianne was safe with her grandparents, where he’d sent her before starting out on this journey. If he died, at least there would be no more nights when he’d wake and look to his window to make sure Bridgette wasn’t there, face pale as milk and teeth sharp as needles, begging her papa to let her in. 
—
“You can park in the barn.” Gil gazed out the van window at the house where he’d spent his first eighteen years. People say your childhood house will look smaller than you remember it, but it’s still enormous. “Let me go talk to them first, and make sure of my welcome.”
He crossed the yard, which had been trimmed short. What grew there was a mix of weeds and prairie grass rather than a proper lawn. The family hired someone to mow it once or twice a year. In his day, they’d done it with scythes. We were never meant to leave. And now, I’m back.
The front door had recently been stripped and refinished, giving it a mellow, satiny glow. Gil touched the ancient wood, glad of being able to feel its texture. He pressed the doorbell. The chime sounded, and he could see the foyer inside, as if that thick slab of wood were transparent; the dark wooden panels, the mirrors, the mezzanine overlooking that big, empty area.
A curtain moved in the window next to the door. A young woman peered out, a stranger to him, scowling unpleasantly.
He gave her a friendly wave. Come on, open the door, whoever the hell you are. I can charm a smile out of you. That, and an invitation to come in. I belong here. You don’t.
The door didn’t open, not right away. When it did, old Jim was standing just inside, pointing a shotgun at Gil. “You’re not welcome here. Why don’t you move along.” Close behind him stood Kevin—could that really be him, the little boy who’d idolized his cousin Gil?
Not so little, anymore. Kevin could almost have rested his chin on top of Jim’s head.

About the author:
Katherine X. Rylien began writing fiction as a teenager, in spiral-bound notebooks (her teachers assumed she was taking notes). She completed the first draft of Blood Relations, recounting the early life of Renee Cadieux-Smith, in 1980. Over the next decade, she wrote two sequels, Vicissitudes and Revisitations.

Forty years later, after a plethora of other adventures, Katherine took these hand-written manuscripts down from the attic during the Covid-19 pandemic. 2020 saw a complete rewrite of all three volumes, with considerable revision for style and detail, yet Renee’s story is essentially unchanged. In the process of preparing the trilogy for publication, Katherine became convinced that there was a forth book in the series—her answer to the question, “What happens next?” 

If you enjoy her work, she'd love to hear from you at katherine.rylien@gmail.com. Or connect on Facebook. She rarely turns down a friend invite, unless it’s that rich, lonely widower whose backstory is so suspiciously lacking in detail ;-)

For a complete, current listing of Katherine’s titles, please visit her Goodreads author’s page. 

