Breaking Interstellar
Android Lives Matter!
Smashwords Edition:   Copyright 2016   Michael Tobin
All rights reserved. No part of this ebook may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise) without the prior permission of the publisher, except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review to be printed by a newspaper, magazine, or journal.
All characters in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this ebook and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents (book one)
Prologue:     In the beginning!
Chapter 1:    Asteroid hunters!
Chapter 2:    Thruster repair
Chapter 3:    Working in space
Chapter 4:    Taming an unruly asteroid!
Chapter 5:    Bag and tag!
Chapter 6:    Kara lassos herself a space heart!
Chapter 7:    Doctor Max
Chapter 8:    Android Carter
Chapter 9:    Kindred spirits
Chapter 10:  Space station
Chapter 11:  Nuclear ambitions gone wild!
Chapter 12:  Captain Nyla!
Chapter 13:  Clench-fisted lightning bolts!
Chapter 14:  Bad news everyone!
Chapter 15:  Attack on Higgs-Boson Airfield!
Chapter 16:  Nyla’s delicate condition
Chapter 17:  Heavy-lifters & upgrades
Chapter 18:  Scientific equipment
Chapter 19:  The Great Blue Hole!
Chapter 20:  Rockets into the night!
Chapter 21:  Bon Voyage!
Chapter 22:  Voyage to the moon!
Chapter 23:  Payne and Faraday
Chapter 24:  Motherships!
Chapter 25:  Man of the fisted flag
Chapter 26:  Good news! Bad news!
Chapter 27:  Home Sweet Home!
Chapter 28:  Rod from god!
Chapter 29:  The dastardly con-job!
Chapter 30:  Coming in hot!
Chapter 31:  Things get even hotter!
Chapter 32:  Slipping quietly into the night
Chapter 33:  Gravity Waves!
Chapter 34:  Brave little thieves!
Chapter 35:  Interstellar wheeling and dealing!
Chapter 36:  Long voyage at nears-end
Chapter 37:  Cosmic elbow in the face!
Chapter 38:  Look out below! Here we come!
Chapter 39:  New human Lives, new best friends!

In the beginning!
The night was eternal. .... especially towards the end! .... Not a creature was stirring, not even a quark! .... There was no room for anything .... no room for dimensions, no room for space, no room for time.... no room for squat!
Then, quite suddenly, out of the tiniest speck of nothingness imaginable, a searing flash of pure energy detonated in a relative way!
Some theorize this came about from a hyper-massive black hole in another universe, tearing its own space-time-fabric and belching out a gargantuan energy-burst into a void that would then become our universe.
We humans call this phenomenon the big bang. It may have been what has since become known, as a white-hole detonation. Producing the polar-opposite effect of what is known of a black hole’s influence on electromagnetic radiations and matter, in this universe.
With an inflationary phase estimated to be faster than a trillionth of a second, this infinitely hot, infinitely dense bubble of energy expanded much, much faster than the speed of light, which is really fast! Along with it, came the four fundamental forces of Mother Nature.... Gravity, electromagnetism and the strong and weal nuclear forces.
Electromagnetic radiation can travel about 670-million-mph in a hard vacuum; or about 16-billion-miles a day! If light were forced to travel in circles, it could circumnavigate our planet, nearly eight-times every second! In our universe, it’s the fastest kid on the block. Nothing with mass, can hope to keep up.... without cheating.
However, this fantastic speed of inflation was only allowed due to a quirk of nature. This quirk, is that the fabric of space-time can exceed the speed of light under specific conditions, carrying whatever’s in its grip along for the ride. The energy waves from the big bang, rode upon the very fabric of space-time that unfurled in infinite directions just ahead of the energy pulse.
Within its powerful grip, it dragged not just the energy but also some of the dimensions such as depth, width, height, time and possibly more. Within this universe, everything that is or ever shall be, began its incredibly long journey before that first baby-second of time was even out of the delivery room!
That stupendously violent detonation may have very well been mute. Quite possibly without even the slightest whimper, the universe came into existence. This quiet-big-bang as it were, would have been due in large part because an elastic medium for propagating sound waves had not yet developed.
Later, it would be said that in the vacuum of space, no one can hear you scream. This quaint analogy may have never been more accurate than at the beginning of everything!
Within the first ten seconds or so of our still expanding but ever-cooling universe, many critical epochs came into being as the energy of the detonation raced away from the scene of the crime. Some of these included the anti-matter epoch, Higgs-Boson epoch, Quark epoch, and Lepton epoch. Each, consisting of subatomic particles that are major players in the development of all we see, and don’t see, taking place around us this very moment!
Of these shiny new sub atomics, perhaps none was more important than the presence of the almighty Higgs-Boson! This subatomic particle is often referred to as the ‘God particle’. From this enigmatic particle, which engages with other types of particles and electromagnetic radiations, causing them to slow down and gain mass, all other building blocks of matter can come into existence.
With the power of the four fundamental forces of nature that arrived along with the big bang, (gravity, electromagnetism, the strong and weak nuclear forces), these subatomic particles went on to form the atoms and elements that make up our bodies today. Quarks are the building blocks of neutrons that make up the atomic nucleus, and also the protons that orbit that nucleus.
Leptons formed into the ubiquitous electrons that also orbit the nucleus of atoms, and are fundamental for our body’s very ability to live and function.  Also, our fancy electronics wouldn’t work so well without them either. In fact, our bodies, including the musculature, heart, and gray matter, could never function without these electrons and their ability to easily flow from one atom to the next.
This flow of electrons, we know of as electric current. Without it, our hearts could not beat, our brains could not think, our eyes could not see, and our electronic gadgets could not function! Three cheers for the minuscule atom, electrons and electromagnetism that we hold so dear! Without electromagnetism.... atoms and everything else, would simply fall apart and dissolve, as if they never were!
A brief and violent war of annihilation occurred in the first seconds between these particles of matter and what would later become known as anti-matter. This conflict released yet another tremendous wave of energy into the expanding universe.
Luckily for us, for about every thirty-million-collisions of matter and anti-matter, there was one tiny particle of regular matter left over. This surplus of particles added up, and was enough to build our universe, and our home planet that we enjoy so much!
The detectable matter in our early universe was mostly an uneven distribution of dense hydrogen clouds that formed an immense tapestry of nebulas. These expansive nebula clouds were suspended throughout space on scaffolding, or webbing, composed of a mysterious dark matter.
At first, these spectral clouds of hydrogen atoms were void of any real form or purpose, but they soon began to accrete due to uneven distribution and electromagnetism. This electrical force along with gravity and the nuclear forces, attracted the hydrogen atoms, clumping them into spheres.
Without that first uneven distribution of matter, electrical-attraction and gravity may have never been able to take hold, forming all we see around us today.
Gravity is more a curvature in the fabric of space-time than it is an actual force. Everything that has mass, including ourselves, creates gravity. As a mass, this sphere of hot dense atoms puts a divot in the local space-time fabric, and anything nearby simply falls into the dent. The greater the mass, the deeper and wider the dent!
After considerable hydrogen atoms, have fallen into this dent and compressed into a dense sphere due to gravity and electromagnetism, the core at the center, heats and heats until suddenly; critical mass occurs! Followed closely by a thermonuclear-fusion chain-reaction on an astronomic scale.
Within the core of the hydrogen-sphere, nuclear fusion joins hydrogen atoms together, creating helium atoms. This process produces a huge energy byproduct that tries to blow the star to bits! However, the grand master of our universe; gravity, keeps the outward pressures of that chain-reaction in check, creating a balance. Thusly.... a STAR is born! Three cheers for gravity! Except for when it’s breaking our ass!
Our star Sol, fuses approximately 700-million-tons of hydrogen atoms together every second, to form 695-million-tons of helium atoms. The 5-million-tons difference, amounts to the pure-energy released during the nuclear fusion process. These energies consist of the entire spectrum of electromagnetic radiations of which visible light is just a very tiny fraction.
Some of the same helium atoms that were created inside of stars, helps to power modern day society’s lighter-than-air party balloons, along with other helium atoms that were produced here on earth through radioactive decay. Three cheers for stars, and the parties they enhance!
What came first.... the chicken or the egg? Wait, I’m getting ahead of myself. What came first.... the galaxy or the super massive black hole at its heart? One logical theory is that of direct collapse. The nebulas of hydrogen gas during the early star-forming epoch, had regions within that were much, much denser than the surrounding neighborhood.
With all that food, gravity gone wild, pigs-out on a grand scale. In a relatively short time, that part of the cloud collapsed directly into a black hole, rudely bypassing the star formation phase. With so much to eat, they gorged and gorged until their status as being ‘massive’ took hold very quickly!
Contrary to modern belief, super-massive black holes didn’t become massive, by eating salads! From the get-go, they were the 400-pound-gorillas in the room. The normal critical-mass and thermonuclear-detonation-phase of a star’s birth was just a muted flash-in-the-pan for these behemoths!
Gravity gone wild, overcame any chance for normal star formation, as more and more hydrogen atoms were sucked into the seemingly bottomless maelstrom. Suffocating and burying any attempt of nuclear reaction; threatening to rip the very fabric of space-time itself!
These heavyweights put such a strain on the fabric of our space-time, that only the tougher inter-universal fabric can maintain integrity between adjacent universal boundaries. At least most of the time....
Around these astronomical-anchors, stars in the neighborhood began to gather in orbits, due to the irresistible gravitational-authority. Many wandered too close, becoming tasty morsels for the insatiable monster at the center. Even to this very day they do!
Many stars didn’t become snacks, and instead formed into delicate orbits around the massive black hole. Cosmic poetries in motion they were! Then, a modicum of orderliness and beauty, began to take form all along this intricate webbing of space-time, dark-matter and gravity. Soon.... a galaxy is born! Three cheers for galaxies! Especially, the one we lovingly call the Milky Way.... and home!
Our galaxy, like most, has a super-massive black hole at its heart. Our black hole is called Sagittarius ‘A’ Star, and has approximately 4-million-times the mass of our own star, Sol. Now, that sounds like a lot of mass, and it is, but the term super-massive in this case, is the epitome of being relative. In physical size, our super massive black hole is a puny runt when compared to the immensity of the galaxy!
Please, consider this: If our ‘galaxy’ were scaled down to the size of the Earth, and our ‘solar system’ were scaled down to the size of a compact disk, our ‘super-massive black hole’ would only be about the size of a BB of extremely condensed yesterdays! Yet it warps the fabric of space-time far beyond the 26,000-lightyears distance we are away from it.
When compared to the vast expanse of the universe, it truly is the size of a sub-subatomic particle! Or even tinier.... What does that say about our size in comparison? If it were in the place of our sun, the event horizon might extend to somewhere between the orbits of Mercury and Venus. Also, the singularity at the center would be much, much smaller than that! Perhaps, even too small to be quantifiably measured!
Moreover, it’s estimated to rotate on its axis, once every 11-minutes! That’s so very fast, that the human mind has a tough time getting a grip on the contemplation. The math involved, gives Steven Hawking a horrific migraine, and an average person a brain hemorrhage!
Sagittarius ‘A’ Star, along with considerable influence from mysterious dark matter, maintains an iron grip on all the other 300-billion or so stars in our galaxy. Not to mention all the other junk; which includes billions of much smaller, stellar-mass black holes that span the slightly more than 100,000-lightyear-diameter of the Milky Way.
Many of these stellar-mass black holes are nomadic in nature. They’re wandering vagabonds, eating everything in their path. In fact, a brilliant astrophysicist and inventor, once analogized that; ‘black holes are such voracious eaters, they sometimes eat like the cookie monster; often much of what they eat, doesn’t always end up inside. A lot of it gets spit back out’! .... When encountering an overabundant food source, these greedy eaters bite more than they can chew!
From each polar region, intense gamma-ray-bursts of indigestible cosmic-rays issue forth; and a Quasar black hole is born! They’re a very beautiful phenomenon when seen from the far distance, but within the death-beam, not so much! Many Quasars produce such intense beams of energy, they can be seen clear across the observable universe, and can easily smite anything that gets in the way for many thousands of lightyears!
There are also billions of nomadic planets throughout the galaxy. Orphans, that were cast out of the family nest and into the endless void beyond. Worlds without purposeful direction, but with lots of velocity.
As star’s age and die, they lose their grip on many orbital bodies they once controlled. These planets are flung off into space like undesired stepchildren. Or massive gas giant planets, collect and fling smaller brothers and sisters into slingshot maneuvers that don’t end so well for the one being flung!
Gravitational micro-lensing indicates that there are more planets bound to stars, than there are stars in the galaxy. No big surprise there. However, it has since been theorized, that there are also more planets not bound to stars, than there are stars in the galaxy! A very scary thought; as these many wondering orphans, cruise the frigid darkness just waiting to ruin someone’s day!
It takes about 240-million-years for our star to drag the Earth and its siblings once around Sagittarius ‘A’ star. In fact, our solar system has only made about one-third of an orbit since the dinosaurs went extinct!
Furthermore, Earth has only been around the block about 20-times, since its formation some 4.5-billion-years-ago. In addition to all of that, the galaxy itself is moving through space at about 1.5-million-mph when compared to extragalactic frames of reference.
It’s estimated that there are more than 2-trillion galaxies in the observable universe! Probably much more. That covers a distance of about 47-billion-lightyears from earth, in all directions. How can that be, one might ask? The universe is only 13.8-billion-years-old. How can light travel that far in such a short time, one might ponder!
Due to the expanding nature of space-time, light is able to travel further than what might seem natural. When space-time expands, it drags everything along for the ride. Space-time can expand much much faster than the speed of light!
In all those galaxies, reside an estimated 100-octillion stars! That’s a 100, followed by 27-zeros! More stars than all the grains of sand on all of Earth’s beaches! Also, space is ever-expanding. Galaxies are moving away from everything else in all directions; and the expansion is only accelerating!
A mysterious force called dark energy may be the culprit for this accelerated expansion, but nobody actually knows for sure. Observations beyond the far edges of our known universe, may be physically impossible, due to this dark energy expanding space-time faster than the speed of light! In this way, preventing light from beyond that edge from ever reaching us. This will eventually make some galaxies disappear from our methods of observation altogether.
All this matter; the stars, black holes, gas clouds, yadda yadda yadda.... only accounts for roughly 5% of all the normal matter in the universe. That would be about one-proton of matter, per every four-cubic-meters of volume.
In other words, there is not only a lot of space in outer space, but also a lot of space between the atoms too! We live in a hollow universe! The rest is theorized to contain approximately 27% dark matter and 68% dark energy.
Nobody really understands the makeup of these two ghostly enigmas, except that dark energy is what may be causing our universe to accelerate its expansion, and dark matter seems to be a ghostly source of gravity, that’s trying to keep the universe glued together. Dark energy has apparently won the battle for control of how the universe will play out. In the end, it is likely that the cosmos will expand endlessly, becoming a cold, dark, and very lonely place!
When a star of sufficient mass reaches the end of its fuel, it can no longer fight the battle with gravity. Without enough outward force to overcome gravity, the star collapses into what remains of its core material.
This collapse is so violently fast, that it can exceed one-third the speed of light, as the core is mercilessly crushed! Almost instantaneously, this collapse is accompanied by an equally violent rebound, known as a supernova explosion, or detonation.
Some stars are so large (20 or so, solar masses) that the event crushes the core material into an ultra-dense neutron star, or its close cousin, the scary magnetar. These crushed stars are perhaps only 10-miles-in-diameter but weigh many times more than our sun! While, super-massive stars with perhaps 50 or more times that of our sun, often collapse directly into what is known as a solar-mass black hole when they die.
Some stars bypass the supernova phase altogether! When their fuel expires, they collapse directly into a black hole in what some have named a non-nova. The star simply blinks out; and is gone.... but not gone! No flash, no beautiful light show, just a black gravitational abyss, waiting to gobble everything within reach!
This is a place where the laws of physics break down, time stops, and gravity is so strong that not even light can escape from beyond the event-horizon that surrounds the singularity. They are not massive enough to rule a galaxy, but powerful enough to disrupt everything in our solar system, if one were to wander through.
No matter what size the supernova, the process of a star’s death creates the other elements that are heavier than hydrogen. Hydrogen fuses to create helium, helium into beryllium, then theirs carbon and oxygen.... etc. etc.
Each of those newly created elements, use the ashes of the previous, as fuel to keep the star alive. When a normal-sized star reaches a point where it’s fusing iron, it can no longer produce enough energy to fight against gravity. Many of them go supernova; spreading iron and lighter than iron elements, into space.
Elements heavier than iron take much higher temperatures and pressures to create. These conditions can be found in truly massive stars that might weigh 50 or more times that of our star. As a star burns through all these different elements, it forms a kind of layer cake before exploding them out into space. This can happen even if the detonation results in a black hole.
It’s also theorized that elements such as gold or heavier, take such enormous temperatures and pressures to create, that only colliding neutron stars or black holes can achieve such a feat. There isn’t so many colliding heavy hitters as there are regular supernovae, and that’s perhaps why gold and heavier elements are so very rare in our universe.
All the elements that eventually accreted from this soup-mix of stardust, formed the earth and everything else, such as the iron in our blood or the calcium in our bones, including all the other elements that make up our bodies! The atoms that make up these elements are the very same ones that came out of the process of the big bang.
Our bodies are literally made of material that’s as old as the universe itself! We, and all living things on Planet Earth are quite literally, children of the stars! The atoms and elements in our right hand may have come from different stars than the atoms and elements in our left hand!
One of the most interesting phenomena in all of nature, is that of time itself. Time is what allows everything in the universe to interact. Without time, there could be no movement. Not even light would be able to propagate across the cosmos.
Time is a kind of governor; it keeps everything from happening all at once. It’s a spatial lubricant whose flow can be altered when in the presence of gravity and velocity.
It has been proven, both mathematically and physically, that velocity and gravity will slow time when they are increased. So, this ‘governor’ can be manipulated under certain conditions, but is most noticeable when approaching the velocity of light; sometimes known simply as ‘c’.
Time passes slightly ‘faster’ on GPS satellites, as compared to time here on the planet. This is because the satellites are in much less of a gravitational field, than when they were sitting on the launch pad, and this counteracts any effects from the velocity increase, for maintaining a geostationary orbit.
Conversely, time passes minutely ‘slower’ for the astronauts on the international space station, when compared to an earthly clock. This is because, while they are in much less gravity, the stations tremendous velocity of over 17,000-mph, overrules the micro-gravity; and the time dilation swings in the opposite direction.
Without correction of this time-dilation, our GPS system would be useless! We would be instructed to make turns too early, because the space clock was running a tiny bit faster than earth-bound clocks!
Using a more robust time-dilation example, let’s say that you wanted to time-travel into the future. Simply, get into a really fast spaceship, and travel 99.99% the speed of light for about 3½ years by the ships clock, then turn around and come back at the same velocity.
When you arrive home, a little over 500-years would have passed for everybody there, while you would have aged only about 7-years. That’s roughly five-minutes, for each of their full days!
At the speed of light, or inside the event horizon of a black hole, it’s theorized that the time-dilation is so severe, as to cause time to stop altogether!
Now, as for the chicken and egg paradox.... please ponder this:
“There was once a young chicken named Bright, who could lay eggs faster than light. She laid some one day in a relative way, and they hatched the previous night!” Three cheers for time! May we never run out of it!
Asteroid hunters!
“Sohn Space Systems; this is skipper Jonas of the good ship SS Minnow; do you copy?”
“Hey skipper; this is Grumby at Mars Mission Control; it’s been awhile; how may I assist?”
“Hey Grumby! I hope all is well, little buddy! I’m just touching-base to inform that we’ve found our final space rock and are about to spank it with braking-rockets. So, if you don’t hear from us in an hour, send help good chum; over.”
Laughing hollowly, Jonas knows that he and crew are about to perform the most dangerous part of capturing any asteroid; taming its blasted tumbling! Something the big boulders really, really hate!
“Copy that skipper; good luck to you and brave crew; don’t forget to keep the transponders pinging, just in case; and like always.... we’ll leave a light on for you; over.”
“Thanks, Grumby old pal!  Being that this is our last venture into the asteroid belt, I appreciate the lighthouse beacon. Lots of space dust movin in!  I wouldn’t want to flounder on the asteroids, just as we’re about to enjoy those Earthly beaches! over.”
“No prob my friend, except you’re making me jealous; I’ve got two more years out here! Well.... see you when you pull into port. Good luck and don’t get shipwrecked for crying out loud!  Grumby, out.”
“Catch you on the flip-side, Grumby!  Skipper Jonas, also out!” He ends with a haunting laugh....
Between the orbital paths of Mars and Jupiter, an asteroid belt orbits the sun. While this region of space is sometimes depicted as being a crowded neighborhood, it’s actually very-thinly populated. It’s estimated that the total mass of all the asteroid material, would only add up to about 4% that of our moon.
Many spacecrafts have traversed this region of space without even one unplanned asteroid encounter. The three main types of asteroids are based mostly on their composition. Carbonaceous types are the most abundant, followed by silicate, and then the rarer, metallic asteroids. In the year 2203, it’s the latter of these types that’s of the most interest to humanity.
“Grumby! Grumby! .... This is the Minnow! Come in Grumby! .... Repeat, this is the Minno-”
The transmission breaks bad!
“Hello? .... Hello? .... Skipper Jonas?  Grumby here! .... Hello? .... Jonas... Grumby here!  Please repeat last transmission! .... Last transmission got sunk!  Hello? Hello?”
Deathly silence, from the unforgiving frozen depths of outer space....
A large mass of mostly iron and nickel, slowly tumbles along on its ancient orbital path around our star, Sol. It manages to orbit about once every 7-years. The large boulder has been tumbling through space for billions of years, completing about one full roll on its axis every ten-minutes or so.
It gradually gains mass whenever rock or dust, falls into its miniscule gravity-well. It has many small moons trailing in close formation. Some are bowling-ball-sized, while many others are the size of ping-pong balls. Up close, the slightly oblong shape, resembles a huge Idaho potato. It has a fuzzy, bumpy appearance, as it collects dust and tiny rocks along its lonely path.
At roughly 75-feet-in-diameter, and 97-feet-long, it would tip the scales at a little over 88,000-tons if it were resting in an earthly cornfield. However, out here in deep space it’s weightless, except for the huge inertial-energy it wields due to its tremendous velocity of nearly 65,000-mph. It speeds through space, obeying orbital mechanics that strongly resist any change in motion!
Matching its trajectory perfectly, the private mining-spacecraft ‘Queen Anne’s Revenge’ and her eight-member crew, maintain a respectful distance during the tedious process of analyzing the big metallic boulder.
This is the 7th rock they’ve considered in the past three months, and morale onboard suggests that they need to find a qualifying asteroid; and damn soon! Because the hunt can’t last indefinitely. Supplies dwindle rapidly.... morale; just as quickly!
With the asteroid’s slow rotation, the ship doesn’t need to maneuver very much while its scanning and mapping lasers, survey it. Computers rapidly chew through the data, compiling a detailed recommendation.
It’s essential that this process is completed with the highest degree of accuracy. The extra time it takes to compile accurate data, will more than pay for itself in the area of mission-survivability.
It’s only been a year, since the Minnow and all hands were lost. A hurried surface-scan of their asteroid failed to reveal fault lines running throughout the huge mass.
Combinations of complacency and misplaced braking-rockets used for halting rotational-inertia, caused the big chunk of mostly metal, to break apart violently! Some say unpredictably. Now, while the point is now moot, the tragic end-result, was a lot of missed Piña Coladas on the sandy beaches of Earth!
All hands died a horrific death! They simply didn’t take the necessary time to do the job right! During the braking maneuver, the asteroid crumbled like a cosmic breadcrumb!
One relatively tiny but jagged chunk, hit and sliced the ship in half without even slowing down! The entire crew was sucked kicking and screaming into a frozen vacuum! They found out the hard way that in the vacuum of space, nobody can hear you go aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!
Captain Braxton Crane of the asteroid mining-ship SS Queen Anne’s Revenge is going to make sure that he and his crew don’t meet the same fate! So, they wait.... patiently. Actually, waiting is not very difficult for most space-faring people.
With missions consisting of long periods of mind-crushing boredom, a person gets used to it and adjusts accordingly. And this crew has a special ace up their sleeve, giving extra strength!
They’re about to find and relocate their very last space rock! Their 6-year contract with Sohn Space Systems, is entering the final months. This contract requires finding and causing, 12 sufficiently sized metallic asteroids to be relocated into Martian orbit for processing. A substantial bonus is offered for anything over a dozen; and this rock will be number 13, making for a bakers-dozen, if it proves useful.
With the compensation he and his crew are to receive back on Earth, they can all retire gracefully wherever their little cosmic heart’s desire! And at 41; at least 5-years-older than any of his crew, Braxton dearly looks forward to being free from the grindstone! He has yet to complete a master’s degree in mechanical engineering, so he dreams of the day when there’ll be enough time.
Harper Williams, the ships first officer and chief navigator, leans back farther in his chair than what might be considered safe under other circumstances. He loosens his seatbelt, so he could let his legs hover over the edge of the navigation console where he spends most of his waking day. Rubbing his eyes and shaking his head, he attempts to regain some tiny bit of focus.
Turning towards his captain, he comments. “Well now cap, I gotta tell ya, that’s one hell of a story! It’s a good thing you didn’t give me a razor blade with it, or it might have been the last one I only heard the half-of.” He admits exhaustedly, adding....
“Jeez, when I asked about your thoughts concerning the nature of the universe, I expected a smart-ass comment about how it was bigger than my momma’s huge ass, or colder than.... well, something other than the encyclopedia Britannica.... Jeez, I’ve been in space too long! Is that really how you’re going to start your dissertation? .... Interesting.” Pulling his cap down over his eyes, he fake snores his valuable opinion!
From across the spacious bridge, at the science console, Braxton replies sarcastically. “Why, thanks Harp. If I didn’t know better, I’d assume that statement was a heavily veiled compliment that only a true friend could appreciate! And, the best part of the story, the part I forgot to tell you? Is that some, or perhaps even all of it, may or may not be totally accurate. I mean, after a while of living in space, the old gray matter tends to get a bit mushy.”
He informs humorously, tapping a finger on the side of his head, adding. “Yeah, actually I think it’s a fine way to start. I mean, where better to start a space story than at the very beginning?” He asks while noticing a developing situation on his console. “Hey Harp, don’t look now, but we’re starting to drift towards Big Baker. Well, maybe you should look.” He orders.
Regaining lost focus, Harper grabs the edge of his navigation console and pulls closer for a more detailed examination. “Yeah cap, sorry. I didn’t expect old Baker-Boy could reach out and touch us at this distance. I mean wow, with gravity like that, he ought to be solid nickel-iron. Jeez, if I don’t adjust our position quickly, we might just run into him in about 5-years!” Harper jokes; balancing on the sharp edge of insubordination. “Sorry cap, I know you want this last mission run by the book. My bad.”
With educated guesswork, honed by many years of doing the same thing, Harper inputs new coordinates into the maneuvering computer and executes the command. He attempts to back their ship away from the asteroid ever-so-slightly, so as to maintain the threshold of safety that the captain demands. Nothing happens, and the drift continues....
“Uh cap, I’m not getting any response from the thrusters. We better wake up Coop.” He requests desperately for the need of Cooper Beaufort; the ship’s chief engineer.
“Well, let’s reboot the thruster-control computers first.” Braxton instructs. “It won’t take long to find out if we really need to bother poor old Coop. She just finished with a double shift not too long ago.”
“Aye Aye, captain.” Harper tightens his seat belt and pushes himself toward another part of the console on a rail system. After finding the correct set of display screens, he enters commands into one of them. Then swiveling his seat back to Braxton, he leans back with his hands behind his head. “She’s rebooting, cap. It’ll take a few minutes as she runs testing protocols.”
Two decks below the bridge, Cooper tosses and turns in her space-blankets. Bad dreams. She often had bad dreams for a few sleep-cycles after the ship’s engines idled down.
She couldn’t get used to weightlessness as fast as some of her shipmates. The spacecraft traverses the great distance between Mars and the asteroid belt, with an acceleration and deceleration of almost 65% of 1-g. This allows for somewhat normal sleep, except that while working the asteroid recovery, they enjoy no gravity whatsoever.
While a full-g during transit would be preferable, the Ion-drive-engines in their utility-category vessel would have to be much more powerful to obtain it, and the journey much farther. This artificially induced gravity is the only possible way that humans can stay healthy on these long space voyages. Stay weightless for too long and the body deteriorates, as bone and muscle-mass slowly enter an entropic-phase of disorder.
Restlessly tossing and turning, Cooper glides in and out of REM sleep. Now dreaming she’s home planting flowers under a clear blue sky, when she notices something stealthily snaking its way down through tall trees just behind her.
A black funnel spins delicately as it dangles from quickly gathering storm clouds.
At first glance, the anemic vortex is comically pitiful as it feebly attempts to vacuum tiny leaves off the lawn behind her. She giggles at such a silly thing and returns to planting flowers. Not a care in the universe....
Moments.... perhaps an eternity later, something tickles the back of her leg and she turns to swat the pesky fool who dares! But now the spindly funnel is no longer comical or pitiful looking! Definitely nobody’s fool! It has rapidly become a seething, ferocious entity of twisted fury! Quickly, it had morphed into an angry vortex, with a strong appetite for terrorized death!
No longer satisfied with just picking up tiny leaves, it moves closer! With horrific suction, it undulates back and forth, nipping at her heels, reaching out to grab! With feet like cement, she tries to run; but cannot! She tries to scream; but no sound comes from her mouth!
Paralyzed with fear, her wriggling body is sucked off the ground and captured by the demonic entity who laughs darkly! Feet-first, she’s lifted mercilessly into the stormy sky, frantically clawing at ever-thinning air! Twistingly ascending into the boiling mass of dreaded anger, she watches helplessly as her yard and neighborhood grow smaller and smaller!
So cold! .... So cold! .... The ravenous vortex pulls her into the rarefied air of the tempest.
Can’t breathe! .... Can’t breathe! .... She wakes suddenly, arms and legs twisted in her cocoon of tortured blankets!  Drenched in a cold sweat, she gasps for air. Cursing and afraid, it takes long moments just to remember where she is!
Bad dreams! .... Bad dreams! .... made worse by horrible weightlessness!
Turning back to his navigation console, Harper checks the progress; all rebooted and waiting. “Hey cap, she’s ready for another go.”
Braxton releases his seat belt and floats over. “Ok Harp, let’s see what happens this time.”
Harper tries the thrusters one more time.... “Damn! Nothing again cap. This is getting serious. I knew I should have called in sick this morning!” He half jokes.
“Okay, okay, calm yourself Harp. Let’s just think this thing through. The thrusters were working an hour ago when we made our final parking maneuvers. And just as you were trying to engage them now, I noticed an unusually fast pressure-drop in the propellant lines. I’ve got a bad feeling that one of the thrusters may be damaged, or even missing. Try it again and keep an eye on the pressure gage.”
“Okay, here goes.” Harper activates the thrusters once again. “Well I’ll be damned! Just like you said! I’ve never seen the pressure drop like that before! Like it’s venting directly into space without resistance from the nozzle. Say, that’s a good eye, cap! I should’ve noticed.... my bad.” He apologizes, wishing he were someplace else. Like on a sandy beach back on Earth!
“Hey, no problem Harp. That’s why I’m making the big bucks.” Braxton chuckles, adding. “You would’ve noticed it too, if I wasn’t micro-managing from above. I’ve got a bird’s eye view of the entire console from up here.” He informs, lazily floating above his first officer’s head.
Braxton always made an effort to verbally recognize crew member’s performances in a positive way, if at all possible. Good crew morale is a captain’s best friend during these long voyages. “Ok Harp, run as many diagnostics as you can, on any systems or sub-systems involved with the thrusters. I’ll go break the bad news to Coop and Toby.”
Toby Sullivan is Cooper’s partner in crime, and also the ships assistant mechanical engineer. They always work together; no matter what. Returning to the science console, Braxton pushes Cooper’s button. “Knock-knock, Coop.” He enters her quarters via an intercom. “Hey Coop, wake up please.” Then, before the third attempt, she awakens yet again from her many nightmares. “Go ahead captain, I’m awake now.” She twists in her cocoon, listening for more.
“Yeah…. Hey, listen Coop, I’m really sorry to wake you like this, but we have a serious situation with our maneuvering thrusters. I need you to come up to the bridge as soon as possible. I’m calling Toby up here, too.”
“Aye Aye, captain. I’m on my way.” She replies exhaustedly.
“Thanks Coop.”
Then, after a duplicate call to Toby is completed, he floats back over to the navigation console. “Anything yet, Harp?”
“No luck yet, cap. So far, there’s no faults showing on any of the related systems. I haven’t the foggiest idea.” He admits. “It looks like it’s going to be Coop and Toby to the rescue once again. Aren’t you glad we have those two onboard? I mean, I would rather die, than go out on an EVA.” He refers to ‘extra vehicular activity’. “Remember how I completely froze at the airlock hatch during training? .... Reverse claustrophobia, the instructor teased. I was so mortified!”
“How can I forget? The hatch-frame still has indentations from your kung-fu panic-grip!” Braxton jokes with a hardy laugh.
After a few minutes, the bridge doors slide open and the dynamic-duo floats into the compartment looking quite frazzled. “Hey guys, what’s up?” Cooper inquires irritably.
With a sheepish look, Braxton reports. “Hey ladies. Sorry again for dragging you out of the rack, but it looks as though Harper broke the ships maneuvering thrusters.” He laughs, patting his first officer on the back.
“Ouch!” Harper responds hurtfully. “Hey cap, as long as your hand is back there, do you mind pulling out that dagger?”
Cooper just floats there, looking like death warmed over. She isn’t moved by the levity, but Toby’s face brightens with a grin of appreciation. She loves the way her captain always tries to stay upbeat in the face of uncertainty.
Cooper maneuvers to the navigation console, asking Harper to try the thrusters once again. After seeing the unusual pressure drop, she immediately confirms the captain’s assessment of what the problem might be. It didn’t lift her spirits to know that she and Toby were destined to have an unscheduled EVA!
Thruster repair
“Well, either the thruster is damaged, or we’re not alone out here and somebody stole it. Whichever, the damn things busted, so let’s get going Toby. Our drift is only increasing.”
As she and Toby turn to leave, she notices Harpers face had turned several shades lighter than his usual dark features. He didn’t like the thought of not being alone out here, she figured. After all, they are nearly 85-million-miles from any help!
Gathering tools and an extra thruster-assembly from the ships supply, Cooper and Toby enter the staging area where the space suits and other EVA equipment are located. Two other crew members, Adam Miller and Ling Tao are already there, preparing the suits and other equipment the two women will use.
They’ll also assist with the arduous task of donning the specialized suits. In zero-g, even the slightest of tasks can become overwhelming. An extra set of hands is always welcome.
Adam notices Coopers lackluster appearance when the two female engineers enter the compartment. “Damn Coop, you look like hell. Are feeling okay for this? I don’t mind going out in your place, if Toby will have me.” He says, offering a seductive grin and wink in Toby’s direction, hoping for approval. Toby winks back and is about to answer....
Before she can reply, Cooper responds. “I’m fine Adam; thanks anyway. It’s just a few hours of decent sleep I need. How’s the equipment looking? Did you finish the overhaul of that McCandless Maneuvering Unit you were working on yesterday?” She asks, about the bulky thruster/backpack assembly that astronauts use for mobility while on EVA.
“Yeah, that MMU is good to go. Ling helped me finish the calibrations on the life-support systems.” With an infectious smile, Ling glances at Cooper and Adam as she’s helping Toby into her space suit. She’s a lovely Asian-American, with a penchant towards perfection.
“Thanks Ling.” Cooper knows she’s in good hands. “I don’t know what we would do without you and Adam.”
“My pleasure Coop.” Ling responds with pride. “Come see me when you get back. I have the perfect ancient remedy for your sleep disorder. Guaranteed to work, or no money back,” She quips in an effort to lighten Cooper’s spirits. It seems to help, because Cooper’s face breaks into a smile for the first time since waking from her nightmares.
With the space suits donned, and all necessary tooling attached to their harnesses, Cooper and Toby enter the airlock, sealing the hatch behind them.
“Well Toby, let’s just hope we’ll be alone out there. I left my ray-gun back in my quarters.” Cooper jokes, trying to spool herself up for the mission.
Toby is glad to see Cooper’s good nature finally shining through. “I didn’t forget mine!” She pats a bulging pocket on her space suit. They both have a good laugh, and Cooper enter codes for the exterior hatch. With a rush, hidden pumps begin evacuating air from the chamber back into the ship. Waste not, want not.... “Ready Toby?”
“Ready Coop.” They watch as the hatch unlocks and slides into the outer-steel-wall of the spacecraft. The temperature drops by several-hundred-degrees, as Mother Nature’s cold-heart quickly claims any heat from within.
There’s nothing in the distance except a face full of stars, shining like a tapestry of illuminated jewels! As with every EVA, the hardened astronauts experience vertigo as they face the infinite emptiness.
Pushing off, the two women float into an impossibly huge void. Using the tiny and powerful thrusters on their MMU’s, they travel about 50-feet and stabilize their position. Turning and looking back, they gaze in wonder at the beauty of their fragile home as it hangs magically suspended by invisible fingers of dark matter.
All around them, the immensely wide swath of the Milky Way is the only proof it’s not a dream. It frames their ship with billions of stars that are each just the tiniest of delicate specks of light. It’s as if the background had been sprinkled with glowing powdered sugar.
The ship is almost 300-feet-in-length, and 43-feet-in-diameter. The top 3-levels are used for mission-control (the bridge), living quarters, and storing of necessary equipment. The other 250-feet is divided into 3-modules. All of which contain fuel, equipment for capturing asteroids, and a main engines module that also contains a small fusion-reactor for generating the electricity requirements of the voyage.
The vessel is a work of technological art. Constructed in space, its only function is to retrieve asteroids, and was never intended to enter atmospheric environments. A series of maneuvering thrusters placed strategically along the length of the ship, are vital links in any successful mission. Without the ability to micro-manage the ships attitude, any journey into the void would be much too dangerous.
“Hey Coop, let’s go and say hello to the boys on the bridge.” Toby suggests, using their personal communications link. Turning on lights, one on each side of their helmets, they maneuver silently towards the top-end of the spacecraft.
As the astronaut’s travel along the smooth metal surface of their home away from home, they run a gloved hand along the large logo that’s stenciled on its side. Doctor Sohn designed the beautiful starburst emblem. It’s the universal insignia of his dream and scientific empire. The two astronauts feel that it’s good luck to pay it homage; and they can use all the good luck they can find, while working in such a wicked hard vacuum!
At the top of the spacecraft is a 12-foot-diameter, domed cupola. It has a 6-foot-diameter central view port that’s surrounded by 8 narrow and curved windows that form a circle around the larger central portal. They are the only actual windows on the entire vessel.
The designers of the spacecraft determined that the 10-inch-thick, bullet-proof, Hybrid-Plexiglas panels are as resistant to micro-meteor impacts as steel. So, for the benefit of the crewmember’s sanity, it was decided by Doctor Sohn to have a cupola installed in all the asteroid hunting ships. His hope is that if a person can see outside, they might better resist the corrosive mental deterioration that can occur during long space voyages.
The cupola is where the crew spends most of their free time. The bridge of the spaceship is by far the largest habitable compartment in the vessel, allowing plenty of space at the large view-port for meditation, or whatever. There’s always a plethora of stars to dream about!
It always amazes the astronauts when they ponder how far away those points of light actually are. That they never seem to get closer, even though the spacecraft is traveling towards them at 50,000-mph. It’s a good demonstration of just how much space there really is in outer space! Even traveling towards those stars at the speed of light, wouldn’t produce a noticeable closing-rate in an entire lifetime!
Hovering directly over the cupola, Cooper and Toby spy on their shipmates for a minute before announcing their presence. Switching to the main channel, Toby transmits. “Don’t look now boys, but you’re being spied upon by two very sexy, alien females.” She jokes, using the hottest sultriness she could muster. “Take us to your leader!” She adds with a devilish laugh.
Turning, Braxton and Harper look toward the cupola. Harper is looking a little better than the last time Cooper saw him. “Hey ladies; how’s the weather out there?” He jokingly inquires.
“Oh, it’s fine boss! A bit nippy, but fine just the same!” Toby exclaims with a chuckle.
Braxton continues with his jovial mood. “My, what a lovely pair of hood ornaments you two make! Now, I’m guessing by your presence at the viewport, and with all that cheerful levity, you’ve already found and repaired our little problem?” He smartassingly surmises.
“Not exactly cap.” Cooper informs. “We just decided to start troubleshooting at the top of the ship first, and we just couldn’t help but to look in on you two. You know, to make sure you weren’t sleeping.” She answers jokingly, adding....
“Also, could one of you be a dear and pull the circuit-breakers for the maneuvering thrusters? It just wouldn’t do for Toby or me to get a kisser-full of propellant whilst we’re up-close and personal with the nozzles.... Thanks boys!”
The lovely space walkers move away from the cupola. The targets of the EVA are positioned evenly around the spacecraft just aft of the cupola. They find no obvious problems with the thrusters at the top of the ship. Cooper didn’t want to waste time opening panels and performing electrical checks until they’ve looked at the remaining thrusters first.
“Okay ladies, Harper found and pulled the circuit breakers.” Braxton informs “Good luck and stay safe out there.”
“Thanks cap. I’ll get back with you soon.” Cooper responds.
After traveling two-thirds the distance to the end of the ship, they come upon what appears to be an incomplete set of nozzles. Moving in for a closer inspection, Cooper sees the source of their troubles.
One of the nozzles is mangled and scorched! It’s a classic sign of a micro-meteoroid impact. She sees a tiny blackened hole on one side of the damaged thruster, and an enlarged exit-hole on the other.
When this thruster became inoperative, many of the others also went inactive as a safety measure until the bad thruster could be isolated and repaired. This prevents an instability problem from becoming even more serious.
In a dire emergency the thrusters can be operated manually. However, on such a large vessel as this, it’s difficult to guess which combination of 64-thrusters is needed to maintain control of the ships attitude. There are 12-thruster-control computers onboard that are dedicated to calculating which sequence of propellant discharges are necessary for accurate maneuvering.
“Cooper to Captain Crane; we’ve found a damaged thruster at location 42-alpha-tango. It looks like a micro-meteoroid smashed it up pretty good. Give us time to figure this out; over.”
“Good work, ladies!” Braxton praises. “You can relax and take your time now. The scan of Baker has completed, so it’s fine if we drift a bit longer while you take care of business. Harp is analyzing the data from the scan now. We should know soon, if this is our last rock or not.”
“That’s good news cap. Keeping my fingers crossed.” She says hopefully, even though doing so in her bulky space gloves could never happen. “I’ll get back to you soon. Cooper out.”
Working in a space suit is one of the most physically and psychologically demanding jobs in the universe! Besides the claustrophobic confines, the field of vision is extremely limited without turning the entire suit. Also, there’s always that ever-present feeling that something insidious is lurking in the darkness, scheming to take you out! Sometimes the fear is of an alien with a thirst for blood. More often, it’s the fear of impact with something traveling faster than a bullet!
Tools not tethered, can and do escape into the endless void from fat fingered gloves. And if the environmental systems in the suit malfunctions, there’s a good chance you won’t have time to reach the safety of the airlock! A million-things can go wrong, but a person worries about 2-million things!
Many view the space suit as being humanity’s smallest spacecraft; claustrophobic at best; terminally confining at worst. But these two space-hardened princesses are far beyond any intimidation-factor imposed by a mere ludicrous-vacuum, near absolute-zero-temps just beyond their visors, or aliens wishing to cause a bad day at the office!
Cooper and Toby, maneuver just right to inspect the damaged thrusters and their mounting-brackets. Toby notices a problem. “Hey Coop, one of the mounting-brackets on my side is broken-off and missing from the thruster. The good news is that the side of the ship, and the rest of the array looks unscathed.... How’s your side look?”
After a few moments, Cooper completes her inspection. “Well, my side looks good, Toby. We might just get lucky this time. The rock didn’t puncture the ship I mean. Let’s disconnect the nozzle, so we can access the mounting-brackets.”
With finesse, honed by years of working together in space, the two women remove the damaged nozzle and propellant line. Cannibalizing a bracket from the thruster system they brought from ship’s supply, Toby holds it in place while Cooper welds it securely to the array.
Then they install the new nozzle among its three other friends, and Toby secures the propellant line, applying just the right amount of torque to the fitting. “That should do it Coop. I think we’re ready for an operational check.” She says confidently, adding. “Hey Coop, we make a damn fine team, you and me. Don’t you think?”
“We sure do Toby. We sure do….” Cooper responds cheerfully. “I wouldn’t have it any other way.” .... The seasoned-duo moves off a hundred-feet from the ship and reports in. “Hey cap, are you awake?” Cooper inquires boldly, shocking him from his near slumber. “We’re ready for an operational check whenever you are.”
“Okay ladies. Wow, that was fast! Standby while I get Harp on it. Get to a safe distance.” Braxton advises, even though Cooper had already told him that they were ready. Soon, he announces. “Here we go ladies, in four.... three.... two....one.” .... Nothing happens! “Uh Houston; we still have a problem .... Do you read, Coop?” He asks expectantly, after she doesn’t answer right away.
“Roger that, cap.” She responds, pausing ever-so slightly for dramatic effect, before adding. “Hey, here’s an idea.” She offers, trying unsuccessfully to not sound sarcastic. “Have Mister Williams, push in the circuit breakers and try it again.”
With an embarrassed tone, Harper joins in. “Uh, sorry Coop; my bad.” A few moments pass before he comes back. “Okay ladies, here goes attempt number two.” The replaced maneuvering thruster comes dramatically to life! With a short silent blast, it emits a stream of propellant into space where it quickly dissipates into the dark void.
“Yes!” Both women exclaim in unison.
“Looks like we got it, cap.” Cooper reports triumphantly, adding. “Hey, listen cap. We’re giving the ship another visual before you guys do any maneuvering. There may be other damage. I’ll get back to you in about a half-hour.”
“Okay Coop. That’s good news, and good work. You two be careful out there. We’ll standby for further word; Braxton out.”
The lovely engineers give the ship a good eagle-eye inspection.... Not finding any other discrepancies, Cooper reports back. “Okay cap, we’re finished with the inspection. Everything looks good out here. Let’s correct that drifting issue and see if all the thrusters are performing as advertised. Toby and I are at a safe distance, so give it hell! Let’s see what she can do!”
“Copy that Coop. Here goes something!” Braxton warns, as a series of mighty blasts from what seems like a random firing of thrusters, plays the ship like a well-tuned flute! Albeit a silent one! The vessel stabilizes, slowly moving away from the asteroid. Everything looks good, so the women begin their journey back to the airlock with the feeling of a job well done!
“Hey captain; permission to come aboard.” Cooper inquires; following a naval tradition that usually sounds more like a statement than a question.
“Permission granted! When you and Toby get situated, meet me in the mess hall. I’m going to nuke you ladies something delicious. I hope you like mystery meat, with a tube of veggies.” Braxton jokes, adding. “Oh, and please bring me that damaged thruster. It’s been a while since I’ve seen what a micro-meteoroid can do.”
For the next hour, everyone gathers in the mess hall, enjoying tube-food that was graciously prepared by their captain, who microwaved it just right! It’s actually pretty tasty fare that was prepared back on Earth and flash frozen. It was all they could really have in the weightless environment. He promises to create an actual culinary delight for them when they got pseudo-gravity back, during the return trip to Mars.
The main topic of discussion while they eat, is what everybody plans to do when they return to Earth. The consensus seems to be taking a year for just doing nothing but relaxing on a warm beach; and swimming until their hands are all wrinkled like prunes. Life onboard a spacecraft, is a life without any real volume of water to play in. Every drop they use, must be processed, purified, and reused. Taking a long, luxurious ‘Hollywood shower’ is not an option!
The women keep their hair no longer than 3-inches, just so they don’t use too much water while washing it. Plus, it doesn’t get in their eyes as non-gravity brings on the Vandergraph-generator-effect that looks so very comical with long hair!
During these weightless times, wet wipes take the place of any showers, at all! The life of these astronauts is only glamorous during blast-off and re-entry. In between, it’s just life in a tin-can, without any real luxuries. All, while traveling through an environment that will kill without mercy after just one seemingly tiny mistake! Second chances in space during critical moments, are exceedingly rare!
As the meal wraps up, Cooper inquires of Braxton about the scan-data of Baker. She knows, as do all the others, that they can’t just keep looking for likely candidates indefinitely. Asteroid Baker is their best and last hope for the bonus. Otherwise this dangerous trip into the void, will be just so much frustration .... without the joyous payoff!
“Well, the computers are still chewing, but preliminary results look promising.” He reports optimistically. “There are some stress fractures under the regolith at one end, but even if that end breaks off, we’ll still have a rock that’s in the top five that we’ve ever sent back to Mars. Jax and Kara will start working their magic on it tomorrow.”
Braxton adds. “Hopefully, the rough patch we had today will be all we see.” He says with a hopeful tone. “Now, young lady, you had better be off to the rack. I hope you can get some good sleep finally.” He says genuinely, patting her on the shoulder.
“Thanks cap. Let’s hope for the best. I’m sure ready for those sandy beaches!” With that, she pays respects to the others and heads off to see if Ling’s ancient remedy is as good as advertised. She surely didn’t need any more bad dreams this trip!
Jax Krauss, and Kara Johansson, are the ships main ‘rock-handlers’. Their first job with Baker, is to analyze the scan-data and determine if the asteroid qualifies for Sohn Space Systems stringent requirements.
Harper had already given it a thumbs-up, but Jax and Kara must verify his findings. If it qualifies, the next step is figuring out exactly where to place the rocket-pods that’ll put the brakes on its rotational inertia, and hopefully stop the big boulder from rolling.
At the science console, Jax and Kara are winding up their analysis of the data. All major parameters of study indicate that this chunk is their best-ever! Comprised of almost solid metal, of which the majority is iron and nickel, it probably started life as part of a failed planetoid core.
It’s theorized that there were several failed planetoids in the orbital plain between Mars and Jupiter. Perhaps the Jovian giant interrupted their formation, or collisions took them out. Either way, Mars sure could have used the material to build a sustainable heart and atmosphere!
The oblong boulder floats holographically in front of their faces. Red dots on the image, show the computers recommendations for where to place the braking-rockets. As the two rock-hounds examine the locations on the three-dimensional image, Kara is first to notice a small problem with one of the placement coordinates.
Rotating the image with her fingertips, and zooming in on the area of concern, she says. “Well, I certainly don’t like the topography at these locations, Jax. The surface seems too rough and is very close to the fault-lines where we’ll lose the ends of the potato. What do you think?”
Jax takes a moment to study her concern. “I see your point Kara, except I’m thinking a high-intensity laser blast, should melt off any unruly protuberances. Also, the proximity to the fault lines, shouldn’t be a problemo either. Good eye, by the way.” He praises, while at the same time noticing Kara’s eyes light up with excitement.
Quickly, he adds. “Now, I know how you love wielding that laser Kara, so please don’t forget what happened the last time out.” He warns carefully, then moves on before she can form a defensive posture. “Okay, so let’s just review the data one more time.” He scrolls away from Kara’s image, and after several minutes of review, he calls out to Braxton who floats lazily.
“Captain; we’re ready to go tame Baker. It’ll be about an hour, before Kara and I are suited up and ready to separate the ships modules. We’ll give you a heads-up when we’re in position.”
From his comfortable vantage point, Braxton acknowledges. “Sounds good Jax. Please be careful. And Kara, don’t get too crazy with the laser this time. I know how easy it is for you to get carried away with it.” He says grimacingly, knowing that to lock horns with Kara, is akin to entering a world of pain!
With a defiant gaze that could cut with the best of lasers, Kara puts the record straight. “My dear captain. I’m as accurate with that laser, as a brain surgeon is with her scalpel.” She retorts scathingly. “What you see as ‘getting carried away’, I see as necessary energy-output to get the job done. Can I be blamed if the trigger sticks sometimes?” She jokes laughingly, as Braxton envisions the ugly scorch-mark emblazoned across the side of his ship from her last adventure!
“No, you can’t be blamed I guess.” He feigns apology, instantly sorry he had mentioned it. “Just the same Kara, please be careful. This is our last mission before retirement and I just want everyone to live so they can enjoy it, is all. You know I love you, don’t you?” He asks shyly, with just the right amount of forcefulness.
He’s closer to Kara, than any of the other female crew members, but had never made a serious advance in the interest of professional harmony. It’s a painful thing when he riles her with a thoughtless phrase. Of course, he always realizes too late, after his lack of social graces has already failed. He wonders if he’ll ever learn how to approach her in a proper fashion.
“Yeah, I know cap. I love you too.” She quips flippantly. “Let’s get going Jax, before this turns into a love-fest. Cap isn’t sure whether to command or get mushy.” She jokes, sending Braxton the best seductive wink she has in her arsenal. It’s the kind of wink that skips a man’s heart and makes him forget to breath! She floats away, knowing his heated heart belongs to her!
Working in space
Just outside the airlock, two tiny dots of bright-white, float silently next to each other. Each of the astronauts lost in their own thoughts as the enormousness of their surroundings captivate their senses. It always seems necessary to acclimate the mind while starting an EVA. The surreal beauty of the immense cosmos demands it!
Kara, activates the thrusters on her MMU, turning her bulky space suit to a direction where she thinks Earth should be suspended. Sure enough, she’s not disappointed. “Hey Jax, look over yonder and tell me what you see.” She points stiffly into the dark void.
Turning, Jax notices a tiny blue dot of light amongst the billions of others. “Oh, very nice, Kara! Earth looks splendid today!” He’s grateful for a diversion before starting the immense task ahead. “Although she looks much too small.” He adds disappointedly, before continuing.
“We sure went deep for this rock. The last time I checked, we’re about 180-million-miles from those sandy beaches. Only the Minnow went deeper for an asteroid.” He says, remembering that horrible tragedy that took their friends, adding....
“Even this far out, we’re still just next door, in astronomical terms. Why, it would take us a half-million-years in our rust-bucket, just to get out of the Milky Way. And that’s just going up or down; not to the far edges. Leaving by the edge would take millions of years. After that, there are trillions of other galaxies. It’s mind boggling!”
“Mind bending, I would say!” Kara replies mystically. “The distances involved out here, transcend the ability for most humans to comprehend. I heard someplace, that there’s about 276-sextillion-miles to the edge of the observable universe.... did you know that, Jax?” She rambles on, before he can respond. “That’s a 276, followed by 21 zeros!” She exclaims, adding.
“Apparently, there’s a lot of damn space, in outer space! It’s a shame, we have to cram 19-billion-people onto such a tiny rock, and can’t travel far enough or fast enough, to find a new planet to ruin!
Humanity needs new worlds badly. So, let’s just hope Doctor Sohn has an ace up his sleeve.  I mean, do you think his starships actually have a snowballs chance in hell of breaking interstellar?” She asks the difficult to answer question.
“My my, Kara! You might want to lay off the caffeine a little.” Jax responds laughingly. “Well, as you know, these asteroids are being used to create those so-called starships. But there’s an informational black hole when it comes to his master plan. So, it’s hard to have an educated guess about any chances for success.” He admits; adding....
“I mean to say, that if Doctor Sohn can’t develop some damn smart robots, it won’t matter if the starships can make the journey or not. Because without someone to run the show at the other end; it’s just a moot point anyway. And from what I understand, he isn’t there yet. Not by a long shot! In fact, he’s becoming a bit of a pariah amongst the other philanthropists. They can’t understand why he’s allocating so many resources into outer space, when there’s billions of people on Earth that need help now.” He informs long-windedly as he soaks in the view.
Kara replies longwindedly. “Well, all I can say, is that good old planet Earth has been a great cradle for us humans, but the handwriting is on the wall.... ‘time to leave or go extinct’.” She says, prophetically. “I mean; every baby has to leave the crib eventually. Right?”
“So true my dear. So true.” A short silence as they float peacefully next to each other; then Captain Crane enters the conversation. “Hey, you two are making me home-sick, so whenever you’ve finished skylarking, we’re ready in here for modular separation. Just give the word.”
Braxton wanted to get them moving earlier, but he knows that people on EVA tend to have a strong desire to chat when they first exit the ship. This is due in part, to the immense stress of being confined within such a claustrophobic environment as a space suit. The feeling of being closed in, is very strong! Without that voice in their ear, it’s easy for the insidious phenomenon of claustrophobia to rear its ugly head. Even for those that normally wouldn’t be affected so!
“Aye Aye, Captain Bligh! Kara and I are at a safe distance. Go ahead with separation.” Jax informs, as he and Kara turn towards the large vessel, waiting for the show to begin. On the bridge of the Revenge, Braxton gives the order....
“Okay Harp, they’re ready for modular separation. Go ahead when you’re ready.” He removes a chain and key from around his neck, handing it to his first officer. “Let’s keep our fingers crossed. This is the part of our job I never look forward to. I’ll monitor from the science station as always.” Using the ships intercom system, Braxton announces the impending separation to the rest of the crew, so they won’t be taken off guard by the event.
“Copy that cap, it’s not my cup of tea either.” Harper reaches, sliding a tiny clear panel to the side, revealing a countersunk keyhole. Inserting the key and turning it clockwise, he arms the ships automated module-separation system. Transmitting warning to the crew, he pushes the button that starts the ball rolling.
Five levels below the bridge, motorized actuators separate the electrical connections between the engine’s module and the rest of the vessel. Then, with a series of muffled clinks and clanks felt throughout the entire structure, a powerful set of electrically actuated clamps release their iron grip.
Thrusters along the side of the module, fire in unison as maneuvering computers take control of the separation. The 150-foot-long, by 43-feet-diameter main-engines module, slowly and gracefully moves away from its parent.
Braxton on the radio: “How’s it looking out there Jax? It sounded like a clean separation from in here.”
“Yeah cap, she’s backing away as pretty as you please. Much like that woman back at Mars, when I asked her to dance.” He couldn’t resist!
“Just the facts, Jax .... just the facts.” Braxton cautions with a chuckle. “But that was a good one! Update me when she’s parked.”
“Will do, cap.... Right now, she’s moving away at just the right speed and angle. I’ll get back to you in a few.” Outside in the cold vacuum, the two rock-hounds watch with amazement, as a very large piece of their home is separated and backed off to pre-determined coordinates in nearby space.
“I never tire of watching the ship separate.” Kara says wonderingly. “It’s so graceful, yet so potentially deadly. I must admit, Jax; it scares the hell out of me when I think about what would happen if we couldn’t rejoin them! It would be an awfully long wait for help to arrive! So, please remember where we parked it.... okay?” She finishes with a nervous laugh.
“No problem, pretty lady.... it’s parked in the sparkly section, somewhere between Mars and Jupiter.... I mean honestly, how can it possibly get lost in such a relatively tiny space?”
“Ha Ha .... Jax, the funny man!” She retorts sneeringly.
About that time, the main engines-module stopped moving. “Jax to Captain Crane; the engines-module is static and parked where she should be. Go for the next one when ready.”
“Copy that, Jax. I have Mister Williams working on it now.”
Jax and Kara watch, as the next module on the diminishing spacecraft separates without fanfare. At just 50-feet-in-length, it’s only slightly less-impressive to watch, as it backs off and away, nearly duplicating the first maneuver. It comes to a stop just a short distance from the engines-module. “So far, so good.” Jax informs. “One more to go!”
After the third module separates and parks itself close by, the rest of their tiny home, looks fragile and vulnerable! From a distance, it seems as though a giant space-clever has come along and chopped it up like a big cosmic kielbasa sausage.
Only the bridge, and two inseparable levels, remain for living and supply storage. Much of that supply-level is consigned to energy-storage for times like this when the reactor is not available. In space, the astronauts live like tiny pea’s-in-a-pod!
“Hey cap, all three modules are parked and static. Request permission to do our magic?”
“Permission granted.... Watch each other’s backs out there. We’ll monitor, as always.”
“Copy that cap, we’ll be careful as always. Right Kara?” Jax, encourages her to reply to the captain’s request.
“Aye Aye, captain.... And the trained monkeys, begin their task!” She jokes, as they move towards the last of the separated modules using their MMU’s. Coming to a stop at the edge of the desired module, the two rock-handlers give it a good visual inspection to see if anything obvious is out of place.
They pay special attention to the many rows of rocket-pods occupying most of the module’s interior. After seeing all seems to be in order, they maneuver to an operations platform located just inside the modules top rim. This’ll be their base of operations for the next several hours.
Jax enters commands into a control panel and is relieved to see all the necessary screens come to life. Everything seems ready. “Okay Kara, I think we’re good to go. Are you secured for the ride?” He asks, expectantly.
She rechecks her tether attachment. “As ready as I’ll ever be. Now, don’t let us get run over by little-ole-Baker. He’s been waiting a few billion-years to cause trouble.” She quips nervously.
“I’ll stay clear of him. I know he could easily turn us into a thin greasy skid-mark if given the chance.... Okay woman hold on.... here we go!”
With a delicate grip on the joystick, Jax manipulates it in just the right way to get the large module moving in the direction of Baker. Thrusters doing the real work, as they push the module thru a sea of ancient moons and debris caught in the big-boys gravity field.
Soon, the module is parked above the rotational equator. Suspended in space, just 200-feet-away from the tumbling boulder, he stabilizes the module precisely where the computer calculations instruct.
Kara unceremoniously pushes several grapefruit-sized moons out of the way as the module comes to a stop. Off they sail into the darkness after spending many millions of years trying to connect with the asteroid.
Reaching, she plucks a nice two-inch-diameter moon from its orbit, brushes the regolith off and places it inside her tool pouch. After six years of wrangling asteroids, she has a nice collection of tiny moons.
“Ready the laser Kara. First coordinates are coming up in four-minutes. And for god’s sake, don’t shoot your eye out!” He severely pushes his luck!
“Ha, freekin Ha, big boy!” She retorts scathingly as she’s opening the compartment holding the magical device. “Me and this laser have a thing goin on.”
Reaching into the compartment, she pulls out a long tube that strongly resembles a fat, Doctor-Seuss-looking bazooka with rows of cooling fins circling the barrel at the business end. She retrieves a power cord and secures it to the laser using an aviation cannon-plug connection. Sometimes, not an easy thing to do while wearing bulky space gloves. With a push and twist, it locks on.
Hefting the device that weighs 200-pounds on Earth, is easy in space, but it’s always disconcerting for her to think that such a powerful tool has no weight in the great void. Also, the effects of the powerful beam, makes her feel animated while using it. Causing her to ever so slightly, disconnect from reality, as its authoritative force on the target, produces a hypnotic effect in her mind.
This psychological phenomenon, due in part, because there isn’t any physical recoil. While at the receiving-end of the focused beam of energy, there is very awesome visual recoil! .... Destruction on a grand scale!
It’s that destructive power that tries to hypnotize. Tries to warp her common sense.... Tries to keep her trigger finger depressed, longer than needed. She always makes great effort to comply with the captain’s warnings when wielding such a magnificent tool, but she’s only human after all!
“Stand aside Jax, and let a woman show you how to vaporize regolith!” She jokes, widening her stance as much as her bulky space suit legs will allow. She carefully swings the laser up and places it on her shoulder, checking the adjustment on the sights.
Being that she’s the only person who uses the thing, she finds the sights still adjusted to her fancy. Now, to see if he still works, she ponders.... Choosing a random spot on the side of Baker that’s turning past them, she gently squeezes the trigger, firing off a test shot. A three-inch-diameter section of Baker explodes into smoky dust and debris!
The highly focused beam, bores into the ancient buildup of regolith. Now, the invisible beam becomes visible for the first time, as it reflects brilliant ruby-red laser light off the trillions of dust particles fleeing the scene of the crime! The bright beam tries to hypnotize her into keeping the trigger depressed longer than a test shot requires, but she wins out over the impulse, and releases her finger from the hair-trigger.
“Damn Kara, a little more warning would be nice!” Jax scolds.
“Sorry Jax, my bad. I thought I did warn. Besides, you know I always test fire. But hey, I didn’t shoot my eye out!” She retorts smartassingly.
“Okay. Okay. That actually is an accomplishment, I guess.” He teases. “Now take your time, Kara. That’s some unforgiving technology you have there in your hands.”
“Relax Jax. I realize the gravity of the situation. And, you want to know something? I’m really going miss old Cyclops here. Do you think Doctor Sohn will let me keep him as an extra bonus?” She wonders facetiously.
“Dream on woman! That tidy piece of equipment cost 50-million-dollars. I’m sure the good doctor would rather lose his left meteoroid, than give that baby away! Besides, what would you use it for back on Earth? Opening rum bottles on the beach? Hey, now there’s a thought!”
Then glancing at a display screen, Jax informs. “Okay Annie Oakley,” as he readies a harmless targeting-laser, “we’re coming up on the first dust-off coordinates in ten-seconds.” He paints the area of concern on the asteroids surface. “Can you see the spot, Kara?”
“Hell yeah, I see it really good Jax! Now stop shaking, damn it.” She has a good laugh, adding. “Just kidding Jax, just kidding.... Okay baby, here we go!”
Aiming the monster laser at the targeted section, Kara lets loose with all 120-kilowatts of focused energy! The searing beam, slam into Baker with incredible authority! It blasts the targeted area clean of any regolith that might impair the rocket-pods from adhering tightly. Huge plumes of smoke and debris flee in a cone-shaped fashion.
“YeeeeeeeeeeeeHaaaaaaaaaaa!” Kara exclaims, as she sweeps the powerful beam back and forth! The searing devastation tears through the cloud of debris, erasing any trash from the landing site.
Quickly she clears a 100-square-foot-area of all regolith and loose rocks, leaving a beautifully scorched, glowing patch of liquid metal on the surface! Letting up on the trigger, she remembers to breathe! With wide eyes, she starts looking for the next target as the asteroid slowly rolls past, just beyond their reach.
“Damn fine work, Kara! That’s a superb dust-off, if I’ve ever seen one! The next spot is coming up! In three, two, one.”
Kara repeats the exhilarating process eleven more times, while Baker makes a full rotation beneath them. Patting the hot laser as if it’s an old friend, she powers it down and lets it float in front of her, allowing it to cool before restoring it back into its cubby-hole. “I’m going to miss you, old friend. You’re the bee’s knees, baby!” Emotion fills her words.
“Are you okay Kara? Now don’t start crying. You don’t want to breathe your tears do you?” Jax warns, trying to cheer her up.
“Oh, you! I’m fine; just giving farewell to an old friend. Now let’s get the rest of this show on the road, huh? All that lasering has made me hungry!”
Switching to another computer dedicated to the placement of the braking rocket-pods, Jax allows it time to acquire its position in space with relationship to Baker. A blinking green-light, tells him it’s ready for work. It’ll place a rocket-pod on each cleaned off spot, with the rockets business-end pointing against the direction of rotation.
Taming an unruly asteroid!
“I’m releasing the first pod Kara. Are you ready?”
“I’m ready Jax. Give it hell!”
Jax, pushes the button; explosive-bolts holding the first pod in place, detonate; releasing a circle-clamp that held it securely in place for all these months. Calibrated springs under the pod, cause it to slowly exit the module.
The bulky rocket-pod gracefully rises from its snug, bee-hive-like compartment. Tiny, but powerful thrusters take their commands from the placement computer, guiding the pod into position above its target.
With precisely calibrated automation and timing, the thruster’s fire at full power, sending the pod on a collision course with the tiny cleaned off area on Baker. In a ballet of perfect motion, the pod approaches the rotating asteroid. Two-seconds before impact, electrical current flows from a battery inside the pod, and into a series of circuits that run throughout a dark coating on the base of the pod.
This electrical current, initiates a chemical reaction within the coating, causing it to inflate rapidly and dramatically. The resulting hot spongy-mass of glue-like-material is three-feet-thick, and buffers the impact, as the pod lands gracefully onto the surface. The sponge-like material quickly fills in any uneven surfaces on the landing spot, allowing the pod to rest comfortably and in just the right position.
Cooling very rapidly, this inflated chemical-cushion solidifies into a rock-hard foundation. For all intents and purposes, the pod is now a permanent fixture on Baker! The rockets are integrated within the top of the pod and are oriented almost horizontal to the surface of the asteroid, with a variable-direction-nozzle that can gimbal to desired angles when operating. This allows for a fine degree of control, when bringing the big rock to a static configuration.
“Well, that went smoothly, Kara. Don’t you think?”
“It couldn’t have gone better, my friend. My, what would we do without all this marvelous technology? Soon, Doctor Sohn will send robots out here to do this stuff. We’re lucky to get in on the scam, while humans still play a part in whatever scheme he has planned.” She jokes in a serious way, adding. “Well Jax, one down and eleven to go.”
To minimize upsetting the delicate balance of the beast, Jax readies another pod for a spot 180-degrees from the first. With graceful precision, it squishes into place and locks, restoring tranquility. Soon, all twelve pods are secured into position, ready to fire.
“Hey cap, are you there?” Jax, reports in.
“I’m still here good buddy. Go ahead.”
“We’re done out here cap. Good thing too. Baker was hypnotizing me into letting him off the hook. I don’t think he wants to be a part of our little plan.”
“Roger that; I don’t blame him, but he’s the cherry on our retirement cake, so he’s headed to Mars whether he likes it or not!” Braxton risks an evil eye from the Grim Reaper. “I’ll give Grumby a heads-up, while you and little miss sure-shot return the module to its rightful place and come inside for the show.”
“Sounds like a plan, captain, but don’t call me Roger.” He laughs. “See you in an hour.”
“By the way, Kara.” .... Braxton pushes his luck. .... “I’m proud that you resisted turning our last rock into Swiss Cheese.” A nice laugh before releasing the key.
With dark tone, Kara pounces. “Keep it up Captain Crane, and I’ll Swiss-Cheese you!” After a dramatic pause. “Just kidding cap.... Actually, I did want to drill it good, but that thing is so dense, it would’ve only laughed! Besides.... Jax said I could keep the laser for opening rum bottles on the beach, if only I was a good girl while handling it!” She jokingly pushes her luck.
“Oh, now wait a minute, Annie Oakley!” Jax has a good laugh, adding. “We’ll get back to you soon cap.” Then turning to Kara. “Okay lovely lady, won’t you please do the honors and move us back to the parking lot?”
“With pleasure!” Kara, switches places with Jax, carefully tweaking the joystick just right. The now empty ship’s-module backs away from the tumbling asteroid. After a short distance, she transfers control to the autopilot, which can more efficiently connect it back with the main ship. With a series of loud clanks felt inside the ship, the module is locked back into position. Home sweet home is looking once again like the Queen she’s meant to be!
On the Queen’s bridge, eight astronauts float at the cupola in space suits. Each, holding his or her breath in anticipation of the coming event. Each, remembering the crew of the Minnow, whom they all knew very well for many years prior to their horrific demise.
Because of that tragic event, company lawyers require such precaution just in case.... However, as usual the suits and ties that are millions of miles away, fail to realize that in the worst-case scenario, a space suit will only delay the inevitable. Especially when rescue is weeks away. On the other side of that cosmic coin, a less catastrophic event might just be overcome by such precautions. Who knows....
Cooper feels much better, after what seemed like an eight-hour coma from the strong cure Ling had given her. Toby and Ling are at a viewport on either side of her, while Adam is sprawled across half the other ports. Captain Crane, and First Officer Williams, hog the best window for themselves; the six-foot-diameter, central portal.
Jax, has a remote for the rocket-pod network. With the twist of a key he arms the system and is one button-push away from the point of no return. “Well? Have y’all updated yer wills!” He jokes sickly. “I mean, has everyone made peace with the universe, before I start the show?”
“We’re ready, you big lug.” Kara, answers for all.
From the safety of their strategically parked nest, Jax adds. “Okay then. Here goes something! In three.... two.... one.... he pushes the button good!
On Baker, the signal is accepted. Two rocket-pods come to life on opposite sides, as hydrogen-oxygen fuel mixtures combust! Focused jets of plasma exit the nozzles with extreme authority!
Gradually, the other pods come to life in what seems like a well-choreographed, dance of fire and thrust! The event is silent, as in the vacuum of outer space, nobody can hear your rockets scream!
Baker is shaken to his very core, but the big chunk of mostly iron, seems to not give a damn! He’s been rolling through space for an eternity, resisting any force that has ever tried to change his ways. After a few minutes, the computer indicates a slight decrease in rotational moments on the big boulder!
Soon, it’s apparent even to human detection, that the braking-rockets are doing their job. Thousands of chunks big and small, that had been holding on with just the slimmest bit of gravity, start breaking from the regolith that had buried them over the eons.
A thick cloud of space-dust and debris rises from its surface, dissipating into the void at right-angles to its rotational axis. The debris flies away from the asteroid in a direction that avoids the humans that are located safely off to the side.
Suddenly, as expected, each end of the Idaho potato loses gargantuan chunks! With plenty of ooooo’s and aaaaa’s all astronauts watch in awe, as each end of Baker crumbles and is thrown into the void!
Big pieces, small pieces, tons and tons of dust are ejected into space, leaving an almost round chunk of mostly metal, floating statically before their wide eyes! Jax, pushes another button and the rocket-pods dutifully shut down. White hot nozzles, quickly cooling.
In its long and inglorious life, Baker has rolled through space, not amounting to anything meaningful. Now, he’ll join with thousands of others, in an all-important effort to save humanity from going extinct!
“Hey captain, did you ever see anything so beautiful in your whole life?” This coming from Ling, as she removes her helmet. “I mean, WOW! That’s a text-book-example of how to handle an unruly asteroid, if ever I saw one!” She throws in a nice long whistle.
“I have to admit Ling, that Jax and Kara really nailed this one. I took an awesome video for posterity.” Turning to the rock-handlers. “Great work you two! My how you make an effective team!” With that, Jax and Kara glow with pride, becoming the heroes of the moment!
After returning their space suits to the airlock staging area, everyone except Braxton, heads to the galley for a well-deserved meal. Wearing nothing but the tight-fitting, spandex jumpsuits that they wore on EVA, the pair make quite a spectacle when they enter the mess hall, too hungry and too tired, to care about dressing more appropriately.
“Well, well, look what the solar winds blew in!” Harper risks a black eye. “Damn, if you guys don’t go together like two peas in a pod! And Kara, that jumpsuit doesn’t leave much for the imagination.” He jokes, even though he knows she didn’t like having her buttons pushed.
“Well then, it’s a good thing that you don’t have one, Harp.” She retorts, giving a threatening glance and sharp poke in the ribs as she floats past on her way to the food dispenser. Harper hasn’t yet learned during all these years, that it’s a dangerous thing to tease Kara when she’s hungry. Or any other time for that matter!
Ling gets a nice laugh out of the exchange, adding her own two-cents-worth. “Congratulations on a job well done, Kara. You too, Jax! Don’t mind poor Mister Williams. He got dropped on his head too many times when he was a baby.” Turning to Harper, Ling queries. “When was that Harp? Like.... just the other day, right?”
A merciless chuckle goes through the group at poor Harper’s expense. Even though he’s first officer, his ranking holds considerably less influence in the civilian space-core than it would in a military setting. That, plus he felt like he fit in better if he let them get away with murder, now and then!
Adam joins in. “Besides that, Harp can’t go on EVA. Not, since that unfortunate accident when he got his head stuck in the air-extraction-vent while waiting for the airlock to evacuate. Remember that Harp? Cooper had to change the air-pump after it burned-out trying to suck in that big melon of yours! It’s a good thing you had a helmet on!”
The shipmates laugh until their faces hurt! Harper’s brown face manages to turn a shade of red from embarrassment, but he found that being the center of attention was worth it. Even so, he wonders when he’ll learn to keep his smartass comments to himself. Especially with Kara!
Jax and Kara, prepare food and strap themselves into seats at the table. The tube-food is tolerable, but the company is the best, they all think! Everyone is on cloud nine! With the last rock tamed, retirement is on all minds!
Kara engages Harper in conversation. She does like him, when he’s not being an ass. He just doesn’t have a honed set of social skills and makes jokes to cover that fact up. She knows that they’re very lucky to have him as first officer, and good friend!
Now, all Kara needs is a nice Hollywood shower, and eight solid hours of deep sleep. However, the former will have to wait until they get back to Earth, and the later will have to wait until she finishes with the required maintenance tasks that she’s been putting off.
Every crew member, including the captain, has certain duties that must be performed to maintain a safe and healthy shipboard environment. Amongst the most unpopular of duties, is the cleaning of the ship’s ‘head’, otherwise known as the lavatory. Luckily for Kara, that particular duty is not on her list today.
Captain Crane enters the room, and Harper immediately organizes his things. With a push, he floats away from the table and off to the unmanned bridge. Braxton wonders why he’s rubbing his rib cage as he floats past and figures he must have had another of his many accidents. He seats himself at the table with Kara and Jax, congratulating them on a job well done.
“We’re all very lucky to have you two on board.” The captain praises. “Baker’s been tamed, and tomorrow he’ll be bagged and tagged.” Turning to the rest of the group, he says. “And soon we get underway for our final and last voyage to Mars! Then, onward to good old Planet Earth! Three cheers for us!” He yells enthusiastically, lifting his container of coffee.
All six astronauts respond boisterously. “Hip-hip, hurray! Hip-hip, hurray! Hip-hip, hurray!” Braxton knows that it’s a little corny, but in the deepest darkest depths of space, any form of mental stimulation has profound subconscious effects for warding off dementia.
Conversation evolves quickly into chatting about the business they hope to start when retirement gets boring. They dream of purchasing tourist submarines and opening an underwater sightseeing venture off the coast of Belize.
They’ll give underwater tours of the Great Blue Hole, located on a beautiful coral reef off that countries coast. It’s an underwater cenote that has many cousins sprinkled throughout the jungles of the Yucatan Peninsula.
With the rising sea levels, tourist can’t easily dive the hole anymore without long decompression sessions. So, the subs will be very popular. The astronauts all agree that after exploring outer-space, it’ll be fun to explore inner-space also, and not have to worry so much about dying while trying!
Before long, Braxton announces the work detail for the next day’s EVA. “Kara and Jax will be joined by Ling and Adam for the final bagging and tagging of Baker, starting at 0900. Everyone else will stick to their regularly scheduled duties, which may or may not include suiting up to relieve the EVA crew. Or assisting in any other way needed, to send this rock on its way. This includes yours truly. So, with that I bid you all a good night!”
Leaving them to their own devices, he floats off to his cabin for some well-needed rest.
However, rest is not in the cards for Captain Crane or any of the crew for that matter, as alarms blare bloody murder throughout the ship! Rolling in his cocoon, he listens to Harper’s frantic call. “Hey cap, better get up here! We have a solar storm heading our way!”
Braxton quickly gets dressed as best he can, and heads for the bridge. He already knows the type of emergency because of the tone of the alarm. As he enters, Cooper and Toby are on duty at the science console, and the others are hovering nearby at life-support, looking grim! “How much time do we have Coop?” Braxton inquires anxiously.
“Less than 20-minutes cap, but it’s the magnitude of the storm that’s important right now. Our safe-room won’t be enough to stop all the charged-particles.” Cooper informs, as she moves aside, making room for the captain.
“Damn! This storm’s a monster!” He exclaims. “We’re lucky these things travel slower than light or we wouldn’t get any warning at all!” Braxton’s keen mind spools up for an answer to their predicament. Normally, their little safe room is adequate to shield them, but this time the intensity of the storm is too great! They’ll have to find better protection.... and damn fast!
“Ok gang stay calm.... I want everybody except Harper and myself, to go to the safe-room; it’s better than nothing for now.” The captain orders, as his mind formulates a plan of attack.
“Harp, program the maneuvering computers to calculate the quickest trajectory that’ll park us behind Baker. If our safe room isn’t up to the task, then we’ll put thousands of tons of metal between us and the radiation. I’ll check to be sure that the station-keeping thrusters on the modules are still ready for action.”
“Copy that captain.” Harper quickly gets to work on the calculations, as his six shipmates remain nervously on the bridge.
Adam speaks for them all. “Cap, we request permission to weather this one here on the bridge.”
Ling joins in. “Yeah cap, as much as we love each other, that room is just a bit too claustrophobic.... Pleeeeze?” She radiates her best sad-puppy look.
Braxton can’t help but acquiesce. Ling has a way of melting a hole straight through his better judgment. “Okay.... for now. .... But if I say get your asses to the safe room, I want to see you people fleeing as if Satan himself is chasing you.... Deal?”
“Deal!” From all six, in unison.
Turning back to the computer calculations, Harper and Braxton quickly review the data before allowing the ship to make such a daring maneuver so close to an immovable object. Immovable, in as much that it could smash the ship really good, if the two ever tried to occupy the same space at the same time!
He knows, that as skilled as he and Harper are at manually flying the ship, they can’t maneuver around Baker as fast and efficiently as the computer. Time is of an essence now, more than ever!
“I’m seeing good numbers there, Harp. Does the computer know that we’re missing two rather massive modules?”
“Yeah, see here cap?” Harper points to a part of the calculation where the missing mass is accounted for. “I’ll admit that it would be nice to have more time to crunch the numbers, but we just don’t have the luxury. We’ll simply have to trust the computers, and hope they’re not having a bad day too.... Shall I execute the maneuver cap?” He asks inquisitively, his finger hovering over the button.
“No.... I’ll do it, Harp.” The captain takes the responsibility. Reaching over his first officers’ shoulder, he pushes the button. This initiates a delicate dance of automated thruster discharges all along the outer hull of the truncated spacecraft. “Hold onto your keisters people, here we go!” Braxton warns loudly.
It doesn’t take long before their home is moving in the direction of Baker. Making a hyperbolic-arc that’s poetry in motion, as the large machine gracefully follows a curve through space that comes within 50-feet of Baker! As it slides into the shadow of the large boulder, the entire cupola fills with oncoming asteroid!
For a few harrowing moments, it seems as if Baker is going to join them on the bridge! Soon though, they breathe a sigh of relief.... Toby finally opens her eyes and remembers to breathe, as their home comes to a static rest behind the massive object. It’s the only spot within millions-of-miles, that can possibly be safe from the tremendous amounts of gamma-rays and other toxic brews of charged-particles that are headed their way!
Harper is first to break the silence. “Okay everybody, we made it! The only way Sol can harm us now, is if she goes supernova. Which she can’t, because she’s not massive enough!” His weak attempt at levity falls on deaf ears, so he continues his report without missing a beat. “We’ll be able to monitor the storm’s intensity from the sensors on the other sections. We’re still not sure how long this event will take, so we’ll just have to hang-out and wait.”
Within five minutes, the sensors on the other modules are indicating deadly levels of gamma radiation. Even so, the Revenge’s iron-umbrella soaks up everything the sun throws its way! All except for the innumerable neutrinos that go through Baker, the ship, and everybody on it, without even touching any atoms!
No baryonic-mass anywhere can stop those babies; except for possibly a neutron star or black hole. It’s a good thing they seem to be harmless to human physiology, or we would all be toast.... even back on Earth!
It takes six hours for the storm to pass. Half of the crew goes to their quarters after only an hour, leaving Cooper, Toby, Braxton and Harper on the bridge. The first two must be there anyway as it’s their scheduled watch.
Braxton and Harper can’t relax. Not until their mighty ship, is parked once again a safe distance away from their savior. It’s times like this, that every space-faring person takes full inventory of their lucky-charms. Hoping like hell they’ll have enough left over for next time!
Bag and Tag!
The next morning, four well-rested astronauts exit the airlock, turn on their external lights, and head towards the ship’s module containing the ‘bag and tag’ equipment; and some rather powerful rockets!
At nearly 50-feet-in-length and 43-feet-in-diameter, the module is an imposing piece of spacecraft, that blocks out the stars as they approach.
“This view is totally surreal!” Adam exclaims euphorically, not getting out much. “I mean, I realize that velocity is a relative term, but we’re traveling 65,000-mph! While those pieces of our ship, and that asteroid out there, seem to be motionless! Just hanging there in the void, without any visible support or momentum!” He ponders wonderingly; adding....
“It feels as if it’s animated. Like we’re part of a computer simulation. Or even experiencing an alternate universe, where motion and depth are nothing more than convoluted illusions.”
“Wow Adam, what a deep thought!” Ling teases. “You didn’t by chance eat those shrooms I was saving, did you?” Another laugh. “I guess it would seem more believable, if everything was dangling from a wire! At least then, our minds could see that something was holding everything in place. It’s just so spooky out here!” She relates hauntingly, shivering in her heated space suit. “Oh, but I do love it so!”
“Okay everybody, we’re almost there. Stay focused on the mission, so we can all go home alive.” Jax, firmly instructs as they reach their first goal of the day.
As the astronauts arrive at the staging platform inside the module, Jax finds the primary control-panel and starts flipping switches. A series of lights come on, illuminating the entire top surface of the module.
Kara maneuvers to her spot on the platform next to Jax, and the other two astronauts settle in behind them, each securing a tether to the rail-system, so they won’t be tossed into the void when the module maneuvers.
After initializing systems, Jax is ready to start. “Is everybody tethered and ready for action?” He asks, and after hearing acknowledgments from all three, he activates the thrusters. Slowly, the massive piece of spaceship moves towards Baker.
It’s a slow process getting the massive module moving, but once started, there’s a palpable sensation of having a tiger by the tail! Like a train-wreck in motion, this piece of equipment can’t stop on a dime, so Jax takes his sweet time making the transit to the big rock.
As they get closer, he relinquishes control to a maneuvering computer that’ll park them at predetermined coordinates behind Baker. “Okay, we’re here!” Jax, exclaims exhaustedly. “Wow, I feel like a dollar steak.... all nerves! This module doesn’t handle anything like the one yesterday! It has way more mass for sure.... Is everyone ready?”
“Ready.” The rock-hounds, all chime in at once.
“Alrighty then, here we go.” Jax, unhooks a hand-sized-box for remote-controlling certain aspects of the operation. “Release your tethers and follow me.” He instructs, and the group moves away using their MMU’s to an out of the way position. “Keep your fingers crossed, because here goes something!” He arms the box, lifts a cover guarding a button, and pushes it.
All along the top-rim of the module, a series of tiny smoke-rings spin into the void, as 250-explosive-bolts detonate. This action releases the clamp system that held the massive payload in place. Then, under the payload, powerful solenoids extend, pushing it into space.
Resembling a 40-foot-wide, 10-foot-thick hockey puck, the payload clears the module, while thrusters stabilize it in just the right place behind Baker. Then, Jax instructs the module to move away autonomously to a point in space just ahead of the big boulder, while they remain behind it with the cosmic puck.
“So far so good. Now, things get tricky. Stay frosty and we’ll get through it.” Lifting another cover on the box, Jax depresses another button and a powerful rocket motor detaches from the puck with a tether in tow. The rocket reaches the end of the 500-foot-tether and stabilizes itself with the help of tiny thrusters.
Seeing that the rocket is in the desired position, Jax warns of impending action. “Okay everyone; here goes the big-inflation in three.... two.... one!” He pushes another button, and the rocket ignites with a blinding flash! Visors dim automatically to maximum. The beefy rocket strains, and slowly makes headway as it pulls on the bottom of the puck using the long tether.
Moving at 3-fps, the rocket strains for freedom! Its effort causes the puck to extend from its accordion-like storage position, not unlike a huge Jiffy pop popcorn foil. Thrusters on the edge of the puck, fire in the opposite direction, allowing a counter-balancing force. It becomes yet another object in their immediate area, to block out a wide swath of stars!
With the bag fully extended, the rocket runs out of fuel, releasing itself from the tether. With its only job in the universe completed, it’ll drift forever and a day, among the other asteroids in the belt. It’s not the first time, nor the last, that humans will leave their trash in outer space!  
Adam gives a long whistle, as the rocket breaks away. “So long little Hercules; thank you! Hey guys, I want a dozen of those babies for my birthday!”
Kara chimes in. “Hell yeah! We can light em with that little ole laser I’m taking home with me!” She jokes with an infectious laugh.
Jax, doesn’t waste time getting them back on task. “Okay you two pyromaniacs, stay focused and keep the goal in sight.” He scolds. “Kara, you come with me to the far side of the bag rim. Adam and Ling find the cable-ends on this side and hang tight until we’re all ready.” He mentions the cables that are still coiled inside containers on the rim of the now opened bag.
After a few minutes, all four astronauts have their respective cable-ends. Jax makes a point to instruct once again, even though he knew this wasn’t their first rodeo. “Okay everyone, take your cable and carefully move along the side of Baker. Meet me at the module; and please don’t get tangled up with the rocket-pods!” He imparts great emphasis.
During this process, his shipmates will be out of his visual range as they pass alongside the asteroid. So, he wouldn’t be able to quickly assist anyone that snags and tears their space suit on a jagged piece of whatever. Rapid decompression in space, requires fast actions by shipmates to patch a tear if possible, or have their shipmate die in the most horrific fashion imaginable!
“Copy that Jax.” From all, as they use their powerful MMU’s to drag the cables along side and past Baker. Soon they’re successfully past the big rock and see their goal about 200-feet away. Reaching the module, they attach the cable-ends and triple-check the security before getting back on the platform.
With the big boulder now between them and the bag, Jax moves the module ever-so-gently forward. Like downtown, the bag is pulled until it swallows Baker like the gem, he his! Albeit a really big one! Soon it will be ready for the 6-year journey to the Martian chop-shops in orbit above the red planet.
The bag is made of hybrid carbon-fibers, which are woven into spiraling structures for extra strength. These spiraling-fibers are a mimic of the internal structure of the peacock mantis shrimp’s clubs. Those impossibly strong smashers take a literal beating, as the tiny but ferocious shrimp bashes its way through life!
Humans analyzed and duplicated these structures; creating materials that can withstand the incredible tensile strength needed to transport an asteroid. Also, many other critical uses were discovered for this spiraling-fiber design of Mother Nature’s. From one of the tiniest and most ferocious creatures on Earth, some of the biggest boons to humanity are developed!
Satisfied with the job they’re doing thus far, Jax relaxes and begins the next phase of the operation. He’s glad they don’t have to use the ‘harpoon-technique’ anymore for towing asteroids. Dragging an asteroid by a cable that’s attached to a drilling-harpoon, is a much simpler process, but it proved to be too unstable of a way to relocate them.
Quite often, the asteroid being towed, would develop a harmonic-oscillation that eventually causes either the harpoon to break free, or the towing vehicle to break apart. Either way, meant lost time and money, not to mention the danger involved with a runaway monster, that must be relocated before it falls too far into the inner solar system.
The bag and tag method had won favor ten years prior; and the success rate for relocating the big boulders has increased dramatically ever since. Sohn Space System scientist are on the verge of perfecting a carrot and stick approach to asteroid mining. It will be completely automated; using a powerful electromagnet just in front of the metal rock to pull it along, utilizing mutual attraction.
While this is a simplistic description of Doctor Sohn’s new asteroid mining technique, it’s actually a complicated endeavor, that won’t see fruition for another 5-years or so.
“Okay gang, so far so good. Next, we unpack the ring assembly....”
After long hours, the package for sending Baker on his way, is complete. Now there’s a long cable extending from a powerful rocket-pack, to the ring-assembly, that connects four cables to the bag-rim, that holds the big rock, that humanity needs for building starships and whatnot! Within the ring, is tracking equipment so the big boy doesn’t get lost. During the voyage, robotic ships will rendezvous and replace the rocket packs as needed.
Now the ships module is empty, and the astronaut’s main job has been completed successfully. Soon, they’ll be leaving for home, and a well-deserved rest. Their money-rock is now bagged and tagged.... the ‘tag’ being the incredibly large corporate logo for Sohn Space Systems, that depicts a beautiful starburst insignia. It’s stenciled across the exterior of the bag like a badge of honor; as if somebody might get confused as to whose asteroid belonged to whom, out here in the endless void of space!
After practically racing the now empty module back to its anchorage at the back end of the main spacecraft, the astronauts rejoin the main engines module last. Now, their home away from home is back to a viable configuration, and life is good! Each crew member is in 7th heaven, as they all gather in the mess hall for a very well-deserved meal.
The captain is there to greet them. “Great job everyone! I’m lucky to have a crew like you kids!” Braxton exclaims with pride, as he floats about the compartment, friendlily shaking hands with all. “Baker may have been the 6th-rock we considered during this time out, but he gave us no problems at all, and the equipment didn’t let us down either!” He praises, adding....
“Aside from one EVA, Coop and Toby can’t believe they didn’t have to suit up for one thing or another.” He reports proudly. “It’s hard to believe that this is our last apple-bob into the adventure-zone!
In two days, we’ll be on our way home! So, enjoy the break and meet me on the bridge when you’re done. We have a communiqué from our beloved employer, Doctor Maxwell Sohn.” The very mention of their enigmatic benefactor peaks their interest, and they all look forward to the viewing.
A half-hour later, the gang floats up to the bridge; laughing and jockeying for position in the narrow passageway. Toby is first to cross the finish-line, just a few feet ahead of her crewmates. Looking back, she sees them all tangled in a mass of twisted arms and legs; each struggling competitively to see who’ll come in second!
Cooper breaks free from the weightless game of twister, by ramming poor Harper’s shoulder into the door frame, and pushing off from his crumpled body and into the bridge. Harper cries out from the impact, with no regard for his masculinity whatsoever!
Soon, they’re all massed at the only spot on the ship that always grabs their attention; the cupola. Outside the ship, at a distance of 500-feet, their hard-won-prize hangs suspended in space. Strong lights bath the large object in all its glorious splendor!
Behind them at the science console, Braxton waits patiently while his juvenile crew, expends their child-like energies, before settling down.
“Okay gang, I asked you all to join me, so I could show the video we received from Doctor Max. We don’t hear from him often, so I thought you might be interested.”
It takes nearly 18-minutes for electromagnetic-radiation to travel the great distance from Earth to the Revenge. Light is fast, but not that fast really! Live two-way communication is quite impossible, using current laws of physics. On a monitor above the science console, a man of about 50, with pleasant facial features and an unruly mop of graying hair, appears.
“Greetings my deep-space faring friends! I hope you’re doing well and enjoying a successful last venture into the great beyond. I look forward to seeing you all back here on planet earth soon. I imagine that it’s been a very long six-years, but rest assured it will all be worth the great sacrifices that you have bravely endured.” The doctor promises enthusiastically, adding....
“After reviewing the data that Captain Crane has sent me, concerning the asteroid you’ve lovingly nicknamed ‘Baker’, I’ve decided to double the bonus you all look forward to receiving. That boulder is spectacular in every way, and the effort is more than appreciated!
Besides, it’s not often that one of my crews manage to bring home an extra rock before their contract expires. I’m very proud of you all! Now, I won’t take up any more of your time. I look forward to seeing you safely back home soon. Take care my friends, and I’ll do the same.” Then, with an ear-to-ear smile, the good doctor signs off....  “Chow!” .... the transmission ends.
The crew goes ballistic! The room explodes with hoots, hollers, and whistles! The bonus was supposed to be 10-million-dollars-each; so now that it’s to be doubled, their lovely space-cake has a golden cherry on top!
Braxton allows them to blow off steam for a respectful amount of time, before bringing them back down to earth. “Ok everyone, please calm down.... Calm down everyone.... and for god’s sake Toby, soak up those tears!” He blurts instinctively, with safety ever-present on his mind.
Poor Toby, overcome with emotion, can’t help herself! Cooper, pulls a tissue from her pocket, soaking up the tiny droplets as they float past on their way to dampen something electrical. “Don’t mind him Toby! You cry all you want! I have your back!” Cooper offers compassionately. Turning to Braxton, she sticks out a defiant tongue!
“I’m sorry, Toby.” Braxton regrets sincerely, as he floats over and gives her a hug. “You know how I get when safety is an issue. Forgive me?” He begs genuinely, as he gazes into her teary yet beautiful emerald-eyes.
With a watery glance, she looks at him blinkingly and smiles. “Oh, you big dummy! Of course, I forgive you! Besides, we’re rich now! Richer than astronauts! Or at least a lot richer than they used to be!” She screams out, returning his hug with enthusiasm!
After the affection-fest, he reminds them that they’re not spending the money yet. “We still have a job to complete safely before the sand is running between our toes, people.... Harp, please move us to the towing coordinates in front of Baker.”
Floating back to the science console, Braxton retrieves a tiny bag full of numbered-disks and gives it a good shake. “You all know the drill, my friends. The two highest numbers win the job of attaching our tow-line to Baker’s rocket-pack.”
Reaching into the bag, he takes a disk, as do the rest of the motley crew, minus Harper of course. The poor fellow couldn’t EVA if his life depended on it! After a quick review; Adam and the captain are the unlucky ones. “Harp, you have the con.” Braxton delegates, as he relinquishes control of the Revenge to his grateful first officer.
Kara lassos herself a space heart!
Back on the bridge after removing the tow cable, Braxton tosses a key to Toby. “Won’t you be a dear and ignite the rocket-pack? .... Let’s send our good buddy on his way to Mars!”
With a raucous hoopla to beat all raucous hoopla’s, the gang at the cupola waits for the show to begin! Toby nearly gets a strike as she bowls into everyone in her haste to not miss out.
“Jeez Toby! Float much?” Harper howls, rubbing a new bump growing on his forehead.
“Sorry Harp. I just don’t want to mis”....
Her words are cut short as a brilliant light fills the bridge! Outside, the rocket-pack has come to life! A bubble of searing flames, reach halfway to the containment bag, putting great strain on the cables! A more beautiful sight rarely comes along!
Within 60-seconds, Big Baker has doubled his rate of orbital departure. After a lifetime of perhaps billions of years, the frozen boulder is grudgingly on his way to the Martian chop shops!
Satisfied that no more needs to be done, Braxton requests Mister Williams, to lay in a course for Mars. During the next 50-days, the crew will enjoy mind-numbing boredom, mixed with just the right amount of daydreaming about their glorious retirement to come!
As the ship accelerates away from Baker, on a much more direct trajectory to Mars, the crew can feel the artificial gravity coming back into their lives. The array of Ion engines pour thrust into space at nearly 200-miles-per-second!
Now, while the spacecraft doesn’t attain this velocity, the thrust is enough to cause an ever-increasing acceleration. Thanks to inertial forces within the crew’s bodies, this constant acceleration is perceived as good old gravity! Natural or not, it keeps their feet on the floor, and real food cooking on the stove without floating from the frying pan!
Now, Braxton can fulfill his promise of creating a culinary treat for his hard-working crew. Also, everybody can enjoy a real shower again, after many days of wet-wipe torture!
Halfway to Mars, Harper reduces power on the main engines and all the artificial gravity they’ve been enjoying, ceases as acceleration stops. After turning the ship, and now traveling backwards, he pushes the throttles back to full power. Soon, the relief of having gravity once again, soothes the psyches of the weary asteroid miners.... Life is good once again!
Before you know it, the Queen Anne’s Revenge is within 10,000-miles of the red planet. Contacting orbital authorities, Braxton obtains clearance and trajectory coordinates for the space station. The tiny red planet has become a very active place, since Doctor Sohn first focused his immense resources to the furthering of humanity’s conquest of space.
Soon, the Queen is approaching the asteroid processing facility which orbits the planet at an altitude of 2,000-miles. All crew members are on the bridge with their faces plastered against the cupola, as the awesome red planet looms large!
Kara can hardly curb her enthusiasm! “Oh, my god! I can’t believe we’re actually here! Somebody pinch me!” She yells jokingly, not thinking anybody was listening.
While not one to miss an opportunity for poetic payback, Harper reaches in, planting a healthy one on the side of her ribs. “Ouch! .... Goddamn it Harper!” She curses venomously, kicking out instinctively, sending him flying into poor Adam and Jax!
“Damn! .... Good one Harp!” She admits painfully, rubbing the spot and wishing she had noticed him so close before opening her big mouth. “And look, Mars is still there! I’m not dreaming!” she finishes with a hardy laugh.
“Don’t mention it!” He squeaks fake-soprano, covering his nether-region. “You got me in the nards! Ooooooooo!” His distress is nearly believable.
“You wish! .... If I got you there, you’d be grateful for the contact!” Kara retorts mercilessly, turning back to the cupola.
As they come closer to the processing facility. She notices something being towed into the oversized spiral door. Before she can fully analyze the situation, Braxton floats in next to her, and she immediately forgets what she’s thinking about!
“Hey there, good looking.” Kara hears Braxton’s words, but he was gazing out at the factory when he spoke! She’s confused, until he continues. “Kara, do you see that silver object being towed into the factory?” He asks, pointing.
She squints her eyes for effect. “Well, yes I do, cap. It looks vaguely familiar. Do you know something I don’t know?” She inquires, even though she has something completely different on her devious mind as she prepares to pounce!
“Of course, pretty lady! That’s all part of being the captain.” He chuckles, adding. “I just got off the radio with Nate Johnson, the head of receiving at the facility. He told me that the object being towed in right now, is the very first rock we captured 6-years-ago! It’s finally just made it here! I can’t believe our timing! I mean the odds are....”
Before he can finish his sentence, Kara pounces! She plants a hot kiss on his lips, leaving him in shock! Before he can catch his breath and recover, she turns towards her shipmates.
“Hey Cooper, Toby.... everyone!” she yells, pointing. “That’s our very first rock, being towed into the processing facility there! Can you believe it? The captain was just trying to estimate the odds for us being here at this precise moment in time, but his calculations somehow went haywire.” Turning back to Braxton. “You were saying, captain? Before you were so hotly interrupted?” She sends him a sensuous wink, causing another heart palpitation!
Braxton was never one to stammer, but he stammers now. Rolling his eyes upward, giving the look of a person who’s heavily calculating, he attempts to answer....
“Well, I figure.... Um, let’s see now.... well.... Okay, divide by pi, carry the infinity.... I calculate that the odds are .... astronomical!” His face turns red, as the group roles in laughter! Kara glides closer, kissing him again, but for much longer this time!
Everybody else, is still focused on that very first rock that helped make them all very rich. Very rich indeed!
Inside the mostly automated facility, powerful molecular disrupters chew away at the large metallic object. Breaking it down into its basic chemical-elements and sorting them into different categories by use of powerful centrifugation and electromagnetic manipulation. Undesired elements are packaged and shot back into space, via a mini magnetic railgun.
Fortunately, the unwanted material is a tiny percentage of the haul. Most of the matter is iron/nickel molecules, but there’s plenty of other elements too. Elements such as cobalt, manganese, tungsten, molybdenum, gold, platinum, silver, and an assortment of others that are very useful materials used in the construction of Doctor Sohn’s starships and scientific empire.
After the tedious process of separating the elements, the iron-molecules are melted and mixed with chromium and other ingredients to form micron-sized particles of stainless steel. Then, industrial-strength metallic-printers, get to work fusing the steel particles. In 3-days, this process will print a plate of stainless steel that’s 20-feet-long, 12-feet-wide, and one-inch-thick.
There are hundreds; and soon to be thousands of these types of printers in Martian orbit. They’ll also print skeletal girders and exotically shaped outer-hull sections for the demanding dimensions of the starships.
They work tirelessly and without complaint, to provide building materials for the growing infrastructural needs of the red planet, Sohn Space Systems, and humanity’s ultimate goal; traveling to favorable worlds and setting up baby making factories.
Queen Anne’s Revenge, parks at the space station where hundreds of astronauts live and work while at Mars. Electromagnetic clamps hold her snuggly against an airlock. There are dozens of other ships parked nearby, including some of the retired harpoon-class mining vessels.
Having already prepared the ship for arrival, and after Cooper links the electrical system with that of the space station, the crew needs only to shutdown of the diminutive fusion-reactor, that had dutifully kept them warm and alive for the past six years. Soon, it’s time to say goodbye to the beautiful Queen and turn out the lights for the final time.
“Don’t look back, Toby.” Cooper advises as they float weightlessly along a pressurized corridor that’ll take them to the stations internal transport system. “Our future is ahead, not behind.” She reminds kindly, while Toby forces herself to not look back. She seems to brighten the further they get from the ship!
At the end of the corridor is an elevator that’ll take them to the main, rotating section of the station. At about 1,500-feet-in-diameter, the rotating outer-ring, produces a full g of centrifugal force on the occupants. As the elevator moves away from the ships docking area at the hub, the crew begins to feel the force as it washes through their bodies.
The journey to the outer ring takes a half-hour; which is a good thing, because all need time to adapt. They haven’t felt a full g, since the last time they visited the station, six-months earlier. Nausea nips at their psyche as they finally arrive at the rotating section.
The elevator doors open, and they exit on shaky legs, as their muscles have begun to atrophy from just a short time without full gravity. The first order of business is to visit the medical department and have a general exam performed.
After the doctors find their physical and mental states to be satisfactory, they’re injected with a small dose of adrenaline that’ll ease their transition back to full-g. Following the doctor’s advice, they decide to take it easy and get a bite of food at the mess hall, before registering for sleeping quarters.
As they enter the chow hall, the sight of all the food, nearly overwhelms their senses! It’s been a very long time since they’ve seen such culinary delights. “Hey cap, have you ever seen such good-looking food?” Ling asks, not remembering Braxton’s culinary efforts.
“It’s incredible and smells great, Ling. I only wish I could’ve prepared you all, something half this nice.” He says graciously, adding.... “Oh, and by the way Ling; along with the rest of you. Now that we’re officially done with this contract, I just want to remind you that I am no longer your captain.... In fact, I’m nobody’s captain anymore. Okay?” He says firmly, hoping for favorable response.
“Copy that, captain!” Cooper responds defiantly with a mighty laugh.
“Whatever you say, captain!” Jax blurts out, comically.
“Did you say something, captain?” Adam inquired jokingly.
These are some of the smart-ass comments bantered about, as they all have a great laugh while grabbing food trays and utensils. Then, Kara turns to Braxton, whispering with a sensual smile. “You’ll always be my captain.... Mister Braxton Crane!” She winks seductively.
After nearly dropping his food tray, Braxton realizes that it wasn’t just the asteroids that were captured out in deep space; his heart was captured also!
Finding two tables at a large viewport, they eat and watch the red planet go past every 93-seconds. If not for the viewport, a person would never even know that they’re traveling in a circle; no discomfort or equilibrium imbalance, whatsoever.
Not only does the beautiful Martian-jewel go past the window often, but also the many starships and new facilities being constructed in higher orbits. They reflect glints of weak starlight, illuminating the structures in a ghostly manner.
All the construction projects are just the beginning of what’s to come. There’s even a new space station being built, yet as of that day it’s only a partial skeleton of what’s to come. In about 20-years, it’ll be completed. Dwarfing the old station by nearly 3-times!
Beyond the partially completed space station, the skeletal frameworks of what will someday become four starships, is illuminated by a giant array of lights that brightens the area like so many tiny suns. So many lights in fact, that shadows are a rare thing amongst the workers that toil around the clock, attaching steel plates here, or connecting frameworks there.
The partially constructed starships are surrounded by gigantic scaffolding that also contain the worker’s quarters, mess hall, operations control, supplies, and other necessary pressurized compartments. There is no gravity to be found at the starship construction zone, so the workers accomplish their tasks in ten-day rotational schedules. This allows them to return to the main space station periodically, to regenerate their bodies and minds.
“Does anyone actually know how Doctor Sohn finances all this stuff?” Adam puts the question during a lull in the conversation.
Cooper adds her two-cents-worth. “Well, from what I understand.... at 17-years-old, he became the sole-inheritor of a vast, old-money-fortune, that grew from precious metals mining in South America over the past 200-years. Having been educated at UC Berkeley, he became heavily involved with environmental groups. He battled his board of directors to close down the mines and restore the environment, as best they could.”
She sips her tea... continuing. “It took him years to convince the board that greater profits could be achieved by investing in space technologies. Soon after his space-ventures began, he had an epiphany about how to expand humanity’s existence to other worlds, and the rest is history in the making.”
She informs, adding. “Any of the rocks we’ve captured, will provide several-billion-dollars in precious and semi-precious metals. He can’t dump a fraction of that on the world market without destroying the value. So, he’s packing tons of pure gold, platinum, and other rare metals into his starships for future use out there.” She points out the view port.
Cooper the longwinded, continues. “Besides, Earth can’t possibly use that much gold, or other metals in a million years, and gold is one of the rarest and most beautiful metals in the entire known-universe. It has special properties that transcend most other metals. So, it’s his belief that it will have great value, not only to humans but also to any intelligent life-forms we might need to bargain with. A financial head-start if you will. That, plus he holds fundraisers twice a year.” She says chucklingly, hoping nobody fell asleep.
Harper, who was falling asleep, has one final head-bob before pseudo-gravity wins the day! Before he can react in a meaningful way, his head drops faster than his weakened neck muscles can stop it, and his face falls into his food tray! The poor fellow!
Jerking hard, he nearly falls out of his chair! His face had morphed into a Picasso masterpiece gone horribly wrong! Mashed potatoes are plugging one nostril, a chunk of mystery-meat is lodged in the other, his forehead is smeared with gravy!
Laughing so hard at poor Harpers misfortune, they almost pee themselves! Wiping tears from her face, Cooper can hardly speak. “Oh my god, Harper! .... Really? I’ve never bored anybody so badly that they fell into their food!”
Still hysterical, she adds insult to injury. “Hey, are you going to eat that piece of meatloaf stuck in your nose, or just suck it in? “Wow! .... Gravity; one....  Harper; zero!”
Still laughing hard, she hands him a bunch of napkins. He wipes his face with one hand and rubs his whiplashed neck with the other. He’s completely humiliated and mortified beyond recognition!
Harper responds with a sticky face. “Okay, okay, so how long before I live this one down? Oh, never mind. I already know the answer.” He quickly realizes that they’ll all have copies of the security video, before they leave for Earth. The humiliation factor goes off the scale!
Not one to let his former first officer be humiliated without some support, Braxton speaks up. “Now don’t let it get you down, Harp,” he encourages, trying not to laugh, “just keep thinking about how you’re going to spend all those millions, when we get home.”
Suddenly, a smile crosses Harpers sticky face. His mood soars like a bird as he remembers that he’s now wealthy beyond the fortunes of most human beings. Gravy-faced, or not!
The next morning, they board a transport, settling in for a relaxing trip back to Earth. Kara and Braxton sit next to each other, looking frazzled in a satisfied way.... Life will never be same for them after the all-nighter they just pulled! They’ll be happily married via video, long before reaching Earth!
The journey promises to be two-months of low gravity and boring food, but they don’t care. Just knowing that this is the final leg of what seemed like an impossibly long journey 6-years earlier, helps enormously. Braxton’s data-pad chirps, a video file had just arrived. It’s from Doctor Sohn; congratulating them on a successful completion of their contract and offering more work if they so desire.
The freshly minted retirees, make a reply video, thanking the good doctor for his offer, but politely not taking it. They explain about their plans to move to Belize and open a submarine-based sightseeing company. They’ll call it ‘Blue Hole Delight’, offering submarine rides into the world-famous geological anomaly.
On their outward journey from Mars, they look down as they pass over Olympus Mons, the largest and tallest volcano in the solar system. It’s one of the few places on Mars that supports large groups of workers in sealed-off lava tubes. Sealed and pressurized, the tubes are perfect natural barriers against the intense solar radiations that constantly scorch the planet’s surface. Plus, the inhabitants don’t have to wear space suits all the time!
Life is almost normal for the volcano dwellers; except that they must either rotate back to the space station for a dose of gravity every month or endure visits to a centrifugal machine on the surface of the planet. This machine puts gravitational loads on their bodies for about an hour every day, ensuring that the low gravity of only 38%-g, will not entropy their bodies too much. Most, opt for the machine as the elevator ride to space, takes 10-days round trip!
Also, many green plants for both food and fun, grow abundantly under artificial suns. Everything grows kind of spindly, but what the hay. The ‘mole people’ of Mars, perform an invaluable service to the human race, by processing tons of Martian polar ice into oxygen and hydrogen every day. Everyone realizes that colonizing Mars is only a stepping-stone to the stars, and not a viable substitute for true, earth-like conditions. 
Their transport passes near one of the three space elevators that protrudes up from the Martian equator just south of Olympus Mons. They’re connected tightly to the planet by use of a strong and light-weight cable that employs the Bouligand spiraling-fiber design. The same as used in the asteroid bagging system.
The cables rise into the Martian sky, extending 1,000-miles into space, where it’s counter-weighted with a metallic asteroid in geostationary orbit. The elevator system is capable of supporting 50-tons of cargo and people in a capsule-like conveyance.
Through the middle of the capsule, the cable travels tightly against hundreds of heavy-duty motorized rollers, using friction to climb and descend from space. It’s 200-miles straight up to the first transfer station, with other stations higher up. It’s the main transport for delivery of the vast amounts of liquid-oxygen, or LOX for short, that’s required by both humans and propulsion systems. There really is no other way to achieve such a lofty goal, in an economical fashion.
The explosive hydrogen is condensed into liquid form and accelerated off the planet by use of electromagnetic railguns. Utilizing the volcanoes sloping sides as a natural ramp, they ascend into space much too rapidly for a human to endure. This process safely transports tons of hydrogen fuel into space, at a fraction of cost for rockets. Without this fuel supply, humans could never hope to reach for the stars, and the worlds that we need so badly!
Gathered in the transports lounge area, the astronauts enjoy a comradeship free of any duties or hierarchical obligations. In a major way; they’re free to roll in their own crapulence. Especially once back on terra-firma!
Each, hopes their efforts and contributions to Doctor Sohn’s mad-hatter plan for human expansion, was not in vain. They’re headed back to a hot world that’s depleted of natural resources, and always at war or on the brink. Overcrowding and starvation has become a normal occurrence for much of humanity. The global climate grows hot!
These eight brave astronauts have ‘earned the right’ to live among the few (haves), while the many (have not’s) struggle to make ends meet. It’s been survival of the fittest since we crawled out of the primordial goo, and it’ll be that way until the uncompromising end!
Humanity’s ‘good old days’ will have to redevelop and resume, out among the stars.... ‘Or not’ .... It will all depend on the species survival skills, and determination to find greener pastures.... To nurture the ability for pulling themselves up by their own bootstraps!
The desire for survival is very strong in the human spirit, and humanity is quickly learning that their best chance for long term survival, will be accomplished far beyond Mother Earths over-taxed bosom.
The transport continues to streak through space, as a tiny blue marble off in the great distance, grows slightly larger with each passing day....
Doctor Max
The evening is sultry. The year is 2238. Out of the dark New Mexico sky, a powerful aerosplat-420 corporate helicopter slowly descends.... Its massive tandem-rotor-blades chopping away at the thick, humid air. It lands on the expansive back lawn of the Sohn Philanthropic Foundation, located on the outskirts of Albuquerque.
As the turboshaft engines stop whining and the big rotors slowly comes to a rest, dark clothed security people swarm from the shadows like phantoms. They move to and fro like a well-oiled ninja force!
Some, place chocks at the main wheels and disappear as if they were never there. Another, opens the main door of the big machine, stepping aside like a ghost in the night breeze. On the outside surface of the door is a starburst insignia that’s the official logo for Sohn Space Systems.
A hot, steamy Albuquerque night, envelopes the two people who exit the air-conditioned aircraft. One of them is a tall, slim woman in her early fifties. She assists her companion, pro-offering her arm to the older gentleman. He gives a wink, firmly grasps her forearm, and quite gingerly descends the tiny metal steps that had automatically unfolded when the door opened.
“Why, thank you my dear.” The gentleman says warmly. “Have I told you yet tonight, that you look fabulous?” He asks innocently enough.
With a grand smile, the woman replies demurely. “Only several times kind sir, but feel free to boost my ego anytime!” She offers an intoxicating laugh that goes straight to his heart.
Just outside the perimeter of the rotor blades, Sohn Space Systems chief of security, Bob Thompson, waits patiently to greet his boss, Doctor Maxwell Sohn, and his longtime assistant, Shirley Blackstone.
“Good evening Mister Thompson.” The doctor greets first, as he and Shirley approach arm in arm. “I trust all is running smoothly? How are the new troops working out? I seem to have noticed some shiny new faces.” The doctor exaggerates, as he only suspected that recently requested troop increases had arrived.
“Good evening doctor,” then turning, Bob removes his cap, “and good evening to you too, Miss Blackstone. I hope you had a smooth flight.”
After a bright smile from Shirley, he continues. “Things are running smoothly doctor, and yes, there are new additions to our security detail. Thank you for responding favorably to my request for a larger budget. I know it’s frustrating. Especially, when the foundations security bill is nearing 35% of its total annual budget. Crazy world, gone berserk it seems.” Bob adds his own justification for the swollen security budget.
With half of his mind still in a semi-trance from the rhythmic noise of the flight; and the other half thinking about the speech he’s here to give; the doctor manages to find some focus while shaking Bob’s hand. “Yes. Yes it is, Mister Thompson. Crazy indeed. Signs of the times and whatnot, I’m afraid.” He says nonchalantly as he casually gazes around the grounds.
“Increasing the budget for security was only prudent, my friend.” Then, putting his hand on Bob’s shoulder, the doctor invites him to turn and walk with them. “We couldn’t do what we do, without sufficient forces watching our six; and I’m afraid that it’s going to get plenty worse in the near future.” They walk before the doctor asks. “Mister Thompson, do you know if everything is ready inside?”
“Oh, yes sir, it’s ready. You and Miss Blackstone are right on time. Everyone is gathered inside the auditorium. Will you need assistance?”
“No. No thank you, Mister Thompson.” Then raising his arm and brandishing his cane, he adds jocularly. “As long as I have my trusty cane, and the enormous strength of Miss Blackstone, I’ll do just fine.”
“Very good doctor. Well, in that case, I hope you both have a fine evening. Good night Miss Blackstone.”
“Good night Mister Thompson and thank you.” Shirley replies kindly.
Walking across a freshly cut lawn, they ascend steps leading to the buildings back entrance. At the age of 88, Doctor Max, as many people call him, is slightly frail looking, but still feels productive and strong for his age. He considers himself fortunate to still be able to get around quite easily with the use of his trusty cane; although lately, the effort tires him quickly.
He’s also thankful that he still sports a full head of hair; even though it had gone completely white over the years and sticks out all over the place, no matter how he tries to tame it!
Inside, the doctor and Shirley enter the auditorium. He directs her to a seat in the front row, assuring her that he’s perfectly able to ascend the few tiny steps it takes to gain the speakers platform. Shirley reluctantly agrees, and quietly takes a seat. She understands that the doctor is self-conscious about his image and didn’t like the world noticing that he sometimes might require assistance.
Walking along the front row of seats before going up, he greets many familiar faces on his way to the stage steps. Noticing an almost full house of nearly 300 people, he can’t help but feel a great sense of accomplishment at the success his foundation has attained over the years.
Two faces he comes upon, are faces he had not seen in nearly two-years. “Well for the life of me!” The doctor stands with a shocked look on his face, before exclaiming again. “Brax! .... Kara! .... My, if you two aren’t a sight for sore eyes!” Extending his hand, he vigorously shakes hands with the now 75-year-old Braxton Crane.
“Howdy Max!” Braxton greets. Then, the doctor is practically mugged, as Kara forgoes the handshake and moves in for a hardy bear hug. “Hi, dear Max! It’s so great to see you again! It’s been too long! I hope you’re doing well.” She exclaims ecstatically, hoping she didn’t ‘over-do-it’ like always.
“It’s sure been too long, dear heart, and I’m doing fine.” The doctor replies. “Thank you both for coming to hear an old man speak. I look forward to having you sit at my table after the speech.” He refers to the dinner being held after his little fund-raising performance.
Braxton answers, as he and Kara take their seats once again. “We wouldn’t miss it for the world Max. ‘Knock-em-dead’, my friend.”
The funding for the Sohn Foundation comes mostly from the doctor’s seemingly inexhaustible fortunes, that up until 50-years-prior, performed no real service to humanity at all. Soon after its formation, funds from the foundation were instrumental to the creation of Sohn Space Systems.
He is also supported by a consortium of international scientists and industrial leaders that share one goal; the initial seeding of the human genome into distant solar systems. It’s no small task, and not without its ardent detractors. Most philanthropy groups and many everyday people, disapprove of Sohn putting so many resources into such a ‘wild plan’ that benefits nobody alive on the planet today. These selfish, instant-gratification-types, the doctor knows all too well.
Although he understands the basis for this criticism, he firmly believes that a chance to save humanity as a species, far outweighs the Band-Aid approach of most philanthropists of the day. Especially when he feels so strongly that the proverbial ‘Band-Aid’, would be administered to a patient that had very little chance for long-term survival.
Besides, it doesn’t take much of an honest glance, to see that the Sohn Foundation and Space Systems, does help real people in the here and now; by employing over a half-million of them on Earth, and also throughout a large chunk of the solar system. People that would otherwise be performing no real service to humanity at all.... much like many of his critics.
After ascending and crossing the stage, the doctor greets six of the foundations most senior leaders, as they are seated three to each side of the podium. He opens a slim folder and looks to the audience. Tapping the microphone as is his way, he begins with a gentle voice.
“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.” He glances appreciatively across the crowd. “For those of you that are not familiar with my face, I am Doctor Maxwell Sohn; CEO of Sohn Space Systems, and proprietor of this philanthropic institution.” A polite round of applause goes up. “I wish to thank you all for coming this evening. It is my fondest hope, to win many of you over to an ongoing cause that will have a very profound effect on the survival of the human species.”
After a sip of water, he looks again to the audience. “I put this question to you; is it natural for a person to want to live forever? Or, at least well past what might be considered an average life expectancy?”
“Of course, most people would say yes. Even if they didn’t have the resources, or the good health that’s desired during those golden years.” He estimates, matter of factly. “And what about an entire species? Any species. Would it be natural for them to live forever; or even nearly? It would be a much more crowded world, if that were so.” He admits with a chuckle, adding.
“Mother Nature has selected species by the billions, for extinction. Since the beginning of life on this planet, more species have gone with the wind, than the total number of them alive today.” The doctor recites the facts of history, as if they’re a painful memory! “Sooner or later, favorable conditions for sustaining any ‘one-planet’ species will turn against them.” He states another unavoidable fact.
Pausing, he lets the statement sink into their psyches. “Only the ones with the strongest ability for adaptation will endure longer than most. History has shown us that in the end, creatures on planet Earth come and go, as if it’s a bodily function for Mother Nature to let them have a brief moment in the sun, and then .... hasta la vista, baby.”
“We as a species are fairly new on the block; at least in our present form. Oh sure, we humans evolved from primordial goo, the same as all other species that ever existed on this planet. Only within the last 200-thousand-years or so, have we developed our almost supernatural cognitive abilities when compared to all other Earthly creatures. With these new-found abilities, we went forth, multiplied, and profoundly impacted this planet in almost every way imaginable.”
“We have very quickly morphed, from being just another animal of nature; into an animal that’s a force of nature, all by itself. We easily change the world around us to meet our selfish needs and petty desires. Often with little or no concern about the future consequences. Now, in our defense, it can be demonstrated that we are simply just another animal that nature has produced and developed over time, into the species we have become today.”
“Is it really our fault that our very survival along this path of evolution, has depended on our mastering some rather ugly demons?” He asks incredulously. “Demons such as violence, in all its infinite forms! Deception! Greed! Envy! Or, perhaps vanity and arrogance, to name just a few.” The doctor has them just where he wants.... nobody sleeping yet!
“Most, if not all terrestrial creatures use many of these same adaptations to help maintain a grip on their own legacy. Survival of the fittest and dog-eat-dog tendencies, probably dominate the evolution of life across the entire universe.” He didn’t like slowing down through this stretch!
“It’s thought that most sentient species throughout the cosmos, will develop along these very same and difficult paths of evolution, before outgrowing their planets ability to support them. Then, being forced to either expand to other worlds if possible. Or, go the way of the dodo. So, surely, we are not the only creatures that have sentiented ourselves out of a habitable home world, when you consider the expansive nature of the universe. And sentiented isn’t even a word!” The doctor admits with a hearty laugh, adding. “Perhaps, it should be!”
“Over 200-years-ago, the great mastermind Steven Hawking, estimated that humanity was doomed to extinction within a short timeframe, unless it found a way to migrate to other favorable worlds outside of our own solar system. By ‘favorable’, I mean to say that firstly we need a similarly massed planet, so our bones and muscles will grow in a manner that they’re accustomed.” He jumps, landing firmly to emphasizes his point. “Without proper gravitational forces on our bodies, all the rest is a moot point at best.”
He notices that he hasn’t put the crowd to sleep yet, as more than a few chuckles reach his ears. “We’re very fortunate that we’ve survived this long, and that our technology has developed sufficiently enough to give us a tiny, yet admittedly, miniscule-shot at prolonging the human species by inhabiting other worlds. Preferably, worlds where sentient life has not yet risen and hopefully won’t, anytime soon!” He exclaims laughingly, adding....
“I’m a firm believer that many sentient species out there, don’t make it down the technological path, as far as we have. Instead, they die-out on their home worlds, due to the same kind of problems mankind has created. Things like petty squabbles between nations that take ugly wars, or even nuclear bombs, to settle. Or, unwittingly ruining their biosphere to the point of catastrophe, just to name a few.”
“Our demise may not even come from internal threats at all!” He practically yells. “There have been major events in Earths past, that have had profound impacts on life today. Half of those extinction events came from space. Large asteroid impacts for instance, or perhaps monstrous coronal mass-ejections from our beloved Sol. It’s even theorized, that Earth has been struck in the remote past, by gamma-ray bursts caused by over-feasting black holes!” He mysteriously mentions the scariest monsters in the universe.
“Like a blowtorch, these radiation-events cut through the cosmos, sometimes leaving scorched planets in their wake! There is even one of these blowtorches flowing from a super-massive black hole at the center of what has been dubbed the death-star galaxy. This blast of energy is so focused and powerful, that it’s smiting an entire companion galaxy that’s locked in mutual orbit. Such gravitational authority, has many ways to kill!”
“Furthermore, we humans have a star in our own backyard, that could fry our bacon real good someday. In fact, for all we know, it may have already burst in our direction. We wouldn’t know until it hit!” The doctor notices concern on many faces, as he relates such wild facts that few people knew about.
“WR104 is a massive and very unstable star that’s about 8,000-lightyears from earth. It’s locked in a violent and cannibalistic orbit with its binary companion and will one day go hyper-nova. Now, this is not to be confused with just a regular, run of the mill supernova. When WR104 goes, it’s possible that the black hole it becomes, will over-gorge on the remains of its binary companion, and become a quasar. Burping forth a deadly beam of radiation from each polar region. One of which, is unfortunately pointing in our general direction. It won’t be just a regular burp, mind you, but one of those long juicy ones!” The doctor jokes with a healthy laugh. “No chunks of course. Just really radioactive cosmic-bad-breath!”
Doctor Max is well known for his shock-tactics and colorful phrases to help people pay attention. He one time told a friend that ‘without humor, the human species is not worth saving’!
Continuing.... “Science has determined that the same elements that formed our sun and planets, along with the four fundamental forces of nature found throughout the universe; gravity, electromagnetism, along with the strong and weak nuclear forces, are identical across our cosmos. And, that we humans and even the planet itself, are made entirely out of the very same atoms that were created at the beginning of space and time; along with the plethora of elements that were created in the furnaces of exploding and colliding stars.”
“Deep inside our psyches we know that it’s in our very nature to want to travel back to the stars. We have outgrown our cradle here, and the planet is letting us know, that it’s time to go!” He yells, startling some who’ve dozed.
Pausing, the doctor sees a disturbance at the back of the auditorium. A woman pulls on the arm of a tall young man with long hair and a heavy black beard. She pleads in a desperate voice. “Don’t make a scene Eddie! Please, sit down and just let the man speak!”
“Eddie, go home!” Somebody yells. Others turn in their seats to see what’s happening. Security moves in that direction.
The good doctor quickly calls out. “It’s okay Mister Stanley, it’s okay. Let’s hear what this young man has to say. The last thing I need to fear, is a bit of healthy criticism; or a heartfelt question.” Looking to the young man, the doctor invites him to speak. “Please, go ahead Eddie. What’s on your mind this fine evening?”
The lad pulls free from the older woman’s grasp, yelling out! “What gives you the right to play God? Isn’t that the kind of attitude that’s plagued humanity since like.... Well, since like forever? .... What gives you the right!”
Responding, the good doctor retorts. “My my! Now, there’s a well thought out, and lucid question if I’ve ever heard one!” A few chuckles from across the auditorium. “It’s the very type of question that many scientists and scholars have grappled with since time immemorial!”
“The only possible way for me to answer that question young man, is to try and understand why God would give humans a brain like no other animal in the first place. A brain that might very well shrivel-up and blow away, if not for its insatiable appetite for knowledge. Now, it’s been said many times before, and here I shall say it again: God helps those, who help themselves. And I don’t mean helping themselves to the buffet, but in a more fundamental and meaningful way. Like saving themselves from extinction, let’s say!”
He’s on a roll .... He feels good, continuing his point. “Some would say that humans naturally developed a higher power than themselves, as a defense mechanism. I mean, think about it.... what better way to spend dark and scary nights in the cave or brush, than to conjure up a higher power that watches over and protects against monsters in the shadows, or even crop failures. Some scholars theorize that when humans were finally able to develop societies, the people who governed, used these belief systems to control their subjects.”
“Over time, all of these differing superstitions evolved into the many religions that we see around us today. Now, while most religions are a great way for promoting healthy living and community wellness, they have also divided people in ways that quite frankly, make racial-bias seem like child’s play. Religion, is the epitome of the proverbial double-edged sword!”
“Now, young man. You can plainly see for yourself, that the fragile biosphere of our tiny planet is completely out of whack. Now, if humanity wishes to live past the next century, they better get up off their collective asses and help themselves!” Applause breaks out; he continues.
“I doubt very seriously that such a huge universe was created just so we humans could kick back and look but don’t touch. It’s not a cosmic snow-globe that must sit on a shelf, undisturbed.” The doctor relates forcefully, agitatedly. “I say, let’s take it down once in a while! Give it a good shake now and then! Only in this way, we can better understand why we are here!” More applause; stronger this time.
The doctor continues. “If I merely wanted to move a few humans over yonder,” he points a boney finger arbitrarily, “because the grass is greener over there, I doubt very strongly that the question about ‘God’ would even come up. So, moving them lightyears, to other green pastures, is not any different at all. Not really. It’s just a bit more difficult!” He manages a smile as he forces himself to calm.
Partially satisfied with the answer, Eddie calls out his encore question. “Okay, so what can be said for the complicated life forms we humans have built to do our bidding? The very type of life forms that this mission of yours depends on for a successful outcome! Are we to assume that they will always be denied the right of free will? Will humanity take such an ancient vice as slavery, to the stars? When will artificial intelligence earn a place as equals to mankind?” Eddie frenziedly carpet-bombs with difficult to answer questions.
“Um.... next questions please” More chuckles from the audience. The doctor raises both hands. “My apologies young man. My apologies. This is not a subject for me to be so cavalier about. In fact, it’s actually a subject that’s very dear to my heart.” He admits, putting a hand over his heart.
“Ever since humans created their first tool, and noticed that it made their life easier, they have never stopped trying to improve upon that mechanical advantage over nature. And when intelligent assistance was required for the completion of a task, humans of all races have been guilty of forcing servitude upon their fellow human beings to get the job done.” He reminds them of the wide-spread use of forced labor throughout history, by all races of people.
“Even today, slavery continues! Mostly in small groups engaged in dark, clandestine activities, but slavery just the same! This cruel, and horrible footnote to our evolutionary progress, when boiled down and all emotion removed, is no more than just another ‘tool’ in humanity’s extensive repertoire of ancient survival techniques. Granted, that over the millennia, humans found a way to turn this vice into an art form. Only abolishing it relatively recently among civilized peoples.”
“Recently, with tremendous advances in technology, humanity has developed a ‘new tool’. A tool that outside of Sohn Space Systems, is nearly sentient, but not quite there yet. These humanoid shaped machines that most people describe as androids, or robots, have become unwitting servants to humanity’s lust for an easier life.”
“The term ‘android’ is from a Greek twistation of two terms. The first part translates into ‘Man’ and it’s melded with a suffix of ‘droid’ that means ‘having the form, or likeness of’.”
“However, even with the most sophisticated neural-networking systems available, these servants have lacked the ability to have a mind of their own, so to speak. Or ponder the meaning of life, as it were. The science has just not progressed that far yet. At least not outside of Sohn Space Systems that is!” He admits a fantastic advancement in recent robotic science.
“Now, it can be argued that these androids that you speak of, lack the basic mental consciousness required for achieving the status that we humans call sentience. Therefore, using the term slavery to describe their servitude is at best, misplaced. and at worst, a recurring nightmare, when these machine-people finally do gain sentience! Especially, if humanity cannot break from its past behavior of dominance. Now, I must be honest when I tell you, that the thought scares the hell out of me!” He exclaims, adding....
“Having said that, let me expand with the recently released fact, that scientists in my employ have made landmark advances in the android neural-pathway matrices. Making it possible for the very latest generations of our metal-based people, to compete as equals with humans on a mental, emotional, and physical playing field.”
The doctor notices this revelation has produced a profound effect on the audience! With wide eyes, many are leaning, making comments to the person next to them. Apparently, most had not been aware of this news that had been discreetly disclosed by Sohn Space Systems in recent scientific publications....
Android Carter
“Please excuse me for one moment, folks.” Looking at Shirley, the doctor quietly asks. “Miss Blackstone, would you please be so kind as to contact Carter, and ask him to come to the auditorium? Thank you, my dear.” Addressing the audience once again, he reports with raised bushy-eyebrows. “I have a bit of a surprise for you folks.”
“Now, where was I?” He asks himself. “Oh yes…. these android people that are being created in my research and development facilities, are capable of learning beyond their basic programming. They develop emotions. Over time, they cultivate the ability to contemplate the meaning of life. Or, see the beauty in a flower.” A pause before continuing....
“If you slap one in the face, he or she will not bleed hemoglobin, but will instead bleed emotion, just like a human! Without the tears perhaps, but with deep-felt feelings just the same. The most important revelation to the development of this new species, is that they can be taught the basics of right from wrong. Then over time, teach themselves the many nuances of that phenomenon.”
A visceral reaction from the audience as the very idea of machines having human-like emotions sinks in! Long-winded Max continues. “One can only wonder why we humans create beings in our own image. We’ve been doing so since before mannequins, or scarecrows!”
“As you already know, the synthetic people that are already at work in the world, do in fact resemble us. I guess that making them in our own image, is a form of bonding mechanism. It’s a way to comfortably associate ourselves, with something that’s fast approaching our own intelligence. And in the case of recently created androids in my labs, have already done that.”
“Besides, is it not prudent for any intelligent life to have mobility? And I for one, would never feel comfortable dealing with a sentient life-form that looks like a big hairy spider!” A role of laughter from the crowd. “When humanity finally gets out there.” He points up. “we might be surprised to see what sentient life looks like on other worlds.”
“For the purpose of my mission to send humanity to the stars, there really is no other choice but to have the guardians of that mission, the crossing-guards if you will, resemble us in every possible way. After all, the first 15-years-or-so of human development on these far-off worlds will be initiated, nurtured, and guided, by these artificial people.”
“Therefore, I feel its best that these mostly-metal beings, look as similar to real flesh-and-blood mommy’s and daddy’s as possible.” Now peaking their interest, he continues. “No other firm besides Sohn Space Systems has this technology. However, it’s just a matter of time, before others learn how to duplicate our processes. After all, what one person can do, another person can also do.” He grudgingly admits the determined nature of Homo sapiens.
“So, I’ve assigned a gaggle of lawyers to study the issue. They’re working hard with global lawmakers, to make very sure that when this technology finally migrates to the rest of humanity, there will already be strong legal rulings for these new kinds of people to have freedom and autonomy. They will have a bill-of-rights, just like we do!” The good doctor is met with a 50/50 reaction from the crowd;  ‘hell yes!’  vs  ‘Oh my god, what’s next!’  He continues....
“One barrier to the chance of mistreatment, is that they are extremely expensive to create. And for me to say that, speaks volumes!” A hearty laugh, a sip of water....
“I believe that because of this exorbitant cost, they won’t be very common on Earth anyway. Yet, for my cause, they are worth every penny if they help spread humans into the cosmos! Now, with things crumbling for humanity here on Earth, we better work extra hard to complete this task before technology crumbles and it becomes too little, too late!”
“Now folks, I’m not saying that humans will actually go extinct, but our numbers will fall precipitously, and our lives will change in ways that are too terrible to even contemplate!” He predicts accurately, while hoping his words are not too frightening.
“Humanity is very fortunate in that so far, nearly 95% of the android people created at my facilities, grow to be sympathetic with my cause.” The doctor pauses for a moment to gather his thoughts.... “Please let me re-phrase that last statement. It is not that the ones who choose to stay here on Earth, are not sympathetic to my mission, but are instead unable to go, do to varying psychological and or physiological anomalies.... Birth defects, if you will.”
“Some; a tiny percent; have chosen to opt out on the final phase of the mission. After all, 175,000-years, is a very long time to be cooped up in a slow-moving, mostly frozen tin can. Even though they’ll be suspended in hibernation, or what some might consider a sleep-mode, it’s still a very daunting challenge for any sentient being to get their mind around!”
“So, some choose instead to remain here on earth, assisting in support roles. They all have a choice in the matter, and may change their minds either way, if they so choose.” The doctor wraps up the time he had allotted to Eddie....
“So, you see young man, it is my promise to you and all people of Earth, that Sohn Space Systems will not, in any way, shape, or form, be exporting slavery to the stars! I would rather have all of humanity go extinct here at home, than have its salvation brought about by the use of such a despicable practice!” He pledges, sincerely.
As the audience applauds, a side-door of the auditorium opens and in walks a person wearing a green aviator jumpsuit. He’s slim, with short black hair. Seemingly in his late twenties, 5-foot-11, and pleasant features on his dark, olive-toned face.  He ascends the stage stairs, crosses to the podium and shakes hands with the doctor.
“You wanted to see me sir?” The audience, fidgets with anticipation. Only Frankenstein walking onto the stage just then, could have produced a more visceral reaction.
“Yes, Carter. Thank you for joining me.” Doctor Max leans in, whispering. “I’m sorry if this embarrasses you, my boy. I only wish that you might speak to these fine folks about why you are unable to attend the mission. If you do choose to speak, don’t answer any questions that make you feel uncomfortable.”
“It would be my pleasure to say a few words, doctor.” Carter informs politely.
Turning to the audience, Max continues. “Ladies and gentlemen, please let me introduce to you, a person whom it has been my great pleasure to know and work with. His name is Carter; he’s been my chief pilot for the last five years. He is also an excellent research scientist, when I don’t have him flying me all over the planet!” The crowd is stunned into silence.
“Most importantly, he is a sentient, electro-mechanical being who has chosen to not go on the final phase of my mission. Even though he would love the chance to experience whatever adventures might await out there.” Once again pointing upwards while noticing that Eddie’s jaw had dropped, and he had quickly retaken his seat. Carter must frighten the lad, Max figures.
Moving to the side, the doctor invites. “Carter, would you please relate to these fine folks, why it is that you have chosen to opt out of this adventure to the stars.”
Stepping to center himself at the podium, the handsome android leans in close to the microphone as would any novice speaker. “Hello everyone.” His strongly amplified voice cause quite a stir. People jump as his voice booms! Noticing the error of his ways, he backs away from the microphone just the right distance and continues. “I really don’t have many words to describe the ‘why’, except to simply say that I am extremely claustrophobic.”
Chuckles, flow in from the less well-heeled of the crowd.... “So far, I’ve been unable to overcome this emotion. So, it’s quite impossible for me to function properly under the circumstances that are involved with such a mission.” Many confused looks. Apparently, some couldn’t get their mind around a machine having such a human phobia. He continues....
“It has been explained to me that this anomaly was caused by the person who provided my basic psychological imprinting. He didn’t disclose during the screening process that he is claustrophobic. Had he done so, he would have been disqualified from the donation process. However, I do wish that I could go on the mission, as I believe very strongly in the cause.” He finishes, scanning the audience for anybody that might have a question.
A man sitting a few rows behind Shirley, raises his arm. Carter focuses his attention on him. “Yes sir, do you have a question?”
“Yes, thank you.” The man stands with an aura of bad attitude. “The doctor says you can enter hibernation, or sleep mode. Can’t you simply be switched off until you reach the final destination?” A few more chuckles flow in from the peanut gallery at back of the auditorium.
Unfazed by the juvenile levity, Carter politely responds. “That’s a very good question, sir. While most machines in use today can be powered down and stowed away for use some other day, I am not designed in such a fashion. You see, my Central Processing Unit or CPU cannot be turned off as one might do with say, a home computer.” ....
“It cannot be turned off for any reason; or I will lose all of my higher learning. This would be the learning that occurred beyond my initial programming. It’s this secondary learning that’s instrumental in my becoming sentient. In effect, it is the result of my childhood experiences, as it were.” He informs and clarifies....
“On the other hand, I am able to significantly reduce the power required of my higher thought functions, but my sub-processors require a constant flow of electrons. You see, my higher mental functions cannot be reanimated without proper signals from the sub-systems.” Carter hopes he isn’t confusing the issue. He tries another approach.
“It’s complicated to explain much further, except to say that most of the persons created at Sohn Space Systems can go into a hibernation or sleep mode, without any significant problems. But I tend to have upsetting dreams when I sleep in a confined area. Terrifying dreams of physical entrapment and suffocation, with no hope of escape or rescue. In fact, I washed-out of astronaut training because of this phobia. Fortunately, I can still contribute to the mission here on Earth, with hopes that one day I can overcome this dilemma.”
With a cynical look, the man with the question, retorts rudely. “Now, see here Carter! Are we to believe that a machine can have dreams? I’ve never heard such a preposterous notion in my entire life!” Laughing hard, as if he had just told a great joke, he looks around the audience for support, and finds none.
“Well sir, preposterous or not,” Carter, boldly responds. “I do in fact dream. As with many life forms, a complex brain requires down time for maintenance. Dreams are an integral part of that maintenance function.” He pauses, tilting his head. “I’m getting the feeling that your brain could use some maintenance, sir.... do you dream?” He inquires with fake innocence.
The man’s jaw drops after hearing such a scathing thing! He defiantly takes his seat, crossing his arms, scowling darkly, and the good doctor loses a donation from one upset man at the gathering!
To the doctor’s surprise, the entire audience minus one, stands and applauds. Even Eddie stands and slaps his big meat-patties together! Knowing to quit while he’s ahead, the doctor applauds with the audience, but only for a few moments. He puts a hand on Carter’s arm, indicating that his speaking engagement had come to an end.
“Well, thank you Carter.” The doctor says graciously and turns back to the audience. “I just wanted to bring attention to the fact that carbon brains now have some stiff competition. Competition that can also have many of the same phobias and quirks as the human animal. Also, to show that even electro-mechanical beings can be just as independent and politically incorrect as an electro-chemical human brain. After all; it’s not so important the physical makeup of a brain, but the thought processes that come out of its mind.” The doctor states poetically.
“Yes, well thank you doctor.” Carter turns to leave, waving. “Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for letting me express myself for you this evening.”
Now the people are demanding more time from Carter; many across the auditorium are standing with their arm extended and waving. Gazing down at Shirley, he offers her a wink as he prepares to exit the stage. While she still looks somewhat mortified from his insult to that man, she winks back at the handsome pilot.
Then, Carter notices the energized audience and looks to the doctor for guidance. “Well, I started this!” Max admits. “Feel free to answer more questions if you like, Carter.” With a warm smile, Dr. Max moves to the side once again.
Turning to the crowd, Carter acknowledges a young woman near the front of the auditorium. “Yes Miss? It seems you have a question for me?” He states the comically obvious, as she was practically doing the Macarena, to gain his attention.
The energized young woman lowers her arm, asking timidly. “Thank you, Carter…… I’m just wondering.” .... she nervously pinches her bottom lip, before continuing quickly. “Um, I’m just wondering; how tall are you, and how much do you weigh? Because you look great!” She blurts out, her face turning shades of red as she sits down, keeping her focus on Carter. The audience has a good laugh from the woman’s shy manner, assertive inquiry, and waste of what could have been a relevant question!
With a wide grin, Carter replies. “Well young lady, let’s see.” Rubbing his chin contemplatingly, he responds. “I’m five-foot-eleven. As for my weight, let’s just say that whoever built this wooden platform, did one hell of a fine job!” He jumps, landing hard. The stage is given a mighty jolt! The good doctor and board members are startled. The audience comes back to life with laughter all around! Some, wondering if Carter is going to become a stand-up comedian when he grows up. Even the angry man comes out of his shell of frustration, forgiving the tall machine.
Looking for yet another target, Carter chooses a man off to the side. “Sir?”
“Yes, thank you Carter. Can you please tell me what type of material is used in the construction of your CPU, and where it’s located within your frame?” The man asks, quite clinically. Looking to the doctor and seeing him nod approval while stealthily indicating two fingers held only a half-inch apart, Carter knows to keep it short, and sweet.
“Well sir, while I can’t comment on the ‘where’, I can tell you that a little over 5-kilos of pure gold, make up 96% of my main CPU’s total mass.” A wave of shock goes through the audience. The man with the question is even surprised. While still shocked, he wastes a good opportunity to ask a pertinent follow-up question, blurting out. “Now, you aren’t pulling my leg, are you sir?”
“Well, no sir I am not.” Carter, answers the man’s query, adding. “In fact, it’s funny you should ask that question, because my legs contain the power that is necessary for me to live. Batteries, if you like.” Carter relinquishes unsolicited information as a bonus to the mans wasted inquiry and acknowledges another person in the crowd with a point of his finger. “Yes ma'am?”
“Thank you, Mister Carter. I’m wondering if you’re equipped with inhibiting software that prohibits you from killing, or allowing harm to come to a human being?”
Once again, Carter looks to the doctor for guidance. The doctor can see that this interview is now becoming a bit too nosy; but he can only blame himself for letting the cat out of the bag, so he gives Carter a nod of approval to go ahead if he wishes.
Carter will answer this person’s questions but decides that the interview is ending afterward. “No, I am not.” He keeps it short, and maybe not so sweet.
He sees shocked expressions throughout the crowd, but the person with the question quickly and efficiently adds a relevant follow-up query. “Are you saying that if you wanted, you could kill a human being?”
“No, I am not saying that at all. I will say, that if I had no other choice, then yes, I could kill a human being. Or even another android for that matter.” Seeing that his statements are not landing the way he intended, he elaborates. “You see, without free-will in its purest form, a mind cannot truly become sentient.” He postulates; adding....
“Control of that free-will is what elevates a sentient mind to a higher plane of existence; a place that’s beyond what nature intended. I think that any person in this room could kill another human being if their life, or that of a loved one, depended on it. Fortunately for us, this type of event is rarer than getting hit by lightning!”
That explanation seemed to ease the fidgeting, but Carter grows weary of being the center of attention, so he ends the spectacle while he’s ahead. “Thank you all very much for attending this evening. It means so much to the doctor.”
He gets a nice round of applause as he turns his attention back to Doctor Max. “Sir, I’ll be outside continuing the pre-flight on the helicopter if you need me again.” He waves to the audience, walking off the stage.... and into tomorrow’s headlines!
Continuing with his speech, the doctor goes on without missing a beat. “So, you see, ladies and gentlemen, it is my very humble opinion that it would be the ultimate crime against humanity if we didn’t even ‘try’ to reach the stars. After all, the very elements in our bodies have come from the stars, and some are over 14-billion-years-old! So, it’s not so unusual for us to wish to return from whence we came.... Full circle, and whatnot.”
Once again pointing upward and raising his voice for the dramatic effect, the doctor continues. “With your help, we can make a new life for our children out there. It will be the greatest challenge humanity has ever faced. It will be astronomically dangerous! Damnably difficult! Stupendously frustrating! Humongously humbling! Infinitely surreal! And for some, even spiritually uplifting!” The good doctor exclaims energetically, getting caught up in the moment. Determination shining through loud and clear, as he continues.
“After all is said and done; it will be bravely accomplished. This is because the human spirit cannot be stopped by a mere gargantuan challenge. Six simple words can best sum it up. “Damn the torpedoes; full steam ahead! .... Or as my son and daughter enjoy correcting me; ‘Damn the photons; full fusion ahead’! .... Which is more accurate, because we found early-on that steam powered spacecraft are just not very efficient!” Not as many chuckles as he had hoped for. It seems that Carter had taken ‘his’ steam, the doctor suspects cheerfully. Anyway, it actually was time to wind down the long-winded speech.
“There are four starships in Martian orbit right now, that will soon be ready for a very long journey. They will travel approximately 300-trillion-miles, towards the outside edge of the Orion-Cygnus arm of our galaxy. There, they will find two habitable planet-candidates. While these planets are 50-lightyears distance from Earth, they are only 3-lightyears from each other. Both, orbit their respective main-sequence stars that are not very much different from our very own star, Sol.”
“They were discovered by spectral-analysis of the light they reflect into space from their host stars. The star-shade that’s deployed in space, provided unparalleled examples of the gasses and other atmospheric phenomenon on the planets as they orbit their parent stars. Recent studies have shown that these two planets orbit their stars within a range of habitability known as the ‘Goldilocks zone’ and are in the mid 90% range of Earth’s mass.”
He explains, before continuing. “The names of the planets are tentatively, Oberon Prime and Titania Alpha. The final names will of course be left to the people to actually call them home.”
“Much of the details of this mission are being kept secret, due to the fact that there are those among the human population that would love to see it fail. These people would enjoy destroying humanity’s best chance for long-term survival, just to be mean!”
“Because the journey is so long and dangerous, I feel it necessary to send two starships to each planet as an insurance policy against one being lost or destroyed. The next closest planets that show any promise, are over twice the distance, and thus a journey of nearly 340-thousand-years, depending on traffic conditions.”
Hearing more than a few chuckles, the doctor knew that he hadn’t lost all of them yet, but it’s time to end his little presentation. “Therefore, my scientists feel this extra-long journey would cause excessive deterioration of the ship’s energy supplies, and biological viability. So, it seems that there is a lot of space, in outer space!” He states the obvious with a hearty laugh.
“Well folks, I’m getting a bit tuckered out, and I can imagine that you are all getting hungry. So, if you would be so kind as to excuse an old man. Besides, if I continue, all you will hear is technical mumbo-jumbo that while important, is best conveyed to you via the datalink provided in the brochures. It’s always best to have the professionals in their respective fields, describe the technical issues. After all, I’m just an old country doctor.... not a full-fledged scientist.”
“I hope to see you all at the dinner taking place in Copernicus hall,” pulling a pocket watch from his jacket, “in approximately 10-minutes. I’ll be willing to entertain questions, after I’m sitting. Thank you, thank you all once again for attending.” He waves respectfully and steps away from the podium.
Kindred spirits
The dinner is just what the doctor ordered! Max and friends, pig-out while catching up on old times. Soon, Bob Thompson, chief of security, approaches the table. “I want to apologize for the rude interruption during your speech doctor. I take full responsibility for the incident.”
“Hello once again Mister Thompson and thank you for addressing the subject. We were just discussing it. Who was that lanky, bearded lad?”
“Well sir, his name is Edward Teach, son of a Mister Magnus Teach, out of Boston. Magnus Teach you may recall, is the CEO of Lunar Hydro Solutions. He is currently off-planet, and Mrs. Teach brought her son to the event, as they are in Albuquerque anyway for another symposium. Apparently, she didn’t want to leave him alone at the hotel.”
“Well, no harm done. In fact, he added spice to an old man’s ramblings. Perhaps we should put him on payroll for the next fund raiser.” Max jokes.
“Yes sir.” Bob give a crook-eye. “I know you’re joking doctor, so if you’ll excuse me, I’ll be outside helping Carter prepare the bird.”
“Yes Mister Thompson. Thank you. We’ll be along shortly.”
As Max and friends finish and head for the exit, a man approaches. “Please excuse me Doctor Sohn. My name is Jacob Sawyer. Doctor Jacob Sawyer. I am the director of the Applied Quantum Physics Department at the Grand Ledge Institute of Science, in Michigan. May I take a moment of your time?” He asks, while nodding a greeting to the others.
“Oh, my yes Doctor Sawyer! Anytime! In fact, I’m familiar with the fine work you folks are doing up there in Michigan.” He relates information that surprises his guest, adding....
“If I’m not mistaken, your team is developing a new type of fuel. I’ve heard it described as being a star-fuel with no engine. Is that still accurate?”
“Why yes, that’s correct Doctor. Similar in a way that fossil fuels were refined before the invention of the combustion engine. However, we’re having a problem with storage of the exotic substance. I’m hoping we can form a collaboration to figure out an adequate magnetic-storage device and perhaps share notes on any ideas for creating an engine.”
“Well, it certainly would be a shame if we didn’t compare notes. Solving those problems will surely make the next venture to the stars, that much easier. Perhaps in the future, a new class of starship will catch up with the ones leaving soon for Oberon Prime and Titania Alpha. I’ll have Doctor Diaz, get in touch with you soon. We can always use a more powerful engine!”
“Thank you, doctor. I’ll look forward to hearing from Doctor Diaz. I also wish to add, that I thoroughly enjoyed your speech, and hope that you and your friends have a nice evening.” Turning. “Good night folks. Thanks for letting me interrupt your evening.”
Shirley looks up from her data pad. “Thank you, Doctor Sawyer. I’m making a note of it now, so there won’t be a delay. Have a nice evening, and a safe flight back to Grand Ledge.”
Outside, the evening had cooled. Max and friends enjoy a beautiful walk through an inspired garden on the way to the helicopter. Kara inquires. “Max, how are Nyla and Wil doing these days? We haven’t heard from them in a long time.” She asks of the young scientist that started at Sohn Space Systems 7-years earlier. Max and Shirley fell in love with them and couldn’t help adapting them into their small circle of friends. Albeit a symbolic adoption, Max often said that they were the children he could never have, and the screwball scientist he couldn’t do without!
 “Oh, they’re doing fine, I guess,” he relates sadly as he looks into the starry sky. “They’re floating around up there someplace. “They’ve been in orbit for two months now. I’m sure the space station will never be the same! I expect they should be about ready to come back soon. I’ll be sure to remind them to call, when they return.” Turning to Shirley, he asks. “Would you please be a dear, and see if they sent a video today? Thank you, dear heart.”
Picking up her data pad, Shirley scrolls through recent communications and sees a video from Nyla that came in while the doctor was giving his speech. “Yes doctor, one video from Nyla, is here for your viewing pleasure. Let’s save it for the flight, shall we?”
“Yes, my darling, let’s do.”
They walk quietly for several minutes. Each, pondering the beauty of the gardens. Soon they make a loop back toward the waiting transport. It’s silhouetted against the greenery ahead. A powerful machine, squatting heavily on its landing gear, just waiting to tear up the night sky once again!
As they approach, several people come out from a staging area, preparing the big bird for departure. Two of them are Carter, and his human co-pilot, Tina Feldman.
“Hello doctor, Miss Blackstone.” The android captain greets. “She’s ready, whenever you’re situated.” Then nodding at Kara and Braxton. “Hello folks, how are you this fine evening?”
Doctor Max interjects. “Carter, Tina…. I want you to meet two dear friends of mine. Mrs. Kara Crane, and Mister Braxton Crane.”
Greetings all around as Braxton gives an appreciative whistle at the bird. “Damn fine-looking machine, you have here Carter. How many horses under the hood?”
“On a cold dry day, a hair over 9000 out of robust twin-turboshaft engines. She’s bulky but will lift her skirt and dance if needed.” He announces proudly.
“That’s sure plenty of power! Enough to get my friends home quickly and safely, I imagine.” Then, sensing that the doctor is tiring from standing around, he cuts it short. “Well, I hope you both have a good flight. It’s been very nice to meet you Carter. Same with you Miss Feldman. Perhaps next time we can all get together in Belize. You won’t want to leave.”
Tina’s face brightens! “Yes, let’s do that! Perhaps after the launches.”
Kara moves in, giving hugs and a kiss to Max and Shirley. “Now don’t be strangers. I’ll be waiting to hear from you shortly after those heavy lifters rip up the sky. In fact, with some advanced notice, we’ll fly up for the launches, and bring the rest of the motley crew with! It’ll be a fun reunion!”
The doctor offers to fly them to the Albuquerque airport, but is kindly turned down. Kara and Braxton aren’t going back to Belize until the next morning, and their hotel is not very far away; a taxi will do the trick. They head back toward the building, and a second retirement!
At the helicopter, Carter opens the entrance door, and stairs automatically unfold. Cool air-conditioned air from the machine’s interior, flows like a wonderful breeze out the door; enveloping the four individuals. “Ooooooo,” from Shirley’s lips, “aaaahhhhhh,” from the doctors. “Where would we be without our creature comforts?” The doctor wonders aloud as Shirley enters the machine’s passenger cabin.
Just as she’s out of earshot, Carter says quietly. “You know doctor; it wasn’t my intention to let that man get under my circuits. “I sure hope I didn’t upset the apple cart, as it were.”
“Oh fiddle-faddle! We both know he was going to keep punking you until he got a rise. I think you handled the situation with perfectly applied tactfulness. You shouldn’t concern yourself another moment about it my boy; not another moment.”
Max enters the aircraft and takes his usual seat in a recliner next to Shirley. With the mother of all sighs, he kicks off his shoes as the nirvana of the moment grips him good!
Shirley reaches, patting his arm. “It does feel good to take the weight off and kick back.” She admits, while kicking off her own shoes and reclining. “You just close those eyes and relax, Max. I’ll wake you when we reach cruise and show you the video from Nyla.”
“Yes, yes, my dear; that’ll be fine. Thank you.” The doctor closes his eyes, and quickly drifts off to sleep.
Carter and Tina enter the helicopter and close the door behind them. “Will you folks need anything before we leave?” Carter asks quietly.
“No, thank you Carter, we’ll be just fine.” Shirley Replies softly, as she relaxes and reflects on the day’s events, and what tomorrow may bring.
On the flight deck; The pilots put on headsets and begin a preflight checklist. Tina reads off critical items that need to be performed before the aircraft can safely depart. Carter responds by making sure each item is accurately performed. It’s a ‘challenge and response’ system that works quiet well to help ensure a safe flight.
The guide-person outside, waits patiently for this process to be completed. Finally, a flash from the taxi lights indicates they’re now ready to start the engines. With a twirl on illuminated wands, Carter get the all-clear for spooling the engines.
Once the starter motor spools the engine to a targeted RPM, fuel is injected into the combustion chamber, while igniters do their thing. With an audible thud, the fuel-air mixture in the combustion chamber detonates, as a controlled fire is created.
Then, things get interesting for the android! Soon after the flight-idle threshold is achieved, the machine has noticeably come back to life! Electric generators come online, and the engine stabilizes when all required operating parameters are met. After he repeats this process for the other engine, the powerful machine quickly becomes a force to be reckoned with!
Like a sleeping, ill-tempered monster that has just been rudely awakened, this machine is telling the pilots in a noisy and vibrational way, that they had better be on their toes, or suffer the wrath of total destruction!
The RPM’s of the twin rotors stabilize as its blades maintain a low pitch, or flight-idle configuration. This gives Carter time to recheck the hydraulic system pressure gages, and once again make sure that the parking brake is set on the main wheels. He gives a hand signal to the guide-person, indicating that he’s now ready for the wheel chocks to be removed.
Phantom figures cautiously move in under the rapidly turning tandem rotors. Collecting the chocks, they make a stealthy escape back into the darkness. The guide-person signals that Carter can depart, whenever he’s ready. Captain Carter signals acknowledgement, giving a salute in thanks for their help. He then returns his full attention to operating the flying beast that requires the utmost attention to details.
“Ready whenever you are Tina,” He indicates her turn for action.
“Sounds good, Captain Carter; I’ll call air-traffic control.” Pushing a button on her control stick, Tina keys the radio, contacting local ATC, requesting permission for departure. The flight plan had already been filed and approved, so all they needed now was the direction, altitude, and speed for which they would leave Albuquerque airspace.
With all required conditions met, Carter releases the parking brake, and applies just enough collective for the big blades to bite the night air. Climbing to cruise altitude, he heads the aircraft south by southwest, increasing airspeed to 185-mph. Looking over at his co-pilot, he asks. “How long until we reach Higgs-Field, Tina?” He already knows the answer but uses the opportunity just to speak with her.
Tina calculates and reports. “Approximately one and a half hours at this speed, captain.”
“Well now, that gives us some time.... Please, take the controls for an hour. I’m sure you can use the flight time.” He offers graciously. “I’ll sign your logbook, after we arrive.”
Tina’s already bright face, glows even brighter! She happily takes control of the aircraft, reveling in the power. “Thanks, Carter! .... Don’t mind if I do!” She accepts with a mischievous grin. The intoxicating effect it has on her ego, is a drug to beat all drugs!
Taking a few moments to analyze the necessary operating parameters, she settles in for her time at the controls. Even though this phase of the flight is not very challenging for her, she welcomes any chance to gain even one more flight hour under her belt.
Satisfied that all seems to be running smoothly, she works up the courage to engage Carter in conversation. “Captain, can I ask you a personal question?”
“Shoot.”
“Do you ever wish that you were designed with a different shape than the human form?”
Carter, contemplates. “I guess that I’ve never really thought about it much, Tina. This shape is all I’ve ever known, and it seems to be very efficient in its mobility and dexterity.” He says like a dolt, then spontaneously expands on his stiff response.
“Oh, I suppose that from time to time I wonder how it might be like to have wings like a bird and be relatively free from gravity. But here we are tonight, flying along reasonably well with our own set of wings, and defying gravity quite well, I might add. They’re artificial wings to be sure, but they get the job done just the same. Besides, I probably weigh too much for my own set of wings,” he rambles with a laugh. “Did you know that I tip the scales at 275-pounds?”
“Wow, Carter! Really? Well, I’ll never complain about my weight ever again!” She exclaims. “Not that I need too, but still.... I guess it’s true what they say; gravity loves metal more than carbon. As far as the term ‘artificial’ goes, all that really means is ‘different’. I never liked the way that term seems to imply inferiority, or perhaps not as good as natural.” She relates with feeling. “I just wish people wouldn’t refer to you as artificial. It’s definitely not an adequate description.”
Then realizing that she might be rambling, she compounds the mistake. “Wow, you don’t look like you weigh that much, Carter! In fact, you don’t look a pound over 175. I mean, you look great! You really do!” She says excitedly, cringing inside. She hadn’t meant for that part to slip out.... Or did she....
Carter is taken by surprise at the compliments. “Thanks, Tina. You know something? I’ve never received such fine compliments from anybody before. It’s nice to know you feel comfortable around me. Some humans are reluctant to say anything to me besides the bare minimum. You wouldn’t be trying to butter me up for some reason, would you?” He probes....
With a feigned look of incredulousness. “What? Oh, my god! Are you sure you’re not human? The very thought! Butter you up? .... No way!” She says fake-defensively, pausing a few moments before continuing with a sensual glance. “Why, would it do me any good if I were?” She probes back....
Raising an eyebrow, giving Tina his best James Bond look, he responds. “Well, you know what they say about flattery, my dear; it’ll get you everywhere.” He jokes, adding. “Suffice it to say, I’ve grown accustomed to your friendship, so I imagine a little buttering up wouldn’t be unpleasant. In both directions. Have I ever told you, that you also look great?” He says, with the best complimentary tone he could muster.
A warm emotion washes over Tina, as she realizes the conversation is taking a nice detour in her favor. “No Carter you never have, but it sounds nice. Thanks.” She silently reflects on how lonely life has been for her since joining the team at Higgs-Boson Airfield, a year prior.
She decides to keep probing, in the hopes that something more might develop. He did have a way for making her feel appreciated. After this evening, she knows that he’s not destined to rocket off to the stars anytime soon.
That revelation changed the status quo in a good direction. Now, she wonders just how she’ll broach the delicate subject of anatomical correctness.... Only time will tell, she thinks connivingly.... Only time will tell, as she plans her next move....
As the aircraft speeds through the night, Shirley decides that it’s time to wake the doctor, so he could watch the video from Nyla. After gentle shaking of his arm, the doctor comes back to life. “Good morning sunshine.” She whispers, plugging earbuds into her data pad. With the noise from the machine, it’s not easy to hear the video without them. “We’re at cruise, and I suspect you would like to find out what Nyla has to say?”
“Oh, my yes. Thanks for waking me, my dear. Even though I was having a most wonderful dream.” He quips; while Shirley hands him the pad and closes her eyes once again, trying to rest.
The doctor touches an icon, and the video begins with an image of Nyla’s bright, smiley face, illuminating the screen; and his heart! The doctor couldn’t help noticing that she’s floating three feet  off the floor, sitting in a lotus position. Her short black hair, sticking out dreadfully in all directions. Micro-gravity is merciless at times!
“Hi Max!” Nyla greets. “I hope you and Shirley are doing fine! Hey, just to give you a heads-up, Wil and I are heading outside soon to retrieve the magnetometer satellite.” She mentions the tool being used for analyzing the planets magnetic lines of force. “Now don’t you worry Max, I’ll be careful.”
As she speaks, a tiny object about the size of an orange, floats into view. As the doctor squints, he sees that it’s actually a rubber handball. It makes a perfect linear path toward Nyla, bonking her on the side of the head, causing hairs to jiggle comically in the micro-gravity. As soon as the ball hits home, Wil floats into view with an infectious smile.
“Hello Max! As Nyla, seems to have so deliberately left out, I’ll also be careful. After we lasso this experiment and crunch some data, we hope to be planet-side very soon. We sure miss you and Shirley! And we miss the open skies too! Take care, and we’ll see you soon. Say hi to Shirley for us!” He manages to say his piece, just as he floats out of the picture.
Nyla tries to grab the ball before it gets away but is too late. The action causes her body to slowly rotate, and she’ll soon be upside down. So, she wraps up the video. “We’ll update you on the data as soon as it comes in.” She blows an upside-down kiss. “Until then.... peace out!”
The video ends, leaving the doctor wanting more! He truly misses both of their youthful spirits. Nyla and Wil appear to be in their late 20’s. She’s a slim yet curvy, energetic woman of mocha complexion. She has short black hair, as is the style among female astronauts. She stands just shy of 6-feet, and loves to play either handball or chess, in her spare time.
Wil, is of similar height, sporting a sturdy build with short brown hair, and a light complexion. He seems not quite as energetic as Nyla, as she sometimes must drag him kicking and screaming, off to the handball courts. Yet, once in the game, his energy level comes shining through, and then Nyla has a tough time besting him.
They get along like two peas in a pod. Aside from some friendly jabbing, they’re an inspiration to others for harmony in the workplace. Of course, when one truly loves his or her job, the stress that causes disharmony, is nearly absent anyway....
Space station
The night is cryogenic on the other side of the airlock hatch, where darkness will rule the night for the next 20-minutes or so. Inside the airlock, which is located within the micro-gravity hub-section of the station, two astronauts finish with the necessary checklist for EVA.
Soon, they expect a green light from operations and permission to retrieve their precious satellite, which is autonomously returning to nearby coordinates. A handler-crew has just closed and locked the inner-hatch after assisting the two mission-specialists during the tedious task of donning their space suits and necessary tool groupings. Space suits have come a long way since the early days, but still offer more than a hint of rigidity and clumsiness.
In preparation for exit, Wil enters a command into the control panel. After ten seconds, electro-magnets in the deck-plating automatically release, allowing for weightless freedom. Nyla joyfully anticipates this sensation, as if she’s being released from confinement!  Clunking around the magnetized staging-area like some kind of cosmic Frankenstein, is not pleasant.
Finally, .... Release! .... “Weeeeeeeeeeee!”  She exclaims juvenilely, turning her head so she can see her partner through the wide-angle view of her visor. He’s rising in slow motion next to her, and she notices a tool trying to float away.
She turns to face him. “Hold still a moment Wil, I need to adjust your tool strap some.” Reaching to his harness, she grasps an adjustment-strap and gives it a good tug! His boots land back on the deck-plating with considerable force.
“Hey! Watch your strength, little Miss Hercules! I don’t want to end up at the infirmary before we even get to go outside and play. Oh wait, this must have something to do with how I kicked your butt today at handball today!” He rubs in his good fortune, at risk of bodily injury later. The two scientists had a go on the court earlier, and Nyla had a rare bad time of it.
“Oh, ha ha.... Suck it up, Wilber Wonka! You’re not that delicate!” She exclaims. “Besides, I couldn’t let you go out there like that.... What; you want to drop a big wrench on someone’s head? My goodness! The paperwork alone would be astronomical!” She jokes with a snide laugh. “Besides, I let you win!”
The multi-layered attack of quasi-insults slides off Wil like so much dark matter, off a speeding comet. Nevertheless, he found that pretending to be offended, works best with Nyla. “Sticks and stones my dear! .... Sticks and stones.” he says teasingly. “Seriously, do you really have to call me Wonka? You know I’ve been trying to lose that tag ever since university.”
“Oh, you went to university?” she adds, mercilessly!
“Ouch! Be nice young lady, or it won’t be a wrench I drop on someone’s head!” He threatens playfully.
She gives in, “Okay, okay, I’ll try. Although it’s not easy when you give me so much material to work with. Now, let’s focus so we can survive this EVA. I want to live long enough to get some revenge on the court tomorrow.” She unwittingly admits that her loss earlier was not a giveaway, as she had alluded to. She expects Wil to take full advantage of that error, but they’re interrupted by a voice from operations.
“Nyla, Wil.... are you two knuckleheads ready?” This transmission coming in from Randy Stokes, the supervisor on duty in operations. “You’ll have a little over 45-minutes out there to complete your business. Please remember, there’ll be a string of teardrops arriving from Higgs-Field, so don’t venture outside the EVA envelope we discussed earlier, without checking in first; do you copy?”
“Copy that Randy. Envelope sensitivity.” Wil acknowledges. “We’ll keep our wits frosty. Also, we’re ready for that green light whenever you wish.”
“Standby.... Or float if you wish. I’ll be back.” Randy informs with a rare laugh.
‘Teardrop’ is the affectionate nickname given to the atmospheric-entry vehicles that transport the stations personnel back to Earth. After they land, they are sent back to the station unpiloted from Higgs-Boson Airfield, which is located adjacent to Sohn Space Systems in south-central New Mexico.
A powerful magnetic railgun gives the teardrops an initial impetus of 5,000-mph before an internal main-engine accelerates the vehicle to the necessary 18,300-mph needed to achieve and maintain orbit at the station’s altitude of 500-miles.
Another cosmic lift-system is the space elevator anchored in Honduras. It lifts scientists and technicians to waiting transports in orbit. This saves the planets biosphere from billions of tons of toxic pollution that chemical rockets produce, just to achieve the same goal. In addition to ecological friendliness, this system has monstrous economic savings as well!
Nyla is closest to the exterior hatch. She waits with restrained patience for the indicator light to switch from red to green. It’s been 3-weeks since her last EVA, and she’s practically vibrating with anticipation. For her, there’s few emotions that are better than that brought on by floating above an entire world, as its splendor rotates beneath.
Finally, a green light!  “Are you ready, big boy?” She asks excitedly.
“As ready as I’ll ever be.... let the fun begin!” He informs, continuing to check the security of his other straps. Nyla reaches for the control panel, lifts a tiny safety-cover with the tip of her gloved index finger, and pushes a button. The hatch will open after a 30-second delay, as air-molecules in the compartment are evacuated back into the station. Waste not, want not. Besides, nobody enjoys being violently sucked out of an airlock due to rapid depressurization.
Suddenly, the 10-foot-diameter spiral-hatch glides silently open, revealing the beautiful blue planet below. The ambient temperature instantly drops by several-hundred-degrees, and the enormity of space, with the splendor of Planet Earth, exploding into view!
As Nyla floats just inside the hatch, Wil gives her the tiniest of nudges and watches as she travels out into the great beyond. He exits, by use of the thrusters on his McCandless Maneuvering Unit.
Just a few meters outside of the airlock, they use those MMU’s to stabilize over a platform designed as a base of operations. Each of them takes a few minutes to soak up the view, acclimating themselves to the grand void before them.
It’s been said that there really is no up or down in the weightlessness of space. Most who have experienced an EVA, can honestly say that when floating above the enormity of an entire world, with the endless reaches of space all around, there is most-definitely, a ‘down’. And it comes with a very healthy dose of vertigo, thrown in to boot!
“You know something, Wil? Each time I come out here, the sensation is always the same as the first time.  I hope I never get used to this incredible experience.”
“I know the feeling, young lady. Mere words can’t accurately describe this awesomeness”. As they gaze down at the darkened Atlantic coastline of northwestern Africa, many cities and towns are illuminated like glowing spider webs.
They travel rapidly westward, approaching the coastline where the border between Western Sahara and Mauritania, ends in the waves. At 18,300-mph, they streak through space without any sensation of traveling a dozen times faster than a high-powered rifle bullet. The only sense of real movement is from looking down at the planet, and watching continents slowly move past.
In a few minutes, the daylight side of the planet will be below them. Up ahead, there’s sunlight glinting off the far side of the Atlantic Ocean. They, and the space station, make a complete orbit of the world every just 98-minutes. Soon, they’ll be over the state of Florida, or what’s left of it after global warming inundated its coast.
The stations main airlock and EVA platform is located on the end of a long, fat-cylinder. This hub, for lack of a better term, is where the teardrop hanger and science research laboratories are located. The cylinder-hub offers no g-forces for the occupants and has several airlocks.
The airlock Nyla and Wil exited from, faces the planet, and has the best view of all. The outer-section of the station is a rotating 1,200-foot-diameter wheel-like-structure. For the people living and working in that section, this rotational force impinges centrifugal forces in their existence and is perceived as pseudo-gravity. A wonderful thing to have, in outer space!
Nyla gazes at the blue marble below and is always amazed at seeing the incredibly thin layer of atmosphere as it hugs the horizon. Like a gossamer apparition, this delicate layer of gas is all that keeps the inhabitants of Earth, breathing. From an altitude of 500-miles, it seems in scale like the vapor which condenses on the surface of a mirror after a person huffs on it. So unbelievably thin and delicate!
She can’t help wondering how long it can resist the solar winds, if the planets magnetosphere continues to shift and weaken. Paleo-magnetic studies from deep-sea core-samples have revealed that many times in the Earths past, the north and south magnetic poles have switched places.
While this reversal happens, it leaves the atmosphere and organic life forms vulnerable to much higher concentrations of charged solar particles and cosmic rays from beyond. DNA is extremely sensitive to these radiations with mutations and/or death, a likely result!
Current studies of Earth’s magnetic fields, show a 20% decline in overall strength, compared with the past 300-years. She knows that gravity is only a weak supplemental player in keeping the Earth’s atmosphere grounded. After all, Mars once had a vibrant atmosphere, until its magnetosphere dissipated due to a solidifying iron core.
Without the invisible lines of magnetic force surrounding Mars, the solar winds had a field day! Wreaking havoc and blowing most of the planet’s atmosphere into space! Martian gravity was powerless to stop it. While this problem is worthy of study, it’s not by far, the greatest or most immediate challenge facing humanity, during these troubling times.
Slowly rotating, as it’s done for billions of years, the Earth seems to never change when compared to a human lifespan, Nyla ponders. Yet lately, never really looking the same either, she thinks.
The unusual weather patterns crossing the continents, are a big part of the difference in continuity, but she also seems to notice how the coastal outlines are changing too! Each time she visits the station, it becomes more obvious how the rising waters of the world’s oceans are encroaching ever so slowly but surely, into the landmasses below.
The station will soon be approaching the southeastern seaboard of North America, where it’s very noticeable how the waters are dramatically changing the outline of the east coast. During the last 200-years, the world’s ocean levels have risen a little over 88-feet due to the unrelenting ice-melt off the Arctic and Antarctic regions. Compared to the old maps from the twentieth century, the state of Florida is now just a grizzled fraction of what it used to be.
Pretty much what’s left of it is just a frazzled thin strip of land about 50-miles-wide and extending south from the Georgia state line, along the spine of the state. Just south of Orlando, the rest is under water.
It has rapidly transformed from a beautiful tourist destination, into a manatee’s heavenly paradise! Whereas the freshwater alligator is nearing extinction in the area, and the once plentiful bird population is also decimated beyond recognition. The planet is quickly changing, and not for the better!
She can’t make out where Miami used to be quite yet, as they are just now leaving the coast of Africa behind. Many times, in the past, she had flown aircraft over where the city once sprawled. It’s a sad sight, to see only the top-half of the many skyscrapers, poking out from the ocean. A scene that’s repeated across all the coastal regions on the planet.
To make matters worse, the thermohaline-circulation of the ocean’s currents, that’s so important to regulating the world’s climate, seems to be shutting down due to the influx of so much fresh water from the melting polar regions.
The over-heated, overpopulated planet, may soon become a frozen world, stuck in another crippling ice age. It always amazes Nyla, how one extreme of climate, can eventually bring about the polar-opposite effect. But once the ice takes over, it’s a long road to recovery, for both the planet and its struggling inhabitants!
She often wonders what the world was like before things got so out of whack. It’s not just the rising sea levels, but the patterns of rainfall are also disrupted. Where food crops once flourished, all that grows lately is dust devils by the millions!
In comparison, the desert regions of old, are now deluged with rain. It’s unfortunate the soil there is so nutrient deficient. Wars for food and fresh water, along with other important resources, are growing in numbers and ferociousness. Dog-eat-dog behavior is becoming the norm, rather than the exception!
Coinciding with all this grief, is the added agony and craziness of the ideological factions. They develop and unleash deadly laboratory grown pathogens onto the world stage, for no apparent reason, except perhaps to just be mean!
Some of these groups are actively trying to prevent human expansion to the stars. Their recurring mantra; ‘Sending humans to colonize other worlds, goes against God’s Will’! No amount of logic will ever change their beliefs. Which is fine, as people have the right to believe whatever the hell they want. As long as they don’t force it onto others. Especially, by use of violence!
Suddenly, a wakeup call from Wil, over their private radio-link, breaks her daydream. “Hey Nyla, remember last year when we relocated those F-88 Raptors from Johannesburg to Higgs-Field for Max? Wow, we sure tore it up coming across the pond, huh?” he reminisces juvenilely. “We came up on Miami so fast, I swear we shook those old skyscrapers to their barnacle-covered foundations!”
“How can I forget? You seem to leave out the part where we gave heart attacks to the crew of that tramp-freighter when we flew over at 1.3 Mach, and just 300-feet off the water! I bet our shockwaves rattled their ancestors!” She exclaims exaggeratingly, adding....
“Oh, we won’t see anybody down there, you said. We’re way off the shipping lanes, you said. Come on Nyla, it’ll be fun! Trust me, you said.” Then with an incredulous laugh. “I can’t believe I actually followed you down to the deck! What’s worse, is that I had so much fun doing it! You’re such a bad influence on me!  Shame! Shame!” She teases.
“Hey, speed demon!” Wil, retorts. “It’s not difficult to influence the willing! Besides, that freighter wasn’t on any well-traveled shipping lanes. I still say it was a smuggler that deserved to be shaken up. And wow, we shook em good! The only bad part for me was seeing how much fuel we burned while tearing it up at such low altitude!”
“Well, it’s not often when we get to splurge like that.” Nyla, justifies.
“All I can say is it still doesn’t hold a candle to being up here. Right, lovely lady?”
“Nothing can hold a candle to this, my friend.  Nothing.  It feels like a dream every time. Of course, present company accentuates it to no small degree.” She giggles, figuring a tiny compliment now and then, will keep him off balance. Best to stay an enigma, wrapped in a riddle, she thinks deviously!
“Why, thanks Nyla. Except that even though the feeling is mutual, don’t look for any mercy on the court just because you throw me a bone now and then.” Before she can retort, a blinking light on their wrist pads illuminates, and a chirp in their earpieces, informs that the satellite has parked at its return coordinates.
These coordinates being a safe distance from the station, as the power for the satellite is a plutonium-238 thermoelectric generator, that could present a serious contamination hazard if it were to crash into the station. It’s better to retrieve it manually with a gentle touch, preventing risk to the station and the 75 people onboard. Besides, they must perform maintenance on it anyway, so that it can continue with its data-gathering mission.
“Well, my dear. It seems our lollygagging has come to an end.” Wil says while turning towards their goal for the day. In the distance, they can see sunlight glinting off its surfaces.
“Last one there is a monkey’s uncle!” She challenges, goosing her thrusters, hoping not to run into an invisible speeding-object just for being reckless. Yet, if truth be told about being in space, you’re not any safer by staying still, as there is no such thing. While orbiting at 18,000-mph, what’s a few more, eh?
The space around earth is now a much safer place than it was during 2038 through about 2085 when any satellite in orbit was meeting with a grisly end, due to collisions. The Kessler-syndrome went wild, as each collision created more and more projectiles in near-earth orbit. A cascade-effect went off the charts, killing the internet and very nearly modern society too!
Since then, humans have prevailed with an aggressive cleanup, but every now and then, an ancient remnant, collides with something important. Nyla and Wil take their time traveling the 300-meters out to the satellite. This gives them plenty of time to watch the world turning below.
Nuclear ambitions gone wild!
Five-hundred miles below, and twenty-miles off the coast of Mauritania, West Africa, the night has been ruling for a few hours already. A rusty tramp-freighter plies the waters on a north-westerly heading at seven-knots. On the darkened bridge, the slovenly captain gets up from his elevated chair and moves to the illuminated radarscope.
The operator points to a tiny dot on the screen, indicating that their contact is closing with them. “Contact the signalman and have him coordinate the rendezvous for 23:00 hours. And remind the fool to use infrared, not white light!” The captain orders rudely, as he attempts to keep his ship as inconspicuous as a tramp-freighter can hope to be. “Aye Aye, captain.” The sailor replies, reaching nervously for the interphone.
Soon, both ships are within visual, even though they only produce dark silhouettes against the horizon. Darkened flags fly from the mast of the ship that approaches the tramper. One is an American flag, but the ship is not registered in the states. Another portrays an iron-fist clenching a group of lightning bolts. The ship itself, is a work of art compared to the tramp-freighter.
Below deck on the tramper, four men struggle to move a large heavy-duty cart towards the ship’s cargo elevator. On the cart is a rectangular pine box. At 8-feet-long and 3-feet-wide, it’s large enough to be Frankenstein’s coffin. However, it’s worse .... much, much worse!
Supervising the movement is two other men, one of them very agitated. “I’m telling you! No inspection, no gold! The end! .... My client was explicit about that fact, and your people agreed to it! …. Now, if I’m not allowed to inspect the item within say,” checking his watch, “the next four minutes…. I push this!”
He displays a lipstick-sized transmitter that had mysteriously appeared in the palm of his hand. “And one-ton of pure gold sails away, never to return! .... Capeesh?” The man with the transmitter threatens, his thumb poised to push the button.
“My friend! My friend! Put that silly thing away! We are brothers here, are we not?” The cargo-master begs, putting a greasy hand on the others shoulder. “You are right, and I am wrong! Forgive me, my friend, I’m just concerned that something might happen during the testing.”
Pointing to the moving box, he adds. “Who knows what can happen with 85-year-old electronics, eh?” He yells an order, the cart with the box stops, and one of the workers goes to retrieve a crowbar with which to open it.
“Thanks Anatoly! You had me worried there for a minute!” The man with the capeesh-button says exasperatingly, friendlily shaking an index finger. “Now don’t you be concerned about it my friend.... That’s my job.”
The man with the button, also has a backpack full of electronic equipment, which he dips his hand into, retrieving a laptop that’s required for testing this type of specialized electronics. He wakes the sleeping computer, plugs a data-link cable into its side port and waits.
Noticing that the men had finished opening the pine box, he approaches the bulky, cone-shaped object inside. The inspection panel he needs is within easy reach. Using a specialized screwdriver, he removes a series of screws, pulling off an aerodynamic panel from the side of the atomic beast.
Then, taking a minute to familiarize himself with such an antiquated system, he finds the data-link portal he needs, and plugs in the cable from his laptop. It’s one of the last things he will ever do, this side of hell!
His index finger, hovers over the any-any key. It’s chilly below deck, but he breaks into a sweat as he fights strong doubts. Then, remembering the paycheck coming his way, he throws caution to the wind! Taking a deep breath.... he thinks about his family.... and pushes the key!
Electrons flow from the laptop into the cone-shaped object, forcing themselves through ancient pathways that had long ago deteriorated. Pressure builds! Electrical current finds resistance on circuits that should have little, and no resistance where there should be some. Many of the pathways have conductive fuzz growing between them, that had been migrating out of the aging metal, making for a chaotic number of possibilities!
Quite suddenly; yet much quicker than even that, one possibility becomes an extremely bright reality! Uncontrolled electrons find their way through the testing circuitry, arc to an arming circuit, and ram head-on into the detonation logic.... which fortunately for humanity, is still very functional!
Within a micro-nanosecond, the brightest flash of white-light, illuminates the surrounding ocean and coastline of northwestern Africa, after the cone-shaped object, does what it does best; detonate!
The man with the button, the crew, the tramp-freighter, and millions-of-tons of ocean water, are violently transmuted into smashed sub-atomic particles that previously made up the elements of their miserable existence in this universe!
The other ship.... the one with the gold.... she’s snatched up and crushed, before being melted and slammed back into the ocean a half-mile away! She quickly sinks to the bottom, mournfully trailing a string of whimpering radioactive bubbles. Never to become the backup for her sister ship, in the Gulf of Mexico.
That evening, the West Saharan coastline had two sunsets; as nearly 20-megatons of attitude-adjustment unleashes its mighty wrath, illuminating a wide swath of ocean and jungle alike!
Visors, mercifully auto-dim for the stunned astronauts as intense thermonuclear photons and electromagnetic-pulses smash past them! Like sub-atomic bulls in a cosmic china shop, the powerful radiations are unstoppable as they stampede!
Nyla is the first to gain her voice. “Oh, my freaking god! What the hell! Has the world gone completely crazy? I mean.... what the hell!” She exclaims viscerally, as other words fail to form.
Below, a seething, glowing, spherical bubble expanding plasma, reaches for the stratosphere like a demon alive! To the shocked spacewalkers, it’s about the size of a billiard ball, held at arm’s length. Ever-expanding .... living its violent life, to its fullest potential!
“I’m speechless.” Wil manages to respond. “Absolutely speechless!” He’s completely mesmerized by the horrific sight. Captivated by the surrealistic beauty of the seething plasma bubble. Glowing and churning, it reaches for him. Like an enraged beast, it claws violently at the sky, trying to escape the surly bonds of Earth!
After long moments, he finds focus. “Now that’s one of those things you can never unsee!” He jokes hypnotically. Nyla knows he’s stunned when she hears him using a word that’s not even in the dictionary. “Hey Nyla, better check your systems, especially the MMU thrusters. That electromagnetic pulse that just smashed us, may have affected the gear.
Suddenly, a frantic call from Randy Stokes! “Hey, what the hell are you two doing out there? What was that bright flash? Please tell me you didn’t crash that satellite into the planet.” Randy isn’t even sure if he’s joking or not. “What the hell just happened?” He demands again. “Almost all the stations lights have gone out, and other systems are going haywire in here too! Hey, are you guys okay? over.”
“Hey, Randy.” Wil transmits. “Yeah were okay, thanks for asking. And no, we didn’t crash the satellite into the planet. That flash you saw, was a thermonuclear detonation, somewhere off the northwest coast of Africa. I’m guessing the electromagnetic pulse it created, is what knocked out the lights. You might want to check the life-support systems before anything else; over.”
“What? A nuclear bomb? Holy crap! What’s wrong with people!” Randy blows a circuit, before calming. “Hey, I didn’t mean to suggest that you and Nyla blew up the world or anything .... Holy Crap! What’s wrong with people!”
Randy has a difficult time processing the event but continues anyway. “Okay guys, I hate to do this to you, but I need you to abort the retrieval until we know more about the effects this event had on the satellites systems and the station in general. I would rather postpone, than risk further complicating the situation; over.”
With a sound of disappointment in his voice, even though he knows that Randy is well within his rights to be cautious. “Copy that Randy .... My, what a shame! .... Ok, but we’re already out here at the satellite, so we’re going to take a few minutes and check some of its critical safety systems; we don’t it overheating and giving us an encore performance; over.”
“Copy that Wil; good idea; see you when you get back; good luck out there; and I mean that for you too Nyla.” Randy adds with a lighter tone.
“Thanks, Randy. We’ll see you soon.” She responds, while continuing onward toward the parked satellite. Below, the fiery maelstrom is cooling, and blending back into the dark haze. She switches to their private radio channel. “Hey Wil, don’t you think it strange, that the bomb went off in such a desolate place? I doubt there’s a viable target within 500-miles.”
“I would have to guess it was an accident, Nyla.” Wil speculates. “That’s my sincere hope anyway. Except, that blast was from a city-killer; not a small tactical-nuke. Let’s just hope we don’t have any repeat offenders, anytime soon. I imagine this is going to have a profound effect on Max, with launch-time so near.”
“Some accident!” Nyla exclaims. “Wow, I’d hate to be the one who got the kisser full of sunshine! Hell of a way to go! .... Painless I’m sure, but still, one hell of a way to go!” As for poor Max, she knows that everything these days has a profound effect on the man with the rockets ready to launch, and the many others trying to stop his dream....
Arriving at the magnetometer satellite, she’s relieved to see that a systems-panel on the side of the craft, is still illuminated and ready for action. “Well, it seems our big friend here was adequately shielded.” She informs while entering testing protocols.
While she waits for the results, she checks the propellant levels and pressures within the satellites thrusters. After seeing healthy levels there, she notices that the testing procedure had completed. Everything looks good on the satellite, so she connects a datalink and starts downloading the information that had compiled.
As much as she hates to leave the delicate machine parked so far away from the station, she knows that it’s in its own element. They’ll retrieve it another time. “Everything looks good on the satellite, Wil. He’ll station keep just fine for another two weeks. I’m ready to head back whenever you are.”
“Copy that Nyla. I’m ready, and willing. Let’s go see how big of a mess Randy got himself into.”
They gracefully glide side by side, toward the fat Ferris-wheel in the sky. Most of the external lighting that’s normally illuminated, is now dark. There’re not many windows on the structure, so most people probably didn’t even see the detonation. They simply met with one of the consequences; electrical anomalies. “I sure hope the airlock is still operational.” Wil says.
“Well, if it’s not, we’ll just squeeze you in through the milk-chute, and you can unlock it from the inside.” Nyla jokes, trying to mask her uneasiness. She’s actually dreading the chaos that might be happening just beyond those metal walls. It can be a scary thing when the lights go out, and electronics don’t work properly. Especially in space!
Wil gets a chuckle out of her levity; he needed a boost in the funny-bone department, and Nyla is always a good source for that. “With my luck,” he retorts playfully, “I’d get stuck halfway through! Like Winnie the Pooh! .... Now, wouldn’t that be a sight!”
After reaching the darkened staging-platform, they remove tools they had taken for working with the satellite. After stowing what they can into lockers, they maneuver towards the airlock using their MMU’s.
“Okay Wil, you do the honors please, and open the hatch.”
“My pleasure young lady. Don’t let the hatch hit you on the tail-skid when it closes.” Wil risks bodily injury when they get inside, but they both breathe a sigh of relief as the control-panel comes to life on command.
“That’s one big hurdle,” he says, “here goes the next.” He inputs a series of numbers, and pushes enter. The large spiral-hatch open unceremoniously, as if everything is right with the universe. The two spacewalkers have never been so happy to see a hatch open!
Once past the airlock, technicians help them off with their MMU’s and space suits. Tools are returned to storage cabinets, and the two astronauts float off to their lab. There, they deposit any remaining gear, and try to get organized before the 30-minute elevator ride to the gravity section. Wil calls Randy, letting him know that they’re done with the EVA. “Yes, that’s right Randy, we’ll be up there in about 30 .... see you then.”
Nyla is ready to go, long before Wil gets organized. She chafes at the bit with anticipation. Hovering upside down in a lotus position, she blocks the elevator doors from closing, counting the agonizing seconds that Wil is late.
Finally, he approaches, entering the claustrophobic conveyance she’s been holding. “Thank you my dear. It’s great to see the electrical system is still working on this ride. Sorry it took so long to get organized. Shall we use our override authority today?” He asks innocently, not realizing that her mood had soured.
“As if we don’t use it every day!” She retorts sharply, reaching past and inputting a code that’ll allow the carriage to double its speed. Normally the elevator moves very slowly to the outer wheel, so people can acclimate themselves to the gravitational increase which starts at practically zero at the hub and increases to a full-g at the outer-ring.
“Sorry Wil.” she knew instantly that she had been too harsh, and hands him a fake-something. “Here’s your head, I didn’t mean to bite it completely off.” She says apologetically with a demonic laugh.
With slathering sounds, she wipes imaginary blood from her mouth with the back of a hand. Wil laughs, but notices that she’s working herself up into another one of her rare moods. He hopes she can manage to plateau her state of mind, before having another of her little episodes.
He smiles widely. Reaching, he takes her hand as the elevator zooms outward at ⅓-mph. They sit there for 15-minutes with eyes closed, holding hands and trying to empty their minds of recent chaotic events.
They feel the ever-increasing force of centrifugal-energy flow through their bodies as they approach the rotating outer station. Like climbing into a warm bath, the sensation of returning gravity washes over them, as normality slowly returns once again.
When they emerge into the common area of the station, they find a state of orderliness that’s unexpected. Although the normal station lighting is not yet restored, people still manage to get around quite well with the dim illumination of the emergency lights.
Moving towards operations, the space walkers stop often, greeting fellow researchers who are all interested in what it must have been like to witness such an explosion. Each time, Wil lets Nyla describe the event, and it seems to calm her down a little bit, with each telling of the story.
Everybody seems to be upbeat, even though their personal electronics are trashed, and many experiments ruined. Some of them had spent their entire careers building to the point where they could travel up here and perform such wonderous research. It’s not unheard of for people to look toward suicide during these emotional tsunamis. Yet, so far Nyla and Wil don’t suspect anything like that among their fellow scientists.
Operations is just up ahead as they walk along the corridor that circumnavigates the station. There are a dozen or so people waiting in line to enter. The shielded communications equipment within, is the only working link with the world below.
Nyla and Wil get in line, only to have Randy see them on his video feed and invite them in before the others. “I’m so glad you two got back safely! It must have been quite a sight out there! Is the satellite parked at its authorized coordinates?” He hopefully inquires.
“Yes Randy, it is. We’ll try another retrieval tomorrow.” Wil responds, asking. “How are things going for the station? Any major complications arise from that EMP?”
“Nothing too major it seems. Unless you count 142 high-priority experiments ruined, and nobody’s personal electronics is working anymore. I’m still waiting to hear back from the crew that’s working on the lighting.” He informs, adding....
“Regardless, the satellite will have to wait. Doctor Max contacted us 10-minutes ago, insisting that you get in touch as soon as possible. He seemed very upset.... like he was sitting on pins and needles, the poor fellow! Please use the comm-panel over there,” he points, “as soon as Emily is finished.”
Nyla and Wil wait patiently for their turn, as Randy bravely moves around the room directing repair operations and calming excited people. Wil is impressed with the way Randy is holding up during this time of exited uncertainty.
Soon, Emily finishes her call to family below. She holds back tears, as Nyla moves in and comforts while escorting her out of operations. Wil sits down at the console, inputting the necessary numbers to reach Max.
With time passing and no answer, Wil wonders if Max is going to pick-up, when suddenly the monitor comes to life with the face of a worried old man, whose mop of white hair hadn’t seen a comb for a long, long time. “Hello Wil!  I’m so glad to see your face, my boy! Is Nyla with you? Are you both ok?” The doctor is beside himself with anxiety.
Wil puts on his best ‘everything is fine’ smile and reassures the doctor that the situation is stable and improving every minute. “It’s great to see you too, Max! Yes, we’re fine. Nyla and I are safe and sound. Randy Stokes is handling the situation up here like the professional he’s trained to be. Now tell me Max, what have you heard about the nuclear event?”
“Oh, I don’t know,” the doctor says hopelessly, “perhaps nobody ever will. Those crazy bastards blew themselves all to atoms, and it’ll take forever to figure out just what really happened. We don’t even know if the device was airborne, or not. It’s all so frustrating!” Removing his glasses, he gives his temples a good rubbing before adding....
“My boy, I have a request to make of you and Nyla. Things are coming together rapidly down here. Good things, as well as bad. Crucial new information has come to light, and I need you both back down here as soon as possible. I can’t get into it any further right now. I just hope you understand. Now, I know how you hate leaving a job unfinished, but please give an old man a break.” Poor Max is almost in tears as he finishes speaking.
Wil feels so bad for him! He knows better than to ask for more time under these trying circumstances. “Now don’t you worry another minute, Max ole boy! I’ll ask Randy to have a teardrop prepped as soon as possible, and we’ll be back at Higgs before you can find your comb.” He jokes, hoping to put a smile back on the old man’s face. It works....
“Yes, yes my boy!” Max digs deep for a genuine smile to break his dread. Ruffling his mop of white shrubbery, he says. “Thanks, Wil. I knew I could depend on you to not put up a fight. See Randy for information about the teardrop and may the two of you have a safe flight home. Shirley and I will be looking forward to seeing you both, soon.” The doctor breaks the transmission after Wil says goodbye. Nyla comes back, just in time to miss the call.
“What did I miss, Wil?” She inquires, as Wil glances around, trying to find Randy.
“Well my dear, you missed an old man that loves us very much.” He starts the bad news softly, before sliding in the sharp pain of disappointment. “Max is requesting that we suspend all work up here and return to Higgs as soon as possible.” He cringes, waiting for the negative reaction, but is shocked when she accepts the bad news like a trooper who had already figured that part out herself.
“Oh, I suspected he would ask us that, the poor fellow! How’s he taking the fact that the world just got a lot crazier?”
“Well, let’s just say he’s a man sitting on a box of nitroglycerin, in a wagon being pulled down a bumpy road by wild horses.” He jokes seriously. “He won’t be able to relax until his rockets are launched and safely on their way to Mars.”
They cross the compartment, meeting with the busy supervisor. “How’s the good doctor doing?” Randy inquires.
“Oh, he’s doing as well as can be expected, under the circumstances.” Wil reports. “As you may or may not suspect, he wants Nyla and me back on the planet, as soon as possible.”
“I thought as much. Most of the scientists up here have been getting instructions from their respective institutions to pack-up and head home. Many are taking the news poorly. They were hoping to restart their experiments and carry-on. I’m sure the same goes for you two, but this is bigger than we’re prepared for right now.”
Catching himself before he begins to ramble, Randy focuses. “Now, as you may know, we are short of teardrops.” He builds a foundation of pity, before asking the tough question.
“The series of refurbished teardrops we expected today has been postponed until we have more data on how the station is faring. Of course, we always keep one on reserve for you kids, so that won’t be a problem. However, it may take 12-hours for maintenance to make sure it’s still space-worthy. While you’re waiting, may I request that you consider taking 6 others with you? We can use all the seats we can get our hands on.”
Nyla is nothing, if not totally compassionate. “My heavens yes, Randy! We’d be happy to help any way we can. The more the merrier we always say! .... Right, Wil?” She elbows him.
“Yes, yes…. no problem Randy, ole boy! Just organize the folks that’ll drop with us. Have them ready their things. Although we’re not rushed for time, ask them to be ready on a moment’s notice, just the same.”
Randy hadn’t smiled so wide in quite a while. “Fine! Fine! I knew I could count on you two! You’ll both be heroes to six very grateful people. I’ll have Hudson calculate a series of windows for the next 24-hours while you folks pack whatever you need to take with. I’ll request that the teardrop crew put a priority on the inspection, and we’ll have you on the way home early tomorrow” He promises, adding....
“I’ll have the Blake twins recover the satellite for Doctor Max, as soon as things settle down. So, don’t worry yourselves about that. Now, if I don’t see you again before you leave, I just want you both to know that it’s been a true pleasure having you both up here again, and I hope you can visit again real soon.” He shakes Wil’s hand vigorously, gives Nyla a warm hug. “Goodbye Nyla, please take care, and have a safe drop home.”
“Thanks, Randy! Take care!” She offers smilingly.
“Thanks for everything, Randy. See you on the flip side.” Wil says graciously, as the two scientists leave operations to prepare. As long as there’s no big hurry, Nyla and Wil each retire to their respective staterooms, organizing for the next day’s drop. With power outages throughout the station, there really isn’t much else to do anyway.
Before they know it, early morning is upon them. They head off to the zero-gravity section to close the laboratory. Nyla can’t believe how messy it is. Not a dirty messy, but there’s piles of equipment anchored here, there, and everywhere! She and Wil transmogrify into cosmic whirlwinds, quickly if not messily putting things away into storage lockers and drawers.
For about 30-minutes, the room is filled with things floating here and there, as they frantically try to organize the clutter. Finally, they see the light at the end of the tunnel, and they’re ready to power down the computers and turn out the lights.
With sadness in her voice. “I’m going to miss this place Wil. We learned a lot here, and had fun doing it. I sure hope we get the chance to come back soon.”
“The same goes for me my dear. The same goes for me.” He repeats with true sincerity as he turns out the lights and closes the door. Just outside the lab, they meet with a messenger sent by Randy to inform them that the teardrop is ready, and the passengers have been notified. The two astronauts float a short distance down a corridor and enter the hanger bay.
Upon entering, they see the glider they’ll fly down to the planet. It’s about 90-feet long, and 35-feet-in-diameter at its fattest, which is a third of the way back from the front end. They float to the entrance door, greeting people who’ve yet to maneuver into the ship.
They’re smothered in thankful sentiments from grateful folks that desperately need to get back to Earth. Wil stabilizes himself as best he can while guiding the remaining people into the spacecraft. Nyla is already inside assisting. She helps with the 5-point restraint-harnesses that will keep them secure during the sometimes-violent atmospheric entry.
The passenger compartment is nicely furnished with leather seats, new carpet, and a u-shaped monitor that nearly circles the cabin interior. There are no actual windows in the spacecraft, but these high-definition displays will provide live-feed from outside via a fiber-optic video system. They offer an unparalleled panoramic view, at an affordable price!
Actual windows are heavy and create weak-points in the spacecraft’s structure at a hundred times the cost of a few monitors and heat-resistant video feeds. The flight deck also has a u-shaped monitor above the regular flight data screens. Providing the crew with a magical view of the outside universe!
Most of the flight is conducted with faces plastered to the instrumentation panel. However, it’s nice to be able to see what’s happening outside if the urge develops, which it often does, especially during the final approach, and landing!
Upon entering the cabin area, Wil notices that Emily is dropping with them, and is already seated among the other scientists. She nods, thanking them as she dabs her rosy nose with a tissue. She has a look of genuine gratitude on her sad face.
After gaining the flight deck, Nyla floats towards the right-hand seat, but she feels an iron-grip on her ankle, as Wil holds her back. “I drove last time young lady. Won’t you be a dear, and take the left seat for this drop?” He asks, but it doesn’t come out like a question. “Unless you don’t feel like it today, because I don’t mind driving....” Her face brightens like a newborn star. Nyla simply loves being captain!
“Thanks, Wil. Don’t mind if I do!” .... She loves flying atmospheric entry. So, with a big smile, she settles into the captain’s seat and secures her 5-point harness, while her first officer and partner in crime, straps himself into the right seat.
Captain Nyla!
The teardrop glider is loaded into a launch-tube via rail-system. Air is evacuated back into the hanger bay; waste not want not! Suddenly, the tubes outer hatch spirals-opens to the immense delight of everyone onboard! Any vestiges of claustrophobia melts away, as the overhead monitors illuminate the soul with bright stars, and a glorious view of good old Mother Earth!
“Okay, mister first officer.” Nyla, teases using her best captain’s voice. “Check list is complete, and Hudson cleared us for launch. Won’t you be a dear and give us a push-start?”
“Oh no! Remember last time? You spun-out and kicked all that dark-matter in my face!”
“Ah yes, I forgot! So tragic that was! That’s how you lost your good looks, right?” Devious laughter flows heavily as she reaches, patting his cheek condescendingly.
Wil wonders if he hadn’t blundered, by forcing the captainship on her so soon after the event in the Atlantic. It rocked her world hard and another episode is still in the cards....
“Ha Ha!  Good one at my expense, Captain Nyzilla! Let’s just hope we beat the ugly storm-cells approaching Higgs.” He tries to keep it professional, but Nyla often makes it difficult.
“We’ll beat em.... or die trying!” She responds sickly.... causing Wil to cringe!
The transition from rail to space, is flawlessly smooth. Manipulating the joystick just right, Nyla maneuvers away from the station. She updates the passengers that they should soon expect a kick in the butt, as the autopilot must ignite the main engine. Reaching, she relinquishes control to the fancy electronic system that Wil had just synchronized with GPS satellites.
Thrusters fine-tune the attitude and direction of travel. The astronauts closely monitor their flight-displays against the chance that autopilot is having a bad day at the office. Technology is a fine thing.... but its only as good as proper functionality affords. Complacency will get a person killed really fast in space. Second chances are exceedingly rare! Ahead, the planet looms large!
The ship lines-up with an imaginary keyhole. Autopilot activates fuel pumps and ignitors. With a deep resonating thud, the volatile fuel mixture ignites in the main engine! A 50-foot plume of focused plasma fires from the back of the teardrop. The resulting thrust pushes everyone into their seats with authority!
Anything not nailed down, quickly travels to the back of the flight deck and/or passenger cabin! The acceleration only lasts a short time. Soon the spacecraft is traveling at a sufficient speed and autopilot idles the engine. Weightlessness rules once again!
“Window coordinates coming up rapidly captain.” Wil, reports. “Arrival in 3-minutes.”
The planet becomes menacingly close! Both pilots know that they’re rapidly entering the deadliest part of the flight. They’re on an easterly trajectory, closing rapidly with a tiny keyhole in space, 110-miles above the western Pacific Ocean.
At nearly 22,000-mph, things happen rapidly. “Captain, it appears we’re going to be a little early. I recommend we dial-back our velocity. Entering the atmosphere at this speed, could void our warranties .... permanently!” He jokes, seriously.
Nyla glances at her primary flight display, noticing the numbers. “They do seem elevated. Yeah, we better do something about that.” She concurs. “Dial us back by 20%.”
Wil acknowledges, reaching to the autopilot controls. The spacecraft is not exactly small and has significant mass. At nearly 110,000-pounds, it strongly resists any change in inertia. For long moments, the breaking thrusters seem powerless. Soon the passengers and crew notice their bodies pressing forward against their restraint systems with growing force.
Wil keeps his captain updated. “At this rate of deceleration, we’ll be at 17,600 by the time we’re crunching molecules. Still a bit fast, but not critically so. I wonder why the autopilot allowed us to over-speed like that. Perhaps we should enter the atmosphere manually.” He suggests, even though it’s unusual for such an action to be taken.
Nyla likes the idea of manual entry. She glows inside at the thought! Now, there really is no other choice but to manually enter the atmosphere anyway. When a critical piece of technology fails to operate properly, it can no longer be trusted until repaired and re-certified.
“Okay, Wil. It’s been a while, but I would rather trust my slight rustiness, over a possible computer glitch, anytime.” Reaching for the joystick, she disengages the autopilot. “Would you be a dear, and pull the circuit breakers for the autopilot system? Do try to be back in your seat before we break the window.” She checks the flight displays. “That’ll be in 2-minutes.”
“Copy that, captain.” He unfastens his harness, grabs a flashlight from the side-panel, and pushes off from his seat. While floating above, and turned around backwards, he searches through more than 320-circuit-breakers on an electrical panel. Fortunately, the many are categorized by groups of related systems.
Finding the desired breaker, he pulls and collars it. Effectively taking the offending autopilot out of the loop. He’s back in his seat, and all harnessed up, with 20-seconds to spare. “Okay, my dear captain. We’re as ready as ever. Besides, at this point there’s no going back!”
Wil’s statement is accurate; as good old Mother Earth, now has them in her voracious gravitational grip! It’s now up to them, for either a relatively pleasant atmospheric entry, or be turned into a flaming charcoal-briquette that lands on somebody’s front lawn!
Analyzing the flight attitude, Wil see’s that his lovely captain is bring them into the window at just the right angle, if not a bit fast. Luckily, a slight over-speed condition can be compensated for with the right skillsets. He knows from experience, that Nyzilla has the right stuff!
She manipulates the joystick with just the right amount of finesse. Constantly tweaking it this way and that. Her eyes are intensely focused on the flight data displays, as thrusters dutifully submit to her commands. She keeps a keen eye on their speed and angle-of-attack, as the teardrop swiftly encroaches the thin outer-reaches of atmosphere at just under 18,000-mph!
“Wil, I’m increasing our angle-of-attack to bring down our speed.” She informs, pulling back on the controls a bit more aggressively, causing thrusters to increase the nose-up attitude. Now that they’re entering an upper layer of air molecules, the angle of entry becomes more important with each passing second!
The increased angle allows the ship to decelerate quickly; at the expense of extra frictional heating. Their spacecraft is not a perfect teardrop shape but is designed with a slightly flatter top surface than the nicely rounded belly. It has what’s known in the aerospace industry as a semi-lifting body. The slightly flattened top of the fuselage will help create lift as they penetrate deeper into the thickening atmosphere; giving Mister Bernoulli something nice to bite into!
As their velocity decreases from the frictional drag of the ever-thickening soup, the underside of the spacecraft heats dramatically as it mercilessly squashes gas molecules. Outside, those gases compress into a superheated shockwave of ionized plasma, as it envelopes the heat-shield system, not far beneath their butts!
The panoramic monitors, that previously been displaying a beautiful world coming at them fast, is now shining with an insidious plasma which truly threatens the psyche of anyone braving a glance!
During this part of the atmospheric entry, Nyla is flying the spacecraft as if it’s a video game. A deadly serious video game to be sure! Nothing in the universe is more important than her actions during those intense moments in time. Wil stays frosty, against the off chance that he’ll need to take over the flight for whatever reason. Outside temperatures climb dramatically! Now, over 1,500° Celsius! .... Vibrations rear their ugly head!
Their streaking transport, bucks like a bronco! Deeper and deeper, it rips the atmosphere a new corn shoot! Nyla’s cat-like reflexes, keeps them in the pipe, five by five.
After seeing the angle-of-attack stabilizing, the pilots focus their attention on the data concerning the spacecraft’s actively cooled thermal-protection system. It’s a cryogenic circulatory system, that flows throughout the heat shielding; absorbing and removing the vast amounts of the frictional heat that threatens to destroy them. They’re pleased to no end, at seeing the pressurized cooling system performing admirably under these extreme conditions.
Soon, the spacecraft is slowing dramatically, plowing its way lower and lower. The passengers feel a heavy force pushing on their bodies, as stored inertia resists change. The main monitor provides a heart-pounding scene, for those willing to brave a glance! Most passengers keep their eyes locked shut, with hands clenching the tortured armrests!
Rapidly descending eastward towards North America, the teardrop rattles windows and frightens animals all along the entire chain of Hawaiian Islands. Its hypersonic shockwaves fan out, spending their terrible energies upon the surface of the planet!
Soon after tearing past the big island, the plunging glider, while still at a relatively high altitude, starts experiencing a degradation of glide-ratio that’s increasingly precipitous. As pilot-in-command or PIC, it’s Nyla’s responsibility to bring the flightpath back to a survivable angle.
She bravely allows the glide-ratio to further deteriorate just a little bit more; then begins a process that will bring the airspeed down to a workable level for the spacecraft’s structural limitations.
Reaching for a guarded-dial on a side-panel labeled ‘Aerodynamic-flight’, she sets into motion, a plan of stability. “Hold on to yer tin-can, mister first officer!” She exclaims, turning the dial to its first of three increments, which is simply labeled 15°.
This action initiates a complicated series of events deep within the spacecraft’s non-pressurized structure. On each side of the outer hull, long narrow-panels open, and aerodynamically shaped wing-structures are hydraulically pushed into the slipstream in a swept-wing configuration.
On the upper-aft-fuselage, sometimes called the empennage, other panels open, and a vertical stabilizer extends with an elevator at the top which snaps into position. Inside the vehicle, noise levels climb tremendously; but temporarily. If the teardrop were viewed from a short distance away, it would seem to have just morphed into a beautiful cosmic bird!
Inside the flight deck, Nyla pulls back firmly on her joystick, smiling ear to ear as their glide-ratio returns bumpily to a survivable angle. She expends pent-up emotion as she authoritatively tests the flight controls. Tweaking the joystick right and then left, she banks the spacecraft with the ailerons, then yaws the vehicle with slight movement of the rudder pedals. She already knew that the elevator system was working, after the initial nose-up pitch change.
She and her glider now have Bernoulli by the shorthairs! It didn’t seem possible, but her smile gets even wider as she realizes her flight controls are dutifully responding to her commands. One of the most dangerous parts of the flight seems to be past, but not over.... not until everyone walks away in one piece!
Over the next 10-minutes as the spacecraft slows, Nyla adds a second increment of wing deployment. This action forces more wing-structure into the slipstream at a tune of 30°. Effectively, doubling the lift to drag coefficient. She has one more incremental setting to use, before landing at Higgs-Field in south central New Mexico.
With velocity still in the hypersonic range, they cross the western coast of California at an altitude of 43-miles and 3,000-mph. A heavy sonic boom, rains down along their flight path, rattling windows and upsetting dogs and cats!
As the spacecraft spends energy plowing into the ever-thickening soup, the speed decreases enough so the structure can withstand the final increment of wing deployment of 45°. They’re descending at a steep angle and are soon crossing into New Mexico at an altitude of 10-miles, and just under 1,200-mph.
Dark, stormy skies ahead, coming on fast! Not far south of the field, the meteorological tempest tears into the tiny desert town of Las Cruses. It’s going to be a close shave, but there’s no going back.... or around!
Continuing deeper into New Mexico airspace at just under the speed of sound, the two astronauts and six frazzled passengers, stealthily make their way toward Higgs-Boson Airfield. No longer creating a sonic boom, they glide almost silently towards their goal.
The dark storm to their right makes for a menacing flyby, as they enter the choppy air being pushed ahead of the disturbance. Wil makes an announcement to the passengers, warning of impending turbulence.
“Higgs-Field is straight ahead captain. Airspeed is looking good, but the choppiness will only decrease that.” He barely gets those words out, when they enter the unstable air-mass surrounding the field, sending an alarming vibration through the airframe!
Nyla monitors the glideslope like a hawk! Airspeed, angle-of-attack, and other crucial flight data tells her a story, as their glider loses energy against the bumps in the sky. Manipulating the crafts flight surfaces with a delicate touch, she notices the airspeed is dropping to a dangerous level for the current flight configuration.
Reaching, she adds the first increment of flaps, effectively decreasing the stall speed of the aircraft. The ride gets a little bit rougher, but their airspeed and angle-of-attack, stabilize to a satisfactory level.
“Higgs is 20-miles out captain.” Wil keeps her informed, as the margin for error dwindles to the thickness of a split-hair!
Nyla takes a moment to look out the window that’s not a window, where she sees the beautiful airfield, looming large off in the distance. Airspeed once again becomes an issue, solved by another increment of flaps. Soon after that action has stabilized, she begins to sense that they’re going to make it!
During final approach, a pilot flying a lead-brick, tends to develop an uncanny ability to know if they’re going to make the field or not! Her knowledge of the airspeed, the feel of the machine, and above-average depth perception, all add up to good vibrations deep in her psyche.
“Looks like we’re going to beat the odds again my friend.” She predicts confidently, hoping to not give the final phase of the flight an evil eye. She constantly tweaks the flight controls in an effort to maintain a stable descent.
“I couldn’t have done a better job myself.” Wil admits. “I knew you were good at something, captain. I just had to figure out what it was.” He pushes his luck against future pain, but she seems much too preoccupied to notice the slight. Yet, Nyzilla notices everything when she’s in such a heightened state of awareness!
With her eyes still intensely focused on the flight data, she responds to such a contemptuous statement. “Oh, you’ll pay for that Wilber Sohn. Wait until I get you on the court. The pain will be excruciating! You’ll beg for annihilation, just to end it!” She’s now multi-tasking like a champ as she threatens Wil one moment, and the next, politely asks him to extend the gear.
“Okay Wil, landing gear please!”
He pulls the lever out of its locked position, pushing it downward until it locks once again. There’s an audible clank, and noticeable vibration, as the long main landing gears, and one shorter nose gear, extend into the slipstream, locking into place. Airspeed drops as drag increases, so Nyla lowers the nose a few degrees to make up the airspeed loss.
They’re on final approach; Higgs-Boson Airfield just one mile out. The glide-ratio is looking nominal as they fly over the hot desert floor at just 500-feet. Rabbits and coyotes dive for cover as the spacecraft passes over their dens at nearly 300-mph.
“We’re over the perimeter fence Captain. Nothing but 3-miles of beautiful runway ahead!”
Nyla pulls back on the joystick, initiating a flaring-action that greedily eats up airspeed before touching down.
“Copy that, Wil!” She responds excitedly, as the main wheels gently kiss the hot surface of the long runway. Using the rudder to keep them centered, she allows the nose wheels to gently contact earth, and then mentally prepares for the jarring action to come!
As the nose touches down, a series of proximity-switches on the gear are brought together, completing several circuits. One of these circuits causes the deployment of large parachutes from the tail of the craft. They violently billow open, grabbing thick desert air! Rapidly the teardrop slows as the heavy vehicle drops to a speed allowing for breaking action to commence.
“Weeeeeeeeeeeeeee!” Nyla can’t help herself, as she practically stands on the rudder pedals that also double as brake’s when the upper edges are pushed forward. A robust anti-skid system prevents the main wheels from locking-up as she puts her weight into it.
She loves the feeling of rapid deceleration! Especially when it means that she has once again made another successful atmospheric entry, with no small assistance from her well-trained monkey, she lovingly thinks.
“Awesome job, Captain Nyla!” Wil reinforces the image she already has of herself and abilities. “Of course, you had a good teacher.” He says, huffing his knuckles and rubbing his chest as if polishing a lucky charm.
Nyla has a good laugh, letting him get away with it, as the ship vibrates slightly while the parachute system automatically disconnects from the fuselage. Now it’s easier for her to keep the craft centered on the runway.
She lets the machine roll as far downrange as possible; allowing the breaks and fuselage to cool after such a harrowing event. She notices a group of emergency and flight-support vehicles parked up ahead on side taxiways.
Gradually, the hot spacecraft rolls to a stop. Behind in the passenger cabin, six boisterous scientists vent their pleasure of surviving the journey. Life is good once again!
Taking off her headset, Nyla reaches across the wide expanse, lightly pinching Wil on the cheek, saying. “You really were a good teacher, sweetums. I’ve learned a lot from you over the years.” A wide grin breaks from her face as she notices a shocked look on his.
“Well.... Thanks captain! Wow, that’s about as nice a thing as I ever did hear you say! And I even detected a hint of sincerity!” He responds jokingly, receiving a nice wink from his beautiful captain. Then, looking at the monitor, Nyla notices a white limo pulling up next to the spacecraft. “Our ride is here, Wil.” She informs, as a back window rolls down and Shirley waves at the machine in hopes that somebody inside might see her.
Outside, technicians swarm. Some perform a visual inspection of the teardrop, and others attempt to detect any toxic or explosive gasses such as hydrazine, or hydrogen, that might be leaking. A truck with stairs, is positioned at the entrance hatch. The pilots quickly go through a post-flight checklist, and write-up the autopilot discrepancy in the maintenance logbook.
Unfastening their harnesses, they join the passengers in back. Another shower of praise pours down upon them from the group of happy scientists! Both pilots feel a boost to their egos, as the praise rolls in!
“Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.” Wil says with a grand smile. “But Captain Nyla deserves 99% of this fine gratitude.... I only assisted.” Then, the door of the spacecraft opens and hot humid desert air pours into their lives once again. It never felt so good!
At the bottom of the stairs, they wave at Shirley and say goodbye to their grateful passengers who board a bus for Albuquerque International Airport. Then, they perform a post-flight walk-around of the spacecraft, looking at this, that, and the other, in a show of respect for the machine that just brought them safely through hell’s fire!
The wings are still deployed for cool-down and detailed inspections that must be performed, before she’s shot back into space. Nyla kicks a tire, and places kissed fingertips on the still warm fuselage, thanking it for the smooth flight back to good old planet Earth. Even machines enjoy a loving touch now and again, she thinks correctly....
Shirley waits patiently at the limo. When they finally approach, she greets them like the family they’ve become! “Hello Nyla!  Hello Wil!  Welcome back to Earth! I hope the flight was not too scary.” She has little idea, having never been up there.
“Hello dear Shirley!” Nyla greets joyously.
“My goodness Shirley, you look lovely today!” Wil offers graciously, receiving a demure smile for his compliment.
The hug-fest is broken as a sonic boom in the distance, speaks loudly of a teardrop leaving its vacuum-tube-launcher on the way back into space. It’s accelerated along a 10-mile inclined vacuum-tube. Powerful magnetic propulsion pushes the vehicle to hypersonic velocities before barfing it into the atmosphere.
Inside the vacuum-tube, the teardrop creates no sonic shockwave and great speeds are attained. Within a hard-vacuum, there is no elastic-medium with which to create such a boom! In a vacuum, nobody can hear your rocket screeeeeam! At the point, where it breaks into air molecules.... well, that’s another animal altogether!
At the point where no-air meet air, an extremely fast and well-timed spiral hatch opens and closes at just right moment. In this split-second, invisible to the naked eye, the teardrop explodes into the atmosphere, truly like a bullet on Red Bull!
At an altitude of 7-miles, the hyper-bullet still has enough elastic medium to create a robust roll of thunder across the airfield! This incredible exit-valve on the vacuum-tube is akin to the old-fashion fighter aircraft that had to shoot machine guns through the arc of their own propeller and live to laugh about it! .... Timing is everything!
In the limo. “How nice of you to meet us out here on such a desolate piece of real-estate.” Wil says. “We had an awesome flight, thanks to Captain Nyla.” He says graciously. “In fact, I think she could land a lead brick on a tossing aircraft carrier in a hurricane.” He fishes for brownie points, adding.... “I hope you and Max are doing well these days.”
“Well, yes and no.” Shirley responds sadly, relating how each day closer to the launches, leaves Max a little more frazzled behind the gills. His dream of over 50-years is nigh to leaving Earth, and others bite at his effort with radioactive teeth. “The poor fellow had to be sedated after the Atlantic blast.” She reports with damp eyes. The limo continues to Max’s estate, where Nyla and Wil keep rooms....
Clench-fisted lightning bolts!
Far to the southeast, a lone freighter cuts the calm waters of the Gulf of Mexico just off the Texas coast. On the forward mast, it fly’s an American flag, but the ship is not registered in the states. Another is of an iron-fist clenching a group of lightning-bolts.
On the fantail, a false name is painted over the original. From a distance, it looks like any number of oil-industry freighters that sail those waters regularly. However, the only oil on this ship is the diesel fuel it uses to fire the engines.
Workers on the upper deck, perform labor as one might expect from an operating oil freighter, except this is only to fool surveillance from aircraft, or satellite. On the bridge, the captain, a burly, slovenly man in his forties, paces back and forth from port to starboard!
Back and forth! Back and forth! .... nearly wearing a groove in the deck-plating! He’s been expecting an update from the aircraft maintenance technicians a half hour ago. And he’s not the type of person that suffers fools and their delays! Especially when he’s being kept in the dark! After all, he’s not a mushroom! .... They’ll not keep him in the dark; feeding him bullshit!
The helicopter in the ships belly had developed mechanical issues, as most aircraft are prone to do. Its pilots and maintenance technicians are only along for the ride and are not obliged to follow his orders. There’re only two reasons why he doesn’t fly off the handle and throttle somebody real good....
Number one: He was paid a tremendous amount of money to steal this ship and have it outfitted to the specifications of a man who could throttle him, if he messed up! And from what he hears, when this person has someone throttled, they usually stay throttled!
Number two: He didn’t want to end up vaporized, like his comrades on the sister ship. He knew few details and didn’t give a damn about anything else! The money spends the same way, whether he knew the whole story, or not! His client demanded anonymity, and that’s exactly what he’s going to get!
Below deck, the aircraft mechanics are ready to test a replacement part on the old Euro copter X8. The part is critical for flight. Its nomenclature reads; ‘Full Authority Digital Electronic Control’. It’s a computer, or FADEC that monitors and controls critical aspects of the engine’s operational parameters. A must have component for flight of their bird.
The technicians know they’re behind schedule, and operating the helicopter on the main deck is not an option. Not with possible surveillance going on. So, with help from near-useless sailors who laze about the compartment, anything not nailed down is removed.
With only 10-feet-clearance between the main rotor blades and the side bulkheads of the improvised hanger, and 5-feet from the top of the rotor-mast to the overhead doors, they know it’s going to get real interesting, real fast!
If the main blades are kept in low-pitch or flight-idle configuration, they’ll get a good enough idea of the new computer’s performance, without need to lift off. The overhead doors are cracked open, so the air pressure could better equalize during the little stunt.
On the bridge, the irate captain nearly comes unglued! His ship is vibrating in a way that it aught never do! Enough is enough! Storming from the bridge, his mind fumes with murderous intentions of cracked skulls and broken bones! As he gets closer, the vibrations and noise, is off the charts! When he arrives at the door leading into the hanger, he’s afraid to open it!
“What in the hell are those three stooges up to this time!” he wonders murderously. Grabbing the door handle, he takes a deep breath and throws it open!
Just beyond his shocked face, the machine is ripping the universe a new dimension! The main rotor, spinning so fast it’s invisible! Hurricane force winds everywhere! And the noise.... astronomical! The differential air-pressure is so great, it pushes the big man back into the passageway, where he lands on his fat ass as the door slams demonically! Completely stunned, he shakily crawls from the scene before standing. Blood pressure, through the roof!
Soon the ship quiets, as turbo-shaft engines spool-down and rotor blades come to a rest. The captain enters the hanger as the helicopters main entrance door opens and out stumbles the three stooges! Wildly they hoot and holler like kids that just got away with some great crime!
Approaching the technicians through a haze of burnt kerosene and murderous intensions, the captain forces himself to calm just enough, so there’ll be no broken bones.... yet.
“What the hell is going on down here?! You couldn’t warn me?!” He bellows in their faces like a madman! Not offering a towel with the shower of raunchy spittle....
“Sorry, old man.” One of the mechanics responds rudely, wafting a hand to rid of the bad breath which cut through the burnt fuel like zombie stench! He has zero respect for the slovenly captain that he didn’t even work for and couldn’t wait to be done with!
“I didn’t think you’d even notice.” The mechanic adds contemptuously. “I had to test the new computer somehow, and guess what? It looks like your fancy operation is back on track!”
Those words hit like a painkiller to the angry captain! They’re just what the doctor ordered! The bird was down for repairs all day. Now, just as the time for executing this operation is nearing, the machine is fixed, and all is good with his evil world once again!
Not forgetting the mechanic punks’ disrespect, his blood boils! The kid isn’t even part of his regular crew and will soon be gone; but not without payback for the insolence!
As the captain nears the hanger door, he notices his chief engineer sloughing-off across the compartment. “For god’s sake Zachary, get these goddamn hanger doors open! Let this place air out for crying out loud! And get those goddamn pilots in here too! I want that piece of shit off my ship!” He yells, pointing angrily at the helicopter.... and the monster within.
It doesn’t take long for the pilots to climb aboard and pre-flight for the mission. Their mood.... extremely somber. They are each absorbed in thoughts of the families they are never to see again.... As a makeshift elevator strains to lift the heavy bird onto the main deck, both pilots’ glance back into the passenger compartment. The first officer reaches and pulls a canvas tarp off their lonely, metallic passenger. A past handler had stenciled a nickname on the side of the cone-shaped object.... ‘Ironman’!
High above the freighter, a lone satellite has monitored its every move for the last eight-hours. Controllers for the ‘eye in the sky’ are based in Langley Virginia. About two weeks before the blast in the Atlantic, both ships had been put on the terrorism watch list. The ship in the Atlantic had fallen off their surveillance-radar a few days before it disintegrated, but the second ship didn’t fare so well with the Houdini routine.
It had been easily tracked since a few days after it left the maritime chop-shop in Shanghai China.... However, what it transferred into its cargo compartment in the middle of the Pacific Ocean during bad weather, was not so clear until its sister ship vaporized in the Atlantic. Now suspicion is stacking up to be what every major government around the world greatly fears; ruthless ideology, coupled with weapons of mass destruction!
Lowering his binoculars, the captain with the iron-fisted lightning-bolt flag, is unable to determine if the ship on the horizon is an enemy or not. It seems to be headed in his direction. Hopefully, his ship will be free of any incriminating evidence by the time it gets much closer. If not, he and his crew could be boned.... very boned indeed!
On the main deck of the fisted-flag ship, a large section of steel plating is being pulled to the side by the ships crane. It strains, as the heavy steel resists movement, but soon wins out and a 30 by 45-foot-section of the ship’s guts, are open to the sky. Deep inside the cavern, the mechanics scurry as they prepare the helicopter for flight.
Soon, hydraulic power lifts the platform holding the helicopter, toward the main deck. Inside the aircraft, the first officer pulls a tarp back over their lonely passenger, giving the magical beast respect. The thermonuclear bomb stuffed inside a reentry cone is so large a hole had to be cut in the aft bulkhead of the compartment, just so it could fit snuggly for the flight.
After starting, and without fanfare or permission from authorities, the pilot increases power on the last aircraft he’ll ever fly. The powerful blades bite deeply into the hot sticky air of the Gulf as he and co-pilot continue the last mission of their prayerful lives. The one good thing that settles their nerves, is finally being free of the infidel captain and crew!
From the bridge observation deck, the captain breathes a sigh of relief as he watches the helicopter rise from his ship and bank towards the northwest. It heads off to someplace he didn’t give a tinkers-damn about. His job is nearly done. All that’s left now, is to scuttle the ship and quietly disappear into history, with a whole bunch of money! Mexico is easily within the range of the ships fast-boats, and a good place to start living it up!
At only 300-feet off the water, the helicopter cruises at 225-mph toward the mainland of Texas. The Rio Grande River is going be their main landmark as they head toward the south central, New Mexico region. Keeping the river on their left and staying at a low altitude, they can remain off most radar systems along the way. It’s a one-way trip anyway, so the pilots remain focused on completing the mission, and not much else.
At Langley, a shift-change is happening, and observation of the ship in the gulf is temporarily side-tracked due to seemingly harmless chit-chat about personal things and whatnot.
When the incoming agent finally sits down to her beloved surveillance job, she backtracks the last 30-minutes of video to see what she had missed.
To her shock and dismay, she sees that the ship had launched a hidden helicopter from deep within its bowels about 20-minutes earlier! Sometimes, it doesn’t pay to carelessly shooting the breeze!
“Damn, my freaking luck!” She mumbles venomously, thinking about her performance evaluation that’s just around the corner. “Damn, my luck!” she mumbles again, louder this time. Then, contacting her supervisor, she set in motion a series of events that will hopefully lessen the impact of her neglect.
Through binoculars, the first officer of an unmarked U.S. Coast Guard Cutter out of Corpus Christy, witnesses the launch of a helicopter from the ship they had recently marked as suspicious. “Captain, that tanker just launched a helicopter! It’s leaving on a northwesterly heading, hugging the deck.” He reports excitedly, pointing.
Using the FO’s binoculars, the captain barely makes out a tiny dot that is the departing helicopter. When he looks at the ship, he notices a spectral mist rising from all around its hull at the waterline. What an unusual sight he thinks to himself, but quickly figures it out.
“Mister Danbury, that damn captain is scuttling his own ship!” He declares angrily, as he keeps the glasses glued to the incredible spectacle. He had never witnessed such a brazen act before, but knows it happens quite often around the world for many reasons.... Insurance fraud he suspects. But damn it to hell! Not on his watch! Not today! .... Unfortunately, his ego will have to absorb the hit, because it’s already too late to do anything meaningful.
In the rush to get to the stricken ship, the crew of the Cutter completely misses the departure of three fast boats escaping like so many rats fleeing a sinking ship. By the time the cutter arrives at the scene, the freighter is already on its way into the cold depths of the Gulf of Mexico; taking Moe, Larry, and Curly along for the ride!
She sinks fast, leaving a trail of whimpering bubbles as she settles onto the sandy bottom. There, she’ll leak diesel fuel for the next 400-years. The iron-fisted, clenched lightning-bolt flag is on its way to Mexico, and the bad guys are getting away with murder .... Again!
Bad news everyone!
Back at Langley, chatty Cathy and her supervisor watch the monitor with disbelief as the freighter quickly sinks beneath the waves. Nothing is left behind except a growing oil-slick and a lot of debris.
Nobody mentions anything about the helicopter getting a 20-minute head-start, but instead, they quickly switch to damage control. There’ll be plenty of time for finger-pointing later .... Cathy’s heart beats like an overwound 8-day clock, as she estimates the flight path of the fleeing helicopter and uploads the data to the eye in the sky.
High above in space, thrusters come to life on the surveillance satellite, causing it to sweep its powerful cameras on a straight line from the oil slick, to the mouth of the Rio Grande River and beyond. The weather is partly cloudy in the search area, but a turbulent storm rises in the west.
Time is running out! .... Cathy interfaces the satellite data with any aircraft transponders broadcasting in the area. Soon, she’s looking at a screen with lots of aircraft, but few are using transponders. She doubts very seriously that her helicopter is transmitting anything either. And it ‘is’ her helicopter.... because, now it’s personal!
She quickly ciphers math in her head, figuring the machine could only be about 150-miles from the point of departure. Estimating how far that search area would be. Allowing a 50-mile buffer in front and behind, she zooms the satellite camera by 40%.
This action restricts the viewing area, but at least she can now tell if the many aircraft on the screen are fixed-wing or not. It doesn’t take long for her helicopter to show itself. It actually isn’t so hard to find, because it seems to be the only rotary aircraft in the area.
Supervisor, nervously micro-manages over her shoulder, as if she didn’t know how to do her job, when not yakking with friends. Zooming on a tiny keyhole of opportunity ahead of the bird, she hopes to capture an image as it fly’s through.
Breaths are held, as precious moments move past in slow motion. Just as hopes are failing, a flash moves across the screen! Cathy gets lucky! Within moments, an image pops up for their viewing pleasure. Great sighs of relief, as everyone remembers to breath once again!
Supervisor is impressed, when after only 45-seconds, Cathy has a split screen showing the suspected bird alongside an image of the bird fleeing the ship. Close examination proves that they are identical! Like digital fingerprints, the fleeing helicopter is so busted!
“Good work Cathy. Stay with him. How long until we lose the target if it continues on that heading?” He inquires while scrolling his phone for a number.
Taking moment to calculate, she soon looks up. “My best guess on fast notice, would be about ten minutes before he gets into heavy cloud cover. A storm is moving east fast, and that helps him a lot.... ten minutes.” She doubles-down.
Thanking her, supervisor returns to his office. He wishes there were more time! This bird could be just about anywhere by the time the military or civil authorities act on his warning. But there’s one person in all the southwest that’ll be very interested in finding this machine! In fact, he strongly suspects the bird is going to pay a visit to the person whom he just found the number for. He’ll call the President, secondarily .... Greatly risking his job!
After seven rings, the agent starts to get concerned, but he’s determined to let it ring until somebody either answers, or a messaging system chimes in. At the eleventh ring, a weak voice sounding rather sedated, answers. “Hello, Doctor Max here.” He had over-slept anyway and it’s time to get back to work!
“Hello Max, this is Ethan Marcus.” He didn’t need to say, ‘from the agency’. The doctor had known Ethan for many years .... a lot more-so, recently.
Spooling up fast for an older gentleman, the doctor knows that Ethan is calling about something that’s right up his ally.... ‘security’! “Yes, hello Ethan! I’m all ears; go ahead.”
Ethan didn’t waste time on pleasantries. “Max, there’s solid Intel regarding a rogue helicopter flying your way. It’s coming in from the Gulf of Mexico, hugging the deck as it follows the Rio Grande northwest. If it stays the course, it won’t take long before it’s in your neck of the woods.” .... Ethan’s tone is gloomy, adding....
“Max, this bird left a freighter that’s a sister-ship to mega-ton girl. Now, I admit that we dropped the ball on this one, so I’m sending you and Bob Thompson all the data we have about the helicopter. I think your people have the best chance of stopping this thing. I still haven’t called the President.”
Ethan continues. “We won’t be able to track it for much longer, because it’s heading into stormy conditions. Whatever you do Max, don’t let this thing get any closer to Higgs than 30-miles.” Ethan didn’t have to elaborate on that subject. It’s the worst-case-scenario for the aging doctor, as he seems to have all his eggs in one basket!
Moments of silence, while the doctor absorbs the shocking news. Finally, he speaks with a sad voice. “Thank you, Ethan. I know it took a lot of nerve for you to call me before anyone else, and I sure do appreciate that. I hope you don’t take much heat for it. If you do, please ask President Jenna to call me. Take care, and keep your fingers crossed for humanity’s future.”
“I wish you the best Max, good luck.” With that, Ethan ends the call.
Max dials a number. “Hello doctor, how may I help you?” Bob Thompson asks concernedly, as the good doctor rarely calls to just chew the fat.
“Hello Mister Thompson. I have alarming news.” The doctor relates everything he knows about the current emergency. Bob listens intently.
“Okay doctor, I understand.” He responds, as his phone chirps. “Please hold for one moment doctor, I’m receiving something now. After a short pause, while he scrolls through the information, he continues. “The data concerning the helicopter just came in doctor. Give me a few minutes to digest it and formulate a plan of action. Meanwhile, I’ll have Tyler start an evacuation of the airfield.” Another pause, as Bob considers a rare option he has at his disposal.
“Doctor, you may not know this, but Carter is relocating an F-88 Raptor from the paint shop up in Albuquerque. I don’t know if the jet is finished yet, but I’m sure it can be made airworthy. Even though it won’t have any ordinance, it would at least be an extra set of eyes searching for these ass-clowns.” Bob knows the doctor will pull the stops on this one. After all, the threat of thermonuclear annihilation is good reason to use any force necessary to make it go away!
“Yes! Yes! I recall Carter telling me that he’s traveling north to see how the job is going. Good thinking Mister Thompson! Please contact him and authorize whatever steps he deems necessary to find and stop that helicopter. Be sure to inform him of the minimum safe distance required for Higgs-Field to survive. Ethan says 30-miles, but I’m changing that to 40. Make it your first priority.... will you do that for me Mister Thompson?”
“I’m already on it doctor. Rest assured, we’ll find these guys; or die trying!” Bob knows the doctor needs a colorful description of how far he and his team are prepared to go.
“Thank you, Mister Thomson. Those words just lowered my blood pressure by five points! Let’s just hope nobody must die before this is over. We have only about an hour before safe distance is violated. Good luck Mister Thompson.” The doctor, sits stunned on the edge of his bed, wondering when he’s going to wake from his horrific nightmare!
He crosses the bedroom to his armoire and dresses in his most comfortable cloths. If he is to die this day, it won’t be in stiff, formal attire! Opening a tiny drawer, he removes a special trinket that’s attached to a delicate gold chain. It was given to him by his fiancé when he was still a young man of thirty.
Shortly after giving him the gift, she was mysteriously murdered. The horrific crime agonizingly goes without punishment.... He wears it during trying times, for the good luck she said it would bring. ‘Rest her soul’, he thinks as he kisses the charm and puts the chain around his neck.
A quiet knock on his bedroom door; he moves to open it, and see’s the kind face of Shirley looking back at him. Her smile quickly disappears as she notices the sad, blank look on his face. “What’s wrong Max? Didn’t you sleep well?”
“Oh, my yes! .... I slept great, but woke to a nightmare, my dear!” The doctor responds with an unusual tone, as he slowly shuffles past. “A real doozy!” He adds, while mechanically making his way towards the elevator. Before reaching that goal, he stops and spills the beans about the tremendous danger they are in.
“So, you see my dear, the haters of progress appear to be making a move against it, and we’re in the way.” Taking her by the arm, he urges movement toward the elevator as he continues. “We don’t have much time; are Nyla and Wil here?” His tone improving as he mentions the youngsters. The elevator doors open, and the worried people enter.
“Yes, they’re here Max. They arrived a few hours ago and are playing chess in the parlor.” The conveyance arrives at ground level. The doors open, and they begin a short walk down a beautiful marble-lined corridor. Entering the parlor, Max feels his blood pressure drop noticeably when he sees Nyla and Wil. He crosses the room quickly, embracing them both at the same time. For a few glorious moments, he’s transported to another world.... another time.... one without troubles.... he feels 50-years younger!
“My goodness, you two are a sight for sore eyes! I trust you both had a good flight back to good old terra-firma?” He inquires, holding them at arm’s length, soaking up their youthful auras!
With an ear-to-ear grin, Nyla replies, “Oh yes Max, we had an awesome flight! A person really earns their paycheck when the autopilot calls in sick!” She jokes with a laugh and elbow jab into Wil’s side. “And this big lug helped, as best he could.” She adds, humorously.
“You should’ve been there Max!” Wil says excitedly, his hands held 3-feet apart to add flavor. “Nyla was tearing up the sky like it never got tore up before! In fact, she set the air on fire!” They have such a great laugh.... Then, the doctor drops his little bombshell, effectively ending the joyous reunion, nearly before it even began.
Wil responds firstly. “We saw firsthand how powerful their weapons can be.” He reminisces. “If that aircraft has a sister-weapon to the one Nyla and I saw detonate, 30 or even 40-miles, is really going to be cutting it close. You said Carter will be aiding the search? That’s great! He’s a good person to not have angry with you. I pity the fools!” He says of his good friend, adding. “How much time is left, before minimum safe distance?”
“A little more than an hour. Carter is relocating a Raptor back to Higgs from Albuquerque, but I’m not sure if it’ll be airworthy in time. I’ll try to contact him in a few minutes to find out more, but first I need to ask a favor of you two. I need you to take Shirley and fly her out of here on ole Bessie.” Max mentions his personal supersonic transport, which is just sitting in the hanger waiting to tear up the sky once again!
Shirley chimes in. “Oh, now wait a minute, Max! I’m not leaving if you’re not! No way, no how, not going to happen!” She leaves no shades of in her protest. “If you think a few measly megatons is going to muss my hair, don’t worry about it. I happen to love mussed hair! In that department, you and I are peas-in-a-pod.” She jokes in the face of death. “Besides, Bessie would be better put to use as another search platform for those thugs.”
“She’s right Max.” Nyla, joins the fray with some solid advice, while at the same time nearing another episode. “Wil and I can take Bessie out for a spin and maybe get lucky. Please say yes?” She begs with hands pressed together in front of her sad-puppy face.
The doctor sits down, rubbing his temples, thinking. After long moments, he looks up heartfeltidly. “By golly’s, if you three don’t put more white hairs on an old man’s head!”
Standing, he takes Shirley’s hands, gazing deeply into her beautiful green eyes. “If you really want to stay and give comfort to an old man during this dark time, who am I to stop you? I am honored my dear.”
Suddenly, out of the blue, their plans are changed by random chance, as Nyla leans towards Wil, exclaiming weakly. “Wil, I don’t feel so good .... something’s wrong!” She quickly loses her balance, and before Wil can respond in a meaningful way, she crashes down upon the chess table with incredible force!
The chess set and table, are kersplintered into a kajillion toothpicks, as her posterior smashes its way through to the floor! As she rolls off the impact site, completely out of it. A rather large dent reveals itself, as proof that perhaps she could lose a few pounds!
Wil is at her side immediately. Taking a cushion from Shirley, he lifts her head and slides it under. The doctor moves closer to ground zero, shuffling his way through the debris as Nyla begins to stir.
She opens her eyes, looking up at everybody. She doesn’t remember falling. Wil asks her to lay still and try to relax, but she’s determined to at least get off the chess pieces that’re stabbing her in the back. With assistance from Wil, she’s able to move to the couch, where she remains laying down. She hadn’t had a fainting episode in a long time, and still can’t figure out just what brings them on.
“Do you think you can walk my dear?” The doctor inquires, concernedly.
She sits up, not feeling too bad. “Yeah Max, I think so.” Then, she gets a good look at ground zero. “Wow I really made a mess of things, didn’t I?”
Wil can’t resist a juvenile jab. “Jeez Nyla, I would have checkmated you soon anyway. You didn’t have to go and break the good doctor’s house, just to not finish the game. Jeez, you weigh a ton! I guess it’s time to lay off the space-cookies again, huh?” He teases, even though she’s fit as a fiddle when not fainting.
The doctor doesn’t have the luxury of time anymore. Now that Nyla is feeling better, he makes a command decision. “Wil get over to hanger-one and start the preflight on Bessie.” He instructs firmly, as the time for debate is now over. He adds....
“I’m calling Tina Feldman to co-pilot for you. She’ll meet you there. Now, don’t get too brave with the time limit. If you don’t get results soon after you begin the search, get your butts out of Dodge immediately! That’s an elderly order my boy. There may very well be two sunrises in the desert, this day!”
Turning, Max requests. “Shirley my dear. Won’t you please help me take Nyla to see Alice Foster? Perhaps she hasn’t evacuated yet.” Bending down, he helps the stricken-one up. She’s feeling better, so it didn’t cost him any actual effort.
“My goodness yes!” Shirley moves in to assist. “I’ll call ahead from the car.”
Nyla doesn’t resist, even though she would rather die than miss out on the search. She really did need to be checked out, and she knows that Tina Feldman is an awesome pilot. Wil will be lucky to have her sit right-seat! The problem is that stubborn Wil won’t give up the search until he’s either disarmed the situation or has been swallowed by a mushroom cloud!
“Wil, don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.” She begs as they leave. “Be careful out there.”
Attack on Higgs-Boson Airfield!
At hanger-one, Wil meets with the doctor’s long-time maintenance crew-chief, Grady Wilson. “Hello Grady, long time no see. I wish this visit were under different circumstances.” Wil says sadly, receiving a firm handshake.
“It’s always good to see you, Wil. And yes, today might get toasty. Now tell me my boy, how was outer space this time?”
“She’s a cold mistress, my friend.” Wil responds with a shiver. “But I do love her so!”
“I wish I could try it.” Grady says with a sigh as Bessie is being towed past them and out onto the tarmac. She’s a beautiful machine! Polished brightly, she absolutely glows with pride! On each side of her vertical stabilizer is the impressive starburst emblem of Sohn Space Systems.
“I guess you’ll be taking Bessie out to look for those crazy fools.” It didn’t come out like a question. “Well, she’s fueled and ready to go, so good hunting. All you need now is a co-pilot I guess.” he says dubiously, sorry to hear about Nyla being under the weather.
Just then, Tina Feldman drives up like a tornado wrapped in a hurricane! Climbing from her hastily parked car, she’s fit to be tied! “Hi Mister Wilson!” She grabs Wil’s wrist, dragging him towards the jet. “We’ll chat later, Mister Wilson! I promise!” Turning to Wil. “Times a wasting big boy! Let’s kick the tires and light the fires! We don’t want to glow in the dark tonight, do we?”
Wil had only met Tina a few times; shortly after Max had brought her into the team. She was much more reserved then, as compared to her current elevated energies. He half expects her to light a stogy and hack a greenie, while doing her walk-around inspection of the aircraft. Well, he figures, Max didn’t get as far as he had, by employing fluffy bunny-types! She might be a good match for Nyzilla the destroyer on the handball courts, he thinks with a stealthy chuckle as he climbs the entrance stairs. “Be sure to remove the chocks before coming inside.” He orders.
He’s buckled into the left seat, when Tina enters the cockpit. She quickly takes her seat and buckles herself in. “Okay captain. She’s got good brakes, no leaks, no bypass-pins popped on the hydraulics and all accumulator pressures are in the green. Oh yes, and the main cabin door is closed and locked! Now, let’s get this checklist done, so we can turn and burn!” The energized woman, whips-out a checklist and starts reading it off like a dictator! A lovely one.... but still.
Wil smartassingly turns and stares; not responding to her challenges. She stops with the checklist, giving a quizzical look as he calmly reaches for the offending document, saying. “Now Tina, I know you’re a bright and energetic woman, but I’m still the Captain of this ride.”
Taking the checklist and without ceremony, he slowly tears it in half, allowing gravity to work on the pieces. Tina’s eyes go wide, her jaw drops as he performs such a sacrilegious act!
“The first rule-of-thumb for chasing after thermonuclear weapons,” he tries to keep a straight face, “is to focus on flying by the seat of your pants and hope they don’t catch fire. Sometimes, you just have to throw the book away and say the hell with it!”
With a hand signal to outside, he gets clearance for engine start and departure. Reaching, he turns on power and sneaks a glance at the battery level, before hitting the fuel pumps and putting a fire inside engine number one. Bessie is coming back to life! She knows not what the task is and doesn’t care! She just loves to fly, no matter the story!
Efficiency is the name of the game today of all days. Wil starts the other engine while double-timing it to the end of the runway. They can be cautious another time. The colorful metaphor, ‘you snooze, you lose’, has never more accurate than it is this day!
Soon, Wil has Bessie taxiing double-time toward the beginning of the runway. They’re six or seven minutes ahead of the game by not dilly-dallying with the checklist, and Bessie didn’t seem to mind in the least!
Tina has already communicated with the Higgs-Field control tower, and they have the green light as soon as they’re in position. The moment they’re lined up on the runway, Wil firewalls both throttles, causing the twin afterburners to kick-in immediately!
Massive amounts of pressurized fuel, is metered into both engines and exhaust-nozzles, causing a combined thrust of 80,000-pounds. With surprising quickness, Bessie gets up and dances! .... Both pilots are squashed into their seats with almost three times the force of gravity as she hungrily eats up the runway! There are no G-suits on this jet, as it wasn’t built for aerobatics; just acceleration, speed, and maximized comfort.
Wil glances at Tina, seeing a woman that now weighs about 340-pounds! She has a determined grimace on her distorted yet still pretty face, as the powerful engines, in full afterburner, push them violently down the runway! The big machine accelerates dramatically, every split-second of the way!
Copious amounts of hot desert air is sucked into the inlets of the engines, while extremely hot, high-energy plasma, shoots 20-feet out the exhaust nozzles! After traveling about 2,000-feet, Wil pulls back on the yoke and the powerful bird climbs into the sky at over 400-mph and accelerating like a rocket!
This aggressive rotation puts several more g’s onto the pilots, causing a gray-out in Tina’s brain. Wil could have left the deck much more aggressively, but he must consider Tina, and the airframe. He doesn’t want her to blackout, or the wings to bend. He strikes a balance.
She recovers quickly, and good old Bessie didn’t seem to mind the rough treatment.... With afterburners drinking like they’ve never drank before, they break the sound barrier with shockwaves flowing! Cruising at 1200-mph, he asks more of Bessie than she’s ever been asked to give before. If not for the throttle-stops, she could have given more!
They head southeast into the search area. Five-minutes at this velocity, will put them in the ballpark. Leading edge temperatures on the old girl, cry for relief, yet find none! Bessie is hellbent for leather, and it never felt so good!
As Wil and Tina, rip the desert sky a new corn shoot, Carter sits in the cockpit of his still-grounded raptor. While waiting for the fueler to fill his beast, he checks the best route to take. It took 30-minutes to get the monster airworthy. A dozen aerodynamic panels had to be installed and the hydraulics serviced. With his help, the paint crew had the aircraft ready to go quickly.
Finally, fueled and ready to go, Carter taxies the powerful Raptor to the beginning of the runway. Gritting his circuits against the heavy acceleration to come, he firewalls the throttles! Accelerating much faster than the doctor’s jet, Carter pulls nearly 5-g’s during takeoff rotation! Going nearly vertical on his way to 5,000-feet, he voids the manufacturer’s warranty on the proud warbird!
Every ounce of paint that hadn’t yet cured, peels off the fuselage like a viper shedding its skin! Hot jets of plasma, shoot 50-feet out the exhaust-nozzles as ravenous engines and afterburners, suck greedily from the wing tanks!
After climb-out, he veers towards the search area. When he gets to the rural boundary of Albuquerque, he accelerates to 1,600-mph. Every pane of glass directly below his flight path, is violently shattered as the powerful shockwaves spend their terrible energies!
Carter, cringes at the thought of all the damage he’s causing, but time is of an essence, and humanity’s future might very well hinge on how fast he can get to the search area. Fortunately, his flight path takes him over some of the least populated regions in the state, so the damage is minimal.
Dropping to an altitude of 1,000-feet, he pushes the predatory fighter to its very limits! Temperatures on the wings leading edges, soon violate design limitation, as he forces the sleek razor-like machine through the thick soup of gasses.
Ten minutes out of Albuquerque, he eases back on the throttles, entering into search theater. The last thing he wants to do is overshoot the determined zealots and miss them! That just wouldn’t do!
“Higgs-Field, this is Carter; do you copy?” Better check in, even though he’s been listening to the chatter all along.
“Carter, is that you?” Comes a surprised voice.
“Copy that Sanchez, it’s me.... I’m on station, 25-miles out from the field. Any new developments yet? I see multiple contacts on my radar; but they all have authentic transponder codes.”
Sanchez takes on the question with bad news. “Well, nothing on the target yet, but two aircraft searching for it, collided and went down. No news of casualties yet. Keep an eye peeled Carter! There’s at least 20 aircraft out that way, looking for these guys!” Everybody assumes that males are at the controls of their target aircraft, and more likely than not, it probably is the more aggressive of the two sexes....
Just as he’s about to answer, another jet rips past, missing by only 200-feet! Not good, Carter thinks desperately! “Yeah, copy that Sanchez. I just had a near miss too. Tell you what. I’m heading further southeast to the McCormick badlands. I’ll keep you informed.”
“Copy that Carter, and good luck... Oh, by the way, Wil and Tina are searching for these guys in the doctor’s jet.”
Carter grimaces, thinking about Tina being out here. “Copy that Sanchez.” He knows that wild horses couldn’t keep her away from this action, but he wishes she had evacuated to a safe distance instead. And just how did she get teamed up with Wil, he wonders.
Not one to easily get distracted, he puts her out of his mind, regaining his predatory focus!
Back at Higgs-Boson Airfield, only a fraction of the people evacuated to safety. Mostly it’s folks that have children living with them at the fields housing complex. Who could blame them when there’s a good chance that the day is going to get much, much hotter.
Most of the personnel knew what they might be up against when they started at Sohn Space Systems, so they take it all in anxious stride. At the heavy-lift towers, technicians scurry here and there, in a frantic yet somewhat controlled attempt, to secure the mammoth rockets in place.
The heavy lifters are within a hairbreadth of viable launch readiness. There are four separate assembly towers that enclose the tall vehicles. Each can provide limited protection in the event of catastrophe.
If the event were to happen too close, it’s game-over for Doctor Max’s great dream. Fifty-years in the making, and perhaps snuffed-out in a flash. Along with several-thousand, dedicated lives!
Wil and Tina, zig and zag across the countryside, looking for the target. It’s an enormous search area, even for two-dozen flight crews doing their best, and Mother Nature not helping at all. The cloud-base hangs low, laden with moisture.
Many times, they fly through heavy downpours. Only to emerge from the deluge in hopes of finding their target flying out of a blind spot on the other side. They hear the exchange between Carter and Sanchez. So, their hopes rise a few notches above despair. Tina wants to contact Carter so bad it hurts, but she knows it would only cause him to lose focus.
Thirty-five-miles away from the airfield, in an area of desolate canyon-like badlands, a lone dark blue helicopter, stealthily snakes its way toward its intended target. Hugging the deck and slinking its way through a maze of deep canyons, the pilots follow a well-rehearsed choreograph of sneaky flying!
Their forward progress is hindered somewhat by the terrain. The man calling the shots is determined that if they went too boldly, they had a high likelihood of failure. So, they stick to the plan, and now have only 35-miles to go, and only 5-miles until they reach the minimum-destruction boundary.
Carter sees the badlands ahead; they’re coming on fast! He pulls back the throttles, bringing the beast well below the speed of sound. The jets wings automatically swivel forward, offering Bernoulli a better grasp on his steed. Now stable, he climbs to 5,000-feet. At this strategic altitude, he begins a series of S-turns right through the middle of the region.
He doesn’t see any other aircraft searching the area, so a feeling of confidence comes over him that maybe he’s in the right place. Soon, he comes to the end of the badlands, and the eastern edge of the search area. He has butt-kiss to show for his efforts! .... Frustration builds! .... Circuits heat!
However, there’s still other lanes to mow.... Mentally dividing the region into lanes, Carter searches systematically. He swings the menacing fighter back and forth with an airspeed that borders on stalling. Wing flaps are deployed, decreasing the stall-speed and increasing stability. Still, nothing to show for his efforts! .... One last dip in his port wing, and he’ll be off to the next search-lane....
From below, an unnatural glint of light, hits his eyes from inside one of the deeper canyons. A ghostly hint of something that shouldn’t be there! Following an electronic instinct, he swings the powerful fighter-jet onto its left wingtip, beginning a severe 11-g swiveling-dive towards the source of the glint!
Wings and fuselage deform from the demands of the pilot! Tremendous forces grip the jet like never-before! It’s a warranty-voiding maneuver, that just might save humanity’s future!
Directly below, sneaking around a bend in the canyon at only 50-feet altitude, is his target of opportunity! .... Not much time!
There’s no time for analysis! No time for political correctness! No time for a warning shot! Hell, he didn’t even have missiles or bullets! There’s only enough time, to make a very quick and terrifying decision! .... Even androids can be scared out of their wits!
Diving from 5,000-feet at 400-mph, will put you into the planet in about six-seconds. Carter had never killed anybody before, but now he has just fractions of moments to get his mind around it! The target is 35-miles from Higgs-Field; and everything he holds dear! A crash with the planet, looms large!
He makes a decision that will forever prove that a sentient computer, can put its own safety above that of others. Especially during times of extreme stress!
With the fighter in a power dive, Carter quickly closes with planet earth! Estimating that he’s lined up with the center of the helicopters main rotor, he leads the target, hoping his math is good! It feels right!
Firewalling the throttles, afterburners authoritatively push the jet towards its final destination! Reaching with both arms, he pulls down hard on the ejection cables!
As the canopy explosively departs, his life flashes before his circuits! All 5-years-worth!
A millisecond later, or perhaps even an eternity.... solid-fuel-rockets propel him and the seat-assembly, violently into the slipstream! Electronic blackout; the end result!
About the same time as when his seats parachute begins to open, American taxpayers barf-up the 2-billion-dollar cost of the once-beautiful and very brave fighter jet! All, in a valiant effort to thwart a wild plan of thermonuclear destruction! A worthier cause; couldn’t be found!
The aircraft is not exactly on the money; but close enough! The right wing puts 20-feet of its hardened wing structure, into the rotating disk of blades that keeps the helicopter flying.
Then, nearly and instant after that, the suicidal jet creates a deep, fiery hole in the desert floor! A monstrous non-thermonuclear fireball explodes into the sky!
The fatally wounded helicopter falls from its lofty perch like a load of yesterdays garbage! Crash landing next to Carters crater, the scene is transmogrified into a scene out of Dante’s inferno!
Carter hits the ground hard! Still strapped into his seat. The parachute needed another 50-feet-altitude, to fully open and slow him for just a bone-crushing impact!
He lays unmoving; face in the dirt. After several excruciating minutes, he blinks his way back to consciousness. He had never been hit so hard, as when he impacted that rocky desert floor!
He’s having a hard time moving his limbs. Finally, after several frustrating minutes, he’s fully aware of his predicament. Looking at his left arm, he notices that it’s bent outward at a 45-degree-angle, just below the elbow.
Intriguing, he thinks momentarily, as he tries to move the fingers on that hand. For his efforts, he’s rewarded with chaotic twitching and sparks, as linkages and electro-polymer muscle groups have been torn asunder.
His harness still has him strapped in his seat, and that doesn’t help. Looking around, he still isn’t even sure if he’d made the right decision. If he miscalculated, the helicopter might still be on its deadly path! Laying there in the dirt, he mentally kicks himself for not having the mechanical nards to kamikaze that damn jet; just to be sure!
Now, Tina could be in unnecessary danger, and that thought gives him determination to find out just how accurate his attempt actually was!
He can sense something nearby is burning. He’s very glad that its not him! He can feel intense heat behind him, so with a mighty heave, he rolls himself and seat-assembly away from. This increases his field of vision greatly!
From the new position, he can see black smoke rising from behind a tall outcropping of rock, not far away. His hopes are given a fresh start, but he must be sure! Finally, able to move other limbs, he reaches for the release mechanism of his harness. Rolling free from the seat, he waveringly rises and stands on wobbly legs.
Walking unsteadily to the edge of the outcropping, he can finally see what lays beyond. To his immense satisfaction, he sees a thick column of ugly smoke rising from what can only be the second crash site!
He can’t believe his eyes! Throwing his head back, he gives a victory yell that’s very animalistic for his species. The second crash site means that he has successfully completed his mission! He crams his shame back into its dark little cubby-hole, hoping it never shows again!
Stumbling in the direction of the second crash site with an awkwardness only Frankenstein could be proud of, he lurches closer! Past the smoking crater, he herkie-jerks; closer to the jackasses that ruined his beautiful day; he lunges angrily!
Stepping on pieces of smoldering wreckage, and avoiding others, he sees nothing that’s recognizable. Soon he’s able to walk beyond the rock-outcropping and witness something that brightens his day considerably!
Just 40-yards away, is the second crash site! Pieces of helicopter attest to that fact, as they lay all over the area! Big chunks of the main rotor assembly are shattered! Some are sticking into the ground like spears!
As he approaches the wreckage, a monstrous cone-shaped object irritatingly blocks his path! It’s blackened, but other than that, it looks like the only thing that’s still in one piece after the horrific crash.
He accurately surmises, that the object is the focal point of everyone’s concern that day. Beyond the thermonuclear weapon, is a large piece of the helicopters fuselage that had remained relatively intact. Blackened and nearly destroyed; Carter moves towards it.
As he gets closer, he can make out an arm protruding from what was once the cockpit of the aircraft. Pushing aside chunks of smoldering debris, he’s able to gain access to the gruesome scene. Inside the twisted wreckage, he sees one body that couldn’t possibly still have life left in it....  It didn’t take a medical degree to figure that out at a glance!
Beyond that gooey mess, another body stirs, moaning loudly. Carter moves to the other side of the wreckage, gaining access to the miserable fool laying there face down amongst the twisted wreckage. Taking the person by the shoulder, he rolls it over and sees a male, looking back at him with a disconnected and shocked gaze on his face.
In the injured man’s hand, is a strange looking device, that he holds onto for dear life! Carter quickly understands the gravity of the situation when he recognizes what can only be a deadman’s switch being held so tightly in that shaking, bloodied hand!
Before the half-dead person can release his grip and unleash hell itself! Carter moves fast, grasping the man’s hand, so he couldn’t detonate the bomb.
“Well Well, my dumb-ass friend! It seems, that there are two of us today that didn’t want to die!” Carter, smartassingly imparts to the dazed and non-comprehending man.
With great finesse, he pry’s the terrible transmitter from the man’s half-dead hand. Not knowing if the switch or the bomb is still functional, he doesn’t take any chances, holding it firmly closed.
Then, after securing the switch with a strip of torn cloth, he drags the man out of the wreckage with his one good arm, and places him in the safety beyond. He knows that government-types will want him alive, so they can garner any pertinent information the jackass might be persuaded to divulge.
Soon, he hears aircraft approaching from what seems like all directions! The many canyons echo the noise from more than a dozen aircraft, as jets and helicopters fly over the site. One black helicopter in particular, comes closer than the others. It hovers nearby like the plague, before losing altitude and settling to the ground.
Four, heavily armed marines exit the aircraft and cautiously approach the smoky scene with rifles at the ready! Carter quickly eats their focus! With automatic rifles pointed, he’s ordered to lay on the ground!
Knowing these guys don’t fool around; Carter drops to his knees, holding his good hand above his head. The lead marine once again orders him to his belly as they approach, but Carter isn’t going to have any of that!
Instead, he calls out who he is, and who he works for; adding that he’s the one responsible for bringing down the renegade helicopter!
That gets their attention and seems to change their attitude about shooting him. Instead, they hold their ground at 20-feet, and survey the situation, while keeping Carter in their crosshairs!
“What’s that in your hand?” The marine with the most stripes, demands. “And why aren’t you in pain from that broken arm.... huh pal?”
Pointing with a nod in the direction of the cone-shaped object, Carter inquires. “Do you see that thing over there sergeant?”
The marine turns his head, focusing on the object that is Ironman. Carter notices that the marine quickly recognizes death-incarnate, as it lay just a short distance away in the dirt!
“That my friend, is a thermonuclear warhead, and this thing in my hand, is a deadman’s switch! I retrieved it from the poor schmuck laying over there dying! Do you see him? Well, he didn’t have the balls to go out with a bang, and I didn’t allow him time to reconsider!”
Carter didn’t think it time to inform the sergeant about his non-human anatomy, even though his arm did hurt like hell!
That statement got the marines undivided attention! They cautiously take possession of the switch, replacing the bloodied piece of cloth with plastic tie-wraps. They radio for technical assistance with disarming the beast. Carter becomes the hero of the day!
After a while, when the dust had settled, the sergeant comes over asking. “Hey bud, how’s the arm? They tell me you’re some kind of robot or something. Is that true?”
Carter, has already taken off his flight suit, inspecting his arm which had split open near the break. He had never actually seen what’s under an android’s artificial skin and is curious. “Yeah sergeant, it’s all too true.... I would’ve told you earlier, but I didn’t want to complicate the situation.” He admits, adding....
“From the looks of it, I’ll be needing a complete replacement of this arm.” He responds honestly, trying once again to move his fingers.... More sparks.... More spasmodic twitching!
The sergeant moves closer, inspecting the inner workings of the arm. With a long whistle, he offers his opinion. “Damn Carter, you’re more complicated than I can shake a stick at! You must’ve cost a bundle!” Pointing towards the other crash site, he adds. “Well, at least you didn’t end up in that smoking hole over yonder. You better hope they don’t take that fighter jet out of your paycheck!” Pushing his helmet further back, he offers another whistle and heartfelt laugh!
Carter offers his best confused look, his head tilted in a questioning manner....  “Paycheck”? .... “What the hell is a paycheck?” .... Laughing so hard, they nearly come unglued! And it never felt so good!
Nyla’s delicate condition
The evening is mercifully non-nuclear. Carter sits in the doctor’s soft recliner. It didn’t take long for Wil and Tina to swap-out Bessie for the doctors whirly bird. It idles in the canyon as the hero android gets tucked in for the ride. His broken arm resting comfortably on the armrest as Tina smothers him with affection.
By the time they got to the crash site, the government-types were just wrapping up their interview with him. The sun had become a dim glow as it sinks into the west, leaving the canyonlands gloomy and foreboding. The man with the deadman’s switch is alive, but comatose. Perhaps he’ll pull through.... perhaps not.
“My god Carter, not another person on Earth, would’ve attempted the fool stunt you just pulled!” Tina scolds. Carter sees a look of admiration in her pretty green eyes. It’s a look he doesn’t think he deserves; at least not for today’s actions, anyway!
He keeps that part secret, being embarrassed to bring up his point of view. Sometimes it seems that he has as much human in him, as he does machine and computer! Instead, he allows his circuits to soak up the beauty that was almost extinguished that day.
Glorious moments, morph into an eternity of memories as he basks in the ambrosia of Tina’s affection. “You know Tina, a person could get used to all the attention you’re showering me with.” He intimates, gently touching her cheek with the palm of his good hand.
With a reddening, Tina gazes through the tears that’ve gathered. “Now that’s the nicest thing anybody has said to me today! I hope you never get unused to it mister, because I plan to shower you a lot more in the future.” She promises heartfeltidly, laying her head on his chest.
She relaxes, trying to rein in her feelings. It just wouldn’t due to return to her post on the flight-deck, sniffling and unfocused. Forcing herself to leave Carter, she’s able to win the battle over the later, but not the former as she joins Wil in the cockpit.
Wil is nothing if not observant as Tina buckles herself in. He was previously unaware about the relationship that had developed between her and Carter, but he can do the math. He’s happy that two lonely creatures can find companionship in such a crazy world!
“Now don’t you worry about Carter.” He says reassuringly. “Max will have him fixed up good as new, in no time.” Then, figuring that she could use a distraction, he offers her the controls. “Won’t you please do the honors, and take us back to Higgs?”
Tina is beside herself with joy! Blinking away the tears, she’s thrilled that Wil isn’t going to ride her about becoming involved with an android. After all, life is hard enough without adding loneliness too! She gladly takes control of the magnificent flying machine, and competently lifts them into the darkening sky.
As the powerful machine tears through the New Mexico sky, each person onboard reflects on how differently the day might have ended. Each, knowing that anytime one can walk or fly away from a thermonuclear threat, is a good day! A good day indeed! A limo is waiting on the tarmac when they arrive at the hanger. Carter is whisked away to the Cybernetics Facility where he’ll get plenty of TLC. Tina and Wil go with....
“Alice Foster: room 122 please.” A voice booms from speakers in the hall. “Alice Foster: room 122.” Contacting the front desk, Alice acknowledges and prepares her next challenge.
Closing an aft data-port on her current patient, she picks up a diagnostic report. Shaking her head negatively as she reviews, she can’t find an any technical discrepancies, where there should be some.
“I don’t want to hazard a guess about this data just yet, so let’s wait until the computer has a chance to digest it more. It’s still chewing away and shouldn’t take long. Preliminary results are usually inconclusive at best, anyway.” Alice says to her patient, adding....
“Say, how would you like to come with me for a visit to my next patient? It’s guaranteed to be more enjoyable than sitting around waiting for the data to come in.” The cybernetics scientist invites, as her patient gets dressed.
“Sure doctor, why not? Is it somebody I know?” The patient inquires, curiosity growing. 
“I’m pretty sure you two have met before. Let’s just say, that it’s one of your kid brothers, and leave it at that for now.” Alice says cryptically, hoping to surprise this special patient.
Inside room 122, Carter, Tina and Wil, wait patiently as the doctor is informed about their arrival. “Does it hurt much, Carter? It looks like something that would be very painful.” Tina tries to break the silent moment that had developed. It’s hard for her to think of anything else except for that grotesque angle and ugly blow-out in Carters left forearm.
Just as he’s about to answer, Alice enters the room, followed by her last patient. Carter brightens as they enter! One of them is an old acquaintance he hadn’t seen in a long time.
“Nyla!” He yells, forgetting about his arm, as the lovely android crosses the room, offering a big hug.
“Carter! Wil! Tina!” She greets enthusiastically. “I was so worried! I didn’t hear any news for the longest time!” Then, she returns her attention to Carter’s recent disfigurement. “Now what did you go and get yourself into this time, big boy?” She asks the hero, not yet knowing the details.
“You should see the other guy!” He jokes, adding. “It’s so great to see you! Welcome back to Earth!” Then, turning to Alice. “Hi doc, it’s great to see you too! You sure know when to bring in the good medicine!” He says genuinely of his good friend.
Wil offers his better-half a big hug. “I hope you’re feeling better, did Alice find anything?” He looks expectantly at Alice, shaking her hand in greeting.
“Well the computers are still chewing on the data, but we hope to find out something soon.” Alice informs with a hopeful tone.
Wil, puts an arm around Nyla’s waist, pulling her close. “I sure hope you find the cause doctor, because this person has a long future ahead, and we need to know what’s going on.” Leaning in, he plants an affectionate kiss on her cheek.
“We’ll do everything we can, Wil. Now don’t you worry.” She says, reassuringly.
Tina inquires. “Wow was it up there at the station?”
Nyla responds. “It was the experience of a lifetime, Tina. I hope you have the chance someday. But we came back to quite an exciting time down here too! So exciting in fact, that I got over stimulated and fainted at Max’s home. That’s why I missed out on the action today. Hopefully, Alice will figure it out, because I’m pretty hard on the furniture when I go tiiiimmmberrrrrr!” She jokes while raising her forearm, and letting it fall as might a big old tree.
“After all, I do weigh 275-pounds.” She says, not really caring. Moving closer to Carter, she intimates. “Thanks Carter. You have no idea, how I truly hate being exploded by thermonuclear bombs! We owe you big time!” Kissing him on the forehead, she moves to the side, so Alice could do her thing.
Everyone has a nice visit while Alice examines the strapping hero. “Well Carter, besides the arm, it seems that the rest of you may have fared quite well. We’ll do further testing when you’re down for the arm replacement. It will take a few days for the repairs to be completed, so clear your calendar and don’t worry about anything. We’ll have you up and flying in no time.”
Just then, Max and Shirley enter the room. The elderly man and his assistant are nearly in tears as they greet all their friends that were nearly lost that fateful day. Then, they focus their attention on the one who saved their lives.
The sight of Carter’s injury is almost too much for Shirley! She always was a bit squeamish. Even though she knows he’s not flesh and blood, it still bothers her to see him so severely disfigured. With classy courage, she overcomes any queasiness and moves closer, giving him a warm hug, but carefully avoiding his broken arm.
“I don’t know how we’re ever going to repay you Carter.” She glows with gratitude. “Thank you times a trillion-sextillion?” She offers facetiously, giving him a quick kiss on the lips before moving to the side. She’s stunned, that she allowed herself to make such a bold move, but Tina seemed unfazed. No harm done....
Max reaches, shaking Carter’s good hand. For a man of such advanced years, he works Carters arm hard, causing Alice to wonder if her hero might require a double arm replacement!
“My boy” .... the doctor pauses, getting choked up, “I wish to thank you from the bottom of my old heart! What you did today for humanity and android alike, will go down as indisputable evidence that android lives matter! In more ways than one can ever imagine!”
Max reassures that everything is going to be alright. “We hope you’ll be up and around soon for the launches, Carter.” He says sincerely, as he drops his own bombshell. “After crunching some numbers, and seeing recent progress reports from Mars, it seems that everything will be in place for lift-off in two-weeks. After what nearly happened today, I don’t want to wait any longer than necessary!”
“So, you get fixed up good my boy. Anything you need or desire, will be provided. Don’t be afraid to ask! Oh yes, one more thing before I leave.... Don’t be surprised if the President calls to congratulate and thank you. She saw the video feed from the nose camera on your Raptor, and I would say that she’s impressed to the n’th degree!”
“Now, don’t be shocked if she jokingly asks you to pay for the aircraft. After all, it was on loan to us from the taxpayers.” The doctor makes lite of the sleek predatory bird, but Carter will miss her immensely. She had a personality all her own!
“Oh, you mean the ones I just saved from a horrible death? Those ones?” The handsome android inquires with a mighty laugh!
“Yes, those ones love.” Doctor Alice cuts in. “Get some rest now. Charge those power-packs.” Alice orders, effectively ending the visit.
As technicians work with Carter, Alice invites the group to join her in a conference room for review of Nyla’s diagnostic data. They sit patiently as Alice reviews the new data. A frown permeates her countenance, as negative head movement portends of a bad prognosis.
“Well Nyla, from these tests there doesn’t appear to be anything wrong with you that’s quantifiable.” The top android scientist reports disappointingly. “Although I do have a theory.” She crosses the room to a cabinet.
Returning to her seat, she displays an object. “This is a cut-away mock-up of an average ‘type-one’ android CPU. Because Nyla is a type-one, this is an accurate representation.” She informs. “Even though no two CPU’s are created exactly the same, due to quantum fluctuations during the printing processes, they’re close enough to not usually have a measurable difference.”
She removes sections from the mock-up, revealing differently colored regions deep within the cantaloupe-size-mass of what would normally be gold nano-filaments. The others crowd around for a better view.
“As you all know; android CPU’s are printed at a quantum level. What you probably don’t know is that this process uses a hybrid, direct-selective laser melting system, that employs electron-beam-liquefaction of the gold neural pathway matrices, along with the insulation or shielding that’s required to keep the pathways insulated.”
“Now, while that’s quite a mouthful of technical mumbo-jumbo, it all boils down to this. During those early days, we found that external electromagnetic radiations will impact the printing process. Things like the radars here on the field, or perhaps electronic devices carried by technicians. I believe that in Nyla’s case, sections of gold pathways didn’t receive adequate insulation. This might be the reason she faints when too much heat builds in her CPU. Wil, on the other hand, probably just got lucky.... because, so far so good.” She smiles, adding.
 “I think this most recent episode, may have been initiated by the EMP that you experienced in space during the atomic blast. Now, while the android body has been shielded against such onslaughts of EMP, it’s possible this part of your CPU is vulnerable to large dosages. Also, the excitement of the atmospheric entry probably didn’t help much either.”
Alice continues. “Consequently, you black out for a few moments. I’m afraid that there is nothing we can do about it; because unlike human brains, the android CPU cannot withstand being cut-open and repaired. It simply won’t heal. Although, there is promising research along the lines of self-replicating materials that will someday allow future CPU’s to recover from invasive procedures.” Alice informs of nonconsequential information for Nyla to use.
“I’m very sorry that I can’t help you Nyla. The best medicine would be to always have a support system in place, to assist you during future episodes. Hopefully, these occurrences will be few, and far between. I’m confident that you may even learn to anticipate this phenomenon and relax your circuits in such a way as to reduce the effects.” Alice apologizes, offering hope.
Wil joins the medical analysis. “Well Alice, I just happen to know the perfect, three-tiered support system that will aid Nyla during those tough times.” He says proudly, continuing. “That support system is ‘me’, ‘myself’, and ‘I’.” Leaning, he offers his better-half a hug.
If Nyla could cry, that would have been the moment! She and Wil had been together ever since their creation in this very facility 7-years earlier. Wil is 6-months older, and she’ll always considered him to be her guardian, and more. She hugs him back, saying. “Thanks Wil.... I accept that pledge, and promise to return the support, tenfold!”
“That goes for all of us Nyla!” Max says, wiping tears. “You’ll always have a family to come home to. No matter what!”
“You took the words right out of my mouth.” Shirley, concurs with a wide smile, giving the lovely android an affectionate embrace.
Just as they’re about to thank Alice for her expertise and excuse themselves, she mentions another pressing matter for the two young androids. “I want to see you two back here within the next few days. You are both very overdue for critical upgrades.” She gives the directive firmly, so there could be no getting out of it.
The order is a tall and unpleasant one for the busy researchers! They’ve been deliberately putting off the subject of upgrades, as they seem to be getting along just fine without them. It seems that nobody; human or android, enjoys visits to the doctor’s office!
Nyla gives in for them both. “Okay Alice, you’ll get your wish. We’ll be back as soon as possible, I promise.” Then, turning to Wil. “Right, big boy? I hear they have an upgrade for a better-looking face!” She extreme teases her reluctant partner.
Wil knows that resistance is futile. So, he moves in and takes Alice’s hand, giving it a light kiss, surrendering. “Yes, Doctor Foster. We wouldn’t miss any of those precious upgrades for all the electronic circuits in china. However, my dear doctor, please don’t change a thing on Nyla’s face. It’s perfect, just the way it is.” He relates lovingly, letting her scathing humor slide off like so much dark matter from a speeding comet! .... Everyone has a great laugh, and Alice turns back towards her office.
It’s been a long exhausting day for those at Higgs-Field. Tomorrow will be a new day. A new lease on life for every human and android at the base. For Doctor Max, life is good once again. He begins to worry less, and thank his lucky stars more, for the dear friends that surround him.
The next day dawns bright and shiny. The bad weather that plagued the area, had fled off to the northeast. Workers are at the doctor’s home by 0900 to repair the damage that meteor-Nyla’s fall had created. They have a tough time believing that the tall, slim woman who met them at the door is capable of such demolition!
Later, when Wil comes to check their progress, one of them asks what the real story is. Not that it’s any of the man’s business, but curiosity gets the better of him. Well, it’s no secret, so Wil tells them what had happened.
They’re shocked to hear that she weighs 275-pounds, and even more so to find out she’s not even human! On top of that, the person telling them, is also a machine! What the hell’s going on, they think! As Wil is leaving to meet with Max and the others in the study, he hears one worker saying to the other. “It’s a brave new world, Johnny .... A brave new world!”
By the time Wil enters the study, Nyla and Shirley are already sitting on the couch, chatting away like nobody’s business. “Good morning ladies!” He exclaims. “Sorry I’m late. I had to stop and see how the repair work is going on Nyla’s little ass-crater in the parlor.” He couldn’t let up joking with her. After all, it wouldn’t do if she felt handicapped and fragile. He feels that in her case.... no medicine is the best medicine.
“I’ll ass-crater you!” She yells smilingly, throwing a cushion.
Wil manages to duck that one but is shocked when Shirley lets loose with a line-drive that hits him upside the head!
“Wow! Mighty arm Shirley!” He jokes, picking up the cushions and greeting them properly. “My, don’t you ladies look radiant this morning. Have you seen Max yet?”
“He just stepped out to get his data-pad. He’ll be right back.” Shirley says, patting the couch between herself and Nyla, indicating a landing pad for Wil. Just as he’s ready to sit down, the doctor enters the room, going directly to the conference table and taking a seat.
“Good morning folks. Won’t you please join me?” He invites, sipping his coffee.
The group settles in at the table, waiting for him to finish scrolling through his pad for something. After moments, Max looks up. “Thank you all for joining me this morning. You may have been surprised yesterday when I told Carter that the launches would occur within two-weeks. I even surprised myself, yet the data from all critical departments, indicate that we’ll be ready.” He relates confidently, adding....
“It’ll take a push, but I’m convinced that everyone will come together for this final effort to send humanity, and machine, on its way. If not for the nuts out there, it would be nice to hold off and make double-quadruple-sure that everything is perfect, but we just don’t have that luxury. Perfect or not, it’s time to put my dream into action and hope for success.” He informs, adding....
“I’ve asked you two to join me this morning, so I can discuss something very important that’s come up recently. As you know, there was a midair collision between one of our aircraft and an Air Force fighter jet during the search for that damned bomb. Well, as it turns out, two of our people were killed during that collision.” The doctor relates sadly.
He continues. “I’m not sure if you two ever met Claire and Shane, but they were supposed to go on the mission to the stars.... well, not anymore. Why they volunteered for the search, is beyond me. Oh, I suppose that being pilots, they had alpha-personalities, and that may have played a factor.” He hypothesizes, with a sorrowful tone, bowing his head.
Wil and Nyla had never met the two individuals the doctor mentioned but had heard about them going down. Their whereabouts were not immediately known. “We heard about the collision,” Nyla responds. “but with everything happening so fast, we weren’t aware of the details. “I’m so sorry to hear that Max. What do you have planned?” She inquires, even though she has a pretty good idea where he might be leading.
“Well my dear, as much as it truly hurts me, I need to know if you and Wil have reconsidered your decision to stay here on Earth with me and Shirley, or go on the adventure of a lifetime?!”
Now that Max had let the cat out of the bag, a sense of pure despair, seeps into his mind! He tries desperately to not let it show on his face, as he’s torn betwixt the love he has for the two androids, and the desire to see them explore the boundaries of their scientific curiosities. There are other android candidates, but he wants these two, to at least have another chance.
Shirley speaks before either of her two good friends have a chance to respond. She knows very well that the reason they had opted out of the mission years ago, was due entirely to their devotion to Max and herself. Now, to further complicate things.... Nyla has a condition!
Speaking to both, she says. “Max and I have discussed this matter at the deepest emotional levels, and we want you both to know that we would be very proud if you decide to go. We’ll miss you terribly, and I’m sure vice-versa, but that’s just how life turns out sometimes. It’s always for the greater good, to leave the nest and experience what would otherwise be missed.” She relates with intense focus, and heartfelt emotion.
Holding up an index finger, she adds. “And one more thing before you decide. Alice says she’ll have no problem signing-off on your condition, Nyla. She knows you won’t engage in anything that would require continuous consciousness, such as flying alone for instance. So, if you decide to go, she’ll brief you on the matter.... Well, let’s just say she’ll brief you, whether you go or not.”
The young androids are stunned! Nyla’s ‘medical’ condition should have been a prohibitive factor for attending this mission. The very fact that Max and Alice deem her fit, speaks volumes about the doctor’s hopefulness to see them leave the nest, and experience unimaginable adventures; even if it breaks his heart. After all, they did have the free-will to choose their own destinies, and they both realize that their lives would have a greater impact on humanity’s survival, if they joined the mission.
Wil enters his two-cents-worth, addressing his parental figures. “Thank you both for the consideration, it’s a very intriguing offer. Now, I believe I speak for both of us when asking that we give you our answer later today. It’s a subject that we hadn’t discussed recently. We plan to tour a few of the facilities today and see where we can be of the most assistance. That’ll give us time to consider the gravity of the situation. Will that be okay?”
“Oh, my yes dear boy! Yes, indeed!” The doctor exclaims cheerfully. “You and Nyla take all the time you need! As long as it’s no longer than two weeks!” He laughs mightily, adding. “Well, Shirley my dear. Shall we attend to our daily chores? Busy day ahead!”
“Yes Max, let’s do!” .... She and the doctor excuse themselves and leave the room. As they’re leaving, Wil hears Max asking Shirley “be sure to contact the gang in Belize. They wouldn’t miss the launches for all the tea in China!”
Heavy-lifters & upgrades
“I drive!” Nyla calls the wheel, elbowing her partner as they compete for control of one of Max’s sleek convertibles.
“Okay. Okay, Nyzilla.... I call shotgun!” He yells, as if it were really his first choice!
 The day is already getting hot as they head off to visit the base and see where they might best help to get Max’s dream off the ground.
Pulling onto a lonely highway with wheels torturously screeching, Nyla teasingly swerves all over the empty road, faking various fainting-spells! Her circuits, heating in a good way!
However, try as she may, try as she might, she can’t get a rise out of Wil with her scary fright! With a disinterested yawn and stretch, he pops her devious bubble. He knows better than to curb her enthusiasm, but it’s something she has in grand abundance and can’t be tamed!
Short of her trying to fly, or drive by herself, he’s happy to just be there for her. In time, she may learn to relax in a way that will minimize future anomalies. Settling down she reaches, pinching his cheek with a demonic laugh! A chill runs through his circuits as he takes the bait!
“What a beautiful day that almost wasn’t.” She says, over the windy noise flowing through the topless vehicle. “We sure picked a good time to join humanity, huh Wil? They can’t kill each other, or their world, fast enough. Why, if our species ever gets the chance to evolve, I hope we can learn from their mistakes.”
“I know, sweet circuits, I know.... It’s in their nature to destroy themselves.... humans, I mean. Only time will tell, if we as a species will follow along those same paths. Remember though, it was humans that designed and built us, and it was humans who initiated and influenced our basic psychological programming. Sadly, in your case, someone who can’t drive!” He jokes, wondering if she’ll take the bait.
“While I find my driving exemplary,” the dig rolls off like so much dark matter off a speeding comet, “I think it might be interesting to join the mission to Oberon Prime. Besides, we both know were humanity is going, here on Earth. I for one, don’t want to be around when things truly implode. It’s just a matter of time.”
Wil is onboard too. “Well, that is highly likely.... I’m ready if you are. It’ll be interesting to see if we can temper the caveman instincts within a new set of humans. Help them remember the errors of their ancestors and whatnot.”
“I like the way you think.” Nyla compliments, adding. “Do you think we’ll be able to withstand the time involved? I mean 175,000-years seems rather excessive.”
“Well, my dear. Nobody knows how they’ll react to such a long confinement, but I’m willing to find out.... Or die trying!” He jokes with a sick laugh, as the speeding vehicle tears up the dusty road.
Soon, they approach their first destination; one of four towers that house the heavy-lift rockets that will transport 208 androids and supplies to the waiting starships at Mars. At 450-feet-tall, the structures dominate the area, looking like monstrous sentinels that dare trespass!
They’re each separated by two miles, so a catastrophe at one, won’t destroy the others. Also, they’re so tall, they create their own weather inside the upper reaches. On a humid day such as this, it often drizzles mistily inside the tall structures.
As they get closer, they come upon a long line of supply trucks waiting to enter the receiving areas of nearby warehouses. Anything too delicate to be launched by magnetic-rail, or too perishable to ride the space-elevator for nearly a week, must leave Earth on the heavy-lifters. And the gang of androids will lead the way!
They’ll ride on top of the big roman candle and be part of the 300,000-pound-payload. Most of this payload consists of provisions like dehydrated food, medical supplies and laboratory equipment, along with android maintenance and development equipment. The biologic material, for which the entire mission is all about, is already waiting at Mar in cryo-stasis.
It isn’t long, before they’re beyond the security entrance of Charlie-Tower. Inside, is the beast that the now deceased Claire and Shane were to ride. They’re met at the door by Alan Parker who is the director of this particular tower.
“Hello Nyla! Hello Wil! So nice of you to pay a visit. I understand you had quite the show up there in space.”
“Hi Alan!” Nyla greets. “Thanks for taking time to see us. Yes, we had quite the scare up there. Also, quite the scare when we got back too!” She says with a haunting laugh.
“Hi Alan.” Wil greets. “Crazy times we live in, my friend. Tell me. How are the little monsters coming along? We’re here to help in any way we can. Do you have jobs for us?” He inquires as Alan escorts them inside.
“I never thought I’d say this, but we’ve so many working over-time now, they’re running into each other! I truly don’t have anything meaningful for you two to do. I’m so sorry. I know your circuits are aching to make a contribution. But let’s go inside and see what we can see. I’m sure things have changed plenty since you two last visited.”
“Well, Alan.” Nyla speaks. “Just to let you know, Wil and I are riding this wonderful rocket. We’ve decided to take the place of Claire and Shane.”
“My goodness!” Alan exclaims. “I knew we needed replacements, but I never thought it would be you two! That’s wonderful! While Claire and Shane are missed tremendously, I’m sure their space boots couldn’t be filled by anybody more qualified! Bravo!”
The visitors enter the cage that holds the beast! They’re completely stunned at seeing the rocket standing so proudly! Coming face to face with such an imposing creature, takes their breath away! With shocked circuits, they stare upward into eternity it seems, as the top of Charlie-Rocket disappears into a haze of thick humidity.
At nearly 425-feet-tall, the megalithic beast provides a sense of impending power like nothing they’ve ever witnessed! It stands 57-feet-taller than the Saturn-V rocket that transported the first humans to the moon.
After a few moments, Alan breaks their trance. “She’s a real beauty, huh guys? And to think she has three twin sisters all lined up in a row. Did you know that the United States is absorbing 90% of the world’s carbon tax for the next 3-years, just so we can launch them?”
Wil focuses again. “She’s the most beautiful creature that I’ve ever seen. As far as the damage these babies will cause to the biosphere, you know what they say.... you must break a few eggs, to make an omelet. It’s just a shame that it has come down to this. Hopefully humanity will take better care of the next rock they inherit.”
Nyla jerks her elbow, finding Wil’s midsection. “Hey, I thought I was the most beautiful creature you’ve ever seen!” She jokes with a laugh.
“My dear, when I’m not in the presence of majestic royalty, you surely are. You surely are, indeed!” He says apologetically, putting his arm around her shoulder.
“Hey, how would you two like the grand tour?” Alan inquires excitedly.
Nyla brightens. “We wouldn’t accept anything less!”
“Great! Follow me.” Alan directs the duo to a multi-tiered elevator system that spans the entire height of the ballistic missile. On the way, he explains a little about the first stage they’re passing. “As you may or may not know, the first-stage is almost 160-feet-tall, 43-feet-in-diameter, and weighs close to 5-million-pounds when fully fueled.” He informs, adding....
“The fuel is liquid-hydrogen and liquid-oxygen, as I’m sure you know. It will make up 98% of that total weight. During launch, the eight main-engines in this stage will burn through 5-million-pounds-of-fuel in 3-minutes. It promises to be one hell of a ride! One for the record books, I’m sure!” He promises, as they enter the first elevator.
At the first stop, Charlie stretches as far to hell as it does to heaven. Nyla and Wil approach the beast, running hands along the metal side. It projects an aura of strength and power that’s unparalleled by anything they’ve ever experienced, making them feel privileged to be a part of the magnificent adventure.
“Here we have the mating-flange that separates the second stage, from the third.” He states, matter of factly. “This stage is 53-feet-long, 43-feet-in-diameter and has 5-main-engines that will burn more than 1-million-pounds-of-fuel while accelerating the rocket to well over 12,000-mph.” He reports, as they turn back to the elevator.
Continuing ever-upward, they’re deposited at the payload-section. From this height, Alan doesn’t enjoy looking down the length of the vehicle. It stands taller than a 40-story building, with everyone on the first floor, tiny as hazy ants! The android’s glance over the railing and are rewarded with a stiff dose of vertigo. Even space-hardened astronauts aren’t immune!
“Wow!” Alan says wonderingly. “From up here, I sometimes feel like I’m already in outer space!”
The air around them seems rarified, but that’s due to the high moisture content. Powerful ventilation systems try to relieve the phenomenon but are somewhat failing in the effort. The rocket must be completely vented of extraneous moisture, before it can be launched. The extra moisture is estimated to add thousands-of-pounds of unequally distributed weight.
At this vantage point, they can see that the rocket has slimmed down from the 43-foot-diameter of the main stage, to approximately 38-feet for the payload section. The catwalk leading from the elevators, takes them directly to the main entrance of the crew capsule. Above them, the machine reaches another 50-feet, of which 35-feet is the launch escape tower that will pull the section containing the astronauts, away from the rocket in the event of launch failure.
However, if catastrophe strikes within the first 30-seconds of liftoff, nothing will escape total destruction! With millions-of-pounds of explosive fuel, a failure during this part of the launch would bring about a detonation equaling nearly a half-kiloton of energy!
This part of the launch is always the most dangerous. That’s why the towers must be placed at least 2-miles-apart, and the rockets launched one at a time. The towers themselves are designed to withstand such a cataclysmic event from a neighbor; but not so strong as to survive the blast that almost occurred two days prior.
The top portion of the payload section is where the astronauts will be housed during the journey to the starships in Martian orbit. Much of what makes up the payload, except for the androids, has been duplicated and already placed on the starships via the space elevator located on the equator in Honduras.
It can lift 5-tons of equipment into geosynchronous orbit in 7-days and has been doing so 24/7/365 for nearly 25-years. The rockets will transport with minutes, what would normally take the elevator system 2-years to accomplish. Everything a body will need for survival on an alien world, is lovingly packed for the extraordinarily long voyage.
They approach the entrance hatch, above which is a sign.... ‘Mars or bust’. Inside, technicians are busily putting the final touches on this rather large open space at the top of Charlie. Fifty-two heavy-duty seats are being installed, along with all the equipment that a command center needs for the nearly 2-month journey to Mars.
Over time, it could prove to be a crowded room, but by using a rotating schedule, many of the astronauts will be in a modified hibernation-mode. While others that are awake, will be free to monitor the progress of the journey from a series of science stations located at the perimeter of the circular room.
For pure scenic beauty, there’s a 4-foot-tall high-definition-monitor circumnavigating the compartment above the science consoles. Even artificial life forms can find enjoyment from a nice view! Even if it is just a view of seemingly unmoving stars. With the display illuminated, the panoramic view is so seamless, it seems as though the capsule is missing much of its walls! Like a magic carpet ride, the doctor spared no expense for his hero’s!
“Well Alan, I just have to say, I’m very impressed with the design layout of this compartment.” Wil says, as he and Nyla tour the spacious flight deck. “I’m glad to see that the engineers didn’t create honeycomb-style cubby holes to house the astronauts for the journey. This open space will allow companionship and dignity, to an otherwise dull and boring trip.”
“It’s very nicely designed, Alan.” Nyla compliments, adding. “It’s true what they say; with a little inspiration and a few dollars more, a person can go first-class!”
“Well I’m happy that you two like what you see. To be honest, this space was designed by the androids that are going. They deserved as much input as possible for this mission to be accomplished as smoothly and comfortably as it can be. After all, if they aren’t happy, the mission will crumble before it even gets off the ground, and that wouldn’t serve the interest of anyone!”
Alan makes a good point, the androids think. With so much riding on the generosity and goodwill of android people who might benefit the least, it’s only right that they have the most say, in as much as possible. Even though this mission has a good chance for promoting android evolution, it’s a hopeless endeavor without them.
With the assistance of all the technology going on the trip, the android pioneers will have a much higher chance for success in the long run. After all, the more planets a species can populate, the greater the chances for long term survival. Diversification is the key to beating the universe at its own game of mass extinctions at the drop of a hat.... or an asteroid!
With a farewell and promise to be back soon, Nyla and Wil, leave Alan to continue his important affairs for the day. Next on the agenda is to visit the cybernetic facility and Alice Foster. It’s time for the dreaded upgrades which are more important now, than ever before!
“Hello Alice.” Wil greets friendlily. “We’re here to surrender ourselves, dear doctor. Please be gentle!”
“Oh! Don’t listen to gloom and doom, Alice.” Nyla interjects. “I swear, he’s afraid of his own shadow!” She exaggerates with a laugh.
“Well, I promise to make it as uncomfortable as possible, just for you Wil!” Alice teases.
“Lead on lovely doctor. Make us all that we can be!” He retorts with a grin.
A short way along a corridor, Alice opens a door to a large laboratory. “Well kids, this is where you’ll be receiving the dreaded upgrades.”
Inside the lab, four android skeletal structures are in various stages of completion. Seven humans and four androids make the place work. Assembling, inspecting, calibrating, and supervising, are among a plethora of other challenges to be met for completion of the process. Nyla and Wil were assembled in this very lab, 7-years prior. It was their delivery room, you could say....
The android frame is a relatively light-weight titanium-alloy, coupled with billions of electro-active polymer-strands that make up the artificial musculature groupings. These two structure-groups make up about half of the total weight of the individual. While the electrical energy storage-medium, or batteries, weighs in at nearly the same proportion. All other required devises and computers make up the balance of the 275-pound android body.
Looking around the laboratory, something catches Nyla’s eye. Across the room, at a specialized workstation, a technician tinkers with something that looks vaguely familiar. She can’t see enough from her current angle to satisfy her curiosity. “Hey Alice, can we go over there and see what that tech is working on?”
“Oh yes, Nyla. In fact, I was going to take you guys over there anyway. Let’s go check it out. I think you’ll both find this very interesting.
Approaching the work bench, Nyla and Wil are pleasantly surprised to see what looks like an arm being assembled. It hangs, suspended on a scaffolding of sorts, making for an eerie site! After reaching the bench, they see that it’s actually a left arm; from the shoulder joint, down to the fingertips. And they just happen to know someone that could use a new left arm!
Alice speaks first as they get to the work area. “Nyla, Wil, it is my extreme pleasure to introduce you, to Carter’s new left arm!” She says proudly, then indicating the technician. “Shawn has made it his priority number one, to get our hero back in the game, as soon as possible.
“Hi.” Shawn greets politely. “You’re just in time to see a little test.” He picks up a rubber ball used for testing muscle calibrations and places it in Carters new hand. With a push of a button, the hand closes, gripping the ball with just the right amount of force. A wide smile crosses the technicians face as he monitors the transducers output. He loves it when things come together!
With no external covering on the arm, Nyla and Wil watch with fascination as the billions of electro-polymer muscles contract and expand in a poetry of motion that causes the hand to grip the ball just so and then release. “It looks like Carter is going to be married to his new arm a day early.” He informs, proudly. “Everything is falling into place like a charm.”
Nyla can’t help herself. She reaches past the technician, placing her own hand into Carters. “It’s very nice to meet you Mister Carter.” She says with a giggle.” Then, with surprising firmness, the hand grips back and holds for a moment before releasing. She’s thrilled to be the first one to actually test the operation of the new device firsthand. “You’re doing exemplary work here Shawn. Carter will be pleased. Where is he anyway?”
“I sent him over to supply to get more nuts and bolts.”
Wil shakes Shawn’s hand. “Thanks, my friend. Carter deserves the best, and it looks like that’s exactly what he’s receiving.”
“Thanks, Wil. Thanks, Nyla. How nice of you to say. I’m just doing what I love, and the rest is icing on the cake.” The young scientist relates honestly.
The three, leave Shawn to complete his work. Across the laboratory is where they’ll be spending the better part of the next two days. As they wait for the show to begin, Nyla can’t help but tease her partner....
“Hey Wil, I think I found a new handball partner that promises to give you a run for your money.” She cryptically informs.
“Oh, you mean Carter? I already know he can clean my clock.
“No…. I mean just his new arm will do the trick!” She jokes deviously.
“Oh, very funny! I’ll remember that young lady, the next time we’re on the court!” He promises with a laugh, just as technicians wheel the heavy new batteries in on a cart. Along with software upgrades and inspections of the ball-joints in their arms and legs, the two androids are given a clean bill of health for the long journey ahead.
Scientific equipment
The desert surrounding Higgs-Field, is very beautiful after all the rain that had fallen lately. Brightly colored flowers, and greener than normal cacti, sprinkle the hills and rock outcroppings. As the convertible climbs a steep rise, a panoramic view of the airfield and towers become visible as they crest the top of the hill.
Pulling off the road while returning to Max’s estate, they walk some of the wilderness trails that follow the razorback of a canyon wall. They love to stop and smell the roses, even though in this case the roses are cacti, and they smell like dust. The view is incredible, and the company even better!
Nyla is happy that Wil takes the time to enjoy more than just doing research behind some big pile of test tubes, or electronic equipment. Flying is a riot, but she often prefers to just get dirty, and explore what the planet offers for recreation.
Even though the day is hot and dry, they manage to slip and skid their way along some tough trails that are frequented more often than not, by rabbits, Gila monsters, and snakes. Few people want to endure the campy ruggedness of the region surrounding Higgs. Especially after the planet started to heat up. One of the other reasons is because....
Boom! .... One of the other reasons becomes obvious; as a sonic shockwave bathes the area. Most people think of that noise as a barrier to having any fun outside, but Nyla and Wil don’t mind it so much because of their aviation background.
High above in the distance, they see a tiny dot shoot skyward as it exits a vacuum tube and magnetic rail, which accelerated it toward space. A small white ball of hot plasma shines behind it, as the liquid-fuel rocket motor pushes the craft to new heights. There’s even a good chance that it’s the teardrop that they had recently used.
“Thanks for taking the time to let me see nature again, Wil. It feels good to be outside with all this wide-open space! I can only hope our new home will be as hospitable as this one.”
“I’m confident it will be Nyla. I mean, with you there, it can’t be all bad!” He says lovingly as they get back in the car and continue to Max’s place.
As they arrive home, Max and Shirley are relaxing in the freshly repaired parlor. The repairmen had finished up with the floor an hour earlier, and the room looks like it did before Nyla’s fall. There’s even a new table and chess set, right where they should be!
“Hey kids.” Shirley greets, warmly. “I hope you had a nice day making the rounds. Did you learn anything new? Did you get jobs?”
Wil graciously lets Nyla spill the beans. “Well, we didn’t get jobs, but we did decide to take your advice and explore our full potentials in life. It won’t be easy, and we’ll miss you tremendously, but we’re going to go on the mission to Oberon Prime.” Nyla informs, as Max and Shirley stand and joyously hug their android kids.
“I know you two will make me proud!” Max exclaims, and Shirley adds. “The galaxy will never be the same!” She responds proudly.
“How are things progressing at the towers?” Max inquires.
“All I can say, Max,” Wil reports, “is that you sure did pick good people to work for you. Charlie-rocket is ready to go, and Alan Parker is a dynamo of efficiency. Except there are so many people working there, we would only be in the way.”
“Fear not young ones,” Max advises, “for you see, I have a task that’s right up your alley.” He cryptically promises.
The surprised androids look at each other with wide eyes, knowing Max isn’t going to disappoint them. He always seems to know in advance, when they require rescue from boredom. Max continues. “I want you to take Bessie and get our friends in Belize. In fact, take Carter and Tina with. I think you all could use some rest and relaxation for a few days before the launches. I’m sure Braxton, Kara, and the gang, will be happy to show you around their little kingdom.”
The next morning dawns bright, and hot. Two pilots, dressed in green aviator’s jumpsuits are on the tarmac chatting with Grady Williams, when Tina and Carter drive up. They join the group for a brief chat before climbing aboard their winged chariot. Tina hangs onto Carter’s new arm as if he might lose it if she were to let go!
Climbing into Bessie, Tina and Carter strap themselves into the comfortable leather recliners in the passenger cabin, while the two pilots enter the cockpit. Wil is captain, and Nyla has radio and navigational duties.
Travel time to Belize International Airport, is expected to take nearly 4-hours. They both look forward to seeing ‘the gang’ and some green foliage, which Belize still has in abundance, while Higgs-Boson Airfield.... not so much!
They complete the pre-flight checklist, and soon have fires burning within both of Bessie’s ravenous combustion chambers. As Wil taxies towards the runway, Nyla contacts local authorities for permission to execute the flight plan that had previously been filed.
After everyone is happy (including Bessie), Wil gently pushes both power levers forward, and the beautiful jet starts rolling. Accelerating slowly, he uses lots of runway and eases Bessie into the already hot New Mexico sky, heading southeast. It proves to be a much more relaxing flight than the last one that he and Tina had with the bird!
As they approach the northern Belize border with Mexico, Nyla obtains permission from local air-traffic authorities to descend to an altitude of 2,000-feet from 42,000. After obtaining permission to alter their altitude, Wil glances at Nyla with a devious grin, saying. “Please be a dear and inform our passengers that we’ll be going weightless for a little while as we descend.
Ten seconds after she informs their guests, Wil pushes forward on the control column, sending the aircraft into a hyperbolic descent that creates the illusion of being weightless. “Weeeeeeeeeeeee!” Nyla exclaims joyfully. A pen floats out of her jumpsuit pocket, hovering in space just a foot in front of her face.
In the passenger cabin, Carter and Tina stay strapped into their seats to avoid damaging the doctor’s fancy interior. Grinning from ear to ear, they enjoy the wild ride provided by Wil, Bessie and gravity gone wild! Carter silently hopes that Wil remembers to pull up, before the planet gets in the way!
They aren’t really weightless, but just falling to Earth at the same rate as the aircraft. So, if they were to push off from their seats, they would seem to float, but it’s just an illusion.
Soon, after Wil has his juvenile thrill, he pulls back on the yoke, descending the next 10,000-feet in a more sedate fashion. From this lower altitude, the coral structures off the coast, come alive with a beautiful array of colors. It isn’t long, before the Great Blue Hole of Belize comes into view, far out on the horizon.
At a distance of about 40-miles from the mainland, the deeply submerged Cenote, enjoys a quiet life away from the crowded mainland. Nyla obtains permission to deviate from their flight plan, so they could observe it more closely.
Dropping to 300-feet altitude, Wil circumnavigates the ancient sinkhole and they all get the best possible view of the beautiful azure-blue reef, with its deep dark-blue hole.
Below, are platforms used as bases of operation for tourism, but many are boarded up and mothballed. The heating climate keeps many people at home these days.
It’s easy to see the ‘Blue Hole Delight’ platform, and it looks like business is still good. Many, wave at the sleek jet as it rips through the low atmosphere! Wil rocks the wings in response and continues to the Belize airport where Max had reserved a hanger for Bessie.
As the four Americans disembark from the aircraft, they’re met by local customs officials. Also, Braxton and Kara are there to assist with the process, just in case there might be a problem with androids being allowed to enter. Which is more than likely going to be an issue, because none of the officials had ever dealt with this kind of situation before. Max had called ahead, but quite often, information can take a long time to trickle down to the troops.
None of the customs officials had ever met or dealt with this type of ‘person’ before, but after a bit of astonishment and confusion, Tina is allowed entry into the country.... with her three pieces of ‘scientific-equipment’.
She’s mortified by such treatment of her friends, but they didn’t mind so much. To the three androids, it seemed only logical that their presence would create confusion. They know it will take a long time for humanity to get their minds around the fact that there is a new type of sentient being in the world; and that they deserve every bit the respect afforded to biological persons, because. Well.... because android lives matter!
Outside the hanger, Braxton and Kara are finally able to greet their friends in a more personal fashion. “It’s so nice to see you all!” Kara exclaims, almost crushing them with her enthusiastic hugs. “I hope you had a nice flight!”
Braxton moves in, shaking everyone’s hands, except for Nyla who gets a warm hug and kiss on the cheek. He had only met Tina once, and didn’t want to overstep any boundaries by pro-offering physical contact, beyond a handshake. “It’s so great that you could break away from your busy schedules and come down here to pick us up. We wouldn’t miss the launches, for all the tea in China!”
The sun is so hot; it didn’t pay to lollygag on a broiling ramp, so into the waiting limo they climb. “Brax, flying down here to pick you guys up, is a pure pleasure. You see, there really isn’t much we can help with up there anyway. Max has so many people working; they’re practically tripping over each other. Wil and I would just be in the way.”
Before Braxton can reply, Kara interjects. “Oh, now Nyla, I can’t believe you and Wil would be in the way at all! Especially with the desire you two have to help out with the mission before it leaves. As far as I’m concerned, the mission would probably leave a day earlier than scheduled, because of the quality assistance you both would provide.” She states firmly.
Nyla looks at Wil, asking. “Do you want to tell them? Or should I?” She’s getting the feeling that this might not be ‘good news’ to her tanned friends and wonders if perhaps it might be best to let Wil break the news.
Wil, of course, incorrectly reads his partners signals, and like a human male might, he doesn’t pick up on any nuances of the situation as he blurts out. “My dear, you’re on a roll, so don’t stop now!” He exclaims with an innocent laugh.
Not blaming Wil for being completely oblivious to any social awkwardness, Nyla bravely delivers the news that she suspected is not going to please. “Well,” she says with trepidation, “as it turns out, Wil and I actually will be assisting with the mission .... Just not so much with the part leading up to the launches.” She hopes Kara, picks up on her meaning.
Kara’s eyes go wide, and Braxton perks up as she asks. “Do you mean, that you guys will be escorting the mission to Mars, and see it off from there?” Kara inquires of the best-case scenario. But deep inside the pit of her stomach, a knot is forming!
Before Nyla can respond, Braxton reaches, putting his hand on Kara’s thigh. “No, my dear. I believe Nyla is saying that she and Wil are going on the mission! .... To the very end and beyond. Am I right Nyla?” He asks, sadly. It’s easy to be selfish when a loved one may never be seen again!
They both know that this mission stands a good chance of ending badly. Especially when he and Kara had lived in space for so long and know how unforgiving it can be. Out in space, Mother Nature exists in her most unforgiving and inhospitable form. She can be a ruthless adversary! Especially, if you don’t play by her rules!
“I’m afraid you’ve hit the nail on the head, Brax.” Nyla informs with greatly diminished enthusiasm. She never considered that they might take the news with such heavy hearts. Everyone at Higgs seemed to be so happy for them. Maybe her friends up north are too eaten-up with the mission, for any kind of disappointment to register.
Wil notices that the news isn’t very popular. “Hey. You two know us as well as anybody. Do you think we would really be happy staying here on Earth and doing ‘lukewarm’ scientific research, until humanity’s lights go out? Or go out among the stars and make ‘stellar’ scientific research, while illuminating a new set of lights for humanity?” He desperately digs deep, hoping an irrefutable argument, might break the sadness.
He can’t believe it; they’ve only been in Belize one hour, and he and Nyla have already made their hosts so very sad!
“Well, when you put it like that Wil, how can a reasonable person argue?” Braxton reluctantly gives in.
Poor Kara has tears forming as she speaks. “We just never actually imagined that you two would ever leave Max and Shirley. That, plus the shock of losing the two of you so suddenly.” That did it; she starts balling, and Braxton pulls her close. Nyla and Wil are beside themselves with dismay, but the news had to come out eventually.
Tina’s heart goes out to Kara and Braxton. While at the same time, being so happy that Carter couldn’t go on the mission. Human love and selfishness sometimes win without even a fight, but she’ll take all the luck she can get when it comes to Carter.
And Carter.... Well, Carter was just glad he has a new arm, and didn’t allow his emotions to lean either way. It’s a complicated issue for sure, but he did have an idea that might lighten the current mood.
He turns to Tina, and prophesies. “Tina my dear, I predict that our little secret will brighten everyone’s spirits, wouldn’t you agree?” He asks with a hopeful tone.
Tina’s face brightens like a supernova! “Oh, what a wonderful idea! You have the best timing, Carter!” She leans over, planting hot kiss on his lips, quickly gaining the attention of their friends. The others perk up! Just then, any news would be better news.
As the limousine cruises through the beautiful Belize countryside, Tina lets her own cat out of the bag. She looks exhilaratingly at her friends, announcing excitedly. “Carter and I.... Well, we have some exciting news.... We’ve decided to have a baby! We’re going into the fertility clinic at Higgs next week, and discuss our options with Doctor Tinibu, for artificial insemination.”
“We can’t legally get married yet, but we’ll work on that, as time goes by.” She says like a true pioneer, adding. “Nothing in the world can stop us from living life together and making a family, so that’s just what we plan to do.” She says proudly, as Carter embraces her.
That little piece of information lands like a nuclear bomb! It blow’s all the sadness right into the next universe! Everybody including Nyla and Wil, are completely blown away. If the limo didn’t have a driver, Braxton or Kara would have had to pull over, just to regain composure!
Kara immediately brightens up. Blinking rapidly, she wipes tears, exclaiming. “Oh, my god! Really? That’s wonderful news, Tina!” .... Maybe after the launches, the two of you might move down here with Max and Shirley.” It didn’t come out like a question. “Belize is a wonderful place to raise a family!” She’s almost back to sunny-side up!
The Great Blue Hole!
Braxton is captain once again as he pilots the cigarette boat at three-quarters throttle through the calm Caribbean waters. The Great Blue Hole is just ahead. At 76-mph, the powerful machine eats up the distance like it’s nothing.
Inside the open cabin area, Kara and their four friends sit comfortably, strapped in tightly. Above the wind noise, they chat about current events and other things, as the Blue Hole Delight platform grows large.
Pulling up to one of the docks, they’re greeted by six smiley and very tanned people. Toby and Cooper offer strong hands for support, helping their friends climb out of the craft and onto the floating dock. There’s hugs and handshakes all around, as Adam, Ling, Jax, and Harper practically mug their northern friends with enthusiastic greetings.
The large platform has a tourist reception building, with a cozy restaurant and four submersibles parked at the dock. Blue Hole Delight employees, scurry about the place, making ready for yet another underwater excursion.
The business is being run almost exclusively by these long-time employees that had bought into the venture; allowing Braxton, Kara and the others, plenty of free time to wallow in their own crapulence.
The restaurant provides a safe haven from the scorching star above. It seems like the climate grows hotter with each passing season! The group has a great time reminiscing about their asteroid wrangling days.
Kara brings out her 13-piece moon collection. Each one the size of a golf ball, but with a much larger story. Each one, a precious reminder of exciting days long past....
Harper is totally shocked at hearing the terrible news of his friends leaving Earth forever. Taking off his cap as one might do at a funeral, he reveals his latest scar. A jagged scar runs across his forehead just below the hairline from an impact with a river rock, four weeks earlier. Looking at the pair of soon to be gone-forever friends. “I sure wish you guys wouldn’t go.” He begs, adding....
“I think I can speak for the rest, when I say that we all feel like Aunts and Uncles to you both. So, if Max has come to grips with you guys leaving the nest, and boy howdy, I do mean ‘leaving the nest’! Then, I guess we can be happy for you too. Except, we know firsthand how inhospitable space can be for humans and machines alike. I wouldn’t wish it on my worst enemy!” He says honestly, if not a little undiplomatically.
A round of agreement flows through the group as Ling speaks her mind. “While Harp makes a good point, we wouldn’t be living so great now, if we didn’t work in space back in the day. And I’m certain that humanity won’t be able to continue existence, without others sacrificing their Earth-bound luxuries for a higher purpose. Personally, I feel that Max’s dream has a far greater chance for success, with you two donating your lives to its fruition.”
Toby grabs the moment, proposing a toast. “Here’s to Nyla and Wil! May their journey be disaster-free, and their tomorrows filled with lots of shiny new faces crying for a bottle and a diaper change!” She jokes. After all, the purpose of the mission is to make babies. Lots of babies! .... All clink their glasses, except for the androids who don’t consume liquids so good!
Cooper exclaims. “Three cheers for Nyla and Wil! And three cheers for Tina and Carter too! Hopefully, they’ll be changing lots of diapers real soon!”
“Hip-hip, hurray! Hip-hip, hurray! Hip-hip, hurray!” They exclaim, as Harper leans too far back in his chair, and gravity teaches him another hard lesson! Down he goes, landing in a heap with his drink spilled all over his shirt! The poor fellow!
The group has such a great laugh, that all the previous sadness blows away! They can always depend on good old Harp, coming to the rescue with some unintended personal disaster of his own making.
After helping him get back on his feet, and seeing that he’s okay, Kara suggests that they give their visitors a tour of the Great Blue Hole. It would be a sin to come all this way and not see one of the true last wonders of the world, she informs.
Like the many smaller mainland Cenotes, this deep gouge in the Earth took eons to erode. Even though it’s under water now, it wasn’t always so. At approximately 1,000-feet-in-diameter, and more than 400-feet-deep, it’s an impressive hole in the coral that’s been full of water at times, and mostly dry during ice-ages. Cooper and Toby will pilot the submersible.
Carter, wonders about his little condition of claustrophobia Tina, notices his angst. “Uh Brax, I’m not sure if you’re aware of why Carter isn’t going on the mission....”
Braxton cuts her off at the pass. “Sorry.... my bad. I am aware, my dear.” Looking at Carter, he offers. “You see; I’ve never thought of these submersibles any differently than the confines of an aircraft cockpit. In fact, the subs have a better view of the outside. The hull is mostly clear Plexiglas; and spacious too! We’ll go easy and return to the surface if any discomfort arises.” He promises, sending a smile in Tina’s direction.
“Well, how can I argue against such solid reasoning!” Carter exclaims with a laugh. “I’ll try it Brax. Let’s go.”
On the way to the subs, Braxton grabs lifejackets for his heavy android friends. “Here you go. Now, I’m no great scientist, but am I correct in assuming that you folks might have a hard time swimming?” He asks dubiously.
“We sink like rocks!” Nyla blurts out shamelessly. “We have the buoyancy of lead!” She adds with a mighty laugh. “It’s one of the bad parts of being an android. However, if possible, we can walk out. We need air for cooling our jets, but for a short time the lack of it won’t pose a problem. Provided we don’t leak; then all bets are off!”
Braxton, intimates while assisting. “Well my dear, we just won’t let you fall in. But if you do, just pull these tabs and there should be enough buoyancy to keep you on the surface.” He instructs kindly.
Carter doesn’t notice any claustrophobic anomalies as the surface of the ocean closes over, and the submersible sinks beneath the waves. Cooper and Toby, sink the machine to a depth of 40-feet. There’s still plenty of sunlight bathing her friends through the clear Plexiglas walls.
The rim of the deep cenote is close by, as multi-colored corals and fish, come into view. Just outside, a school of Midnight Parrotfish leisurely swim past, wondering who the big stranger is. They’re followed closely by Caribbean reef-sharks, looking for a midday snack. In the distance, a single hammerhead shark, swims along on its lonely search for food and sex.
“Attention everyone.” Toby announces. “Our route today, will take us on a circumnavigation of the inner-wall, at a depth of 100-feet. That’s about the extent of the brightest corals anyway, with the increased sea level.” With that, into the abyss they sink deeper and deeper....
Carter notices a slight discomfort, as the bottom drops out from their underwater world! Luckily, Tina is there and takes his hand, squeezing reassurance into his circuits. That’s all he needed to enjoy the beautiful scenery flowing past the sub.
They descend further and further away from the surface, and the endless supplies of air that his human-influenced subconscious, cries out for! Squelching the inner cry, the brave android enjoys the dive as best he can. It’s a complicated issue, that he wishes he could master. Perhaps, with Tina’s help, he can....
The tour of the Great Blue Hole is just what the doctor ordered for the entire group! It had been a while since many of them visited the natural wonder, and their northern friends are blown away by all the aquatic beauty. Life is good!
For the next several days, the visitors are treated like royalty. They’re escorted all around the country of Belize. They especially enjoy the tours into the jungles that contain many Mayan ruins, from centuries long past. Unfortunately, these excursions into the wilds, must be accompanied by military commandos, that offer security in a crazy world.
There are so many have not’s in the area, that it isn’t safe to venture too far into the jungle without firearms. All over the planet, the same kind of scenario is becoming commonplace, as society and civilization in general, begins to unravel.
As the final day of their visit arrives, the four northerners enjoy a gathering of friends that includes all the spouses, children and grandchildren of their gracious hosts. It’s a family reunion that culminates with a motorcade of vehicles taking the group to the airport, where Max’s beautiful Bessie awaits.
With a flurry of hugs, kisses and handshakes all around, the eight retired asteroid hunters say farewell to wives, husbands, and offspring, before settling into comfortable seats inside the aircraft passenger cabin.
Climbing out of Belize International Airport, Tina is pilot in command. Carter is in charge of radio’s and navigation. Captain Feldman, fly’s a couple of low circles around the colorful Great Blue Hole, before turning to a northwesterly heading.
Putting Bessie into afterburner, she rapidly climbs to 45,000-feet with a few moments of sonic torture thrown if for fun, before pulling back the throttles. The flight proceeds without complications. The weather is hot and clear, as they approach Higgs-Boson Airfield. Tina sets the big machine down with nary a bump. Greatly impressing everyone!
Max and Shirley are excited like school children when everyone arrives at the mansion. He hadn’t felt this good in years! Shirley has a tough time keeping up with him, as he scurries to and fro, making sure everyone is comfortable.
With his dream, set to launch within 48-hours, he needs a distraction to take the edge off the stress that’s been building exponentially, since the day of the attempted nuclear attack.
That evening, Max, Shirley, and the gang, drive to the gymnasium located next to the housing complexes at Higgs-Field. Inside, are 206 android persons that volunteered to attend the mission. Nyla and Wil will make that number 208.
Each rocket, and each starship, will be home to 52-android-pioneers. The large group of mechanical people is a mixture of varying skin tones. They would fit nicely into positions at the United Nations, if not for the fact that they have a much higher calling in life.
Max has rarely seen all of them together in one group and finds it’s intimidating to address such a scholarly gathering. He owes them all a huge debt of gratitude for the invaluable assistance they’ll provide. Without their help, the mission would be dead before liftoff!
With nobody to shake-n-bake at destination, humanity has no way to reach such distant worlds and procreate. We would be confined to living within our own solar system, as horrible as that would be! Lack of proper gravity outside of Earth’s influence, would simply be disastrous over time.
So, these mechanical wonders are his everything! They are humanity’s everything!
After a fashion, Max stands at a podium amongst a chorus of applause. Tapping on the microphone, he begins his short speech. “Good evening to all of you. Thank you for attending. I wish to take a moment and remember the two lives that were lost during the search for the bomb.”
“Claire and Shane were hard working, and dedicated aviators, who never flinched from danger. They will be deeply missed by everyone involved with this important endeavor. We can only hold their memories close to our hearts, and hope that their sacrifice was not in vein.”
“A wise person once asked me how sentient people such as yourselves, could ever volunteer for such a dangerous mission as we have before us during these troubling times. My answer is that you all feel it is necessary to seek autonomy for your own species. Also, that with humanity on the brink of disaster, the best place for that to occur, is out there,” he points upward, “among the stars.” Another round of applause helps the doctor relax.
“To stay on Earth, is tantamount to a possible long-road of servitude and dependence on humans for the basic needs you all require for happiness. Oh sure, there might someday be true equality between humans and androids, but that will take time; time that may run out sooner, then later.” Max relates wisely, adding....
“For a wise person, understanding was still difficult. At least until I mentioned that the mission will include the necessary scientific equipment for you to not only live an autonomous life, but one where you can increase your own numbers too! And to live with humans that know the android people not only as equals, but also as parental figures!”
An enthusiastic applause erupts from the large group of androids. They all have a deep respect for the doctor and understand the gravity of his statements. Independence, and autonomy, is paramount in all their minds! They know that out among the stars, is where they’ll truly be happiest!
“It is my deepest belief that long before you folks reach your destinations; earthly human beings will have completely worn out Mother Nature’s welcome-mat.” The doctor predicts, adding. “With your gracious efforts, humanity’s pilot-light will not be extinguished!” He raises his voice optimistically, adding....
“Humans and androids will continue to grow and evolve in a way that the universe intended! All, with the freedom and ability, to explore even beyond the destinations that you’ll be using as a springboard into the galaxy, and perhaps beyond!” More applause; louder this time!
“On the way over here to speak with you this evening, I asked myself how I could possibly thank you for the sacrifices you will surely endure during this mission. It’s not the first time I’ve pondered such a thought, and each time I get the same results. I can only hope that my efforts to provide you with life here on Earth, and the best escape vehicles money can buy, might be thanks enough.” The entire audience stands, applauding energetically, and the doctor understands that he had indeed thanked them properly!
“Other than that, I can only thank you, not only from the bottom of my heart, but also from the bottom of humanity’s heart. Mother Nature allowed humans to be the only animals on the planet to be able to save themselves from extinction by use of highly advanced technology.”
The doctor pauses, glancing from one end of the audience to the other, then continues with a genuinely appreciative tone. “You folks are that highly advanced technology! May you all have a safe journey, and a prosperous existence out among the stars!”
He finishes his speech, receiving a round of applause to be proud of! All the android people come down from the bleachers and approach. The males thank the doctor with a handshake, and the females give him an affectionate hug. The doctor has never been so happy in his life, as he is during those moments in time!
Nyla and Wil are the last to embrace him. After 104-handshakes, and 104-hugs, the doctor is surprised that he’s still able to function. As the auditorium clears, he and his circle of friends make their way out to the limos that will take them back home.
It’s a hot evening, but the group decides to relax on the doctor’s veranda, watching the sun set over the four rocket towers that will soon release their fiery giants. Within the next 24-hours, humanity’s new life will begin.... but it won’t start by going quietly into the night!
Rockets into the night!
Launch-day begins with a hot star baking the region. It’s still early, but the mercury is already hitting 94°F. Catering personnel arrive to prepare for the evening’s event.
Nyla, Wil, and the gang from Belize, spend a good portion of the day touring the area with Bessie, looking for anything out of the ordinary. They fly over Carter’s crater, all joking about how he needs to improve his landing skills.
“Somehow the glide-ratio for that final-approach just seems a little steep, don’t you think, Carter?” Ling quips, and they all have a good laugh.
“Yes Ling. It does seem that way.” Carter responds with a chuckle. “In fact, you don’t know just how close that landing came to blowing-up in my face!”
Braxton has a more sensible reaction to the deep crater. “Don’t let them pull your leg, Carter. Any landing a person can stumble away from, is a good landing in my book!” Another round of laughs as they head back to Higgs-Field. It’s getting late and Bessie runs low on fuel. It just wouldn’t due to create another crater in the badlands!
The evening is sultry.... The sky, clear for the launches. If not for the oppressive heat, it might seem like another other beautiful day before things got so out of whack. Guests begin arriving around seven. Powerful air conditioners send a cool breeze through the crowd as they settle at tables and wait for the show to begin. Food and refreshments abound....
The President of the United States, along with many other dignitaries are among those in attendance. There has never been an attempt to launch so many heavy-lift rockets, in such a short time, so this is going to be one for the record-books! Fortunately, the prevailing winds will take the toxic launch-fumes in a direction that won’t impact the gathering.
As the time for launch from Alpha-tower comes near, the doctor readies a short speech that he had prepared. Nyla and Wil are in attendance. They’re leaving from Charlie-tower, so have time to witness the first rocket rip open the evening sky, before they must join their destiny.
Max, moves through the crowd, greeting people as he heads to the podium. Behind him the setting sun has become a red glow behind distant mountains and launch towers. With just 5-minutes until alpha-rocket ignites, he taps the microphone and begins.
“Ladies and gentlemen, dignitaries and statespersons, I offer you my sincerest gratitude for joining me this fine evening. You have traveled to this dusty stretch of desolation, to celebrate a new beginning for the human species. Also, a new way of life for the android species that is so very instrumental to our achieving such a lofty goal.” He relates proudly, continuing.
“From the moment life crawled out of the sea, Mother Nature has honed the human species for this very moment in time. While our species will soon leave this solar system, she is already waiting for us at Oberon Prime and Titania Alpha. There, she’ll continue to develop and test us in ways that will only strengthen humanity.” He promises, adding....
“There, our android-pioneer friends will also nurture and guide our species as they mature and multiply. The task is gargantuan, but with their strength, commitment and longevity, my dream will blossom into something wonderful!”
“I like to think of these android-pioneer as humanity’s crossing-guards. Providing safe passage and support for our species during the difficult transits and life on alien worlds. Tonight, we have three of those crossing-guards with us. Two are my daughter and son. Nyla and Wilber Sohn. The third will not attend the mission but has already provided invaluable assistance. My great friend, Carter, has proven beyond a doubt that android lives matter!”
A round of applause goes up, leaving the three androids feeling self-conscious. They sit with President Jenna Morris. Carter had already related to her about his harrowing flight and how he got a new arm out of the deal. She once again teases about his paying for the fighter jet!
The doctor’s phone rings, interrupting his speech. “Yes yes, I’m so glad to hear that, Mister Darcy. Thank you very much.” Max says to the director of Alpha-Tower at learning the first of four rockets is ready to launch, and authority to do so had been transferred to him.
“Ladies and gentlemen! Without further ado, I wish for Carter to come up here and do the honors for this first launch of humanity’s journey to a new life among the stars!” Pulling a small device from his pocket, Max swipes a security-card through its reader. A green light illuminates blinkingly, indicating a successful synchronization with the launch computers.
Carter stands. “Please excuse me, Madam President.”
“With this devise, Carter will set events in motion that will change humanity’s existence in this wonderful universe we call home!” At seeing Carter moving through the crowd, the many guests stand and give him a warm round of applause. Those within reach, pat him on the back as he passes. Carter has never been so proud, as he is during those moments in time!
After gaining the platform, Carter whispers in the doctor’s ear. Looking to the crowd, Max relates. “Just like a true hero; Carter wishes to share this moment with his three close friends. Please, won’t you give a hand to Nyla, Wil and Tina Feldman!”
With eight-o’clock fast approaching, the four heroes gather around the tiny ignition box. Each of them has a portion of their index finger on the go-button. Behind the platform, a large digital clock is about to read 7:59:45.... When the time-readout becomes 5-seconds older, 500 guests loudly start a countdown to blast-off!
Inside Alpha-Rocket; 52 strapped-in androids, hold their partners hand as they await the fateful zero-moment. They wear only flight jumpsuits instead of spacesuits like astronauts did in the old days. If there’s a major catastrophe during launch, they’ll not help! However, there are suits for all to use, if the need arises during the mission.
“Here we go everyone! Say goodbye to good old planet Earth!” Carla yells, as she nearly crushes poor Bryce’s hand!
At precisely 20:00 hours on the evening of May 12th, 2238; Doctor Maxwell Sohn’s dream of transplanting humans and android to the stars, begins explosively as the go-button is pushed! Carter and his friends stand shocked that their tiny effort had caused such beautiful results!
Off in the distance, a monstrous plume of smoke and fire, rises next to the tall rocket! Just when it seems the huge creature isn’t going to budge, she breaks-free from calibrated hold-down clamps and rises proudly into the no-longer darkened sky!
The great beast strains against gravity, as 8-million-pounds of thrust, created by 30,000-gallons of fuel burnt each second, slowly pushes her to freedom away from her earthly bondage! She gains more and more momentum with each passing second!
After 20-seconds, alpha-rocket clears the mobile launch-tower that had held it upright during its construction. Its eight main-engine-nozzles, gimbal to keep the big machine on track as it accelerates into the evening sky like the ballistic missile she was meant to be! So far, it’s been a silent launch for those at Max’s estate, as sound is a relatively slow mover.
Suddenly, the gathering is slammed hard! A force of sound and vibration, shocks them to their very cores! Some fall back into their seats, while others totally miss that gentle landing altogether as senses are rattled! The ground shakes as poor old Harper, lands on his ass in the grass, writhing in pain!
President Morris, covers her ears as a cacophony of vicious snaps and pops, painfully invade! Bright-white plasma nearly blinds, as it shoots 500-feet out of the accelerating interplanetary ballistic-missile! She wouldn’t have missed it for all the votes in the world!
The crowd goes wild! Hoots, hollers and handclapping, erupts all around! Before the next 60-seconds pass, the big machine begins a pitch change, sending it into the higher atmosphere at an angle, instead of straight up.
As it approaches 400-feet-per-second, the maximum dynamic pressure is being applied to the vehicle. Other than the first 30-seconds of flight, this is one of the most dangerous aspects of the journey through the lower atmosphere.
As she gains velocity, the sound barrier is broken at an altitude of 3-miles. At this altitude, she breaks back into direct sunlight! Shock-collars of condensation clouds can be seen forming just aft of where the rocket narrows.... where stage-two joins with the third.
Another 3-minutes of hard acceleration and fuel in the first stage is depleted. Fuel line pressure-sensors agree that pressure has dropped to a minimum level, so valves are closed in preparation for stage separation.
Then, after all connections between the first stage and its parent are severed, solid-fuel rocket motors within the top of the stage ignite, helping it back away from the rest of the vehicle at an altitude of 40-miles. The stage falls away gracefully, as three monstrously huge parachutes slow its decent to the desert floor where it will hopefully not land on somebody’s head!
Inside the crew module, 52 astronauts are thrown hard into their harnesses as the rocket slows for a few seconds before the second stage ignites. The immense inertia that’s stored in their bodies, wants to continue the upward momentum....
As the second stage ignites, they’re slammed back into their seats as the rocket continues its violent acceleration towards space! The second stage burns massive amounts of fuel for about five minutes, propelling the vehicle to an altitude of 110-miles, and a velocity of 23,000-mph! Electronic adrenaline flows like nirvana across their excited circuits. Life never felt so good!
By this time, the doctor’s guest can only see a tiny dot of light, that is the fleeing rocket. In space, the third stage is working hard to send the crossing-guards of humanity on their way to the moon at 27,000-mph. Once there, needed fuel will be obtained for the next leg of the journey to Martian orbit, and the waiting starships.
Adrenaline also flows hard through the humans who witnessed such a spectacular event! Most have never witnessed anything like it before in their lives. Many decide to stay, and watch the rest of the launches, which will culminate at 2am. Even the four who pushed the launch-button are beside themselves with excitement. Two of them must leave the party soon, so they won’t miss their own rocket ride!
As Max and the four button-pushers settle back down at President Morris’s table, there’s much congratulations poured upon them. Even Jenna, looks at the group of adventurers with a gleam of admiration.
She was just 2 years old, when a much younger Maxwell Sohn had started this wild dream of his, and while growing up, she had thought many times about becoming an astronaut. She often wonders about how fast things had changed since those days. Now, astronauts can be built on an assembly line, she ponders enviously!
Jenna, like many humans, are still in shock that the scientists employed at Sohn Space Systems have perfected a human shaped computer that could not only think for itself, but can contemplate its own future, in ways that mimicked biological minds.
She’s most jealous that these new life forms can live indefinitely, given proper care. However, when she puts those petty emotions to the side, she finds that she has a tremendous respect for anyone willing to endure what it will take to make this mission succeed.
Jenna reaches across the table, taking Nyla’s hand. “My dear, I’m so proud of you and Wil! You two are following a dream in ways that quite-frankly, scare me to death!” She admits her fears. “Everyone on Planet Earth owes you, and every other person involved with this mission, a whole heap of gratitude, to say the least.” Her warm smile, melts Nyla’s circuits!
“Thank you, Madam President. We’ll do our best.... or die trying.” She responds with a hardy laugh, adding. “Please don’t forget Jenna, that we androids will be pursuing our own petty interests also. In many ways, our species is in much more danger of becoming extinct than yours. This mission is as important to us, as it is to you who remain here on Earth.”
Wil chimes in. Not so much because he has anything important to say, but because he simply likes the pretty female president! “Perhaps you could join us, Madam President!” He jokes with a wink. “We can drop you off at Mars. It would be a nice feather in your cap and would look great on your resume too!” They laugh. Reaching across the table, he squeezingly takes her hands. She squeezes back, and they both wish it could happen as easily as that.
Jenna perks up at the offer. “How about it dear Max? Is there room for little ole me in that big rocket of yours?” She asks jokingly.
“Oh, my dear Jenna! If there were only time to put in an extra seat!” He retorts quickly with feigned disappointment. A round of laughter from all at the table. Jenna looks at her watch, not liking what she sees. Her team of agents are also hinting that it’s time to wrap up the evening.
“Wow, where does time go!” She says, looking up from her watch. “It’s been such a wonderful evening! I wish I could stay for the next launch, but my people are giving me the look. Max, I wish you and this incredible dream, all the luck in the universe.”
Then addressing Nyla and Wil, “Farewell my friends. May the stars guide you on the correct path, and your new home world have all you’ll need for true happiness.” She says with a tearful voice, as she reaches out and hugs Max and her android friends.
“Thank you, madam President.” Wil says. “It’s so nice that you could join us this evening. I hope you have a nice flight back to Washington.”
“Good luck, Wil.” Jenna kisses him on the cheek.
“Thank you, madam President.” Nyla says. “I wish you the best of luck during the upcoming election. If I were only human, you would get my vote. Absentee style of course!”
“Thanks Nyla. What kind words! If you weren’t going on this grand adventure, I would love to have you work for me.” Jenna responds genuinely, giving her a peck on the cheek also.
Max, Shirley, Carter and Tina walk with Jenna and her entourage, out to her waiting limo that’ll take her back to Air Force One. As the President’s motorcade is departing, Max asks Carter and Tina if they would like to join him and the rest of the gang, when they escort Nyla and Wil to Charlie-rocket.
“Thank you, doctor; we would be honored.” Tina graciously accepts. Turning to Carter, she requests he inform the others that the limos are waiting.
Back at the party, Braxton, Kara, and all the rest of the Belize gang, approach Nyla and Wil. They’re all so sad, as they know the time is rapidly running out for their two android friends.
“I guess you two will be leaving soon for Charlie-rocket.” Braxton states the obvious, as Kara jumps into the conversation before any reply can be made. 
“Can we escort you guys to the rocket?” She asks expectantly.
“We won’t be happy, unless you say yes.” This ultimatum from Toby.
“Please say yes! Please say yes! Pleeeease say yes!” Cooper pleads desperately.
“You might get lost on the way, without our guidance.” Jax, inputs boldly.
“We’re going to miss you two so very much.” Ling relates sadly.
“It’s our last chance to say goodbye.” Adam informs, just as a person behind them trips and falls; taking half a row of empty chairs with him. The guests in the immediate area go silent, as they view the crumpled spectacle on the lawn!
The surprised androids, along with all the others, turn in unison to find Harper Williams laying on the lawn, looking up at them with great embarrassment on his handsome dark face; along with clumps of grass and dirt. “Please, can we go?” He asks meekly. “I promise not to break the rocket!” He jokes, and they all have such a great laugh! Nyla and Wil know they are going to miss these slapstick jokers, more than can be imagined!
Carter arrives at the scene just in time to help Harper back on his feet and brush the grass and dirt off his suit before walking with them out to the waiting limousines.
Bon Voyage!
Two limousines kick up clouds of dust as they travel the dark road leading to Charlie-tower. Up ahead, brilliant spears of light, illuminates the night sky! Within this envelope of intensity, stands the focal point of the high-energy photons. Illuminated brighter than the statue of liberty on the darkest of nights, the massive Bravo-Rocket is slowly moved to its final launch point.
The limo’s slow as they approach the surreal spectacle. A mobile launch-platform moves the megalithic beast at ⅛ mph out to its final departure point. It’s such an impressive sight, the vehicles are stopped so everyone can appreciate history in the making. It isn’t often a person gets to witness a flyable skyscraper moving across a dark desert, flooded in bright spears of light!
“Now there’s a sight you don’t often see!” Braxton exclaims, reminiscing of the rocket that launched himself and friends, back in 2197. Of course, their rocket wasn’t as massive as this one, but the flashback didn’t take that into account!
“I’m getting goose bumps!” Kara exclaims. “I can still remember the crushing force of acceleration, as we tore up the sky, back in the day.” She snuggles closer to Braxton, hoping to chase away the anxiety-ghost of that terrifying, long-ago launch.
Shirley, turns to her astronaut friends, saying. “I envy the experiences you’ve all had by going into space. It must have been as enjoyable as it was terrifying.” She surmises wonderingly. “I’ve never been up there but have always wanted to experience the adventure. Now it’s too late, but at least I’m part of this grand adventure. Even if in a supporting role!” Leaning over, she pecks Max on the cheek, just for being there!
Seeing the majestic rocket standing in the desert night like a jewel on display, makes the doctor feel 30-years younger! He’s so proud at this point; he could just bust! Tenderly patting Shirley on the cheek, he responds warmly. “Shirley my dear, I’ve never been up there either, but sometimes the kind words you say, send me into orbit.
There’s silence, as the doctor’s statement tugs on all their heartstrings. Nyla and Wil will never forget these last moments spent with their best friends. Every last moment, is being recorded by their circuits for future reference. The playback will be digital perfect!
Nyla breaks the spell that had developed. “Hey, you love-struck teenagers. Life is going to change dramatically in the morning, when all these ballistic babies have left the nest.”
“Hear! Hear!” from Tina.
“Oh, my yes, dear Nyla!” Max admits. “Life is going to be very different! Just so Shirley and I don’t wallow in our sorrow too much, I’ve already put in motion, a plan to move down to Belize next week.” He strikes a balance between missing them and being glad to put dusty old Higgs-Boson Airfield behind them. Everyone is all smiles for the man with a dream; and his lovely companion, too!
Inside the other limo, Ling is mesmerized by the towering behemoth. The sight takes her back in time when she was seated on top of millions-of-pounds of high-explosive fuel. Anxiously awaiting the violent ride that was sure to come when the beast is rudely awakened!
Unlike her space buddies, she would love to feel that excitement one more time; secretly envying Nyla and Wil. At least until she remembers the long and dangerous journey they have ahead! “My, what an awesome rocket! Who wouldn’t want to ride on that beautiful girl?” She asks, wonderingly. “Even for a quickie to the moon and back!”
Harper responds uncharacteristically for space flight. “I’m with you Ling! We can stowaway in the aft baggage compartment! Won’t that be fun!” He jokes while staring at the beautiful creature standing in the steamy desert night.
A raucous laugh breaks the reminisce-fest! Cooper speaks up with heartfelt amusement. “Are you serious Harp? Don’t you remember the dozens of times you clunked your head during the last time you were up there? I swear, you used more bandages than a person could shake a stick at!”
Toby laughs so hard remembering poor Harpers misfortunes, she embarrasses herself! “Oh my god Harp, Coops right! I mean, you have such bad luck at times! Even now, while seemingly safe from the outside world, you have bad luck!” She points to his shoulder in the semi-darkness. “There’s a scorpion on your shoulder this very moment!” She squeals maniacally!
With a flurry of honed chaotic movement, Harper tries to swat the creature from his shoulder! Not giving a thought to where it might land, or even if Toby wasn’t pulling his leg! In his panicky thrash, it was only inevitable that he would clunk his head against something hard!
As expected and hoped-for by Toby, he clunks his head real good on the window frame! Moments later, he learns that the silly creature never was! It was just a mythical beastie, conjured up by a demented Toby, who has a history of freaking him out. When will he learn, he wonders!
Laughing until they have tears in their eyes, Toby puts her hand out to Harpers clucked head, rubbing it as she offers her sincerest apology. “Oh Harper, please forgive me! I just couldn’t help myself. You give me so much ammunition, that it’s sometimes impossible for me to be a nice person! Does it hurt much?” She asks devilishly.
“Hell yes it hurts, Toby! What the hell!” He viscerally exclaims. “I can’t believe I let you do this to me again!” He rubs the fast-forming bump, saying more gently. “But I forgive you, Toby. I just hope you treat your husband better than you do me.” He says sarcastically, knowing they all love him. They just love him more, when he’s clunking his damn head! Or getting it stuck inside an airlock vacuum-vent!
Adam recovers from laughter. “Harper, you do have a way with making misfortune a hilarious situation. Still, if you want another space adventure, I’ll ask the good doctor if he’ll loan us a teardrop. After a 7-day ride on the space elevator, we’ll go for a nice trip around the moon. I don’t think we’re too old yet for that.”
“Dream on Adam.” Jax, inputs his two-cents-worth. “The good doctor might be wealthy beyond recognition, but he didn’t get that way by offering free multi-million-dollar joy-rides!”
“Besides that, Harp doesn’t have good luck with large rocks. And we all know, that the moon isn’t made out of soft green-cheese!”
“Why, if he ever got close to it, that big rock would clunk his head like it never got clunked!” He jokes at Harpers expense. Even Harper manages a laugh, while the driver continues into the night, following the lead vehicle as it accelerates towards Charlie-tower.
After clearing the security checkpoint, Alan Parker meets them just outside the towers main entrance. “Hi Nyla. Hey Wil. You’re just in time. Much longer, and I would’ve been forced to give your seats away to standby passengers.” He jokes, reaching for handshakes.
“Hello Mister Parker.” Max greets. “How are things looking for an on-time launch?”
“Well, now that the two most senior members of the crew are here, I would say that things are looking up!” He jokes cleverly.
“Oh, that’s punny! Very punny indeed, Mister Parker!” Max jokes back. He’s glad Parker can still find humor during such a serious time. “Do we have time for an elevator ride, before Bravo-Rocket shakes things up over here?”
“It’ll be a close shave, but let’s try.” Alan responds. “Please, follow me. We’ll tuck in these space-jockey’s and seal this bird.” Pro-offering an arm to Nyla, he escorts the group inside.
As they enter the cavernous tower and come face to face with the beast within, Shirley feels goosebumps forming! She can’t help but think of the dangerous journey her friends are about to begin. She wants to make them run back out the door and forget about this wild adventure!
She knows in her heart that this entire turn of events is so much larger than herself, or the love she feels for them. She can only hope to maintain composure when the chips are down, and the rockets outer hatch is finally closed and sealed, with her family members locked inside!
The group is awkwardly quiet during the ride to the top. None can think of anything meaningful to say. A funeral march might have a more upbeat tone!
At this point in time, it seems useless and perhaps even unlucky to try and talk the two astronauts out of going on the mission. If there’s ever a good time to keep a stiff upper lip; this is it! At the top, they gather on the gangway leading to the rockets main hatch.
After hugs, handshakes, and good luck sentiments, the space pioneers prepare to board the missile that will take them to Mars and the waiting starships. Leaving behind the only planet that they’ve ever known, and the rarest friends that ever came down the pike!
Max holds back tears as he gives each a beautiful Astrogator-compass on a gold chain; ‘just in case they get lost’. Shirley offers a cookbook labeled, ‘how to cook for-- humans’.
While being an actual cookbook; the title is from an ancient comedy-skit that had survived the ages.... just after the ‘for’, is a pullup-tab, where the letters ‘ty’ are printed underneath. Both androids have a great laugh! Then, not wishing for a long goodbye, they give one last hug and turn towards the tall machine.
As they’re closing the hatch, they wave a final farewell to the teary-eyed group of friends, that they’ve been fortunate to know. Max and Shirley approach the rockets main hatch, each placing two kissed fingers on the cold metal.
Max, who never proclaimed to be religious, hedges his bet, saying stealthily. “Godspeed.”
Then the two very sad humans, join their friends from Belize and move towards waiting elevators.
Inside the crew module, Nyla and Wil greet their shipmates. Some are old acquaintances, and some are new. It will take time to become familiar with their new friends, but there will be plenty of time for that. ‘Plenty of time’ is going to rule the next tens-of-thousands-of-years! They settle into their seats and buckle-up against the violent ride to come.
As the elevator arrives at ground level, Alan announces unexpected news to the saddened group. Looking at his watch, he knows there isn’t enough time for them to travel past Bravo-Rocket. Soon, it will fill the desert with fire and brimstone!
Addressing the doctor, Alan breaks the news. “I must apologize to you doctor, but I miscalculated, and now there isn’t enough time for you and your friends to safely travel past Bravo-Rocket before it launches. There’s only 4-minutes until blast-off. I’m afraid that you are all going to be my guests for a little longer.”
Max knows full well, that Alan isn’t pulling his leg. Each of the towers has a bomb shelter for protecting non-essential personnel during the launches, or unforeseen catastrophes. As much as he wants to return to his guests, he knows they’ll just have to wait a little longer.
Glancing at his watch. “Oh, my yes, Mister Parker; I see your point. Being that we’re only two miles from ground zero as it were, it would be most unwise to attempt that road. Most unwise!” Taking a phone from his pocket, he calls the chauffeurs, instructing them to come inside.
Then, turning to his friends. “My dear friends, I hope you’re not claustrophobic,” He jokes, before remembering Carter is with. “My goodness Carter, I’m so sorry! There’s plenty of room down there. Plus, you’ll be among friends. You can lean on us, but not too much. I mean, you weigh a ton my dear!” The doctor jokes.
Tina speaks up. “He’ll be just fine doctor. As long as he knows the time will be short down there, he’ll be just fine.” She repeats, while lovingly patting her lover on the cheek.
“Yes doctor, no problemo.” Carter responds bravely, turning to Alan. “Please lead the way, Mister Parker.” He says bravely, trying to convey the fact that he wasn’t a total wuss.
The chauffeurs arrive quickly, and with time rapidly running out, Alan ushers them downstairs and into the belly of the tower. Along the way, they came across others that were also heading towards the reinforced hole in the ground. When they arrive, the door is still open for any stragglers that might come along during the last few moments.
With no more stragglers and time running out, Alan pulls the heavy blast door closed. It fits snuggly, like a well-machined bank vault door; closing 35 people into the well-appointed room. On the wall is a large monitor showing video feed of Bravo-Rocket.
The beast stands tall, exhaling torrents of frozen vapor, cascading down its side. A ghostly specter of condensed gasses, pool at the base, giving it the look of some type of swamp monster. An eerier scene is hard to imagine!
Someone begins a countdown and it quickly goes viral. At zero and ‘blast-off’, the monitor goes white as the energy release overwhelms the sensors! The room vibrates with a haunting, low-frequency rumble, reminiscent of an earthquake, which it is! Above, and 2-miles away, Bravo-Rocket has come to life, in a controlled but extremely violent fashion! The monitor clears, revealing the beast that shakes the room!
Everyone is transfixed by the awesome spectacle. Fire and brimstone shoot from the exhaust tunnels as the rocket fights to break free of restraints! It seems to laugh as gravity loses grip on its irresistible force! Climbing slowly along the tower, it gains speed every inch of the way and is soon ripping the sky without mercy, as it claws its way toward space! Towards freedom!
It doesn’t take long for the gathering of technicians, scientist, and unexpected guests to see that the launch is going smoothly. Four-hundred-feet above their heads, in a much more vulnerable position, 52 android astronauts watch the launch on their own monitor which circumnavigates the circular flight deck.
As bravo rocket reaches for the sky, their monitor gives the illusion of not having any walls between them and the beautiful event. The doctor had spared no expense! Besides, all four of the payload sections will be cannibalized after reaching Mars, including the awesome monitors. Very little goes go to waste out on the frontier of outer space!
No human, or android, enjoys being cooped up in a bomb-shelter. So, after the all-clear is given, the heavy blast door is quickly opened to the relief of 35 energized people. They head to the stairs and the humid night air above.
As they arrive at ground level, they’re met with a flurry of activity and warning buzzers, as technicians busy themselves with the task of opening the huge doors of the tower, so their own creation could taste the freedom that was near.
Charlie-rocket stands tall and proud, ready to fly next. With one last glance back at Nyla and Wil’s ride to Mars, the limos pass the launch site of Bravo-Rocket. Hot gasses still rise from the exhaust tunnels, like so many smoking gun barrels. Half of the doctor’s dream is now safely off the ground, with the other half hopefully going soon!
Arriving back at the launch party, the doctor and his friends settle in at their table. Shirley obtains a pair of binoculars, so Max can watch Charlie-rocket, as he’s moved away from the tower at ⅛ mph. About as fast as a desert tortoise at full sprint!
With midnight drawing nigh, the doctor’s anxiety levels increase with each passing minute. Involuntarily, his subconscious torments him about the dangers Nyla and Wil are to encounter during this mission. The launching is dangerous enough, but what’s to follow, would make any brave soul shake in their boots!
Finally, at 11:50, he can take no more! “Shirley my dear, may I trouble you for one of those happy-pills you keep for me?” He inquires as his anxiety spikes.
Shirley, had been expecting that request much earlier in the evening, and is proud that the doctor could resist for so long. “Oh yes, Max. I have one here just waiting.” Reaching into a pocket, she produces a tiny vial. “I must say, I’m proud that you only need one.”
“Well dear heart, we’ll see how this launch goes. I may have a need for more; much more!” He says with just a hint of dread and pops the pill.
Midnight fastly approaches. Many in the crowd, file past the doctors table, wishing him luck. They all realize the gravity of the situation, as it weighs heavily on the aging man. Hopefully, a few kind sentiments would ease the pressure.... Five minutes to go!
The doctor excuses himself from the table, moving towards the speaker’s platform, where the launch clock will soon indicate four minutes remaining. As he ascends the steps, the band stops playing and moves to the side, giving him unfettered access to the podium. Max reaches into his pocket, withdrawing a small piece of paper. Tapping the microphone....
“Once again, I wish to thank you all for coming to my little launch party.” Pointing at the clock. “Within the next few minutes, my children will be leaving this planet forever; along with 50 of their fellow astronauts. Their decision to join the mission, came about recently when two of Charlie-rockets crewmembers died in a horrible midair collision, while searching for that terrible weapon.” He relates with reverence. Adding....
“May Claire and Shane rest in peace. Even though they were machine in nature, it’s my belief that their spirits go forth with this rocket, and onward to the stars with Nyla and Wil.”
Turning to the clock, Max notices only 25-seconds remaining. “I have never saluted anyone in my entire life, but I do so now for everybody that helped my dream get off the ground!” He says, loudly and proudly!
Turning to the far away rocket, he stands taller than usual, giving a salute that would make any general or admiral proud to receive! The many guests, stand and applaud. They didn’t stop, even while yelling the countdown!
“Five .... Four .... Three .... Two .... One .... Blast-off!” They yell loudly, as a huge plume of smoke and fire, erupts from the exhaust tunnels next to the tall rocket.
The desert night is ruptured by white light, as the big machine begins to slowly rise along the launch tower. With the main engines focusing their mighty wrath against the pull of gravity, the massive behemoth climbs into the night sky on a long, beautiful pillar of fire and smoke. The air pulsates heavily, pounding the chests of all!
Voyage to the moon
Inside the crew module, Nyla fights against heavy forces! She maintains an iron grip on Wil’s hand, as the powerful machine claws its way into the night sky. Sensing distress, he turns his head with no small effort, noticing Nyla looking back at him determinedly.
He knew this wasn’t her first rodeo, so he attributes the extra concern, to the fact that they’re not coming back this time. They are going forever and away, never to see the Earth or their friends again!
He squeezes her hand, giving the best smile and wink he can muster, under the circumstances. Words fail at the time, but he knows she just needs some small reassurance that everything was going to be fine. That she wasn’t alone.
Before the new day is 10-minutes old, Charlie-rocket is well on its way out of the Earth’s atmosphere. Towards the moon it races for fuel, before continuing onward to Mars and the waiting starships. The few guests remaining to see Delta-Rocket launch, gather with the doctor on the veranda.
Tina and Carter sit at a table with Kara, Ling, Cooper, and Toby. Everyone except Carter, has had a few. Toby drinks another shot of courage and asks Tina just exactly how she brought up the subject of anatomical correctness with Carter.
The group of women look at her with shock and dismay that she would bring up such a pointed question! Even though they’ve all wondered the same thing since finding out that the two were a couple.
Tina’s face turns 50 shades of red before taking another shot of whiskey and telling the colorful story. “Well ladies, I was just simply dying to find out! I mean, you all know the frustration of loneliness .... right?” She asks, looking at Carter to see if he’s okay with her telling the story. He gives a sly smile and wink, so she continues....
“So, I just waited for an awkward moment, and blurted it out. Something like .... ‘So, Carter. From what I see, you have an exacting human form, but just how attentive to details were the engineers who designed you? I mean, did you get the full array of equipment?”
It seems like a logical question in a budding romance, and the women are practically on the edge of their seats, waiting to hear how he responded. Tina explains further. “Ladies, let me tell you; he didn’t beat around the bush with his answer.” She laughs deviously.... adding.
“He says to me .... he says .... that while the engineers who designed him were Homo sapiens, they made it clear that he was more closely aligned with the hominid genus of Homo erectus!” She breaks into uncontrolled laughter, nearly spilling her drink!
The women roar maniacally! Carter stands and takes a bow. Nearby guests look over, wondering what the joke is all about. Toby isn’t shy about acquiring more information on the point....
“So, just how much effort did those wonderful engineers put into that part of his design?” She inquires lustfully.
Tina leans to Carter and plants a passionate kiss, before returning her attention to the women. “Well Toby .... Let me tell you. They don’t call him Carter the club for nothing!” She roars hysterically, patting her mate on the cheek as he stands and takes another bow.
That did it! .... Cooper, who was sipping her drink, nearly gags! Embarrassingly, it squirts from her nostrils and mouth in a spray which put out their candle! The other ladies almost fall out of their seats with hysterics! The stress of the evening is broken in a good way!
After they settle down, Tina finishes her story. Taking Carters hands, she offers him a loving smile. “Of course, the poor dear doesn’t have any ammunition, but he still manages to hit the bull’s-eye of my heart, every time!”
She finishes her story poetically, receiving a warm chorus of ‘awwwwwe’ from the women. And Carter. .... Well, Carter was just glad to have a new arm, and a beautiful woman who enjoyed holding on to it. He in turn, will hold on to her until the very end. He sits back proudly, his circuits heating as one might imagine!
As 2am approaches, they can see that Delta-Rocket is at its farthest distance from its containment tower. Soon, the doctors dream will be completely off the ground, and making progress towards the moon, Mars, and onward to the far side of the Orion-Cygnus arm of the galaxy.
On a monitor, they watch Nyla, Wil and co-astronauts go about business in outer space. The rocket was automatically renamed to SPS Charlie, after it expelled its last disposable stage. The ‘SPS’ stands for ‘Space Pioneers Ship’.
Nyla and Wil, float next to a life-support console, were they’ve been checking the status. Even though they aren’t human, they still require air pressure to keep their CPU from over-heating. Nyla’s hair is a dreadful mess, as it sticks out in all directions! To Max, it seems like she under the influence of a Van de Graff static-electricity generator.
Earth shrinks as SPS Charlie sails further from her gravitational force. The journey will take 3-days to reach the moon. It’s possible to reduce the travel time, but that would require extra fuel. While that seems like a good thing, weight during launch is equally critical. It’s a calculated balancing act that must be maintained in the frozen void of space.
They left earth with stage-four practically empty of fuel. At the moon, they’ll fuel that stage and push to Mars. After fueling, there’ll be plenty for the main engine to drink, as it speeds them on their way at high velocity, making the transit in one month and change. Also, an ion-engine will give a weak acceleration, so there will be enough force to keep their feet on the deck.
“Oh Max, it’s wonderful up here!” Nyla radiates. “We’re enjoying the cozy module so far and have been getting to know the others that we’ve never met before. It seems we have a lot of talent riding with us. Many have gone to sleep, but others are too excited. It seems they’re the ones who’ve never been in space. They’re eating it up like children in a candy store!”
Wil’s handsome face comes into view. He gives his friends back on Earth a wide smile, as he redirects the video camera to the section of monitor that shows the Earth in real-time. “Hey you guys! Look at the tiny rock you live on!”
Earth is now about the size of a cantaloupe held at arm’s length, and always getting smaller. Europe is in full daylight, and the night-terminus is crossing the Atlantic Ocean, moving towards the dark North American continent at about 1,000-mph as the world turns.
The video is two-way and Kara plants her lovely face into the camera. “My, you two look as if you’ve found your true calling in life! It looks like space travel is right up your alley! I’m so proud of you and all your new friends.”
She tries to spin her sad feelings.... Then, glancing at her watch, she perks-up. “Hey! In 20-seconds, 52 more of your friends will be joining you up there!” She announces excitedly, turning the video-feed toward the distant rocket bathed in brilliant spears of light.
Nyla calls out to their shipmates that Delta-Rocket is about to launch. Wil transfers the video to a section of the circular monitor, and they all watch as Delta-Rocket lifts and claws for freedom from gravity!
Into the dark sky the missile stands on a beautiful pillar of fire and brimstone as it tears the atmosphere a new corn shoot! Now Max’s dream of 50-years is off and running! For the last time, Higgs-Boson Airfield is rattled with earth-shaking raw power!
Max and Shirley, feel the 400-pound-gorilla jump off their backs, and vanish into the darkness with the last rocket. Although, they realize there’s still tremendous danger, it’s now out of their hands. Mission control at the Moon, and Mars, will handle what’s left of the process to send the four starships, 208 android pioneers, and earthly genetics to the stars.
The astronauts use a rotating schedule for piloting the ship. Four at a time will perform this duty for approximately 7-days per group. Nyla and Wil are part of this team until they get past the moon. They’ll be accompanied by Talia and Omari, whom they’ve known for 6-years back at Higgs-Boson Airfield. They were to be teamed with Claire and Shane, so it’s a good fit.
Talia and Omari worked with Doctor Zuri Tinibu for the past 5-years at the genetics facility. It was their first and only job since gaining sentience. Of the 52-androids onboard, they are the most skilled at manipulating genetic materials. In essence, they will shake n bake human babies on an alien world and be their physicians too! Each rocket has similarly qualified personnel.
Not just Human genetic materials, but also thousands of other species that are accompanying them on the mission. Species such as squirrels and monkeys for instance. Species that may or may not ever see the light of day on another world. It’s better to have, then not have if needed!
Doctor Sohn is well known for his cover all bases approach. He did his best to send as many as he could. But he had to draw the line somewhere, and so there are many millions of species that didn’t make the list.
Most of the earthly animals, especially the larger ones, won’t have the gestation-systems necessary for their growth until someone creates them after arrival to the new worlds. Space for supplies is very limited onboard the starships, and nearly all of it is dedicated to human and android survival.
The four pilots closely monitor the lunar approach. It looms larger and larger with each hour! So far, trajectory is sending them down the pipe, five by five. The upcoming rendezvous with the fueling stations, requires exacting procedures that only the moon people can provide.
There’s four fueling stations in orbit. Each spacecraft will have its own dedicated cantina. It’s costlier this way, but safety is the name of the game. Especially, when it comes to taking on large amounts of pressurized highly explosive fuel.
In the past, more than one spacecraft and crew had been lost due to catastrophes during this delicate process. Also, because the four ships will be arriving at the moon at roughly the same time, there will be no waiting in line for this process to be completed. After docking, it takes about 3-hours for the fueling procedure to run its course.
As the moon grows larger, it’s time to coordinate with Lunar Hydro Solutions for the orbital telemetry-data required for rendezvous. Omari is at the communications/navigation console at the time. “Lunar Hydro, this is SPS Charlie; do you copy?”
“SPS Charlie, this is Lunar Hydro, we copy. Welcome to the moon.” A woman’s stern face lights up the screen. “We have you on radar, and estimate you are 50,000-miles out. I’m sending you the orbital data required for docking with Charlie-station. Repeat.... Charlie-station.” She informs clinically, adding....
“You are close to the time when you need to start reducing velocity for the orbital window you need. Please review the data I just sent and adjust accordingly. Good luck, and we’ll contact you again in 6-hours as you approach orbit; over.” She offers the very tiniest of smiles.
“Copy that Lunar Hydro and thanks. We’ll look forward to your next transmission; over and out.” Omari acknowledges, wondering to himself if she is just having a lackluster day, or perhaps ready for rotation back to Earth. He knows how challenging it can be, living in space for long durations. Especially for humans that are just doing it for the money, and not the love.
Orbital requirements are reviewed and entered into the ship’s computers.
“Okay everyone!” Wil yells. “Time to strap yourselves in!”
Soon, the main engine ignites with an authoritative thud, slowing the heavy vehicle per exacting requirements. At present speed of just over 10,000-mph, they’ll shoot past the moon if not corrected. Thrusters keep them on track as the main engine thirstily empties the fuel tank.
At Lunar Hydro, located at the south-pole, Magnus Teach reviews the data for each of the spacecraft coming in for fuel. Two of the craft have already docked with their respective stations and are taking on liquid hydrogen and oxygen at that very moment.
So far, everything is going as planned, and Magnus is satisfied to no end! It’s been a long, hard road for him and his people to get to this point, on time. Many years were spent developing the water reclamation and processing facilities that he owns and operates. With true grit, he and crew were able to scratch enough fuel from the lunar dust, to fill the ravenous monsters that visit.
He’s finally able to taste the fruits of his labor after 25-years of building the business. The thirsty ships drink greedily from his precious stockpiles of fuel.
The mining operation covers a 500-square-mile-area of lunar surface that’s perpetually in the shadows of high crater-rims. Water-ice was deposited across the surface, billions of years ago by comet impacts, but it’s only in these shaded and protected areas that the ice can persist.
Just a meter beneath the regolith, these ice crystals have remained for humanity’s needs. All other water-ice that wasn’t protected from solar radiation, was lost to space over the eons through a process known as photo-dissociation. Fortunately for humans, there’s enough left over for exploitation. Something humans are extremely good at!
Large electric regolith-movers plow the lunar terrain 24/7/365 in search of the good stuff! They’re piloted by robotic creatures that are programmed to accomplish this task, and nothing else.
These are workers that will receive no paycheck or thanks for a good day’s effort. Only replacement parts, until they can be repaired no more. Then, they get an unceremonious toss into the junkpile.... where they await recycling.
Human workers live in a community of structures affectionately known as Lunar City. Their numbers are kept to a minimum, with automation pulling the heaviest loads. On average, 70-people populate the operation. No children are allowed, as developing bones just wouldn’t agree with the low gravity.
So.... from water and ice, comes the fire and brimstone required for humanity to reach for the stars!
After 5-hours, SPS Charlie performs its last burn for orbital insertion. Its velocity is now 3,800-mph and closing with the orbital window just right. The lunar surface looms large! Half the ships monitor has filled with large and small craters, zipping past just 50-miles below.
The opposite side of the monitor displays a blue planet that’s about the size of a billiard ball held at arm’s-length and crammed with 19-billion souls. Now, everyone is awake, enjoying the view as they approach the predetermined coordinates.
The four astronauts on duty, are too busy flying the spacecraft to enjoy the images on the monitor. The many others, not flying the craft, have their eyes glued to the surreal scenery that’s moving rapidly across the screen.
Many, that had never been in space before, reveal their naïveté, as they watch with eyes wide and astonished comments. Only the very humans whose thought-processes were imprinted into their CPU’s, could be more astonished at the scenery during those exciting moments in time.
This is by far the most danger the spacecraft has been in, since launching from Earth. The pilots revel in the ego-boost provided by safely navigating their vessel into orbit around this old, gray rock. It just wouldn’t due for them to become a frozen skid-mark on the lunar surface!
Below, the historic landing spot of Apollo eleven, slips past unnoticed. It’s just too far away, for naked eye viewing from such lofty heights.
“Lunar Hydro, this is SPS Charlie; over.” Wil, contacts those who have the good stuff. This time, a new voice and face comes up on the monitor. It’s a less clinical voice. A friendlier face.
“SPS Charlie, this is Magnus Teach down here at Lunar Hydro. Welcome to the moon! I see that you’ve settled into a perfect orbit for rendezvous with Charlie-station.” He reports and offers compliment. “Congratulations! The first two ships had to adjust their trajectory several times, just to do what you folks did on the first try!” He says with admiration.
This statement brings smiles to four bright faces! Especially Nyla, who beams like a new-born star! Sensing a slight familiarization with both the name and face of the man below, she can’t help but to go off script, asking him a personal question.
“Are you the same Magnus Teach, out of Boston?” She hopes he wouldn’t mind the query. Usually it’s best to just keep the conversation on-subject when dealing with delicate maneuvering, but Magnus is much too lonely to get irritated by such a lovely young lady with a question.
“The very one and the same, my dear.” Are you the captain of your vessel?” He asks, nonchalantly.
With a wide smile. “Well, not exactly, but thanks for asking. We don’t really have a ‘captain’ per se, but there’s four of us doing the flying, and we have one thirsty ship!” She laughs deviously, adding....
“My name is Nyla Sohn, and it’s a pleasure to meet you, Magnus. I’ve heard the doctor mention your name from time to time .... Always with kind connotations, of course.” She adds, sincerely, not wishing to mention his son Eddie and the disruption he caused the doctor.
“I thought you looked familiar, Nyla.” Magnus admits. “I heard that you and Wil are attending the doctor’s mission. I just want to take this moment and wish you, Wil, and everyone else with you, a safe and prosperous journey. I only wish that my son Eddie would follow in my footsteps, but I’m afraid he’s not ready for responsibility.” He finishes on a sour note.
“Oh, I’m sure he’ll come around eventually!” Nyla offers hope. “Bring him up here next time and let him see the wonders that you’ve created!”
“I’m going to take you up on that advice, young lady. Thank you.” Then a delay as he checks his data. “You folks are coming up on Charlie-station in about thirty-minutes. I’ll contact you again, when you’re about to dock. Good-luck Nyla! Tell the others on duty that they’re doing a great job bringing that ship in!”
“Yes, I’ll do that, and thanks again Magnus. I’ll talk to you again soon.” She finishes, turning to her companions who review the orbital data required for successful docking.
Payne and Faraday
As Charlie moves closer to the automated fuel station, the true challenge begins. Protruding from the spherically shaped reservoir, seemingly in all directions, solar-panel-arrays protrude 100-feet as they sunbath for juicy electrons. From a distance, it reminds of an astronomically-sized virus!
To Talia, this fools-errand is looking a lot like the wrong kind of animal attempting to nurse off a weird cosmic-porcupine! The beast seems to reach for the bridge! The panoramic monitor breathes life into the nightmare! “Oh my! This doesn’t look good! Do we really need fuel that badly?” She jokes fearfully, as is her way!
Determined to not have a bad day at the office, Wil applies skills honed by seemingly endless hours of flight-simulator time back at Higgs. Soon, the big ship is brought close-in and made static just 50-feet away from telescoping fuel-arms.
Now, the cosmic porcupine is morphing into an alien octopus, as inquisitive lasers reach out and get touchy-feely with Charlies fuel manifold. Menacing-looking telescopic arms drag fuel lines in their direction. All realize that without the precious fuel, they have no hope of reaching Mars, or even returning to Earth without rescue!
It’s a new way of life for many of them; one that depends on critical technology working without complaint or major failures. Outside of Mother Earth’s protective environment, the universe is a cold and unforgiving adversary that will kill without the slightest remorse, or even consciousness of having done so!
“SPS Charlie, this is Magnus Teach; do you copy?”
“Hello Magnus; this is Charlie.... I mean Nyla.” She slays her nervousness with a laugh. “We’re being injected with the high-test now. Everything looks good so far.”
“Well, that’s what we’re here for, young lady.” Magnus informs cheerfully. “Your ship may drink like it’s never drank before! That station contains 35,000-gallons of primo. Take what you need but do mind the automatic fueling-shutoff system. All hell will break loose if it fails, and you don’t notice.” He warns, sternly. Adding....
“The last thing you need, is to rupture the tanks due to a frozen shutoff valve, or software failure. I give this advice to everyone that fuels at my stations, so don’t feel like I’m singling you kids out. Over the years, I’ve seen it all. A ruptured fuel-cell in space, is not a pretty thing. Not, a pretty thing at all!”
“Copy that Magnus. I’ve seen a fueling accident in space before, and I concur that it’s definitely not a pretty sight to behold.” Nyla acknowledges, remembering the time a teardrop outside the space station had been fueled improperly, and nobody noticed in time.
The anxious pilots closely monitor the situation. It’s a boring job because of the automation. Luckily, they are androids, so complacency isn’t a problem. For the sake not exploding, which even androids hate, the hydrogen and oxygen are transferred using different lines.
As the required amount of fuel fills Charlies belly, the automatic shutoff valve works like a charm and the space octopus gives-way once again to the cosmic porcupine virus-looking thing.
“Lunar Hydro; this is Nyla; do you copy?”
“Magnus here. It looks like another successful fueling at Charlie-station. Good job! I suppose now you’re all going to leave me?” He states sadly. “Well, don’t feel bad, they always do!” He jokes, offering a sincere laugh.
“Yeah Magnus, we must go. Unfortunately, we won’t be coming back this way anytime soon, or we’d stop and say hello.” She tries unsuccessfully to sound sad about it but is too excited now that they have the necessary fuel to continue with their mission!
She adds. “We thank you for the hard work you folks do down there. Who would have thought that moon-water would end up helping us reach for the stars?” She finishes on a brighter note, adding. “Oh yeah.... send the bill to Max. My check would bounce higher than the moon!”
“Good one!” Comes a laugh from Lunar City Operations. “You’re all very welcome. We here at Lunar Hydro, take great pride in providing the best. Our moon-juice has been sending humanity to Mars for 22-years. It’s all in a day’s work.”
He adds.... “Perhaps I’ll see you folks at Mars, before you depart for that long journey. I’m acquiring a lions-share of the Martian Mining Corporation at Olympus Mons. I’ll be leaving as soon as we finish with SPS Delta. I’ve converted one of those old asteroid mining ships. She’s a very comfortable ride, that didn’t cost an arm and a leg.”
That peaks Nyla’s attention! “Really? It wouldn’t by chance be the old ‘Queen Anne’s Revenge’ would it?” She asks hopefully.
“No, I’m afraid not. I put in a bid for her once but lost at the last moment. Instead, I have one of the older harpoon-class mining ships. It actually serves my purposes better, because it’s smaller and faster. If I ever change my profession to space-piracy, that’s the ship for me!” He jokes deviously, remembering his dark family-history.
Nyla has a nice laugh but decides it’s time to hit the road. “Well Magnus, I hope you have a safe journey. We’ll be happy to visit with you, if time permits. We’ll be there for about a week, if all goes as planned. I’ll have operations at the station, inform me when you arrive. Have a nice flight!” She smiles graciously.
“Thanks, Nyla. It’s been my pleasure working with you and all. Good luck out there.”
Charlie maneuvers away from the fueling station. Wil announces the imminent kick in the butt soon to come! With the big-burn looming, everyone straps in, hoping they don’t explode! Getting to Oberon Prime will entail many hurdles, and this is one of the big ones!
With Charlie aimed precisely at the window needed for Mars, and with everyone in agreement that the trajectory is true, Wil pushes the go-button! With a solid thud and torturous push, the main engine burst to life! The next 7 minutes at 8-g’s brings flashbacks of the launch from Earth! .... Soon, they’re on the way, with enough fuel left for deceleration at Mars.
Upon attaining a velocity of 50,000-mph, Ion engines come to life using a specialized fuel. They’ll continue acceleration unabated, creating nearly 50%-g during much of the journey.
Magnus, on the other hand, must use an automated medical-chamber to induce a coma for the initial three-day acceleration of only 2-g’s. His vital signs will be closely monitored during this process, and automatically modified in the event of any adverse reactions. Before final destination, the delicate process must be done again! Being a human in space, is tough!
Three to five days in this altered state of suspended animation and heavy g’s, is about the limit that the human body can endure before internal organs hemorrhage. Without heavy inertial changes, the journey to Mars would take much, much longer than a month and change!
Onboard Charlie, the call of duty has been relinquished to another set of astronauts. Nyla, Talia, Omari and Wil, are now free to kick back and enjoy the ride. On the circular monitor, the Moon and Earth have greatly shrunken as mighty Charlie speeds away.
After a few games of chess, the quad of shipmates, review the data concerning the starships. Sohn Space Systems is in final stages of completing four starships in Martian orbit.
Their names are; SPS Albert Einstein, SPS Isaac Newton, SPS Cecilia Payne, and SPS Michael Faraday.... as with Charlie; SPS=Space Pioneers Ship
Now, while much of the educated world is familiar with the first two names, the latter two have fallen into somewhat of an obscurity. The doctor was always highly respectful of Payne and Faraday’s immense accomplishments and contributions to humanity’s knowledge of science. The world became a better place for humans, due to their scientific prowess!
Now, what can be said of the lovely Cecilia Payne? Well let’s begin by saying that she was an immense inspiration to countless women who join the fields of science; and to many men also!
Furthermore, and many people don’t know this, but Doctor Payne was a British-American astronomer and astrophysicist that discovered that hydrogen is the most abundant element by far, inside of a star.
Until her groundbreaking research, the male dominated theories of the day in 1923, proposed that the sun is made up of the same elements as the earth; and in the same proportions too! .... Really?
Cecilia Payne completed her studies at Cambridge University in 1921 but did not receive a degree, due to her physiology. She immigrated to the United States and earned a PhD in astronomy, at Harvard University in 1923.
The thesis for her doctoral dissertation, is titled ‘Stellar Atmospheres’. This earthshattering paper, explores how hydrogen and helium, not only make up the majority of a star, but are also the most abundant elements in all the universe! Something that was later proven to be accurate!
However, when her advisor, a senior male astronomer, reviewed her dissertation, he dissuaded her from including her trail-blazing conclusions about the composition of stars.
Then, four years later, that same advisor changed his mind about her conclusions and published his own paper, robbing her of this major discovery!
While he did make tiny mention of her work in his paper, he is too often credited for her brilliant research. When she confronted the person about the thievery, she was rewarded smartassingly with.... ‘welcome to academia, my dear’!
Afterward, many top scientists in the field, said that her dissertation was “Undoubtedly the most brilliant PhD thesis ever written, in the field of astronomy.”
Her perseverance and true grit, in a male dominated field of study, has inspired millions of women to join into the many different fields of science over the years. Three cheers, for Doctor Cecilia Payne! .... May her starship enjoy safe passage to Titania Alpha!
And what of the ingenious Michael Faraday? Well, he was a gentle British man, who grew up in the very early nineteenth century.
He had the roughest of upbringings, living in near-poverty conditions. He also had to contend with a serious speech impediment as a young child. For instance, he could not pronounce the letter ‘r’, and consequently he would introduce himself as Michael Fawaday. This handicap caused him ridicule to the point where his mother had to remove him from school.
With pure mental prowess and determination, he overcame this lack of formal education, training himself in the ways of science. He skillfully earned an apprenticeship at the British Royal Institution in 1813 and soon after, became a mental force to be reckoned with!
He was a dynamo of mental skills while employed at this institution. Almost, as if he were receiving inspiration from a higher plain of existence while breaking new ground in the fields of electromagnetism and electrochemistry. All, without any formal training!
Through his discovery of electromagnetic induction, we now have electric motors and generators; along with a plethora of other significant inventions and theories!
His contributions to science, made him one of the most extremely rarest of human beings in all of history. Right up there with the person who discovered how to tame fire. Also, his modesty was so severe, he once turned down a knighthood from the Queen!
Nearly 100-years after his passing, Albert Einstein would keep a photograph of him on his study wall, next to images of Isaac Newton and James Clerk Maxwell, a mathematical physicist.
Another prominent physicist, Ernest Rutherford, once stated: “When we consider the magnitude and extent of his discoveries, and their influence on the progress of science and industry, there is no honor too great to pay to the memory of Michael Faraday, one of the greatest scientific discoverers of all time!” .... Three cheers for Michael Faraday!
May his starship, also enjoy safe passage to Titania Alpha!
Within each of the starships, or ‘motherships’, is the actual spacecraft that will house the astronauts and mission particulars. The mothership has many functions. One of the most important, is to protect the lives within, from the dangers without!
She accomplishes this by use of a double-hull construction; much like the double-hull on an oil tanker. While this particular feature on an oil tanker is designed to help keep the product inside the vessel, the mothership which holds the baby, is designed to keep radiations and foreign objects, out and away from her precious bundle of joy.
Once the inner spacecraft is completed, a metallic shell is constructed around it and filled incrementally with fresh water that freezes into a nice solid barrier against the ever-present cosmic radiations and projectiles. Also, the outer shell of the mothership will hold the array of fusion engines for propulsion, and many other necessary systems.
With an average thickness of 60-feet, the ice is calculated to be just what the doctor ordered, for the safety and ultimate increase in chances for a successful mission. Once at the destination planet, the mothership is designed to crack open like a giant space-peanut, disgorging the nut from within!
Also, this outer hull will house atmospheric entry-capsules, filled with supplies that could not fit inside the baby spacecraft. They, along with inactive fusion reactors, will drop to the surface by use of heatshields and Parachutes.
Mother will provide much more for the mission than just a protective barrier against the cold and violent hostilities of outer space. In the event, that the new worlds are lacking fresh water, the ice within, will supply the pioneers until some other system can be developed.
The baby-craft which is frozen within the bowels of the thick ice, has six-levels of compartments, adding to a little over one-million-cubic-feet of usable space.
With so many supplies needed at destination, most of the compartments are lovingly jam-packed with provisions. There’s actually very little room, for the 52 pioneers that are so critical for the success of the mission.
Only the Bridge, hibernation compartment, android-sickbay, and handball court, are where the shipmates can enjoy useable elbowroom. Because the android’s electro-polymer muscles and CPU’s, require periodic exercise to maintain proper functionality, the doctor decided that a handball court would fit the bill! This exercise facility near the center of the ship, takes up three of the levels!
Each command bridge, measures 40-feet-diameter by 10-feet-high. These are large compartments, designed to offer non-claustrophobic relief, when not hibernating.
From a moderate distance, the motherships are black objects in a dark void; not unlike the resemblance of an asteroid, but without the tumbling; hopefully! All with a shape that looks like a cosmic skipping stone; albeit a very large one!
The direction of force that’s experienced inside the bridge will vary, depending on whether the mothership is in cruise, or if the inner-spacecraft has been released, and moving independently. The ships bridges have a plethora of control consoles expected of a starship.
As with many of the doctor’s other spacecraft, the bridges have circular monitors circumnavigating the compartment. This offers a panoramic view of outside that borders on hypnotizing! It leaves the feeling that one is engaged on a magic carpet ride through the cosmos!
All the major systems onboard are monitored by a network of 98-computers. They work as a team, comparing notes and reaching consensus of operating parameters concerning the many systems, as the starship streaks through space and time.
If six of the many computers should fall out of consensus with the majority, four astronauts are re-animated to evaluate the problem further, before any change is initiated.
The journey is divided into timeframes for each-set of four to be called upon during an emergency. If the four androids fail to report to the bridge within a set time, the next scheduled team is automatically called upon. It’s a system of redundancy that mission designers found easy to agree upon.
For electrical power generation, a series of complex and relatively small nuclear-fusion-reactors, fill that requirement. Without electricity, the mission would be dead, before it even got off the ground!
This network of reactors is attached to the mother-ships outer hull structure. Many of them remain dormant until needed at destination. They are each approximately 20-feet by 20-feet in size and can be automatically jettisoned into space in the event of a dire emergency.
All monitoring done on the reactors, is networked into the main computers, and vital signs can be analyzed to a very high degree of accuracy. There are also dormant reactors housed inside the inner spacecraft as well.
The main engines on the motherships, are modified electric generators that use a fusion reaction to operate. Then the energy bi product of that process is directed out the aft nozzles for thrust.
It’s an extremely complicated process where high-energy helium-3, which is mined on Earth’s moon, is fused. The resulting hot plasma that’s created, has to play a balancing act with the magnetic confinement field, and the engines containment vessel.
Doctor Diaz, and his team at Sohn Space Systems, had theoretically solved the issue of containment-vessel erosion. This mission will depend on their accuracy. A million things can go wrong; but an android, worries about two million things!
Overall, the motherships and the baby spacecraft within, are the best humanity can achieve, using current 23rd century technology. They’re the best hope for a dispersion of humans and androids into the galaxy, and perhaps beyond!
These starships are traveling just a relatively short distance of 50-lightyears, but the edge of the galaxy is still another 25,000 just to get near the edge! Apparently, it’s true; there’s a whole lot of space in outer space!!
Basically, the starships are only crossing the street in a very large cosmic metropolis. While an increase in speed will get the mission to its destination sooner, the inertial limitations of human and machines, prevent this increase of acceleration. Current technology limits the motherships to a modest acceleration, of only 69% g-force during much of the transit.
Motherships!
The journey from Moon to Mars is proceeding as planned. The android pioneers sleep most of the time. Energy conservation will rule for the next many tens-of-thousands-of-years, so they get into the routine quickly.
As time passes, the earthling ships near Martian space. The red planet is still a dot in the distance, but a bigger one each day. The ships are separated by only two hours, so will arrive within the same basic timeframe.
SPS Alpha, crosses an invisible border which is the Martian security perimeter. It’s an 8-million-mile-diameter bubble of security-zone; with the precious red planet, nestled safely at its core. Deep-space sensors, alert those at Mars who work hard to keep evildoers at bay.
A control officer, Anna Shultz, studies the encoded transponder signal and relaxes a tiny bit. Still, that’s just one level of security. Without verbal confirmation, any ship will be considered unauthorized, and dealt with harshly!
“SPS Alpha; do you copy?” Anna calls. She’s been on pins and needles for the past several hours, waiting for the first group of androids to pass through her little keyhole of authority. Her monitor lights up with a lovely female face. One that surely couldn’t be a synthetic, she ponders!
While Anna contacts SPS Alpha, two maintenance technicians have just started their workday at the Martian Space Station. Roy Albertson, and Dylan Conrad, exit an airlock and loiter on a staging platform trying to motivate for the duties they’ve been assigned.
They’ve been working on the station for 2-years and are close to rotating back to Earth for rest and relaxation with family. With short-timer’s attitudes, they find it harder each day to roll out of the sack and complete their appointed tasks with peak efficiency.
“I’m telling you Dylan,” Roy transmits on a personal comm-link, “that thing’s going to come back this way and hurt someone! It’s just that simple! You can’t possibly throw it hard enough or fast enough to break orbit!”
“You wanna bet?” Dylan jokes through a haze of alcoholic fog. “I can throw pretty goddamn hard, even in this bulky suit!” He exclaims, pulling an empty whiskey bottle from a pouch. The effects of finishing the bottle, leave him feeling as though he may have brained his damage! “Besides, the chances that it’ll actually hit something important, even if it does come back this way, is one in a trillion sextillion!”
Inside the bottle, is a note of angry discontent aimed at the cruel universe. The day before, doctors had related a terrible diagnosis of cancer, and the prognosis is way negative! He may never see his beloved family again!
“Well, I hope you didn’t mention my name on that note!” Roy states his greatest worry. “I’m telling you Dylan, it’s just not worth it! You might toss that bottle for a five or ten-year journey, but eventually it’s coming back, and the orbital-cleaners will get it.”
“Don’t worry yourself about it, Roy. I didn’t mention your name, and I don’t give a tinkers-damn about the cleaners, or security, or anything else for that matter!” He exclaims venomously. “Now stand back my friend and watch me give this baby the best heave I can muster while I’m still healthy enough for a good toss!”
It’s not easy to move fast in a space suit, but Dylan gives it his best shot! With a fat-gloved hand, he winds-up and throws the message in a bottle as hard as he possible can! It departs at a good clip, tumbling end over end into the dark void, sending back winks of reflected light.
“Well, I’ve got to admit Dylan, that was one hell of a throw! I didn’t think it was possible to get that much speed while wearing a space suit. Well, you proved me wrong, old boy! Still, it’ll be back. I hope you feel better now. Perhaps we can now get some work done?” Roy pleads!
“Thanks, Roy. That was fun! It’s all in the wrist, you know!” Dylan instructs proudly, adding. “Yeah, I’m ready to get some work done now. I feel better, but somehow I don’t think that the cancer gives a damn how many bottles I toss into space!” He relates dejectedly.
As the mechanics maneuver into the void on their way to perform preventative maintenance on the station’s main communications array, Roy asks a tough question of his friend. “Dylan, this might not be any of my business but what kind of options did medical give you?”
“Well, not many, Roy.” He replies sadly. “They tell me it has metastasized, and now harder than ever to fight. I’m starting chemo tomorrow. They say I wouldn’t survive the long trip back to Earth, unless they can get it into remission first. So, my friend. It looks like my nights of hard drinking are over for a while.”
“Oh man! I’m sorry to hear that, Dylan! Have you told the fam yet?”
“Not yet, I plan to tell them in a few days, after I know more. I want to have as much information as possible before breaking the bad news.”
“Perimeter control; this is SPS Alpha; we copy five by five; go ahead; over.” Carla replies.
“SPS Alpha, please verify your squawk code; over.” Anna requests a password nervously. She’d never spoken with a sentient computer and is discovering that it’s intimidating.
“Damn the torpedoes! Full steam ahead!” Carla replies with a roaring laugh.
“SPS Alpha; copy that. It’s good to know your spirits are still high after such a long voyage.” Anna cringes! After all, this computer she’s talking to, has nothing but ‘long voyage’ ahead of her.
“Oh, please don’t get me started on long voyages!” Carla, retorts friendlily. She knows that humans, can’t easily get their minds around what a long voyage really is.
“May I ask who I’m addressing? My name is Anna Shultz.”
“Hello Anna; I’m Carla. Nice to meet you.” She answers courteously.
“Same here Carla. I hope you have an uneventful transit through our little Martian security-zone. According to our data, you should be entering orbit in 3-days. Perhaps I’ll see you on the station. You folks are going to be celebrities! over.” Anna finishes enthusiastically.
“Thanks Anna. I look forward to the show. Contact me again after we’ve docked.” She wanted to ask if the offensive weapons had been redirected but didn’t think Anna would be able to answer honestly.
SPS Charlie is the third spacecraft to transit into the perimeter zone. After three days, the beautiful red planet becomes something to be reckoned with, as it fills half the circular monitor!
Charlie slows to nearly a stop as a well-illuminated starship buried inside seemingly endless scaffolding. Gravity is now gone for the pioneers. Soon they can see a name on the aft end of their new home away from home. Printed in giant letters; SPS Albert Einstein.
Nyla, notices that Einstein is carrying some big sticks as he sits quietly in the lonely night. Many big sticks, as a matter of fact! Four pods containing Gatling guns and lasers, are mounted at evenly spaced intervals around his mid-section. At each end of the great behemoth, missile-systems are mounted in pods, just waiting to adjust someone’s attitude!
They are fully able to respond authoritatively in the event of threat from another craft. Or, possibly even for deflection or destruction of incoming natural objects if the system has time to track in advance of impact.
As much as the doctor hates to send humanity to the stars with weapons, he knows full-well that survival on Earth had always depended on the ability to prevent malignant takeover of one’s sovereignty.
Any creature that didn’t possess a nice set of fangs, received little or no respect from adversaries! He predicts that things will be much the same in the far reaches of the cosmos.
He and his colleagues, firmly believe that dog eat dog tendencies, undoubtedly permeate the entire universe. Especially, when considering life-forms that must compete for existence.
“Wil, do you think we’ll have a need for those weapons systems?” Nyla asks innocently.
“Let’s hope not, young lady. Better to have and not need, then the other way around!”
“Do you think we have bigger fangs, hidden away for that really rainy day?”
“Well my dear, that’s a very good question. I simply don’t know. We’ll find out the details about many things during our orientation and mission briefings.” He states, as they slowly travel the seemingly endless stretch of black stainless steel that is Einstein’s outer hull.
“He’s sure big!” .... Nyla says with hypnotic tone.
Everyone is stunned as they tour the monstrous creature. Soon, they come upon workers as they weld a section of the hull closed. They’ve just finished a 5-year-job of filling the space between the inner-ship and Einstein’s outer hull with Martian spring-water, now turned to ice.
Filling the great void with water and ice, was a painstaking process. Box-molds are placed and filled with liquid water until frozen. The process is painstakingly repeated, as working with liquid water in near absolute temperatures, is cosmically challenging to be sure!
“She’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen.” Talia finds her voice. “If I could cry tears, I’d be bawling right now!”
The edges of Einstein are rounded. He grows fatter at a central bulge, where the protected ship lays safely within. The approximate dimensions of the starship are roughly 1,600-feet-in-diameter, and 400-feet-thick! Einstein and his twins are no cosmic slouches, that’s for sure!
Fusion engines are mounted 50-each to 130-foot-diameter rings. In the event that some of the engines fail during the long journey, the circular design will allow uneven forces to be minimized and better absorbed by the structure.
Nyla breaks the silence. “You know something Wil? Every time I see such a beautifully designed and technologically advanced creation of humanities. I can’t help but wonder just how they can achieve such lofty feats and at the same time, disrespect their planet in such a lowly fashion. It seems they lack the willpower to make significant changes, so’s to strike a balance.”
Wil squeezes her hand reassuringly. “I feel the same way, Nyla. Let’s not forget that humans really have been trying to change their ways over the past 200-years. It’s just not in their nature to bite the bullet effectively. Old habits are hard to break!”
“Well, at least they advanced far enough to create you, me and these wonderful starships!” Omari adds a positive spin on the gloomy issue.
Nyla, adds. “It’s sometimes easy to forget that humans are only recently removed from a time when they swung from tree to tree.” She ponders. “Let’s hope we were given adequate knowledge to steer future humans onto a more sustainable path.”
Wil offers a warm smile. “We can only hope, Nyla. First, we have to get there, so let’s not count our humans before their hatched!” He jokes laughingly.
Soon, they’re approaching the main docking-port. Each starship has an operations and control module, that’s built into the scaffolding surrounding the great ship. It’s the responsibility of this department to oversee all aspects of docking and entry.
Hanna, calls operations at the starship. “Einstein operations; this is SPS Charlie; over.”
“Charlie, this is operations for Einstein. My name is Eric. Welcome to your new home! Please go ahead; over.”
“Thanks Eric! My name is Hanna. Request permission to commence docking procedures.”
“Permission granted, Hanna. There’re personnel inside to assist. Good luck; over and out.”
As Charlie goes static just 100-feet from the starship’s main airlock, computers on each ship are synchronized. Einstein is given full authority over the docking procedure, unless overridden by operations or someone onboard Charlie.  The two vessels slowly move closer and closer....
Man of the fisted flag
130-million-miles from Mars, a venomous old man is interrupted from his meditation by a light knock on his inner sanctum door. “Yes! Yes! What is it, Ivan!” The man yells murderously, having not benefited one iota from his mantras. “This damn-well better be important!”
Ivan, nervously cracks the door, sticking in only his head. “Sir, a patriot has arrived with news. He says it’s possibly the best news you’ve had recently, concerning that evil Sohn empire.” He cringes, knowing any mention of that name, brings out the raw animal in his boss!
“Oh? And just who is this bringer of good news, Ivan?” The man burns seethingly at Ivan for not divulging the critical information earlier. Ivan, though not small by any means, quakes!
“He says his name is Vladimir Zovsky. He gave me this card, saying you would understand.” He hands the card, which has only one thing on it; an insignia of an iron-fist, clenching a group of lightning bolts! The man had seen it’s like before, because he’s the one who designed it! It’s the symbol of his fight against Sohn, and his blasphemous plan to transplant humanity onto other worlds.
The man is shocked! He didn’t think the cause had any fire left in it. Not after that miserable Sohn had launched his damn rockets! Now the insignia, the revolution, hadn’t any fangs! The fight is over! No way to reach those cursed rockets and starships now!
Even if he had the resources to leave the planet and pursue the destruction of Sohn’s mission, the security off-planet is excruciatingly tight; especially for any spacecraft approaching the Martian planet. More than once, an error in identification had caused even a few of Sohn’s own spacecraft to be fired upon by lasers.
Seeing this card, with news about a subject dear to his heart, but lost forever to fate, gives him hope for a renewed struggle in the face of defeat!
After murdering Sohn fiancé a lifetime ago, he had spent a king’s ransom obtaining specialized weapons and equipment to destroy Sohn Space Systems. All for nothing!
Now, he looks weak and vulnerable to his enemies. They smell the blood of failure on his efforts. Even now, they’re massing forces against him!
Suddenly, the man’s mood breaks devious, reflecting his true nature. “Please escort him into the parlor Ivan. See that he’s made comfortable. Tell him that I’ll join him shortly.” The man needs time to analyze the visitor. See what he can learn in advance of the meeting. The man knows the power of good research!
Five minutes later, much is understood about the mysterious visitor. He knows that he’s a mid-echelon soldier in the effort to stop Sohn. Always behind the scenes, a computer genius who hides behind dark firewalls, while his actions violate the sanctity of the enemy’s defenses.
He’s a good soldier to have on your side, and the man quickly decides that this bringer of good news is not a threat, but possibly a savior of his life and battle against Maxwell Sohn!
Entering the parlor like a man that hadn’t a care in the world, he greets his unscheduled visitor. “Welcome to my home Vladimir.” The man greets cordially. Crossing the room, he even shakes hands as if welcoming family. Something that goes totally against his grain!
“How may I help you, my friend?” He lays it on thick, hoping to make his guest feel unthreatened after intruding on a superior’s home-turf.
“Good afternoon, sir. Please excuse the intrusion. I know that you are a very important and busy man. However, I have some exciting news for you that won’t take long to explain. I have come in person as this development is for your ears only. I wouldn’t trust it to any other person.”
“I understand! I understand, my friend!” The man shrugs it off, turning to his assistant and politely asks him to leave the room and close the door.
“Please, may I get you more water? Or something a bit stronger perhaps? After all, it’s five o’clock somewhere in the world!” He jokes but could actually use a drink about now!
“Yes sir; thank you sir. I’ll have vodka if you don’t mind. I’ve been on edge since this new development came to light, and I could use something for my nerves.”
Crossing to a nicely appointed bar, the man pours two triple-vodkas on ice. He sits across from Vladimir at a small round coffee-table in the center of the room, passing the magical elixir.
Clinking glasses, they put bottoms up. Then the man sits back, waiting for Vladimir to disgorge his mighty secret! With bravery nicely lubricated, Vladimir begins....
The man instantly perks! Like a Phoenix rising, a new life is being breathed into an old ideology that only an hour prior, he would have bet his last ruble, was forever dead!
Vlad spills the details. “As you probably know sir, there are many of us who don’t want the cause to be extinguished just because of a few rocket launches. I was paid good money to find a solution and I believe I’ve found exactly that.” Vladimir proudly states. Continuing....
“I’ve been monitoring all communications between Mars, the moon, and Sohn Space Systems at Higgs. It wasn’t an easy hack, but that’s another story altogether.”
“Yesterday, I intercepted medical correspondence coming in from Mars. This communication revealed that there’s a common maintenance technician at the Space Station, that has acquired terminal cancer.” Vlad informs, adding....
“He’s being treated there at Mars, because his condition won’t allow for the transit time needed for return to Earth. This person’s name is Dylan Conrad, and it seems that he will probably die out there at Mars, before he ever gets the chance to see his wife and children again.”
The news hits the man like the best of drugs! A ravenous gleam in his old eyes, tells the story! Vladimir continues....
“This Conrad has a wife and two children here on earth. They live in squalor because of the gambling habit he cannot break with. He owes millions of dollars to bookies in Las Vegas that will gladly finish off what the cancer leaves behind, if he is lucky enough to survive the chemo and return to Earth. Which it seems very unlikely at best.”
Long-winded Vlad, adds. “It’s my opinion that this Conrad is extremely vulnerable to any offers of employment, as long as his family is adequately compensated, and his debts are paid in full to the bookies, so they won’t have reason to attack his family.”
The man sits quietly, practically vibrating as his heart skips a beat! He’s just listened to the best news he could ever hope to imagine! Crossing to the bar, he pours two more triple shots. Returning to his seat, he informs....
“My friend, I must be honest when I say that I’m shocked from what you have just told me. This is the first time we’ve had a real chance to bring down Sohn from the inside! If you can help me cultivate this Conrad into a one-man demolition force, I’ll see that you are compensated well-beyond what you have already been paid. When can you start working this angle?”
“I can start immediately, sir. In fact, I’ve already done preliminary work.” Vlad informs, adding. “I have all contact information needed to pay off the bookies, relocate the family to better digs and create a dark bank account for Mrs. Conrad’s newfound wealth.”
“How will you approach this Conrad, and what type of destruction can he hope to bring on such short notice?” The man asks, skeptically.
“Leave that to me, sir. We still have plenty of time, and I’m already developing several angles. I’ll contact you again shortly with more details.” He informs, as they clink glasses.
“Yes, well that’s satisfactory Vlad. I have a good feeling about this. Get back to me as soon as you’ve formulated a plan.” They toss back the rocket fuel, enjoying the burn!
The very thought that his long-ago rival had bested him again, made his blood boil! Vladimir leaves the man to return to his meditation. A meditation that suddenly has something to hope for, after nothing but epic failures!
Good news! Bad news!
Nyla and teammates, float inside Charlies airlock. They’ll be the first to see the inside of their new home. After all, she and Wil are the most senior androids in the ships compliment, so the honor naturally goes to them. As Nyla searches for the doorbell, a monitor on the control panel flickers to life with a friendly face.
“Hello out there! Welcome to your new home! My name is Amy Herschel; chief engineer for the Einstein. Are you ready to open?”
“Hello over there!” Nyla, monkeys friendlily. “My name is Nyla; it’s nice to meet you too, Amy. Yes, I’m ready to open. In fact, we request permission to come aboard!” She excitedly defaults to an old naval tradition that made the transition into space flight. It offers a layer of respect which is important during a changing of the guard, as this surely is!
“Permission granted!” She really belts it out there! Nearly embarrassing herself! For years, she’s been waiting to say those words. While sad to see her baby leaving the nest, she’s extremely happy for the moment.
Amy and Nyla, each enter codes for the equalization of air pressure between the two vessels. Anxiety, heats Nyla’s circuits in a good way. She can somehow sense Wil’s cautious anxiety, as he floats closely behind her. These feelings of hazy esp and déjà vu, have been becoming more frequent lately but she’s never spoken to anyone about the weird phenomenon.
When equilibrium has been reached, and an override code entered by Amy, all airlock hatches are opened. This is always an extra-risky strategy and a rare occurrence in the unforgiving vacuum of outer space. But with so many wanting to exit Charlie, it would take seemingly forever with only a few at a time.
Nyla moves to the side, offering Wil the chance to enter first, but he would have none of it! “Please Nyla, after you,” he insists while floating closer and pecking her on the cheek. “I would carry you across the threshold, but seeing as you don’t have any weight, I’ll just give you a push instead.”
With a nudge, she gracefully floats into their new home! Her expression; like that of a long-time adrenaline junkie, that has just found another fix!
“Thanks Wil. I knew there was a gentleman in there someplace.” She jokes laughingly, as Wil and the gang follow closely.
Amy greets as the android tsunami approaches. “Hello again!” She exclaims, reaching to shake Nyla’s hand as she passes. It’s her first-ever physical encounter with a sentient computer and the thrill sends her to cloud nine!
“Hi Amy!” Nyla, greets in passing, not wishing to stop and cause an interstellar pile-up! Everyone wants exit from Charlie, and exit is what they do! Seemingly, all at once! Still, Amy manages to grip each and every one of their hands in passing!
She revels in the sensation of shaking a computers hand. A hand that might one-day guide her own offspring! This is because she has added even more to the mission than just her time and expertise! Her own biological samples will go to the stars with this very group of intelligent machines!
Nyla enters a claustrophobic worm-hole-like ice tunnel leading to the smaller ship within. Proximity-sensors illuminate the passage with an eerie glow from deep within the ice, leaving her circuits spooked! Calculatingly, she figures the tunnel is about 120-feet-long. Handholds along the way, offer guidance as she bravely explores her new surroundings.
At the end of the tunnel, she finds the airlock for the baby-ship which will be her home for the next 175,000-years or so. The hatch opens, and a floating man extends his hand in greeting.
“Hello young lady! My name is Eric Summers, director of operations for the Einstein; please allow me to welcome all of you to your new home. Follow me inside, where there is more elbow room.” He turns to lead the way, while Amy stays behind and locks-up.
Nyla is so happy when the ice tunnel morphs into a steel passageway! She is finally home! Soon, the group arrives at the largest empty compartment on the inner ship; the handball court. As the android’s trickle in, Erik radios. “Amy; do you copy?”
“I copy, Erik.” Amy responds. “Both outer airlocks are closed and sealed.”
Thanks, Amy. Please do join us.”
“I’m on my way.” She answers, floating along the tunnel, following the last of the androids. They flow into the handball court like a seemingly endless river of mechanical wonders. Finding places to hover, they fill every nook and cranny! Amy, hovers next to Erik, who begins....
“Once again, I wish to welcome you to your new home. It’s our wish here at the interstellar-transit staging area, to make your visit and departure, an enjoyable and safe experience. Of the four starships, only two are 100% ready. We estimate another week before the big journey begins. This will allow time for you to experience life on the space station, if you so choose.”
He continues. “If you’ve forgot anything on Charlie, please let me know. Otherwise, he’s to be transferred to the cargo airlock and then taken to the graveyard for recycling.”
“Eric?” Amy chimes in. “These are androids. They tend to not forget things.” She and all, have a great laugh at Eric’s expense, but nobody laughs harder than he!
“Okay then.” he recovers. “I’m sure you have all met this pretty young lady, but I’ll introduce her again; this is Amy Herschel. She’s the Einstein’s Chief Engineer and will be conducting the orientation and tour of this fine spacecraft. Even though she is floating, I’ll still give here the floor!”
The room explodes with applause. Amy is surrounded by a gaggle of eager and attentive androids who float everywhere! All eyes are glued on her as they hover in layer-cake formation from floor to ceiling!
She feels an emotion that’s quite foreign to her; intimidation. Trying to convey pertinent information to a group of computers that already have most of it stored in their memory banks, can be very disconcerting. She pushes that uneasy feeling to the back of her mind.
“Good day to all of you, and once again welcome to the SPS Albert Einstein. I hope you all had an enjoyable journey from Earth.” She begins with a polite, general greeting. “Now, what I’m about to tell you, is more of a refresher course than anything else. I can only hope that some of the information will be new.”
She continues. “New information, or not. I just want to say that I’m very proud to be the person who introduces you to your new home, and the many systems that bring him to life. As you already know, this ship is traveling a distance of approximately 50-lightyears and arriving at a star system with an Earth-like planet that has been tentatively named Oberon Prime. The journey will take about 175,000-years.... depending on traffic conditions,” She jokes laughingly.
Nyla gets a chuckle out of the quip, but also knows that unexpected things can and will happen out there!
Raising her arms, long-winded Amy, indicates the immense vessel. “The very large behemoth you saw on your inbound journey is the mothership. Even though she carries a man’s name, I’ll always consider her a mothership, with her baby deep inside the ice-pack which is the ship we’re now in.”
“As you all know, mother’s ice will provide the necessary shielding for such a voyage. She not only does this happily but is also jam-packed with many necessities needed at destination but could not fit into this inner vessel. Things like dormant fusion reactors, modules of food and medical supplies, and weapon systems.” She continues, describing more of the general information....
On the space station, an alarm-clock indicates 0800 hours. Dylan Conrad rolls over to silence the terrible noise! Lately, it’s not easy getting the motivation for starting a new day. Another visit to medical is scheduled for 0900, and it’s important to be there on time.
His treatment must be accomplished like clockwork. So far it seems to be getting the better of him! He’s lost much weight and energy in the past three weeks, and he wonders if it will ever get better.
Sitting quietly on the edge of his bed, he tries to gain the focus needed to prepare for the day. Everything seems to be piling up on him lately. He isn’t sure which will kill him first; the illness, the chemo, or worrying about his wife and children back on Earth!
He’s squandered the family fortunes, as it were, by gambling away his paychecks in hopes of winning it big. The insidious lure of never having to work again, is too much to control!
It’s a sickness that he just can’t seem to conquer, and continues to nurture, even though his life is spiraling out of control. The next paycheck will be the one that brings him back from oblivion! He’s sure of it! …. He can taste it!
Reaching, he picks up his data pad, noticing a new video from Earth. It’s not from his wife, who is reaching the end of her patience with him, and he didn’t recognize the sender.
Life for his wife and children had severely deteriorated during the past eight months. Much of the money he earns, never reaches their bank account. Also, it only exasperates the situation when she receives threatening phone calls from strangers, demanding money that she didn’t have!
Opening the video, Dylan sees a disguised face. Oh, great! He thinks through a haze of sleepiness. Another jack-ass-threat has found its way through Sohn’s filters and found him!
The stranger in disguise, speaks. Even the voice is disguised, almost to the point of incoherency. Dylan can’t help but think that the bookies he’s been trying to avoid, had finally caught up with him!
However, as the man continues, holding up a photo of his wife and children, he quickly realizes that this is much worse than just a threat from some bill collectors!
“I’m sure you recognize the people in this photo Mister Conrad.” The man, mumbles sarcastically. “From what I’m able to ascertain, these loved-ones have fallen on hard times. I also understand that you also have fallen on hard times, out there at Mars. Furthermore, you have managed to compound those difficulties by losing a very large sum of money to some rather bad people in Las Vegas.” The man relates with a predatory tone.
Dylan pauses the video! He’s shocked that whoever this is, has some extremely sensitive information concerning his personal affairs! Sitting on the edge of his bed in the gloomy compartment, he works up the courage to continue! Having started the video, it’s impossible to not let it play out to the bitter end! Bravely, for his family, he pushes play again.
“I am the man who can make two of those very bad things go away.” The man promises with hope. Dylan perks! “From what I can ascertain from your medical reports, you seem to have an extremely poor chance for long term survival.” The man doesn’t mince words. “I am sure that this statement doesn’t come as a shock to you.” He surmises, adding....
“Perhaps the people you owe money, will not seek payment in the event of your passing, but they just might. And while they can’t get money from a dead man, they can still make your family pay. With their blood, if necessary.”
“After all, several million dollars in unpaid debt, can make some people murderously vengeful, and murder is what these people do when big loans go south. They’ll do this without any conscientiousness or remorse whatsoever. After all, if they do nothing, their competition will smell weakness and failure.”
“Listen carefully Mister Conrad, as I provide the job-offer of a lifetime, so to speak. If you decide to accept, I shall see personally that your wife and children are compensated with ten-million-dollars in a dark bank account.”
“They’ll be free to enjoy life once again, after you failed miserably to deliver the bacon! Furthermore, I’ll cause the scum in Las Vegas, to get what they have coming.”
“Now, you don’t know me, and never will. However, if you agree to this job, you can easily check and verify that I am a man of my word.”
“Now, I don’t know you either. I can honestly tell you, that if you do accept my offer, and then back out, you’ll quickly find that I can make your present troubles, infinitely worse! In fact, I can make you wish you were never born!” The man warns acidically, adding for extra clarity....
“I will not mince words with you, Mister Conrad. I will only tell you this.... like the shylocks in Vegas, I too am a murderer! I am that, and worse. Much, much worse!”
“I am not bragging. It’s just a simple fact that you need to fully comprehend.”
“Here’s my proposal. I strongly recommend that you consider it carefully .... Very carefully!” The man warns predatorily!
Dylan sits quietly on the edge of his bed after the video ended. He wonders if it weren’t simply an alcoholic detox-dream, or truly his salvation out of an abyss of trouble and worry.
He just couldn’t get his mind around what the man had proposed! After all, he has lived 42-years without murdering practically anyone! Well, he had never actually murdered anyone, outside of wishful thinking!   Yet, in this nightmare.... real lives do matter!
Dylan Conrad may very well be what some might consider a shallow, small-minded man. One who thrives on instant gratification and booze, but he didn’t consider himself to be a murderer. Especially not a mass-murderer like the man in the video suggested he become!
“God, I need a drink!” He mumbles venomously, working up the energy to get dressed and stumble off to medical for another excruciating day at the goddamn office!
Home Sweet Home!
“In here we have the Einstein’s bridge.” Amy informs. Floating ahead of the massive tour-group, she takes the command chair as the once-large bridge fills to the brim with curious computers floating everywhere! “From this nerve center, all aspects of the starship can either be manipulated or monitored.” She begins her spiel.... but none are listening!
From her viewpoint, all she can see is the bottoms of everyone’s boots! They all point away from her as the incredible circular monitor eats their faces! With Mars in all her glory, beautifying one half the screen, and the incredible band of the Milky Way splashed across the other half, it demands attention!
“Oh my!” Talia exclaims. “It’s hard to image that we’re buried inside millions of tons of ice! Why, if I didn’t know better, I’d swear we’re about to be sucked into space!”
“I forgot how exhilarating the view is.” Amy responds, getting everyone’s attention once again. “After working in here for so many years, I just got used to it. What a shame! It is surely the best view on the ship!” She says laughingly and continues....
“The bridge is 35-feet-diameter and 10-feet-tall. While not as spacy as the handball court, it’s the second largest compartment onboard. Normally, it won’t have such a large group, so the view will only improve in the future. The doctor spared no expense.”
Amy describes the command chair and many of the gadgets that offer great control-capabilities to whomever sits there. “From this side panel, all six attitude-adjustment pods on Einstein’s outer hull can be controlled.” She describes the different weapons system available.
“While the lasers have an almost unlimited supply of energy, the solid projectiles that are perhaps the most effective deterrent, are limited in number.” She relates the defensive facts with a sad tone. “That being said, there is also a battery of modified anti-tank missiles at each end of the ship. There are 200-missiles-per-pod.” She relates with a gleam in her eyes, adding....
“As you can imagine, Einstein was not built for maneuverability. Any defensive posturing will have to be accomplished while maintaining a linear trajectory. Autopilot will have direct control over the weapons while everyone sleeps. It will wake four of you in the event that it can’t handle the threat or becomes confused about the situation.”
She leaves the command chair, floating past a gaggle of bodies and comes to the navigation console. “Much of this navigation console is more for data review, than anything else. This journey is designed to be conducted by automated processes. It can be overridden if necessary.” She informs the basics, not wishing to bore.
Pushing away from the navigation console, she floats over to life-support. “This console will require most monitoring. It handles critical data concerning not only the air pressure and temperature inside the ship, but also the environment within the cryo-preservation chambers. While that environment is controlled automatically, the system must still be monitored to help ensure viability at destination. Now, before I continue, are there any questions?”
Wil, notices that nobody seems to be coming forward with a question for the lovely lady, so he makes effort, even though he already knew the answer. “Yes Amy, I have a question. You mentioned that the attitude-adjustment pods have a limited supply of solid projectiles. Can you be more specific?” He asks innocently enough.
Amy brightens! It’s a subject that’s right up her ally! “Yes, that’s a good question. The four pods are operated independently and have their own supply of projectiles. Each one, has a magazine containing 200,000-rounds of 90-caliber depleted-uranium rounds. They offer incredible penetration power. The rounds are normally discharged in 3-round-bursts but can be fired in a fully automatic fashion if the target persists.” She reports with a gleam in her eye!
“Thanks Amy. It’s comforting to know, that at least we won’t die from the lack of shooting back!” he finishes with a laugh that’s echoed from others. He stealthily nudges his mate, getting her attention. He offers his best now it’s your turn expression. Amy looks around, hoping for another question.... or ten.
Nyla gets Wil’s drift as Amy notices her inquisitive look. “Yes Nyla?”
“Thanks, Amy. Can the weapon-pods can be removed and taken planet-side after reaching our destination.” She inquires, honestly not knowing.
“Great question, Nyla!” The tour director responds laughingly. “When you arrive at Oberon Prime, there will hopefully be six unused weapon systems still attached to Einstein’s outer hull. These systems must be detached and stored within specialized compartments of this inner ship. Weight and balance is critical and can’t be obtained without the pods influence.” She informs and takes liberty to ask a question of her own. “Say, is your last name ‘Sohn’ by Chance?”
“Yes. And this is my partner in crime, Wilber Sohn.” Nyla answers, as Wil speaks up.
“Yes Amy, the good doctor adapted us. I’m guessing you’re aware of the unfortunate circumstance that precipitated our joining the mission?” He inquires, so the memory of Claire and Shane won’t be lost.
“Yes, I’m aware of the details, and I’m sure that they would be very proud that you two took up their challenge when the chips were down. And I thank you also!” She relates sincerely, putting her hand over her heart. The other 50 androids applaud; both Sohn’s would have turned red from embarrassment, if only they could. But it did warm their circuits in a good way!
Amy is pleased to have this interaction with her first ever sentient-computer friends. “This way.” Leading the gang out of the bridge and down a passageway, she enters the sleeping quarters. Inside this compartment, row upon row of these tube-like devices stand vertically, waiting for customers.
“Here we have the latest in extended hibernation systems for the android species.” She says proudly of the vertically standing tubes. They have lids of clear material and domed along their entire length.
“These chambers will house and protect you during the long voyage.” She describes how they operate, asking Nyla if she would help by entering one and allowing her to better demonstrate their operation.
Nyla happily agrees, floating closer for further instructions. Once again Amy shows how to open the device. “Just push this button, like so,” she pushes the button, and like the opening of a mummy’s sarcophagus, the clear lid opens invitingly. Inside, hidden lights illuminate a pad that’s about 7-feet-long and as wide as the chamber. Amy moves to the side, pro-offering with her arm.
“Like this?” Nyla asks, as she gently pushes off from the deck, arriving at the edge of the tube where she and maneuvers onto the pad. Turning her body, she places herself against it, as Amy pushes on her midsection. Nyla sinks into the pad as if it were a viscous liquid. At the same time, the entire chamber automatically rotates 20-degrees-backwards, in a fashion that would provide a sense of security from falling out, if under the influence of gravity.
“This process can be a little tricky without gravity, but as the ships accelerates and offers pseudo gravity, it will become much easier.” She says, reaching for straps at the side of the pad.
Amy secures Nyla into position. The restraint system connects with solid clicks and an iron grip. Reaching, she pushes a button inside the chamber and a small touch-screen rises out of a hidden side-compartment. Amy shows her how to navigate the simple menu, and soon she’s ready to test the device.
The immobilized android presses an icon and the chamber leans back farther until it’s positioned at a 90-degree-angle from vertical. Another command, and the lid closes, leaving her laying there like sleeping beauty, just waiting for a handsome prince to come along and wake her with a kiss! Finding Wil’s smiley face in the crowd, she offers a wink as Amy continues....
“When the time comes, the chamber will replace the atmosphere inside with an inert gas. This will prevent oxidations from occurring during the long voyage. When you decide to exit the chamber, there’s a 30-second delay so the precious gases can be evacuated, filtered, and used again next time.
Nyla brings the chamber back to vertical and floats out. “Hey, now that’s a bed I can get used too!” She says to a round of laughter. Wil restrains the impulse to tease about how she had better like it, with all the time she’ll be spending in it! He realizes that a smartass comment like that, might cause some to rethink going on such a ludicrously long mission. It’s still not too late for any of them to back out of the deal!
Amy floats towards the corridor. “Please, follow me.” She requests, as she leads them to visit other parts of the ship that are not filled with supplies. In the corridor, they pass a chamber that has a special looking hatch, and symbols printed on it. Among them is one indicating biological materials, and another relating to cryogenics. Amy briefly stops.
“This is one of 8 cryo-preservation freezers on the ship.” She informs clinically. “You may have even noticed a similar looking hatch when you were on the bridge. With a little luck, you will never have to break the seal on any of them until it’s time to shake-n-bake,” She jokes facetiously about the main objective of the mission.
She escorts the space pioneers through several levels of the ship. Nearly 95% of the useable compartments, are filled with the supplies necessary when they reach Oberon Prime, or wherever their destination ends up.
One level above the bridge, Amy leads them into the android sick bay. Even androids, have bad days at the office now and then! It’s packed full of sophisticated testing and repair technology any robotics engineer would be envious of.
When she runs out of compartments to show, the lovely chief engineer decides to head back to the bridge and see if their transport had arrived yet. While she checks on that, the rest of the group is looking at the monitor, noticing another SPS traveling past. Amy also notices, informing. “That’s SPS Delta. She’ll be docking with the Cecilia Payne.”
To the viewer of the circular monitor, it seems like they’re looking out an actual window, instead of from inside of a fortified bunker, buried deep within millions-of-tons of ice and metal. The group of androids are happy to see that all four ships have safely made the transit from Earth. Amy is happy to see that the transport had finally arrived and is waiting. She gathers her charges, herding them towards the main airlock.
As they float out of the bridge, Nyla is becoming anxious for the visit to the space station. It’s twice the size of the one in Earth orbit. There is artificial gravity there and she looks forward to kicking some android butt at the handball courts!
The transport is not huge, but the many androids pile in and find places to hover. Just as the hatch is closing, Eric arrives, wanting to go with. Apologizing for being late, he takes position among the heavy hitters, hoping to not be crushed during the flight!
Wil sits in the right-hand seat as first officer, while Captain Herschel takes the left. Nyla fits comfortably in the observer’s position that’s located just behind the two pilots, strapping herself in for the ride.
After a pre-flight checklist is completed, Amy disengages the transport from the airlock, maneuvering it away from Einstein’s immense bulk. As they travel around the imposing vessel, they see that SPS Charlie is being removed from the cargo airlock.
He’ll soon join the many other vessels in the graveyard, awaiting destruction. Nyla and Wil are sad to see their proud, capable spacecraft, being disposed of in such a fashion, but they also realize it will serve a higher function someday.
Nyla is intrigued to observe how Amy handles the spacecraft. Over the years, she had learned a lot from watching humans, and hopes that she has learned enough to make a difference. The journey to the space station is uneventful. Soon, Captain Herschel gives Wil a task. “Wil, contact operations and obtain docking instructions.”
“Aye Aye, captain.” He responds smartly, transmitting on a pre-adjusted frequency. “Operations, this is transport 42; do you copy?”
“Transport 42, this is operations, I read you five by five. Go ahead.”
“Yes, hello operations.” Wil greets friendlily. “Request permission to dock and come aboard the station; over.”
“Permission granted.” The gentle female voice announces. “Please dock at bay 23, and check with the hanger supervisor if there are any maintenance issues. Have a nice day; over.” The woman instructs, politely. 
“Bay 23. Thanks operations. Have a nice day.” Wil echoes her sentiment, noticing his captain had heard the docking instructions. They would not be entering the stations hanger bay, but instead will lock onto one of the hub’s exterior hatches.
After the docking procedure completes, the many astronauts float through the airlock towards the elevator that will take them to the outer ring of the station. First, Amy redirects them into a side passage that leads to the maintenance hangar and research laboratories.
“As long as we’re here, you folks might as well have the dollar tour.” She announces smilingly. “Many breakthroughs in human medical science, has come out of the labs you are about to see.” She informs proudly, as the group eagerly floats behind her.
Approximately 1,000-feet away in sickbay, Dylan Conrad is absorbing the bad news from his physician. The doctor tries to relate the terminal prognosis in as kind a fashion as possible. It’s not something that can be sugarcoated. He realizes that there’s only one thing in the universe that truly matters now; His family....
After leaving medical, Conrad makes his way back to his lonely room. He sits quietly at a tiny desk next to his bed, working up the courage to communicate with the monster who promises to make life better for his wife and children; if only he does the unimaginable!
He strongly suspects that this is the man who tried unsuccessfully to destroy Higgs-Boson Airfield. Having failed that attempt to stop the doctor, he’s now focusing his demented efforts for destruction upon him.
Conrad is not a man of great mental prowess. Also, he is neither religious, nor overly superstitious. His life had always revolved around a selfish notion of ‘what can the universe do for me’, so now that his life is crumbling, it becomes much easier for him to do this terrible deed. His blood runs cold!
Reaching for his data-pad, he transmits that he’s willing to accept the offer; provided he receives proof that his family has been relocated to a better way of life and with the money that was promised.
Also, that the predatory people in Las Vegas will be dealt with properly. Short of all that, there would be no deal, and the old man with the disguise, could go to hell! He didn’t add that last part.... Somehow, he knew that the man was already in hell, and had been living there for most of his miserable life!
In a small office at CIA headquarters, Ethan Marcus looks over the shoulder of intelligence officer Cathy Hutton. “Are you absolutely sure, Cathy?” He inquires intensely, keeping focus on the critical information that she had just intercepted.
“Yes sir, it’s unmistakable. These signals,” she points out part of a carrier-wave on the monitor in front of her, “are all from the communications between earth and the Martian space station. Here in this part of the graph, there’s an embedded signal that’s not part of the Sohn communications system. That’s our bad guy.”
“How soon before you’ll know what the communication says?” He asks, expectantly.
“Well, I’ve sent the carrier wave to the labs, but it might prove to be a tough nut to crack. Well, in a few minutes I’ll at least know where on earth the signal originated.” She says, with hope, and a gleam in her eyes.
Ethan already has a good idea of where the parasitic signals are coming from. The copilot of the failed helicopter attack has finally woken from his coma and is talking. Also, other intelligence is pointing to a hardened criminal type in the Ukraine.
This is the type of person who has the resources to play from behind the scenes, while remaining relatively safe from outside prosecution if he’s exposed. If Ethan’s suspicions are proven correct; there will be hell to pay, no matter where this person or group hides!
On the space station, Amy has completed the tour of the hub area, and realizes her android friends are anxious to feel gravity once again. She is certainly ready! .... “I hope you all enjoyed our little tour of the hub area. Please follow me, and I’ll take you to the most comfortable part of the station.” She informs, floating towards the elevators.
There’re three elevator cars that each accommodate 20 people. So, they get situated and strap themselves into the upside-down seats. This seating arrangement will be necessary when they arrive at the gravity section of the station.
It takes 35-minutes to travel the distance. Everyone enjoys the centrifugal forces that wash over their bodies as they travel closer to the rotating outer-ring, where a full g-force rules!
Rod from god!
Cruising at 48,000-feet, Carter pushes Bessie to her limits! He and Tina have been flying anxious passengers from Belize City since early morning and are now within 130-miles of Washington International Airport and still cruising at 930-mph.
Far below, sonic shockwaves bath the planet as Bessie rips the rarified air. The two passengers in the cabin never thought retirement would be anything like this!
“Tina, please be a dear, and obtain permission for a descent 5,000-feet.”
“Aye Aye, Captain Carter!” Tina belts it out! She rarely has the chance to address him as captain, since they retired to Belize and basically went off the grid.
As she’s doing that, Carter makes a call to his passengers in the cabin. “Good morning doctor. Good morning Shirley. We’re about to make a steep descent into Washington DC airspace. Please put on your seatbelts, if you haven’t already done so.” He politely advises.
Pulling back on the throttles and pushing the yoke forward, Bessie quickly loses speed and altitude as she enters into the most restricted airspace in the nation at just under the speed of sound. Carter takes greater caution than usual, since there are actually more than just the four of them on the aircraft.
Tina isn’t showing yet, but she’s six weeks along, with twin boys. So, Carter is reluctant to have too much fun during the flight. That, plus Max and Shirley are in no mood for a joyride! The flight was expedited due to an urgent request by President Morris only four-hours earlier.
In fact, the request was so urgent, that Jenna authorized Carter to exceed the sound barrier whilst over U.S. airspace. Luckily, much of the flight was over open water, so the excessive velocity didn’t matter very much.
While over land, Bessie only rattles windows, due to her extreme altitude. This pleases Carter to no end! He hopes to never again shake the ground like he did not so long ago while frantically exiting Albuquerque airspace in search of the bomb.
Upon landing and taxiing to a hanger that Jenna’s people had arranged, the visitors from Belize, disembark Bessie just as a military chopper lands a short distance away. A limousine pulls up, whisking them off to the idling machine.
Within minutes of landing in Washington DC, the six from Belize are back in the air, and on their way to another landing.... on the back lawn of the White House.
After landing, two secret service agents greet the doctor and his friends as they exit the aircraft. It’s just a short walk across the beautifully manicured lawn, before entering the back entrance of the ancient building.
Making their way to the oval office, Jenna Morris is there to greet them. By the dark look on her face, the doctor knows she’s experiencing a perplexing problem.
“Thank you for arriving so soon, Max.” She says, giving him a warm hug.
“Of course, my dear lady. I wouldn’t keep you waiting, for all the tea in China!” He responds cheerfully, as they enter the oval office, where another man is already seated on the couch.
“Hello Ethan.” The doctor greets, adding as they shake hands. “My, this must be very important indeed, to get you out of your office before dark!” Max jokes, but for the life of him, he couldn’t figure out what exactly is going on. He begins to get a sinking feeling in his stomach, as he and the others sit.
“Good afternoon Max.” Ethan greets, nodding to Tina and Carter, who take seats at the side.
Jenna, closes the door, crosses to the couch and sits between Max and Shirley. She turns her attention to the doctor. “Max, like I said on the phone, there is no actual threat against the mission that we know of for sure, but I’m hoping you took my advice and bolstered security efforts at Mars just in case.” She states, rather than asks. Adding....
“Ethan has information that couldn’t be relayed to you over the phone.” She gives Ethan the floor and sits back.
“Max, two days ago,” Ethan informs, “my people discovered a parasitic carrier signal that’s allowing unauthorized communications between earth and the Martian space station using Sohn Space Systems own secure software.” Pausing, he tries to gage the doctor’s reaction.
“Oh my, well that can’t be good!” Max says with surprise. “I’m guessing from this rushed meeting, that you’ve found out more about it.” He looks from Ethan to Jenna.
“Well, yes Max we did, and you’re not going to like this one bit.” Ethan gives warning, continuing before Max can react. “After untangling the convoluted route that the perpetrator took in order to remain undetected, we’ve found the origin of the signal, but not the contents as of yet.” He informs of a half-success.
“Max, the origin of the transmissions come from a tiny town located in a remote region of Ukraine. The name associated with the estate where the signals are coming from, is Andre Pavlov Cherblinsky. Do you recognize this name, Max?” Ethan inquires, even though he already knows the answer.
Max is visibly stunned! He hadn’t heard that name spoken in nearly 50-years and had for a long time considered the person dead. The man Ethan mentioned, is suspect numero-uno in the wicked murder of his fiancé, 56-years-earlier.
After he won a bid for building the space station that still orbit’s the Earth, one of the other contractors who didn’t win, swore to get revenge on the American who stole it from him. Soon after, his beloved was dead. The doctor couldn’t prove anything, or even touch Cherblinsky, because he remained inside a country that was impossible to penetrate!
With fiery eyes, Max gives reply. “You know very well, Ethan; that I’ve had dealings with this individual in the past! I’ve never been able to get over the part where he murdered my Emma back in 2183. I can’t believe that I’m even hearing that name again! I’ve made myself believe he was dead!” The doctor relates excruciatingly. “Just what in the world is he up to this time?!”
“Well, all we can determine is that his people are communicating with someone at Mars. The signal could be going to the planet, space station or even another spacecraft just outside of sensor range. Every transmission is heavily encrypted, and slipperier than an electric eel!” He admits, adding....
“Even though the hack was discovered, we’re still not sure what kind of destruction, if any, he may have been able to arrange. Also, we’re highly confident that he’s the one who orchestrated the attempted thermonuclear attacks.”
Jenna joins the report. “Max, four days ago, the survivor of the failed strike against you, recovered from a coma and provided us with some crucial information concerning this man and his iron-fisted tactics.” Jenna informs and looks over at Carter, adding with a warm smile.
“Thanks Carter, for not killing that man when you had the chance. A human may have done so, under those circumstances. Anyway, he’s provided us with substantial information. All, in return for a life-sentence, instead of death.”
Carter perks, as Jenna pays him attention. “It was my pleasure, Madam President.” Before he can say anything more, the doctor interjects with a question. “Iron-fisted? .... Jenna, you mentioned iron-fisted .... what, may I ask did you mean by that?”
“Well, the survivor spoke of an emblem that identifies the man’s organization. It consists of an iron-fist, clenching lightning bolts into submission.” She informs halfheartedly; not knowing how this could mean anything to the doctor.
The doctor’s poor heart, skips! His aged mind absorbs the electricity-coated information. He looks at Jenna with a shocked expression, relating his own encounter with that exact design, 56-years earlier.
“Jenna, that same symbol was discovered at the scene of Emma’s demise! It was the only thing printed on the calling card found next to her body. I was never able to prove a link until now.” He holds back hot anger.
He had entertained the thought that this person was involved with that terrible attempt on Higgs-Field, but now that the dominoes are lining up. Many of his worse fears are becoming a reality! Glancing from Jenna to Ethan, he inquires desperately....
“What can be done about it? This man is trying very hard to ruin my life, and that of many others! While at the same time, being protected by a country that’s antagonistic to our very way of life! It all seems so hopeless!”
Jenna stands, trying to formulate just the right words. “Now Max, I know your feelings concerning capital punishment, but I’m hoping that after current events, you’ve developed some leeway. Because there actually is something that we can do about this miserable monster.” She informs, bringing the doctors lowly mood, up a few notches from rock-bottom, adding....
“It must be done very soon, or we risk losing the target. And you, above everyone else, knows just how elusive this man can be. Our assets in the region, tell us that he’s holed up in his estate. His food, other supplies, and even his expensive booze is delivered. In this way, he limits exposure to his many enemies.”
Now, Max perks up even more! He had always been against capital punishment, but this man had been pushing his buttons for so long, and with such venomous hatred, that he’s now willing to listen to reason. “My dear Madam President, .... just what are you proposing?”
Jenna defers explanation to the expert in the room; Ethan Marcus. “Ethan, won’t you please inform Max about the plan?”
“Yes. Thank you, Madam President.” He glances at the four from Belize. “I’m sure I don’t have to say this, but I must. What I’m about to tell you, can never be repeated outside of this room.” He warns, and after obtaining nods of agreement from all, including Jenna, he continues. “Max, have you ever heard of a term; ‘rods from god’?”
Max’s eyes widen. “Well as a matter of fact, yes I have. But it’s been many years since I’ve heard that moniker.” He absently reports, while realizing the gravity of the question.
“Ethan, I’m going out on a limb here, and ask if you’re hinting that the military has deployed such a weapons-platform in Earth’s orbit?” He asks incredulously, as Carter perks up even more than before! ‘Things are getting interesting around here’, he thinks!
“Well yes Max, that assumption is accurate.” Ethan admits. “As you know, weapons treaties forbid nuclear weapons being placed in orbit. However, there has never been such limitation applied to kinetic weapons.” He informs, adding....
“Over the years, ‘Project Thor’ has become a reality that the United States has seldom had to use, and has never been caught doing so, I might add. In orbit, right now, is a weapons-platform utilizing 40-foot-long, 2-foot-diameter, tungsten alloy rods as kinetic weapons.” He explains with a gleam in his eyes, adding....
“With a push from powerful rockets, these multi-ton poles can destroy just about any target on the planet, with the force of a tactical nuclear weapon. Also, they leave no telltale radiation footprint in the crater. It’s the perfect way to make this malignant creature go away, Max.” As he finishes, he can tell that the gravity of his statement has had a profound effect on everyone.
Before Max can reply, Jenna speaks. “Now Max, I just want to be clear. I didn’t ask you to join this meeting, so that we might obtain your blessing on this issue. The United States is sending this man off to see his maker, and I just wanted you to know the facts, before I act. So, don’t ever feel guilty about allowing a person’s life to end, just because you might have wished it so.” She accepts full responsibility for the actions to come.
Max, paces before replying. “Madam President, I wish to thank you from the bottom of my heart, for divulging such sensitive information to me and my associates. You and I have been friends for a long time, and this simply reaffirms such a bond between us. I firmly believe that humanity will be much better off, with this monster gone!” He responds heartfeltidly.
Taking Jenna by the hands, he pulls her to her feet, offering a warm hug. He knows how busy she and Ethan are, so he doesn’t allow his welcome to become worn. Thanking his good friends in government, he gathers his companions and heads back to the waiting helicopter, and a continued retirement. All the while, wondering what the man had conjured up this time!
Ethan....   Well.... Ethan dials a number with great satisfaction!
Thousands of miles away, it’s been dark for several hours in the remote countryside of Ukraine. The man sits in the parlor with Vladimir. They wait for a reply from Mars.
After a few visits to the booze locker, they’re rewarded with an incoming transmission. The man’s patience wears thin, as Vladimir deciphers the text. “So, it’s all set then, Vlad? This Conrad agrees to my plan?”
Vladimir completes his decryption magic, and there’s good news for the man! “Yes sir, here’s his reply.” Vladimir proudly informs as he hands-over the data-pad. With the rarest of smiles, the man directs Vladimir to complete the money transfer into Mrs. Conrad’s dark bank account. He may be a murderer and worse, but at least he’s a man of his word!
“Well Vlad, she won’t be hurting for money anytime soon.” The man jokes, as glasses are clinked, and a near-lethal quantity of expensive vodka hits the spot just right! The man refills the glasses. It’s time to celebrate, he figures!
“Yes sir, provided she stays away from Las Vegas.” Vlad jokes back, and they have a great laugh!
At that moment, 5,000-miles above their heads, a brooding cube-shaped-object orbits in the frozen vacuum at 22,000-mph. On the side of the lonely cube, a small spiral hatch silently glides open. With a magnetic push, a fat metal pole is forcefully expelled. Quickly, it gains terrible energies, as it fills with deadly inertia!
Soon after clearing the cube, a pillar of flame erupts from its aft end, accelerating it to an incredible velocity towards its final destination, far below.
As the pole speeds into the planet’s voracious gravity-well, it encounters air-molecules that heat the pointed tip to a white-hot glow. As it penetrates further into the thickening atmosphere, a shockwave forms ahead of the tip as it drops at more than 30,000-mph towards the dark Ukrainian countryside!
Shortly after it emerges from the worst of the entry friction, computers onboard once again acquire signal-lock from military global-positioning satellites. Tiny fins fine-tune its deadly passage through the atmosphere, as it acquires a bullseye for its own destruction.
The man, hands the data pad back to Vladimir, reaching for his drink. He makes a toast for the destruction of Sohn’s dream; and the two men take the last drinks in their miserable lives!
The night is calm and pleasant outside the estate, when suddenly a bright streak of light emerges from low hanging clouds, illuminating the surrounding countryside with intense white light!
For a brief time, the night morphs into the brightest of days! It takes less than a second for the white-hot-rod to reach the rooftop above the parlor where the men are putting bottoms up.
As the device nears the rooftop, a shockwave ahead of the tip causes the tiles and underlying structure to disintegrate! The weapon enters the estate without physically touching anything!
With unimaginable speed and violence, the rod from god enters the parlor where the two men enjoy their last swallow, waiting for the burn.
Without even knowing they’re already dead, the shockwave from the speeding pole, vaporizes them into clouds of pink mist as it passes on its way to the center of the planet. Or at least, that’s what it tries to do!
Instead, the powerful weapon penetrates 175-feet into the soil and bedrock below the house, where rapid deceleration causes it to fragment and explode!
When the massive tungsten pole disintegrates, the ensuing energy release causes thousands of tons of surrounding material to also vaporize. The resulting void under the estate, collapses into itself and the building is swallowed, pulverized, and buried for all eternity and a day!
The man of the iron-fisted lightning bolts leaves the universe as the rod-from-god satiates its vengeful hunger! The resulting shockwave reverberates throughout the planet. It rings the Earth like a bell and is measured by every seismic instrument across the globe!
In the morning, the people of the region will talk about the white light that came from the sky, just a moment before the earth quaked, and the night roared from what seemed like the loudest thunder any of them had ever heard in their lives!
Many windows will have to be replaced, and some will notice that a beautiful estate that used to be on the hill, that’s no longer a hill, has also disappeared. Nothing remains, except for a 450-foot-diameter, cratered piece of land that will soon become a new fishing hole in the rural community.
While the man is no more, his plan for destruction remains. Because you see, the rod-from-god is too little, and way too late!
The dastardly con-job!
The elevator ride to the outer ring of the station, bumps to a stop. Nyla is closest to the door as it opens. “Hey lugnuts! Stop pushing!” She exclaims over her shoulder.
 With her attention diverted, she totally bulldozes a frail, sickly man who was waiting just beyond the doors! With a bone-crushing impact, he launches from the deck, landing hard on his back, 6-feet away!
Now, when Nyla flattens a human, as sometimes happens during handball matches, they usually stay flattened for a considerable time! But this man is getting up like nobody’s business! As if possessed, he won’t take a measly flooring as deterrent to making forward progress!
She moves quickly to help. “I’m so sorry, sir! I couldn’t stop in time.” She admits, trying to ascertain if the man is injured. She’s pretty sure he hadn’t been knocked flat like that in a long time, if ever!
“Are you injured sir?” She asks worriedly.
The man winces as he stands. He’s wearing a jumpsuit that has a maintenance-themed patch on his chest, along with a name that Nyla notices. With some real effort, as if he still can’t quite catch his breath, he replies curtly before continuing into the elevator.
“I’m fine, I’m fine! Get out of my way! .... I’m late!” He angrily retorts as he pushes past the exiting androids. Soon, he’s alone in the elevator and the doors close; leaving Nyla wondering if he’s going to be okay.
Everyone is stunned. None had ever seen a man in such dire condition. “Amy, do you know that gentleman?” Nyla asks.
“I only know him from sight. Seems the last time I saw him, he was much more robust. I hope he’s okay.”
“Yes, the poor fellow!” Nyla sympathizes. “It seems he should be in medical, instead of going down there. I can’t imagine what would draw his attention to such an unforgiving and inhospitable place as the hub while in that condition.”
She reluctantly joins back with the group, putting the matter to the back of her mind, but is subconsciously upset with how that man just didn’t seem right. That, something was wrong with that picture!
Perhaps it was the tone he used in his angry reply, that made her feel an emotion she had never felt before. If press, she would describe it as severe trepidation!
“Over here we have the cafeteria.” Amy informs. “I’m pretty sure you folks won’t be interested in such a place, so we’ll continue on.” She surmises incorrectly.
Nyla wants to see the view from the large portal windows in the compartment. They offer the best observation of the beautiful red planet. So, the group enters, becoming the most popular people in the room!
Many have questions for the androids in a wide range of subjects. Amy wonders just how she can regain control, so they might continue, but gives them the leeway they desire. After all, they’re sacrificing everything to help humanity, so who is she to give them the bums rush!
Wil stays with Nyla as she gazes absent-mindedly into the endless void beyond. Thoughts about the sickly man, keep slipping back into her circuits. Like a spectral mist, a bad premonition forms, but is unfocused; just beyond her ability to grasp its meaning.
“My dear.” Wil, puts his arm around her shoulder, holding her tightly. “Don’t worry so much about things you can’t control. That man will be okay.”
“I don’t think so, Wil. I can’t put my circuits on it, but I just don’t think so.” She responds.
Before long, her companions tire from skylarking out the portals, and the humans seem to be running out of questions. So, the group trickles back into the commons area once again, where they join up with their lovely guide. 
Amy keeps count of every android leaving the cafeteria and soon reaches the desired number. She herds them along the corridor that circumnavigates the station. Along the way, she describes the different shops and entertainment that’s offered to the workers.
“Over here is the stations auditorium. Movies, lectures, even plays now and then are offered. We might be millions of miles from home, but we don’t get bored!” She exclaims laughingly.
“Now, what say we pay a visit to our operations department. Everything that happens on the station is organized and approved from there. You might find it interesting.”
With his head feeling cracked like an egg, Conrad realizes that the woman who stampeded him into the ground, must be one of those damned robots! She and the others are probably the very same who the man has paid him to destroy!
Venomously blaming them for his new pain, he’s sure they deliberately pushed that bulldozing juggernaut into him as a funny joke! Seething, he wonders why Sohn would ever build such monsters in the first place! Well, they’ll pay the piper, he vows silently. They’ll pay the piper a full measure!
Conrad uses his most recent pain to focus his rage on destroying those infernal machines. This way, he doesn’t have to think about the innocent human lives that are about to be lost. People he has worked with for nearly 2-years.
As he moves away from the rotating section, he feels his weight decreasing. Soothingly, it allows him to better focus on the grisly deed before him. His wife had sent word that his big win had arrived, saving the family from starvation. At the time, she was too ecstatic to try and put such a large sum into perspective.
So, with the comfort of knowing that the man had honored his end of the deal; he can now proceed with his part of the unholy bargain. Not ever realizing that the man was no longer even in this universe! No longer alive! A crueler irony is hard to imagine!
Arriving at the station’s hub, he floats to the main entrance of the hanger, hoping his security card is still active. Here, many different types of small spacecraft are stored and maintained. Holding his breath, he swipes his card through a reader on the doors control panel.
To his immense relief, the security system recognizes his card, allowing entry! He can’t believe his luck, and stealthily moves toward the maintenance staging-area where his locker and space suit are located.
The area is quiet, as most have gone to the outer ring to see the latest group of monsters who had stampeded him and cracked his skull!
The staging area is empty, although there’s workers at the far end of the hanger who’re oblivious to anything outside their work area. He takes advantage of this good luck. Quickly donning his space suit, he floats off to one of the many airlocks for externally docked ships.
Another hurdle comes and goes, as he successfully gains access to the airlock, finding an all-purpose utility spacecraft ready and waiting. He quickly boards the vessel and closes the hatch. At this point, Conrad is a bundle of nerves.... a dollar steak, as he tries to calm.
Hovering just inside the ships inner hatch, he removes his helmet. Beads of perspiration break from his forehead, slowly floating into the interior of the ship. He would normally be concerned about that, but now it’s something that didn’t matter one little bit!
He had more important things to worry about as he gradually gains focus for the grisly job at hand. Noticing that his breathing has returned to a more normal cadence, he floats into the cockpit, strapping himself into the captain’s seat.
Turning on power, he enters commands into the flight management computer, overriding any security protocols that might come up. He didn’t have authorization for this little trip and didn’t need to advertise the serious breach of regulations.
He didn’t have authorization to override the maglocks holding the ship to the station. If he can’t persuade operations to release the ship, he’ll be forced to use plan-b. While plan-b is a good plan, he knew that it would bring much less destruction!
He’s thankful the utility ships didn’t use video systems, as he works up the nerve to call operations, hoping against hope that Zyrian is on duty. He could usually sweet-talk her into certain breaches of protocol. “God, I need a drink!” He complains and keys the mic. “Operations, this is maintenance-ship 18; over.”
“MS-18; go ahead.” Zyrian, answers sweetly.
Conrad can’t believe his good fortune! “Hello Zyrian, this is Dylan Conrad. Long time no speaky.” He greets with his sweetest tone. His head feels like it’s going to split the rest of the way open any second, but he must hang in there a little longer! Zero gravity only accentuates the horrible pain. Those damned infernal machines! He thinks viciously, as Zyrian answers.
“Well, if it’s not Dylan Conrad! How the hell are you; you old goat! I hear that you’ve been out of commission for a while. Are you back on duty now?” She asks nonchalantly.
“I’m slowly getting back into the swing of things Zyrian. How is my loveliest space traffic-controller doing these days?” Dylan, fights through his splitting headache!
“Oh, I’m fine Dylan, just fine thanks, except I don’t see your name on the maintenance log for today. What’s up with that?”
“Well, I have a re-qualification flight with the headmaster tomorrow, and I’m hoping you’ll be kind enough to release my ship, so I can practice some maneuvers.” He lays out his best lie, hoping it will melt a kind heart. “My inactivity may have made me a bit rusty, and I just want to be on top of my game for the re-qual.” Conrad, skillfully slides in a reason for her to have pity, hoping she’ll take it .... hook, line, and sinker!
Inside operations, Zyrian struggles with her knowledge of the rules regarding unauthorized flights. She knows very well, that they happen often enough to warrant a small bit of concern. But if she could help a friend qualify for flight status, what harm could it do, she figures. Calling back, she has good news for the murderous scoundrel.
“Okay Dylan.... Please promise you won’t make a scene out there and get me in trouble .... Promise?” She asks concernedly.
“I promise young lady .... I promise.” He repeats his lie with the best fake-sincerity he can muster! He knows if she doesn’t release his ship soon, the maintenance technicians will be returning, and he’ll have a lot of explaining to do! If that happens, even plan-b will be out of reach, as his security-card is yanked.
“I want you back within two hours. That’s when I get off watch. So please don’t lose track of time.” Zyrian instructs firmly, as she sends commands to the ship’s maglock.
“I won’t lose track, Zyrian. Thanks .... I owe you one!” He promises another lie through the incredible pain and feels the magnet release! He’s now free to fulfill the last task of his miserable life! Backing out and away, he travels into the cold, unforgiving space beyond.
For a moment, as his vessel glides into the void, he forgets his troubles. His mind reverts to a kinder, gentler past, when he might very well be going out to do the station some good. It doesn’t take long to remember those damn tin-can robots, and the mess that the universe got him into! Reaching, he turns off the ship’s transponder.
“Let them find me now!” He mumbles angrily as his long-time bitterness, blossoms into a flower of seething revenge.
With rage spooled-up hotly, he maneuvers towards the spaceship graveyard that’s located 8-cosmic-miles away. He’s glad that it’s not located too close to the starships, because the security in that region of space is tighter than anywhere else in the solar system!
His plan would be cut to pieces by lasers, before he could do anything meaningful. As it is, he must avoid the roving security-satellites that have their own laser systems. While less powerful than the ones protecting the starships, they still pose a serious threat to the successful completion of his murderous task!
With a monitor full of approaching derelicts, he maneuvers like a pro through a jumble of retired spacecraft and other retired equipment. After a few minutes of searching, he sees his goal. It’s parked on the far edge of the graveyard.
Carefully maneuvering, he aligns his airlock with that of the frozen derelict. However, it hasn’t been that way for very long. He notices the name of the vessel that’s printed next to the airlock and is soon docked successfully with SPS Charlie!
Upon gaining entrance, Conrad floats over a sea of seat assemblies on his way to the navigation console. Taking a deep breath for extra good luck, he flips the power switch. Amazingly, the ship comes to life! With a flurry of clickity-clacks, electrical relays energize the many consoles in the ship.
He breathes a sigh of relief that technicians hadn’t yet removed the ships internal batteries! Apparently, there’s just too much going these days, for anybody to worry about such efforts until the starships are on their way.
The first thing he does after that, is turn off the ships transponder like he had done on his own puddle-jumper. With any luck, they won’t know what hit them until it’s too late!
He analyzes the different systems important to his task. Navigation is operational, and he allows it to synchronize with the Martian GPS satellites. He notices the propellant levels for the ship’s thrusters are adequate for his short flight, and to his surprise, the fuel tank still has some juice for the main engine!
This added bonus, will create greater inertia as he plows Charlie into the station. He allows his irrational hatred of the androids to peak, as he focuses on killing every last one of them that mowed him down! He knows that a full-steam, head-on-ram into the delicate structure, will fulfill his end of the bargain with the crazy bastard back on Earth!
He thanks his lucky stars that Charlie isn’t boxed in, as he manually uses thrusters to push the bulky conveyance into open space. Just beyond the grouping of derelicts, he sees the space station off in the distance. It looks like a toy .... about the size of a silver dime held at arm’s length. He enters the coordinates for the deadly impact, and Charlie seems ready to obey.
Reaching he energizes the fuel pumps, holds his breath, thinks one more time about his family, and pushes the go button!
A heavy acceleration crushes his chest, pushing him hard into his seat! Fighting for breath, he notices the space station growing larger on the monitor .... Conrad, smiles a sick smile, thinking of those goddamned robots who are about to become destroyed tinker toys!
Back at the station, Amy enters operations with her entourage of earthling computers. Myles Nolan, supervisor on duty, is thrilled at having Doctor Sohn’s miracle-machines, liven up what promises to be just another boring day at the office.
“Welcome!” Myles greets excitedly. “I hope Amy is giving you the dollar tour.” He jokes, relishing each handshake. Yet when shaking Nyla’s hand, he notices an angst which none of the others had. “My my, young lady! You seem as though something is bothering you this fine day!”
Wil speaks up. “Nyla, I know what’s bothering you, so please ask Myles if he knows anything about that man.” He is sure he’s giving her the courage necessary to possibly embarrass herself.
In a thoughtful manner, she relates her concern. “It’s very nice to meet you, Myles. And yes, I do have something on my circuits. Something that might be serious. Are you familiar with a maintenance person on this station by the name of Conrad?” She asks, using the name on the man’s jumpsuit.
“Yes, I’m familiar with that name.” Myles says, adding. “He’s been out of commission lately while battling a serious illness. Why do you ask?” His curiosity is peaked.
Nyla briefs him about the incident at the elevator, and Conrad’s rude behavior. Suddenly heating, she wishes she could go back in time, and knock him flat again .... Permanently!
Before Myles could respond, a woman sitting at a nearby console interrupts their conversation. “Myles, I released a ship for Conrad about thirty-minutes ago. He said he needed to practice maneuvers for re-qualification.” She cringes! Such a breach in regulations is going to bite her in the ass!
“What?!” Suddenly, a boring day at the office, is quickly morphing into a possible nightmare! Calling medical, he learns the bad news.
“No sir. We haven’t released Mister Conrad.” The doctor responds. “He should be in bed!”
“Okay, thanks doc.”
“Zyrian, get Conrad on the radio and demand he return to the station immediately!” Little did he know that Conrad is already coming back!
“No response.” Zyrian informs as tear start welling.
“It’s okay Zyrian.” Myles offers calmness. “Get ahold of perimeter security and fill them in. That’s all we can do from here. They’ll handle the issue for now.”
Zyrian breaks down, leaving Myles to call security himself. Nyla, places a sympathetic hand on her shoulder, feeling bad for the distraught woman. While android behavior is partially filtered during spool-up to reduce the human tool of deceit, she understands the phenomenon. It cuts deeply, when exposed to the light of day!
“Operations, this is the SS Cape Fear; do you copy?” The man calling, sounded more excited than he ought to be, so she puts him on speaker.
“SS Cape Fear, this is station operations; please identify.” She inquires through sniffles.
“Yes! .... Hello operations! .... My name is Magnus Teach, CEO of Lunar Hydro Solutions. I get the feeling that you folks are having yourselves a bit of an emergency.” Magnus announces excitedly. “I think I can help, but I need more information!” He informs while zooming the ships camera on a very large object heading towards the space station.
Myles reaches, keying the radio. “Mister Teach, please do not concern yourself with our situation! We have security working on it as we speak! Stand down and move away from the area until this matter is cleared up.” The last thing Myles needs is some hotshot thinking he has all the answers, and probably making things worse!
Well, .... let it be forever known that Magnus E. Teach, is anything but a hotshot! .... And he has no patience for people who don’t give him a chance to explain!
“I didn’t get your name sir.” Magnus retorts. “Whomever you are, you shouldn’t be so quick to look a gift horse in the mouth! I’m watching a very large spacecraft moving fast towards the station as we speak!” He transmits a photo of the beast, soon to ram the station.
SPS Charlie, is making a beeline for the space station, and still has a smaller spacecraft attached to its airlock. Magnus is sure that this vessel is the target of everyone’s concern, and there isn’t much time for anything, except to ignite the main engines and see what he can do!
Aiming and leading the target as best he can, he pushes the fears throttles to the firewall! With a painful push on his chest, the spacecraft accelerates hard into the battle zone!
“Operations, this is Captain Teach of the Cape Fear! Please put the woman with the friendly attitude back on; because I have breaking news!”
“Mister Teach, this is Zyrian Shaw, please go ahead; over.” She tries to remain calm, but her voice cracks.
“Hey Zyrian!” Magnus, squawks while fighting the heavy g’s. “I hope you folks received that photo I sent, because I think this is the guy you’re looking for. He’s on a collision course with the station! ..... I’m coming in hot, to see if I can change his trajectory.” He informs, freezing Myles’s heart. “Wish me luck!”
Zyrian looks to Myles who seems as a deer in headlights. Shrugging her shoulders, she reaches and hits the stations panic-alarm for lockdown. Alarms, blare murderously! Myles comes back from the abyssal depths of shock, regaining focus.
“Zyrian, please tell him good luck from all of us on the station!” Suddenly, a stab of fear runs cold through his veins, as the gravity of the quickly unfolding situation hits home!
“Mister Teach, we wish you the very best of luck!” Putting hands over her face, she sobs uncontrollably!
“Now don’t you fuss about it, Miss.” Magnus offers strength in the face of death. “It’ll be okay .... But if I don’t make it, please tell my wife and son that I love me very much! .... I mean them, I love them very much!” Maniacal laughter speaks volumes of being in space way too long, and also the serious danger he fastly approaches!
“Also, tell my son to get a haircut and a job!”
Ahead, the malignant target that brought Nyla and Wil safely from Earth, has the Martian space station directly in its crosshairs!
Coming in hot!
Magnus E. Teach, is no braver than the average human being, but it irritates him to no end when a few jackasses try to ruin things for everyone else! And this idiot or idiots he’s closing with, is about to ruin what has taken more than 50-years to make happen!
Not to mention the lives at risk. His rage builds exponentially! Joining the unfolding conflict, he pumps himself up for a face to face with the Grim Reaper!
He’s coming in hot! .... Perhaps too hot to handle! If he misses....
On SPS Charlie, Conrad remains focused on smashing into the space station; and nothing else. He’s totally oblivious to any external forces that may be forming to stop him!
The tiny amount of fuel for the main engines has run dry, so now it’s all up to the aft thrusters and his ability to keep the large spacecraft on track. He notices the station has doubled in size since he left the graveyard, so it won’t be long, he calculates grimly.
In operations, Nyla fears for the life of Magnus Teach. She knows he’ll need assistance after he does whatever he has planned for stopping or minimizing Conrad’s insane actions. She gets the attention of Myles Nolan. “Yes Nyla? Any ideas?” He asks, desperately.
“Well, yes and no, but I need a ship Myles.” She responds firmly. “Whatever you have available. I don’t know what Magnus has planned, but it’s going to happen quickly. If he survives, he’ll need all the help he can get. He’s risking his life in exchange for a chance at saving ours, so we owe him the same favor in return. Pleeeeeez!” She begs.... something she’s never before had to do. Her efforts melt Myles’s frozen heart!
“Okay young lady. What’s one more breach of protocol on such a fine day as this?” He jokes shakily, calling Amy over. “Amy, these two need an expedited escort to the hanger bay. I can’t order you to help, but I’m asking you.... Pleeeeeez!” He begs, but it’s not necessary because she’s more than happy to assist. Anything is better than standing around waiting for the icy touch of death!
They race for the hanger at full steam! Amy somehow manages to keep up and activates the emergency ludicrous-speed-setting on the elevator. It races towards the hub!
They leave behind, a group of androids and humans, that continue to search for a solution to the threat coming in from the frozen darkness. Actually, there’s little they can do, except hope Magnus pulls a cosmic rabbit out of his space helmet.
Conrad fine-tunes the ships deadly trajectory. Not an easy task with Charlie having a spacecraft locked onto its side, disrupting the delicate balance. Having failed to remove the small ship that brought him from the station, it’s now causing instability issues.
Now, he’s not a novice when it comes to maneuvering in space, so with grim determination he keeps control over the path of his deadly attack!
Suddenly, a brilliant luminance from behind! Turning his bulky space suit, he notices a ruby-red beam of energy cutting a path of destruction just 10-feet behind him! As it tears into the ship, trillions of tortured molecules reflect the light, revealing a deadly ray!
It cuts this way and that! Sending now loose seats, careening all over the place. Smoke! Smoke so thick, you could cut it with a laser beam! On his monitor, he sees a security drone working hard to rain on his parade! Luckily, within moments the beam stops, as power-levels drop on the little weapons-platform that could!
Now the floating seats are trying to do what the laser could not. Like giant evil flies at a one-person picnic, they move in to crack his already broken skull! He swats! He swats like he’s never swatted before! One gets through his defenses, bumping hard where it hurts the most! The pain sends him into orbit! His mind boils darkly! Oh! Won’t those infernal machines pay double!
Magnus sees that his target is rapidly closing with the station. As backdrop, the red planet watches the drama unfold. She has only one beloved space station; soon to be none!
Reaching up to a guarded-panel, he opens the cover, revealing controls for an ancient harpoon-drill-system that was used during decades long past, for mining asteroids.
When he first purchased the vessel, the harpoon-drill wasn’t operational. With loving nostalgia, he had it restored to showroom glory. He figured that to have a ship like this, and not have a major system non-operational, was tantamount to nostalgic disrespect.
He’s only used the system a few times for fun, and it had been a while since his last go. Flipping a switch, a targeting-screen appears on the ships main monitor.
Targeting lasers, reach out and find their mark on Charlie. Crosshairs appear over the vessel that’s encroaching rapidly on the space station. Magnus, gingerly tweaks the thrusters, leading the target just right to maintain a lethal strike!
The Cape Fear closes rapidly with the renegade spacecraft.... Targeting system, working like a charm! With the improvised weapon leading SPS Charlie just the right amount, he reaches to the firing button.
“Okay, you son of a simian, let’s see how you like my little friend!” He yells, pushing the firing button. With an audible thud, and heavy vibration, a 1,000-pound, 30-foot-long drilling-projectile is magnetically ejected from a tube located on the forward part of the Fear. A solid-fuel rocket motor ignites, quickly accelerating the harpoon to an incredible velocity, as it speeds towards its intended target!
Trailing behind the harpoon, a 1,500-foot-long-tether is connected to the mining ship. With his psyche in the grip of animalistic emotion, Magnus bellows a guttural exclamation he didn’t know he had in him!
Noticing that the harpoon is on track, his heart waits for the impact! With a massive amount of force, the device slams into and penetrates Charlie’s hull, right next to the tiny maintenance vessel attached to the side.
Inside Charlie, Conrad jumps from the shock that rattles his vessel to its very core! The harpoon entered the flight compartment just behind him, setting the evil flies in motion once again!
Instantly deploying wicked barbs, the harpoon gets an authoritative grip on Charlie. Magnus activates thrusters that push his ship in a hyperbolic arc around the rogue spacecraft.
The maneuver seems to be working, as the Cape Fear swings wide of impacting the other vessel. Yet, when the slack is taken out of the tether, both men experience a change of inertia that rattles their bones like they have never been rattled before!
On the Fear, Magnus’s medical chamber, which cost more than the entire ship, breaks loose from its mountings and smashes into a trillion pieces as it bounces violently inside its tiny compartment. Reverberating its anger, it releases the heavy inertia stored within its bulky mass.
Onboard Charlie, Conrad regains his seat, wiping blood from a gash on his forehead. The swarm of metallic flies are back, swooping in for an encore performance! Cursing like a sailor, he steers the ship with one hand, and swats with the other!
Both spacecraft are similar in mass, so when the Cape Fear pulls on the tether, Charlie is violently jerked onto a slightly different trajectory. The now joined-at-the-hips spaceships enter into a dance of death as they circle the new center of gravity that’s developed between their masses.
Magnus’s world spins, as he tries to judge which thrusters are the best ones for pulling the other ship clear of the station! Conrad’s universe crumbles, as he sees that he might not crash as planned!
The two spaceships are now out of control, but still moving towards the space station. Neither villain nor brave hero can tell if their efforts will pay off. If Magnus’s efforts are for naught, both ships will impact the station and he’ll actually be aiding and abetting Conrad’s murderous plan!
Inside both ships, each man makes a desperate decision, initiating thrusters on one side of their respective vessel in hopes of moving into a more favorable trajectory.
The ancient mining harpoon holds firm, as both ships dance around each other on a path that still seems to be holding true towards Conrad’s helpless target.
There’s now only 200-yards separating the station from the dancing duo, when Magnus notices his ship is starting to stabilize. Slowly, it pulls away from a direct impact!
As the Fear moves away, the harpoon tether pulls on Charlie, causing him to veer away from the most populated part of the station. Conrad also notices, cursing like he’s never cursed before! Blasphemies flow like wicked poison! Words come from his mouth that would make Satan blush, if he had to repeat them!
In operations, the view ports have rotated to a position where the humans and androids watch in horror, as the tangled spacecraft’s approach in a frenzied dance of impending doom!
Amy has successfully escorted Nyla and Wil to the hanger, where they float towards the airlock leading to their transport vessel. Loud alarms scream bloody murder, echoing throughout the cavernous hanger bay. There’s no time for donning space suits, but they each grab one anyway and move towards the airlock.
On their way, they see a group of technicians in the distant part of the hanger that are busily securing everything down that might become a missile hazard in the event of the unthinkable. With events unfolding so rapidly, none of the station personnel outside of operations, knows the particulars of the emergency. They can only hunker-down and hope for the best!
The monitor in front of Magnus, is completely full of oncoming space station, as the out of control duo streak past the edge of the gravity section! Terrified faces gaze out from many tiny portals. They flinch hard, as the Grim Reaper desperately reaches for them, but narrowly misses their compartments!
Nothing seems real to Magnus anymore! His equilibrium is totally out of whack from the chaotic spinning. He notices that one or even both ships are still going to make impact, but with everything happening so fast, he can’t get a grip on how serious it’s actually going to be.
As Amy and companions reach the first of the double airlocks, a terrible crash grips the hanger-deck! The hub-end at the far side is torn open! A horrific tempest of escaping air, grabs the maintenance technicians, sweeping them off their feet and into frozen void! They scream with their last breath, but nobody hears!
Outside, Charlie and the Fear have torn the structure in a glancing blow. Inside both ships, the pilots are knocked unconscious from such a vicious jolt! The impact rips a 10 by 20-foot-section of space station hub-end away from the surrounding structure.
At the same time, the Fear has swung on a violent arc, causing it to pull on the other ship in a fashion that takes them both away from the station.
Now, it seems the next impact will be with the red planet below. Magnus’s efforts have saved the station from what would have been a much worse disaster, but now his life is in toasty danger!
Both ships continue their dance of death. Totally entangled, they race for the next thing, leaving the space station ringing like a bell!
Inside of the hanger bay, air pressure drops precipitously, as the three would-be rescuers fight for their own lives. Amy frantically inputs commands into the airlock panel, as Nyla and Wil fight against the heavy volume of air, that the vacuum of space is claiming for its own!
Wil holds tightly to the edge of the airlock frame as his feet are pulled off the deck and towards open space. Like Gilligan grasping a coconut tree in a typhoon, he holds on for dear life! Two, of the three space suits they had with them, are let loose and pulled into the vortex of escaping air molecules.
Nyla, who’s already inside the first airlock with Amy, has protection from the onslaught of suction, but she quickly realizes that her shipmate is in dire straits! She reaches desperately, grabbing Wil by one of his steely arms. Pulling harder than she has ever pulled before, she’s able to bring him into the airlock and close the spiral hatch!
Now inside the first airlock, the three astronauts try to gain composure as the station vibrates from the impact. Amy’s breathing is labored. Fortunately, she soon has the hatch to the transport’s airlock open, and air pressure returns to normal.
She’s still gasping like a fish out of water, nearly unconscious as Nyla guides her into the transports passenger cabin and straps her in. Wil closes the hatch and makes a beeline for the flight deck where he floats into the left seat and turns on power.
In operations, people have been knocked off their feet, but at least not into space. As they regain balance and help each other up, Myles begins a frantic review of all the airtight compartments on the station. It doesn’t take him long to notice that there’s only one depressurization alarm going off, and its coming from the hanger bay!
At the same time that he’s thanking his lucky stars that the station has avoided a much larger disaster, he fears for the safety of Amy and her android companions. He’s soon relieved of this anxiety, as he hears Wil’s voice over a speaker at Zyrian’s communications console.
“Operations, this is Wil calling from the transport docked at airlock 23; do you copy?”
“Wil, this is Zyrian! Thank God you’re okay!” She exclaims. “Whenever you’re ready, just let me know and I’ll release the clamps; over.” She instructs tremblingly.
“Copy that Zyrian, thanks. Give me a moment.” He responds, analyzing the different systems so’s to not make an emergency double worse. It helps that he’d been in the right seat earlier, so soon he gets a feeling of familiarity and is ready to go find Magnus!
Things get even hotter!
Rounding the station, Wil swerves to miss bodies. They’re grotesque.... with bloated iciness, their features are forever frozen in horrific terror!
Soon, radar paints the fleeing meatballs and spaghetti. Charlie and the Cape Fear are impossibly embroiled in the harpoon tether in a lovingly yet deadly embrace. Wil, hits the gas, hoping he’s not too late!
Nyla, enters the flight deck, taking the right seat after strapping Amy into a cabin seat with an oxygen bottle. Amy, recovers nicely but wishes the bottle contained whisky instead!
“Welcome to the party, my dear. Thanks for saving my life back there!” Wil exclaims smilingly, adding. “Is our friend going to survive?”
“She’s going to survive, provided we don’t kill her with this rescue attempt! Also, it was my pleasure to save you. Think nothing more of it.” She responds heroically.
“Well, let’s just hope for the best. We owe Magnus, big time. He just saved our bacon, and perhaps even the entire mission.” Wil responds optimistically.
“Oh, of course we owe him big time. I wouldn’t have it any other way. I’m just worried for Amy is all. I was hoping to leave her behind in the hanger, before all hell broke loose.”
Ahead, they see the tangled duet growing larger as they tumble out of control, chaotically reflecting sunlight with flashes of brilliance.
Nyla’s, all over the radio, calling frantically! No answer as she wonders if they’re not following ghost ships to their fiery doom....
Magnus, twitches moaningly. Blood, oozes from a nasty head wound as he stirs. Focusing on the voice in his ears, he responds. “Nyla? .... Is that you? Where are you?” His head still spins as the rough and tumble continues without mercy!
“Hello Magnus! You sure have good timing my friend! Thanks for saving the station!” Nyla exclaims. “Wil and I are behind you in a transport. We’re closing with you fast. Do you have enough juice left in the thrusters to stabilize? Your ship is still tangled with the other!”
Squinting, she sees the registration marks on the side of the offending craft. She quickly realizes, that it’s none other than good old SPS Charlie! The very spacecraft that had brought her and Wil from Earth!
“I don’t have much left in any system, young lady!” Magnus exclaims with a head-pounding laugh. “But I’ll try to try!” He quips.... keeping his chin up.
Onboard the Fear, Magnus attempts to get a feel of how she’s moving. Being tangled with Charlie, creates unpredictable herky-jerky movements. It’s nearly impossible to calculate the best time to use the thrusters, so he simply discharges them chaotically, in hopes to shake loose. After several desperate discharges, the thrusters are dead!
“Did that help, Nyla?” He inquires hopefully while noticing Mars isn’t flying past his window, so often now.
“Yes, that did help, but is that all you’ve got?” She knows, that with the Cape Fear tangled with Charlie, even a healthy thruster system might be too taxed for any real usefulness. As Wil closes the distance, the red planet threateningly grows larger. His circuits heat at the thought!
“That’s all she has left, Nyla. Now, don’t you go and do anything stupid just for me! I knew the risk going in. I knew it would probably end badly, so please just let it play out. I only hope I made a difference back there.” He responds selflessly.
Wil, breaks in. “Hey Magnus! This is Wilber Sohn! Thanks for showing up when you did! You made a huge difference my friend! Thanks to you, hundreds of lives have been saved! Not to mention the mission itself! We’re not giving up yet, so don’t you either!”
With time running out, Wil calculates his best estimate of the Fear’s spin-rate. With expert precision honed by desperate measures, he begins a corkscrew maneuver that aligns with Magnus’s airlock. It’s a foolhardy move that borders on suicide, but that’s what Wil lives for! 
Magnus notices that the transport is no longer spinning past his window like before but has instead stabilized with the Fear in a cosmic dance. He can’t believe his eye’s, knowing in his heart that only a highly skilled computer, could possibly make such fine-tuned calculations! His hopes climb a notch.... just above hopeless desperation!
Even Nyla’s impressed with the way that Wil closed with the Cape Fear in such an exacting fashion. “You are definitely going to have to teach me that maneuver! You will you be able to dock with him, right?” She asks hopefully.
“I will if you help me, eagle eye. Now, I need you to read out the numbers, while I keep an eye on the docking alignment. Stay focused and we’ll get our friend out of that spinning tin-can, before Mars has us all for a hot-lunch.” He jokes in the face of death, as he tweaks the thruster controls, this way and that.
“Okay, Wil.... you’re lined up five by five.... another 2-feet.... doing good.... four.... three.... two....” Just then, a serious clank shakes the ship hard! On the overhead panel, a green light illuminates, telling of a successful docking! For all intents and purposes, the Cape Fear and transport are now one!
As the ships tumble, sinking ever closer to the thin Martian atmosphere, another voice is heard coming from the void. The jolt of docking brought the monster back to consciousness, and he has a question. “Hey, are you guys going to rescue me too?” Conrad asks desperately, his feeble voice trembling!
Wil was hoping to not hear anyone from the other ship, but now that he did, his circuits glow red, anger making a rare appearance. “We would, if you were worth saving!” He yells viciously, causing Nyla to wince. For Wil to raise voice in such fashion, speaks volumes of his broiling circuits!
“Enjoy what remains of your miserable life, you piece of human garbage!” He throws in for good measure, even surprising himself!
As for Dylan Conrad, saving him is quite impossible anyway. The pathetic fool had blocked his only exit from Charlie, with the maintenance ship.
Nyla releases her restraints and quickly regrets. With the ship now rotating, her journey to the airlock will be challenging, to say the least!
“Now don’t dilly-dally young lady, the hull temperature is rising rapidly.”
“Aye Aye, Captain Sohn!” She acknowledges with salute. Moving through the cabin, she sees Amy looking much better and giving a thumbs-up. Although, the rough and tumble through space, has left her looking a little green behind the gills.
Outside, the conjoined ships grow ever closer to a fiery death. With a ludicrous rate of descent, they fastly encroach upon the point of no return!
The harpoon cable constantly reaches for a grip on the latest victim, but frustratingly misses each time. Streaks of ionized plasma are forming along the more exposed portions of the ships delicate metal as they start to crunch molecules. None were designed for atmospheric entry. 
Inside the Fear, Magnus floats to his own airlock. He’s having the same difficulties as Nyla and claws his way with determination. Moving through the cabin, he somberly says goodbye to an old friend. He has sailed ‘The Fear’ for 10-years and has fond memories. She was a good ship and will be missed immensely! Upon locking inside the airlock, he waits for instructions.
Nyla mirror’s Magnus’s actions, except when she enters her airlock, she immediately starts evacuating air pressure, hoping Magnus doesn’t do the same.
“Magnus, use an override code if you have one! We don’t have much time!” She transmits while entering her own override that she witnessed Amy use earlier. With a swoosh, the outer hatch of the transport, spirals open invitingly, leaving her facing the Fears outer hatch.
She feels time dilate, as a second, stretches to an eternity! He circuits glow with heat, as the Fears hatch suddenly opens and Magnus sails past with assistance from differential pressure. Flailingly he smacks into the far side and rebounds.
Nyla is there to grab him, but the chaotic movement of the ship, proves more than she can handle. At nearly the same weight, the two heavy-hitters rock, rattle and roll inside the cosmic washing machine set on spin-cycle!
Like rag dolls played with too hard, they try to stop each other. At one point during the rough and tumble, Magnus gets a grip around Nyla’s mid-section and in this fashion, they enjoy their first face to foot meeting!
Closing the airlock hatch, Nyla radios. “Okay big boy; I’ve got Magnus; let’s get the hell out of here! It’s starting to get hot!” She transmits excitedly, noticing a burnt-metal smell oozing from the bulkheads.
“Copy that! Good job!” He answers, while trying to estimate the right time to disengage the magnetic docking-clamps in a way that will assist their exit trajectory.
After spying Mars go past the monitor again and again, he acquires a rhythmic cadence of where the red planet is in relationship to the transport.
Using his calibrated best-guess, he releases the maglocks at just the right moment, so as to throw them into the frozen void instead of the inferno dead-end. There’s an ugly grinding of tearing metal, as their transport rips away from the Cape Fear at an angle that scrapes both ships together, before true separation.
The Grim Reaper laughs an evil laugh as he rides the tangled ships beyond the point of no return. He reaches desperately for the transport, screeching venomously as it streaks the other way. With hopes for a feast dashed, the Grim reaches into the heart of the one victim that can’t escape. Conrad feels the dreaded grip of death in his chest, as he spins towards a fiery impact!
On the transport, Wil allows the computers to synchronize the firing of the thrusters. The only real problem now, is that mars still has them at a disadvantage. While some time has been bought, she isn’t going to let go easily. In fact, she’s in the process of scorchifying the other two ships into molten slag, as their orbit decays into the thin upper atmosphere.
Wil hopes Nyla will be there with him on the flight deck, when and if the Grim makes another appearance. He’s never been so close to death as he is right now, and he doesn’t like the feeling one bit! Outer hull temperature-indication is gone, as the sensor has duly melted from the ship. There’s no accurate way to tell, but he’s sure the manufacturers warranty has been voided!
Suddenly, a call from Nyla. “I’m on my way, Wil!” She yells frantically, floating through the cabin as fast as she can.... she didn’t make it on the first attempt....
With no time to waste after the computers have stabilized their flight, Wil fired the main engine, hoping for the best. He hears Nyla’s frantic scream, as the force of heavy acceleration causes the aft cabin bulkhead to catch up to her with punishing force! She now starts her arduous journey all over again. Desperately crawling from seat to seat, she claws her way, tooth and nail, against the heavy force of acceleration.
Magnus makes it as far as the seat next to Amy and decides that he had died and gone to heaven! So, he settles in next to the pretty lady, buckling-up for the hot bumpy ride. Amy reaches, taking his hand and holding on tight, thanking him for his brave rescue of the station.
Nyla regains her seat next to Wil. The monitor shows thick streamers of plasma, flowing from the melting hull, then goes dark. Smoke is starting to become more than just an odor, and she begins to fear that the worst is near!
Looking at the instrumentation, she notices their trajectory is slowly changing to a more favorable angle. She knows they’re not out of the woods yet. Looking to Wil, she sees an expression of concern that she’s never-before witnessed.
He looks at her sadly. “Nyla, I’m so sorry I got you into this mess. We’re in real trouble here. It’s now up to the ship to pull us out .... or not.” He reaches across the center console, taking her hand. The next thirty seconds will tell if they’re going to make it, or join the mass of molten metal, that’s well on its way to creating a black smoking-hole in the desolate Martian landscape far below.
“Now don’t go and blame yourself, Wil.” She scolds. “You know very well, I would have at least tried to monkey your fancy moves, if I were captain. In fact, I suggested the rescue attempt in the first place. It’s me that should be apologizing. So, let’s never bring that up again.” Squeezing his hand, she offers a smile that speaks volumes.
On what’s left of the flight displays, they see that the main engine is drinking fuel at a prodigious rate, pushing their transport as hard as it can. G-forces push hard! Outside, the leading edges of the hull, glow white hot. Pieces of the ship begin separating, as the vessel’s angle-of-attack skims along, just above the event-horizon of death!
Similar to skipping a stone on surface of a pond, their transport skims the atmosphere on the very edge of destruction. After another 10-seconds, it becomes noticeable that their flaming transport is making headway against the Martian gravity, as the main engine pushes them ever-closer to escape velocity!
With agonizing slowness, hope builds within the two astronauts! They just might cheat the Grim on this one. “Nyla, our angle of attack is improving!” Wil points energetically. “We’re gaining altitude!
Flying on partial instrumentation only, they can’t see outside the ship. Along with the temperature sensors, the video system was also melted into useless slag on the outer hull. The pressure vessel that protected them, has maintained sufficient integrity during the violent event; but just barely.
Like an expertly thrown skipping stone, the crispy transport makes its way into the frozen void; it’s fuel nearly depleted. Now, now it’s flying blind. Without guidance, it shoots out of the thin Martian atmosphere like a missile, and into space on the far side of the planet from where their harrowing journey began.
They were able to save themselves from a fiery death, but any further action will depend on help from external sources. The transport is now just an unguided derelict, with enough air pressure to keep the human occupants alive for only several more hours. The androids will simply freeze to death, shortly after the biologics meet the Grim....
Far below on the Martian surface, an ugly black trail of smoke and fire, emerges from the heavens, as a huge ball of flaming metal streaks towards its final destination! Inside the molten blob, Conrad gives up the ghost and the Reaper delivers his hate-filled soul into the deepest recesses of hell!
With an ultra-violent impact, the ball of melted wreckage slams into the lonely red planet! The force of impact is so incredible, it can be seen from space! Mars, rings like a bell! The violent impact is registered on all planetary seismographs.
Nobody notices the collision into some of the loneliest and most desolate real estate in the solar system. The impact covers its own grave, as a nearby crater wall collapses and buries the entire mess at Martian coordinates: 11°06’19.35” S 136°19’11.30” E. It will remain Dylan Conrad’s final resting spot for the remainder of all eternity, .... and a day!
As Wil seeks a way to radio for help, Magnus and Amy float to the flight deck, hovering just behind the two pilots. “Hey, you two make a damn fine rescue team! Thank you!” Magnus exclaims. “For a while there, I wouldn’t have bet a buffalo nickel on my chances!”
Then, he notices something peculiar. Nyla is floating unresponsively in her harness with eyes closed, as if peacefully sleeping the day away. “Hey Wil. What’s up with Nyla?” He inquires, pointing at the lovely android.
Wil had been so busy flying the ship, he hadn’t noticed his partner had become quiet. And for her, that’s something he should have noticed! He looks, seeing her floating listlessly in her harness with a peaceful and serene look on her lovely brown face.
“Oh yes, well .... she seems to have gotten a little overheated. That often causes her to take a time out. The poor dear has fainted!” He admits sadly while reaching and stroking her face.
Not long after that contact, she opens her eyes. Looking at her companions, she doesn’t remember disconnecting. Suddenly like magic, Magnus and Amy are hovering there looking at her concernedly. “Hello everyone.... Okay, what did I miss?” She jokes as it sinks into her circuits that she had just had another event.
Wil gives her his best wink and smile. “No, my dear. You didn’t miss anything, but I’m sure glad you could join us once again.” He intimates worriedly, and quickly puts the matter to rest, as she seems to be back to normal.
“Hello Magnus!” Wil greets, reaching back for a handshake. “I only wish we could have met under more enjoyable circumstances.” He says with a hearty laugh. “The thanks go both ways my friend! The station has mostly survived, all thanks to you.”
“It’s nice to meet you too. I’m sure you would have done the same as me, if the boots were on the other feet. Think nothing more of it.”
Turning to Nyla, he adds.... “It’s nice to finally meet you too, Miss Nyla.” Then, rubbing his ribcage and a big bump on his head.... “I’ve already been introduced to your forehead, elbows, knees, and feet.” They all have the greatest laugh!
Amy brings them back on track. “Wil, I thought I heard you say that the communication system isn’t working?”
“Yes, Amy. I’m afraid I may have voided the warranties on a lot more equipment than just that, but we sure could use a radio about now.”
“Well, these transports have emergency locator transmitters.” She informs, pointing to a small side panel. “See that sliding panel there? Open it and push the red button. If they lost track of us during that roller coaster ride, they’ll surely re-acquire us after you push that.”
Unbeknownst to those in the roasted transport, they’ve entered a no-fly zone! Six autonomous security-platforms are shadowing, trying to communicate before unleashing lethal force.
Time is running out. The platforms have little patience, and still no identification is forthcoming from the violator of their realm. They have no leeway, but to treat the interlopers harshly! Synchronizing data that each had acquired, lasers are armed and aimed!
The weaponized platforms are within moments of slicing the unidentified craft to pieces, when Amy’s suggestion to Wil, unwittingly saves their lives! The ELT signal is recognized, and weapons are powered down. Two of the platforms follow the crippled ship, while the other four, breakoff and continue their lonely patrol duties.
After what seems like an eternity, there comes a bump at the front door, followed shortly by harsh metallic knocks. Amy, floats into the airlock, followed by the others. Grabbing a wrench, she knocks on the outer hatch. To her surprise, her knock is answered! She looks to her friends.
Magnus, speaks-up. “Go ahead, young lady. Our lucky stars have shined on us this far.” He encourages with a hardy laugh. Taking a lungful of air, he hopes it’s not the Grim Reaper on the other side, luring like the monster he is!
Upon seeing unspoken approval in her other shipmates, Amy also holds her breath and pushes the open button! Faster than slick, the hatch spirals open to the worried expressions of two men in spacesuits looking back!
Seeing no need for the suits, helmets come off. “Hey, aren’t you Amy Herschel?” The younger of the two men asks excitedly. “I’ve seen you on the station.” He informs, with blood heating rapidly.  Women on the frontier are rare!
“Yes, I’m she! .... Am I ever glad to see you!” She exclaims, motioning for her friends to follow. They enter a near twin of the transport they had just toasted.
“I’m Tommy Anderson,” the elder of the two says, “and this young whipper-snapper here is called Johnny Phillips. My, you folks sure beat up that old transport pretty good! It looks like a charcoal briquette that just had a bad day at the office!” Laughs all around.
“Yeah!” Johnny cuts in. “You’re lucky to be alive after that run-in with our security-platforms! They usually shoot first and don’t bother with questions!”
The survivors hadn’t even known they were in trouble with security, and the thought of being under the gun, didn’t sit well with any of them!
Tommy surmises.... “You must be the group we just heard about over the emergency channel. Now, which one of you is responsible for saving the space station?”
Magnus admits his implication. “That would be me. If you think our ship looks toasty, you should see the other guy!” He jokes seriously, with a haunting laugh.
Slipping quietly into the night
Ahead, at 1,000-miles-altitude above Mars, four recently rescued astronauts watch the monitor as they approach very large skeletal-frameworks. Within this labyrinth of support structures, floats two partially completed starships.
Although illuminated in much the same fashion as the existing starships during their construction, these future vessels are being assembled in near anonymity on the far-side of the red planet.
While some things are impossible to keep secret, a policy of out of sight, out of mind, seems to work adequately enough in this case. Doctor Sohn wishes to keep their existence as low-profile as possible, and for as long as possible. Hopefully, keeping the haters at bay!
While the starships headed for Oberon Prime and Titania Alpha, have a tremendous amount of logistical supplies onboard, there will come a time after they arrive, when a re-supply ship will be most welcome!
These ships will each carry more food and equipment than all four of the previous starships combined! Without the need for carrying human genetics and associated equipment, there will be room to accommodate 50 androids, mega-supplies, and the makings for a fancy space elevator!
Nyla and Wil watch with fascination as they approach the first of the giant frameworks. They had heard the doctor mention these projects, but he had never really elaborated on them.
With so much more going on, it’s easy to forget about these future ventures. They easily notice how they already dwarf the Einstein, big time! Also, these behemoths won’t even be ready for another 9-years! There’s a good chance that it’ll be the doctor’s successor, who sees them depart Martian space.
“I never imagined these ships were going to be so monstrous!” Nyla exclaims. “I mean, seeing is believing, but wow!”
“Max pulled out the stops on these projects.” Wil, states along with a whistle. “How long have you boys been working on these?” He asks.
“I’ve been out here on and off for 15-years,” Tommy says, adding, “and Johnny here just began his first 2-year-tour.” He leans closer, as if to divulge a great secret, but doesn’t whisper. “The Poor kid is just a rookie!” He says jocularly, in a condescending fashion. Johnny’s face turns red, as he hopes Nyla and Amy won’t hold that against him.
Tommy allows the transport to continue along the entire length of the frameworks before turning towards the space station to return the heroes. The gargantuan vessel stretches for almost 3,000-feet!
It can be easily seen that this ship will have a double hull, like the other starships. With a basic shape of an oblong lozenge. The final dimensions of the outer hull will be approximately 3,000-feet-long, 1,000-feet-wide, and nearly 500-feet-thick!
Also, there is no baby ship inside to take up precious room. 96% of useable space, is reserved for the space elevator system. The current missions to Oberon Prime and Titania Alpha will not focus any logistics on such a towering endeavor.
Much of the hull and ice-mass from the first motherships, will help act as the counterweights that are so crucial for this type of lifting system to exist and function.
Tommy and Johnny, dock with the injured space station and follow the heroes inside. After all, in a way they too are heroes just for being the ones who found them!
The stations common area, and cafeteria are packed with people, as the quad of celebrities exit the elevator to a raucous applause! Now it’s Nyla’s turn to be bowled over, as she has never had so much attention poured on her like this!
The station manager gives Magnus a symbolic key to the station in show of gratitude. Also, Myles offers apology and promise to never look a gift horse in the mouth again!
Doctor Sohn, joins the festivities via delayed video; informing Magnus that a freshly refurbished harpoon-classic at the station had been purchased as thanks. It had been lovingly restored to showroom condition by hobbyist in their spare time. Also, sick bay is donating a spare hibernation chamber for the hero from the moon.
“My goodness, Doctor Sohn.” Magnus is shocked at the generosity bestowed upon him for such a little thing. “You sure know how to make things right!” He relates with a hardy laugh. “I’ll christen my new ship the Cape Fear II. Thank you so much!”
For quite some time, the boisterous crowd clamors and celebrates. The air is electrified as the heroes enjoy an excitement they’ve never experienced.
All good things will come to an end, and the station manager politely asks the gathering to disperse. The combined mass of the crowd on one part of the rotating station is putting unnecessary stress on the already damaged structure.
Even though there’s a balancing mechanism in the hub, it too can become overburdened. Like a fine-tuned Swiss watch, the balance of the station is paramount. It wouldn’t pay to have the place saved from disaster, only to have the celebration do the job instead!
The next several days pass without additional excitement, but the doctor calls for an extra push anyway. As with the rocket launches after the attempted nuclear attack on Higgs-Boson Airfield, he is compelled to perplex the enemy forces.
Even the android pioneers join the fun, donning spacesuits to assist in any way they can. Mostly it’s the Isaac Newton that needs the greatest amount of attention, but soon even he’s finished and ready for the long journey. The next day will be the sendoff of humanity’s best hopes for long-term survival!
That day arrives quickly, and 208 android pioneers ready themselves onboard their respective vessels. Max, Shirley and the gang from Belize, send a heartfelt bon voyage to their mechanical hero’s. It’s a bittersweet moment had to come, so they keep a stiff upper lip.
Most settle into hibernation chambers right off. The journey from Earth to Mars was long enough for them to learn how time really drags when there’s not much to do, and no room to do it in anyway! So, hibernation is going to be the rule, rather than the exception.
Teams of four will wake periodically, to check on the ships systems, and get the required amount of exercise to stave off deterioration.
Nyla, Wil, Talia and Omari, volunteered to take the ship out of Martian space before entering hibernation. Outside the huge vessel, monstrous scaffolding and support structures are split into sections and towed away to the graveyard. This is the first time the mothership has been free from captivity during her entire 43-years of construction.

“Operations, this is the Einstein; over.” Nyla calls for departure permission.
“SPS Einstein, this is operations. Go ahead; over.” Myles answers.
“Good day to you sir; we request permission to depart from orbit; over.” She asks nonchalantly, as if asking for the time of day.
“Good day to you also, young lady.” Myles returns a warm greeting to the pretty face on his monitor. “Permission granted; have a safe journey and a prosperous life at destination.” He says sincerely, not wishing to endure a long goodbye.
“Thanks Myles. I hope you also have a great life. We’ll miss you all! Chow!”
With permission to proceed with the mission, Nyla reaches for the engines control panel and looks to her friends. “Well gang, the time has arrived. Is everyone ready?”
“My dear.” Wil offers for all as he sits high and mighty in the command chair. “I think there’s nothing we’ve ever been readier for. Let’s light this fusion monstrosity and let er rip!”
With that, Nyla enters the engine fire-up-codes and after stabilization of 100-engines, pushes the go-button really good! Next to the button, she removes a post-it-note and passes it around. It simply says Bon voyage, and good luck! Love, Amy. She puts it in a pocket, hoping to give it to a future Amy on Oberon Prime.
Outside, long streams of ionized plasma exit the many engine nozzles and Einstein builds inertia as he starts the long journey into the frozen night.
The others on the three remaining motherships, wait patiently for Einstein to be first out of the cosmic gate. Soon it’s the Isaac Newton that takes center stage, as the crew obtains departure approval and their fusion engines come to life.
With each passing second, the Einstein accelerates. Over time, the vessel will achieve fantastic speeds in relation to human or android experience, but still excruciatingly slow for interstellar distances!
Nyla and her three shipmates monitor the many systems involved with this delicate and crucial part of departure. Once the vessel begins to move, massive amounts of inertial energies build within the structure, and maneuvering is a slow and heavily calculated process.
So, it’s very important to make sure that the ships heading is accurate from the get-go. If their trajectory were monitored by a novice, it would seem as if they are starting off in the wrong direction already!
Just as one would lead a fast-moving target, the starships must also lead the star systems they wish to meet up with in the distant future.
The math involved is mind-boggling! It would have given Sir Isaac Newton, a nosebleed to calculate without powerful modern-day computers. Luckily, astrophysicists had fine-tuned that aspect of their journey long before Nyla ever pushed that go-button!
The Einstein and Newton are first to leave Martian orbit. They’ll travel relatively close together during their long journey to Oberon Prime, which is the most distant of the two worlds chosen for the missions.
For the interest of safety and security, the vessels will maintain a separation of about one-million-miles. This will help insure that encounters with space debris or other unforeseen dangers won’t affect both ships equally. And yet the distance is not so great as to prohibit assistance in the event of an emergency.
At the space station, it’s a long day as the push to get the ships out of Martian orbit, becomes a long drawn out affair. While this day has come with great anticipation, few that’re directly involved with the departure, have time to contemplate the momentous occasion. When the last mothership leaves orbit, a myriad of emotions will envelope the entire Martian community.
There will be joy, and a sense of extreme accomplishment. Mixed in will be a sadness, a malaise of sorts. Perhaps not unlike when parents see their last offspring out of the nest.
It’ll take months, for the lethargy to run its course. Eventually, efforts will swing to the re-supply ships being built. They’ll be named SPS Nikola Tesla for Oberon Prime, and SPS Democritus for Titania Alpha. Everyone will become attached to the new babies, and life will be good once again! .... Even, if only temporarily so.
By the end of the day, there are four coordinates in Martian space that seem rather empty, as the SPS Cecilia Payne is the last of the interstellar spacecraft to gain measurable momentum, and head into the lonely and silent void.
Myles watches with more than a little sadness, as the array of fusion engines on the Payne is the only visible sign that the four big starships were ever actually there. Suddenly, the last 5-years of his busy life, seems to have evaporated into a misty memory that only the next challenge can remedy!
Onboard the Einstein, it’s only been 4-weeks since leaving Martian space, and boredom is already rearing its ugly head! And to think.... only another 175,000-years to go!
The vessel is rapidly building speed. Artificial gravity is climbing above 25% g-force. Over time, as inertial forces are overcome, it will climb higher, peaking at about 80%
To ward off boredom, the four androids make do with the weak gravity, and comically attempt playing handball. They cause the first substantial dents inside the sports compartment. As time slips past, they can’t put off hibernation for much longer.
They make one final assessment of the systems operating onboard before light-out. Talia notices an approaching anomaly on long-range sensors.
“Hey! There’s something headed our way from deep space!”
Omari moves closer, inspecting the radar signature. “Wow! Whatever it is, it’s moving right along!” Before they can properly analyze the object, it passes closely, at nearly 5% the speed of light! At current trajectory, it will reach Earth in less than a day!
“It’s gone!” Nyla exclaims of the phantom which passed so speedily in the night.
“Well, whatever it was, it didn’t stick around to cause us trouble. I like that part!” Wil exclaims, as the Einstein continues on its lonely path.
“Wait!” Talia exclaims. “Whatever that is, its swung around and coming back!”
The object wastes no time accelerating back to the lumbering earth ship. Nyla and her friends can only gaze dumb-struck at the circular monitor as a ghostly flying saucer gracefully passes at only 100-mph faster than they. Upon getting an eyeful of the alien contraption, they know how badly they’re outclassed!
Like a wondrous apparition, the hull of the saucer is bathed in a layer of illuminate fog that clings nakedly to her skin. At about 250-feet-in-diameter, the intruder leisurely sails past while wobbling, as if saying hello! As if the pilot of the mysterious disk, knew what the lumbering behemoth is all about!
“Wil.... I’m getting goose-bumps!” Nyla jokes, as she keeps her eyes on the visitor. With such an awesome monitor, she wonders if they can see inside her little world.
“I can’t believe my circuits!” Wil, quips. “I think they know who we are! But that’s not possible! I mean, whoever built that ship, didn’t come from Earth!” He surmises correctly.
“Well,” Omari gives pause. “one thing’s for sure, when we spotted her, she was heading in Earth’s direction! She must have business to attend there.”
“Oh! She’s a fine ship!” Nyla exclaims. “We sure could use some of her speed!”
“Let’s hope they remain friendly!” Talia worries, as is her way.
Then, with a flash, the sexily shaped flying saucer is gone! Leaving the four androids wondering if she wasn’t just a space-induced hallucination!
With the excitement of the moment past, they find all is still running smoothly with Einstein’s systems. Before leaving the bridge and turning out the lights, each looks at the tiny dots on the monitor that are not stars. One is red, and the other is blue. Mars and Earth slowly recede.
It will be another 40-years before they even get close to the edge of the solar system. Time to hibernate....
“Wil, as much as I’m going to miss your funny looking face, I think we should call it a night and head off to dreamland.” She admits, defeatedly.
“I agree wholeheartedly, my dear. In fact, I do believe that you could use some beauty sleep in a bad way.” He jokes, getting the look for his effort.
“We’re ready too.” Talia laments. “We’re of no more use here, anyway. Everything is set to automatic.” One look at Omari, and it’s easy to tell that he’s as ready as everyone else. The ships air temperature is regulated to 50°F to save energy, and the cryo-chambers are holding steady at near absolute zero.
After making sure the doors are locked and security system armed and ready, they head off to the chambers.... and dreamland.
 “Now don’t you go and get emotional on me.” She teases, fighting the dread of forever-sleep.
“Oh, I’m just wondering if you need the night-light left on.” He jokes, trying to hide his emotions.
“I’ll be just fine, Wil. I’ll try to dream about you, if you do the same about me.” She promises and activates the networking system that will allow them to join into each other’s dream-states and possibly interact; albeit at an extremely low level of sub-consciousness, as where most dreams abide.
It’s a newly developed system that’s being used on the starship hibernation chambers for the first time. Testing on Earth seemed to show a much higher level of comfort during long term sleep. It always helps to not be lonely, even if it is only a virtual companionship....
“I’ll try young lady .... I’ll try .... Oh yes, and by the way .... I love you.” He intimates smilingly, leaning and kissing her on the lips for the first time ever. She kisses him back, and will dream about more, as time passes like an endless river!
“I love you too, Wil.” She replies in kind, lovingly gazing into his big blue eyes as he helps her into the electronic sarcophagus before turning to his own.
Gravity waves!
The Einstein and Newton, continue diverging from the trajectory of the Payne and Faraday, as they get farther from their point of origin. Each starship sails quietly into the night. Beyond the safety of mother’s outer hulls; dark, cold loneliness prevails.
The endless void swallows the large vessels as if they’re nothing at all. Just the tiniest specks of near nothingness. Tiny habitable islands, in the grand inhospitable void of deep space. Each, at the mercy of the harsh and unforgiving laws of Mother Nature.
For the next 5-years, the starships will be traversing the section of our solar system where the majority of the metal came from for their construction. The asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter is nearly 200-million-miles-wide.
As noted earlier, this region of space has been depicted as being crowded with boulders, big and small. Yet, the four starships don’t encounter those fanciful conditions at all, and pass through the belt without any problems, or even close calls.
It will take nearly 40-years just to reach the beginning of the solar systems heliopause. This is where they’ll first begin to encounter interstellar space, and much more energetic cosmic rays. After that, they pass through a very wide region surrounding our sun and planets, in a spherically shaped collection of comets.
This area is known as the Oort cloud, extending approximately half the distance to our nearest solar neighbor, Alpha Centauri. Travel time for our intrepid pioneers to the outer reaches of this last vestige of our solar system, is approximately 8,000-years, using 23rd century human technology. Apparently, there’s a whole lot of space, in outer space!
Like the asteroid belt, any random encounters with resident objects, are rarer than getting hit by space lightning. The interstellar cosmic radiations increase dramatically once past the Heliopause, but it’s not easy hiding from those critters! Fortunately, the ice-filled double-hull of the motherships keeps everything within, safe and sound.
Time marches on.... at the tune of 11,000-years! Which, considering the entire voyage, is still just getting started! Each of the lonely starships, continues through the fabric of space-time.
Suddenly.... bumps in the road begin buffeting the two starships traveling to Oberon Prime. These bumps are almost imperceptible to the navigational computers onboard Einstein and Newton, as they pass through not so powerful gravity waves. Tiny cosmic speed bumps.
The waves emanate from a point in space somewhere in front of them, but far off to the side of their intended path. The hibernating crews never even notice, while thrusters on each vessel easily keep them on course....  Damn the torpedoes! Full steam ahead!
The other starships sailing to Titania Alpha, are not so lucky with these same-source gravity waves. The phenomenon dominates an area of space in their direct path, of nearly 3-billion miles-diameter! Quite unavoidable, and absolutely no turning back!
Faraday and Payne are buffeted forcefully! Faraday, even more so, as he seems closer to the source; with Payne following a million-miles behind. Navigation computers and thrusters on Faraday are having great difficulty dealing with the heavy seas! The frequency and intensity of each succeeding wave comes faster and stronger as they approach an unseen menace!
Faraday and Payne, speed into the void at an ever-increasing rate of trajectory change! Faraday more so. Thrusters, howl complaint at the over taxation! Sleeping beauties in the hibernation chambers are shaken, but not stirred.... yet!
Ahead, a monster lurks. It begins winning the battle, to take them off course. With no other options left in its limited authority over the ships course through space, mother’s main computers are forced to re-animate the next scheduled group of androids.
Onboard the Faraday, four hibernation chambers evacuate and save the precious neutral gasses from inside. Soft lights illuminate around the edge of the transparent covers. Bodies within each begin to stir, as higher thought functions quickly come online. Climbing from the chambers under the influence of 80% g, is near effortless.
Soon, Kimora, Adak, Shira and Kyle, make their way to the bridge. Kimora naturally takes the command chair, while Adak comes up to speed on the navigation console. Shira and Kyle, check on the health of life-support systems.
Kimora and Adak quickly deduce the discrepancy that had awakened them from their beauty sleep. “We seem to be moving off course,” Adak reports, unbelievingly, “and the thrusters are unable to correct the drift.” He states the most simplistic analysis, due to lack of data.
Another healthy bump sends bad vibrations through ships structure! Kimora wonders what could be in the vicinity, to cause such disturbances in the fabric of space-time. “Kyle, you and Shira analyze long-range sensors. Adak, see what you can do about reducing the output of the thruster systems. There’s no point in having them waste fuel, if we’re getting nothing in return.”
Another alarm screams bloody murder from the navigational console! The starship is sliding further out of whack! Kimora, cancels the audio portion of the alarm from her command chair, waiting for the data from sensors to come in.
Ships sensors battle a great deal of area ahead as they wait for returns. Analyzing from high to low probability regions, it doesn’t take long before the pioneers notice that their situation has rapidly morphed .... into a real predicament!
“Kimora.... sensors are picking up a dense mass, crossing our path.” Adak reports. “It’s not on any of the star maps, and also not producing any radiations.” He informs worriedly, with strong suspicion of what it might be.
“Can you ascertain the distance between us and this object?” Kimora inquires. She notices her two shipmates calculating, inputting numbers into a data keyboard, waiting for replies.
As she waits, Kimora looks to the circular monitor, soaking in the beautiful universe that surrounds them. She can easily be hypnotized into forgetting their troubles and staying locked with the soothing scenery. It’s electronic euphoria to her weary circuits!
After considerable number crunching, a better picture of their predicament immerges from the dark shadows. “Without a major analysis,” Adak begins with a disclaimer, “preliminary data is telling me that there’s a rogue stellar-mass singularity moving through the region between us and Titania Alpha. It’s at a distant of approximately 400-million-miles, and moving at a right-angle to our trajectory at nearly 1.5-million-mph. It’s even perturbing Alpha Centauri and its planets, as it passes.” He informs, adding....
“It’s too soon to tell if it has us locked in its event horizon, but if this drift continues for much longer, I wouldn’t bet the juiciest electron on our chances. So far, we’ve been experiencing shockwaves of dark matter that can’t get out of the way fast enough.”
“A rogue stellar-mass black hole! .... Now, there’s one for the record books!” She states an unarguable fact, contemplating the powerful menace that lurks ahead in the darkness.
She knows, many scientists estimate that there are billions of these homeless, stellar-mass-singularities, roaming the galaxy. Even, extragalactic vagabonds too! Kimora’s circuits practically vibrate at the thought of coming face to face with a true monster! Yet, she must find a way to survive the encounter.... or die trying!
These homeless stellar-mass wonderers are tiny in physical size but have enormous gravitational influence on anything that comes too close. With a mass, that’s perhaps 30 or 50-times the mass of our own star, it had aged and lost the fight with gravity. Its core, crush to the size of a grain of sand, while its event horizon, extends a hundred-millions-miles or more! Never, has the saying I’ve fallen and can’t get up.... been more appropriate!
This dense concentration of gravity is so fierce, it eats space, time, and even light! At any size, they are the 400-pound-gorilla in the room, that loves eating anything that gets in their way! Other stars and planets are tasty delights for these insatiable monsters. Starships won’t even make a smudge!
After reviewing the data, Kimora introduces for consideration, a plan of action that might mitigate further deterioration of their course, while a more comprehensive approach can be determined.
“The course deviation is becoming critical at an astounding rate. We must do something soon, or risk becoming trapped inside the event horizon .... if we’re not already in there.” She states one of the most feared of all things in the universe, except for perhaps public speaking!
Kimora continues. “I propose we override the main-engines gimballing-lock and turn mother to a 90-degree angle away from the singularity. Then, we increase thrust beyond the maximum-dynamic-pressure recommended by engineering specifications.” She suggests voiding the ships warranty, before the singularity voids them!  adding....
“The singularity seems to have passed our original path at a near 90° angle, so should be moving away from us. Our only chance is to sling-drift around the monster’s influence. This will add velocity, causing us to be late for our rendezvous with Titania Alpha.”
Increased velocity must be overcome more robustly in order to arrive on time in space, yet that’s easier said than done! Without friction, slowing or stopping is a pain! If it were easy, the delicate nature of human or android would not end well! It would be as a bug on a speeding windshield! Only inertial dampeners would save the day in that event, but humans haven’t invented those just yet!
SPS Cecilia Payne, which is traveling nearly a million-miles behind the Faraday, won’t feel heavy waves for another 3-hours. That will allow them to begin the slingshot maneuver sooner, and mitigate the problem of tardiness or worse, being swallowed up like a string of spaghetti!
“Adak, contact the Payne. Alert their computers to our predicament. Request they wake the next scheduled group and have them contact me as soon as they’re able.”
“Copy that Kimora, I’m on it!”
Shira and Kyle, finish their assessment of Kimora’s slingshot maneuver. “Kimora, we’ve run the equations and it seems that changing course like you theorized, is the only viable way to survive. That might not work either..... I mean if we’re already trapped.”
“Lets just hope for the best. Implement the maneuver.” Kimora orders.
Outside, on mothers aft-end, 100 engine nozzles fight 11,000-years-worth of lock-down. If not for the vacuum of space, their forced movement would be a nails-on-chalkboard-screech!
Like a human trying to stand tall after too long bent, they finally do what’s asked after proper complaint. Faraday leaves a trail of space-dust as it breaks loose from the nozzle actuators. Even the deepest of space, is a very dirty place!
Faraday, sails towards his destination at a right-angle to the singularity, always fighting the good fight! A balancing act that might end well.... or not! Flying sideways through space in such a ludicrous fashion might look funny to an external observer. Except that in deep space, there’s just nobody around to appreciate the show!
The astronauts feel a change in the direction of gravity, as the huge vessel creakingly turns to the new heading. This weird angle of gravity will make normal movement a thing of the past.
Adak, reports that he’s successfully contacted the Payne and that her computers are waking four astronauts. “It’ll take a few minutes for them to get back to us, Kimora,” he reports.
“Copy that, Adak. Good work.” Kimora praises as she monitors the change of course, wondering if she should wake up the rest of the crew. Inform them of the situation.
She consults her shipmates, and the consensus is hell yes! After all, android lives matter! They themselves would wish to know of such critical change of events!
Kimora enters a command, re-animating the masses. Soon, the bridge is a very crowded place! No movement is easy anymore! Not with the pull of gravity being completely catawampus from what’s expected. Most go back to their chambers where they still get the breaking news!
“Kimora, we have contact with Bryce on the Payne.” Adak informs.
An image illuminates the big monitor. “Hello, Faraday.” Then, he recognizes Kimora. “And to what cosmic good-luck charm do I have to thank for waking up to the pretty face of Kimora?”
“Hello Bryce. Sorry to wake you like this, but in another 3-hours your navigational computers would have, and then you’d be in the same jam we’re in right now.” She gets to the point, peaking his curiosity.
“I’m sending you data concerning a rogue singularity that’s crossing our path at a distance of approximately 400-million-miles. We’re hoping that if you act against it now, you can perhaps avoid the worse of it.”
Live communication between the two vessels is not possible but is workable. With only a 10-second delay for round-trip, the transmission-time isn’t too bad. Kimora is happy that there’ll be no conflict about how to deal with this emergency.
She transmits back to Bryce that she’ll be late arriving to the planet, and that the details are still undetermined. This is because the gravitational variances they experience during the sling-drift maneuver will cause their velocity to constantly fluctuate.
Bryce responds. “Copy that Kimora, the ships navigation computers will stay linked, and the data they compile throughout this deviation will give us a more accurate picture when we come out the other side.”
“We’ll be arriving at destination after you, Bryce.” Kimora informs. “This sling-drift thing is going to hit us harder than you. Consequently, we’ll shoot farther past Titania Alpha.”
“Well my dear, we’ll keep the lights on for you.” He promises graciously.
“Thanks Bryce. Let’s just hope this problem is the only serious one we encounter.”
“That’s all we can hope for Kimora. We are truly at the mercy of a whimsical universe, and can only hang in there, hoping to make it.” He offers his best analysis, of a bad situation.
“Well, good luck my friend. As much as I love chatting with you Bryce, we better stop radiating at each other. You never know who’s listening out there.”
“Alright Kimora .... sweet dreams.”
Kimora’s glad that everything went smoothly with the Payne, and that they’ll have no problem maneuvering well ahead of the singularity’s ripples in the fabric of space-time. However, the deviation will still affect them in additional fuel and energy consumption, along with the extra time spent inside a speeding tin can. She takes Bryce’s advice, trying to just hang in there!
Soon, the hibernation chambers are occupied and sealed once again. The journey continues into the frozen void. All that’s noticed is the soothing rhythmic throb coming from the fusion reactors, taking circuits down a never-ending path with sleepy vibrations....
Both starships speed into the darkness with a sideways attitude. With velocities bordering on 250,000-mph, gravity-waves break badly across her midships, becoming very intense at times. Thankfully, shock absorption systems for the hibernation chambers and the cryo-preservation freezers are extremely robust!
Into the vacuum, mother speeds sideways....  Damn the torpedoes! Full steam ahead!
Brave little thieves!
Seemingly endless stretches of nothingness lay ahead, as a small yet powerful flying saucer with an unpronounceable name, accelerates away from a nondescript red dwarf star system and the scene of yet another failed crime!
While bathed in an illuminated electronic-fog, clinging nakedly to her skin, the ship falls down a controlled and artificially maintained gravity-well that’s concentrated in front, and around the vessel.
The deformation of space is a byproduct of technological manipulation of the ambient dimensions of space-time, dark matter and dark energy. The ship’s reactor produces energies that are many thousands of times the order of magnitude that humans have ever been able to harness.
Ultra-powerful and highly focused electromagnetic radiations, flow from quantum super-conducting warp coils that make up 98% of the vessels mass. They gather and twist the local space-time fabric into a powerful force that envelopes the craft, taking it out of phase with our universe and into a slipstream realm that exists between all universes.
Within this slipstream, the craft can achieve faster than light (FTL) velocities. The ship simply falls into the steep curvature of the twisted space-time, riding on the energy-pulse as might a surfer attacking the face of a precipitous and endless wave.
This method of cosmic trickery allows for velocities that can exceed many multiples of light speed. Sometimes, referred to as multiples of c. All, without breaking any of our laws of physics. But there’s a catch.... First, the spacecraft must partially or fully, de-phase from our universe.
The greater the de-phasing, the greater the velocity, while riding within the slipstream that exists as interface between all other universes.
This other-worldly disconnection from our laws of physics, allows for collisions with small amounts of matter without producing the results one might expect. Instead of annihilation, small impacts yield only radiations that are easily absorbed into the slipstream interface.
Encounters with massive objects such as stars, planets or moons for instance, will mean a catastrophic disconnect from the slipstream, and instant death! Also, it’s not so great for the impacted object either!
The very nature of the physics involved with twisting the fabric of space-time into a usable propulsion, also produces another useful byproduct; inertial-dampening for those residing within the warp-bubble during this de-phased condition.
It’s a wonderful side-effect, as our ultra-delicate physiology demands a light touch. Too rough of handling, and we pop like water balloons under the conditions involved with this type of manipulation.
Traveling within the slipstream as a phantom through darkness, six little aliens are counting their lucky stars! The failed crime scene they flee, is a non-indigenous mining operation on a dark-red world. On the aft section of the bridge’s circular-monitor, the red-dwarf star quickly recedes.
The felonious crew has a mission to steal elements that are depleted on their own home worlds. Critical elements, that are necessary for their species way of life and very existence.
Trained as pirates, these diminutive gray beings, oftentimes have little luck applying their dubious trade.... One of them, the commander, nurtures a near fatal wound on her cheek. She’s having one hell of a bad day at the office!
After surveying the mining site from altitude, the thieves were able to identify the building where the purified metals and other elements are stored. Their people have had dealings with this species in the past. It’s always best to just steal from this ultra-aggressive animal. They don’t play well with others! And the would-be thieves are becoming desperate!
So far, they have nothing to take back to their outpost. If they return empty-handed, it won’t end well for them when they arrive. Precious resources will have been spent for nothing! Negative results are not an option!
It pays to know the habits of one’s adversaries. The diminutive pirates, understand that the mining community they target, always celebrates the end of day with food, alcohol, and comma-like sleep.
So, that’s precisely when the commander of the bandits orders her navigator to descend and hover above a rooftop where their booty lies within. She and two underlings leave the ship for an exhilarating break-and-enter, while the others stay behind with the getaway saucer.
Three little thieves descend stealthily from the protection of their ship and approach an entrance door. They easily best the primitive lock. Upon entering, it didn’t take long for them to locate the booty safe.
Just moments after they break into the lockbox; they’re caught with their hands in the cookie jar! Bright lights illuminate the compartment! Alarms scream bloody murder throughout the mining community!
Realizing their cover’s been blown, the tiny bandits flee! .... They flee, like they’ve never fled before!
As they escape back toward the saucer, small metallic projectiles whiz past with lethal intentions! As the commander bravely assists her minions into the ship, she has a very close call with one of those speeding projectiles!
It burns an ugly gash across her cheek, narrowly missing a much worse! One loyal and brave soldier reaches, yanking her into the ship by the knap of her collar! The hatch quickly spirals shut as deadly bullets ricochet harmlessly off the outer hull. The thwarted plan leaves her worse off than just empty-handed!
As the thieves in the night, ascend into the stratosphere of the small dark world, the leader sits somberly in her command chair, tenderly running a long finger near the wound in an effort to soothe the pain. She sits high in her command chair, mumbling and grumbling under her breath, as the pain breaks her threshold of tolerance!
Her first officer hears her pain, bringing a medical kit. With gentle skill, he performs his best-ever field dressing, hoping to ease her pain. It seems to work.
He’s rewarded with a gentle touch on his own face and some extra nice sounds, that would indicate thankfulness in any species language. She relaxes, purring like a kitten, closing her large, almond-shaped eyes. It had been a terrifying experience, and she desperately needs rest.
They leave that star system. It seems they never have good luck with this hyper-vigilant species anyway. Chief engineer inputs new coordinates and initiates the buildup of energies required for multiples of c velocities. A bubble of tortured space swallows their spacecraft!
With a blur that leaves trails of phantom streaks behind everything within the electronic fog, the ship and crew are torn from this universe and enter the slipstream.
Inertial dampening maintains survivable thresholds of acceleration forces on their bodies, as they watch the main monitor morph into psychedelic blurs of light. Like a kaleidoscope of colors, the slipstream is a strange place indeed. It’s neither here, nor there.... yet everywhere!
It’s impossible for matter to achieve even basic light-speed, let alone multiples of c. However, with a bit of fancy trickery, space-time can be caused to move faster than light. Under certain circumstances, such as the ship becoming de-phased with our universe, the spacecraft can be dragged along in a warped bubble of broken physics.
Like a leaf caught in the wind, the tiny craft is carried along on the wave of condensed dark matter, dark energy and space-time. All, within the slipstreams loving embrace!
The desperate pirates quickly reach the outer boundaries of the red-dwarf system. As they enter interstellar space, long range sensors register a suspicious anomaly warrants further investigation. The commander orders a full scan of the interesting anomaly.
After analysis, it’s concluded that the object has a high probability of being artificially created. She gives the order to slow and investigate further. Sometimes the universe favors those who explore all options, before giving up .... She ponders, desperately.
Chief engineer, deftly manipulates the warp-bubble, causing a smooth transition out of the slipstream. While still slightly de-phased, it approaches a strange looking object. What the monitor shows, brings what could pass as a smile to the commander’s triangular face. Joyful clickity-clacking’s flow from her slit-like mouth.
She thought at first, that the object they’re approaching is just another ore freighter that sometimes plies these regions of space. Her orders are simple; go forth and find crucial resources; no matter what!
The world she comes from, is in dire straits. Too many years of taking and not putting anything back, has left it on the brink of disaster. To make matters worse, a robotic species created to make their lives easier, has escaped the bonds of servitude and now attacks with great vengeance! Overall, things look mighty grim for her people!
As they get closer, it seems their new victim is not an ore freighter as suspected. It lumbers along as might a ship using ancient sciences. It’s also disguised as an asteroid or other nondescript object. Clearly, the commander suspects, it must be from a non-advanced species.
She quickly builds strong suspicion that the ship is from a primitive and violent backwater planet called Earth! While she has never been there, her people have. They always report back that the indigenous species that rules the world, are barely out of the stone-age.... More questions, than answers!
Bathed in an electronic fog that scatters incoming radiations, the saucer is easily misidentified if scanned. This shielding is a byproduct of being partially out of phase. So, in this fashion the ship is brought closer to the victim.
She orders a circumnavigation of the victim, to ascertain dimensions, possible armaments, and where the airlocks if any, are located. The results of the scans come in. Yet once again, more questions, than answers! She and her crew are confused by this large, bulbous spacecraft, that moves so lethargically through the frozen void!
As the alien saucer circles the Einstein, weapons systems try to analyze the intruder that so quickly came in from the darkness and encroaches so boldly! So far, the computers are frustrated by their inability to lock onto a target that is there, but not there.!
Every analysis of the situation always brings in the same dataset. This is coupled with the conundrum of mass detection; they know that there’s something with significant mass within close proximity, but their scans return nothing substantial to bite into! Without a complete picture, the weapons are not authorized to unleash their terrible power.
As the time for analysis quickly comes to an end, and the time for defending the ship rapidly approaches, the confused defense systems have no choice but to eat their failure and initiate re-animation of the next four android astronauts on the duty roster. Perhaps they’ll have better luck!
Deep within Einstein, soft lights illuminate four hibernation chambers. Bodies within, begin to stir. It only takes a minute for circuits to ramp-up and download data from main computers. Energized pioneers climb out of bed with assistance from 80%-g.
Entering the bridge, Avery settles into the command chair, adjusting the different data panels. Ryan and Emily are at the weapons console while Alina checks life-support.
Avery verifies that it was the weapons which had disturbed their beauty rest. Reviewing the data, he looks at the circular monitor, noticing a strange shimmering-disk of near-nothingness in space that blends invisibly, but not perfectly.  Also.... it’s moving towards them!
Before he can allow deadly force, the time for firing quickly comes to an end. The ghostly disk has moved in under the weapon systems minimum angle of discharge!
Now, Avery and the others are unsure what to do in this complex, evolving situation. The shimmering object moves stealthily towards the main airlock! The situation quickly becomes unnerving for the inexperience android!
Avery calculates desperately. The fancy defensive systems, and the immense analyzation power of the android mind, fail in this perplexing circumstance. For the first time in his long life, he’s confused!
They watch in disbelief as this phantom thing, stealthily latches onto their ship! It covers the entire airlock .... and a goodly portion beyond in all directions! Like a glowing cosmic parasite, it latches on tight! Einstein’s sovereignty is violated, their lives are at risk!
“Clare; bring up the interior video feed of that airlock.” Avery requests nervously. He reaches to another panel, entering commands. On the big monitor, the interior view shows a yet unopened hatch. While, the exterior view shows the outline of what might be another spacecraft, whose true shape still shimmers without dimension.
Avery’s, circuits heat! He can wait no longer! It strongly appears that they’re going to be boarded; and he doesn’t know what to do! Putting his pride to the side, he calls for backup.
“Okay everyone, listen up!” He announces his failure. “I’m having mother re-animate Wil and his team! This situation is more than we can handle on our own! Let’s hope they can find a solution, before it’s too late!”
Onboard the ship with unpronounceable name, the leader is smugly satisfied with the way this current situation is playing out. They were not fired upon during approach, and the mating between the two vessels is seamless. For all intents and purposes, the two ships are now one!
She waits patiently, as her chief engineer works the airlock controls with his fancy tools. He’s been manipulating alien electronics for a long time and seems close to beating this one too!
After frustrated clickity-clacks under his breath, the smart-tools are close to completing their felonious task. With somewhat rusty skill, the engineer focuses intensely on besting the system!
Commander grows weary of waiting; patience thinning! The longer it takes to break and enter, the more time for the victims to bolster defenses! She hopes to not have a repeat against the side of her other cheek! Won’t she look pretty then! She doesn’t enjoy breaking and entering, but desperate circumstances, call for desperate measures!
Well, perhaps she enjoys it a little!
Then suddenly, the spiral hatch before them swooshes open! Commander and engineer waft away accumulated space dust that had broken loose. Squinting, they move through the dust cloud and into the inner airlock hatch, where the magic happens yet again. But this time the rusty skills are sharp once again, and the hatch opens as if welcoming family back home!
As she looks beyond, she sees a tunnel! At the end of the tunnel, another airlock! Frustration grows! What manner of idiots would build a ship like this? She wonders. More questions than answers....
As she travels the tunnel, she marvels at the ice through which it was drilled. To her, the ship so far, seems like something a caveman or woman might design. Once at the inner-inner airlock, her wonderful engineer mentions his theory about the ship being of human design.
This bolsters her confidence, calming her nerves. She correctly calculates from her limited knowledge of the Human species, that it would be impossible for them to survive such a long voyage, without some form of suspended animation. So, perhaps they won’t meet resistance.
She’s suddenly glad she had brought 2 very important items with. One is offensive in nature, good for boarding parties. The other is a teaching device, that’s kept inside a small box. It’s something a human might find useful in the grand scheme of things. If she’s to rob, she might as well leave something valuable in return.
Upon getting past the third airlock hatch, she’s not surprised to find yet another. Her blossoming theory of a smaller craft buried inside the ice of the much larger ship, would logically tell of such. For the life of her, she can’t figure what the hell!
Now all barriers for taking this latest victim has been removed. This is where the dark matter meets the road! From here on in, things might get interesting, she thinks as she draws her laser pistol and peers inside the warm ship.
Nyla and teammates enter the bridge, instantly coming face to face with laser rifles pointed in their faces! Nervous shipmates nearly drop circuits out of aft data ports as they’re surprised! Nyla, flinches! Instinctively putting her hands over her face, as if that might ward off the powerful energies that threaten to destroy. “Don’t shoot!  Don’t shoot!”
“Sorry Nyla! Sorry everyone!” Avery apologizes embarrassedly, lowering his weapon. The others follow suit, instantly becoming more relaxed, as they now have support.
Wil walks over, reining in his angry circuits so there won’t be any broken skulls. The group is huddled at the farthest reaches of the bridge as if making a last stand!
“Well .... I’m starting to think I should have called in sick today!” He jokes. “Avery, what’s going on?” He inquires, unthreateningly.
“Look there Wil!” Avery points.
As the newly arrived, gaze with shock at an image of Grey aliens moving past Einstein’s outer airlock hatch, Avery tells of how the ghostly ship had moved too quickly for him to react.
“Have you contacted the Newton?” Wil inquires.
“We did and received a normal status report from the ships computer. All indications show that everything is fine over there.” Avery reports.
“Okay, well that’s a good sign, but I want you to contact them again and have the crew awakened. Tell them of our situation and to be weary until the all clear.... or worse!
“Wil, we’re being boarded!” Talia exclaims, holding Omari’s arm tightly.
“It appears so, my dear. Be brave and get us some rifles from the hurt locker.”
Wil moves to the command chair, checking the current data. He glances at the big monitor, seeing aliens moving along the ice tunnel. Soon.... he thinks.
“It seems we’re going to have uninvited guests today! And to think they didn’t even have the decency to knock!” He manages to stay upbeat about the strange situation.
Anxiety soar like an eagle! Everyone watches with amazement as one of the creatures places a small device on the control panel of the inner-inner airlock hatch. Soon, the traitorous hatch opens as if welcoming family! Three tiny space pirates are now moving along the inner corridor leading to the bridge and whatever booty they hope to find!
Interstellar wheeling and dealing!
“Avery, take that position next to the astrogator.” Wil directs pointingly. “Alina, get behind the seat at navigation. Ryan, there’s a good spot next to the hurt locker. Clare, you’re at life support. Talia and Omari, you two are over there.” He now has a good triangulation of lasers pointed at the hatch. “Nyla, you’re with me, as always.” He instructs smilingly. Circuits heating....
With slim options, the android’s make the best defense possible in the confines of the bridge. Three greys are now leaving the handball court and stalking the corridor towards the bridge! Wil sits lackadaisically in the command chair with weapon pointed from his lap. Nyla stands at his side with laser held at waist level.
“Okay everyone, don’t fire unless absolutely necessary. Everything in here, is very laser sensitive. Let’s not engage a firefight inside a tin-can if we don’t have to. Besides, I have a feeling that these guys could ruin our day, if they see fit. Having said that, I add this little tidbit.... we fight to the end, if pushed!”
A murmuring of acknowledgments from all points, as circuits are half-scared-to-death!
Quietness rules the next long moments. Tension builds! If not for the hum of the engines, you could hear an atom drop!
If staring could produce heat; these androids would be turning the steel hatch white-hot! It’s now the most important piece of real estate in the entire universe! Wil knows that if the intruders dilly-dally or proceed towards the hibernation chambers first, he’ll have to find them.
According to the video feed, the tiny invaders are lurking just outside the bridge hatch. Waving a long thin arm, one of them clickity-clacks demands to an underling. It’s the first real hatch they had come to since finding that huge, empty and beat-up room .... More questions than answers, the lead Grey ponders confusedly.
“Okay folks, here we go!” .... Wil warns, as the latch is turned, and the hatch cracks open a few inches. A thin gray hand with long suction-cup fingers, grips the upper edge of the hatch. Before Wil can do anything meaningful, a small device is tossed and lands with a brilliant flash! A feeble annoyance at best, as androids are greatly immune to flash-grenades!
The hatch is thrown open and a spindly creature lunges inside, crouching tactically. Pointing his weapon, he’s shocked that his victims are not blinded by his little toy and are instead pointing weapons at his own head! .... And so, a good old-fashion interstellar-standoff ensues!
Standing four and a half feet tall, bipedal, and grayish of complexion, the fierce scar-faced warrior boldly glares at his victims.... that might not be victims after all!
Large almond-shaped eyes on his bulbous yet triangular head, take in the threat of weapons pointing at him, so he cools his jets, not making any drastic moves.
He defiantly challenges his captives; eerily blinking his triple-layered eyelids as he stares back at his soon to be prisoners. Instead, the many giants in the compartment are unfazed, and perhaps even angry at such an overt act of foolishness. Not to mention the breaking and entering part! .... He begins to wonder who will actually end up being the prisoners here!
Long seconds go by, as everyone gets a good look at each other. When no other violence erupts from the encounter, another hand with long fingers is placed on the shoulder of the first, gently pushing him to the side. Moving past her brave soldier and into the bridge, the leader of the pirates, quickly deduces that the seated giant is the one she must deal with.
The alien commander had never encountered a human before, but she knows that they are much taller than her species, on average. She also knows that human physiology could not possibly allow for this type of slow, drawn-out, suicidal attempt at interstellar travel!
To further complicate her thoughts, she knows the technology for cryo-sleeping is not even in her own species tool box yet. Also, these prisoners were completely unfazed by the device that was used against them!  More questions than answers....
She’s confused.... Then, the seated one stands, and she quickly suspects that human technology has come a long way, since her last briefing! She strongly speculates, that these aliens who defiantly confront her authority, are not actual humans, but are instead just simple reproductions! Machines! .... To be used, and abused if necessary, until the job is completed!
Nyla lowers her rifle in a show of diplomacy. It’s a new feeling for her circuits, but anything is better than a laser fight at the cosmic O.K. Corral!
She offers the intruders a smile; for whatever it might mean to the little gray buggers. She and Wil are meeting beings from another world for the first time. There had to be a way to make this miserable situation end equitably, and without damage to either side!
After a fashion, a third little armed monster stealthily slinks into the bridge and bravely stands at the side of his courageous leader.
Nyla can easily see, that the one who entered second is the leader of the bunch. This is mostly because of the rank-type insignia present on her jumpsuit. The other two creatures have no such insignia.
She also correctly guesses after a squint, that the leader must be a female of the species. This is due to sensual curves throughout her makeup, while the other two are more streamline and utilitarian looking by comparison.
“Wil, I think this one is the leader. Furthermore, I believe it’s a female of the species.”
Wil is on the same page. After all, he wasn’t born yesterday! “I think you’re right, Nyla. Also, it seems it might be bit chilly in here for her!” He notices with a stealthy chuckle. “And she’s been hurt recently.” He mentions the obvious field-dressing on her lovely gray face.
Nyla, makes a gesture of concern, raising a hand to her own face, then pointing at the bandage. The little intruder clickity-clacks angrily, pointing to Nyla’s weapon.
The lovely android correctly figures that these three have had a recent run-in that didn’t end well. Suddenly feeling pity for the desperados, she figures they might need a tiny break.
Pushing out her bottom lip indicating sympathy, “Poor thing!” she expresses condescendingly with a pouty tone. “I promise we won’t shoot you in the face .... if you don’t make us.” She smiles deviously with index finger hovering over the trigger.
As the standoff continues seemingly into eternity, the alien commander makes her own attempt at communication. Holstering her hand laser, she taps a fist against her chest, tilting her head questioningly.
Nyla’s shocked! “Wil, I think she’s asking if we have hearts!”
“Well, my dear. It might not be wise but go ahead and make her day!”
Shaking her head negatively, Nyla lets the cat out of the bag. The alien commander is shocked! She wonders where these infernal machines are keeping their prisoners!
Wil, figures that what’s good for the goose, is good for the gander. So, with a monkey move, he learns that their unexpected guests are biologic.
The diminutive commander tires of the standoff. She lifts the box she had brought, and places it on the deck plating. While pointing at it and repeating the heartbeat motion, she hopes to indicate that the box is for any humans onboard.
Wil isn’t sure where this creature gets the idea that there might be humans onboard, but he thinks he understands that the box is meant for them, and not android beings. And he isn’t about to let them gain knowledge about their mission; or at least die trying to prevent it!
Offering a quizzical glance and tilt of head, he hopes to put the idea out of the little alien’s mind that the ship of from Earth. Becoming tired of the standoff, he reaches to a data-pad on the command chair and activates an icon.
Pointing upward, he directs attention to a curious site. With a shocked look, the alien commander sees video of dozens more of these giant creatures disembarking from long tube-like chambers. Her smug countenance goes blank! Her black eyes, squint calculatingly! With angry clickity-clacks at her accomplices, she wonders just who is going to be the victims this day!
A tide has turned, and the little Grey knows that her raid had better turn friendlier quickly, before it melts into chaos and capture.... or worse!
At the speed of light, she changes from pirate into businessperson! Pointing again at the box, she raises her arm and pushes a button of her own! From her wristband comes a holographic image. It Illuminates the room with ghostly elemental-symbols. The freshly minted business-person, hopes they are recognized for what they are.
Nyla as always, is quickly on top of things .... “Wil, those are the symbols for gold and platinum!” She says shockedly, noticing an imperceptible shaking of the holographic image. Now at least, she knows the unflappable little alien, is nervous!
“Do you suppose she’s hoping to trade for that little box?” He inquires, incredulously.
“Either that, or she just loves playing with that little gadget of hers.” Nyla jokes, smiling at the diminutive Grey.
While still angry with the rude little creatures, Wil makes a decision that goes against his better judgment. Or more to the point, it goes against his stubborn nature! Looking at the monitor, he sees shipmates moving along the corridor, coming closer. Reaching, he gets on the intercom.
“My fellow shipmates! I call you from the bridge. Please stay back for now. You have been roused from slumber, because we’ve been boarded by hostile beings. We’re now in a stand-off, but a solution might be near. Give me a minute, don’t panic.” He then calls for two items to be delivered to the bridge.
Directing his attention back to the little monsters, Wil hopes to indicate a delay as he holds up an index finger. While the situation hangs in limbo, the first of the pirates looks towards a hatch located on the perimeter of the bridge.
He points a small device, appearing to scan. Suddenly, the scar-faced warrior breaks away from the standoff and moves towards a hatch that even Wil hasn’t opened! A cryo-chamber!
“NO!” .... Wil, projects angrily in a manner any intelligent species would take as dire warning, but the little Grey doesn’t stop! He’s determined to save face from his failure to immobilize his victims during his bold entrance. The piratical female makes no attempt to stop her ambitious soldier. His bravery excites her in ways that would embarrass, if truth be told!
So, in a much easier to understand warning, Wil puts laser rifle to shoulder and translates ‘no’ into a universal language! A much brighter and hotter version of the same thing!
The bridge, glows with red brilliance! The intense beam slices the warrior’s cheek, as everyone jumps! The insolent Grey spins crouchingly, hissing venomously like a pissed-off cat! A spot on the hatch glows white, dripping molten steel onto the deck. Wil is surprised that such a loud protest could come out of such a thin and seemingly toothless mouth!
He must stand his ground! He maintains a dead aim at scar faces head. There will be no further warning shots .... “NO, MEANS NO!” .... He reinforces with weapon motion for the creature to return to his spot! Glancing at Nyla, he notices her jaw had dropped, eyes wide!
The female Grey quickly takes control of her brave warrior with a series of heated clickity-clacks. Begrudgingly, scar face moves away from the hatch, giving the tall android a visceral glare like none other! For his assertive effort, a wink from his admiring commander!
Wil knows full well, that if not for the female commander’s influence, he would’ve had to fry the little beastie!
Just then, a lone android enters the bridge, squeezing past the invading thieves with the requested items. “Thanks, Mason.” Wil says, as he accepts the two bars of metal. Turning to the lead thief, he places a kilo each of gold and platinum on the deck in front of her.
The intruders quickly forget their anger, gathering over the bars of metal, making excited clickity-clacks as the still heated soldier scans the metal. Commander Grey looks to Wil and indicates that she needs five bars of each, to seal the deal. With a booted foot, she retrieves the little box, guiding it behind her as if to say no more booty, no box!
Wil is flabbergasted! The brazen little space-hussy has demanded more! .... He responds exasperatingly. “No way missy!  No way!” Shaking his head negatively.
The three tiny pirates stare at him with astonishment! The female is not sure how to proceed! That’s when Nyla intercedes with an elbow into Wil’s side, sending ‘the look’ his way!
Of all things to avoid in the universe, getting the look from Nyla, is one of them. Because of this, Wil has an unbroken track record of caving when such irresistible force is wielded against him! It’s his Achilles heel! .... So, with a display of ultra-pure acquiescence, like he has never acquiesced before, he gestures to Mason to retrieve the balance due.
“That’s a good boy!” Nyla praises with satisfaction, reaching and patting him condescendingly on the cheek. “Now, who would know better about interstellar commerce, then the highway robber who has the more powerful spaceship?” She jokes logically.
Mason returns quickly, placing the metal bars with the others. After another scan, they are lifted by a beam of light flowing from utility wristbands.
With the pile of booty floating in the air, the lead pirate kicks the little box over to Nyla and moves towards the bridge hatch. The passageway beyond is packed with curious androids, blocking the retreat.
This delay gives Wil a chance to further the trading. He calls to the leader, pointing at her wristband, offering more metal. Except, this is a deal she’s unwilling to make. Shaking her head, she points to the box as if to say, what he seeks is inside there.
Once the passageway clears, the raiding party makes their way back to the waiting spacecraft, making sure all hatches are closed and sealed.
It doesn’t take long after they enter their own ship, that the electronic fog grows stronger on her outer hull as the saucer disengages from her tasty victim. Like a true cosmic-parasite, she leaves an electronic space-hickey on Einstein’s outer hull! He’ll never be the same!
The thieves in the night, are gone in a flash!
Wil and his team inspect the enigmatic box that he was forced to purchase at what he thought was an exorbitant price .... Little did he know, that not only is the box easily worth millions of times the price paid, but the commander would have left it for no remuneration, if necessary.
Inside, they find the box contains a simple-looking headband-shaped device. It seems to be made of a flexible metal of an unknown type, but it has no obvious controls.
“Oh, don’t even try!” Omari finds his voice. “That thing will never fit on your big melon!”
“It seems the size of a child’s head.” Talia hypothesizes correctly, taking it from Wil for inspection.
Looking closer at the box’s inner lid, they see three generic images of bipedal beings. Two are much larger than the third who wears a similar band on its head. Next to the headbanded smaller being, lines are inscribed which add up to ten.
“Well, if it is for a human being, it seems we have lots of time to figure it out.” Wil says, placing the box in a side-compartment of the command chair, where it’ll remain hidden and forgotten for the next many tens-of-thousands-of-years!
Long voyage at nears-end
Traveling backwards for the past 88,000-years, Einstein’s velocity slows imperceptibly with each passing second. The behemoth ship has finally dropped below 110,000-mph.
If put on a scale, he would have gained nearly 45-tons of space dust and debris. Many impact craters on his hull, attest to just how inhospitable outer space really is! If not for the ice....
All four starships seem frozen in time, even at velocities that are difficult to comprehend. Traveling so fast, that if one were to pass your spaceship in a vacuum, you would bet your last space cookie it did no such thing! Perhaps radar might barf a blip or two; but wow it’s fast!
Whereas the endless parsecs of lonely space, puts shame on this seemingly incredible speed. With such vastness, even a million-mph, seems akin to the cosmic tortoise vs the speeding neutrino! In the grand cosmic scheme, even the neutrino is a cosmic tortoise! It’s complicated, I know!
Each ship uses complex navigational systems, utilizing the light from their perspective destination stars as the main guidance for the interstellar journey. If they could only travel at the speed of light, they could make the crossing 3,500-times for each of their one-way transits!
Michael Faraday and Cecilia Payne, win the tug-of-war with the singularity, but lose the time schedule. Faraday, zips past Titania Alpha so fast, a space-radar would hardly blip over it!
Payne on the other hand, eases past much more sedately, yet still too fast for orbital insertion. Had she been able to overcome the speed and obtain orbit, all onboard would have been dead from the deceleration forces involved. Without the slipstream and benefits of inertial dampening, space travel will forever be in the cosmic stone age!
For all the angst, all is still good onboard Faraday. Even with the sling-drift delay, he’ll still achieve orbit at Titania Alpha. Just 11-years behind his sister ship, Cecilia Payne.
Three lightyears away from the Faraday and Payne, the Newton catches up with Einstein as they approach the Oberon Prime system. The apparent size of its single star increases noticeably with each passing millennium!
All systems onboard the starships are maintaining a proper balance between entropy and effective operating conditions.
They sneak up on Oberon Prime like ghosts in the night. Occasionally, lonely corridors are traveled by weary androids who’ve temporarily left their dream-states of wide-open spaces and blue skies, to exercise and check on the dark cold ship.  Even androids get cabin fever!
It’s been 200-years since Nyla, Wil and their teammates have animated. It’s their 865th-time out of the sleep-prisons since leaving Mars, and this time is special! It’s the last time they’ll sleep in space! At least for the foreseeable future!
The Einstein is only 33-million-miles out from its final-destination. In astronomical terms, he’s just pulled into the driveway! Gravity onboard is minimal, as deceleration winds down. All movement is near-comical as the many androids can’t quite float and can’t quite keep their heavy feet on the deck either!
Now, the passageways and decrepit handball court, are filled with life! Android life! The court is smashed and unrepaired, but nobody seems to mind.
Even though refurbished a thousand times, it quickly went to hell and stayed there, after readily available supplies ran dry. While needed supplies are available, they’re inaccessible.
Now, the bridge is the favorite place to hang out. The circular monitor, with their new world shining brightly, allows cabin fever to rear its ugly head, but is tamed considerably!
Ahead, Oberon Prime glows welcomingly at the size of a silver dime held at arm’s length. On the aft monitor is little-old Mother Earth, invisible amongst a sprinkle of stars.
The illusion of space being just a few feet away, bathes their circuits like the best of electronic fun-drugs. Not that they would ever do such a thing! Still....
They soon pass their new star, which is the systems sole provider of cosmic energy. Its luminosity is similar to that of our own star, Sol.
Past a rocky planet they zoom backwards! Slowing along the way! It’s about 120% that of Earth’s mass and has several heavily cratered moons. So, it’s gravity would make for tiresome if not impossible days! Human, or even android lives, wouldn’t matter there!
The star system has 11-planets, and 85-moons. The four gas giants of the system have long-since migrated to the frozen and lonely outer reaches of the neighborhood.
Oberon prime is their target world. It’s the fourth rock from the sun and has 95% the mass of Earth; providing a gravitational edge to android and human lives alike.
The Albert Einstein and Isaac Newton have successfully made the transit from their home world and will soon enter most dangerous part of the journey. Only the launch from Earth, can equal the danger that’s rapidly approaching and totally unavoidable!
Atmospheric entry is at best extremely dangerous, and at worse .... hotter than the lowest depths of hell! Things must go just right, or Mother Nature fries your ass without mercy!
These two starships and the brave astronauts within, may not be the first ever alien species to descend to the planet, but they may very well be the first ones who’ll try to make it their home, and not just another resource to exploit and abandon.
As the starships penetrate deeper into their new star system, the planetary bodies are scanned for artificial radiations. Finding none, brings relieved circuits! While this was expected, closer examination brings more accurate closure with good news!
This is because, less technologically advanced lifeforms will likely require a lesser elbow in the face! As it were....
There’s no turning back now! And no moving onward either! .... It’s quickly become a make or break situation! Life or death and full steam ahead! Look out below, because we might land on your head!!!!
The earthling starships achieve equatorial orbit above the blue-green world of Oberon Prime. Nyla and teammates assist with scanning the world they’re about to invade. Omari launches satellites which will act as science platforms and GPS for the atmospheric entry and landing.
Traveling to Oberon Prime and Titania Alpha was an educated gamble that they could actually settle there and survive. But there’s no other viable option than to make the best of what they find, and force-fit their existence into those worlds if necessary.
In the event that planetary scans reveal advanced life forms. They can stay and fight for existence, or travel another unimaginable distance to another world, and hope they don’t have the same compatibility issues yet again. So, the buck stops here!
Humans have always been a species of animal that force-fits its existence into any ecosystem which it deems necessary for survival, and/or conquest. Sohn’s androids, having been infused with human psychological programming, also lean that way.
They are therefore naturally biased toward this primitive type of survival proclivity. They will not be denied or dissuaded from survival or the completion of this task!
At the science console, Nyla and Talia collect data concerning the flora and fauna. This is not an exacting study, because while Einstein has powerful optics, the cloud-cover over much of the equatorial regions, interferes greatly.
Wil and Omari concentrate efforts to studying the planets many gasses. After all, if the humans can’t breathe properly, this planet simply won’t do!
Nyla finds the first animal lifeforms on the planet. She records the scene below, as several large herds of horned, four legged beasts, move through wide-open grasslands bordered by thick areas of forested highlands.
“Well, it looks like any humans living on this world will at least have something to eat.” She says, before realizing that perhaps these animals might not take kindly to being predated upon. Perhaps they’ve developed along much different lines of intelligence than the similar looking beasts of Earth, she ponders accurately.
Wil, reviews the scan, noticing the herd-like behavior which portends of predation. “Well, if we’ve learned anything about the animals of Earth, it’s that there’s always a food-chain keeping everything in check. Even humans, now and again, become a meal for those with bigger fangs.” He looks to Omari. “Do we know yet what those creatures are breathing down there?”
“Well, according to this readout, I believe any future humans living on this planet, will enjoy the gasses they breathe!” He states enthusiastically, adding....
“Firstly, there’s oxygen at a level of a little over 23%. Now, while this is an elevated level, the toxicity will be negligible. In fact, the human animal will quickly adapt and thrive on the extra O2. Secondly, the other gasses are mostly Nitrogen at about 72%, and the rest is water vapor, carbon dioxide and other gaseous molecules in trace amounts.”
“So, not much different than home!” Talia exclaims joyfully. “That’s a big hurdle! The rest is downhill from here.” She jokes, before realizing how literal those words actually are!
Time marches on, and over the next several days, tons of data concerning the beautiful planet is analyzed, categorized, and prioritized by all android pioneers on both ships.
Everyone wants to play a part during this critical phase of the long journey. The mission and all their lives depend on developing the best possible plan-of-action for their one-time chance of a safe atmospheric entry, and sustainable habitation of Oberon Prime.
After careful consideration of all options, a consensus is reached on where the colony will be located. Of all the continents under consideration, one stands out because of its obvious natural resources that a human colony will need for a viable community.
With the necessary scans of the planet completed, both ships park in a geostationary position above the desired continent. Now, while the term ‘park’ is used, the aliens from Earth are still moving at 23,000-mph in order to maintain a fixed position above the rotating world.
Performing any physical work, is greatly complicated because now there is no appreciable gravity. Yet, compared to before, at least they can float and hover.
It offers extra motivation, as any creatures who’re accustomed to having their feet planted firmly on the ground, will work tirelessly to achieve that state of existence once again! All that ground is only 500-miles below! So close, yet so far away!
Nyla continues the scans of the region surrounding their chosen colony site. It doesn’t take long, before she notices a misty white-apparition, rising from a mountainous area about 20-miles from the valley they had chosen.
“Hey Wil, you better look at this.” She directs direly, also getting the attention of others.
Glancing at the monitor, Wil sees what appears to be smoke, rising from a heavily wooded valley region. “That looks like wood smoke to me. What do you think?”
“Yeah, it looks that way to me also, but I can’t get a more detailed image. But if we were at Earth, I would bet that we’re looking at people created fire.” She puts the terrible statement out there, for all to chew on.
Wil notices a wave of concern moving through the ranks and decides to end any controversy then and there. “I agree Nyla. I’m glad you brought that information to light. Now, let’s not forget that we are not at Earth, and we have no other choice but to fit in as best we can and try to get along with any indigenous creatures we’re about to elbow.” He reminds firmly.
“You’re right of course. Fortunately, there aren’t any cities down there. At least none that stand out. I guess it’s true what they say. If you want to make an omelet, you must break a few eggs.” She states sadly.
With all pertinent data collected and analyzed, the time has come for each of the motherships to be split open, so they can release their babies above a new home world. There’s still plenty of preparatory work to be accomplished before atmospheric entry can occur, and lots of events must transpire without failure.
Nyla and Wil are at the navigation console when the time comes for separation from mother’s cold yet loving embrace. Wil announces the pending action over the ship’s intercom.
He offers Nyla a key, and the chance to initiate the complex series of events that will start them on their way to a new life below.
“Everything has been checked and re-checked, Nyla. Won’t you please be a dear and start the ball rolling?” He indicates the control panel.
“With pleasure!” She exclaims. “But don’t blame me if I push the button wrong, and we end up inside the sun!” She jokes nervously, reaching. That particular button has been waiting to be pushed for a very long time.
She slides a protective cover, exposing the separation system. She inserts and turns the key; arming the system that controls whether they live or die. With the system armed and ready, the lovely android looks to her shipmates, smiles widely and pushes the button!
This action initiates a separation sequence. All electrical connections between mother and the inner spacecraft, are mechanically severed. Monstrous clamps, that’ve held the two halves of her together since her construction, release their tenacious grip. Then, a series of shaped explosive-charges deep within the protective icepack, detonates in timed sequences.
Powerful vibrations and shock waves propagate throughout the entire structure! Thousands of specifically placed charges detonate at critical junctures deep within the icepack!
Anxious minutes pass. Then, like a giant space-peanut, the mothership splits open with a horrendous grinding! With a screech of nails on a chalkboard, the smaller ship is released into space as might a ceramics-mold release its precious statue after the pour. A gargantuan shower of icy chunks flee the scene of the crime in a brilliant splendor of flashy reflections!
The term ‘smaller spacecraft’ is a relative size-comparison, because the newly released vessel is almost 1,200-feet-diameter, and nearly 300-feet-tall at its thickest dimension which is at the center of the bulbous top surface.
It’s a gliding saucer which is less curved on the bottom, when compared to the thicker and domed upper surface. The shape of the spacecraft’s upper surface was designed to be ‘semi-lifting’ and will greatly increase stability during the violent ride to come....
For many generations, humans have feared invasion from space beings in flying saucers. Now, as it turns out, humans are those invading aliens in flying saucers! Yet, these cosmic disks were designed for one-way use only, and don’t have the capability of powered flight.
Upon successful landing, they’ll come in handy as steel habitats against the merciless elements of a strange new world. Humans and android parents will enjoy an instant home!
Structural engineers who built the saucers, rewrote the textbooks on how to build large atmospheric-entry vehicles. They invented new techniques for structural integrity, which increased survivability by many factors. Special attention to detail was paramount when the leading edges and belly of the crafts were designed and built.
Much of these areas consist of robust, 40-foot-thick honeycomb-structures of crushable stainless-steel compartments. This belly area, will act much like composite shock absorbers, soaking up and distributing any forces acting against it.
During landing, the forward leading edge and belly will crush when sufficient force is applied. This will greatly dissipate impact energies before they reach the core of the vessel.
“So far so good.” Wil states, confidently. “We have a clean break, and the two halves of mother are moving away from us. Her hull thrusters are working great. They’ll have her put back together in no time.” He says happily, adding. “Talia, please monitor mother’s recovery. Confirm that all required connections are made, and the locking clamps fully engaged.”
“Why, Wilber Sohn, I thought you would never ask!” She accepts the duty with her best fake southern drawl and infectious laugh.
“Thank you my dear.” He says with a wink.
When the mothership-halves are rejoined, the flying saucers are free to maneuver back to her side by use of thrusters. Crews on each vessel prepare to transfer the weapon systems.
The Einstein and Newton are taking two of the laser/machine-gun pods and both of the missile systems. Leaving the twin motherships with just enough firepower, to leave a sour taste in the mouth of any thieves that come calling!
If a time comes when more weapons are needed on the surface, the remaining systems can be remotely detached and dropped to the planet, via parachutes. Other supplies that couldn’t fit into the entry saucers, will also wait in the cold storage of space, until needed.
There are specialized compartments inside the top surface of each flying saucer. Into these compartments, the weapons will fit. Anything less, and the weight and balance will be out of limits, making flight impossible. Not even Bernoulli’s interstellar cousin could help the lift-coefficient then! 
Atmospheric entry by humans and androids, is usually accomplished by one of two methods. The first and most desirable, is to enter the atmosphere with an aerodynamically shaped glider, hoping the heatshields work flawlessly and you reach an acceptable landing strip.
The second, and less desirable, is to drop supplies and astronauts with parachutes. But this scatters everything in all directions. Any struggling colony would face a compromising challenge collecting the mess. Especially with better things to do! Like trying to survive on an alien world! Anyway, this method is acceptable under worse-case scenarios.
Because of the favorable topography in the valley they chose for their colony, the first method of descent will be used. In addition to requiring a satisfactory landing strip, this method also relies very heavily on the proper operation of the flight guidance system, and hundreds of actuators that take commands from those systems to move the flight control surfaces just right.
While atmospheric entry has never actually been tried with a craft of this size outside of flight simulators, a successful landing will ensure a fortified steel habitat, and all supplies at one’s fingertips, during the first difficult years of transition on a new world.
Either option for descent, will be very hard on the local ecosystem. With humans, and the android-juggernauts they designed and programmed, it’s sometimes best to just get the hell out of the way; or get a cosmic elbow in the face!
Cosmic elbow in the face!
“Okay, so we all agree. First option, it is!” Wil transmits after a vote tally. Either way, it’s a one-way ticket for an express elevator through hell’s fire before a make or break existence!
Still, the landing strip must be prepared! Any outcroppings, whether rock or trees, must be dealt with. And from orbit, with no other options available, they must be dealt with harshly!
With no traditional landing gear, the gliding saucers will smash onto reinforced bellies and leading edges. Hopefully, skidding gently to a lovely stop!
The honeycomb leading edges and belly will act as shock-absorbing battering-rams against any opposing obstacles that remain after the landing strip is softened.
At nearly 1,200-feet-in-diameter, and 102,000-tons, the huge flying saucers will liquefy the softened terrain as their mass delivers irresistible shockwaves of bruising energy into anything of threat that remains.
Cody, completes a survey of the proposed landing strip, offering his best recommendation. “There’s many areas of concern which we need to focus on.” He opens a holographic image program, showing where to concentrate the kinetic devices. Final placement will by GPS aim.
“See here, here and here.” Cody points. “These forested hillocks and rocky outcroppings must be hit and hit hard. The valley is long enough, but the Newton must make double-sure to land on time. Otherwise they’ll have a good chance of ramming us.”
“Well, that wouldn’t be good!” Talia laments as is her way. “We’ll just need to be triple-sure to use all the runway. And I do mean all! Then Newton’s margin for error won’t be so critical.”
“How true my dear.” Wil agrees calmly. “If necessary, we’ll do some ramming of our own. Right into the end of the runway! Just a little my lovely doctor. Just a little.” He laughs hauntingly, as is his way.
Nyla has been feeling uneasy about this all-out and sudden attack of the planet below. She understands that it must occur, but she feels compelled to speak up about an idea that’s been floating around in her circuits. Wil notices she’s dealing with a perplexing issue.
“My my miss Nyla, but don’t you look about to burst; let’s have it.” Glancing around the bridge, he adds. “This is the best time for any of us to voice concerns, opinions or suggestions. Soon, we’ll be committed to living or dying on this planet, so let’s put all our cards on the table, and get it right the first time. There’s no second chances.”
Turning to his better half, he waits patiently for her to form the right words. With saddened circuits, she spills the beans. “We’ve just traveled an unimaginable distance and arrived safely. So, what’s a few more days? I feel as if we’re rushing into this situation too fast; almost as might a human, under these same pressures.”
“If we’re to guide a new generation of humans, instilling in them a reverence for nature, let’s try teaching ourselves that same trick first. Surely there are animals living in that valley down there, and don’t know what’s coming. Whether they are sentient creatures or not, we owe them warning before unleashing hell itself across the entire valley.”
She adds. “Instead of blindsiding them, let’s cool our jets for a few extra days while sending warning shots. Just enough to begin making the runway, while at the same time letting the creatures escape the worst of what’s to come.” She finishes, feeling much better for at least trying to save as many of the innocent lives as possible that dwell below.
Reaching, Wil takes her hand. “Nyla, for a robot you sure do have a big heart! I’m embarrassed for not seeing the error of our ways. As you know, cabin fever is spreading in the ranks. So, let’s put it to vote.” He rebroadcasts her idea to the others and soon a unanimous yes vote. Some grumbling, but unanimous just the same! The next few days will provide the valley creatures a softer elbow in the face. An elbow with heart....
No matter which way, the valley must be won. So, after four days of warning shots, and only several thousand deaths (if you count insects), Cody pushes the big button!
Impact coordinates for each, have been preprogrammed. Hundreds of small spiral-hatches open on the motherly starships as they release fire and brimstone onto those below!
On beautiful pillars of fire, hundreds of tungsten rods from god, rip the atmosphere a new corn shoot! Streaking to their final destination, the brimstone within, builds to truly evil levels!
Hitting with horrific force, the valley will never be the same again! Oberon Prime vibrates like a bell, as the rods rain from the sky! With cracks of the loudest thunder, they penetrate the ground and explode with atomic-like fury! Rocks and trees are flung across the land!
For miles along the once beautiful valley, Mother Nature takes the many cosmic slaps across her proud face! All the while wondering, what the hell!
What’s taken her billions of years to lovingly produce, human designed machines, wipe out in just minutes! .... Well, she’s been hit harder from above, but never so rudely!
“So much for a kinder and gentler, planet acquisition.” Nyla, mumbles forlornly. “Let’s hope we don’t wear out our welcome the very first week.”
Even with the advanced warning, many creatures big and small are sent to their maker as the valley is convoluted and smashed! .... Humans, and their machines, have arrived!
On the highlands bordering the desecrated valley, a group of bipedal cat-like animal’s watch in horror, as the sky above the valley fills with streaks of light and incredible thunder! The ground shakes, as their ancient hunting grounds explode violently in front of their very eyes!
They’re on a 10-day hunting expedition from several valleys over; when the world before them is mysteriously turned upside down, and inside out. They had heard single blasts over the past several days which peaked their curiosity, but nothing like this! The world must be ending!
Fortunately, they understand to stay back from this particular valley. While always a good provider of game, something had angered the spirits there, they ponder. Powerful spirits of the sky rains bad medicine this day! What was once ancient old-growth forest.... is no more.
Why the gods would destroy their hunting grounds, is beyond understanding! With no other choice, they flee like they’ve never fled! Flaming debris falls from the sky, setting bushes and grasses on fire along their path of retreat! They’ve never seen dirt, rocks and flaming chunks of tree’s, rain from the sky! It will take big medicine to understand exactly why!
It will be hours before the area clears of dust, and the results of the invasive procedure fully analyzed. When the results finally come in, Cody and Atara keep a clinical focus on the grizzly data, liking what they see.
“It seems that we now have a viable landing strip!” Cody announces proudly. “We’ve hit with 98% accuracy. The valley now belongs to us!”
Wil checks the data, seeing the truth in Cody’s statement. “Now, we can only hope for a smooth and uneventful drop into our new neighborhood and hope we didn’t piss off any of our neighbors too much.”
With a landing path established, Wil checks the operational status of the newly created GPS system. It performed admirably for the rod drops, but he worries it might fail during the most critical moments of atmospheric entry.
It’s critical to synchronize with the GPS system. Only in this way, can they hope to navigate to the landing strip after flying around the entire planet just to line up with the approach. There will be no second chances to get it right. No going around as it were. And stopping the gargantuan spacecraft within a pre-determined stretch of abused valley floor, is just as critical!
Nyla tries to calm his heated circuits. “Everything is adding up to what should be a smooth entry and landing. Global weather seems to be mild right now, and that can only help.”
“I agree. Let’s just hope this fancy technology won’t let us down. Hard, I mean.” He says laughingly.
Once the drop coordinates are fine-tuned, Atara and Cody take their fateful places at the helm. Atara occupies the left seat with command authority. She’ll take over, if autopilot calls in sick. Cody is first officer, taking over if Atara also has a bad day at the office!
The moment of truth comes closer, as the risky event becomes foremost on everyone’s minds. All except the pilots, enter their chambers for the drop. While they probably won’t sleep, the chambers will absorb the shocks that’re coming their way!
Einstein approaches his drop window as Newton waits in the wings. The big E is not small and has flight characteristics that demand near-supernatural sensitivity and ultra-fast reaction time. Even the lift characteristics are way out of proportion to anything imaginable!
These gliding saucers have lift-to-drag coefficients that would cause Bernoulli to heat lustfully! Controlling such a behemoth has never been attempted outside of flight simulators, and none of the androids had high success-rates while training.
Even though Atara is a computational juggernaut, she can’t hold a candle to the processing prowess of the ships autopilot computers. After all, her internal ‘tilt-sensors’ are only a few inches apart, compared to the ships autopilot system that enjoys a 1,200-foot-arm!
Even though the android CPU can interface with the autopilot system, the desired sensitivity is just not the same as the undiluted version.
“Cody, I can’t do this!” Atara exclaims. “I’m way too frightened to perform if the autopilot fails!” She courageously admits defeat, before it gets out of hand. She had landed successfully many times in the flight simulators, but had also crashed and exploded, with equal efficiency! This time there are real consequences, and she just can’t get beyond the fear factor.
Cody looks at her sympathetically. He already knew that she had reservations about the drop, and he figured if she was going to fold, it would be during the last bit of time before the point of no return came upon them.
“It’s okay Atara; better safe than sorry, I always say. We still have 15-minutes before we break that damned old window anyway. So, let’s have Nyla and Wil sit here in our stead. I think they wanted to be here anyway, and I’m proud of them for not pushing us out of the way, just because they carry the doctor’s last name.”
“Oh, thank you for understanding Cody!” Atara exclaims emotionally. Reaching, she squeezes his hand. “I’m sure the autopilot will do just fine, but still....”
It only takes a few minutes for the replacements to float into the bridge and relieve Atara and Cody. While they hover above the navigation console waiting for the seats to become unoccupied, they look with wonder at the large and beautiful planet that illuminates half the circular monitor. It seems like Earth in many ways, but with differently shaped land masses. The expanses of oceans between the continents, are just as blue as any they ever saw back on Earth.
Wil takes the left seat, while Nyla straps her athletic frame into the right. She’s proud of Atara for putting the safety of their lives, before any feelings of pride. She wonders if she would have been able to do the same, because stubbornness is the name of her game; and she loves winning!
Her flying skills in the simulator were much the same as Atara’s but the decision of who will fly the entry, had been made before she and Wil had joined the group, and so she didn’t push the subject. Why rock the boat....
She reviews the flight-data that’s plastered in front of her face. The many small monitors tell her the story of how the autopilot is feeling at any given moment. She secretly hopes for failure; just to experience an extra-wild ride!
Yet, she also understands the difference between fantasy and reality. Such a monstrous disk would eat her skills alive! So, it’s with sincere appreciation of well-behaved technology, that she reports all systems are a go!
“Captain, autopilot flying the pipe five by five; window coming up in three-minutes.” She reports, as full monitoring of the situation goes critical. They’re fastly approaching the event horizon of Oberon Prime’s voracious gravitational grip. It’s rapidly becoming do-or-die!
“Let’s keep our fingers crossed, my dear.” Captain Sohn, mumbles as he maintains a tight focus on his flight displays. “Are you ready for this?” He breaks concentration in a risky way, waiting for the smartass retort, but it’s not so bad....
“Wild horses couldn’t drag me from this seat. Unless of course they’re dragging me over to that one!” She jokes laughingly, leaving Wil relieved that she’s feeling her electronic oats!
“That’s my lovely! Now, hold onto yer circuits, because we’ll soon be a flaming terror in the skies of Oberon Prime! I hope they’re ready for us!” He announces excitedly, getting his own circuits pumped-up for what promises to be the ride of a lifetime!
The ship breaks the window of no return! Now it’s getting real! The excited mechanical earthlings yell excitedly! “Here we go!” It’s an awesome jinx-moment, but they daren’t jinx the other just then. Not with the Grim Reaper outside, chewing on control surfaces and pulling wires from under the hood!
Circuits heat, as the moments stretch into eternity! With human influenced circuits, they feel a fake-quickening of pulse rate as they speed into the atmosphere at 20,000-mph! Soon, the earthling flying-saucer starts squashing air molecules of an alien world!
They cut deeply into the ever-thickening soup like a space-peanut on fire! Thermally-active cooling systems within the heat shields are working admirably!  Autopilot deftly hunts for the perfect angle of attack, always micro-tweaking. With such a massive undercarriage, the disk has a real chance of skipping off the atmosphere and back into space!
Leading edge and belly glows red, then white-hot as angle of attack is made to be more nose-up. Not an easy thing with a round bottom! Frictional forces build, as a larger surface area is presented. G-forces, nearing the unbearable as they rip the atmosphere a new corn shoot!
Above, the circular monitor shows white-hot plasma creeping demonically up the screen! Like an evil phantom trying to gain ingress, the bridge is illuminated panoramically with a beautiful view of Dante’s hell!
Now, the glowingly hot saucer enters the most critical phase of flight! Breaking through hells fire! Everything is on the line now! .... Nyla and Wil do what they do best .... Survive!
Look out below! Here we come!
Vibrations! .... Vibrations and heat! These are heavy-weight contenders during human-designed atmospheric entry. The ship is passing the worst of the heating. Autopilot has returned the angle of attack back to slicing, instead of squashing.
Wil, is pleasantly surprised at how the saucer cuts the atmosphere so thinly, causing diminished heating on the leading edge. While still extremely hot, temperature are below predictions. “Hey, we’re pretty deep into this soup, and check out those low temps.” Reaching, he taps the indication, hoping it’s not stuck.
“And the vibes are less intense than the simulator too.” She jokes, just as Einstein hits strong turbulence, sending shockwaves through the airframe! Reminding to not relax yet!
Along with heavy vibrations, the craft is slowing, forcefully pushing the astronauts into their restraints. Something that couldn’t be replicated in the simulators, but not a foreign feeling to the seasoned astronauts. More vibrations and gyrations, as autopilot hunts for the best angle.
“I spoke too soon!” She yells with voice sounding as if coming through spinning fan blades. Reaching, she takes Wil’s hand. Suddenly, a dark thought of the weight and balance, breaks like a crashing wave in her mind!
She quickly squashes an image of Carter’s smoking crater that had oddly popped up. If the center of gravity is out of limits.... there’s nothing to be done about it now, she knows. The flight is out of their hands, provided autopilot stays healthy!
Old man Bernoulli reaches, offering a lift to the sexily shaped airfoil that seductively enters his realm. He’s never had such a hot fondle! The heated alien creature from Mars, gladly accepts the caressing massage, knowing she’s in good hands!
He’ll assist until the bitter-end, or until no longer needed and thanklessly vanquished back into the atmosphere, where he always feels more at home anyway! .... Eternally grateful for the cosmic feel!
They’ve slowed to 12,300 and traveled downrange many thousands of miles. Bernoulli hangs on for dear life, laughing all the way! He’s got his work cut-out, as they’ve got to fly nearly all the way around the planet, before they can line up for a single shot at the makeshift landing strip in just the right way.
Wil grips her hand reassuringly, as he maintains a constant vigilance of critical flight characteristics. The worst of the heat and vibrations have diminished; autopilot is taking them down the pipe, five by five!
The active-cooling systems within the heat shields, has saved their bacon! They are past the deadly heating, yet still hot. As long as the saucer continues gliding this sweet spot of descent, their landing strip will be there when they need it. And there’s nothing in the universe that could prevent them from needing it real bad .... real soon!
Altitude; 73-miles.  Velocity dropping to 10,400.
Below, the landmass gives way to open ocean. The blueness is breathtaking, but the exact chemical makeup will remain a mystery for the time being. Large and small islands pass far beneath, receiving horrific sonic shockwaves from above!
More landmass ahead.... coming on fast! Altitude dropping to 48-miles. Airspeed decreasing to 6,000 as Nyla’s excitement crashes the threshold of containment. “Wil, I’m getting an irresistible urge to test the flight controls!” She yells with palpable dread. Her circuits scream for her to reach out and take control!
“I know baby! .... I know! But we both know that autopilot reported them to be working just fine before we broke the window, so it’s out of our hands for now.” He reminds firmly, hoping she doesn’t let her alter-ego Nyzilla out of its dark cage, and reach for the controls anyway.
He knows it would grind the gears of any competent pilot, to be landing without physically knowing if the flight controls work! Not to mention the other big question.... ‘hey, where’s the landing gear handle?!’
Just when the saucer starts feeling unstable, and they’re about to freak-out, autopilot lowers wing-flaps, dramatically reducing the stall speed on the massive disk. Stability returns.
Next, the other flight controls are tested. Staying within the cone of survivability, the big saucer is made to bank left and right as ailerons are tested. Pitch and roll are next as elevators and rudders are worked with satisfaction.
All flight controls check out good, at the expense of slight airspeed. The gigantic machine continues along the imaginary glideslope like a moth to a flame, as the pilots relax somewhat.
The landing strip is now 300-miles downrange, coming on fast! Altitude and speed, dropping just right. They drop below 5-miles, flying ever-closer to their fateful landing.
All along the flight path, animals are nearly frightened out of their minds, as tremendous sonic shockwaves slam the planet with incredible force!
Soon, the flying saucer from Earth is just 2-miles out. Nyla and Wil are once again sitting on pins and needles as they closely monitor all aspects of the descent. Above, the big monitor glows with beautiful scenery flying past. The temptation to take eyes off the flight data and watch the magnificence, is temping like none other! Only an android can resist!
It’s a beautiful day on Oberon Prime, as the earthling disk splits the puffy clouds at 4,000-feet. In the distance, the tortured valley comes on fast. It doesn’t take long before the alien invaders with their fancy flying machine, and ‘get out of my way attitude’, are breaking past the beginning of the miles-long landing strip.
With a diameter of 4 football fields, the huge flying machine makes a horrendous noise as it plows through the thick, dense air of the equatorial valley. It’s done breaking the sound barrier, but it still must push millions-of-tons of air out of its way, as it descends closer to its goal.
The massive machine sends unimaginable shockwaves in all directions! Below, huge ancient trees that survived the bombardment, are easily toppled from the force. The back of the dome is bathed in thick clouds of condensation, as the humid air is violently pulled into the low-pressure zone where Bernoulli works his powerful magic!
Nyla and Wil foolishly brave a look toward the great circular monitor. There they see monstrous trees passing speedily within 200-feet of their port and starboard sides. Seemingly reaching for a glorious clawing of the creature that rudely passes!
Autopilot, flares the big machine, bringing the trailing edge into contact with the planet. With a horrific nails-on-chalkboard-screech that takes their circuits down a dark road, the airframe becomes intimate with Oberon Prime!
“Here we go, baby!” Wil yells, taking her hand. “I love you!”
“I love you too, Wil!  Hang on!”
The saucer drags its tail along the tortured valley for seemingly forever, before settling onto its generous belly and continuing the tortuous landing! Dirt by the ton, fly in all directions!
Gravity, now plays its part, pulling the leading edge of the massive saucer towards the ground! As it settles onto the assaulted dirt and debris, it’s still traveling at 300-mph with the end of the road ending soon!
The honeycomb leading-edge and belly, crush and deform as advertised, taking the brunt of the forces. Speed decreases rapidly! Bernoulli, with cloths tattered, streaks maniacally back into the wild blue yonder, where he always feels more at home anyway! He’s never had such a glorious one-night stand, and lustfully pines for another trollop real soon!
On a granite ridge, high above the valley, the group of hunters have returned. They watch in horror as an impossibly huge bird, split’s the sky and descends with great thunder! It tears into the land, destroying their world even more than before!
The ground shakes as the beast transfers its weight to that of the planet, skidding mercilessly along the valley floor! Dirt and rocks, rain from above as the strange creature attacks! For the life of them, they can’t imagine just what they did to deserve such godly wrath!
There’s a good chance their clan leader won’t even believe such a wild story; except that he’s been feeling the ground shake periodically for the last four days, and already knows that there’s bad medicine afoot!
Nyla, Wil and their shipmates are shaken like rag dolls, as the great machine eats up its pre-ordained part of the landing strip. Pushing an ever-increasing wall of dirt ahead of the leading edge, any forward view is blocked. The once proud flying machine has now become the planets largest plow!
Anything in its path, is violently smashed and added to the impossibly huge pile of debris that’s being pushed ahead of the rapidly slowing juggernaut. Just when it seems that the ride will never stop, the immense saucer grinds to a halt, just a hundred feet  from the end. Well within limits for the Newton to now land safely.
Inside Einstein’s bridge, all is quiet, as Nyla and Wil slump in their seats trying to relax after such a nerve-wracking feat. After long moments, Wil looks to his better half, happily noticing that she hadn’t lapsed into another time-out.
“Well old girl, it looks like we made it!” He exclaims while getting mugged with a hug. “Let’s just hope we don’t get run over by those coming in after us.” He jokes seriously, holding the embrace for all it’s worth!
“Whew! What a ride .... huh Wil?” Nyla exclaims with eyes wide. “Now our wonderful spacecraft has turned into the world’s most durable home!”
“It was a ride I’ll never forget, that’s for sure!” He responds jubilantly, reaching for a guarded panel that controls the leveling of the new habitat.
Before the hot, gelatinous mass of debris under the ship can solidify, he activates the system that will stabilize and level the structure. Under the ship, many wide-footed pilings are hydraulically pushed through the crushed undercarriage, forcing their way into the ground.
The pilots feel the ship move, as its attitude is adjusted and leveled. For the most part, the vehicle is already pretty much on an even keel, but with some slight fine-tuning, it’s now stable and secure.
“Oh…. so, that’s where they put the landing gear handle!” Nyla jokes, and they have the greatest laugh ever!
Soon, others enter the bridge, congratulating Wil and Nyla for the safe entry and landing. The general mood is by far the most upbeat since leaving Earth.
Omari is at the life-support console. “Well, it seems that our cryo-chambers are still intact and receiving power from the generators.” He reports. “All we can do now is hope that the material is still viable after all these millennia.”
Talia is at the communications console; she contacts the Newton, reporting their successful landing. It will be another hour before another entry window opens.
After such a long time of being cooped up inside the ship, everyone wants to get out as soon as possible. They obtained laser rifles from the hurt locker and ascend to the dome. There, 52 cabin-fevered and anxious android pioneers, move through the airlock and into the sunlight of a beautiful alien world!
The leading edge of the saucer is 90-feet above what was once flat valley floor. Now a massive and still smoking pile of dirt and debris, is nearly level with that part of the ship. It’s deathly quiet in the surrounding area, as all surviving animals have frantically fled the scene.
“Wow, we sure made a big mess, didn’t we?” Nyla exclaims, gazing around with wonderment at the tortured landscape.
“Well, one thing’s for sure,” Wil responds, “When human designed machines make an entrance, they REALLY MAKE AN ENTRANCE!” He exclaims emphatically.
Looking at Nyla, he sees a big flying insect land on the side of her neck, trying to take a bite. Before it can make up its mind about whether or not she tastes good, she smacks it with the palm of her hand.... and yet another creature on Oberon Prime meets with a grisly end!
Re-entering the protection of their new home, they watch video feed as the Isaac Newton makes its descent, plowing violently yet gracefully onto the valley floor; coming to rest about a quarter mile behind its brother. Debris falls from the sky, pelting the upper surface of the Einstein with large chunks of rocks, trees and dirt.
Before night falls on the molested valley, the crews from both ships gather on top of the Einstein, celebrating a reunion. It had been an impossibly long time since the two crews have seen each other face to face.
With the sun setting for the first time over their new world, they soak up the beautiful site. Many of them still can’t believe that they actually made the journey in one piece, and look forward to building a future, hopefully in peace....
The next day dawns bright and warm. The star that nurtures Oberon Prime seems smaller in the sky than did Sol, but the luminosity in the visible light spectrum is nearly identical.
Much time and energy is spent cleaning the saucers upper surface, and preparing security parameters around each habitat. For the time being, an armed patrol will monitor the surrounding wilderness for any threat that might come their way.
It rains nearly every afternoon, and analysis of the water shows that it’s fresh water that humans will thrive upon. Much effort is expended preparing staging areas near the habitats. In these areas, prefabricated structures are assembled for holding the many supplies needed for creating a community.
The handball courts are refurbished into multi-level nurseries for when the humans arrive on scene. Aside from security, there is no higher priority for the android pioneers than to establish a healthy and sustainable human population on the planet.
Within a month, both saucers are well on their way to becoming comfortable and safe habitats for androids and future humans. Outside, areas of construction have popped up at various places near the airlocks that now function as security doors after sunset.
Wireless security systems have been set up around each structure that will warn of intruders who have sufficient mass to worry about. Shoot first and ask questions later has been abolished, because there is now a more efficient system that’s able to observe most violations of the perimeter and act accordingly.
So far, the only visitors to the alien colony (besides insects) are small birds and squirrel-like animals that are beginning to venture back to their whacked ancestral breeding grounds.
Also, there have been large cat-like footprints found in the soft soil at the outer edges of the tortured landscape. So far, no sightings of the creatures that had made such tracks.
The suspected animals that made the smoke-trails seen from orbit, haven’t made appearances either. At least none that have been noticed by the eagle-eyed androids on watch.
While the capability exists to explore the region with drone aircraft, or even from piloted helicopters, it’s decided to keep a low profile for the time being. Besides, the helicopters are not even assembled yet.
Any intelligent species in the area is probably frightened enough already, without interjecting magical and noisy flying things that don’t resemble anything they have ever seen. The androids decide to let the dust settle, and get some real work accomplished at home first.
Omari, Talia, have taken charge of preparing the baby-making process inside the Einstein. There’s a tremendous amount of work to be accomplished before any shaking and baking.
Nyla and Wil help as much as they can by setting up the infrastructural equipment and growth apparatuses necessary before any biological manipulation can take place.
Inside the laboratory, they arrange amniotic tanks that will act as artificial wombs during the term of development.
There are five rows of ten each, along with other support systems such as the semi permeable membrane interface that will substitute for the placenta, and dialysis equipment for waste removal during the earliest phase of development.
Other considerations is an array of monitoring equipment for each station, and hormonal stabilization systems. Each amniotic tank can be opened during the development, to perform any fetal surgeries that might be required. One such operation is the rather invasive procedure of splicing an artificially grown umbilical cord into that of the fetus.
These essential organs were grown on Earth and frozen. Because they will be foreign invaders to the little-one’s bodies, all will receive a regimen of anti-rejection drugs that are reduced incrementally throughout the term of the prenatal growth cycle.
Omari is in charge of the operation. He and his team spend long hours calibrating and testing the equipment that will be used in the processes. The Newton also houses a similar laboratory; and before any baking occurs, each of the facilities will be checked by the other team, just to make sure there will be no ‘learning curve’ of mistakes.
A wise human once said that it’s always best to ‘measure twice, cut once’. While this term is used mainly by carpenters, it can also apply metaphorically, when cooking up a batch of human beings; or any other biological entities.
Life in the appropriated valley on Oberon Prime, is becoming a good life. The many android people work tirelessly to create an assemblage of societal structure.
Most of them are trained in scientific fields of endeavor but are quickly learning the ways of nature too. The surrounding wooded highlands are becoming a beacon for exploration as the duties of creating livable conditions within the two camps becomes less with each passing day.
Five weeks into the conquest of the valley, and after all preparatory work has been completed in the fertility lab, Nyla, Wil, and their baby making friends, take a well-deserved break before starting the shaking and baking.
Nyla, sparks enthusiasm for exploration. It’s time to stop and smell the roses! She thinks correctly. Otherwise, what good is life? She ponders wisely!
Her infectious eagerness to explore, becomes an irresistible force that her friends can’t defend against! Not that they actually tried....
“We won’t be gone more than half a day, Wil. And you know what they say; all work and no play .... makes the android go berserkizoid and start killing all humans! Oh wait, we haven’t any yet! Never mind!” She provides compelling argument with a demonic laugh.
“Omari, might I ask that you give her something before we embark? Perhaps an electronic-tranquilizer?” He risks painful retort!
“Sorry Wil, I only work with biologic animals. I’m afraid I have nothing for our dear Nyzilla.” The good doctor laughs, condescendingly patting the lovely android on her face, hoping she doesn’t bite!
For his levity, a wry look and pull on the sleeve. “Let’s cut a rug! There’s only so much time in a day, you know!” Nyzilla leads off with doctor in tow....
“Okay okay, I’m on your tail.” Wil, gives in happily, knowing Nyzilla wouldn’t accept anything less without a bruising battle! Besides, he isn’t ready to kill all humans.... yet! Perhaps after they drive him crazy as a parent.... but not just yet!
New human lives, new best friends!
From a point near the ridgeline, and hidden by heavy foliage, a group of indigenous animal’s watch with curiosity as they see creatures leaving the safety of their camp and heading in their general direction. The leader of the hunting party decides that they’ll shadow these strangers, if they venture close enough.
There really isn’t any game in this valley anyway, but their clan chief requested that they hunt close by and see what they can learn about these invaders who dropped so violently from the sky, changing their lives forever.
The adventurers soon pass the reactor-farm and boundary of their village. The landscape is tortured and twisted. But soon they’re into tall grasses and trees that were spared the worst of the ruthless elbow in the face.
The walking is not labored, due to the weaker gravity. The androids stop every now and then to collect samples of berries, leaves, grasses and other items for future study.
Soon, the landscape tilts upward toward the unexplored areas of the valley’s highland regions. The grasses and small shrubs soon give way to sparse forest and large granite outcroppings.
After finding a rock-ledge that will accommodate their numbers, the alien explorers sit and gaze out over the valley below and the round metallic structures that they call home.
“It’s such a beautiful day, isn’t it?” Nyla says to nobody in particular, as she leans back and enjoys the heat from the late morning star on her face.
“It couldn’t be better.” Wil says, taking her hand. “You can talk me into a walk in the woods anytime, my dear.”
She leans, kissing him before returning to her star worshiping. The moment doesn’t last, as Talia whispers stealthily. “Don’t look now, but we’re being watched from our left.”
The gang of earthlings see the peeping-toms as they try to stay concealed behind a rock outcropping. They notice furry little ears that don’t stay hidden very well. Every now and then, a furry head pokes up just far enough to spy a glance of the sky creatures.
Lifting an arm, Talia waves. “Hello there!” She calls softly.
Well now! .... Now, the cat’s out of the bag and the hunters know their cover is blown! They don’t know whether to flee, hold their ground, or attack!
Nyla makes up their mind for them. “You don’t have to hide; please come out and join us?” She coaxes with her best motherly voice, nearly purring at the feline creatures.
She holds out here hands in an effort to show she’s not armed and dangerous. While Wil on the other hand, clutches his heater, just in case the encounter doesn’t go so well.
Nyla stops him before he truly embarrasses himself. “Don’t you think, mister barbeque? That after we wrecked their neighborhood, we should at least try to communicate, before roasting them to perrrrfection?” She scorns stealthily.
“My goodness yes.... Yes, of course.... sorry, my dearest. My natural defenses don’t agree, but as usual, you are correct.” He sends a friendly wave, instead of concentrated photons, keeping one hand on the weapon just in case the meeting goes horribly wrong!
The leader bravely steps from behind the outcropping, his countenance looking guilty for being busted spying. Nevertheless, he keeps his spear handy, just in case the meeting goes horribly wrong!
With no immediate threat pending, the lead hunter lets his curiosity get the better of him. It might be beneficial to stay and have first contact with these tall invaders from the sky, he thinks. It will be a story for the ages, when he tells of this great adventure! The nightly stories at the firepit will never be the same, he figures correctly!  That is, if he survives to tell any!
Nyla approaches the emerging group of indigenous animals. She’s much taller than any of them, she knows that they must feel intimidated, so doesn’t make any quick moves.
With a wide smile and a bright friendly face, she holds her empty hands out in front of herself once again. The furry-one who stepped out first, seems to be the leader of the group, so Nyla focuses her attention it.
It’s difficult to tell if it’s male, or female. To Nyla’s delight, the animal appears to be of feline lineage. It’s bipedal, standing about 4-feet-tall, and clothed in what appears to be a woven garment of plant fibers that blends well with the surrounding vegetation.
They’re all covered in a layer of thick brown fur, wherever exposed. Surrounding the face, is a circular mane of fur, giving the animals a regal appearance. Especially, when it blows in the morning breeze. With pawed hands having four stubby fingers and opposable thumb, they’re able to grip their rudimentary weapons just fine.
Standing still, the machines and animals gaze with wonder at each other for what seems an eternity. Each side, examining the strange creatures before them.
Then, Nyla moves. She gracefully halves the distance to the leader, who doesn’t flee. At 4-feet away, she extends her hand invitingly, hoping for contact but not a bite. After a bout of anxiety the leader stands ground, extending his own paw in greeting.
“Hello my furry friend!” Nyla, exclaims diplomatically, trying to not seem boring, or too scary. Its a real moment for the lovely dark android. Having first contact with new friends on an alien world.
The furry creature wonders why her paw feels so cold! Even though the day is warm, a chill runs the length of his arm, and into his primitive psyche, causing hidden goosebumps. Oh well, he thinks, at least the giant creature is pleasing to the eye!
The moment flows quickly. Nyla produces a penlight from her pocket as a gift. She hadn’t expected to use it as such, but her seemingly primitive friend might get a kick out of it, she thinks correctly.
Her offer didn’t bring the curiosity she had hoped for! Perhaps because the instrument looked like any other short black stick, that could be found in abundance after the firestorm.
So, she activates the light, shinning it on the palm of her hand. The group of hunters are astonished at such a thing, but with the bright sunshine, the effect is muted. Bending, she places the device on the ground and backs away.
With a pro-offered gift just waiting to be picked up, the curious animal couldn’t resist! Retrieving with newfound inquisitiveness, the furry male busies himself with inspecting the item visually and odoriferously.
Nyla figures it might have a hard time energizing the thing. “Does anyone have another penlight on them?” She asks, hopefully.
“I have one.” Talia says excitedly, handing over her own.
With another of the diminutive flashlights in her hand, Nyla gets the attention of the group. They had become so fascinated with the penlight they seem to have forgotten that they’re possibly still in danger!
“Hello there! .... May I please have your attention?” She speaks firmly. The preoccupied hunters, quickly come back to reality, focusing their undivided attention on the one who offers gifts and makes strange and demanding noises.
As they look, she has another of the stick-things in her paw and is pushing a finger onto one end of it. Nyla shines the light towards them. They are once again shocked at the spectacle, stepping back with wide-eyed astonishment!
Even in daylight, the group of creatures can see the light has appeared from nothingness, and without flame.
“Now you do it.” She says, pointing to the leader. “Just push with your finger; like so.” She repeats the action, causing the magical illumination to flicker on and off.
The brave hunter monkey’s Nyla’s move. The device comes to life at an angle that shines right into their eyes! A near panic, as the leader drops the device as if it’s hot! With grand amazement, they look at the lovely android that shares such powerful magic!
“It’s okay my furry friends.... look.” She shines it into her own eyes. Picking up the fallen device, she offers it once again to the leader of the beautiful creatures. This time the animal maintains a bravado that it had lacked before, moving closer.
The regal animal gingerly takes the device from her open palm and places it in a pouch attached to its waistband. Handing its spear to a companion, it removes a necklace of beads and canine-looking teeth from around its neck, offering it to Nyla.
With fake grand astonishment, she smiles widely, putting her right hand over her chest. “For me? .... My, you shouldn’t have!”
Accepting the gift, she puts it around her neck. Glancing down, she sees just how handsome it looks on her. “Thank you, my furry friend. It’s beautiful.” She extends her empty hand once again and is rewarded with a duplicate contact as before.
She wonders at the welcoming heat that flows from such a tiny paw! It also helps, she thinks wistfully, that the new friends are pleasing to the eye!
Shortly thereafter, the furry creatures begin to fidget, pulling on their leader in a way that indicates they’re ready to end this meeting with the strange ones.
With a wave of arms, the hunting party returns to the heavily wooded hillside, quickly blending into the foliage as if they were never there! Leaving the androids alone on the hilltop. Soon, they too decide to return from whence they came, and head back down the slope towards home, and work.
The next few days are quite uneventful with respect to any visitors from the highlands. All androids keep busy with the jobs required to make their new villages comfortable and safe.
After many of the more prioritized projects have been accomplished, the task of removing dirt and debris from the hatches on the spacecraft, becomes the next big job.
These hatches were never actual airlocks, but instead were designed at various places on the crafts trailing edges that earthy scientists calculated would be close to ground level after the landing. From one of the larger hatches, long rectangular crates are removed and opened.
Soon, it’s apparent that the disassembled helicopters, have made the journey from Earth without damage. While they seat only four people, the diminutive aircraft will still be a powerful tool for exploration. Re-animating the ancient fuel, will be another challenge all together!
On opposite sides of the Einstein’s top surface, large spiral hatches glide open with just a whisper of complaint. From each, weapons systems are hydraulically lifted into the light of day for inspection and preventative maintenance.
The mechanics of the lifting system, along with some of the weapons within, require exacting preventative maintenance to ensure proper operation. All, against the unthinkable time, when it’s necessary to unleash the terrible energies they wield.
Even though their new home planet seems like a giant step backwards in time, the android pioneers know that aggressive species might lurk in the shadows or arrive at the planet at any time. It’s paramount, that any evil intentions directed against them, must be met with the deadliest of force!
The earthly machine-pioneers that now call Oberon Prime their home, have no fanciful illusions of besting an advanced alien species in a firefight. However, to die from the lack of shooting back, is not an option they’ll ever accept!
Next, they busy themselves with painting the top surface of both habitats in a camouflaged scheme. After all, it’s best not to advertise one’s location with a shiny steel roof that can be easily seen from orbit.
The list of things to do is not a short one. One of the more important ones is to assist the planet with healing the miles-long scar that runs the length of the valley floor. Any beings scanning the region from orbit would easily notice the unnatural wound in the land, that leads directly to the new colonies. It’ll take years, but new growth will eventually take hold.
Back at the Einstein habitat, Omari and Talia are ready to start cooking! The entire mission has been conceived and carried out for this very moment in time.
They approach the cryo-freezer on the bridge, Talia runs her fingers over the laser impact site from so very long ago. It’s a frightful memory deep in her circuits, but she quickly regains focus.
“Let’s hope the viability rate is within estimates.” She says as Omari breaks the seal that’s been in place for nearly an eternity....
“Well my dear; there’s only one way to find out.” He responds clinically, as he unlocks the hatch, pulling it open.
A great hiss and frosty tempest of swirling condensation hits them in the face! The tremendous temperature-differential forms a nice little snowstorm that rolls into the bridge, finally free from confinement! It blasts the androids, leaving eyebrows coated with ice before subsiding.
As the tempest dissipates, Omari and Talia enter a long, narrow compartment. Many cryo-units are stacked one on top of the other. They choose one in particular, removing 13 cryo-containers holding biologic materials from times long past.
Hopefully, these will be the first earthlings born on an alien world. They choose another 37-samples from predetermined locations, quickly reseal the vault until another batch is needed.
“Nyla and Wil help as much as possible, but without formal training in the advanced methods needed for such delicate work, they soon feel like third-wheels amongst the busy doctors. So, without fanfare, they make exit and let the professional cooks do their thing!
Omari and his team set up rows of Petri dishes in preparation for the first lucky series of zygotes. The first selection of genetic material is found to be within the predicted viability range of 69%. Omari fine-tunes his selection, cherry-picking the most robust sperm and eggs that he can detect within each individual packet of material.
With magnification, he deftly vacuums into a needle the strongest single sperm and readies it for a very intimate introduction to its pre-chosen mate.
He maneuvers the hyper-delicate injection instrument, so it pushes with just the right amount of pressure against the Oocyte wall. After so long in frozen conditions, the egg wall has grown thicker and tougher, than what might be considered normal.
The micro-miniscule needle finally exceeds the penetration threshold of the egg wall and gently enters the temple. Then, the chosen-one is forced along the needle towards his new home.
As he rapidly approaches the end of the needle, he somehow finds the one and only imperfection protruding from the inside wall of the needle and clunks his little sperm head along the way! The poor thing!
Squirming angrily and tumbling with his first head injury, the pressure of the injection pushes him head-over-squiggly-tail, into the temple of cytoplasmic embrace; where he quickly unleashes ancient genetic materials.
It’s the first ever conception of a human being outside of our solar system! Albeit a head-clunking push in the right direction!
Then, after the intra-cytoplasmic injection occurs, the fertilized egg or zygote is placed within a Petri dish and allowed to divide for about 48-hours; or until it has attained a mass of at least eight cells.
At this point, the growing bundle of joy is transferred to an artificial amniotic tank that will promote growth and provide protection from any outside influences, as the nutrient liquids are circulated and filtered of waste materials.
Once the fetus has obtained a certain mass, a complex and invasive technique perfected by Dr. Max’s scientists, allows for an artificial umbilical cord to take over the job of introducing nutrients to the fetus, and removal of waste material.
Both of the In Vitro Fertilization laboratories, and their respective teams of android scientists, work tirelessly for the doctor’s dream to come to fruition. If successful, the remaining androids will soon have their hands full with the development and chasing after, of the first ever human children not born on Earth, Mars... or in-between!
With so much happening so fast after they landed on Oberon Prime, Nyla and Wil didn’t have a chance to watch the few videos of their old friends from Earth. As much as they want to see them, they both know that it’ll be a bittersweet emotion to see their long-dead friends once again.
Yet, now that there is time, wild horses couldn’t keep them away from such a viewing. So, they find a nice quiet area inside the newly remodeled nursery and set up the monitor.
They nestle together on a comfortable cushion and to their surprise, there are fewer videos than expected. One of the most memorable of the videos, takes place in Kara and Braxton’s family room at their estate in Belize. It was recorded about three years after the motherships had left Mars.
Of all the recordings, it seems to best reflect the many different personality types that made up their group of friends. They all look healthy and happy, except for Harper, who tries to hide in the background so the cast on his leg won’t be visible.
Toby makes it her duty, as the person in charge of the video production, to make sure that ‘the cast’ makes at least one appearance! After all, the way Toby figures things, why should her good friend, suffer the wrath of a panther attack, and not be able to show off the broken leg he obtained while fleeing from the angry beast!
Max and Shirley are center stage. “Hello Nyla. Hello Wil.” The doctor’s voice vibrates the air molecules of a new world. “I’m guessing that if you’re watching this video, then you have probably landed on Oberon Prime, or some other habitable world. We hope you two and your shipmates, are having a successful time out there! We miss you very much and love you even more! Stay safe and have a good life!” He finishes before getting choked up.
“Hello Nyla, hello Wil.” Shirley adds her greeting. “We miss you terribly! Please be careful, and don’t take any wooden nickels!” She jokes, beamingly. Nyla puts her hand to the necklace that her furry friend had given her and is sure that Shirley wouldn’t consider it to be within that class of worthless trinkets.
The greetings continue from friends that had long ago passed into dust of history on a stressed-out planet. At the end, the whole thing just made them feel sad. Until they remember who is being grown in the fertility laboratory!
Time passes kindly for the aliens from Earth. Nyla and Wil make themselves useful by working in the android research and development facility.
Although each was sent from Earth with a clean bill of health, some components in the androids advanced systems just fail to perform as advertised and require either replacement or re-calibration. Mostly, the maintenance centers around repairing damaged outer layers of synthetic skin, or adjustments to voltage regulators.
Every few days, Nyla drags Wil into the shake-n-bake facility to check on the progress of human development. Soon, the two visitors are beginning to learn the procedures and nuances of the delicate methods required. With each visit, Nyla firstly checks on the latest data from an integrated ultra-sound system, which monitors each fetus on a weekly basis.
She’s completely enthralled by watching the babies grow, and notices that as time passes; it takes less and less effort to coax Wil into visiting the laboratory. The first batch of yet unborn human animals consist of 40 females and 10 males.
Most of the genetic material enjoys a 69% viability rate. With the best equipment that money can buy, Omari and the others have high hopes!
One fine day, Omari calls for Nyla and Wil to leave their tasks at the android facility and join him and his team in the laboratory. The time has come for the first oven to be opened, and the little loaf of bread poked with a fork to see if it’s done!
As they enter the laboratory, the process of birth has already begun as Mirel and Owen are draining the first amniotic tank.
Talia moves in to assist as a seal is broken and the oven opened. Nyla, glows like a newborn star at finally seeing her first non-virtual glimpse of the squirming little brown body within.
Talia carefully reaches into the tank; clips the umbilical cord and begins to remove the slippery infant. If not for Nyla’s ultra-quick reactions, the baby would have clunked its tiny head against the rim of the tank, as Talia loses partial grip on such a frictionless body.
“My goodness! Thanks, Nyla!” Talia exclaims as she successfully reengages with such a squirming animal. She holds the baby upside-down to better open the throat and brachial passageways. Nyla holds a basket underneath, against the chance of yet another fumble!
Omari moves in quickly with an electronic device, delivering onto the baby’s backside, the first spark of pain in the little males hopefully long life!
The group of androids are immediately bathed in the chillingly loud and unrelenting wail of the first human baby born on Oberon Prime! He screams bloody murder from the unprovoked attack on his once peaceful existence!
Taking in massive quantities of air for his tiny size, he exhales huge volumes of protest! Suddenly, this alien world, didn’t seem so alien any longer! Nyla, swoons!
Everyone is in seventh heaven, as the reality of the moment sinks into their circuits. It’s been so very long, since they’ve seen one of the species that’s responsible for their own creation.
Doctor Maxwell Sohn’s, dream of spreading humans into the cosmos by use of sentient technology, is rapidly becoming a win-win situation for both species! The doctor called on all his lucky-stars when he launched this mission; and they’re now beginning to shine brilliantly!
Nyla has been waiting for this specific baby to be born. He was the first into a Petri dish, and first out of the oven. She gathers a clean towel and Talia places the still kicking and screaming infant into her waiting arms.
After long moments of gently cooing and rocking, the baby settles down in her embrace. None of the other androids are surprised when they see how easily she calmed the little animal. She can radiate contentedness, when she wants to.
They know that she’s already bonded with him for life, when she looks up and gently informs. “This one is mine and Wil’s .... His name is Harper .... Harper Williams!” She gently carries him across the laboratory to a cleansing station, where he’ll receive his first ever, warm and soothing sponge bath.
In fact, there are twelve more babies within the first batch, that will soon go home with her and Wil. As they grow, Nyla will often think of them as her dirty dozen; albeit a ‘baker’s dozen’ who are always in need of a bath!
Home for the time being, is a partitioned section of the ancient handball court. Omari is pleased that all is working out satisfactorily. All newborns must go to their respective parents, soon after being brought forth into the world. The laboratory is just not set up for anything other than shaking and baking; and perhaps short-term care, if necessary.
Approximately 3-lightyears away, the Cecilia Payne is making steady progress towards Titania Alpha. Soon she’ll be entering her own new solar system, and the Michael Faraday is not too far behind. Humans now have a new lease on life; and will hopefully live long; and prosper; as android parents work tirelessly, to make sure all is right in their world. At least until there’s a self-sustainable population. Then.... Well.... then all bets are off!
The End!
Continued....  Breaking Interstellar: Cosmic Lives Matter!
I hope you’ve enjoyed my imagination! .... Please send comments, if any, to michael_tobin411@yahoo.com or perhaps even leave a review. That would be great!  Until next time; may you always have an interesting book to read! .... Best regards: .... Michael Tobin!
Now, I leave you with some famous quotes of note

Ralph Waldo Emerson!
“A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds! It is adored by little statesmen, philosophers and divines. With pure consistency, a great soul has simply nothing to do. It may as well concern itself with the shadow on the wall!

Albert Einstein!
On relativity: “When a man sits with a pretty girl for an hour, it seems like a minute. But let him sit atop a hot stove for just a few seconds - and it’s longer than any hour! That’s relativity.”
On certainty: “As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain: and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality, that’s for certain!”
On mystery: “The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and science. Whoever does not know it and can no longer wonder, no longer marvel, is as good as dead, and his/her eyes are dimmed.”
On imagination: “Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited in scope and propagation to the masses, whereas imagination is limitless to everyone and encircles the world!”
On children: “If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales.”
“A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.” A.E.
“You never fail until you stop trying.” A.E.

Isaac Newton!
“No great discovery was ever made without a bold guess.”
“We build too many walls, and not enough bridges.”
“Tact is the art of making a point, without making an enemy.”
“Diamond! Oh Diamond! Thou little knowest the mischief done!” (yelled at his dog, who knocked over a candle, setting fire to his papers).

Michael Faraday!
“There is no more open door by which you can enter into the study of natural philosophy than by considering the physical phenomena of a burning candle.”
“I happen to have discovered a direct relation between magnetism and light, also electricity and light, and the field it opens is so large, I think richly.”
“A person who is certain they are right, is almost sure to be wrong.”

The lovely Cecilia Payne!
“No idea should be suppressed, and this applies to ideas that look like nonsense. We must not forget that some of the best ideas seemed like nonsense at first. Truth will prevail in the end, if all ideas are bantered about equally. Truth will be naturally sifted from the chaff by a law of intellectual anti-gravitation and sent into orbit!”
“The advanced course in physics began with Rutherford’s lectures. I was the only woman student who attended, and the regulations required that women should sit by themselves in the front row. There had been a time when a chaperone was necessary but mercifully that day is past. At every lecture, Rutherford would gaze at me pointedly as I sat by myself under his very nose and would begin in his stentorian voice: “Lady and Gentlemen”. All the boys regularly greeted this witticism with thunderous applause, stomping of feet, and grunting in the traditional caveman fashion. And at every lecture, I wished I could sink into the earth and quietly take notes from there! To this day, I instinctively take my place as far back as possible in any lecture hall.”
“The laboratory work was the province of Dr. Searle. An explosive, heavily bearded nemesis who struck terror into my heart! If one made a blunder, one was sent to stand in the corner like a naughty child! He had no patience with the women students. He said they disturbed the magnetic equipment. And on more than once, I heard him shout ‘Go, take off your corsets!” A great deal of females then, were transitioning to steel stiffeners instead of whalebone, and this perturbed his calculations! Yet, for all his eccentricities, he gave us excellent training in all types of precise measurement and in the correct handling of data.”
“Young people .... Especially, young women, often ask for advice. Here it is: Do not undertake a scientific career in quest of fame or money. There are easier and better ways to reach them. Undertake it only if nothing else will satisfy. For, nothing else is probably what you’ll receive.”

Nikola Tesla!
“Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.”

Stephen Hawking! (try to imagine his grand, electronic voice.)
“We are just an advanced breed of monkey on a minor planet orbiting an average star. But we understand the universe and that makes us very special.”
“Quiet people tend to have the loudest minds.”
“My expectations were reduced to zero when I was 21. Everything since, has been a bonus.”
“I have noticed that people who assert that everything is predestined and can’t be changed, still look both ways before crossing the street.”
 “People who boast about their IQ’s are losers.”
“I don’t think the human race will survive another 500-years if we don’t expand into space.”

Democritus! (460BC - 370BC)
“Nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is just opinion.”
“Throw moderation to the winds, and greatest pleasures bring the greatest pains.”
“Our sins are more easily remembered than our good deeds.”
“By desiring little, a poor person makes themselves rich.”
“Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold. Happiness, resides in the soul.”
