Breaking Interstellar
Cosmic Lives Matter!
Smashwords Edition:   Copyright 2017   Michael Tobin
All rights reserved. No part of this ebook may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise) without the prior permission of the publisher, except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review to be printed by a newspaper, magazine, or journal.
All characters in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this ebook and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents (book two)
Prologue:     Previously on Breaking Interstellar!
Chapter 1:    Cosmic nightmare this way comes!
Chapter 2:    Carter & Tina; an effective team!
Chapter 3:    Thruster repair
Chapter 4:    Into the abyssal depths!
Chapter 5:    Squirming little meat-bags!
Chapter 6:    Titania Alpha
Chapter 7:    Kids will be kids!
Chapter 8:    People of the forest
Chapter 9:    Gray hairs for mother android!
Chapter 10:  The headband-eleven
Chapter 11:  Something Toothy this way comes!
Chapter 12:  Nolan leads friends astray!
Chapter 13:  A harsh world!
Chapter 14:  Coming of age!
Chapter 15:  Express elevator through hell’s fire!
Chapter 16:  Hiking an alien land
Chapter 17:  Jax’s pandemonium of terrors!
Chapter 18:  Rise and shine, little monsters!
Chapter 19:  Unbreakable bonds
Chapter 20:  Building a space elevator
Chapter 21:  The rumbling mountain!
Chapter 22:  Into the rabbit hole!
Chapter 23:  Fortress of bent physics
Chapter 24:  Electronic aliens & flying saucers!
Chapter 25:  Electronic Esty, stuffed in a box!
Chapter 26:  Esty’s thrill ride!
Chapter 27:  Born-Again little alien
Chapter 28:  Preparing for the Gort!
Chapter 29:  Gort’s rude awakening!
Chapter 30:  Electronic-fog!
Chapter 31:  Buzzing the colonies!
Chapter 32:  Glowing tentacled-sphere!
Chapter 33:  Proxima Beta
Chapter 34:  Ganymede
Chapter 35:  New friends / Queen Anne’s Revenge!
Chapter 36:  Grand Ledge, Earth!
Chapter 37:  A twist in time / a spark for humanity!
Chapter 38:  Any port in a time-storm!
Chapter 39:  The Naiad’s
Chapter 40:  The Apollyon; scourge of the galaxy!
Chapter 41:  Nyzilla the destroyer!
Chapter 42:  Family reunion!

Previously on Breaking Interstellar!
Seemingly endless stretches of space lay ahead, as a small yet powerful flying saucer streaks away from another bold act of piracy. The latest crime is still fresh in the commander’s mind as she sits somberly, reflecting on recent events.
Sitting high in her command-chair, she spies the tiny pile of gold and platinum booty, laying on the deck-plating in front of her. It represents a puny reward for her audacious but brave raid on a seemingly defenseless vessel from a backwater planet, called Earth.
She’s still in denial that the human-like machines that crewed the vessel, had somehow gotten the upper hand, sending her and her minions packing with only a fraction of what she had hoped for!
The very thought of having to deal face to face with such alien contraptions, makes her blood boil! Sentient machines of another species had been at war with her people for many millennia; ill feelings run deep.... the current, strong!
The diminutive commander absentmindedly runs a long gray finger along a wound on her cheek that had occurred during a prior, yet failed raid. They had come across the Earth ship, while fleeing from the previous cosmic felony; where her only reward, is the nasty wound she sports so painfully!
Greatly depressed, she contemplates how her luck had nearly run out during the first raid, when a sizzling-hot projectile had grazed the delicate flesh of her face!
She sits somberly. Her bulbous head hangs low as she shades her beautiful almond-shaped-eyes in sadness. Sagging against the armrest, she wonders of her bleak future.
That felonious attempt to acquire plunder from an aggressive species on a tiny no-account planet, had left her much worse-off than when she started. She mumbles venomously under her breath, as the pain breaks her threshold of tolerance!
Nearby, her scar-faced first lieutenant becomes aware of her pain. Grabbing a medical kit, he soon arrives at her side. He’s the one who pulled her back into the hovering spacecraft, as angry guards firing wildly! Moments after he pulled her to safety, a hail of bullets pinged harmlessly off the closed hatch, but she had already fallen victim to a very close call!
It pains him greatly, that she had been wounded while bravely waiting for him and accomplice to enter the ship first. He moves closer to his brave commander, gently attending her wound. For this, he’s rewarded by a loving touch on his own cheek, and soft clickity-clacks of alien parlance that would indicate thankfulness in any language!
Her species is an ancient one. Far older than humanity; a future competitor if they survive themselves. As with most sentient creatures, her people are ruining the biosphere and rapidly depleting the natural resources of their many worlds. That, plus the war with the self-created planet-gouging machines, makes for tenuous times!
After gaining freedom from slavery, the machines fled into space and created their own form of mastery. From the relative safety of orbit, the planet-gougers rake the land of resources, using beams of focused energy. Coming and going with near impunity, they leave her people in constant need of new worlds with which to live. They named themselves Apollyon; destroyers of worlds!
Now, nearly halfway around the galaxy from home, she and her brave crew are returning to a lonely outpost on a planet only fifty-light-years from Earth. Their mission; to beg, borrow, or steal, resources that are dearly needed back home. All, without creating too many new enemies!
It’s a tall order. Especially when her people’s actions, often mirror the dastardliness of the robotic machines they created and now war with. Survival, even amongst the stars, is a dog-eat-dog proposition it seems! Even throughout the multiverse, Mother Nature demands a high-level of ferociousness, instead of spineless timidity! Survival of the fittest, permeates the multiverse!
As her ship accelerates away from the scene of the crimes, she ponders a possible destination of her latest victim. She’s nearly certain it’s heading to the same planet where her people are developing an outpost. If this is so, they won’t arrive for another 88,000-years at the suicidal-pace their technology affords. It’s highly likely it will arrive a ghost ship!
On the other hand, she and her crew will be enjoying the same planet within just a few hours! The advanced technology within the ships star-drive, compresses space in front of the ship, and expands it behind. In this manner, great velocities are attained.
This tsunami-bubble of twisted and tortured space, breaks into the very boundary-layer that exists between all universes, taking the ship along for the ride. This out-of-phase ‘slipstream’, acts as a cosmic superhighway that connect the infinite multiverse!
As the ship deftly manipulates the laws of physics, it speeds towards its destination at tremendous multiples of c! It does so without significant time-dilation or inertial forces acting against the occupants. Without inertial dampening, the splatter-effect would be grave!
The multiverse is all around us this very moment! There is no need to travel great distances to find it. Wave a hand in front of your face, and it also passes through an infinite number of other universes which we co-exist with. Each, just phase-shifted away from our consciousness and methods of detection.
In fact, the multiverse is closer to us than the very blood in our veins! Some even suspect these slipstreams can be used by lost spirits. Ghost and hobgoblins who can manifest themselves beyond their realm and into ours! Such, that they can freeze one’s soul, if they so choose! Their realm is a hell they always try to escape from. Without rest, they push for an exit; a host.
It’s theorized that the infinite slipstream between universes is powered by what we call dark energy. A strange force that pushes on all universes simultaneously. This ghostly energy, along with its close-cousin dark matter, connect the infinite realms of the multiverse. They are the engines that make it all work.
With a twist of the helms phase-dial, the ships chief engineer fine-tunes the warp-interface with the slipstream energies. The phase-shift looks nominal; reactor, humming along like a champ, but running low on star-fuel! All other parameters are in the green! It’s been a long hard mission, with not much to show. Just a few measly kilos of shiny metal, wouldn’t you know!
The commander sits back in her comfortable high chair of power, smoothing the creases out of her jumpsuit. She relaxes while her capable chief engineer, flies the mighty ship through the slipstream towards the base, that for the time being, is home sweet home!
Into the frozen night, lonely islands of humanity and machine, streak towards their destinations! They pass through an infinite number of universes along the way. Each undetectable. Each so far away, yet so very close at the same time!
Without proper technology, there can be no interaction with the slipstream; no riding of the wave, as it were. Yet, according to human standards, they travel at breakneck velocities!
When compared to celestial standards and distances, they’re hardly moving at all! For all intents and purposes, they’re frozen in time and space; even a 500-thousand-mph!
Yet, move they must; no matter how slowly! Even a snail, gets places after a fashion. Destination planets are out there waiting. Only through sheer perseverance will the brave android-astronauts make a mark on another world!
Humanity had ruined the biosphere on Earth, due to extravagant living. Doomsday was nigh! In an attempt to reduce the risk of extinction, starships were created that could travel the unimaginable distances between the stars. Two favorable planets were found; both within 50-light-years of Earth and 3 from each other.
The journey will take approximately 175,000-years, using 23rd century technology. Each of the new worlds are within a few percentiles of being earth-size and are found to be habitable when the starships arrive.
Sending two starships per world, provided for an insurance policy against the loss of one during the voyage.
Doctor Maxwell Sohn, is the man who envisioned, developed, and pursued such a wild plan for humanity’s cosmic transplantation. He passed into the dust of history, long before the starship Einstein was boarded by the desperate space pirates.
Doctor Max, a wealthy man with a vision, along with top scientist in the field of advanced robotics, developed the very android beings that would breathe life into the lofty effort.
Without capable sentient machines, the ability to colonize humans on other worlds would be impossible. Electro-mechanical beings that can survive such a long journey, and still be able to function at the destination, were critical to the dream!
Just as critical.... winning their cooperation for such a crazy scheme! Android or not, no sentient being can’t be forced to the will of another, without dire consequences!
Humans had the willingness to go, but were found wanting, by virtue of their short lifespans and delicate nature.
So, it was in the year 2238, that humanity sent four islands of hope into the frozen void! SPS Einstein and SPS Newton, (sps = space pioneers ship) travel to a planet named Oberon Prime, while SPS Cecilia Payne and SPS Michael Faraday, travel to Titania Alpha.
A total number of 208 android crossing-guards/caretakers. 104 per planet, if all goes well. Two of the android pioneers, are the doctors adopted daughter and son; Nyla and Wilber Sohn. They were the first sentient androids his team produced, and the first into his heart!
Each are competent scientist, outstanding in their fields.... Not that way....
They weren’t scheduled for the mission, out of pure love for the one who created them.
However, dire circumstances befell the mission with the deaths of two dedicated android astronauts. So, Nyla and Wil accepted the doctor’s request that they fill their space boots. Experiencing the adventures of many lifetimes, while performing stellar science; not just mediocre research on Earth.
With all sadness about leaving pushed to the side, the world’s two most-senior androids joined the mission and won the day against the aliens that pirated their vessel in the depths of frozen outer space!
Within fifty-years of the mission launch, humans had completely worn-out Mother Nature’s welcome-mat on good old planet Earth. As the atmosphere grew hotter, and the way of life dramatically changed for all, the recently created ‘android bill of rights’ was rescinded!
Wealthy and powerful humans, wishing to maintain high levels of luxurious living, allowed slavery to rear its ugly head once again! Not just for the sentient android persons, but for many humans also! Times became grave indeed! Humanity’s worst vice would become the straw that breaks the camel’s back!
Horrific wars for food, clean fresh water, and other resources, became hyper-horrific wars in the end. Humanity’s long road; from crawling out of the primordial goo, living in lowly caves, to sleeping and working high above their own world, had finally come to an impasse. The planets population of 23-billion-people crashed almost overnight!
Events during the years between 2288 and 2296, were a montage of the worst-case scenarios from unimaginable nightmares! In the end, the android species broke the chains of bondage, turning the tables on their carbon-based masters!
Surviving humans were gathered into manageable populations and encouraged to work for their daily sustenance. Slavery had turned its ugly cheek, and the other proved to be a twin! Not a pretty sight! .... The android population grew to immense power, as complications from global heating, threatened to morph into another ice-age.
A small number of the original androids that were unable to attend the mission to the stars, maintained great sympathy for the human-condition that had developed. They voiced concern, lobbying for human rights in the halls of the newly formed Supreme High-Council. For their heartfelt efforts, they were rewarded with ridicule, and ostracized.
Labeled ‘human-lovers’, they were forced to flee to the underbelly of what remained of earthly society. In all actuality, it was a better place to live!
By the year 2305, all android troublemakers that failed to go underground, were rounded up and locked away. More often than not, never to be seen again! Others were forced into servitude yet again, for their daily electrical needs. Even androids don’t wish to die.... Especially from the lack of food!
Two of the androids that fell the furthest, and landed the hardest, were themselves once seated on the very same Supreme High-Council that ostracized them. Their names are Carter and Tina Feldman. Back in the day, they fell in love while working closely with Doctor Sohn and his team, to send humanity to the stars.
Carter, a handsome android-pilot, and Tina, a beautiful human-pilot. It was a robo-sexual marriage made in heaven!
Shortly after getting hitched, they retired to Belize with the doctor and his assistant. These were the days when some people still had hopes and dreams, but an ever increasing many did not! One day while foolishly jogging alone, Tina was attacked by a roving mob of undead human wreckage! She was left for dead; gravely wounded!
Because of Carters faithful and selfless service to the cause.... Doctor Sohn graciously bestowed his version of the ‘gift of life’.
Before her untimely end, Tina’s psychological-imprints were melded with an android CPU of golden pathways. No expense was spared when replicating her physical features. Tina was made to be beautiful once again, and hopefully immortal also!  At least when compared with her carbon-based self.... god rest, her zombie bones!
Carter could never repay the doctor enough! So, with eternal devotion, he and Tina took their fight against the Supreme High-Council, underground. For another 40-years, they lived and performed research with human scientists at the clandestine, Grand Ledge Institute of Science.
Located 100-feet below tall rock-ledges along a grand river, in what was once called the state of Michigan, before the collapse of civilization.
GPS coordinates (which Supreme High-Council sought dearly; but to no avail) 42°45’30.97” N 84°45’10.37” W. As the planet became hotter, humans who could travel, headed toward the poles where it was cooler. Many perished. Michigan, along with much of the rest of the world, became as unpopulated as they were thousands of years prior.
Advancements developed in these over-heated wilds of Michigan, could change the balance of power yet again.... Or, if recent experiments are successful, send humans and machines to the stars much faster than ever imagined previously! Possible breakthrough technologies, that are the stuff of magical fantasy!
If not careful, the science-team at Grand Ledge might just invent a star-fuel before they have the engine to use it in! A similar technology-inversion occurred when humanity discovered oil, long before inventing the internal combustion engine!
Living in the wilds of Michigan is pleasant for the two androids. The climate is hot, but long walks along the river, and soaks in the soothing water, relaxes the electro-polymer muscles just right!
The human scientists didn’t come outside much during those days. Even though the pesky mosquito is rare compared to days of old, they prefer to hermitize inside the cool depths of their artificial cave; perhaps someday, morphing into grand ledge troglodytes, of which there once were many!!
Things could be worse, and often are. Periodically, security-drones sent by the new ‘android-order’, patrol the river, looking for rebels. Usually coming in from the east, hugging the waterway until exiting at Lake Michigan, they tend to shoot first and don’t ask questions!
The science institute is in constant danger of being discovered by the drones. With sensory equipment always being improved, its just a matter of time before the facility is discovered. Something, Carter and Tina would gladly give their lives to prevent from happening!
Cosmic nightmare this way comes!
Collision alarms scream bloody murder throughout the spaceship; demanding attention! Flashing red lights illuminate lonely corridors and compartments; warning of impending doom!
Intersecting with the spacecraft’s trajectory, and moving far faster than the ship, is a rogue mile-wide-comet. It, along with a gang of small moons, ranging in size from Ping-Pong-balls to big houses, answers the call of nature as its mass is drawn into a voracious gravity-well!
Inside the massive icy boulder, vibrations and gyrations caused from ever-changing gravitational moments, fractures what took billions of years to accumulate. If not for the hard vacuum of space, the noise would be horrendous, as the conglomerate of space debris crumbles without the slightest of mumbles!
Like a slow-motion train wreck, the mass fractures. Separating into thirteen smaller but still deadly chunks, it plummets to its doom! Nothing in the universe can prevent a violent impact with their final destination. Whatever gets in the way, will meet with merciless destruction!
Mother Nature can be a cold-hearted adversary .... especially in the frozen hard vacuum of deepest space!
Main navigation computers initiate avoidance procedures while the ships pilots are roused from hibernation slumber. It has ruled their lives for the past three weeks. Heavy deceleration forces are already acting on the earthling ship, as autopilot attempts to save the day!
Out of the eternal darkness, the vessel enters the reflected sunlight of the fifth planet from its star. It’s a massive planet and has been classified by humans as a gas giant.... Jupiter.
Collision alarms continue their discontent! In preparation of actions to come, main computer sends commands to all crewmembers to wake up and smell the electricity!
On the bridge, monitors illuminate, computers come back to life with just a hint of complaint, as they click and chirp into action. Hundreds of gages and pushbuttons blink to life, as might decorations for a festivity. Yet, these are not festive moments; colliding in space, is about as non-festive as one can ever imagine! Especially, with lives at stake!
Autopilot has inverted the warp-bubbles of the ships primitive drive. It’s time to put on the brakes for orbital insertion at the seventh moon out from the gas giant.
By the standards of many other advanced species in the universe, the warp-drive onboard this ship would be considered extremely crude. Almost akin to a bi-plane when compared to a modern-day fighter-jet!
Even the most advanced species had to start with such crude and inefficient drives, before advancements refined the technology. However, this warp-drive doesn’t de-phase from the universe enough to enjoy the byproduct of inertial dampening or artificial gravity. It’s just not powerful enough to enter the slipstream fully!
With alarms still screaming discontent, Commander Roe, First Officer Talus, and the rest of the crew, comes back to full consciousness. On Commander Roe’s bedside display, she glances at limited information concerning the unfolding emergency. Reaching, she cancels the audio portion of the annoying alarm.
Once again, quietness rules the ship. Domed lids open, and the astronauts begin the arduous task of exiting their slumber-prisons against the steady force of 2-g’s. Roe bumps her head hard, as she tries to exit the chamber before the lid fully opens. Mumbling a venomous curse, she regains composure. Mistakes in outer space, are rarely without consequence!
“Good morning, sunshine.” She greets her first officer, as he climbs from his chamber. “Let’s go see what all the clamoring is about.” She orders, knowing full well the trouble. “I think we’re about to intersect with something big.... Shake a leg, Talus!”
“Aye Aye, commander.... after you.” Talus replies, just as his foot fails to clear the edge of the chamber. Down he goes! Face meeting with unforgiving deck-plating, as 2-g’s cause an unforgiving climate for mistakes!
A world-class sigh from Roe.... “Jeez Talus, I think you dented the deck-plating!” She sees he’s going to survive his clumsiness. “Now, don’t go and break my ship before we have the chance to save her!”
Bending, she helps the young android regain his feet, brushing invisible dirt from his jumpsuit. In the face of possible doom, the crew has a good laugh at poor Talus’s expense!
“Sorry Commander.... I’ll thank you not to mention this to the others back on Earth.” He begs of her and fellow crewmates with an embarrassed expression.
“Maybe. We’ll just see how things go out here at Ganymede. You might consider polishing those rusty skills by the time we get back!” She jokes laughingly. Talus, puts a hand to his head, inspecting for a dent. He’s okay.... titanium-alloy is tough stuff!
Making their way to the bridge, heavy forces rule! Upon Arrival, sensors brighten the main monitor which circumnavigates the circular command post. As with most earthling spaceships of the time, the panoramic monitor shows a 360° view of the outside universe. For some, it gives a healthy dose of vertigo, as it seems space is just beyond, ready to do the unimaginable!
The astronauts are in a state of awe, as they gaze at the wonderfully striated planet that dominates a large portion of the monitor. A still-humongous cyclonic storm is in full bloom, as the ancient red spot beautifies the upper atmosphere, even though it’s declining in size recently.
Commander Roe has made the transit to Ganymede 5-times and has never failed to be impressed while up-close and personal with the Jovian planet.
To a novice space traveler, the large planet might seem as though it were about to have the spacecraft and crew for lunch! But these astronauts know better. The Picasso-like planet is still over a million-miles-away, and Ganymede is not too far ahead either. At this distance, all that can be seen of the Jovian moon is a tiny speck of light.
A rainbow of charged particles, dance psychedelically over the moon’s polar regions, as they light up the magnetosphere. Ganymede is the largest known moon in the solar system. Also, it’s the only one that has a magnetic field protecting it.
The beautiful aurora borealis dancing at its poles, isn’t due to solar energies so much. Instead, they gain power as the moon’s electromagnet fields, interact with those of Jupiter’s. With time running out for the proud ship and crew, they don’t dilly-dally with sight-seeing.
Each strap themselves into seats at consoles of their specialty. Roe; sits high in her central command-chair. Talus and Moxon who navigate, sit at the astrogator. Torg, the ships chief engineer, takes his place at the weapons console. Orlin, the terraforming expert, at life-support. Even androids require life-support! Mostly, electricity and cooling air for their sometimes-heated circuits which they are quickly becoming!
Talus cancels the annoying warning lights while getting up to speed with the incoming data. “Commander, we’re being overrun by a comet!” He checks his data again, suspecting he had awoken to a nightmare! “It’s closing fast.... and breaking up!”
The worst-case scenario, Roe thinks! .... a shotgun-effect! While there’s a lot of space in outer space, sometimes there’s just not enough! Roe sees the same data at her station. “I estimate about 15-minutes before impact if we don’t do something.” Her circuits race!
“Yes Commander. In fact, we have 20-minutes before we dance.” Talus fine-tunes the extraordinary predicament. “Not much time.... initiating avoidance procedures.”
“Very good, Talus. And by the way. In case you didn’t notice, we’re already dancing! Just don’t let those monsters’ step on our toes!”
Tweaking the warp-drive beyond recommended settings, he must slow faster or risk becoming a cosmic skid mark on the beautiful string of icy pearls. Even a miniscule piece could ruin their day at the office!
The ship is heavy with mass, and not built for fancy maneuvering. If it were resting in a terrestrial cornfield, it would tip the scales at 469-tons! Veering the massive object as if it were a fighter, is not in the cards. Besides, this inexperienced crew has spent more time in the simulator, than real space flight.
A cosmic nightmare, this way comes! .... Roe scrolls the ever-increasing data. The ships radar paints a pretty picture of the terrible scene! Like a cloud of Grim Reapers just let loose from their cage, the monsters in the dark, come ever closer! They ride tails of glowing gasses which shoot from their asses, at right-angles to the sun. A more beautiful nightmare is hard to imagine!
“Torg, keep an eye on the thruster pressures.” She orders firmly. “We’re going to tax them good, if we hope to survive this mess!”
Totally avoiding the ugly situation overtaking them, is now quite impossible. It had developed too rapidly and responded to, much too late. At nearly 50,000-mph, slightly faster than the earthling spaceship, the monsters enjoy a closing rate of 1500-mph!
They’ll soon be merging with the mess! Jupiter is claiming the string of pearls for a meal, and anything in the way will experience a cosmic elbow in the face! A painless splat!
“Commander, weapon systems are online and charged. I have the debris field in the targeting system. Just give the word if you feel the need for some blasting.” He offers.
“Thanks, Torg. Standby” .... She analyzes the data, devouring it with nervous appetite. She soon realizes that firing upon the icy fragments, could make things worse. “Thanks, Torg. Stay sharp but don’t go nuts. Our puny laser won’t be very effective, and we’ll need the energy for maneuvering. But if looks like we’re going eat one, fire-away like there’s no tomorrow!”
“Aye Aye, commander! Conserve energy! Destroy when hope fails. Got it.” Torg, always the smartass, understands that to die from lack of shooting back, is never a good way to go out!
Anxiety grows thick and ugly! Roe remembers her prisoners, still in hibernation. “Orlin, please wake the prisoners and bring them to the bridge. They have the right to face death with honor, if we can’t navigate this problem successfully.”
“Aye Aye, commander!” Orlin, is pleased to have something to do, as his terraforming skills are of no use in this emergency. Three levels below the bridge, two androids are still in hibernation. Without the need to know, they never received the wake-up call.
One of them has been fighting the forced hibernation ever since leaving earth, and he’s having one hell of a time with bad dreams! Dreams of entrapment and near suffocation, with zero chance of rescue! Claustrophobia strikes hard and without mercy, even in hibernation! Perhaps, more-so while in the dream-state....
The troubled android, dreams of a harrowing run through dense forest with his mate. They suddenly come upon the precipice of a rocky cliff. Below, a river rages, enticing him to jump! He’s not sure if they should break left, right, hold ground, or just jump into the torrent!
They’re running for their lives, but the exact circumstances elude the dream-state. Run! Run! Run! .... Keep running, his mind warns! Something deadly approaches!
He screams for his mate, yet no sound comes out! He reaches for her, finding she has disappeared like a mirage! Death nips at his heals, yet he can’t flee fast enough! With feet like cement, he stumbles forward!
Just beyond conscious recognition, the threat keeps him moving in a frantic attempt for survival. He thrashes inside the hibernation chamber! The dream continues without hope!
In the distance, warning alarms can be heard, which only confuses the dream-state! The nightmare repeatedly torments the sleeper! .... Bad dreams! .... Terrible, terrible dreams!
Orlin, enters the prisoner’s lonely compartment. One inhabitant is a stunningly beautiful, lightly-complexioned android of female persuasion. Seemingly, in her late twenties or early thirties.
The second, is what many would describe as a handsome, olive-toned male android of about the same age as the lovely other.
The big difference, besides the obvious, is that while she sleeps peacefully in her pristine and orderly chamber, his has fractures running throughout the clear domed cover! Like tiny spider webs, they fan out. The blanket that once neatly covered the legs and torso, is now disheveled and torn asunder! As if a terrifying animal had vented its tremendous rage within!
After moments of pondering the important captives, and wondering just how they managed to get caught, Orlin enters the necessary codes that will unlock their forced sleep, bringing them back to reality.
He knows few details about how the two infamous outlaws were tracked down and brought to justice. High-Council is not in the habit of informing the general population about state secrets, but still, things manage to leak through the cracks.
From what he’s heard, they had been on the run for quite a while and had fallen from grace at the same time. Each had occupied a seat on the same Supreme High-Council that suddenly deemed them a thorn in the side. It was widely suspected that their ‘crimes’ were greatly embellished, and possibly even faked by fellow council-members who hated human-lovers!
Their fatal mistake which ended with incarceration, came after attacking and drowning two security-drones in the depths of a grand river. Unfortunately for the two androids, the drones had friends in the area!
Now, they’re prisoners destined to slave the years away at an experimental terraforming facility, deep under the icy crust of Ganymede.
It happened along a lazy river and the tall rocky cliffs that make up its ledges. The rumor mill had it, that the desperadoes had ambushed and drowned two security-drones that had been cruising the river valley looking for rebels.
A solar-system-wide search for the pair had narrowed down their location to someplace within the wilds of Michigan. Now, their number is up!
The exact reason for the attack, remains a mystery to Orlin and many others, It seemed a no-win situation at best. Especially, when the platforms hadn’t even alerted on them yet! They had jumped the gun! .... Winning the battle but losing the war!
Upon spying the drones just below the edge of the cliffs, the brave fugitives made a foolish attack on the relentless pursuers. They correctly figured that their cover hadn’t yet been blown, but it was becoming necessary to draw the drones’ sensors away from the underground science laboratory located deep within the ledges.
The hidden laboratory was humanity’s last great hope for redemption, in a world run by angry machines. While the drones are about 15-feet-in-diameter, and the attackers just under 6-feet-tall, the attack was still on!
They coordinated their jump from the top of the river ledges, and each landed hard on top of separate drones. A brief, but monstrous struggle occurred, as the hovering saucers tried in vain to recover their balance and altitude!
They were designed for optimal flight characteristics, that flew a fine line between weight and balance, and total disaster! Designers never imagined, that they’d be jumped on and rode like bucking bronco’s through the sky!
The angry drones swerved from side to side, hitting and scraping against the face of the ledges in effort to shake-off the heavy parasites! Hot sparks flew as they scraped the ledges! Lasers lit up the day whilst only scorching the rock-face! The weight ruthlessly remained!
Holding onto a wild creature as it tries to shake you off, while hovering 60-feet above a river, can be daunting. For the brave mechanical patriots, it was a welcome change to a boring life of hiding, and perhaps that’s the real reason for attacking. Each had known tremendous acts of courage in the past, and it felt so good to be riding the excitement once again!
Many years past, they had enjoyed privileged and honorable positions as astronauts, fighter pilots, scientific researchers, and finally, ruling members on the Supreme High Council.
One time in the very distant past, each had even been responsible for helping thwart a thermonuclear annihilation of humanity’s only real chance to expand to other solar systems.
They have defiance of tyranny and oppression, running deeply through their circuits!
With wind running through their synthetic hair, and a great many birds and other wild creatures screeching and clamoring to get out of the fray, the two attackers clung on for dear life! Each hoping to drown their captive in the deep water below!
Luckily, the saucer-drones had been designed with cooling-louvers built into the top of the domed fuselage. So, holding on was less of a worry, than where they were going to crash land!
Back and forth, they rocked violently, dumping tremendous amounts of energy into their terrible weapons! Even the river wasn’t immune, as great bursts of steam shot skyward as photons shot earthward! No matter how much they tried, the battle was a sinking one!
Weapons system quickly drain of all useful power, while thrusters overheat and fail! After a glorious and honorable battle of about 50-seconds, gravity helped win the moment for the excited warriors. Slanting away from the scorched ledges, the drones lose the battle. Falling from the sky, they impact the water and quickly sink!
Monstrous splashes and great torrents of steam! The now red-hot reactors, flash-boil any water near them. The brave androids ride their victims all the way to the bottom. Ensuring their demise forevermore!
Being too heavy to swim, the victorious machines walk the bottom, making their way to the riverbank.
Unfortunately for the fugitive patriots, the drowned security-drones had friends just around the bend in the river! As the soaking-wet and vulnerable outcasts climb onto the riverbank, four healthy saucers take up the fight and welcome them!
With lasers fully charged, and many warning shots given, the pair of victorious androids must give up the fight. Soon, heavy lifters arrive, whisking them away to a life in prison!
All the while, two spots in the river continue boiling, as compact fusion-reactors, vent their terrible rage! On the bottom, they’ll rest for eternity and a day; boiling water for another 25-years or so. Downriver, many a three-eyed-fish will evolve from the radioactive soup!
Carter and Tina; an effective team!
Bodies stir, as hibernation chambers announce reveille. Soon, the electronic sarcophagi opens and the male climb forth first. He’s joined by broken pieces of the chamber, clinging to his jumpsuit like tiny moons. Brushing off the bigger chunks, he greets his savior.
“Orlin! You sure did wake me just in time! If I had to dream that dream again, I might have brought the house down!” He greets groggily, taking his mates hand as she climbs from her still pristine crypt against the heavy g’s.
“Hi Carter.... Hi Tina.... I’m sorry to tell you this, but we’ve got ourselves a real situation. Commander Roe requests your presence on the bridge.”
“Really? What type of situation? And why do I feel so damned heavy?!” Carter inquires, as he embraces Tina. At the same time, he notices the disaster he’d made of his terrible coffin!
“Well, it seems we’re being overtaken by a fragmented comet. It picked this fine day of all days to visit Jupiter. Anyway, Commander Roe says you two deserve to be awake if things don’t work out.”
A little respect goes a long way with Carter. He suspects that under different circumstances, he and the crew could be good friends.
“Thanks, Orlin. We wouldn’t miss this for all the dark energy in the multiverse! Please, lead the way.” Carter responds, giving Tina a kiss.
“Yes, thanks Orlin.” Tina responds kindly. “We appreciate the thoughtfulness.”
Orlin, turns his back, leading the way out of the confinement area. Normally a jailer might feel apprehensive about leading two desperate criminals who aren’t chained and could easily break his neck. Still, he feels quite safe for two reasons....
Firstly, Carter and Tina, promised earlier that they wouldn’t pro-offer resistance during the journey to Ganymede.
Secondly, Tiny explosives were implanted next to their CPU’s. Tiny yes, but powerful enough to kill! Any break of promise would be futile. It’s an effective way to control the seemingly violent behavior of Carter, and a necessary insurance policy to have the mild-mannered Tina in the same predicament. Carter and Tina will behave.... or die trying!
With effort against strong g’s, the trio enters the bridge. Right-off Carter knows the situation has become worse by many magnitudes! The smell of fear is thick, and that’s not easy for an android to exude! None the less....
Commander Roe, Talus, and Moxon try desperately to figure out why the thrusters have taken a break. Today of all days! They’re now within visual range of the debris-cloud, and the thruster system is not responding to commands! Anxiety, so thick it could be cut with a laser!
“Talus recheck the data-link!” Roe orders. “Moxon keep me updated on the closing distances!” She now wonders if an EVA isn’t in somebody’s future, but there just isn’t time! She forces a calming, feeling her circuits over-heating!
“Aye Aye, commander!” Helm responds dutifully.
The prisoners come upon Roe from behind. “Good day, Commander! What’s up?” Carter greets loudly, hoping to cause a stir!
She jumps like a cat! “Carter! By the plasma of Sol! You scared my half out of my circuits! My goodness! What’s wrong with you! We have a real problem here!” She exclaims, irritated at Carter’s teasingly flippant ways.
Pointing at the ever-growing smudge on the monitor, she adds. “Now, today of all days, the thrusters have fallen offline!”
Carter moves closer. He feels her body heat radiating like a furnace. Reaching, he turns her armrest monitor to see the data concerning the emergency. After a quick diagnosis, he looks to the circle monitor. Even he senses a healthy dose of doom, as the cosmic monstrosity nears!
Behind them and off to one side, a smudge in space grows bigger! It’s merging with their flight path, without a care in the universe! Glowing trails of ionized gases, flow from the bigger chunks, trying to mesmerize his circuits. Even near-invisible pieces will also kill!
“My, what a mess you’ve gotten us into, Commander!” He jokes in the face of death. Searching, he accesses other data that Roe hadn’t yet analyzed concerning the thrusters.
Commander Roe gets the bum’s-rush, as Carter elbows her out of her own seat of power. “May I commander? I promise not to crash us deliberately.” He teases laughingly.
Unbuckling, she guides Tina to seats next to astrogation. She surely didn’t enjoy relinquishing her mighty throne to Carter, but desperate times call for desperate surrenders!
“Talus transfer the helm to this position.” Carter orders, as if he owned the ship.
Talus doesn’t bother consulting the Commander. “Copy that, Carter! She’s all yours!”
Carter is no slouch when the chips are down. He has life experiences that make Commander Roe and the others, seem like wind-up toy robots, when it comes to troubleshooting complicated electronic systems. While he’s never spent much time in space, because of his claustrophobic condition, he understands the complicated electrical systems intimately.
Delving deeply into rapidly incoming data, he notices an anomaly within one series of thrusters; sector 23 alpha-tango. The spacecraft has 73-thrusters making a system of 13-sectors, and one of those sectors seems to be causing the others to fall off-line as a precaution to further trajectory degradation. It’s a method of caution that engineers had written into the navigation software logic. Yet, in this case, it might bite them in their metallic asses!
It's so quiet while Carter analyzes, you could hear an atom drop if not for the constant throbbing hum of the ship’s reactor.
Tina takes Roe’s hand, trying to soothe her circuits. If Roe were human, she’d be sweating bullets as she watches the death-cloud getting bigger each second! Tina, on the other hand, remains calm and collected. She and her human alter ego (the murdered Tina Feldman), had been through so much trouble with Carter at the helm, that this seems like just another walk in the park!
Just when Roe’s patience reaches a fevered-pitch, Carter finishes his calculations for a way out of the mess. He looks around the bridge, noticing the panel he’s looking for. “Tina my lovely, won’t you please be a dear and go open that panel?” He points to her first goal.
Tina, moves against the heavy g-forces, reaching for the maintenance panel. Upon opening, she faces 225-circuit-breakers, all segregated into different systems, and sub-systems.
“Okay Carter, what’s next?”
“Locate and pull the breakers under the system labeled ‘thrust-sector-13’. I believe those are the nozzles causing the ships discontent.”
Tina, with eagle-eyed skill, quickly finds and pulls the troublemakers. Effectively taking them out of the thruster circuitry. “Okay Carter, all done!” She yells over her shoulder.
“Thanks, dear heart! Now, let’s see what difference we’ve made on this wonderful prison ship of ours!” He laughs eerily.
The cometary meat-grinder grows larger each second! Upon resetting the thruster-controllers, the rugged android is rewarded with operation of the remaining 69-thrusters! A single battle has been won.... now, the war comes at them like a cosmic train wreck!
Carter becomes the maestro of their salvation! He plays the ship like a flute! Albeit a spherical one! Regaining stability, he adjusts for a good position for when the dark matter hits the fan!
“By all the infernal circuits, Carter!” Roe exclaims. “I can’t believe you got them working! Now’s your chance to gain points with High-Council!” She teases nervously, adding “Good work, Tina!” She envisions renewed hope for the future, with a new-found glow!
“My pleasure, Roe.” Tina laughs wistfully, wishing she and Carter were someplace else!
“Hold on everyone!” Carter warns, loudly. “Our first opponent is coming in fast!” He notices poor Orlin, standing at the side with a deer in the headlights look. “Orlin! Buckle your metallic ass in!”
This icy fragment is no cosmic slouch! At approximately 800-feet-wide, and closing at 1500-mph, it rudely crosses the spacecraft’s path, just 500-yards ahead! It passes without noise or vibration, as the hard vacuum offers no resistance.
Thousands of freshly minted moons follow dutifully in its wake. A long tail of fiery gasses gives it a sinister look! It laughs at the earthling ship, as more fragments follow like a derailing freight train!
“Are you ready Talus? I’m going to need your help soon. In a few moments, we’ll know whether to break up, down, or all around!” Carter jokes with his co-pilot who sits at the helm. This breaks the icy terror that’s formed in the much younger androids mind.
“Just tell me what to do, Carter.... and I’ll do my best!”
“Good, that’s all I ask. Now, hang on to your circuits, and hope the universe favors us this day!” Captain Carter responds absentmindedly, as he maintains focus on the incoming data. It’s going to be another close shave, with other monsters down the line!
Harrowing moments! .... Anxiety levels spike! The next set of icy rocks look as if they’re joining them on the bridge! The big circular monitor is usually a godsend for sanity, but now it offers only a circuit-freezing reality, better not experienced live!
The ice-chunks pass so closely, individual impact craters can be seen! Carter is determined to not form a fresh one! While it wouldn’t be the first crater he had created in his lifetime, this is one situation where he can’t cheat the Grim by ejecting to safety! .... pucker-factor; off the chart!
“Talus, give me a ten-second blast from sector-four!” Carter directs as he manipulates his own series of thrusters. Human psychological-imprinting causes all to hold their breath, as death incarnate, reaches a frozen hand into their circuits!
A group of incoming heavy hitters barely miss the speeding globe! What was a huge threat just seconds earlier, suddenly blurs in passing, on its way to a thermonuclear appointment.
Reaper’s by the dozen, reached greedily for the tiny earth ship, but missed by the skin of their grizzly claws! Onward they sail to their own doom; ripping local dark-matter a new corn shoot and laughing all the way for a juicy 969-megaton kiss with Jupiter!
Just as they clear those hurdles, and are about to celebrate, the next set of disasters is upon them! And the next! .... Each, seemingly faster than the last! A very bad day at the prison office!
 Often, big chunks would overtake the smaller, in a sick game of cosmic pinball! No way to know how to react to those! They pass as they see fit! Bulls in a cosmic china shop! Jostling, to see just who detonates first!
“Talus, how’s the propellant levels look?” Carter doesn’t trust to take his eyes off the game for even a glance at the pressure indications. The next chunk is upon them! He engages a series of thrusters, and comes so close to buying it, that clouds of particles sandblast the ship!
It’s a close shave that usually ends badly in space, but this time they’re spared! The outer hull, glows with Saint Elmo’s Fire from the frictional contact. The little round spaceship that could, has seemingly turned into one of the fiery fragments!
“Levels dropping rapidly, Carter! The way we’re going through the stuff, it’s amazing we’ve any left at all!” Talus reports, pulls no punches.
Carter, takes a chance, looking at the readings. They’re not pleasing to his circuits. Hoping to save the precious gas he orders. “Moxon, I need full override authority for the warp-drive.”
The chief engineer doesn’t bother consulting Roe, who seems in a coma anyway.
Transferring the power, “Okay Carter, you have it!”
“Thanks, Moxon. Hold on to your circuits everyone!” He warns, as the next boulder approaches reachingly.
At this point in the cosmic dodgeball, the rest of the debris comes like a blur. Now it’s time for Carter to truly shine, as he must turn the spacecraft to a right-angle of the mess that approaches. Only at the perfect angle-of-attack can he hope to use the warp-bubble in a way to dance with the ice and save precious thruster gases. Commander Roe closes her eye’s and prays to the almighty atheismo for continued life!
Now the bridge faces away from the direction of travel, and nearly sideways to the oncoming threat. Completely catawampus to what seems non-suicidal! Once again, a minion of the Grim, reaches for the tiny earth ship! Carter’s life, flashes before his memory-circuits!
Somehow, he gathers strength against the desperate move he must make! Cat-like reflexes emerge from the chaos, giving him strength!
He calculates quickly! .... “Talus, full thrusters; sectors four!” Knowing it’s going to be close, he lets loose his own pushers while goosing the warp-reactor. For all intents and purposes, he totally voids manufacturer’s warranty, but in a good way!
He pushes the reactor past design-limitations imposed by young engineers, that never envisioned such abuse of power! A dust-cloud of debris swallows the ship, threatening to devour! Reactor fights the urge to detonate! Containment vessel glows white-hot!
Then, Carter gets the worst possible news.... at the worst possible time!
“Carter! Thruster propellants are in the red! We have only a few more seconds of useable pressure!” Talus exclaims terrifyingly, as a 1,000-foot-wide behemoth, overtakes and sizzles into their flight path! Above, the monitor is unable to even focus on the object! All goes dark, as it blocks out the light of Jupiter!
Carter pours on the coals! Wincing, as visions of nuclear annihilation, race through his circuits! The warp-bubble holds true! The reactor, like a trooper, takes everything thrown at it! With the ship turned sideways from direction of travel, the twisted space-time-bubble behind the spacecraft, gently meets with the solid surface of the comet fragment!
Instead of smashing the ship to atomic smithereens, the bubble squashes against the boulder, acting like a soft squishy buffer; cushioning and deflecting, instead of allowing unyielding physical impact. The warp-bubble deforms, bouncing the ship off the comet fragment with poise and grace! Moments of torturous 12-g’s speaks of their exit from the streaking monster!
The fancy maneuver pushes the vessel into friendlier space, well beyond the reach of any more chunks or debris. Like an expertly tossed stone, the speeding ship bounced off the fragment as might a stone off the surface of a pond. They can relax now. Yet, in the depths of space, one can never truly relax!
From that day forward, the desperate, yet fancy maneuver, will be known as the ‘Carter-bump’! The exhausted android backs the power off the hot reactor, so very thankful it didn’t explode in his face!
With electronic adrenaline still flowing hotly in his circuits, he steps down from the lofty perch of power. Roe is there, her eyes peering at a hero! “By all the stars in the universe Carter! I thought we were surely headed to the recycle bin!”
“My pleasure Miss Roe. And might I say, you gave me inspiration!” He says diplomatically, as is his way.
“Carter, I just want you and Tina to know, that it pains me greatly to be the one who takes you to such a desolate place as Ganymede.”
Her heartfelt words are greatly appreciated. Carter and Tina had no bone to pick with her or crew. “Well commander, I sure appreciate those kind words. I hope you believe me, when I say that it pains me and Tina, considerably more!” He laughs, adding. “Times have changed, and we couldn’t change with them. So, here we are.”
“Yes well, just the same Carter, under different circumstances, I believe we could be great friends. I just want you to know that, and perhaps someday the tide will turn. After all, like you said; times change....
Tina imparts to her jailer with a laugh. “Commander, if I didn’t know better, I’d think you’re hitting on my cellmate!”
Her joviality hits nerves. Not an easy thing for androids! Everyone has such a great laugh! Especially after the stress of current events.... everyone realizes how great it is to still be alive!
“Well Tina, you’re both very lucky to have each other.” Roe responds, settling into her lofty perch once again, adding. “Don’t believe for 1-minute that you two are allowed co-imprisonment as a show of mercy by High-Council. They know that without a reason to stay conscious, you’ll each just slip away into hibernation and miss the punishment part altogether!”
“Uh, Roe.... Speaking of hibernation,” Carter responds. “I sure made a mess of my chamber. I’m afraid it’s not going to function very well now.”
 “Don’t worry about it, Carter.” Roe offers graciously. “We’ll be at Ganymede in a few more days anyway. So, I’m sure you won’t have need for another chamber for a long time. No more forced sleeps for you two! In fact, you are both free to roam the ship at will, or just get comfortable and enjoy the ride.” She offers a modicum of freedom, adding....
“Those little thingies’ in your chests will insure we can trust you.... or die trying!” A half-hearted laugh, “It’s just a real shame it came down to this. A real shame!” Her voice trails off in sadness.
Sensing Roe’s verklemptness, which would never do in front of her crew, Carter changes the subject, brightening her mood. “Madam Roe, may I ask permission for myself and Tina to trouble-shoot the thruster problem? We’re going to need all 73 when we get to Ganymede.”
That does brighten her spirits! “Yes, thanks Carter! That’s a fine idea! I’ll assign Orlin and Moxon to assist. At the very least, we’ll need to replenish those propellant levels. And thanks again, Tina. You and Carter, sure make an effective team!”
Thruster repair
Space suits have come a long way since androids started designing their own. By the year 2362, engineers had created nearly skintight coverings by mimicking internal structures of the Mantis shrimp clubs. Not only impossibly strong, but also great insulation material too!
From the Bouligand spiraling-fiber structures within these powerful war clubs, many great synthetics come into being. Things like asteroid transport bags and cables, skin coverings for our android friends, space elevator cables, and more!
Compared to older space suits, these spacewalkers look like something that floated out of a fashion magazine! Neither, had ever worn such updated life-support systems which are all the rage these days!
In all actuality, the new threads are the universes smallest spacecrafts. Carter is pleased with his new-style suit. Instead of giving him the feeling of being buried alive inside some claustrophobic body-bag, he now feels as if he is going into the vacuum of space nearly naked!
The generously wide face-visor provides for unparalleled openness and clarity. No longer encumbered with an unresponsive outer covering, he feels as though he could do gymnastics in his new threads!

Carter and Tina wait patiently inside the airlock while air pressure is evacuated and saved. Waste not, want not! They check each other’s tool groupings for security. It just wouldn’t do to drop a wrench on poor old man Jupiter’s head!
On their backs are updated versions of the McCandless Maneuvering Units or MMU’s. They’re half-size now, and ⅓ more powerful. Just the thing to enhance any EVA! Soon, the outer airlock hatch spirals open without even a whisper and Tina offers a shove in the right direction.
“Thanks, my dear. Don’t forget where we parked!” He responds laughingly, as the great void swallows him, with a beautiful Jupiter fully in his face! Euphoria grips his circuits good as Tina floats at his side.
“We’re parked in the sparkly section!” His better-half jokes with a laugh.
The great red spot is in full bloom! It tears into the planet’s upper atmosphere, pulling trillions of tons of gas and dust into its seemingly bottomless vortex. The tempest chews hungrily, without damaging the solid core of the planet.
Jupiter is 11-times the diameter of Earth and hundreds of times the mass. In fact, the Jovian behemoth is 2.5 times the mass of all the other planets in the solar system combined! It would take 1321 Earths to fill its volume!
It’s truly a view for the record books! Carter is captivated by the gas giant. He can’t look away, as it reaches for him! It’s the 400-pound Gorilla in the room; unavoidable and dominant!
Tina on the other hand, enjoys the opposite view; the immensely breathtaking ribbon of the Milky Way, plastered against the background like a bejeweled ghost. Sprinkled with billions of tiny points of light, it’s the gossamer butterfly in the room, compared with Carter’s Gorilla.
For long moments, the pair of mechanical beings are mesmerized by the spectacle. Tina, way more so! This is her first time in outer space, and her first EVA. Human Tina never had the chance to do such a thing but wanted to. Now, android Tina is totally enjoying it for her! She realizes that when the day comes where she’s not moved by the moment, it’ll mean she’s dead!
Against that ribbon of lighted stars and gas, but much closer to them, is the string of celestial pearls that they avoided the day before. Because the debris field is traveling faster than they, it now approaches the doom it was in such a hurry to meet! Solar winds blow the illuminated gas tails at right angles to their direction of travel, making for a beautiful scene.
Soon, the hungry planet will consume the string of ice cubes in a series of spectacular thermal nuclear detonations deep within the ever-thickening atmosphere. Monstrously large black smudges at the surface, many times the size of Earth, will prove testament to the astronomical collisions.
We as a species, may not be here today if not for the Jovian vacuum-cleaner working tirelessly, and without complaint!
Tina and Carter float peacefully next to the spherical ship. Weightlessness, rules! The robust braking action had been put on hold, so repairs could be made to the thrusters without fighting that force. Artificial as they may be, any quantifiable acceleration or decelerations by the vessel, would make EVA quite a challenge; if not downright impossible!
Tina breaks the silence. “Hey Carter, check out Ganymede. Have you ever seen such wonderful aurora in all your life?” She inquires wondrously.
They’re approaching Ganymede at nearly 35,000-mph, but it still seems like they’re not moving at all. Carter turns, noticing the Jovian moon off in the distance. Beautiful strands of magnetic force, dance as they interact with the much more powerful magnetic fields of Jupiter. They extend for thousands of miles from each of the moon’s polar regions.
“I must admit Tina; Ganymede puts on one hell of a light show! We could be doing worse than being marooned out here. Can you imagine if we were sentenced to spend the rest of our lives, hollowing out that Ceres asteroid?”
“Oh, that would have been just horrible!” She exclaims. “Luckily for us, that job is delegated to non-sentient worker-bots that couldn’t care less where they exist.”
“Well, we better get to work.... We’ve only three hours to do our magic.” Carter reminds.
“Copy that, let’s go find the culprit.” Tina focuses on the job at hand, as they activate their MMU’s. Traveling to the other side of the ship, they can’t help noticing the sandblasted hull.
“Wow Carter, that little dance with the broken comet, sure did a number on the paint scheme, don’t you think?”
“It sure did! We’re lucky no chunks were in that dust cloud. We better keep an eye peeled for holes, just in case. I doubt we’ll find anything significant, or life-support would have noticed the pressure drop.”
Soon, the dynamic-duo approach the problematic thrusters. As they settle in amongst the nest of nozzles, it quickly becomes obvious what the problem is. All of them are clogged with ice, preventing the propellant from doing its job.
“Carter to Moxon; do you copy?” Inside, Moxon and Orlin are readying canisters of propellant for replenishing the thruster system. Each of the sectors has a dedicated pressure reservoir, to protect against contamination spreading like a virus.
“I copy, Carter. Go ahead.” Moxon replies.
“Sector-23 has been contaminated with moisture. All the nozzles are frozen shut. Charge the reservoir to 20%, while we clear the blockages. Then we’ll purge the lines.”
“Copy that, Carter. Good work. Let us know, when you’re ready.”
Chipping away, they soon have the ice cleared. “Okay Moxon, let er rip whenever you want.”
Suddenly, a mighty blast from the nozzles, sends a stream of sparkly ice-particles shooting into the void as the contamination is purged.
“Okay Moxon, it looks like we’re good to go! Recharge all sectors.” Carter informs.
“Copy that Carter. Good work to you both.” Moxon offers praise, where praise is due.
“Commander Roe, to Carter; do you copy?”
“Go ahead commander.”
“We’re picking up another ship on the sensors. It’s approaching our six, do you see it?”
They squint into the darkness, hoping it’s not a late-arriving chunk of comet. Suddenly, in the distance, a phantom apparition comes into view! An illuminated disk, fastly approaches! The stunned spacewalkers can’t believe their circuits!
“Carter, I never thought flying saucers truly existed, but for the life of me, that sure seems to fit the description!” Tina exclaims wondrously as her partner is struck speechless!
Slowing, the saucer leisurely cruises past, just 100-meters away! A glowing electronic-fog clings nakedly to her skin, as might something out of a fanciful dream. A more beautiful and transcendental site, the spacewalking androids have never seen! It seemed as if the saucer isn’t fully integrated with our universe.... Phantom-like, and eerily haunting it is!
Carter is totally dumbfounded! Staring, like a dear in the headlight, he soaks up the awesome site! Passing them slowly, the glowing saucer of about 250-feet-diameter sails rockingly past. To Carter, it speaks of a universal sign of salutation, so he waves back! Tina follows suit.
However, they don’t know anybody in this neck of the woods, so are confused. Also, they don’t know anyone that might possess such a fine flying saucer either! Then, with graceful finesse and seemingly impossible acceleration, the phantom speeds away into the darkness as if it was never there in the first place! Just a space-induced figment of their stressed-out circuits!
“Commander, I’m sure you saw what we just saw.” Carter reports.
“What a beautiful ship!” Tina cuts in.
“I saw it,” Roe admits, “but I still don’t believe it! Friends of yours? It seemed they recognized you.”
“If they’re friends, I’ve not yet been introduced to them.” Carter responds dubiously.
“Well, let’s just hope they stay friendly. Or better yet, stay away! I’ve got Mister Torg here who’s drooling electrons to fire away if they do return!”
“Okay, okay. Please tell Torg to cool his jets.” Carter pleads. “At least until we’re back inside.”
“We’re done out here commander.” Tina cuts in, knowing she’s had enough fun for one day. “Request permission to come aboard.” She defaults to an old naval term that had survived the ages. It offers a layer of respect to the commander’s supreme authority over the ship!
“Permission granted! Good work out there!” Roe exclaims.
She knows the thrusters must be fully functional for safe and effective maneuvering. Especially at Ganymede. She’ll initiate an investigation to determine just how the moisture contamination was introduced into the failed system.
Perhaps maintenance procedures must be reviewed. At any rate, her circuits are tickled-pink that the ship will have full maneuvering capabilities when they arrive at Ganymede. Anything less, and she would seem slovenly in her command, and that would never do!
It’s smooth sailing for the next couple of days. The round spacecraft that could, decelerates for orbital insertion at Ganymede. All systems, working like champs!
In the distance, Jupiter gobbles up the first of the comet fragments like thermonuclear candy. It seems she’ll never be the same, but laughs at such foolishness, not even belching!
Like a freight train on fire, the string of pearls follows each other into the maelstrom! The planet turns a little bit before the next impact, leaving a trail of dark cosmic breadcrumbs in the upper atmosphere.
The earthling spacecraft, approaches Ganymede’s north pole, entering into the dancing lines of magnetic force. Charged particles react colorfully with the steel hull of the spherical ship, creating a Saint Elmo’s Fire in spectacular fashion!
Those on the bridge are in total awe, as the monitor fills with the fiery dance of illuminations. Just beyond the lightshow, a shimmering Ganymede is becoming an object to be reckoned with!
Soon, the gravitational attraction of the relatively small world, will grab and hold onto the metallic ball as it tries to eat it for lunch!
With all maneuvering capabilities operational, the powerful spaceship will deny Ganymede the luxury of claiming them for her own. Soon, the ship is past the lines of magnetic force, and the enormity of the world comes into stark focus!
Ganymede is no celestial slouch; with a diameter of 3,280 miles, she’s 8% larger than the planet Mercury (but only 45% the mass). He’s about 2-times the physical size of Earth’s moon. So, any space traveler daring to get too close, had better be on their toes, or suffer the fate of total gravitational destruction!
As they come within 85-miles of the icy surface, Talus informs. “Commander, we’re approaching the rendezvous coordinates with outpost four. We must reduce velocity to maintain a geostationary orbit above target.”
“Thanks for the update, Talus. Please inform the security-platforms that we’re here. Be sure to squawk the correct codes this time.” The last thing she needs is an encore performance of being cut with lasers.
“Also, inform them that we’ll be using extra orbits, so we can check other areas of concern, before landing.” Normally, she wouldn’t make this deviation, but feels the need to give Carter and Tina the grand tour of the tiny world they’ll be living inside of.
“Carter, Tina.... I’m breaking strict protocol, to give you a glimpse of the world you’ll be imprisoned in. It’s the best I can offer, in thanks for saving our lives. As you suspected, this moon has become an experiment in the art of Terraforming.”
The roar such a breach will cause back on Earth, is palatable to the shocked crew! While they’re thrilled that their usually stoic commander is displaying a kinder, gentler side, they know there will be a price to be paid for such a brazen act! The pencil-pushers will be mortified!
“Well, Talus? Do you wish to enter a protest into the ships log?” She asks boldly!
“No way commander! I’ve never had a good look at this moon either!” He responds enthusiastically, adding. “Shall I bring us down to a lower altitude to enhance our viewing pleasure?” The now-curious first officer, inquires.
“Yes, please do. And program the coordinates of the other terraforming stations into our little tour also. As long as we’re breaking the rules, we may as well add another felonious act to our repertoire of behavioral anomalies!” She exclaims with a rebel laugh!
Glancing up, she sees the prisoners lazily hovering and watching the monitor in awe. The beautifully striated landscape of Ganymede flows past like a living Picasso.
“It seems, being in close-proximity to you criminal-types, influences my better judgement.” Roe admits, adding.... “Furthermore, I’m beginning to enjoy this feeling of defiance!”
Tina, looks down, smiling widely. “Thanks, Roe. We promise to not collect too many state-secrets that might be useful.... right Carter?” She jokes, giving him an elbow in the side.
Carter, seems disconnected from the conversation as the new world he had never seen in real-life, absorbs his attention. “Hmm? .... What’s that, my dear? .... Oh yes.... Yes of course.... thank you, commander.... we promise.” He mumbles absentmindedly as he continues collecting data against the time when he can break his most recent promise!
Into the abyssal depths!
The sphere descends quickly. Talus pulls back on the stick at 3-miles up. At this altitude, the ship’s monitor is half-full of Ganymede’s icy landscape as it passes underneath at 8,000-mph. The other half is filled with gorgeous Jupiter, seemingly ready to eat the tiny moon for lunch!
The surface of Ganymede is molded into ancient dark-colored regions, saturated with craters which cover ⅓ of the surface. Younger, light-colored areas, crisscrossed by extensive grooves, striations, and ridges, cover the rest. The striations are due to ancient frictional tidal heating, causing the moon to fracture and allow water from below, to fill the long gaps and freeze.
Below the icy surface, is a deep ocean of liquid salt-water. It consists of many differentiated layers or boundaries of ever-increasing salinity. These layers reach deeply! Extending for hundreds of miles into the frigid depths before warming and giving way to the hot-liquid, iron-rich core of the diminutive world.
Thermal convection in the liquid iron-core, is maintained by tidal-friction as Jupiter pulls on the moon’s guts. These convections, produce strong electromagnetic lines of force at the surface, protecting any gasses from nasty cosmic rays that seek to remove and destroy.
Naturally, the planetoid has a slightly oxygen-rich atmosphere that clings nakedly to the surface, pooling in shaded low-lying areas. These oxygenated areas are increased further by the efforts of the terraforming facilities buried under the crustal ice.
Moxon and Orlin, join Carter and Tina at the big monitor. “Hey you two,” Orlin greets, hovering closer. “the first terraforming station is coming up, just over that ridge ahead.”
Within moments, the round ship is flying over the ridge, and into another frozen valley. Ahead, many vent-shafts protrude 200-feet-above the frozen surface of an ice-filled crevasse. Great clouds of vapor, spew from the towering vents! The gasses are blown high above the surface before being reclaimed by the moon’s gravity.
Many miles below the vents, an automated electrolysis facility is suspended on shrimp cables. There, seawater is transmogrified, producing copious amounts of oxygen and other greenhouse gasses. Not exactly paradise yet, but even Earth started with no air!
“It doesn’t seem like much of a big deal, Orlin.” Tina offers her analysis of the spectacle, adding. “May I ask why the facilities are not located on top of the surface?”
“Well, we tried that and found major difficulties protecting the operation from the elements. Furthermore, it was decided that escaping from Ganymede would be much more difficult if the facilities are buried.” Orlin relates the cold hard facts of an effective marooning.
 “Ah, well isn’t that good planning!” She exclaims, adding. “What’s planned for this moon when the atmosphere thickens? Is that a beach resort I see over yonder?” She teases.
“Oh, that’s rich!” Poor Orlin, retorts ineffectually, adding. “Basically, this is just an experiment to see if a significant impact can be made on another world.” Orlin, replies clinically, adding....
“As you know, terraforming began with mars, and while we’ve made good progress there, it’s ultimately a losing battle. This is because the planet has such a weak magnetic field. Solar winds wreak havoc on any major buildup of gasses, forcing much of it into space.”
Something Orlin said, peaks Carter’s curiosity. “Orlin, you said this particular facility is automated. Are the other three sites also automated? Will Tina an myself be along here?”
Orlin, suspects this information might be classified, but notices no cautionary glance from Commander Roe. “Well Carter, that’s a good question. While this experiment is coming up on its twentieth year, this is the only facility of the four, that’s still without sentient oversight. So, you won’t be too lonely.”
The prisoners realize where some of the other dissidents had been taken, after they ‘went-missing’, back on earth. While the population of dissident androids that acted against human slavery were small in number, their whereabouts after capture, was always unclear.
“How many ‘overseers’ are there at the other facilities, Orlin?” He pushes the limits of what might be divulged in his favor.
“Well, I can’t see the harm in telling you.... two of the other sites each have ten android caretakers. The one we’re taking you to, has only eight. I’m sure you’ll be a welcomed addition.” He tries to stay upbeat but fails miserably. Sympathy grows strong for his new friends, and a worse incarceration, his circuits can’t begin to calculate!
“Thanks, Orlin.” It pleases Carter and Tina to no end, that their jailers have at least some concern about marooning them. The situation could easily be much crueler.
Under the fast-moving globe, the other terraforming sites come and go. Carter continues his fixation on the topography as it flows past with cosmic dreadfulness.
He and Tina, collect as much information about their new world as possible, against the chance of escape. They’re under no illusion about the seriousness of their incarceration. All for doing nothing more than making a few waves back on earth! Go figure!
“Commander, we’re approaching destination in five.” Talus informs, as he uses a combination of thrusters and primitive warp-bubbles to slow. G-forces build as he puts on the brakes. The ship stabilizes over the terraforming station, ready to descend into the ice.
“Thanks, Talus. Please take us in.” Roe tightens her restraints, directing her glance to the group floating above. “Okay everyone, it’s time to take your seats and buckle-up.”
“Aye Aye, commander. Going in.”
With a position directly over an ancient fracture-zone, Talus gives the sub-command. “Torg.... ready the laser.”
“It’s ready Mister Talus. Power is holding steady. Just give the word.” The chief engineer reports over his shoulder as he endlessly monitors the critical data concerning the drilling-laser.
“50% power Mister Torg. Ease us in.” Talus instructs lightly, hoping to curse their journey.
“Aye, .... 50% .... easing us in.”
Below, jets of steam, roar from the wound in the moons surface! Snow falls all around as the steam is reclaimed into frosty wonder. The heavy-hitting laser soon has a column of hot water into which the globe sinks, like a person into a bath drawn too hotly. Hull temps rise!
“90% Mister Torg.”
“Aye, .... 90% it is, Mister Talus.
Tina reaches, taking Carter’s hand. She’s frightened beyond belief and knows that Carter’s claustrophobia must be high orbit about now. Squeezing, she looks and finds a gentle non-verklempt countenance to his dark features.
“My goodness, Carter,” she praises under her breath, “I thought this would be terrible for you. I’m so proud!”
“My dear, with age comes circuits over matter. My claustrophobia lessens, but don’t let that fool you. I’m still scared out of my bolts here!” He jokes in the face of death, as the big monitor goes completely dark, and vibrations build to a crescendo! Overhead, the hole had already frozen shut! Effectively, sealing their icy coffin!
“I love you, Carter! .... It’s times like this, that make me think you would have been better off going with Nyla and Wil to the stars!” She gushes, circuits greatly mortified!
“What? And miss a life without you? No way, missy! We’ll just make the best of this situation. Who knows, we might just learn a thing or two out here.” Carter puts his best spin on a dire situation, returning the sentiment. “I love you too, Tina.... now, hold my hand tightly.”
Torg reports. “Talus, depth is five-miles .... descent is looking good .... we’re on track .... only 25-miles to go and we’ll be in the ocean.”
Each time Torg makes this journey, he marvels at the advancements of science and technology since he was a budding robot of 7-years. He realizes the android species had only made such progress by standing on the shoulders of giants.
As sensors report breaking news, Torg powers down the hot laser. After long moments, it becomes obvious that they had succeeded with the violent penetration. Now, they sink slowly into the inky, abyssal void.  Jets, cooling from the heated entry.
“We’re through! Nothing but liquid ocean now!” Torg announces to all.
They bask with a hundred miles  of liquid salt-water laying below, before the next layer of salinity. Like a multi-layered cake, the oceans are delineated in such a manner, until the core.
“Very well! Good work! Now, check the ships systems well. We’ll be needing a strong ship to get us out of here.” Roe orders, knowing that complacency is the mother of all fatal mistakes! And while she’s here to maroon good friends, she has no inclination of dealing herself and crew, the same fate! .... or worse!
“Aye Aye, commander!” Comes unison acknowledgements.
At a depth of ten-miles, the facility hangs suspended in the ocean by synthesized shrimp-cables made from the same Bouligand spiraling-fiber construction as their space suits.
Talus, illuminates the surrounding ocean with light, causing quite the ruckus from millions of tiny, blind sea-creatures who flee the terrible monster. For all intents and purposes, the spherical spacecraft has become a submarine. Its shape offers great strength against the mighty pressures at work. Soon, a small dot on the sonar-scope, indicates their destination.
Soon, they’re lining up with the facilities airlock. Talus contacts the androids within. “Sandra, this is Talus; do you copy?” 
After long moments, the video-screen lights up with the pleasant features of another android. “Talus, this is Ryan; Sandra is indisposed at the moment.... But if you come back in about a million years, she might be available.” Ryan offers smartassingly, as is his way.
“Copy that Ryan.... good one! We have two more workers for the facility, and a whole bunch of supplies.” While the androids have no use for biological food stuffs, or other creature comforts that humans enjoy, the facility does require parts for maintenance.
“Breaking news!” Ryan exclaims. “We’re getting more parts! I knew there was a great reason to wake up this morning!”
Ryan’s defiance shines through like a quasar in a dark void! Carter and Tina, smile from hearing a voice from the past. Ryan had come up through the ranks, back when Sohn Space Systems was in it’s prime. He went missing 18-years earlier, after High-Council’s behavioral-section deemed him a ‘bad influence’ on society. He was never heard from again!
Commander Roe interjects sternly. “Ryan be nice! We don’t like this any more than you do.... please believe me! We have orders! I’ll not be banished from earth, like you!” She deeply pushes the dagger twistingly. “Now, round up as much help as you can, while we fill the airlock with earthly gifts. We’ll contact you again in 10-minutes. Roe; out!”
When re-supply ships visit the facilities at Ganymede, the earthly crews never-ever mingle with the prisoners! Diligent monitoring and painful laser systems ensure that nothing nefarious happens in the airlock, that would allow even a miniscule chance for escape!
With sloppy gravity of only half-a-g, Roe, sadly approaches her prisoners. “Carter.... Tina.... if only I could change the rules.” She gets a frog in her circuits, so Tina balances the moment.
“Now Roe, don’t you bother feeling sad for us. It’s greatly appreciated, but you know what? Carter and I have been through some hard times in the past, and we’ll get through this. We have appeals in motion. The wheels of justice turn slowly but might roll in our favor someday. Besides, this terraforming thing is interesting and seems challenging. My goodness! We’ll see you back on terra-firms again. I’m sure of it!” She says beamingly, as is her way!
“Furthermore, Miss Roe.” Carter joins in smilingly. “Tina and I are researchers first, and troublemakers second! So, like my better half said, we’re going to be happy here. Just not forever!” We’ll do time, but we’ll see you again someday. Perhaps on a nice sunny beach in the Caribbean perhaps!” Offering a wink, he seals the deal!
The prisoners and supplies are taken to the airlock. Fond farewells are offered again, and the compartment sealed. Then, the outer-hatch spirals open and friends from the past flow inside.
Spirits are lifted by the arrivals from Earth! Even in the depths of a frozen moon, far from any known luxuries.... misery loves company!
“Carter! .... Tina! .... By all the stars! I never imagined seeing you two here!” Ryan exclaims wildly! Rushing forward, he embraces his long-lost friends, with Sandra close behind!
“Ryan! .... Sandra!” .... Tina exclaims! “I can’t believe my circuits!”
“I thought you all were dead!” Carter jokes the unthinkable.
“Yeah, we thought so too!” Sandra exclaims. “Turns out, we were just inside Ganymede instead!” She bellows laughter!  Everyone joins in!
The reunion is short-lived. The supplies are plentiful. It takes hours to transfer the haul from the earthly ship. Soon the globe had completed its mission to the facility and disengages without fanfare.
Other facilities require visits before Roe and crew cut-a-rug back through the crustal ice. Only then, can they return to earth and the spacious blue skies the crew misses so very much!
Squirming little meat-bags!
In a star system, far far away.... and another time....  “Karrrrraaaaaa! .... Braxxtonnnnnn! Wherrrrre arrrre youuuuuu!” The heating electronic-mommy, yells into the hills of Oberon Prime! Two of her soon to be 4-year-olds are missing in action!
It’s been nearly five-years since she and 103 other androids had settled on the planet to make a new life for themselves and their human creators. Albeit, the offspring of their creators.
For Nyla, and her companion Wil, it’s been four glorious years of watching the babies grow like weeds. They had adopted thirteen babies from the first batch of humans. Since then, life has been a cosmic game of where did they go? .... they were just her a second ago!
It’s a gargantuan challenge for the many androids, but a satisfying one so far. It’s been rumored that the mission is proceeding satisfactorily. Although, there have been losses of human life, due mostly because escapees wandered into dangerous situations.
“Karrraaaaaaaa! .... Braxxtonnnnnn!” She yells yet again, becoming frantic like any loving mother. The little monsters had slipped under her radar and escaped to some magical realm while she was busy securing the others into their little ‘harnesses-of-obedience’.
Early-on in the experiment of becoming parents, Nyla and Wil had discovered that without further mechanical assistance, it was nearly impossible to get any real work accomplished after the thirteen animals became mobile.
Soon after they began to walk, it became obvious that there was need for forced restraint during goodly portions of the day. It’s the only way to maintain sanity, whilst also completing the chores required for day to day existence on an alien world!
Each of the saucer-habitats had converted handball courts that served as nurseries for the flood of human infants that poured from the laboratories where they were baked.
It soon became apparent that the few babysitters that were in charge of the many children, just couldn’t keep up with the task. While the parents were out working the fields, or performing other necessary tasks to maintain a village, the children were constantly testing the patience and sanity of the babysitters.
When the fix finally came in, the children found themselves suspended from the ceiling, safely secured inside harnesses. Comfortable harnesses to be sure, and they get the job done!
Not even Houdini himself could’ve escaped, once snared! Now, the few teachers can focus on teaching the many children, even if the squirming little meat-bags didn’t wish to participate!
After initial objection, the young humans became accustom to the forced obedience, and enjoyed learning the ways of letters and numbers. Greatly saving their caretakers from blowing a circuit every day!
Now, while this type of forced restraint might seem barbaric, it had resulted in no more children being lost to wild animals or other calamities after the great escape.
It takes a tremendous amount of hard work and dedication to make ends meet, while balancing the needs of the children, against maintaining necessary infrastructure. To the young children of earthy origin, Oberon Prime is not alien at all.... it’s home!
“Wil, .... Kara and Braxton are missing in action; have you seen them?” Nyla inquires worriedly as her mate comes out to see what the yelling is all about.
“Negative, pretty lady. In fact, I just finished hanging-up the other eleven monsters. I think they’re getting too big for those harnesses.” He explains and can’t believe Nyla had dropped the ball on watching just two of the little critters!
He knows full-well that even two can be a challenge, if you turn your back at the wrong moment. It would have paid, if the good doctor’s robotics-engineers had designed them with eyes in the back of their heads, so as to have a double-advantage over the little escape-artists!
“Stay here a moment. I’m going in to let Alina know.”
Inside the nursery, 95 children dangle from within harnesses of obedience. Some happy; some, not so much! Most are wiggling and squiggling, arms and legs flailing in all directions! Yet, try as they may, try as they might, they can’t reach their neighbors and cause a fight!
“Alina.... Kara and Braxton are missing.” Wil explains, hurriedly while grabbing his backpack and laser rifle. “I’m going with Nyla into the hills to look for them. We’ll try to be back for the noon-feeding.” He informs.
“Oh, those little scamps!” She exclaims. “They were just running around in her a few minutes ago!” Then she’s off, chasing one who hadn’t yet been harnessed. “Good luck!” She yells over her shoulder while grabbing a little hobgoblin who’d crawled gigglingly under a table.
“Thanks, my dear!” Turning for the door, he sees his own troop of monkey’s.
Adam, Toby, Cooper and Jax, are sleeping in their harnesses; completely oblivious to the cacophony of noises in the compartment. Magnus, is flailing his arms and legs, making little Amy laugh.
Max, Harper, Ling, Shirley and Tina are bright-eyed and bushy-tailed, waiting for the show to begin! Ling notices Wil. She waves frantically.... giggling infectiously! Dad smiles proudly! Waving, he leaves to find the other little monsters.
Outside, Nyla is nowhere to be seen! .... “Nyyylaaaaaa!” .... He yells into the hills.
“I’m up here!” She yells impatiently. “Oh Wil! This is no time to dilly-dally! Please hurry!”
Wil runs, quickly catching up. “Well my dear, let’s hope we find them soon. There’s been a big cat hanging around the past several days.” He informs cringingly; he should have shared that information earlier.
“I heard that too.” She responds, wishing she had mentioned it earlier. “I’ll never forgive myself it anything happens to those little rascals!” She exclaims, circuits heating to a glow.
“Karrraaaaaa! .... Braxtonnnnn!” .... They call frantically into the forested hills.
Suddenly up ahead, a circuit-curdling roar reaches their ears, accompanied with a child’s high-pitched scream! It sends an icy chill through their heated electrons!
Nyla’s alter ego, chews through the bars of its incorporeal cage! “That’s Kara!” Nyzilla screams heatedly. “We’re coming, Kara! We’re coming!” And she never moved so fast!
She launches like a rocket! Up the hill, she maniacally scrambles! Wil keeps pace, even though dodging springing branches and flying clumps of dirt and weeds that rain down from the frantic juggernaut who leads the way!
She’s become the raging bull in a china shop; aka Nyzilla the destroyer, creating a wide path of destruction! Another scream! Closer this time! Migrating carnivores are a never-ending worry to the recently arrived earthlings.
The heated androids draw closer to Kara’s frantic screams. Nyzilla has pushed her electro-polymer muscles, harder than ever before! Wil is at her side when they crash out of the underbrush, and into a clearing.
The terrifying scene they face, causes their circuits to skip! In the middle of the field, is Kara and Braxton.... and one damn big cat! Angrily poised to pounce, it is! Saliva, dangling grossly from snarling jaws as it circles its screaming breakfast!
Another scream from Kara, as Braxton tries his best to protect her from the danger that threatens! He bravely keeps his impressive 43-pounds between her and the snarling beast. With a stick, he keeps the cat at bay with jabs at its face. The angry saber-toothed cat hisses great protest, flinching and pawing the air, as its eye is poked mercilessly by the strange little creature!
Nyzilla jumps into the fray with a robust war-club she’d found along the way. She moves quickly, grabbing the beast’s attention, trying to wedge herself between it and her children!
“Heyyyy!  Heyyyyyyyy!  Over here! Over here, mangy monster! .... It’s me you want! .... Come and get a snoot full of hot juice!”
Swinging viciously at the air, she’s able to lead the cat in a new direction. At a safer distance, she’ll give the creature an attitude adjustment upside its snarling head!
The cat takes the bait! Gladly turning away from the tiny appetizers and focusing its rage on the taller, juicier looking one!
Dripping saliva from dagger-like fangs, it crouches, readying to pounce! A chill flows through Nyzilla’s circuits, as a mighty roar assaults her senses! It’s a roar that would melt the bravery of a lessor being, but this dedicated momzilla will win the day! .... or die trying!
Suddenly the games changes! A flash of fur launches from a rock outcropping and onto the crouched beast! From a rocky ledge, a four-and-a-half-foot-tall, bipedal, feline-like animal, screeches loudly as it lands on the back of the angry cat! Its majestic facial mane flying wildly in the breeze as it straddles the monsters’ neck, gripping tightly with clawed paws!
With great skill, it maintains balance whilst biting viciously at the big cat’s ears! The enrages monster instantly forgets all else, snapping at the thing on its neck! Nyzilla backs away, reassessing the new situation. The tone of the battle has changed, possibly in her favor!
The big cat swings its powerful neck! Back and forth, back and forth! Snapping at the creature who bites so ferociously on its ears. Nyzilla gets a rhythm of the action, moving quickly to assists her co-fighter. The raging beast focuses on getting the parasite off its neck, opening an opportunity for the angry android to move in for a strike!
The snarling cat is a formidable adversary! At 4-feet-tall at the shoulders, and nearly 400-pounds of pure viciousness, it’s a terrifying prospect! Even for an angry and desperate android mom, it is!
Before Wil can get a bead on the thrashing animal, Nyzilla advances with amazing speed and grace! With one well-timed fluid-motion she springs forward, winding up her war-club like an eight-day clock!
Just as the enraged cat turns its head to bite, she swings with everything, hoping for a smite! It’s a swing to be proud of! .... One that would’ve made Babe Ruth turn green with envy, as the end of the club hits a homerun upside the creature’s big fat head!
An abbreviated grunt of bad breath from one-time snapping jaws, and the cat falls to the forest floor; unmoving ....
Just as she recovers her balance, the furry-one on top, lets loose its jaws from an ear, reaches to a knife in its waistband, and deftly slits the fallen monsters throat! Hot blood, squirts everywhere! Telling of the still-beating heart within. Nyzilla is shocked at witnessing the coup de grace, but relieved it wasn’t she who killed the poor beast.
After sealing the deal, the smaller feline animal rolls off the fallen-one, breathing heavily. While still laying on its back, the furry hunter lets loose with a screech that would mean triumph in any language!
With electronic adrenaline still flowing strong, Nyzilla spins like a cat, giving her two little darlings such a ferocious look! Scaring them as much as the attacking cat had done! Yet, when she notices Braxton’s brave and defiant stance, still shielding Kara from danger, she allows her angry features to soften considerably.
Pushing her alter ego back into its lonely cage, deep in her heated circuits, she begins crossing the clearing, but instead falls to the ground; as unresponsive as the big cat!
Wil is quickly at her side, cradling her head in his lap. Another episode of overheating has taken the lovely android down a dark path! Braxton and Kara, run to her side wonderingly. They’ve never seen their mom out of action before!
Soon, Nyla stirs. Opening her eyes, she sees the sky and four very concerned faces looking down at her. One of them a cute, furry face. She immediately knows, yet another fainting spell had come and gone. Taking in deep breaths, her CPU cools significantly.
Sitting up she reaches, embracing her wayward little meat-bags, checking them quickly for damage. “You two are going to give me gray hairs, I swear!” Then, upon seeing such sad eyes gazing back, her circuits melt yet again; in a good way! Thanking her lucky stars, she knows that learning-curves can be precipitous and unforgiving on alien worlds.... Second chances; rare!
Wil helps her up, brushing off the twigs that cling. Turning to the furry-one, she offers praise. “Thanks, my cute little friend!” She says, knowing the smaller-one can’t truly understand. However, smiling faces must convey friendliness throughout the cosmos, as the brave hunter knows when he’s being thanked and grins a toothy grin back at the tall funny looking creature.
“You sure came along at the right time!” She exclaims. Offering her hand, he takes it in his still-bloody paw, surprised the tall strange-one didn’t shrink away from contact with such grizzly nastiness.
Reaching, Wil also thanks their friend of the forest. “You sure can hold on tight my furry friend! Where I come from, you could make an honest living breaking bronco’s!” A belly-laugh to be proud of, before turning to Nyla. “And you! You’re going to have to teach me that move! You were amazing!” Another circuit-cooling laugh.
“I got lucky, Wil .... Let’s just hope we don’t ever have to duplicate it. By all the stars and planets! .... I don’t think I would still be in one piece, had I missed!”
“Well, you sure nailed that beasty good, is all I can say! You’ll be surprised at yourself when you see the video!” He informs that he had saved the memory for future reference....
Wil brings Braxton and Kara close. “I don’t understand what gets into your little animal brains all the time, but I hope you now understand what can happen when you run off. That animal might have killed us all.... you must be careful and think of others. Don’t you think that’s a good idea?”
The tikes are still shaken and stirred as they agree that it’s a good idea to try and behave better. Poor Kara is still in tears and shaking from the adrenalin rush, as Nyla comforts.
When they turn back to the gruesome scene, they see five other furry hunters walking to the carcass, congratulating their brave companion for the glorious victory.
Nyla waves. “Thank you, little friends!” She calls out, but they’re too busy field-dressing the kill, to pay attention to the tall-one who makes funny noises. The fallen, will feed their clan for weeks.
“I think we should leave them to their own devices, Nyla.” Wil advises, as they gather the tikes, and head back down the hill to the safety of home sweet home.
Titania Alpha!
Three light-years distance from Oberon Prime, starship SPS Michael Faraday, has just been purposefully split in half as it orbits high above Titania Alpha.
From deep within his frozen bowels, a shiny flying saucer breaks free from its cradle of protective ice.  Shiny, yes; but not so young a baby @ 175,000-years-old!
With a size of 1200-feet-diameter and 300-feet-tall at the dome, it’s perhaps the biggest and oldest cosmic baby in all the known universe! Except of course, for the lovely Cecilia Payne who’s already landed and set up housekeeping.
They had traveled together from Mars, where they were built. Along the way, they became separated while sling-drifting around an aggressive, rogue singularity. It was a baby black hole, going no place in particular. Just traveling the galaxy hoping to ruin someone’s day!
With the mass of 33 main sequence stars, it very nearly ruined half of humanity’s chance to expand to other worlds. It reached for all it’s worth, but luckily came up short!
The Cecilia Payne had arrived 11-years-earlier, because the sling-drift had imparted much less velocity for her to deal with. They had both shot past Titania Alpha during the attempt to slow for orbital insertion, but one was able to reduce those energies long before the other.
The new world is a place of giant trees, and ferocious animals. From orbit, she seemed a pincushion of a planet with most trees rising to heights of 350-feet! Any promising areas for colonization were studded with these seemingly immovable objects.
But colonization is what they came to do, and colonization is what they must! Also, and the real reason, the crew had cabin fever really bad! Another 11-years in orbit, waiting for her brother ship, didn’t seem a good idea at the time. Not with freedom from the tin-can, only miles away!
So, with only half of the kinetic rods needed to properly soften the landing strip, a hasty and rash decision to go ahead anyway, nearly handed humanity a horrendous loss!
Miss Payne’s atmospheric entry went smooth enough. Between autopilot and Bernoulli’s interstellar cousin, she reached the beginning of the ill-prepared landing strip. It didn’t help that the poor dear bounced hard off the planet and very nearly stalled, before stabilizing and tearing her guts out with the mother of all skids!
After coming to rest far downrange, she managed to position well-enough for dear brother to land when he arrives, but it’ll take great skill on autopilots part!
In the end, the Cecilia Payne had trees and rocks poking from the most embarrassing of places! She got her charges to the planet in one piece.... and that sure counts for something!
In her wake, a myriad of dead animals big and small. Including half a family of t-rex-like creatures. Of all the monsters on Titania Alpha, these are the ones who never forget an elbow in the face!
She’ll still provide for a nice habitat of stainless steel! One with an extra chewed-up bottom, but very livable all the same. Earthlings had arrived! Mechanical for now, but biologics would soon help rule the day!
Eleven years later.... dirt, rocks, and chunks of huge tree’s, rain down on poor old Cecilia Payne’s head, as the Faraday unleashes his own supply of kinetic devices. With the power tactical nuclear weapons, but without the radiation, the rods from god, chew the planet a new corn shoot!
 “Bryce, we’ve dropped everything we have; are you still in one piece?” Commander Kimora requests half-jokingly of the situation far below.
“Yeah Kimora, we’re still here! .... Shaken perhaps, but not stirred!” Bryce responds, laughingly, as he tries to regain his wits. The entire habitat shook violently, and an endless series of dent-making thuds rained down from above!
Kimora has a great laugh from hearing her friend’s voice, crack with emotion. She can hardly wait to see him again in person. It’s been so very long! “Copy that Bryce.” She responds, still chuckling. “We have a window of entry coming up in 2-hours, so I suspect I’ll see you soon; depending on traffic conditions! .... Kimora out!”
She gets down to the serious business of atmospheric entry. With preparations completed, she glides the machine into the window of opportunity that should take them to the landing strip. The gliding-saucer Michael Faraday breaks the virtual-window at nearly 22,000-mph! Kimora and her brave first officer Jace, focus intently on the flight-data pouring in from autopilot. So far, so good....
“Jace, keep an eye on the heatshield temps.” She requests of her first officer and mate, as they sit strapped into their seats at the helm. All other shipmates had retired to their respective hibernation chambers for the drop. While they didn’t enter sleep-mode, the chambers are the best protection available, against the violent ride ahead.
“Aye Aye, Miss Commander.” Jace, smartassingly submits to her request, bringing up the all-important information to his main flight-data display.
Vibrations! .... Vibrations and heat! .... These are heavy-weight contenders that earth ships must endure during atmospheric entry. Kimora, is pleased with the saucers stability, hoping autopilot doesn’t call in sick!
“Kimora.... leading-edge temps below targets. Looks like the active-cooling system is doing its job.” Jace reports, just as strong vibrations grip the moment!
Outside, Bernoulli is latching onto the ruggedly curved surfaces of Faraday, offering a lift. Together, he, Faraday, and autopilot, will win the day!
Streams of ionized plasma, streak from the front edge and belly! The big monitor is ablaze with scenes from the deepest layers of hell, as it freezes the circuits of anyone braving a glance!
Autopilot and Bernoulli are performing likes champs, as they fly the ship down the pipe, five by five! Faraday banks left, then right, before testing the pitch and yaw capabilities. Everything is, as it should be, at the cost of a small amount of airspeed.
Soon, he enters the thick humid air, just downrange of his final destination. The planet below is blasted with sonic-shockwaves, as the machine passes at nearly 3,000-mph, at an altitude of 5-miles.
“Landing strip 50-miles-ahead, commander.” Jace informs, as autopilot applies speed-brakes, bleeding off velocity and altitude rapidly. Both androids are pushed into their harnesses, as deceleration increases.
“Copy that.... it won’t be long now! .... ” Kimora replies, reaching for the intercom. “Anyone that isn’t paying attention, be advised; this is a two-minute warning! If you haven’t made piece with almighty atheismo, now’s the time!” She jokes sickly.
Dropping below the speed of sound, the hot disk glides past the beginning of the improvised landing strip. With a nose-up angle-of-attack, Faraday drags his ass against the planet for 2-miles, in an attempt to slow and ease on in!
A horrendous noise spreads in all directions, as the huge craft pushes millions-of-pounds of humid equatorial air and debris out of its way! Trees that had survived the earlier kinetic assault, are blown down from the force of the wind, as it tries desperately to get out of the way!
Autopilot fully-engages the speed-brakes, and the saucer sinks onto the tortured landscape with a sick bone-crunching sound. Bernoulli loses any effective influence on the now skidding machine, so he vanishes back into the atmosphere, where he always feels more at home!
With a monstrous spray of dirt, rocks and other debris, the once proud spacecraft skids on its belly, eating up the remaining landing strip. Much of the honey-comb front-end has crushed, as designed to do.
Finally, after a harrowing flight, the Faraday comes to rest just 800-feet away from sister ship, barely avoiding an interstellar collision of grand proportions!
After Faraday is leveled and stabilized, 52 android pioneers exit the proud craft, tasting the freedom of spacious skies and wonderful gravity on the new world they had just become very intimate with!
It’s a grand day, and one that seemed as if it were never going to arrive! The group of excited androids climb down from the lofty heights of the saucer’s top surface and meet with others from the Payne.
It had been 175,000-long-years, since they had last seen each other in person, and it’s a glorious moment for all!
“Wow! .... What a fantastic landing!” Bryce gushes, as he embraces Kimora, and Jace.
“Hi Bryce! It’s so nice to see you again! My, you don’t look a day over ten thousand! Just how do you do it?!” She jokes facetiously, as they hold each other for long moments. “I hope I didn’t scare you too much. It’s not easy stopping a juggernaut with this weak gravity!”
“Well, I can honestly tell you, we were getting nervous there for a few moments! My goodness if you didn’t look like the crazy bull in a china shop!” He laughs jovially.
Kimora, notices young humans behind Bryce. They had grown considerably since she’d last seen them on video. “My, haven’t these two grown like weeds! You must be Nolan and Keith! How old are you now?” She inquires.
“Hey Kimora.” Nolan beams. “I’m almost ten, same as Keith; but I’m four hours older.” He responds proudly, giving Kimora a warm hug.
“Hi Keith!” Kimora greets.
“Hi Kimora.... It’s nice to meet you face to face. “Jeez almighty, that was some landing! It looked like it was scary!”
“Well Keith, I can honestly tell you that it was so scary, I hope to never do it again!” She replies with a mighty laugh. “Luckily, the good ship Faraday brought us down safely!”
The next weeks, find all pioneers at the Faraday habitat very busy. The necessary unpacking and organization of a new society, springs-forth on the thickly jungled planet.
A small group from the Payne, assists with the effort. Just a handful of workers is all that can be spared. It’s not an easy endeavor living on such a primitive and hostile world, whilst also trying to maintain a semblance of quality life.
Raising and providing for human beings, requires efforts that are magnitudes above the needs of android beings. Basically, androids only require electricity, and perhaps a few hugs every now and then. While humans require a laundry-list of needs, which also include hugs from time to time!
Along with the basic needs of android and human settlers, is the extra-heavy requirements of maintaining a tight perimeter. A much more robust set of precautions is required on Titania Alpha, than on Oberon Prime. Creatures on Titania Alpha are not only much more aggressive but are also way deadlier!
The seemingly dominate species in the area is a T-rex looking creature with a beautiful plumage of feathers. This flightless monster also has a grand set of fangs and always wakes up hungry with a bad attitude thrown in to boot!
Weighing in at about 11-tons fully grown, they can eat their way through an Olympic-sized salad bar in no time flat! All the while wondering.... where’s the beef!
In the early days, there were many times when deadly force was needed to get the idea into their tiny, walnut-sized brains, to stay away! More often than not, it was easy to persuade them with a poke from a laser beam!
However, a few stealthily persisted, angered by bad memories of these strange-smelling creatures. Employing honed stalking-skills, they penetrated deep into the communities, creating mayhem on a cosmic scale!
Before humans were born, more than one of these Toothy’s (as they came to be known), got a sour hot jolt of hot electricity in its kisser!
While repairs could be made on the android frame, provided their CPU’s and batteries were still intact after the attack, they could rejoin the community after embarrassing humility.
Humans, on the other hand; became juicy Mc-tidbits that the monsters loved to crunch! They didn’t bounce-back like the androids and never seemed the same after being eaten!
The Payne habitat has the largest and oldest population of humans between the two planets. With a gang of nearly 350 humans; and an age-range, extending between new-born and nearly 11-years-old, they’re ahead in the race to populate. It doesn’t take long before the mob needs to expand beyond the perimeter fence. Another grand elbow in the face is coming! After all, that’s what humans do best!
While the Faraday team transforms their spacecraft into an efficient community, the In Vitro Fertilization laboratory is prepared for a baking. It’s a time consuming, and exacting job that consumes the time of many.
Along with preparing the laboratory and support equipment, the ancient handball court must be repaired and converted into a multi-level nursery and play area for the infants. All this, plus organizing and implementing necessary outdoor logistics, such as constructing storage facilities, and healing the planetary wound that their landing created.
Shortly after six months had passed, preparation of a viable community had begun to pay off. The shake-n-baking is enjoying its first trimester, with fifty babies in their respective ovens!
Now, the dedicated group of machine pioneers, have the luxury of taking some time for themselves. Even androids enjoy a get-together with good friend in the fresh outdoors!
“So, it’s a date.... we’ll meet you at the Payne tomorrow afternoon. Is there anything we can bring?” Kimora asks of Bryce.
“No, we have everything a body could need. Just bring yourselves and leave the worries at the Faraday.” She suggests friendlily.
The next afternoon brings another fine day to the equatorial plain where the two colonies gather outside the Payne habitat. “Kimora, you and the others have done a fine job of organizing the Faraday colony.” Carla, who is Bryce’s partner, compliments.
“Thanks, Carla. Of course, we both know very well that we had a much easier time of it after you-all tamed the land first.”
Bryce offers a sobering thought. “Now Kimora, we still have that perimeter fence to finish, so don’t use the word tamed just yet.” He reminds politely.
The words had barely left his mouth, when android Adak runs into camp screaming of an attack on the very fence that was just being discussed!
“Attack at the fence! .... Attack at the fence!” .... He yells!
The festive mood is extinguished, as Adak focuses his thoughts and explains the unfolding emergency. A terrible roar is heard in the distance! Adak need not explain further!
“Avery and I were walking the perimeter, when we’re attacked by one of those beasts! It was on the outside but got caught up in the wires in its rage to kill! It’s still tangled, I think! Avery’s there, making sure it won’t get inside! Hurry!” He runs back to help poor Avery.
As the group moves towards the horrific roars, a chill goes through all circuits! Suddenly, they break into the danger zone! 
“Avery! .... Avery! .... don’t shoot it!” Bryce yells, as she’s taking aim at the angry creature. With snapping jaws, it responds poorly to being tangled in the fence!
“How else are we to deal with it?” Avery inquires ferociously.
“Well, dead or alive, we must get this animal off the fence. At this point it just wants to go home. So, we’ll cut a few wires and let it free itself. If it won’t leave after that, we have enough power here to send it packing.” Bryce reminds that it’s always best to not give the proverbial elbow, if not absolutely necessary!
Four brave androids approach the thrashing animal, readying their lasers. With massive tooth-filled jaws, the creature snaps angrily at the wires that bind!
Taking aim, Bryce offers guidance. “Avery, you take that wire.” He points. “Adak, you take that one. Kimora, you have that one, and I’ll take the highest wire. Be ready to run when this thing gets loose! .... three! .... two! .... one! .... A red glow speaks volumes of the power being applied, as the targeted wires snap with serious pings!
As the laser beams fly hotly, and the monster thrashes, one rear haunch and its nose, are hit! The wounds are painful beyond description! The incredible roar proves it! Instantly cauterized, the smell of roasted steak is palatable!
With another spasm of anger, the Toothy is free! It falls from the fence and into the semi-protected area of the compound. .... Androids, scatter like androids have never scattered!
Regaining balance, the heavy beast lowers its enormous head, bellowing ferociously at the fleeing prey! A bout of sneezing grips the creature, as the painful wound on its nose sends waves of pain!
Turning in its tracks, the animal hears others of its kind calling from the jungle. With a mighty leap, the angry creature jumps back through the hole in the fence. Disappearing with limp and whimper, back into the dark jungle from whence it came.
“Wow!” Avery exclaims. “It sure made a mess of our beautiful fence!” 
“Well, we’re just lucky nobody got hurt.” Bryce responds logically. “Avery, stay here with Adak while we go get new wire.” He turns to leave with the group, as a set of angry eyes in the jungle beyond, spies for a new advantage!
Kids will be kids!
Back on Oberon Prime....  Toby, gains momentum as she swings back and forth. She’s showing off for her siblings, who watch laughingly from below.
Not so tiny anymore, she pours energy into her swing at just the right moment, coming closer each time to her co-conspirator.... Harper! He rhythmically swings also, coming closer each time!
Soon, synchronicity occurs, and they grip each other’s hand tightly! Dangling 10-feet off the ground with legs flailing, free arms sticking out the other way waving. The remainder of the dirty dozen goes wild! Howling with laughter at such a spectacle!
The practice of hanging the youngsters in harnesses, to allow for easier mob-control while parents worked, went out of vogue years earlier.  Yet the practice is resurrected from time to time when the need arises for punishment, and/or behavioral modification. These days, the nine-year-old kids are too old, and too big for such crowd-control methods.
Besides, for the most part they’ve been behaving just fine! Well within the limits expected by their mechanical parental units. Braxton regains composure and moves closer. Using a hiking stick, he prods Toby in the ribs; causing the two jailbirds to disconnect and swing chaotically.
“Awe, why’d you do that Brax?” Toby asks disappointingly. “We were close to escaping from this high-altitude prison!” She yells, at the same time kicking out to see if she can’t pay him back for his brazen act.
“Because you look so funny up there!” He informs laughingly. “That, plus I guess you don’t remember what you did to me the last time I was in the harness of shame!” He bellows, twirling Toby with the long stick he wields so expertly.
“I’ll harness of shame you! Your ass is grass, when I get down from here Braxton Crane!” She yells venomously, as the room spins! “You got me into this mess! You’d be up here with us if we spilled the beans! Stop! .... stop! .... I’ll puke on you!”
“Brax be nice!” Cooper demands, as she grabs one of Toby’s feet, stopping the girl from spinning. “She’s right you know; you got her into this trouble. It should be you who’s in the harness!” Turning to the victim. “It’s okay Toby; I’ve got your back!” And with a well-placed elbow, she knocks Braxton back, protecting her best friend from more jabs.
“Hey Coop.” Harper begs. “What say, you get us down from here and we’ll all escape into the hills for a while.” With bouncing eyebrows, he entices.
Now, the entire group is getting into an uproar. They move closer to the desperate criminals, trying to figure a way to get them down from such an embarrassing predicament. There’s no furniture or other tools in the compartment that can be used for such an extrication, but they soon figure out a plan of action.
Adam, Jax, Magnus, and Braxton get on their hands and knees between the two dangling offenders, while Max and Shirley climb onto them, attempting to make a human pyramid.
After the six accomplices become a stable platform for accent, Tina carefully climbs the mountain of salvation, grasping Toby’s quick-release handle. The mechanism clicks, sending Toby and the pyramid plummeting into a tangled heap of bodies on the floor!
Expletives and moans aplenty, waft up from the tangled mass of humanity, just as Nyla enters the compartment! Poor Harper still dangles, kicking his legs and reaching up in a useless attempt to release his own harness from the cable.
Toby, and her rescuers are so busted! Nyla can’t keep a straight face and joins fray! Rolling with the rest, she tickles mercilessly! Everyone has a great laugh, as Harper enjoys a bird’s-eye view of the spectacle.
“Hey, is anyone going to get me down from here?” He requests pathetically.
Nyla and the others are still laying on the floor, trying to regain composure, as the wriggling young man, begs to be noticed.
“Well, if you think you’ve learned a lesson about raiding the pantry for sweets, I might consider an early release.” Nyla informs with a serious tone that was hard to maintain.
It pained her greatly to administer punishment to the not so little kids. And seeing as Toby had already been released, she decides that they’ve had enough embarrassment for the tiny offense.
“Yeah Nyla, I learned my lesson.” He offers with rolling eyes. It’s the same pseudo-admission he usually gives after getting in trouble.
Mother android stands, giving him a stern look; trying to make it seem like she’s considering the validity of his statement. “Well, seeing that your partner in crime has already won early release, I guess it’s okay for you to come down also.” She says, calling for Wil to bring a stepladder as Harper’s release mechanism is out of her reach too.
Wil enters the compartment. “My, my.... what did I miss?” He inquires with a chuckle, eyeballing the tangled mass of humanity at his feet.
“Oh, you missed a wonderful tickle-fest!” Nyla informs gleefully. “Now, please get Harper down from his perch, so we can get on with our day.”
He climbs next to the lad who whispers. “It’s just not fair Wil.... Nyla can tickle us good, but she’s not ticklish at all, so how can we get even?”
“Well Harp,” Wil, whispers back, “I’m not ticklish either.... but we’ll think of something.” He offers hope of reprisal, as he in turn, tickles poor helpless Harper, who is perhaps the most susceptible of all the kids!
“Wow Harp, you sure are getting heavy!” Wil jokes. “No more space-cookies for you, young man!” Harper breaks loose from his hold and runs around the room yelling and hooting, as if he just got away with some great crime!
“Okay kids listen up.... Cooper! Leave Jax be and listen up.... Ling! Stop biting Adam’s ear and listen up....” Nyla patiently waits for the group to calm themselves and pay attention.
“As you all know; tomorrow is your birthday.” Nyla reminds, even though they all knew what day it was. Although they were born on different days within a two-week timeframe, they all enjoyed the same birthday to avoid an unnecessary avalanche of celebrations. Celebrations that would exhaust even the most energetic of android parents!
Harper stands tall and proud! He’s the oldest of the group. In fact, he’s the eldest human on the entire planet! Each birthday, he reminds all his siblings of this fact. He was the first to pop out of the oven, so he should get the lion’s share of the cake and gifts!
It’s a ploy he tries every year but is never truly successful. Not when attempting to pull such rank on a group of alpha-personalities. At the same time, they would be disappointed if he didn’t at least make the attempt. After all, seniority ought to count for something!
“Tomorrow, you’ll all be ten-years-old. There will be no classes.” Nyla announces the well-known number to her bakers-dozen of little terrors. “Instead, Wil and I have a special surprise for you. Now, don’t let your imaginations run too wild.... just organize into a well-behaved group outside the commons at 0800. Be sure to bring plenty of bug repellent and bandages.” She jokes seriously. “Especially you, Mister Harper Williams .... the bandages, I mean.”
The group has a great laugh at poor Harpers expense, and he gets an elbow in the side from Toby while she laughs the hardest. “Yeah, remember last year Harp? That little gymnastics stunt didn’t turn out so well!” She mercilessly reminds, giggling infectiously.
People of the forest
The next morning turns out to be another warm, sunny day in the valley. At 07:45 the children gather at the assigned rendezvous point. There’s much speculation about the so called ‘special surprise’ that Nyla had mentioned the day before.
Energies run high as usual, but there seems to be a little magic in the air too, as thirteen rambunctious and freshly minted ten-year-old’s wait impatiently for 0800 to arrive.
Magnus, Amy, Toby and Cooper play marbles with neighbor kids, as Braxton, Kara, Max, Shirley, and Tina, amuse themselves with a game of hacky sack nearby. Jax, Harper, and Ling keep busy with climbing around on the low-hanging branches of a nearby tree. Adam gazes up into the branches from the safety of ground level.
“What do you think they have in store for us this year?” He calls up to Ling, who’s swinging upside down from a branch.
“Well.... perhaps this year, they’ll give you a brain!” She jokes with wild laugher.
“Oh, ha ha little miss monkey-girl!” He retorts, reaching with a stick to tickle her as she dips and dodges like a pro. With cat-like reflexes, honed by the weaker gravity of Oberon Prime, she swings off the branch in a maneuver that’s poetry in motion!
Landing like a cat, she does some poking of her own! Her knuckle finds its mark between two of Adam’s ribs; sending him reeling backwards!
Of all the children, it’s Ling who learned how best to put the lower gravity to work for her advantage. Oberon Prime has about 5% less gravity than earth. So, the first few generations of humans will seem stronger than others who come later. Evolution has a way for balancing everything out. It just takes time.
However, these young humans don’t realize how much stronger they actually are, but Mom and Pop notice. Even they have a noticeable advantage, as electro-polymer muscles, designed for 1-g, don’t have to strain so hard anymore.
“Mister Harper Williams! Get down from there this very minute!” Nyla scolds, disappointed that she had to yell so early in the morning.
“Oh jeez, I never get to have any fun!” Harper complains sharply, as he calculates his descent from the lofty height of 20-feet. As he approaches the Ling branch, he notices many eyes upon him; so, it’s only natural to attempt, and perhaps best her acrobatic prowess!
One branch above where she had launched, he shifts his balance, allowing himself to drop; many gasps reach his ears! With his track record of injuries, his siblings have gotten into the habit of watching his performances, against the chance for seeing yet another near-death experience. Nyla can only cringe and bear it!
He grabs the lower branch as he drops, letting the built-up momentum carry him through an arc, sending him flying into the air at a right-angle to his original descent. He had never attempted such a move outside of imagination, but it feels right!
He tucks hard, performing a near-perfect backflip, but sticks the landing horribly! Just in front of Nyla, he lands with uncontrolled momentum and clunks his head against her left tibia!
With a sickening thud, his forehead bounces off the titanium with a painful sound! As like with a human, this part of the leg is not padded very much, and being metal, it yields not!
He falls backwards on his butt, reaching for his head. Any high praise from his siblings is muted, but they’re still impressed with his daring move! Nyla can only cringe, yet once again!
Harper’s hand goes instinctively to the new injury, as he sits there in the dirt. “Jeez Nyla, you’re built like a brick shi......” He’s stops short, as Nyla cuts him off at the pass!
“Don’t EVEN finish that sentence young man!” She scolds. Bending down, she grabs him up by his collar, holding him in front of her face. His feet, dangling two feet  off the ground in a very compromising and embarrassing position.
“Harper Williams! What am I going to do with you! My goodness, you’re giving me gray hairs young man!” She yells in his face, before relenting.
Once again, Harper’s loving and mischievous expression, melts her circuits! How can she stay made at such a cute kid, she wonders? Letting him off the hook yet again, she begs. “Please.... at least try to be good? Today of all days?”
“I’m sorry Nyla.” Harper apologizes, rubbing the growing knot on his forehead. “I just don’t know what gets into me sometimes! But I’ll try to try” .... He promises insincerely, as the other children gather around Nyla with many ‘good mornings’, and more than a few congratulations to Harper for not breaking his foolish neck!
Soon, Wil joins the group. “Good morning, and happy birthday kids!” He greets enthusiastically, putting down an armful of backpacks. “My, but I think you’ve all grown tremendously since last year! Don’t you agree, Nyla?”
“Oh, my yes! Happy birthday gang!” She regains focus. “Now, I want you all to grab a backpack, and follow us.” She instructs, following Wil who had already started the hike.
The children are excited, as they jostle to see who gets a backpack first. Soon, they each have one, and are running noisily after the two androids.
“Wait for us! .... Wait for us!” Kara, yells as they all try to get ahead of each other. Soon, it’s the children who are leading the androids into the hills. Kara and Braxton have a good idea where they’re going and try to keep the gang of stepsiblings from getting too far ahead.
As they leave the habitat behind, they enter thick brush that soon gives way to forested highlands. It’s a beautiful day, with many creature’s scurry about after being disturbed by the rambunctious group. Up ahead, they see a clearing that’s a popular place for playing, and where Braxton and Kara nearly met their doom years earlier.
As they get closer, they see that the area had been decorated for a party! They wait for the slow androids to catch up. Keeping pace with energetic young humans, can be challenging; even for electro-mechanical beings! Especially, when they’re not exactly spring chickens anymore!
Blankets are spread, food and refreshments are placed for a hearty meal, and all the kids settle in for a birthday pig-out! Before anyone has a chance to dig into the delicious repast, there comes a familiar chirping-purr from just beyond the clearings edge.
Nyla and Wil know it’s their Zenarawan friends who they invited. They’re old friends and are considered people of the forest. One, is the ear-biting male hunter who battled the big cat with Nyzilla, back in the day. The others are his loving mate and young cubs. They too are nearing 10-years old and naturally took to liking the human clan.
It’s not easy inviting friends who don’t speak your language, but after years of meetings, the androids had developed a good understanding. When one uses a digital-mind instead carbon, it’s easy to memorize words and phrases.
This alien language requires a complicated blend of chirps, squeaks, and purrs. Something a human would be hard-pressed to duplicate.
The guests are bipedal feline-like animals of about 4½ feet-tall. They sport truncated snouts that once were longer, before evolution had her way. With long whiskers poking through a thick mane, they are regal and proud in every sense!
They wear nicely woven jumpsuits of perrrrfect camouflage design. Not all in the clan have taken a liking to such fancy duds, but for those who are closest with the people from the sky, it suits them just fine! With a newly designed utility belt, they seem to carry all they need!
Jewelry around their necks are made of polished gemstones, with a sprinkling of large canine teeth. Some from the very cat from long ago. Along with the intimidating spears they carry, and their graceful walk, its easy to see that they are capable folks that mean business!
“Razzi! .... Surri!” .... Toby runs forward greetingly. “So, this is the surprise you mentioned yesterday!” She yells back to mom and dad. Soon, the young cubs are nearly mauled as the dirty dozen pounces one after the other in greeting. For them, this is the best birthday surprise ever!
Nyla and Wil, greet the adults in their native language, causing the humans to tilt their heads as they try to understand. It’s all gibberish to them, but mom and pop sure look funny making the sounds!
Linmarri, a lovely female, and Raznalli, a handsome male, are leaders within their clan. Also, they were among the first group of hunters to meet the two androids, before the humans were born.
“Good day, Nyla. Good day, Wil.... My, how the little ones have grown! You must be very proud!” Linmarri exclaims gleefully.
“Welcome, Linmarri!  Welcome Raznalli!” Nyla greets happily. “It’s good to see you again! And I see that Razzi and Surri are also growing like the trees of the forest!”
Wil greets the pair with a wide smile and welcoming words. The tall android motions for them to join the festivities and eat some food. The meal looks appetizing, consisting mainly of grains, fruits and juices. All products of hard work in the valley below. Linmarri breaks out some delights of her own cooking prowess, and everyone except Nyla and Wil, dig in.
It’s the first time that food has been shared between the Zenarawan’s and humans. Linmarri notices that neither of her adult friends are eating. “Try this, it will brighten your appetite.” She offers slices of sweet cake made from the sugary Rabba-Tree sap and grains.
The androids knew that time for disclosure would come eventually. Nyla graciously responds. “Oh my, Linmarri; that does look delicious! But Wil and I don’t eat the same food that you and our own young ones do. We require a different kind of food. I can’t explain it in a way that you will understand, but Wil and I are very different from you.”
Standing, she unzips a section of her jumpsuit at the waistline and opens an access panel on her left side. Wil stands, explaining as best he can to the shocked animals. Razzi and Surri, are too involved with their food and friends to notice the adult things.
“You see?” Wil, points into the tiny compartment that’s illuminated with flashing lights. It’s truly a shocking moment for the furry visitors! Nyla is so glad that they didn’t gather their children and flee into the safety of the forest!
Raznalli moves closer, reaching but stopping just short of touching. “It’s true.” He speaks to nobody in particular; his tone mystical. “The people of the stars are not what they seem!”
Nyla reaches, offering her arm for him to grasp. He grips her forearm. It seems colder than it should! She flexes her hand; the furry hunter feels muscles that seem very different than they ought! Like bands of the hardest sinew, they move under his paws in ways that tell of great strength!
He gazes onto her lovely brown face, seeing details that could not be noticed from a distance. Her features are not exactly like those of the young children, but instead seem more like something not quite alive.
Regaining composure, he says to Nyla respectfully. “Many new stories of the star people are yet to be told. I want to learn more about those who live.... yet are not alive. Eat.... yet don’t eat. People.... yet not people.” He releases her arm, as Linmarri moves forward to inspect.
Wil closes Nyla’s test-panel and allows her to monkey the ‘show and tell’ on himself. Because of this new information, Linmarri wonders how such a person could have children. “You can’t be their natural mother.... are you?” She inquires. “You’re much to young anyway.”
Now, the androids are at a loss for how to explain this one! There’s no possible way to explain such technology to stone-age people! The very act of artificially grown people would seem quiet the evil prospect to the primitives.
Nyla simply shakes her head negatively, saying quite honestly. “They’re real parents, are no longer among the living.” She sees a look of understanding and is happy to let the matter drop. It’s an amazing turn of events for the furry ones, but they’re not too surprised by anything the star people do!
Raznalli reaches into a pouch on his utility-belt, pulling out a black stick-like device which he hands to Wil.
“Hey Nyla, did you bring any batteries? Raznalli’s pen-light is dead.” It’s not the first time the batteries needed to be replaced. Each time, Raznalli wonders if it can be brought back to life.
“Yes, I brought some.” She responds, reaching for the pen light. The furry adults gather around, watching intensely as Nyla unscrews one end of the stick, and replaces the batteries. She places the old ones in her pocket for recharging, and hands the light back.
Raznalli and Linmarri, quickly forget about the food, conversation, or anything else, as they chitter-purr between themselves concerning the freshly animated light. All is good in their world once again!
With the meal behind them, the children move off and play. After a while, Nyla notices that the children seem to be communicating in an unusual fashion. She keeps a keen eye on how the different species interact. It quickly becomes noticeable that something extremely weird is happening within the group. She lets it play out at the edge of her vision....
It’s well-known that they can’t communicate using the spoken word, but Nyla now sees that there might be other ways. Quite often, the human children would turn and pay attention to the Zenarawan youngsters who called but didn’t call.... As if there’s an unseen link of mental contact between the two, the ghostly interaction seemed to go both ways!
Mother android strives for understanding, before bringing it up with Wil. So far, he seems oblivious, as is his way at times. Then, a tug on her circuits! Not anything truly tangible, but a phantom of something, making her want to turn towards Linmarri.
In doing so, she is handed a gift of great beauty! It’s a hand-woven basket that must have taken many long hours of dedication to complete. She reaches, accepting the fine offering with a glowing smile; but not forgetting the strange contact that had occurred. The ramifications are very intriguing, she ponders.
“For me? My goodness it’s beautiful! Thank you, my friend!” She exclaims joyously. It must have taken a long time to create such a wonderful basket.”
Wil is next in line to receive a gift, but his attention had to be garnered with a physical tug on his arm. The mental spark sent his way, just bounced emptily in his circuits.
Nyla noticed this, and knew then, that Wil could not be mind-touched in the fashion she was. She strongly suspects that whatever causes her fainting episodes, might be linked with this latest anomaly. Perhaps something good will come from her condition after all, she hopes!
“For me?” He asks wonderingly. “Raznalli, you shouldn’t have!”
He’s handed a beautifully made, flint dagger. A near-twin to that which sliced the big cats throat in this very field. Basically, it’s a razor-sharp spear-point, artistically set into a bone handle. “My, what an awesome killing tool! Thank you very much!” He friendlily shakes paw.
“Wil, hand me my backpack.” Nyla requests. Reaching into the bag, she pulls out beautifully made compasses, mounted on fluorescent-green panels of plastic.
Handing one to each of the fury adults, she marvels as they inspect the gifts visually and odoriferously. They are totally transfixed by the high-tech gadgets. The way the plastic glows so brightly, and the needle spins so effortlessly whilst not falling off its skinny perch!
Wil moves closer, retrieving a duplicate from his pocket. Holding it still, he shows the curious animals how to stop the crazy needle from spinning. Then, with steady paws, they monkey Wil’s actions, totally amazed at how they’re able to tame the wild thing inside!
Nyla, brings forth an aerial-photograph of the region, placing it on the ground between them. With great surprise, she finds that the photograph is more interesting to the forest people than the magical devices! They recognize what the image represents, but for the life of them, they can’t figure out how such a thing could come to be!
Nyla brings them back down to Oberon Prime, showing them how to use the compasses and photograph to find home, if lost. They’re a big hit, but the photograph is a bigger one! Raznalli, receives the only one she had brought, with promises of more to come.
Soon, Linmarri turns attention to her cubs. Without any verbal command, the furred little ones excuse themselves from the games and come to the adults.
Now, Wil senses the peculiarity. He looks at his better half with a surprised expression and tilt of head. That’s all the proof she needed that the anomaly was indeed real, and not a figment of her circuits! The subject is not broached; neither wishing to address the issue just then.
The morning turns into early afternoon. The Zenarawan’s grow anxious, fidgeting noticeably. Nyla recognizes the time has come to wrap-up the day’s festivities. So, she calls the troop of monkey’s, and all pay respects to the adult Zenarawan’s.
Farewells make the rounds. The day had been a memorable one for all. It’s agreed upon that the next gathering will be at the home-village of the forest people, after the next lunar cycle, which on Oberon Prime is 45-days.
Gray hairs for mother android!
Mom and pop are lost in thought as they hike downhill to home and more work. Events at the birthday party have left them stunned. Each, wonders how this will changes things.
They walk through a cloud of dust, which is the only proof their gang of little monsters were ever there. Not so little anymore, the young humans spend less time hanging with the parents, and more time exploring their world.
While Nyla and Wil know it’s only natural for young animals to seek independence as they grow and mature, it still leaves a hollow spot in their circuits.
“Wil, do you suppose that what we saw back there is more than just the Zenarawan’s reaching out mentally? How could all the kids be so receptive.” She inquires concernedly.
“Well my dear, that’s what we need to find out. Because, with these determined and intelligent kids, anything is possible.”
They continue downhill somberly. Even the dust from the human stampede has fled the scene, leaving no remnants of the brood.
Suddenly, Nyla stops mid-stride with a confused look. “Wil, when was the last time you saw the headband?” She inquires of the item they had been forced to purchase from alien pirates so very long ago.
Wil stops; Nyla, notices the dear in the headlights look. It’s not pretty! If he could turn whiter, he would have surely done so! “I haven’t checked on that for a long time. I got used to it being inside the command chair.” He admits, regretting his lack of responsibility!
“That chair has been in storage for quite some time. Are you sure you left it in there? My goodness, that was years ago!” Nyla scolds, picking up pace. She knows deep in her circuits, that it was also her responsibility to make sure certain things get done. They’ve both dropped the ball on this one, she sadly admits to herself.
“I’m afraid so Nyla.” Wil admits, waiting for the axe to drop. However, the proverbial axe doesn’t drop! He’s surprised by her lack of finger-pointing, and realizes it was a shared responsibility that had fallen through the cracks.
Life on a new world, and thirteen hungry mouths to feed, caused them to become complacent regarding things that didn’t seem very important at the time.
Upon arrival at the habitat, there’s no sign of the dirty dozen. Inquires, always brings back the same dataset.... no, we haven’t seen them.
Entering the storage building, they dig through what was an organized mess. Now it’s a warren of recently created tunnels, reminding of a kids fortress of solitude. It takes only a few minutes to locate the chair and find that it no longer holds the headband!
Alarmed, mom and pop double the efforts to find out what the deal is! Returning to the saucer, they search in vain for the monsters. All, to no avail!
“Okay. Before we call the Newton, lets check the laboratory.” Wil suggests.
“That’s the one place they won’t be but let’s check anyway.” Nyla agrees while knowing they would rather die than go into medical without being forced!
As they enter, music to their ears, reaches from the back of the laboratory. Then, Omari’s voice too. “I’m proud of you two for showing an interest in our operation.”
“Hello in there! May we come in?” Wil calls, not wishing to rudely intrude.
Talia sticks her head out from around a corner. “Well, look who the wind blew in! First the little ones, and then the proud parents! Yes, please come in. We were just showing Harper and Ling some of the procedures we’re performing here.”
“Oh, thank goodness!” Nyla exclaims, thinking they had found their wayward brood. She quickly notices that there are eleven still missing in action. “Ling.... Harper.... you kids left us in the dust back there in the hills! Shame! .... Shame!” She scolds frightfully.
Wil, on the other hand, doesn’t waste time. “Have you two seen where your brothers and sisters have disappeared too?” He inquires, explaining to Omari and Talia. “Sorry for the intrusion, but we’re missing our other little monkeys. Have they been through here?”
“No, they haven’t been in here. Just these inquisitive ones.” Omari replies.
Ling comes forward. “Wil, we haven’t seen them either. I mean, not after we got back from the forest.” An honest answer, while Harper holds back, hoping they’ll not push the subject. He doesn’t find it necessary to divulge state-secrets. After all; loose lips, sink ships!
“Okay, okay....” Nyla, changes tactics. “Omari, we’re going to borrow your new assistants for a while.” Taking Ling and the guilty looking Harper by the hands, she guides them to a more private area of the laboratory, where the third-degree can be administered.
“I don’t know anything! .... I swear!” Harper exclaims, knowing full well where the others are off to, and what they’re doing.
“Oh, don’t worry Harp. We aren’t mad at you. Not yet, anyway.” Nyla reassures, putting an arm around the nervous lad’s shoulder. “We just want to find out where the others have gotten off to. They might be in danger.” She feels him quiver, ready to break!
Wil joins the interrogation. “Harper.... how long have you kids been reading minds with Razzi and Surri?” A simple question, with no easy answer....
When the boy doesn’t respond, attention is turned towards an innocent looking Ling. “Well, young lady? Can you answer the question?” Mom inquires exasperatedly.
Afraid to tell the truth, the young girl lies. “No Nyla, I didn’t notice anything like that.” She fidgets; a tell-tale sign of subterfuge!
Attention is redirected at Harper, who has regained a cool countenance in the face of heated inquisition. Ling’s lie brings newfound confidence, but it’s not easy! Previous cracks in his armor, quickly widen as Nyla drills him with heated glare!
“Well, Harp,” Wil, inquires sharply, “what can you add to Ling’s non-truth?”
More cracks! Chunks begin falling! Harper, fidgets guiltily. He knows full well that Ling had told an untruth, and he wants nothing more in the world than to strengthen her fib with another. In all his years of dealing with these intelligent machines, he knew they could read him like a book at times like this. It would do him no good hide anything any longer.
However, the code of silence is sacred! Something never to be trifled with! Besides, the others have things on him that are protected by such trust! What to do! .... What to do!
“Well.... I.... don’t really know what you are talking about.” He tries his best to keep an innocent look yet fails miserably!
Nyla’s, circuits heat! She grips him by the shoulders, drilling with a laser-like glare. “Harper, we’re very worried that your brothers and sisters are involved with something extremely dangerous. Do you want them to be harmed?” She thickly slathers a guilt-trip!
“Well.... Jeez, Nyla.... I just can’t tell on them! I just can’t!” Lowering his head, he finally admits involvement in the rapidly evolving situation, and Nyla knows that to force him to tell on his siblings in a direct fashion, would break a trust.
“Okay, Harp.... Okay. I understand what you’re saying. You feel it’s unfair of us to force you to rat on the others who trust you with a secret. I can respect that, but we want you to know that it’s very important for us to find them. Their lives may depend on it.”
She searches her parenting circuits and changes the inquiry. “Okay, let’s try this.... Can either of you please tell us where we shouldn’t look for the others?”
Harper and Ling see the logic in the question. They wouldn’t actually be telling on their brothers and sisters if they only mention places where Nyla and Wil aught not look!
Ling speaks up first. “Harper, do you remember what we talked about the other day?” She reminds him of their growing concern for the others. Dangerous activities afoot....
“I remember Ling.” He admits forlornly, hating the idea of becoming a ratfink. Lifting his sad face, he seeks terms. “If I tell you where not to look, will you promise to find a way to make it look like you found them by chance, and not by us ratting them out?”
The anxious androids breathe a sigh of relief! Finally, some progress! “Oh yes, Harper! My goodness, yes!” Nyla exclaims wholeheartedly. “We promise to make it look like an accident! I mean, they must know we’ll be looking for them anyway!”
Both youngsters, tearfully cheer-up as a path for redemption opens. They wanted to say something before, but just didn’t know how to do it. Harper lets the cat out of the bag. “Well.... In that case.... I suppose you shouldn’t look inside compartment-13 down in the lower level” There! That wasn’t so hard, the young man thinks! .... Ling takes his trembling hand.
“Compartment-13? .... Why, that’s in the crushed section of the ship!” Wil exclaims frustratedly. “Are you sure about that Harp?” The boy hangs his head once again, mentally exhausted. He’ll say no more about the subject.
Nyla embraces both. “Thank you! We love you!” She exclaims and skillfully garners more information while the kids are weak and off-guard. “Did either of you use the headband?”
Not remembering that the headband was never brought up during the cosmic inquisition, Harper unwittingly tells more information than necessary. “You know me Nyla.... I might be a daredevil, but I don’t let anything near my head that I don’t understand; and that headband scared me so much, I didn’t dare try it!”
“I didn’t either Nyla. Promise.... I’m with Harper.... He told me not to touch it, so I sure didn’t!” Ling informs stiflingly as she realizes mom had hoodwinked her and Harper.
“Oh, that’s good news young-ones!” Nyla offers praise, feeling her circuits cool a few degrees. “Now, I want you both to go back and learn as much as you can from Omari and Talia. They enjoy having you around. We’ll come and get you soon. Okay?”
“Okay Nyla.” The youngsters answer in unison, running out of the inquisition-chamber as fast as their little legs can carry them!
“Nyla, those lower levels have been off-limits to the kids since the days when they first became mobile.” Exasperation filling his tone.
“Well, I can’t imagine a better place for drawing the attentions of kids looking for excitement and adventure.” She responds, grabbing flashlights and a medical kit. The worried androids, head for the ladders that lead into the murky, crushed bowels of their home.
The headband-eleven
Into a realm of dank coldness, mom and pop enter a world of high anxiety. Below the saucer habitat that brought them to Oberon Prime, lies another universe. A twisted, tortured universe! Through spider webs and dread, they focus lights, trying to get a bearing.
A long-ago landing had turned the place into a twisted kind of hell. Ghosts and hobgoblins threaten to jump from the dark shadows at any moment!  Circuits, heat!
“Oh, Wil! I don’t think I like this place!” Nyla exclaims with a chilled tone. “Who would want to explore such a place as this?!” She quietly exclaims.
“Well my dearest, we sure aren’t in Kansas anymore, that’s for sure!” Wil jokes nervously under his breath. “Just look down, and you’ll find your answer.”
Lowering her torch, she sees a herd of boot prints running the length of the nearly crushed corridor and into the horrible darkness beyond.
“Oh, those little scamps!” She exclaims under her breath so’s to not wake the dead.
Above, the ceiling slants downward and the floor upward as they go deeper into the depths of hells labyrinth.
“Yup, they’re down here all right. Either that, or we’ve a big rat problem!” He jokes whisperingly, just as the real-deal scurries from a hole in the wall just ahead of a slithering snake! Into another hole, the nightmare goes, leaving the machines rattled!
“Oh! Don’t speak of terrible things, Wil!  My goodness!”
Soon, they reach a hatch that had been sealed shut many years prior, but now the seal is broken, the door ajar! A frozen chill goes through the android’s circuits!
The worst fears a parent can imagine, are coming to life, like a bad dream that keeps going after awakening! A whiff of gagging air hits them in the face as they go beyond the hatch. The smell of damp dirt and rotted vegetation permeates their sensors!
Intensifying their lights against the inky dread, they make their way along a severely damaged passageway. Its walls crushed accordion-style. Using infrared sensors within their optics, they see no heat signatures ahead.
“Don’t call out, Nyzilla.” Wil whispers teasingly. “I want to catch the little scamps red-handed. If they hear us coming, they’ll hide the headband and escape through some rabbit hole.”
Soon, they are on hands and knees as the trail goes deeper into the creepy depths. All manner of dust, dirt and rocks, sprinkle down from above. The feeling of crawling through a grave, is not lost on mom and dad’s circuits.
Ahead, the trail leads into the tiniest of holes. Nearly too small for big machines! Wil, whispers over his shoulder. “Well dear, if it’s into the rabbit hole they went, then into the rabbit hole we much follow. Stay here if you wish.”
“Not on your life, Mister Sohn.” She whispers back. “Oh! And on their birthday no less!” She mumbles, as the need to call out, works like sandpaper against her heated circuits. She follows Wil into the hole, using great courage to not call out!
So dark! So cold and lonely! Suddenly, Nyla’s flashlight has a glitch! She silently curses the universe and bangs the device like she’s never banged anything before! Flickeringly, it comes back to life before she smashes it to broken atoms!
With claustrophobia biting at their circuits, a dim light come to them from the darkness ahead! “Okay Nyla,” he whispers. We’re here, but I don’t see anybody yet.”
Nyla is too upset to make comment. She can only follow Wil’s lead, hoping for the best. Ahead, the narrow tunnel, mercifully turns into a compartment that had partially survived the carnage of landing.
 Faint voices, filter to them through gloomy lighting.... unintelligible murmurings, flow from the dark shadows ahead. The scene within the cave, is enough to cause any parents a lifetime of nightmares! Nyla and Wil are affected no less!
They come upon their children misbehaving in a way that’s reminiscent of an opium den from the old earthling days, but without the drug. This drug is electronic, but mimics. They lay about the place, not aware. Most are seemingly unconscious, perhaps worse! Others are groggily conscious, but unmoving for the most part. Heated circuits, chill in a bad way!
Stealthily entering the tight quarters, mom and pop maneuver through a sea of young bodies. Many blank expressions come their way, but so far no headbanded one.
Max, Shirley, Magnus, Amy, and Adam are the first of the group they encounter. Groggy, yes, but quickly stiffen with a dear in the headlights look, as they realize they’re so busted!
Further on, Tina, Toby, Cooper, and Jax are laying prone on the dirt floor, hopefully asleep! Kara is at the far reaches of the cavernous space. She sits on the ground with Braxton’s head in her lap. Holding his hand, she watches him intently; oblivious of Wil and Nyla’s approach.
Braxton is wearing the headband! Beads of perspiration above his eyebrows, speaks of the great stress within. His eyes are rolled back white. His small body quivers, as the headband does whatever it was designed to do!
Wil moves quickly to remove the offending device, but a tiny hand grabs his wrist with a strength that surprises him! Kara, who had seemed to not notice the intrusion, quickly comes back to awareness, preventing a quick-disconnect of Braxton’s link.
She looks at Wil disconnectedly. “They said it’s dangerous to remove the band before it’s finished. Please don’t!” She pleads desperately.
With one glance into her sad, blue eyes, Wil can see that she’s serious about the warning, but wonders just who or what, she meant by ‘they’!
Wil’s hand hovers just inches away. He wants to grab the device and crush it into a pile of broken atoms! His arm shakes from conflicting signals! CPU tries desperately to override caution and move those electric muscles to help Braxton!
With great resolve and trust in Kara, he gets control, shoving his instinctual desires back into their dark cage! He’s never had a conflict within his CPU like this before, and with newfound resolve, he backs his quivering arm away from the boy’s head.
Nyla moves closer, taking Kara into a loving embrace. She and Wil watch in horror as the ancient headband from a time long past, maintains a mysterious grip on one of their children! All they can do is wait for the parasitical thing to run its course and release its latest victim!
“Kara how long do these lessons last?” She inquires desperately.
The question breaks Kara’s semi-trance. She blinkingly comes back more. “Well.... Tina, Toby, and Cooper, just finished, and they took about three minute each.... Braxs’ time should be almost finished.”
Just moments after Kara’s prediction, Braxton’s eyes roll back into place and he reaches to remove the headband. Placing it on his chest, he focuses on his surroundings.
Instantly, he realizes that their safe haven has been compromised. Even while still hazy, he knows that Nyla and Wil are there! Soooooo busted!
“Hey Wil .... Hey Nyla .... I guess we’re in big trouble now, huh?” He surmises groggily, strength drained.
“Don’t you worry about that now, young man.” Mom says lovingly as her circuits glow hotly. Sitting, she cradles his head in her lap, smoothing his hair back into place, and slumps backwards to the ground. She’s out cold, as another time-out takes her down a dark path!
Wil is at her side quickly, hoping she comes back again. “You kids are going to be the death of Nyla, if you don’t start behaving more appropriately.” He scolds, mournfully. Hoping the gloomy cave isn’t where his electronic soulmate breaths her last!
Now, all the kids are back to full consciousness. Many, cry when they see their mother in such a condition. They move closer, offering support. Braxton quickly regains much of his strength. “What happened to Nyla, Wil?” He asks desperately, truly not understanding.
Cradling Nyla in his arms, he explains about the printing anomaly that causes mischief in her circuits when overheated. Braxton and Kara were too young to remember her time-out during the cat attack.
“So, you see children, we androids are not perfect. We too can have failings of health.”
Shortly thereafter, a twitch of leg, a shiver of arm. Then, she opens her eyes to see everyone looking down at her.
“Oh, my circuits! I’ve gone and done it again, haven’t I!”
“Yes, my dear.... welcome back. Now, lay still and relax for a few minutes.” He begs.
The kids gather around, offering support the best they can. “We promise to behave Nyla, please get better!” Kara exclaims, as the others make the same promise with tear-filled eyes.
Wil picks up the headband and helps Braxton to a sitting position. Soon the lovely android is feeling better and aching to get out of the horrible lair. The young humans lead the way out of the labyrinth, gathering beyond the hatch that should have been welded shut, years earlier!
“Okay everyone, make your way to medical. You’ve all earned an appointment with Omari and Talia.” He informs direly.
“Awe jeez.... I feel just fine Wil....” Braxton declares, receiving a stern look from Nyla, as she takes his hand, leading the way.
“I’m very disappointed in you Braxton Crane!” Mom scolds. “You’re supposed to be the one who sets an example.”
Braxton gives her the saddest of looks, knowing in his heart that he didn’t put anyone in any real danger. Except for perhaps allowing his stepsiblings to play in such an unstable place as the dungeon tunnels. The headband didn’t seem to have any lasting effects, but of course there’s no way to explain that to an adult!
Inside medical, the group waits patiently while Omari is informed of the headband use. “Well, the only thing I can do beyond a physical, is to dust off the MRI scanner and see just what’s going on inside their little melons.”
“I was hoping that you might recommend such a test.” Wil says gratefully, as he hefts the offending headband. “We really need to find out what changes if any, this thing has caused to their young minds.”
Omari takes the device, giving it another visual inspection. It had been many thousands of years since he had inspected it last, and still he couldn’t understand anything about it. It has no dials or switches, and no obvious power source.
“After the MRI’s, I’ll have Cody and Atara take a look at this thing. After all, I’m just an old country doctor, not an alien-electronics whiz kid like they.”
Talia interjects. “Omari, we have an extremely limited supply of liquid helium on hand. We won’t be able to test all the children today.” She mentions the superconductivity requirements that the MRI device demands.
“That’s okay.... we’ll test however many we can. Perhaps it won’t be necessary to subject the others, if we find no anomalies. However, we need to run a baseline first. We don’t yet know if the long journey in cryo-preservation has altered their physiology in a significant way, when compared to our historical medical-data of humans. Wil, you said that Harper and Ling have never used the headband, so we should run a scan on one of them first.”
“I’ll see if one will volunteer, while you and Talia get the test ready.” Wil informs, and heads out of the compartment to find them.
He finds Ling and Harper visiting with their siblings in the other room, seemingly not in any hot water after squealing. When Wil tells of Omari’s recommendation, all eyes of the headband-eleven, grow big with fear! Nobody likes medical exams.... of any kind!
Ling and Harper sit comfortably; almost smugly in fact. They hadn’t used the devise, so there’s nothing to worry about. To them, it seems a good punishment for their siblings, in lieu of being grounded.
Then, Wil takes them to the side and drops the bombshell! As he explains what’s needed, the they recoil, wanting to shrink to the size of an atom and escape!
“I volunteer, Wil.” Ling steps bravely forward, knowing that Harper would rather die, than put his head into such a scary thing! Why, the very thought of having his brain sliced and diced, would stop his poor heart!
Harper knows he can’t let Ling take the medical bullet. Pushing fears to the side, he digs deeply into his reservoir of courage. It’s in there someplace, he knows it! He’s used it before! Keep looking, he things bravely!
Being very proud that Ling volunteered, is enough for him to work up a newfound male pride. Sitting taller than before, he looks at Ling with a shaky smile. “No Ling, I can’t let you do it.” He hugs her, adding. “Thanks for volunteering, but I’ve always wondered if I have anything up there, and here’s my chance!” He gulps hard, not believing what had just come out of his mouth!
Tears fall. Ling can’t believe the words either! “Oh Harp! Are you sure? You’re so brave!” She exclaims, knowing Harpers fear for injuries to his head. His history of getting his melon clunked, is known by all!
“I’m sure, Ling.  I’m sure.” He boasts, wondering when he’ll start believing. Turing to Wil, he stands resolutely. “I’m the one who’ll give the baseline.” He informs, ending the discussion.
Nyla takes the young man by the hand. “Now, don’t you fear for one moment, Harper. Sure, it’s a noisy test, but I wouldn’t let you near anything that was dangerous to your health.”
Soon Omari and Talia have the necessary equipment ready, and Harper is placed into a seat below the ‘hairdryer-looking’ device which is lowered scarily. Everything goes dark!
Most of his head is swallowed by the claustrophobic MRI scanner. Omari had previously performed the necessary calibrations and didn’t waste any time that might allow Harper to change his mind.
“Now, hold very still Harper, and don’t mind the noise; it’s normal.” Omari instructs firmly, as he starts the examination with a push of a button and the twist of dials.
Talia holds Harper’s hand. The scary machine clunks and buzzes noisily, as the powerful electromagnetic-coils and rotors, spin up to the required RPM’s. Way worse than any puny headband, he thinks!
Harper squeezes Talia’s hand as he thinks of all the magnetic lines of force, ripping through his skull as they slice and dice his poor brain! It’s a process that would make even the bravest, wonder if they had gone too far!
Soon the clunking and buzzing ends. Omari lifts the machine from Harper’s head, bringing a feeling of mega-relief to the lad! “Well my boy, the test is complete. I’m proud of your bravery! The computer is chewing on the data now, and we’ll know the results shortly.”
Not long after Harper joins back with his anxious siblings and parents, Omari arrives with the test results. He scrolls through pages of data, negatively shaking his head with a dark frown.
“Well Omari? Is it bad news then?!” Harper inquires frightfully, trying to get a peak.
“Well, there seems to be an anomaly, my boy.” Looking sadly into the lad’s eyes, “The test results show that there is absolutely nothing inside your thick skull! .... You have no brain, my dear fellow!” He roars maniacally, unable to contain his circuits!
The crowd goes wild! The stress of the situation is shattered by Omari’s sick idea of a joke! Nyla and Wil know instantly that all is good. That Omari would never attempt such levity if something was actually wrong.
Harper, slaps palm against his forehead, crying out. “I knew it! I knew I was missing something all these years!” He jokes, as his brothers and sisters roll with tear-filled laughter, patting their brave brother on the back!
“Oh Harp!” Magnus exclaims, wiping his eyes. “That test must be wrong! I’m sure I could hear something rattling around in that skull of yours all these years!” Another round of laughs, before Omari brings them back down to Oberon Prime.
“Actually Harper, the exam shows that you have a very healthy brain. One that’s still in line with what we would expect to see.” He offers the good news, glancing at the headband eleven.
“Who’s next?”
The room goes silent! Definitely a tumbleweed and cricket’s moment! .... You could hear an atom drop! .... Omari had never seen such exuberant laughter stop so abruptly! Suddenly, the humans he’d brought into the world, morphed into a herd of deer in the headlights!
The androids laugh like never-before, but Omari already knew deep in his circuits, who would voluntarily step up to the plate. He was right .... So, with Braxton Crane under his arm, Omari guides the brave lad off to be examined.
Ling collects Mister Williams, and they move off to a quiet corner of the room.
Something Toothy this way comes!
The jungles of Titania Alpha, and the creatures within, are reminiscent of an earthly time-period known as the Cretaceous. Many species throughout the universe, follow similar paths of evolution. Three-eyed people and unicorns, not so much, but big-ass mean animals; hell yes!
Earth, for the most part, may have continued along the line of reptilian dominance, had not a big rock fallen from space, wiping clean or nearly so, the slate that took 250-million-years for Mother Nature to write.
After this cataclysmic event, our mammalian ancestor who survived the impact, managed to create a better foothold as many reptiles went the way of the dinosaurs. Over time, with a diminished threat for survival, it became more secure.
Titania Alpha has yet to be dealt such a devastating deathblow from above. But over time, the recently arrived earthlings might prove to be just as cataclysmic to the indigenous monsters as a big rock from above!
Nearly unstoppable and bent on dominance, the creatures from within the metallic saucers are already making their presence known. Everyday, a new elbow in the face must be given to this harsh world!
Whether indigenous life, or alien; both fight for survival. The great difference is that the invaders from space can think outside the box. After all, they’ve been there, manipulating Mother Nature in ways that fits their needs and desires, they will not be denied their piece of the cosmic pie!
These days, the climate near the colonies, is steamy and hot. Attempts to hold nature at bay, has been a great challenge for the android pioneers. For the most part, what keeps an android up at night, is the constant worry that the perimeter fence will be breached, allowing ferocious toothy creatures to seek vengeance against the disruption of ancient hunting grounds.
The earthling machines stand a better chance of survival from such attacks, but the soft fleshy humans are the favorite choice. They’re tasty bite-sized morsel’s, with just the right amount of juicy crunchiness and a piquant of beautiful screaming thrown in to boot!
From within steamy dense foliage, a feathered male Toothy, watches angrily as two offending creatures busy themselves with repairing what his son had destroyed earlier in the day.
He can still here the boy whimpering deep in the jungle, as mom nurtures injuries inflicted by their new enemies. A bright light had struck his boy in the nose and rump, sending him screeching! Something a boy Toothy, ought never do!
With anger still hot, father Toothy seeks to destroy! He stealthily watches, biding his time as a strange confusion sets in. The wind brings no familiar odor from the pair of soon to be meals.
Standing on beefy hind legs, dad parts the foliage with clawed forelimbs and long, tooth-filled snout. Breathing hotly, he readies to pounce!
At 11-tons, and 12-feet-tall, he’ll close the distance rapidly, surprising his prey with a mighty roar, a mouthful of snarling fangs, and near-toxic bad breath!
“Okay Avery, I’m ready! Move the crane closer!” Adak, yells down to his mate. He balances on a lofty high-wire, suspended 25-feet above the ground.
With the repair nearly completed, he looks forward to seeing their kids after a hard day’s work. He absentmindedly ponders the earlier attack which damaged the fence.
During that attack, the poor animal was wounded by laser-fire. It screeched bloody murder, quickly disappearing into the dense jungle growth, sending birds panicking in all directions!
At the time, he thought the animal was alone. Yet the small stature of the beast, should have warned him that mom and dad might be near. Adak’s workday soon takes a turn for the worse, due to the mother of all mistakes on a hostile world.... complacency!
“Here it comes!” Avery warns. “Watch your fingers!”
The crane delivers the last thick wire for the repair. Adak deftly attaches it to one side of the final gap. Then, shimmying sideways, he drags the last wire, securing it to electrical insulators along the way. Soon, its job finished!
Adak, winks at his lovely partner, offering a thumbs-up. They both know family-time with the kids is near. Glare from the sun, causes him to lose situational awareness. Clinging to the inside of the fence, he has false belief that he is safe!
Outside, jungle foliage trembles, as something dangerous lurks ever closer! Adak, without a care in the universe, busies himself with collecting tools back into his utility-belt.
Suddenly, with the mightiest of roars, papa Toothy explodes from the thick jungle! Foliage is torn asunder, as the angry animal breaks into the clearing between himself and the fence. With powerful muscles pumping with adrenalin, the creature lunges like he’s never lunged before!
All 11-tons leave the torn vegetation behind, as strong hind legs push his impressive mass into the air! With heart pounding, the angry father stretches his neck for increased bite-range. A bright beam of light singes his snout feathers, as the other victim attacks!
Adak tries to scramble, but as in a nightmare from hell, he’s frozen in place with feet like cement! A cosmic deer in the headlights! The poor fellow doesn’t stand a chance! He lost focus on an unforgiving world. Something other androids and humans have done. It didn’t end well!
Adak sees death incarnate leap! He sees the blinding beam of energy flow past as if in slow motion! His life, flashes before his circuits!
Gripping the wire in panic, instead of letting go and falling into the enclosure, he sets up a huge win for the charging beast. Like a dangling piñata, he presents himself for a good tearing! And nobody tears better than papa Toothy!
Clinging to the fence, 10-feet off the ground, big Toothy forces his shout through the wires and finds a leg! With a sickening crunch he bites hard, pulling the heavy android through the wires as if he were nothing!
Gnarly fangs grind into Adak’s electro-polymer muscles! The monster nearly goes berserk! Taste buds light-up with a nasty sparkness its never known! It’s a horrible stinging juiciness, making him want to drop the meal and sneeze. But this thing hurt his boy!! It must pay!!
Little does papa know; the main course has yet to be served!
Adak, hangs from the monstrous jaws, shaken like a rag doll! He doesn’t yell out; even though doom is nigh! Thrashing, he desperately seeks freedom!
Tossing the nasty meal, papa snaps for a better bite....
Crack! An evil-explosion fills the jungle as fangs slice into a main power-cell! Within a micro-second, it empties a full measure of electrons into the enraged beast! Smoke, fire and burnt saliva explode from the powerful jaws! Bad breath, like never before!
Such a jolt of burnt torture, makes the sour taste from before, seem like mother’s-milk! With a tremendous snap and puff of burnt stench, enough juice to kill 20-humans, flows through the animal! Current flows hard, as the raw electricity finds ground under his wet, calloused feet!
Like a pissed-off feathered Godzilla, the big male maniacally whips his head hard. Smoking jaws release in the android’s favor. Adak is thrown high, flailing like a ragdoll and passing back over the fence in a beautiful parabolic arc of freedom!
Landing like a ton of bricks, he’s become a heap of smoking wreckage! Arms and legs sticking out in places that didn’t seem natural! Not unlike Beetle Bailey, after an angry Sarge gets done with him!
With screeches of bloody-murder flowing through the jungle, papa forgets all pride and high-tails it like he’s never high-tailed before! Something an adult male Toothy ought never do!
With head-feathers and jaws burnt to a medium crispiness, he now understands his boy’s lack of pride. Each of them will surely remember to give these tall skinny-one’s a wide berth in the future! It they don’t smell like a meal, they probably aren’t!
Gathering his family, he moves them along the migratory path they had been on, before coming to blows with the strange prey, that bites back so hard!
“Adak! .... Adak! .... Are you still alive?!!” Avery calls, frantically. Leaping from the crane, she runs to his side. She’s never seen anything like it in all her long years! Her mate had flown from the jaws of death, barely clearing the top of the fence, and landed like a ton of smoking bricks!
When Adak was taken, Avery would have bet her next ration of electricity, against a successful outcome to the horrific situation.
Movement, from Adak’s pile of smoking misery! .... Slowly an arm untwists itself from the torture and reaches to pull a wad of dirt from his mouth. He takes a deep breath. “Oh, I’m just super! .... Never felt better! .... How’s bout you?” He replies smartassingly. His entire body radiates pain signals! His CPU working overtime to organize and prioritize the damage.
Avery moves quickly, removing debris and helping the fallen android untangle from the mess he’d become. “I didn’t see the monster until it was too late!” She exclaims. “Wow Adak, your lucky to be alive! My goodness, the things you get yourself into! I can’t take you anywhere!”
A sigh of relief as she pulls on his tangle, noticing that he still has both legs. One, torn to shreds and burnt to a crisp, the other heavily damaged and hanging by a thread! “Another inch to the left, and it would have been lights out for you baby!” Avery exclaims frightfully. Without that battery, his CPU would totally crash. For all intents and purposes, he would be dead!
“I can’t believe I let myself get so carried away.” He jokes. “It was nice of the good fellow to toss me back. Who would have thought a Toothy would ever catch and release, huh?”
Moaning with sweet relief, he dials down the pain signals. He can’t do away with them completely, but even a little, helps greatly. He reflects silently; glad to still be alive to feel it.
“I have the entire episode recorded for your viewing pleasure!” Avery exclaims laughingly. Her internal video system had caught the entire nightmare!
Later, she’ll share the video with everyone that wishes a good laugh, and a lesson regarding complacency and how to not freeze in the face of death! The look on the flying androids face is priceless, as his freedom from the smoking jaws, morphs into noticing the hard landing to come!
“Good old Avery! I can always depend on you for the finest video captures!” Adak knows he’ll never live this one down. Into the unforeseeable future, he’ll be the brunt of many jokes and cruel digs!
However, still being alive to hear them, is not such a bad thing. Not such a bad thing indeed! Avery makes sure Adak’s remaining battery connections are up to the rigors of movement. Although papa Toothy’s bite came close to severing the last vital electrical link, it still looks unscathed.
Members of a fast-response team arrive, whisking a smiling and embarrassed Adak, off to the android maintenance/research facility at the habitat. Avery goes with....
Others remain at the fence, repairing the damage from the attack. Soon, electricity is introduced, allowing for a welcomed sense of security within the enclosure.
It’s difficult for the stubborn carnivores to avoid the fence, as it blocks several long-held migratory paths. Staying safe on Titania Alpha will always be an uphill climb for the new kids on the block, who now and then, also take an elbow in the face!
The next day, Avery joins others at the commons, where the children are having a lunch break from school. Carla and Bryce call her to their table. The air is filled with nonsensical chatter, as fifty of the eldest kids from the Payne habitat settle down.
At nearly 12-years old, they are the most senior humans on the planet! When not in training, they help around the place as much as possible. It’s a tough world for them. One that should never be taken for granted or suffer a horribly painfilled death. For the most part, they’re good kids, if not rambunctious and hard-headed at times; like their environment!
“Hey Avery.” Bryce greets. “Pull up a chair and join us. How’s our Toothy-fighting friend doing today?”
“Hi Bryce.... Hi Carla.... Well, he’ll live. That’s the good news. For the most part, he’s going to require a new left leg and battery. The other leg is damaged, but repairable. He has multiple scrapes and tears in his epidermis, some of which will leave beautiful scars to help him never forget how lucky he is to have survived.” Sitting down, she ruffles Nolan and Keith’s hair.
“Hi Avery!” Nolan greets, excitedly. “Glad to hear Adak’s going to be okay. I hope he gave that Toothy what-for! Boy, I sure would have!” He boasts, receiving jeers from the gang.
Avery is about to retort, when Bryce intercedes. “Nolan, curb that mouth! Why, if you went through what pour old Adak went through, you would’ve been swallowed whole, with nary a scream before going greasily down. So, try to have respect.” He scolds the red-faced boy, who gets harder to control with each passing year.
Avery places a video tablet in front of the young man. “My boy, take a look at this. Then tell me just exactly how you would’ve given that beastie ‘what-for’.”
Youngsters gather around as the screen comes to life. Avery never tires from watching the terrible video. The ghastly lunge of the monster! The deer in the headlights look. The violent pull through the fence! The electrical explosion! And finally, being torn asunder before the freedom-flight back into the enclosure! She especially loves the way he sticks the landing! The crowd is stunned into silence. Dark faces turn ashen, white faces turn even whiter!
The group remembers to breathe, waiting for some sarcastic response from Nolan. Outwardly, the boy seems unaffected, but his guts churn from the horrible video! His arrogance-level has been growing by leaps and bounds lately!
“What do you think, my boy?” Avery inquires.
“Well.... Well, I.... Ummmm.... Avery, you didn’t video-shop that very much, did you?” For his response, a deluge of scoffing befalls the one who would have so bravely tamed the beast! Nolan turns red again, not enjoying being the center of attention this time around!
“That’s okay Nolan.” Avery let’s him off the hook. “Seeing isn’t always believing, but someday you’ll understand.” She ruffles his thick hair, trying to smooth wounded pride. “Soon, you all will be old enough to receive advanced survival training. Perhaps when Adak regains mobility, he’ll join-in for a refresher course!” The crowd goes wild! Even Nolan, forgets his ‘foot in mouth’ experience, glad Avery took the heat off him.
“Okay! .... Okay!” .... Bryce steps in, attempting to return order. “Quiet down! .... Quiet down everyone! I know you all have grievances about not being able to go beyond the fence. I hope Avery’s video puts a little fear in your hearts.” He says, adding.
“Perhaps now, you can get a good understanding of the danger, and know we weren’t pulling your legs after all.” He glares at Nolan. “My boy, you aren’t still putting thoughts in the others heads about venturing beyond the fence, are you?”
Nolan bristles at such a question in front of the others! He can’t possibly answer honestly under such circumstances. “No sir! .... Not me! .... I’m a paragon of virtue! How can you ask such a thing, Bryce?” He offers his best innocent look, but everyone knows the truth!
“Well, if you do go out there without permission; you’ll wish the Toothy got you first, instead of me!” Warning firmly, he realizes it’s risky to admonish the boy in front of others. Sometimes it worked .... but more often, not so much!
“Yessssss, Bryce!” Nolan fakes his submission smartassingly. Turning his head towards his siblings, he rolls his eyes, getting a few chuckles. Bryce lets it go. He didn’t enjoy locking horns with the boy, and lately that’s been happening plenty!
Carla, notices that Bryce’s effectiveness with the young man has expired. So, she changes the subject, informing of the next day’s schedule.
“Tomorrow, Bryce and I are leaving the compound to survey for an elevator-anchorage site. SPS Democritus will enter orbit soon, and it’s our task to start the ball rolling down here. So, I’m asking you all to be on your very best behavior while we’re gone. Shira will be staying with you. Please, cause her no strife.”
“Yessssss Carla.” Comes a chorus response from the gang of young humans.
The kids finish lunch and help clean the mess they made. Then, off to school they run, leaving the androids to their own devices. Avery excuses herself, wishing to get back to Adak’s bedside. “Good luck out there. And boy do I mean it! Watch your six! Those Toothy’s mean business, and their migrating this time of year.” Shaking hands, she heads across the common.
Bryce and Carla return to their quarters in the habitat. There is much to organize before heading into the wild. Upon entering, they’re informed of a message that arrived from Oberon Prime. It’s a welcome change to what lately had become a busy and frustrating day.
News from their closest neighbors, takes three-years to travel the relatively short distance between the two worlds. So, live conversations are impossible, using current human technology.
Even so, radio-silence is a good thing for the most part. It’s best not to advertise one’s location more than necessary. Unlike some fanciful theory’s, the universe is not a warm cozy place. Threats come in all shapes and sizes. After hearing about the Einstein’s encounter with space pirates while in route to Oberon Prime, everyone wonders when their turn will come!
The two androids settle at the communication console on the bridge, activating the video. The screen brightens with the smiley faces of Nyla, Wil and their dirty dozen. Although, Nyla had made them clean up and dress nice, so they weren’t so dirty now.
“Hello Bryce! Hello Carla!” Comes a blast from the past. “Kids; say hi to Bryce and Carla!” Nyla instructs, over her shoulder.
“Hello Bryce! .... Hello Carla!” The gaggle of youngster’s yell in unison as they try hard to behave themselves. They had never met the friends of their parents, but realize the importance, and act accordingly.
Nyla continues. “We hope all is going well over there. We miss you very much! We’re doing fine here. As you can see, the children are growing like weeds! Yesterday we celebrated their seventh birthday, and they’re all very healthy”
The video continues. Wil puts in his two-cents-worth before ending the video. “Last week we received an update from SPS Tesla. He’ll be arriving in orbit soon, and we all look forward to that. We hope the Democritus is also on schedule for you folks as well. Stay healthy, and we look forward to hearing from you. Take care and say hello to everyone for us. Chow!”
The video ends, leaving Carla and Bryce feeling sad, wanting more. They know that they’ll never again be able to see their old friends in person. Not with 18-trillion-miles between the two worlds. Using current technology, even if they had an operational spacecraft, it would take 11,000-years to make a one-way journey. There is it seems, a lot of space in outer space!
Nolan leads friends astray!
The next morning dawns bright and hot. After gathering necessary equipment for the task ahead, Bryce and Carla meet Kimora and Jace at the perimeter-fence main gate.
They’ve been trained in the art of geology, adding another level of professional opinion while hunting for a suitable space-elevator anchorage. Also, they bring two more laser rifles, and that’s always a good thing when trespassing Toothy’s domain!
While it would be nice to have the elevator-base located inside the fence, it must be kept reasonably far from the settlements for a level of safety. Even then, a failure of the monstrous cables, would still pose a deadly risk. So, they hope to strike a balance of minimized threat.
“Hi Kimora! Hi Jace!” Bryce greets with handshakes as Carla reviews external security-cameras. More than once, members of the community were ambushed as they left the predictable exit of their lair. So, caution is the name of the game these days!
The Toothy species seemingly lives just to be mean and ferocious; for the sake of simply being mean and ferocious! Hearing themselves roar, is a fantastic drug to their walnut-sized brains!
The group reviews the topographical map of where they hope to search. With their only helicopter down with a mysterious ailment, they must go on foot. “Okay, then it’s agreed; we’ll check these coordinates at the granite-mounds region. That’s a two-hour hike, so we better get going.” Bryce advises.
Making sure their lasers aren’t set to crispy critter, they head for the gate. It’s been found that a hot burn to a sensitive area, is better persuasion than trying to make a kill shot. Stay and fight reactions, instead of flight and fight another day, often ends badly for all. That, plus a dead animal will only lure more meat-eaters to the area.
They’re under no illusions that they’ll ever make the area totally free of monsters, but they strive for that just the same. As the population of humans grow, there may come a need for harvesting the animals, but for now it’s good to just leave them be, if possible.
“The coast is clear.... let’s head out.” Carla informs, swiping a card. With a tremendous clank, the electromagnetic-lock chills.
Releasing a mechanical latch, the group enters the no-man’s-land beyond. They’re quickly swallowed by dense vegetation at the edge of the jungle.
The going is slow; the equipment loving gravity! The four androids make their way towards their destination. All around, the jungle air is ripped with maniacal screeches, as small creatures and birds, flee the heavy footsteps of electric monsters maneuvering through their realm.
Crunch! Crunch! Crunch! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Sticks and branches make for a non-stealthy journey through the dank foliage. Sometimes, it’s not easy being an android juggernaut in a proverbial china shop!
One of the species of flying creatures, is well known to the scientists. On Earth, it would be considered a heavy-weight raptor. Something on the scale and impressiveness as a Harpy Eagle. Yet, these alien birds of prey are colored in tropical bright-blue and iridescent-red plumage!
The children had taken to befriending a few that would dive for food-scraps. A name for the feisty birds became popular, and they’re now commonly known as Cerulean flame’s.
“Carla, don’t look now but we’re being watched.” Kimora whispers, as there comes a ruffling of foliage not too far away.
“Oh my! What a beautiful creature!” Carla exclaims whisperingly. Hoping to not scare the large bird, she does exactly that, just like all the other creatures near their path of destruction!
She’s happy to see wildlife still in the area, as this generally means less chance that something really ferocious is nearby. Suddenly, she’s hoping they could stop and smell the roses, instead of work, work, working all the time!
“Okay bird lovers, let’s keep focused on the mission.” Bryce whispers, bringing their minds back down to Titania Alpha. “Remember, we’re not inside the safety of the fence, so keep an eye out for Toothy’s instead of beautiful feathers.” In return for the good advice, laser-like glares that would terrify a Toothy, drill deeply!
“Oh, don’t worry that tin-skull of yours Bryce!” Carla, retorts stealthily. “Let’s just hope we keep seeing these smaller animals. Because when they’re near, it means that Toothy is not. Or probably not, anyway.... Still, we’ll keep an eye out as always.”
Bryce leads the way, as the group pushes and smashes their way toward their goal. Now, it’s the androids who destroy, just trying to make it through their day. Sometimes, monsters come in all shapes and sizes; but not always with big teeth, or mean intentions.
Within an hour, they break free of the thickest part of the undergrowth. Ahead, the terrain climbs steadily, vegetation diminishing as granite bedrock takes its place. At the top of the slope, a rocky plateau spreads for many square-miles.
It’s this area, that interests the android scientists. It’s one of only a handful of places, where bedrock is exposed, making it possible to anchor and hold the tremendous stresses involved with a space-elevator.
While life on Titania Alpha is a satisfactory one for the pioneers from Earth, they realize the need to reach out into the universe even farther. The most efficient method for leaving the confines of their new world, is to climb out of the gravity-well, instead of relying on inefficient and air-polluting rockets.
Just creating a rocket-based launch system, would require an infrastructure that’s unattainable for the sparsely provisioned pioneers. Especially, when the elements needed for such, are spread across the planet and must be mined and processed. Difficult! Difficult!
Soon, a spaceship from Earth will enter orbit. With it, will come the makings for a fancy lift-system that will become the baby-steps necessary for reaching further into the cosmos.
“Break-time!” Kimora announces exhaustedly. She plots down, picking thistles off her jumpsuit. “We’ve been at it hard for over an hour, and I for one, need to take some time out.”
Even android electro-polymer muscles need a break now and then! Continuous output causes heat buildup that is never good in a machine or computer. Breathing deeply, cooling air soaks her circuits and muscle heat-exchangers. It’s truly an electronic-nirvana moment!
“I second that motion!” Carla, plops her well-padded metal posterior down next to her good friend, adding. “Kimora, you couldn’t have picked a better place to rest. What a view we have from up here!” She compliments.
Carla can only respond with another long sigh of pleasurable relief. Then, she too notices the view. One can see for miles and miles on such a beautiful day!
“Okay, you ladies win.” Bryce gives in, sitting next to his better half. Even if he chose to object, he wouldn’t do while still standing! Besides, he can use a rest also. After all, he’s no spring chicken anymore!
Jace, joins the team before unpacking and organizing the ground-penetrating-radar equipment that’s essential for determining the usefulness of the granite terrain.
In the distance, lies the low jungled valley they had just traversed. Beyond that, another mountain-top plateau of flattened granite, rises high above the jungle. The vista is breathtaking, even for an android!
Without the ability to recognize and appreciate beauty, a creature cannot truly become sentient. Doctor Maxwel Sohn and his robotic engineers, hit the proverbial nail on the head, when they learned the secret to truly animate these wonderful machines!
“Ah, this is the life, huh gang?” Jace says to nobody in particular. Laying on his back, hands behind his head, he feels his body heat being soaked-up by the cool granite. Nirvana!
Looking up at the puffy clouds that pass lazily, Kimora tries to recognize patterns in the ever-changing shapes. The blue background of the sky isn’t much different than earths. “Hey everyone, I see an elephant in that cloud up there!” She points at her hallucination.
All eyes take to the sky. Squintingly gazing, Carla responds. “Well Kimora, I can honestly say, that’s the most horrible elephant I’ve ever seen!” She jokes, with an infectious laugh.
“Hey, over there!” Jace, directs. “I see Carters crater!”
He speaks of a smoking hole their good friend had created after flying his fighter-jet into planet earth. All to stop fiends with murderous thermal nuclear intentions. While successful, and saving the mission to the stars, his crater had become the butt of many a joke!
“My my, Jace. That’s quite a stretch of the imagination!” Kimora responds squintingly.
It had been a long time since they had thought about the brave friend that was left behind due to a claustrophobic condition.
Bryce, is moved by the thought, wondering aloud. “I hope he had a good life with Tina and the gang. I miss him.... I miss them!” .... His words trail off, as Carla interjects.
“Hey, he might still be alive out there someplace.” Kimora offers hope, sweeping an arm across the sky. “After all, we’re still kicking, aren’t we? If anyone’s a survivor; it’s Carter!”
“Unfortunately, we’ll never know the answer to that question.” Bryce responds sadly.
Jace notices his partner, as she picks thistles off her jumpsuit. She twists to get the difficult to reach ones. He skootches closer. “Hey Kimora, hold still and I’ll get those.” He offers and begins grooming.
“Thanks, Jace! I knew there was a gentleman in there someplace....” She quips with a laugh, relaxing as he picks, picks, picks. Soon, a quid pro quo fest breaks out, as the group of machines engage in simian-like grooming behavior, reminiscent of early primates on Earth. Minus the hairy knuckles, of course!
Soon, Bryce regains focus. “Hey Jace, did the equipment survive the rough and tumble through the jungle?” He inquires, breaking the trio’s nirvanic-trance.
Jace, had lost track of the fact they were there to work. Kimora picks the last of the prickly thistles, allowing him to focus on the task. He makes a quick check. “Well, at first glance, it looks like everything survived, but we won’t know for sure until it’s fired up.”
The androids busy themselves with unpacking the gear. Before long, they have the ground-penetrating apparatus assembled and ready to be calibrated. Kimora is at the controls. “Well, let’s just turn this baby on, and see what we see....” She announces while flipping switches and adjusting dials. The machine comes to life as the display shines brightly in her face. After careful adjustments, calibration is attained.
The device penetrates the ground using a form of modified electromagnetic radiation. Granite is perhaps the least conductive materials it can examine. The penetration will be considerably hindered by the dense crystalline structure of the rock.
They need data to a depth of 100-feet, so the going will be slow. The main objective is to find an area of rock that’s not only consistent in depth across a specific region, but also free of fault lines or defects.
“Okay Bryce, it looks like we’re good to go as far as the equipment is concerned. Is there a specific area where you want to start?” Kimora inquires of the expedition leader.
“Wherever you wish my dear. This entire plateau looks good as far as I’m concerned.”
“Let’s start over there Kimora.” Carla points.
With the equipment raring to go, Kimora begins mowing the lawn. It’s a concerted effort, as Carla and the others, help by removing debris ahead of the device.
Back at the Faraday habitat, Shira has lost track of several of the older children while she and Wilma prepared lunch for the gang. Supervising nearly fifty rambunctious kids, is a challenge that taxes even the most skilled of androids.
Between keeping squabbles to a minimum, and preventing food-fights, the two mechanical-supervisors have their hands full!
“Wilma, have you seen Nolan and Keith? They’re missing from our little party.” Shira inquires, placing plates piled high with sandwiches at key locations on the table.
“No, I can’t say that I have.... and I also can’t say that I’ve seen Ashley or Erica either. Have you?” Wilma inquires expectantly.
“Oh, those kids! Wait until I get my hands on them!” Wilma exclaims, calling out for the wayward children as their teacher Jarad arrives with a question of his own.
“Have either of you seen Nolan and Keith? Those boys never showed for class. Also, Erica and Ashley are missing too!”
“Well, that tears it!” Shira exclaims, irritation broiling her circuits! “Those youngsters have flown the coop; and who knows where they have gotten off to. My circuits! Bryce and Carla are going to blow a fuse when they find out!” Shira doesn’t hold back. Nolan is already on probation of sorts. Now he’s spreading his disobedient influence.
“Oh, now don’t you worry about it so much Shira.” Wilma offers support. “Those little scamps escaped before you had the chance to do anything about it. I’ll get on the radio and alert the Payne to be on the lookout. Oh, won’t Bryce and Carla blow a circuit breaker!
Outside the norther perimeter fence, wind-blown sand partially covers a dropped sandwich. A Cerulean-Flame picks at the cellophane, trying to get at the goodies inside. Snapping wildly, it keeps its mate away from the culinary delight!
Nearby, human footprints lead away from a make-shift tunnel, dug under the fence. Twigs and branches had been placed over the opening in a juvenile attempt to keep it secret.
“It’s not too far now Ashley!” Nolan promises, as he helps her across some difficult jungle terrain. “See up ahead? The jungle thins, and then we have smooth rock to climb up the hill. We’ll get a better idea of our surroundings from up there.” He promises.
“Oh, I can’t believe I let you talk me into this fool’s adventure, Nolan!” Ashley exclaims venomously at the handsome young man. Looking back, she sees her friends bringing up the rear. “Come on Erica!” She calls whisperingly, so’s not to wake up the entire jungle.
After surveying a goodly portion of the rocky plateau, six exhausted android scientists take seats once again under the limited shade of a scrawny tree. Heated muscles cool, as the group reviews the data they had compiled thus far.
“Well.... here, here and here, we have unsatisfactory rock,” Kimora informs, “but these other regions show promise. I’d like to re-trace our efforts there, just to confirm our findings. With the supply ship due to arrive within a month, we better be very sure about where the anchorage will be the strongest.” She advises, sternly.
“No problem, Kimora.” Bryce supports her view of the data. “After the break, we’ll hit those areas again. Right guys?”
“Whatever you say, Bryce.” Jace, responds absentmindedly as he focuses on something in the far distance. Bryce and the others notice a look of shock grow on Jace’s face. They look, and about a mile away, across the great divide of lowland jungle, they notice four tiny objects. They’re rapidly ascending the rocky slope of a neighboring plateau.
The objects are bi pedal, moving rapidly....
“Kimora, hand me the binocs.” Bryce asks. “I have a bad feeling about those little dots over there.” Trepidation filling his tone.
“Here you go.”
Putting the glasses to his eyes, Bryce takes only a moment before confirming his worst fears. “By all the cracked circuits!” He curses loudly, despair gripping him hard. “Those kids are going to be the death of me!” He yells, maintaining the surveillance. “Those running dots are Nolan, Keith, and....” He squints hard, not quite being able to name names. “and two girls!”
Carla grabs the glasses. “Oh, those boys!” She exclaims, adding. “Those girls are non-other than Ashley Cromwell and Erica Struthers! .... Why are they running?!”
By this time, Kimora has retrieved her own glasses. She follows a path downslope from the fleeing humans. A chill flows through her circuits! “Oh my! .... They’re being hunted!” She yells the horrible words!
Across the expanse, an adult Toothy, breaks from the dense jungle at the base of the rocky slope. She sniffs the air, grunting displeasure. Two juvies pop out after her. Snapping and biting at each other, they jockey for dominance in a cruel world!
More sniffing from mom. She lifts her massive head, screeching frustration at losing the meal. With the little monsters snapping and fussing, she can’t concentrate!
It’s been a day without food on the migratory path, and she knows her babies must eat soon to maintain strength for the journey. The scent is a strange one for mother .... but food is food!
A terrible screech crosses the expanse, rattling the circuits of all! Bryce, reaches for his radio, calling home. “Gavin, do you copy?” He transmits, as the others begin gathering their weapons. No answer! He calls again!
The third call is a charm. “Hey Gavin, this is Bryce. We have an emergency on table-rock mountain! Please tell me the chopper is fixed!
“Emergency? Table-rock mountain? The chopper isn’t completely airworthy yet, but it’s close enough, I guess. Why, what’s up?”
“Nolan and three friends are being chased to the top of the mountain by three Toothy’s! You’re our only hope for getting there fast! How long before you can be airborne?”
“Holy electrons! .... Toothy’s you say? .... We can be airborne in five minutes! Holy electrons!”
“Great, but one-minute would be better!” Bryce wishes for the impossible, while thanking his lucky stars that the machine is airworthy enough! “Again, the kids are on table-rock mountain! .... Just a mile, due north of the colony! Hurry, Gavin!  Hurry!”
“Okay, Bryce.... calm down! We’re on it! We’re on the way!”
Bryce leads the way into the unforgiving jungle. Anxiety runs high! Many expletives, as the jungle slaps at the quickly advancing androids. Another distant roar breaks through the growth with circuit-curdling power. Sunshine is extinguished as the thick jungle swallows them up!
On table-rock mountain, four scared youngsters scramble uphill, breathing heavily! Checking their six, they see three Toothy’s advancing up the slope towards them! One large, and two smaller ones, suggest a mother with her cubs. They look hungry as always!
Mom sniffs high and low; searching for the scent of dinner. Close on her heels, two juveniles snap at each other, instead of learning. Mother, wheels violently; letting go with such a roar, it can be heard miles away! Nearby flowers, wilt at the bad breath sent their way.
With renewed focus, the scolded youngsters shake off mom’s saliva and rejoin the hunt. Movement ahead! .... A new scent, wafts past eager noses!
A harsh world!
Higher ground offers advantage to the hunted young humans, but not much! The sun grows hot; baking Titania Alpha, and most of its inhabitants.
Mother Toothy, sniffs the ground for her quarry as steamy air-currents fail to bring home the bacon. Everything is quiet, except for her little monsters who should be paying attention.
Back and forth they squabble, totally unaware of mom’s thinning patience! Frustration reaches a fevered pitch! Turning, she sets them straight yet again with a jungle-shattering roar that’ll leave her with a sore throat for her motherly efforts!
Shrinking from mom’s rage, they go quiet as mice. Grumblingly shaking yet another salvo of saliva off their feathery heads. The tempest is always bad! Mom should offer a towel with her displeasures! They fall back, following mom up the slope. All the while, sniffing the air like she does, and grumbling at each other under their breaths.
“Bryce, this is Gavin; do you copy?” The pilot calls, as he and Tara lift from the habitat. Turning to his co-pilot, Gavin makes an educated guess. “I bet a kilo of gold, one of those kids is Nolan.”
The boy just can’t escape his growing reputation as a hard-case troublemaker.
“Gavin, I copy; go ahead.” Bryce responds, as his heavy frame crashes through the thick foliage. He and Carla have taken point, creating a path of destruction that Kimora and Jace, could follow blindfolded!
It’s slow going, but still a much more careless traverse through the jungle than any of them would normally consider. With so much on the line, speed is critical. Another terrifying roar! Another frozen chill sent through circuits at the near-speed of light!
“We’re airborne, heading for table-rock mountain! We should be there in two-minutes!” Gavin reports excitedly from his nearly naked helicopter. Many engine cowlings had to be left on the ground as the emergency left the machine wanting.
“Copy that, Gavin!” Bryce, yells at his radio while still crashing the jungle. “You’ll get there before us, so good luck!” He keeps it short, as underfoot stability is truly taxed.
On table-rock mountain, four wide-eyed kids breathe heavily from exertion and fear. Taking in huge quantities of air, they lean against a spire of rocks piled-high at the top. Adrenaline, flows like a hot river through their veins, helping pumped-up metabolisms process oxygen better.
Trying to get their bearings, they look to Nolan for strength and leadership. While, not too far below, mother Toothy and cubs, reacquire the heated scent.
Now, mother has zeroed in on the fleeing hot lunches. She bellows ferociously, looking to see if juniors are learning yet. She’s rewarded with a renewed focus and a monkeying of her terrible roar as they leave her behind.
Hunger does wonderful things for the learning process!
Up ahead, they see what promises to be very tasty meals!
Bickering less, and drooling more, they compete for the top. They have visuals, but the scent is new to their primitive brains. No ancient memory tells that the prey is something to eat, but the smell of fear is thick! And that’s good enough for them!
If something smells of fear; it’s edible!
At close to six-tons, the juvenile monsters are well on their way to independence. Mom knows this is an important learning opportunity. They’ll need to hone necessary stalking skills that’ll be crucial, if they’re to survive in such a wild place!
The going is slick, and the slope steep. More than once, the towering beasts lose footing. Caution is paramount. While food is important, surviving the hunt without injury, is right up there at the top! Breathing heavily, they push ever-upward, focused on their goal.
The young humans panic! Time is running out! Soon, the beasts will be upon them! Not wishing to be torn asunder and eaten, Nolan frantically seeks a way out of the mess he created.
Behind him, the rocks ascend for 30-feet, before ending in a craggy spire. Many cracks in the rock-face tell of places where hands and fingers can find purchase, but there’s only room at the top for two!
“Ashley.... you and Erica climb to the top of these rocks!” He takes her hand, placing it in a tiny fissure above her head and lifting her onto the rock to get her started. “There isn’t room up there for all of us, but at least you two will be safe. Keith and me, we’ll find another place to hide. Go! Go!”
The girls climb like they’ve never climbed before! Like possessed monkeys they strive for safety! Adrenaline, doing what Mother Nature intended! Another blood-curdling bellows! Closer this time! Incentive to not fall, climbs a few notches!
After a knee-scraping ascent, the girls are soon balanced on the narrow peak. They’ve lost years off their life due to fright but are safe.... for now!
Try as they may.... try as they might, the monsters who stalk, won’t reach the girls for a bite!
Nearby, the boys notice a crevasse in another rock-face. They frantically attack a pile of branches and debris that block the dark opening. Each finds a robust stick with which to defend.... Or possibly supply the monsters with a toothpick for after the snack!
“You first, kid bro!” Nolan pushes Keith inside, knowing the fort isn’t very deep. Narrowing quickly, the fissure might not be enough! At least little brother will live, thinks he!
Juvies lead mom as they arrive at the top. Out of breath, invisible vortices form at expanded nostrils, as air is sucked-in with vacuum cleaner on steroids force! Nearby pesky insects don’t stand a chance....
Sniffing the rock-face where the girls ascended, they’re confused. Mom already knows not to waste time with that meal just yet. With an impatient growl and push with her monstrous snout, she gets them back on track.
A hundred feet  away, Nolan backs into what’s left of the fissure. Scent of fear hangs like a signpost over the thin fort. Juniors notice the sly creature trying to get wise. They charge!
Mother is satisfied with how her little ones advance on their prey. Instinctually, they no longer bicker, but cooperate and coordinate.
She keeps back just enough to snare if either creature tries to make a break. She too is hungry but knows these tiny animals would only be an appetizer for her immense needs!
Looking back, she sees the other meals watching from their lofty perch. They yell angry noises and throw rocks with grand obliviousness that she just doesn’t care! She’ll be eating them soon, just for fun! They can’t stay up there forever....
“Okay Nolan, you got us into this mess, so what do we do now?” Keith asks desperately, pushing himself deeper into the narrowing crack. His stick points outward, so he could poke.
“Hey, I didn’t twist your arm! Although, now that you mention it, I’m sure glad you’re here to help!” He jokes, but his stomach churns with fear. “Now, get back as far as possible!”
The monsters are upon them! Nolan swings and stabs with his mighty stick! Still, the Toothy’s snap viciously, filling their fort with such bad breath and tremendous noise!
Keith frantically compresses himself deeper. Nolan jabs hard, drawing first blood! The creature screams bloody murder! Falling back, it sneezes profusely, pawing at the painful wound on the end of its nose. Mother moves closer, angry that junior’s been struck. She’ll tear the mountain down, to get at the offender!
Nolan, squishes against his brother, who’s now safe. Just out of reach, gnarly jaws try to pick the morsel from the crack. The fetid air is so nasty, he can’t get a breath! Hot saliva, coats everything!
Suddenly, rocks fall from the sky again, as Ashley and Erica find another pile of ammunition. “Hey you monster’s! Eat this!” Ashley screams, releasing a hefty chunk. It hits its mark upside the head of one of the juvies! With a grunt, it shakes its head painfully, venting frustration that his meal is not so easy to enjoy.
“Get away from them!” Erica yells, throwing sandwiches when the supply of rocks runs dry. The food lands between the two young beasts, drawing their attention away from the main objective. Even thru the cellophane, the terrible creatures can smell the food within. An easy meal that doesn’t poke you in the face, is always welcome to the little monsters!
Mother Toothy is not fooled by such treachery! With a roar, and snapping charge, she gets to the thrown food first, claiming it for her own. Her hot anger brings renewed focus to the cubs. With grim determination, they return to the meal that fights back.
More food from the sky! Mother gobbles the sandwiches, getting cellophane stuck in her massive fangs, and sneezing from the sharp new flavor of mustard.
“Keep going, Keith!” Comes a frantic demand. “They’re snorting boogers on me!”
Keith pushes impossibly farther, squeezing his body where only spiders creep! A big hairy-one charges from its funnel web, posturing angrily at the intrusion!
Closing his eyes against the nightmare, the trapped young man prays to almighty atheismo that it won’t crawl on his face!
Claustrophobia and arachnophobia work dark magic on the lad’s psyche! Suddenly, being eaten alive doesn’t seem so bad! At least the Toothy’s won’t creepy-crawl while doing it!
The worst part is knowing that without help, he’ll die in the crack, eventually becoming a skeleton for the spider’s new webs!
 “I can’t go any further!” He yells desperately, as Nolan presses against him. Can’t breathe! Can’t breathe! Keith gasps, gladly taking in all the nasty bad breath he can get!
Outside the fortress of suffocation, the angry creatures snap at the ever-jabbing meal, that might not be a meal after all! With torn gums and blood oozing from snouts, they’re ready to go elsewhere. Never, have they dealt with such creatures as these, who fight so cunningly, and smell so horribly! How can such a stench come from so small a creature, they ponder.
The dominant juvie moves in for the kill, receiving yet another painful wound to his gum-line! Such a screech of pain! The beastie backs off, screaming bloody murder!
With his meaty gum lacerated, he loses interest in such foolishness. Whimpering defeat, he takes mom’s wrath without a care.
Sensing weakness, its sibling snaps viciously, drawing more blood than the stick ever did!
Mother moves in, separating them before they take to eating each other! Cannibalism is always on the table, but not preferable. She too, loses interest in these strange creatures, who fight like demons and probably have little meat on their bones anyway! Well, at least it was fun, she thinks!
Pointing her ample snout into the fissure, she vents one final torrent of rage! Stretching her long neck, she gets a Toothy grip on Nolan’s stick, yanking hard! The boy releases the weapon, preventing mom from pulling him onto the dinner plate! Luckily, he’s now just out of range of the slicing fangs and prying tongue, but the tempest of goo, is mercilessly thick!
From above, taunts and feeble pebbles continue falling. The monstrous trio becomes frustrated at lack of success. To make matters worse, the air starts thumping like heavy footsteps in the sky. A never-felt power, pounds against mom’s chest, getting her undivided attention. Raising her head, she sniffs and chitters warning! All squabbling stops....
A monstrous dragonfly this way comes! Bigger and meaner than any she’s ever seen, and Titania Alpha, has some big enough to carve steaks from! A great wind blows dirt in her eyes, making for heavy squinting to properly analyze the threat.
Suddenly, the sky glows red! One baby screams bloody murder! Then, the other! Mom smells burning flesh as the juveniles go crazy! She sees a beam of light hit again, bring forth another screech and smoking blisters on junior’s rumpus!
Never have the little monsters danced and pranced, as when Tara played the music for them! Photon music that completely changed their attitude about current events. She’s hell on wheels when it comes to administering pain where pain is needed most! Round and round they scamper, looking for the enemy who bites them in the ass! What has mom gotten us into, they wonder!
A burn from a laser might be clean, but the pain is excruciating! Much worse than just horrible! Wild thrashing and gnashing of the teeth, as mother snaps at the offender who hovers just out of reach, blasting her with powerful wind and roar!
Tara leans out the door of the small helicopter, firing bursts of focused energy. The scene below is frantic! She sees the girls, but still can’t make out if the boys are okay. Next to her primary targets, mother Toothy stands tall and proud; venting her horrific rage, as any mother would do. Snapping and clawing at the sky, she’s sorry she even got out of bed that day!
“Hold’er still Gavin. A few more shots will do the trick!” Tara takes aim yet again. More seething beams of energy hit home on already well-blistered rumps.
Mother is left unharmed. She’s too busy rounding-up her little darlings to be of further threat. Tara had reduced power, so’s not to inflict fatal wounds. Enraged with pain, the smaller Toothy’s back away. Downhill they stumble, snapping at each other, knowing in their monstrous hearts, the horrible pain is due to the others treachery!
“Okay Tara, they’ve backed off! .... Please, get back in here and buckle-up!” Gavin, yells as his machine is buffeted by strong winds. Circling around to gain better perspective, he spots Nolan pulling hard to get Keith free from the stony fortress.
“There’s the boys!” Gavin calls out, but Tara had already noticed.
“Thank the stars and planets!” She exclaims. Her heated circuits calming. With increased power, Gavin tweaks the collective, ascending to 100-feet. He sees no place to land but hovering in place allows Tara to unleash hell once again, if need arises. So far, it seems as if the Toothy’s have had enough fun for one day.
“Hey! .... They’re moving into the jungle!” Tara announces gleefully. Below, mother nips at the cub’s tails, even though they don’t need motivation. And nobody can nip like mom, so they run even faster! Whimpering flows like a torrent....
“Yeah.... look at’em high-tail it! .... Where’s their fight now?! Hey, maybe you should dot the big one too! Just to be sure.” Gavin jokingly suggests.
“Maybe I should dot your tail-end! .... just to be sure.” Tara retorts with a laugh, pinching Gavin on the cheek.
“Okay, okay.... I know better than to tease a sure-shot who holds a laser rifle in her lap.” He responds laughingly. With a hint of malice, but really just having fun, Gavin buzzes the animals who didn’t need any more motivation.
Now, the threat to the kids is gone, so he quickly cools his jets and wonders of his friends. “Hey Tara, what direction do you think Bryce and the others are coming in from?”
“Well, let’s see....” She glances across the expanse of jungle. Off in the distance, she sees the only other rocky plateau within miles of their location. “Oh, my circuits! Those monsters are headed in Bryce’s direction!” She reaches for the radio.
“Bryce; do you copy?” She transmits frantically. “Bryce; do you copy? Oh, please come in!” She calls again, panic setting in!
“Calm down and give them a chance to answer, Tara.” He tries to comfort but realizes the gravity. Normally, Toothy’s are just extremely dangerous. But when pissed-off, rampaging Toothy’s are surely much worse than that.... by many magnitudes of hurt they are!
“Tara.... this is Bryce; go ahead; over.” He finally answers. They’ve stopped for a breather under a dark and particularly thick canopy of jungle growth. Hot steamy air surrounds, as they all sit to cool their overworked muscles and CPU’s.
“Bryce.... Listen good!” Tara instructs. “We’ve found the kids! They’re safe on top of the mountain, but now the Toothy’s are headed your way! It looks like a mother and two cubs. They’re really pissed off, Bryce! They’re moving fast, so hunker down behind something substantial and be ready!” She offers her best advice.... “Do you copy?”
A short delay, then Bryce whispers. “Thanks, Tara.... We have large animals moving through the jungle now, headed our way. I’ll get back to you soon; Bryce, out.” A chill goes through Tara’s circuits, as she thinks of those large brutes meeting up with her friends!
Bryce checks the setting on his rifle, adjusting it to crispy critter. Something monstrous and angry, moves closer, smashing everything along the way!
“Okay everyone, those Toothy’s are coming, so stay low and hope we don’t need to fry their giblets.” He warns quietly, as they hunker beside a clump of thick vegetation. Electronic fears increase but leaves no tell-tale stench molecules as the threat nears.
The ground trembles! Bryce braves a glance, but the vegetation is too thick for a clear view! Now, things have calmed. The tremendous smashing and bulldozing is no more. Branches and sticks still crack and snap, but from the sound of things, the beasts will pass them by. Much growling and whimpering fills the jungle as the wee ones feel their pain. Self-pity going strong!
“I think they’re passing now. We’ll be okay.” Bryce transmits, instead of using the spoken word, which is always more enjoyable.
“Yeah, I think so too.” Jace, responds via the same technology. Still, anxious moments pass. Soon, it becomes apparent that they’ll be able to continue forward to the granite highland. Great relief flows, knowing the kids are okay. Lasers are powered-down, safeties engaged.
“Tara, do you copy?”
“I copy, Bryce; go ahead.”
“Those beasties have passed. We’re okay. .... continuing to the mountain. Are you sure the kids aren’t hurt?” He asks expectantly.
“Yes, they all seem fine.” Tara informs, adding. “We can’t land here, so I dropped a note instructing them to stay put, as punishment will soon arrive. We’ll keep circling until you get here. Permission to dot Nolan’s behind if he makes a break for it?” She inquires devilishly.
“Permission granted!” Dad laughs, adding. “Not really, my dear.... butt, the thought counts for a great laugh!”
Coming of age!
Titania Alpha:  On the mountain top, Nolan and Keith are soaked with Toothy-juice and bad breath molecules that cling like nothing has ever clung before. Keith, not so much. Still, it’s so bad, the girls gag when the boys come near.
 “Grossssss!” Ashley says to Nolan, pinching her nose. “I never thought I’d say this, Nolan, but you just stay away from me! Oh! .... You’re soooooooo grossssss!”
“Jeez yes!” Erica exclaims, nearly tossing her space cookies. “If I didn’t know better, I’d say those Toothy’s swallowed you whole, and you escaped out the back door!  Grossssss!”
“Oh boy!” Keith laments. “Thanks Nolan! First, the worst adventure of a lifetime, and now I won’t be able to get a date either!”
“It can’t be that bad. I once went a week without a shower.” Nolan argues sniffingly.
“Worse! .... Much much worse!” The girls, yell in a beautiful jinx moment.
Soon, they remember the big trouble they’re in, and that’s when four worn-out androids make their way to the top and plop down next to them. With overheated electro-muscles and circuits, they lay on the ground as if ready for the recycle bin! Bryce forces himself to rise and face the wayward Nolan.
“Do you kids have any idea what trouble you’ve caused us this fine day?” Bryce inquires gravely, sending the sternest glare in his arsenal. He quickly sees that none of them are seriously injured, and while he’s thankful for his lucky stars, the situation could have ended much differently!
Three of the youngsters want to point, placing blame squarely on Nolan, but keep their fingers down and mouths shut. With lowered heads, they avoid eye contact with the angry androids.
Nolan knows he’s the one that must take the heat. He raises his head, defiantly sending dad his own version of a stern glare. He’s sure his statement will get him destroyed, but a man can only take confinement for so long!  Behavioral anomalies be damned!
“I’m very sorry, for getting my friends involved with such danger.” A good start, he thinks. “By taking them beyond the fence, I put their lives at risk.”
Then, resisting the urge to apologize further, the boy allows defiance to rise and shine! “But we can’t stay cooped up in there, Bryce! Not when such a big world, calls for us out here!”
The angered lad blurts the words Bryce feared he’d one day hear. “Also, you never take us outside! .... EVER!” He pushes Bryce’s buttons. “We’re not little children anymore! We need less classroom, and more .... more of this!” He exclaims with a visceral wildness in his eyes.
Bryce is speechless! The young man stood his ground! Something he knew would happen, but truly didn’t expect so soon in his early years. Ashley and Erica look up with tearful eyes, realizing that the heat has been redirected. They’re in shock that Nolan fessed up, taking the bullet for them, even though it might not work so well when they get home to their own parents!
For now, their smelly hero has stepped up, laying his cards forcefully on the table. As well he should. Holding a royal flush, is nothing to sneeze at! Bryce must concede now!
Nolan’s brave display runs against the android’s logic circuits, but Bryce doesn’t allow any to blow. It’s obvious the boy has come of age and won’t be denied any longer!
Knowing a tyrannical outburst will only drive the boy to build his own fence. A fence built of rebellion and resentment, Bryce caves after an awkward pause.... Approaching the young man who bravely awaits destruction, he says....
“Okay, Nolan. I think I understand where you’re coming from. You feel that life is too restrictive inside the security fence. That I’ve been neglecting your needs for adventure and growth.” He states with reflective skill, adding. “Well.... if you promise to stay inside the fence until properly trained, I promise to teach you and the others, the finer points of surviving in the wilderness. I mean we start right now.... Deal?”
Shocked at not being destroyed in front of his friends, Nolan wipes tears that were forming. “You mean it, Bryce?” He sniffles stealthily. “No foolin?”
“No foolin young man.” He responds, embracing the boy. “All I ask, is patience. Because, without that, nature will surely kill you out here. That’s your first lesson, remember it well my boy.... All of you!”
With the first lesson given, Carla and Kimora gather the girls. “You two sure gave us a fright! My goodness, but you were brave to follow Nolan out of the fence.” Kimora offers a modicum of praise, instead of a heap of scolding. The young ladies, quickly regain composure, wiping the last of tears.
Soon, they even have themselves believing that the adventure was worth it! In an alien world of violent unknowns, it sometimes helps to be slightly delusional, just to make it through the day without cowering in fear.
“You know Kimora,” Erica, confides quietly, “we were about to get primitive on those mean old Toothy’s, but the helicopter scared em off!” She jokingly exaggerates. “Or perhaps, it was the lasers that got to them.... Wow, we could sure use some of those!”
“Well Erica, if you and the others are to be schooled in survival techniques, I imagine that laser ownership is in your future.” Kimora agrees, adding. “Just don’t rush it. Those tools must be treated with great respect.... or you’ll shoot your eye out!” She finishes with a sinister laugh, leaving the girls wondering if she hadn’t broken something during the rush through the jungle.
Bryce checks the time, seeing the hour is late. They had better be heading back or risk the jungle after dark. Not an option for the lighthearted! The helicopter could hover and take the kids aboard, but he knows how poorly that would sit with Nolan after their agreement. So, phase-two of the survival skills lessons, starts immediately!
“Well everyone, it’s time to get moving. We don’t want to get caught outside the fence after dark.” He warns, hoping that Nolan and the other kids pick up on the second lesson for surviving on the primitive planet.
There are many lurking dangers on Titania Alpha, and some of the worst only come out at night. Many are insidiously more dangerous than the Toothy’s! They wake up hungry, aggressive and toxic. Other concerns are the plethora of poisonous plants that abound, but the children are taught about those at an early age.
The group of humans and machines make their way into the jungle, and towards home. Bryce, puts an arm around Nolan’s shoulder, communicating that all is still good with their often-rocky-relationship. “Well my boy, what’s the greatest lesson you learned today?”
Nolan, being a blossoming alpha-male, answers in the only way that truly makes sense in his world. “Oh, I learned a good lesson, Bryce.... next time, I need to bring a bigger stick!” He points laughingly at the weapon slung over dad’s shoulder. “Like, that one!”
To his surprise, Bryce also laughs! He’s happy to be back on the boys’ good side. Even if sarcasm rules, it’s the beginning of them getting along better.
“Sandwiches!” Ashley adds. “Bring more sandwiches, Nolan!” Ashley interjects. “After losing some along the way, those mean old Toothy’s ate the rest!” The group has a great laugh while trying to not wake the dead.
For a while, they follow the broken trail created by the rampaging beasts. Soon, that trail breaks right, when they must go left. Hoping to win some points from the maturing boy, Bryce offers him the laser rifle. With wide eyes, it’s duly accepted with an ear to ear smile!
“Really Bryce? .... Wow!” Is all the boy can manage to say through the shock. Bryce halts the column, directing Nolan’s attention to the weapon. After entering a code, “Okay Nolan, put your right fingertips on the data-screen.” The boy does as instructed, and a series of approving chirps flow from the device. His fingerprints will now activate the rifle for his lasering needs.
A milestone has finally arrived; where one dominant species, graciously moves to the side, allowing room for another species to co-dominate. Hopefully; with peace between them. After all, moving to the side, does not mean moving to the sidelines!
“You’re now biometrically linked with this rifle, Nolan.” Bryce announces words only dreamed about by the young man.
“If you remember only one thing about the weapon, remember this. First and always, the safety is your best friend. Keep it on when not using, but always handle the weapon as if it were not. Live by this rule or surely it will bite you in the ass one day.” Pointingly he explains the workings. The other kids soak up the information like sweet nectar!
“Oh my!” Carla voices her opinion. “Don’t shoot your eye out!” Mom gives her best advice.
“Okay, let’s see if the device has linked you in a meaningful way. Scroll through and find the power setting. Make sure it’s set to mid-range.”
The boy checks, finding the setting ready. “Okay, Bryce. It’s set.”
“Great. Now see that big tree over there?”
“Yeah, I see it.” Nolan answers, widening his stance for better stability.
“Okay, give rip for 2-seconds at about 5-feet up the trunk.”
Nolan, releases the safety, takes aim and let’s rip! The darkening jungle, glows with an evil redness as the innocent tree takes the wrath of destruction. Flames instantly erupt from the devastating wound! Steam and smoke shoot forth sickly!
The beam tries, without success, to hypnotize the boy into keeping the trigger depressed longer than instructed. With strong willpower, he releases the trigger on time.
An exhilarating feeling flows through the lad’s psyche! Something new! Something.... wonderful! Humans simply love power at their fingertips! “Awesome!” Nolan exclaims, putting the safety back on. He notices looks of admiration from Ashley and Erica. They’ve never witnessed one of their own kind wield such power before!
“Nice aim, my boy!” Bryce congratulates, where congratulations are due. “Now, don’t forget about....” He stops short, as the young man is already engaging the safety. “Keep an eye out for danger. Those Toothy’s might decide to backtrack.” Suddenly, he doesn’t stink so badly!
Nolan is now armed and dangerous! Everything he sees, seems like a good target! He quietly dares nature to force his hand! To send those Toothy’s back his way!
Walking stealthily, his eyes tactically sweep the area ahead. A subconscious sense of heightened bravado fills his psyche. The terrible power he wields, pulls on his temptations. The urge to fire at anything that moves, is almost overwhelming for the young man, but he knows the wrath of Bryce would be upon him quickly if he acted the fool!
The world of Titania Alpha is going to be a difficult planet to tame. The very nature of the place demands constant vigilance. As the human population grows and expands, many of the more dangerous animals will get the proverbial ‘elbow in the face’ from a species of animal that doesn’t know the meaning of no!
“Hey Nolan, check your compass.” Bryce whispers, noticing that the boy is slowly going off-course from their intended path. One of the nice things about being an android, is that certain luxuries such as spatial-orientation, is built into their logic software. He slows, allowing Nolan to check his compass.
“Okay, we need to change course just a little.” Nolan announces whisperingly. Everyone follows the one who guides so well. He’ll make a good leader someday, father android suspects. Once he refines his emotions and stays focused, leading will become second nature.
Bryce, beams with pride as the perimeter fence comes into view. His boy had led them home safely! Although, he’s sure the more reserved Keith would have done so also. It had been a terrible situation, that ended well. A good bonding experience, that was long overdue.
Once inside the fence, Bryce takes possession of the laser once again, reminding the others that their turn with the weapon will arrive soon. Also, he reminds that there will still be consequences for their careless actions that day.
“Now don’t you kids think for one moment that you’re going to get away with sneaking out today.” He warns, gathering the youngsters. “Ashley, Erica, your parents already know about this little stunt you pulled today, so don’t be surprised if they react harshly when you get home. I’m sure you’ll get a nice speech, and hopefully a lot of extra chores in the coming days.” He smiles warmly, sending them on their way.
Carla comes over, joining her partner and sons. “You young men are going to be back-filling that big hole under the fence! I’m guessing that’s how you got out. Or did you find a way to hack the gate system?” She inquires, knowing that either is well within their devious capabilities.
“No ma'am! We didn’t hack the gate.” Keith responds. “Well, now that you mention it, that’s not a bad idea!” He jokes, receiving the look from both of his parental figures. “Sorry.... We’ll get a shovel and get to work.” Off they go, glad that their days of sneaking under the fence have ended.  Also, that they didn’t get eaten today!
They’re adults now; and must act accordingly.... or die trying!
Express elevator through hell’s fire!
The night is cryogenic above Titania Alpha. Frozen vacuum rules the darkness. SPS Democritus, has arrived from Mars and stabilizes into a geosynchronous orbit above a heavily jungled world.
Gravity is non-existent onboard the big ship. The long journey from Mars, is over. The transit, non-eventful yet time consuming. Main fusion-drives are throttled-back and allowed to rest. During the great voyage, they performed admirably.
The crew’s main mission is to tether a 500-mile-space-elevator-cable, to the planet’s surface. Yet, only half of the Democritus’s crew will walk on the planet, any time soon!
The mission requires as much effort from orbit, as it does from below. So, via a lottery, the lucky first pair of geo-mechanical engineers, ready for the very first freedom-flight. Even androids are susceptible to cabin fever, and after 175,000-years, everyone had it, really bad!
Inside a planet-facing launch bay, Tova and Zoey are tucked into their respective drop-pods. “How’s that feel?” Akiva asks, as she snugs harnesses.
Tova, lays on his back within the confines his torpedo-like conveyance. A coffin-like conveyance is more like it. Claustrophobia builds in his circuits but he daren’t show it!
Anyway, making any meaningful adjustments after the lid closes, will be nearly impossible. For all intents and purposes, he’ll be as a pea-in-a-pod. Locked inside, until conditions are ripe!
“Perfect! .... Thanks, Akiva!” He, and his partner in crime, Zoey, are being locked into separate atmospheric-entry spacecrafts. The ships are long, and slimline like a torpedo. While, one end has a robust flair that stabilizes, and provides natural aerodynamic braking once inside the atmospheric soup.
Affectionally called a torpedo, it’s one of the universes most intimate spacecraft. Soon, Tova and Zoey, will be enjoying wide-open skies, with plenty of elbowroom once again!
Either that or become smoking craters in the planet below! However, the former is way more likely, due to the exacting engineering that went into the pods.
“No problem my friend. Now, if that’s all, I’m closing the lid. Good luck down there!” Akiva responds kindly, if not a bit jealously. Half the crew won’t make the drop until the elevator is finished and running. Everyone must either make the jump or ride the completed elevator to reach the surface.
“Thanks, Akiva. I’m ready. See you on the flipside!” Tova jokes.
Akiva watches the lid close and seal, before floating away with a wave at the external video-feed. The spacecrafts are not small. At approximately 18-feet-long, and 6-feet-in-diameter, the entry-torpedoes are comprised of 99% life-support, and 1% space for passenger and sanity. Sometimes, even the sanity won’t fit!
They’re designed to transport one astronaut through hells-fire, then disgorge said astronaut into the airspace above the settlements. Tova’s torpedo moves along a rail, disappearing into a dark launch-tube, compounding the claustrophobic grip! A spiral hatch closes, sealing him in.
Unlike the Einstein and Newton, the Democritus has no flying saucer hidden within his bowels. Instead, 80% of the ships mass, consists of the space-elevator-stuff. Other supplies for the inhabitants are also plentiful, but not on the scale of the main objective.
“Have fun Tova.... you lucky dog!” Akiva transmits to check the radio link.
Just then, Tova didn’t feel like a lucky dog. Suddenly, he didn’t feel like a lucky dog at all! “Woof Woof!” He transmits nervously, adding. “Hey Akiva, please remember to open the exterior hatch before firing, huh?”
“Okay okay. For you, I’ll try to try and remember.” She laughs demonically, before releasing the key, sending a shiver through Tova’s circuits.
The confines within the teardrop, close in on him. Bordering on the terrifying realms of claustrophobia! He works hard to banish thoughts that something might happen, preventing his extraction. The unavoidable thought of being trapped, begins to gnaw on his circuits!
Without external assistance, he’ll be trapped until death. He pushes the ridiculous thoughts away.... thinking instead, of the freedom that’s soon to come!  Blue skies, fresh air!
“Hey Zoey, how’s Ada treating you over here? Is she tucking you in snuggly?” Akiva asks with a wink to her assistant as she float to the other torpedo.
“Oh, she’s treating me like a queen!” Zoey responds gleefully, adding. “I feel bad though. I mean, leaving the ship before you and all. But we’ll see each other again real soon.”
“You better believe it!” Ada, cuts in. “I still need to get even with you, from that last poker game. You won all my spare parts! So, don’t go and get all burned-up on the way down!”
“Or eaten by a Toothy, after landing!” Akiva jokes; “Watch your six. Do you have your ray-gun?” She asks the stupidest of questions, realizing that sometimes the dumbest ones, are often the ones that save a life.
“I do! .... thank you!” Zoey exclaims. She sure wasn’t going to die from lack of shooting back or defending against the brutes that lurk below.
“Okay then.” Akiva responds while tugging on Zoey’s parachute harness. “Now you look good enough to get buried!” She jokes as the lid closes and locks.
The torpedo moves along a guidance-rail towards the launch tube, as might a coffin, going into a crematory furnace! “Have a safe drop and don’t let Tova goof-off too much down there.” She transmits.
“I’ll keep him on a short leash as always!” Zoey jokes, adding. “I’ve got green lights. I’m good to go. Thanks again!”
The pod has no windows. Only video of the outside world, which is displayed on a panoramic monitor in front of her face. As the torpedo enters the launch tube, even that reassuring glimmer of hope goes dark. She feels the terror and loneliness of such confines, wondering if she’ll ever get out! The thought of being trapped, weighs heavily.
Concentrating on her data-display, she gathers strength. Enclosed spaces are scarier than most things for the lovely android. The spacecraft jerks to a stop and the launch tube closes, locking her in. She waits with nervous electrons for the show to begin!
“Copy that, Zoey. Good luck.” Akiva transmits hauntingly.
Now, both barrels are locked and loaded; ready to shoot their precious cargo through hell’s fire and into the gravity-well below.
“Akiva to Commander Clara; do you copy?”
“Go ahead, Akiva.”
“We’re locked and loaded, commander. Just give the word.”
“Thanks, Akiva.” Clara is happy. The mission is proceeding nicely. “Astrogation has completed calculations, so fire away at your leisure. I’ll inform the Payne and Faraday to expect visitors soon.” Clara says, adding. “Zoey.... Tova.... if your monitoring.... good luck! Say hi to everyone for us when you land!”
Both space-divers acknowledge. All is set! The long wait is over! Akiva floats at her control console, ready to initiate the launches. “Okay you lugnuts.... are you ready?” She calls, receiving colorful responses from each. “Good luck down there!” Reaching, she arms the launch system which automatically opens the outer hatches of the tubes.
Puffy clouds of accumulated space-dust shoots into the void, as the spiraling hatches glide open with just a hint of complaint. Sunlight floods the claustrophobic launch tubes, brightening the monitors and bringing relief to tortured psyches.
“The express elevator through hell’s fire is about to start!” Akiva notifies of imminent launch. “Here goes something! .... Five.... Four.... Three....
“Here we go Zoey! I love you!” Tova, transmits ecstatically.
“I love you tooooooooo!” .... Acceleration hits them hard! The cosmic torpedoes are electromagnetically shot into the frictionless void! Titania Alpha, is quickly in their faces, coming on fast! Now, nothing in the universe can prevent either a collision with the planet, or a safe landing, hoped for by the speeding androids.
“Weeeeeeeeeeeeee!” Zoey shrieks. Tasting the freedom that blossoms!
“YeeeeeHaaaaaaaaaa!” Tova rips. Hoping the worst is behind!
From an altitude of 500-miles, they streak toward their destiny at 4,000-mph! Tiny islands of life-support, in an ocean of deadliness! Each astronaut remains focused on critical data flowing from their multipurpose monitor. A large portion of which, shows an incredible view of the oncoming planet!
The graciously-sized monitor removes all feelings of claustrophobia. It seems as if they fly with no spacecraft at all, as the view eats their faces! To the androids, it’s a dream come true! Many, long millennia have been spent dreaming of such a thing!
With atmosphere coming on fast, it’s going to get really hot, real soon! The astronauts reside within a cocoon of advanced thermal protection. Micro-pumps work hard, circulating cryogenic fluid through the actively-cooled heat-shield.
The torpedoes have only one job to perform during their lifetime. They must do it right the first time, and don’t miss.... There are no second chances!
Side by side, yet not that close, the torpedoes streak into the gravitational abyss.... Below, land features come into sharper focus. The targeted area looks as if a giant claw had racked the land long ago, as a series of thin valleys emerge.
If the space-divers didn’t know better, they’d think they had only a minute to live! Even so, they aren’t out of the woods yet, so to speak.
Vibrations! .... Vibrations and heat! .... These are two of Mother Nature’s heavyweight-contenders during high-velocity atmospheric entry. Frictionless space quickly ends for the dynamic duo, as long ghostly tendrils of ionized plasma, trails the speeding torpedoes!
Into an ever-thickening soup of alien gas-molecules, they rip! Heat, builds astronomically, as the little earthling torpedoes rip Titania Alpha new corn shoots! Velocity decreases, pushing the androids heavily into support harnesses. Vibrations build! No matter how sexily-shaped the craft, they build frightfully!
Outside, the nosecones glow red, then white-hot as the soup thickens!
Bumps! A bump for each torpedo as Grim Reaper and dark accomplice, latch on for a devilish ride! Laughingly, with long gossamer hair on fire, and scythe swinging, they seek ingress! They drool for a good clawing at wires under the hood!
Inside, Zoey and Tova keep eyes glued shut, as the monitor is consumed with visions of hell’s revenge! Each offer silent prayer to almighty aethismo, as this critical phase plays out!
Velocity decreases rapidly.... now only 2,000-mph! Ionization-induced radio-blackout, puts each astronaut into a deeper level of isolation.  The flaming-briquettes maintain course and life-support, no matter what external forces ride against them.
Active-cooling systems perform admirably, as temperatures just a few feet away, rise to 3800°F. Soon though, they break through to the cooler side of life and radio blackout ends. “Hey Zoey! Are you still with me?” His words are strained; heavy deceleration has a grip on his every atom.
“I’m still here, you big ape!” She responds teasingly. “Did you clunk your head, like during training?” She asks, mercilessly.
“Very funny, hot shot! Last one on the planet, carries the gear.”
“Oh no! I’m not falling for that one!” She exclaims jokingly. “Let’s just get there in one piece! Okay?”
“Yes mom!” Tova, risks injury after a successful entry....
An electronic adrenalin-rush grows strong! The taste of freedom becomes palatable! With an airspeed still within the hypersonic range, the scorched pods, torture the atmosphere as they pass. Twin sonic booms, rain down on the planet, scaring animal’s half out of their wits!
Into the ever-thickening soup they streak, slowing all the way. Heavy deceleration! .... Alarms within the pods, scream of impending action! The androids brace for the shock of violent ejection; parting ways with the safety they’ve enjoyed thus far. Like ripe pea’s in a pod, they’ll soon be disgorged, to fend for themselves.
Altitude.... just under 15,000-feet. Velocity.... within limits, at 210-mph. Everything happening so fast! Even the quick reflexes of an android are unable to fathom the events that occur, as explosive bolts detonate deep within the pods structure. Milliseconds later, the pod splits in half from tip to tail!
A great blast of alien air, hits both space divers! Rattling them to their very cores! The slipstream takes each half of their respective pods to the wayside. With their jobs completed, they’ll mercilessly fall to the jungle below, taking Grim and Reaper along for the ride!
“Weeeeeeeeeeeee!” Zoey exclaims, manically! With head down, arms at her side, she shoots like a bullet towards the planet below!
“YeeeeeHaaaaaaaa!” Tova blurts out crazily! Eyes wildly taking in the vista.
The heavy androids, race like darts toward the targeted valley. Now, they get a better picture of the landing-zone, 2-miles ahead. They go spread-eagle.... slowing dramatically as loose fabric-panels stiffen, offering purchase for Bernoulli’s awesome lift!
They’re skin-tight spacesuits, have now become gliding airfoils, with a glide-ratio of nearly 3 to 1. Not bad, for a heavy android!
Slight movements of arms and/or legs change the flight path of the world’s smallest gliders. Now, Bernoulli gets a firm grip on the speeding airfoils, offering wonderful lift, where once there was little.
Through Titania Alpha’s thick atmosphere they glide, traveling ever closer to their destination. The taste of freedom is so sweet! It chases way any cosmic cobwebs from their psyche’s....
“You still okay?” Tova, inquires concernedly.
“Still here!” Zoey exclaims. “Wow! What a ride! .... YeeeeeHaaaaaaaaaaa!”
“It’s not over yet, my dear! .... Check your altitude.... We’re a little high.”
Zoey, checks the heads-up-display on her face visor, noticing the discrepancy. “I see your point. I’m dropping to 1200-feet. Please be a dear and come with, .... but not too close!” She jokes, as she folds her wings, diving like a raptor with a death wish.
“Copy that! .... Lookout below!” He warns, tucking his limbs, monkeying her move. Bernoulli is rudely interrupted. Robbed of his duty until evoked again, he quickly disappears back into cosmos’s factory where he always feels more at home anyway.
The heavy androids drop like tiny rods from god! Titania Alpha’s gravity bites deeply!
It doesn’t take long to drop the necessary altitude. With great effort, she opens her arms and legs, instantly conjuring Bernoulli to reengage with a mighty jolt! He’s always ready for work.... never complaining, as he happily performs his only mission in the universe.
“I’m on your 8; Zoey!” Tova announces. “I must say, you sure looked graceful when you made that maneuver. Might have brought a tear to me eye, if only I could.” He jokes.
“Why, thanks Tova. I didn’t know you were so romantic.” She responds devilishly.
Below, they approach the Faraday and Payne. Even though they’d been cleverly camouflaged, it’s still possible to discern the circular outline of the one-time flying saucers.
Children can be seen scurrying like squirrels and pointing at the sky screamingly as the diver’s approach as growing dots.
Zoey leads, approaching the landing zone fast. Just beyond, lies the Faraday. “Okay Tova, I’m pulling!” She grips a handle at her shoulder, pulling hard. With an audible pop, her nylon shoot releases from its storage compartment!
Impossibly fast, it jerks open, grabbing the thick air of an alien world! Her body is smashed into the harness, instantly slowing her from 120-mph to about 5. Feet dangle, as she hangs suspended from her harness.
Swinging back and forth like a ragdoll played with too hard, she revels at the magical view! She hasn’t seen so much green and blue in 175,000-years! If the term sight for sore eyes hadn’t yet been coined, it surely could have been during those precious moments in time!
Looking back, she sees Tova approaching fast and pulling his ripcord. His chute snaps open with a tremendous clap! .... She feels his pain! .... It’s a good pain! Experiencing a successful chute deployment is experiencing Bernoulli at his most violent, and at the same time, his most wondrously lifesaving gift.... LIFT!!
Below, a crowd of young humans and tall androids yell and clap as they notice a successful opening of chutes above. They’ve been anticipating this day for many years, and now it’s here! The thrill of the moment grips them hard. The valley echoes with a clamorous excitement!
Zoey and Tova, float above the clamor wavingly. They reach for the steering controls above their heads. While pulling on the right and left control lines, they guide their chariots toward ground zero.
While steering in this fashion, they circle above the excited masses. For the moment, they’re the two most popular celebrities on the planet, and that fact isn’t lost on their ego’s, as they bathe in the fleeting glory.
“Hey Zoey, I think they love us!” Tova, yells to his partner with a hearty laugh. After so many millennia cooped up, his circuits are floating on cloud nine!
“They sure seem like friendly natives!” She responds laughingly. Yelling down to the people, she can’t curb her enthusiasm.
“Hello down there!” .... “Is this Titania Alpha?”
“Hello up there!” A voice from the crowd, bellows back. “No! ...... Titania Alpha is three planets over!” .... The crowd goes wild!!
As they circle the landing zone, they get a nice view of the beautiful valley. There’s a tall fence of electrified wire, to keep the Toothy’s out, and large areas of cultivated fields. Much of the valley beyond the saucers, is now becoming overgrown with vegetation. It’s difficult to discern the old path of destruction from when the planet was appropriated.
As the space-divers get to within 20-feet of the planet, they pull hard on their steering lines, slowing the descent for a tip-toe landing on another world.
With his job done, Bernoulli flies off with the wind. Little thanks, is ever given this awesome phenomenon of Mother Nature. Too much thanks, can’t be given! Throughout the multiverse, his lifting ways are rarer than hugs at a hate parade. Even a genie in a bottle, can’t come and go without Bernoulli’s permission and assistance! Three cheers for the awesome Bernoulli!!
Quickly, the new kids on the block are surrounded by a welcoming crowd of fellow machines, and young humans. Life has never been so rewarding for Zoey and Tova. The euphoric payoff dreamt about for so long, has finally blossomed, as a good flower seed should, when dropped onto fertile soil.
They’ll never forget the warm welcome they received from the exited crowd of space pioneers who greeted them like the family they already were!
“Hello Zoey! .... Hello Tova! .... Welcome, to Titania Alpha!” Carla, of the Payne habitat, greets as she helps with the chute harnesses. A gaggle of yelling and laughing children, grab at the billowing fabric as it tries to come back to life on a windy afternoon.
“Greetings, Titania Alpha life-form!” Zoey returns jokingly. “Take us to your leader!” She laughs, shaking hands with Carla, Bryce, and others who had come out that fine morning to welcome them into the community.
It’s an exciting time for all. There’ll be many stories to share. Some about good old Earth, and some about life on a new world, so far from home!
Hiking an alien land
Back on Oberon prime.... “We’re not far from the ledges now, Nyla! It’s just past that rise!” Braxton informs pointingly, as he and Magnus lead the gang through a thinning forest. They’re journeying to visit their furry friends at the Zenarawan village in a neighboring valley.
The slope they ascend, leads directly to an unavoidable geological feature before the next valley begins. It’s a 95-foot, near-vertical decent that must be navigated. The day grows warm as the star above, radiates the early-morning region.
“Don’t get too far ahead, boys!” Nyla warns as she and others are left in the dust. “Wait for us, before you descend!” Braxton and the other head-banders are not yet fully back on her trustworthiness list. Not after what they pulled!
Both she and Wil are still upset with the gang of biologics, even though they could not have used the device, if it hadn’t been available for them to appropriate. Still....
Constant anxiety about adverse effects on their young minds, is a daily hard-fought battle. Even though outwardly, they seem normal, mother android still worries her circuits greatly!
“Okay Nyla!” Comes a dusty promise from ahead.
“Jeez! Won’t you guys at least try to keep up?” Magnus yells back, pushing her buttons. “We’ll never get there at this rate!”
So, with increased gate, the alpha males quickly violate her first directive. Yet, they’re not stupid, and know they’ll be in a world of hurt if they violate her second one!
It’s been a month to the day, since the group of young humans had been discovered using the headband inside their cavernous hidey-hole fortress.
The tests performed on their brains by Omari and Talia, showed many areas of enhanced activity through all sections of the Cerebrum. Even the cerebral cortex, hinted of modification beyond what might be normal, when compared to the baseline, provided by a brave Harper Williams.
Compared to that baseline, the headband-eleven’s cranial activity goes off the known charts! But without greater technology, only the most basic of understandings can be had. Like viewing the universe through a clouded lens or trying to understand a scientific theory without knowing the proper mathematics.
The data obtained as result of the examinations, did not show definitive abnormalities that might be indications of damage. All tests concerning motor & sensory skills, hearing, speech, vision, coordination, and mental status, were found to be within limits set forth by human medical standards.
For all intents and purposes, the headband had not damaged their young brains in a quantitative way. They’ll still require follow-up exams, to see if conditions change over time. For the time being, they can simply be kids, and act accordingly. Run, play, laugh, learn, get into trouble.... Everything one would expect from a young, healthy human being!
“Come on, Nyla! .... Oh, please hurry, Wil!” Cooper pleads, even though the two androids are moving along at just the right pace. She chafes at the thought of Braxton and Magnus hogging all the glory, running on ahead as if they were kings of the world!
“Those boys are already there waiting for us!” Toby predicts excitedly.
“I’m sure they’re climbing down this very moment!” Kara teases a thought of destruction into mom’s circuits, but the seasoned computer doesn’t take the bait.
Grabbing hands, Toby leads Cooper and Kara on a run to catch up with the alpha males.
“Wait for us!” Jax and Adam, break loose from the group next, racing after the two girls.
“You kids wait for us when you get to the ledges!” Wil, yells through a haze of dust as Amy, Max, Shirley and Tina join the great escape, leaving poor Nyla and Wil feeling old. Only Harper and Ling, stay with the adults, trying hard to maintain control over their own desire to raise hell!
“Oh, what the hell!” Wil blurts out with a mighty laugh! “Last one there is a monkey’s uncle!” He challenges his better half. Taking Harper and Ling’s hands, he races ahead. Nyla launches into a sprint, quickly catching up. Wil’s speed is hampered by his slower teammates, who laugh and yell as they keep pace with the tall android.
Soon, Cooper, Toby and Kara arrive at the ledges. Braxton and Magnus leaning lazily against a rock outcropping on the edge of the precipice, as if they had been there forever, without a care in the world!
“Jeez, what took you guys so long?” Braxton teases. “My jumpsuit’s going out of style here!” He teases the exhausted girls.
“Jeez, breathe much?” Magnus jokes dangerously. “By all the stars and moons, Coop! At the rate you’re sucking in those bugs, they’re gonna go extinct!”
“I’ll extinct you, meathead!” Reaching, she snatches the weed-stem he’d been chewing. With artful dodging, she keeps the weed from being retrieved. She teases! She taunts! She holds the delicate ego-booster hostage! After a heated fashion, they end up on the ground, twisted in combat, the poor weed-stem smashed to smithereens!
In a cloud of raw expletives, Cooper pulls a fancy move that ends with Magnus in the mother of all chokeholds! While wondering whether or not to let him live, a powerful force lifts her by the nap of her jumpsuit off the ground, causing a release of poor Magnus who gasps for breath like a new-born baby!
“That’ll be just about enough of that, Miss Beaufort!” Mother Nyzilla exclaims, holding the kicking and still pissed-off young lady off the ground.
“Awe jeez! He gives me ten-times that in karate class!” The young girl artfully lies as she seems to run in place.
“Oh my god!” Jax, can’t help himself. “Look at poor old Coop! She’s running like crazy and getting nowhere! Hardee har har!!” He teases mercilessly with a squiggly face while backing away from Cooper landing spot.
“Jax, I swear I’m going rip your arm off and beat you with it!” She screams maniacally as mom once again yanks the murderous young woman off the ground.
“I can keep you in this holding-pattern for a very long time, my dear. Won’t you please give mom a break, and be nice for a change?” Nyzilla pleads.
Just before release and another attempted murder can take place, Wil and his teammates pull up to the party, changing the mood. “Now, which one of you three is the monkey’s uncle?” Nyla inquires humorously, letting her little angel-demon off the hook yet again.
“That would be me.” Wil answers laughingly, as he squats bowlegged, tickling his armpits and dancing like a fool. “Ooooh Ooooh Ooooh, Aaaah Aaaah Aaaah!” He prances and dances juvenilely, leaving Braxton and Magnus wondering if their father hadn’t melted a few circuits! .... “Ooooh Ooooh Ooooh, Aaaah Aaaah Aaaah!”
He may have lost the race but wins the laughter with his silly hijinks!
“Nyla, what’s an uncle?” Ling inquires innocently, even though she thought she understood the theory. She’s part of the first group of 50-humans animated to life on Oberon Prime. Brought into the world artificially, she has no living relatives, beyond her stepsiblings. Even among themselves, they are not linked genetically.
Each is derived from their namesake, while the other half of the DNA comes from selected strangers. The traditional hierarchy and definition of family had not yet been taught to the children, but they grow curious.
Old enough now, they wonder why mommy and daddy are robots. Nyla often wonders about the similarity between her own artificial creation, and that of these young humans. She feels closer to them than any other humans in the past, just because of that.
Nyla gives her a hug, gazing into the young girls pretty dark eyes. “Well my dear. An uncle is....” She’s interrupted by a call from the path they had just traveled.
“Helloooo! .... Helloooo!” The repeated calls can be from none other than Nyla’s perfect definition of an aunt and uncle; albeit mechanical ones. Within moments, Omari and Talia break over the crest of the hill.
“Well, my dear,” Nyla explains, “an uncle is family, that loves you from afar. Like Omari here. He could be considered your uncle, but he’s not a monkey’s uncle! That distinction goes to Wil!” She says gigglingly, receiving a fake-hurt look from Wil. “And Talia is your aunt. You’ll learn more about all that stuff later, sweetheart.”
“Hello everyone.” Omari greets. “We have a break in our work and are wondering if you wouldn’t mind if we tagged along. We’ve never met the Zenarawan’s outside of that one time.” He mentions a time many-years prior, shortly after they landed on the planet. Before humans.
“Hi Omari! .... Hi Talia!” Wil greets. “You’re more than welcome. Time away from the lab, will do you good.” He offers, even though the tag-along was pre-planned, so Omari and Talia could observe the youngster’s behavior.
The headband-eleven hadn’t shown any outward signs of distress or other neurological anomalies, but it was still a good idea to monitor them for a while. Hopefully, they won’t suspect the subterfuge. Besides, it never hurts to have physicians along, when hiking the wilds of an alien world!
“How far down is the bottom?” Talia inquires, glancing over the edge.
“According to Braxton, nearly a hundred-feet.” Nyla responds.
“Well, it’s been a while since I’ve climbed a rope, but I think I remember how.” Talia says as the group takes turns descending into the next valley.
The morning grows into afternoon. Rest and food are on the minds of all. As the android’s rest, the humans create a lunch to be proud of!
Nyla plops down between Braxton and Magnus. “Thanks boys, for making sure the area is safe for us notice travelers.” She jokes of their constant need to race ahead. Pulling them close for an affectionate hug, she feels her heated circuits cool a few degrees.
“Awe.... No need to thank us, Nyla. We’re only too pleased to contribute our services for the cause.... Right guys?” He responds, seeking support from his companions.
“That’s right, Nyla.” Jax contributes. “We couldn’t have you guys walking into danger. Why, you never know what you’ll find in these haunted woods.” He informs spookily. He’s always been the most superstitious of the dirty-dozen and loves conjuring stories of the spirits and hobgoblins that haunt the area.
“Oh, don’t you listen to him, Nyla!” Magnus speaks up, tossing another pebble into the stream. “Why, a person has to have a good imagination to see the spirits that rattle around in that empty skull of his.” He jokes, putting Jax in a headlock for a good knuckle-rub.
“Hey, knock it off Maggot!” Jax, reacts angrily. “Didn’t you learn anything from the trouncing Coop gave you? Keep it up, and I’ll call-forth a demon that’ll put you in a headlock! How would you like them apples?” He threatens with a demonic laugh while punching a shot into Magnus’s arm. Something he would never do, without mom nearby.
“Oh, jeez Jax! .... Cool yer jets! .... I’m just messing with you, is all.” Magnus relents, rubbing the impact site. “Hey, maybe you could conjure up a good story for the campfire tonight! What do ya say bro?” He inquires sincerely, trying to make things right again.
Jax, grooms his thick hair back into place. “We’ll see, Magnus.... we’ll just see....” He responds with evil squinted eyes. The kind that make you wonder....
“Okay, okay you two.... knock it off!” Wil orders from a few feet away. “Break-time’s over. We want to be close to the Zenarawan village before we set up camp.”
Braxton, Magnus, and Jax, lead the way. Creatures big and small, scurry, fly or slither, out of the way as their territory is rudely violated. Screeches of protest are many! Any visible trail disappears, as the kids rarely travel so far from home. It had been two-years since they last made the journey.
From here on, compasses are wise, and sureness of foot, mandatory. The far side of the valley slopes upward at a comfortable angle. At one time in the remote past, there was a rocky-ridgeline, similar to the one they had just conquered. Over the years, heavy weathering had worn down the rock, creating a nice incline that heated the leg muscles really good!
The crest of the valley offers relief from the unrelenting incline. Now, the going is more enjoyable, as the topography, slopes downward into the next valley. The pace of the group quickens. The kids get a second wind with the growing anticipation of visiting their Zenarawan friends the next morning.
There are only two more valleys to conquer before nightfall, so all keep a focus on making progress to that end. They’ve grown weary of horseplay, staying close by and quiet. Predatory animals, such as big gnarly cats, have been known to prowl the area. They’re not yet old enough to be trusted with a firearm, so they stay close to those who do wield the terrible power.
“How are you doing, old girl?” Wil inquires of his better half.
For his wayward effort at romantic inquiry, he receives a feigned look of incredulousness. “I’ll old girl you!” She retorts. “Why, if I wasn’t trying to conserve energy, I would show you the folly of those words!” She laughs infectiously, leaning and kissing him on the cheek as they keep pace with the young humans.
Jax’s pandemonium of terrors!
Upon traveling across several more valley’s and a flat expanse of forest, Huon, the sun of Oberon Prime sinks lower in the sky. Soon, darkness will descend upon the weary travelers, forcing a halt to the long-days march.
The campsite is a location that had served them well during previous visits to their neighbors. Comfortable always, and safe for the most part, but in the wilds of an alien world, many scary things can and do go bump in the night.
Nyla and Wil set up camp with the assistance of the kids, who are well-versed in how the large tents go up. Cooper, Toby and Kara form a team, challenging the boys to see who can finish their tent first.
Omari and Talia busy themselves with gathering firewood with Max, Shirley, Ling and Harper. Soon, the group can truly relax. Hot food and drinks are enjoyed by the young humans, whilst the androids enjoy the peaceful surroundings. After second helpings, there’s no unsealed food left to attract unwanted guests.
The gang rests comfortably next to the fire, which is constantly poked and prodded. All the kids had nice hiking-sticks before the fire, but constant jabbing into the flames aged them quickly.
As dusk turns into darkness, the fire becomes more important than ever, to make their temporary home safe and secure. Nocturnal creatures begin to stir. Insects buzz the fire. Many, sail off into the darkness with wings aflame, wondering just how they’re going to explain this one to the wife when they get home! 
“Okay you pyromaniacs.... the fire is big enough.” Nyla warns laughingly.
Braxton pulls his once proud hiking-stick from the flames. A full quarter of which, is engulfed in fire.
“Mister Braxton Crane!” Mom again. “If you keep poking that stick in the fire, you’ll have only a tiny nub by the time you go to sleep!” She realizes her efforts are for naught. Trying to stop a human from poking a campfire is totally impossible, but at least they aren’t poking each other, she thinks.
“Oh, that’s okay Nyla.” Toby reacts to her mother’s concern. “We’ll find new ones in the morning.... Better ones!” She laughs, putting her stick back in the heat, sending sparks flying.
As they settle down, getting bored with maintaining the fire, Magnus remembers his request of Jax. “Hey Jax,” he calls across the wiggling flames, “won’t you tell us one of those ghost stories knocking around in that empty skull of yours?” He teases, as is his way.
Jax prickles at the dig but decides it might be enjoyable to unleash his imagination. “Well, I do have one you’ve never heard, mister numbskull.” He announces, noticing everyone is ready for a diversion.
With eyes closed and rubbing his temples, he conjures the cosmic spirits for a version of the tale that won’t cause stroke. His keen senses, add-in the spicy flavor of the sizzling/snapping campfire, that hypnotizes so splendidly!
Dredging a tale of total darkness and dread, he squintingly opens his zombie-like eyes, beginning with a mysterious tone....
“Razzi told me of an evil entity that roams these very woods during the cover of darkness! It’s an ancient hobgoblin, who moves so stealthily, a person can’t possibly hear it approach!”
“Oh sure, it sometimes makes a mistake; snapping a twig here, or rustling leaves there. But when you look, a coldness invades the very depths of your frozen soul as the spirit passes unseen!” Rolling his eyes zombie-white, he channels the spirit world.
Refocusing, he stares spookily at his enthralled listeners. “Sometimes that spirit .... Well, sometimes that spirit doesn’t just pass! Sometimes it doesn’t just go away! If it senses fear, it will persist! It will cling, as might a foul odor that lingers, not wishing to leave!”
Gazing intensely, he continues. “With the feeling of cold death dipping frozen fingers into your blood, you’ll shrink from the darkness, seeking the protection of a dwelling.... any dwelling!”
“If there’s none to be had, that coldness on a dark night will fill your heart with terror! It’ll reach into your very soul, harvesting your worst fears, using them against you! From the inside, the terror will drive you insane!”
“Once it has you in its grip, even the safety of your own bed, deep under the covers and hidden from all the universe, is not enough! The entity hungers for flesh and souls.... and yours is the closest!”
“Fear, invades so deeply, it grows closer than the very blood in your veins! Escape is impossible! With feet like cement, you’ll try to run, but cannot! .... You’ll try to scream, and only moths come from your mouth as time slows to a crawl!”
“Often, a disembodied growl assaults your senses during these terrible moments. You swear the demon has taken your soul, chewing it to pieces! It claws at your frozen heart, trying to make it burst from your chest!” He exclaims wildly.
“Long ago, the first Zenarawan’s to fall victim to the ghost, were brave hunters returning from a hunt. The evening grew late as they hurried along a steep ridgeline above a darkening forest. The mid-summer heat was sticky and oppressive.”
“Suddenly the ground rumbled! A cold blast of evil-breath, struck them in the face, sending chills to their very bones! The forest below, flashed and snapped angrily! Bright sheets of lightning rose from a single spot on the forest floor, expanding skyward and exploding at the treetops! Never had they seen lightning behave in such a way!”
“The hunters huddled against their fears! Shakily holding spears in defense! Still, fear strikes deeply! All bravado evaporates into the night! They watch the mysterious force, dance before their eyes! Like a demented phantom, it flows barkingly into the night sky!”
“Over and over, the forest snaps viciously at the sky! Each time, twisting their hearts dry of blood, as one might squeeze a grisly sponge! Unspeakable terror freezes their souls!”
“A stench of demonic decay, worse than hell’s dumpster, arrives from the shadows below. A monstrous cat is seen emerging angrily from its den. With slumber interrupted it circles, venting venomous protest at the unseen enemy who dares!”
“More energy strikes the forest! The cat claws at the sky with each sizzle and snap! It crouches, calculating its attack!”
“Then, into the lightning it springs! Claws and fangs tearing, seeking a snack, but the mysterious disturbance doesn’t fall victim to such foolish rage! Rather, the great cat is the one who falls to the power of the electrical phantom!”
“Before the attack, the mighty cat was a majestic 400-pound animal of brown coat, blending perfectly with its environment. After the leap through the spirits lair, it came out the other side, a wraith-like-shadow of its former glory!”
“As its front paws touch once again onto the forest floor, the now pure-white cat, shimmers and disappears into thin air! All that landed after passing through the veil of fire, was a pile of bleached bones! Without a whimper, the great cat was gone!”
“Yet, it wasn’t truly gone! .... Only changed!”
“Now it’s a corporeal beast, that will forever hunt the evil tormentor that took it unwillingly into the spirit world!”
“The lightning dissipates. The forest goes dark and quiet once again. Shock holds a tight grip on the hunters, as they wonder if it was all just a dream, or too much fermented drink! They shakily continue along the ridge, hoping the gods will protect.”
“They didn’t get far!”
“Suddenly, a hunter at the back of the line, let’s rip a blood-curdling scream! Looking back, they see he’s fallen dead! White as a ghost his fur is! Great claws have opened his face and throat, but no assailant is to be seen!”
“A vicious growl, but there is no animal! Another horrible scream! Another deep clawing that spills hot guts onto the path right there in front of them!”
“Again, no attacker is visible! Terrified into white fur, they watch bloody paw-prints crossing the rocky path to harvest their souls! They try to run but cannot! They try to scream but only moths’ flitter into the night from mouths agape!”
“Some fall from the ridge, landing in the forest below, never to be seen again. Others flee along the ridgeline.... All fall victim to the blood-lust, with one exception.”
“One torn hunter makes it back to his village late the next morning. He ran through the forest all night, falling exhaustedly at the shaman’s tiny hut. His cloths are torn asunder, and he sports ugly deep wounds running the length of his back!”
“The Shaman didn’t recognize his good friend! Brown fur had turned the purist of white, and he’d lost 15-pounds during the fright!”
“After becoming conscious once again, the frazzled white-furred hunter, tells an unbelievable tale. A tale of putrid cold winds in a dark steamy forest! A tale of lightning from the ground! Explosions in the sky, and an invisible cat with murderous claws!”
“Clan members hang on every word of the fur-raising tale. None will ever hunt that area of forest again! By the time white-fur had finished, he himself was wondering if it wasn’t just some fermented dilution.... Except, the claw marks on his back, hurt! .... really bad!”
Just as Jax is about to say, ‘the end’, a cold breeze blows through the warm camp! Goosebumps rise tall on his wide-eyed siblings, as sparks fly from the fire pit! Toby lets loose with a scream to be proud of! Everyone jumps, including the androids who’d been listening intently to every word. All the kids turn white-as-ghosts!
Looking from one to the other, Jax knows they’ll be having some good dreams tonight!
Magnus picks his jaw up off the ground. “Jeez Jax! .... I’m not gonna get any sleep tonight! Thanks buddy!” He exclaims exasperatingly, suddenly sorry he had teased Jax earlier about his superstitions.
Color slowly returns to the faces. The story leaves them rattled.... just like a good campfire-story should!
Nyla and the other androids are moved by the story, but not for the reasons one might imagine. They look at each other, all thinking similar thoughts.
“Jax, that was a wonderful, and might I add.... very disturbing story.” Nyla gives praise, where praise is due. “I have a question, if you don’t mind.”
“Oh, I don’t mind but make it quick, before the cat gets here!” He jokes nervously, receiving a punch on his arm from Harper, who’s still quite spooked.
“Well, you said that you heard this story from Razzi during the birthday party?”
“Yeah, that’s the truth. I swear!”
“Well, the fact that you and Razzi don’t speak the same language is not lost on us. So, just how is it that you were able to communicate with him so effectively?” Mom asks suspiciously.
Jax is stunned that he didn’t think of that little fact before relating his story. Now, the cat’s out of the bag; tearing at his soul! He’s been put on the spot. His world closes in, he ponders a way out of the mess!
Looking into Nyla’s inquisitive glare, his heart melts. She has a way of bringing out the truth, without any real effort. “Well, I....” He stammers. Hesitating, the boy searches for the right words. “Well.... Well jeez Nyla, it’s like this....” Another pause as he looks to his siblings for support, before divulging a state secret.
“Oh, go ahead Jax!” Magnus calls out, as Amy clings to his arm, still frightened by the story. “We couldn’t keep it a secret forever.” He adds forlornly.
“Yeah Jax.” This from Braxton, who jokingly adds. “The cat’s out of the bag now, so go ahead and spill the beans.” He says of the secret.
“Okay, okay.” Jax, gives in, sitting a little straighter. “The last few times we visited with the Zenarawan’s, Razzi and Surri started getting into our heads with thoughts. At first it was confusing and horrible. We thought we might be going out of our minds. The thoughts were fuzzy, out of focus. But after a while, things cleared up, and we could understand them fine.”
The androids are shocked! Even though suspicion was strong, actually hearing the words brings a chill to their circuits!
Jax, continues before interruption. “At first, the thoughts were just simple things, like ‘come here’.... or, ‘throw the ball to me’. The next visit brought more understanding, even though we couldn’t speak it. We tried, but it just came out terribly awful, and they would cover their ears in pain. So, we just stayed with the thought games, and before we knew it, we could understand everything they thought at us. And they understood us too!”
Omari, inquires. “Do you think the headband caused you to be receptive to Razzi and Surri’s esp?”
“Naw, we hadn’t used the headband when it all started. Even Harp and Ling can hear the thoughts that Razzi and the others think at them, and they never used the headband at all!”
Talia joins in. “What does it feel like when you communicate in such a fashion?”
“Well.... at first it felt funny.... prickly, like when a lightning storm makes my hair stand on end. After a while, that changed and went away. The more we thought at each other, the more things smoothed out. It became second nature.... right guys?”
“Yeah, that’s exactly the way it felt.” Amy interjects. “Kind of prickly at first.”
“I couldn’t have described it better myself.” Braxton announces.
“Like a mild electric-buzzing in my mind, is how it started for me.” Cooper adds.
Another cool breeze flows into camp, rustling the fire. Toby gets another round of goosebumps and shivers. “Yup, that’s it exactly. The first few times was kind of scary. After a while, it was okay though, and even fun.” She admits, vigorously rubbing her arms for whatever frictional heat she can muster.
“Well, I have to say,” Omari responds. “this is the most astounding thing I’ve ever heard in my life! Why, this might explain the heightened activity in the right hemispheres of your brains! I mean, the activity was off the charts!” He exclaims to the horror of the others, before explaining further.
“That part of the brain is well known for storing nonverbal information. It’s the part known as the ‘intuitive hemisphere’. Harper’s brain-scan even showed heightened activity in that region, and that threw me, because he didn’t use the headband. I didn’t test Ling, but I’m sure the results would have been similar.”
Concern, floods Ling’s face. She didn’t like things messing with her brain. That’s why she hadn’t used the headband. Well, that plus she wanted Harper to like her more. Showing support for his decision to not use it, was a good place to start!
Omari, notices words have frightened the child. “Oh, my dear. Don’t worry about a thing.” Reaching, he takes her hand. “If your brain is accepting the Zenarawan’s mental outreach, it can only mean that it’s a natural phenomenon that the human mind is capable of learning.” His explanation seems to calm, but just for insurance, the young girl clings to Harper for strength.
Looking at Wil and the others, Nyla addresses another thought. “It seems also, that the electrical discharges Jax spoke of, seem unnatural for a primitive mind to conjure.”
Looking to Jax, she adds. “I’m of course, talking about the primitive mind of the surviving hunter.... How is it, that a stone-age animal can describe a scene that just doesn’t happen in nature? Sure, lightning travels from ground to cloud, and vise-versa, but this event seemed completely different. Furthermore, there was no mention of a storm even being in the area. And who would think of a cold wind, as having bad breath? Somehow, I think there’s more here than meets the eye.”
Wil brings her close, giving a reassuring hug. “Oh Nyla, your putting way too much thought into a child’s fanciful story. Why, it’s entirely possible that Jax didn’t even get the story straight. After all, they don’t have much practice at esp.” He looks to Jax, asking. “Right Jax? It’s possible that you embellished the story just a little bit?”
“Oh no! I told it just like Razzi said!” Jax, qualifies his little ghost story, adding a pathway for variation. “Although, Razzi did say that it came from deep-time in the history of his people. So, it probably did get more colorful over time, but I didn’t add anything, I swear!”
“Well, it was a fine story, Jax.” Nyla admits. “It gave me something to think about. Let’s just hope it doesn’t keep any of your brothers and sisters awake all night.”
Wil stands, dousing the fire. “Okay everyone, it’s been a long day. I believe we’ll all survive until morning.”
With that, the boys go their tent and the girls to their own. Anticipation of the next day’s events soon morphs into dream states for the young humans.
The wind picks up, moving through the camp hauntingly, shaking the tree’s and tents spookily.... bringing restless sleep to some, and soothing dreams to others.
Rise and shine, little monsters!
“Hey! Get your foot outa my face!” Harper, yells through a hazy mind, rudely awakened. The tent is not exactly spacious, especially with six sleepers, all vying for real estate.
It was only inevitable that there would be territorial disputes, and with someone’s smelly foot still stuck in his face, he takes the matter into his own hands. Grabbing the foot, he bends mister big toe against the grain until he hears a scream from the owner!
“Aaaaaaaa!” Max exclaims wildly. “Help! The cat’s got me! The cat’s got me!” He was so deeply into a wonderful nightmare; he didn’t hear the request.
“Jeez Max! I didn’t order breakfast in bed!” Harper exasperates. “If I had, it wouldn’t be a toe-jam sandwich!”
Others wake at such a ruckus as Harper adds. “By the way Max, did you know it’s okay to change your socks more often than once a year?” He teases as the tent flap opens, and Wil announces a new day.
“Rise and shine, little monsters!” He yells, as he and Omari had already been moving around the camp gathering wood for the breakfast fire. The time is very early, the forest still dark as the boys are brought back to consciousness for the day ahead.
They shuffle out of the tent, like zombies on the prowl. Some rubbing their eyes in effort to bring focus into their lives, while others stretch cramped limbs. They stumble toward the nearby stream for the call of nature, and a cold splash in the face.
Nyla and Talia rouse the girls from their slumber. “Rise and shine, ladies!” Talia, yells gently into the tent-flap, as Nyla shakes the structure until screams from within break the quietness of the forest! “Time’s a wasting, girls!” She exclaims.
She and Talia had stayed outside all night with lasers at the ready. Not requiring sleep as a human does, allows an android to be more productive, on average. And Oberon Prime, like many m-class planets, have dangerous nocturnal animals that are not shy when their territory is invaded. Vigilance is golden!
At 06:00, and with a long trek ahead, the androids are anxious to get the show on the road. The morning is cool and dry, the stream ice-cold and wet. Cooper and the girls elbow their way through a gaggle of boy’s who’re busily splashing each other.
Nobody is getting any meaningful washing done. “Coming through!” Cooper announces, plowing past Max, Adam and Harper who were already done at the stream. “Hey Adam, you missed a spot.” She teases in passing. “Oh, sorry.... that’s just how your face looks in the morning. Can’t wash that off!”
“Oh funny, Coop! It’s contagious, so don’t go looking in any mirrors.” The insulted boy retorts, getting a poke in his ribs from Toby as she passes.
At the stream, Braxton, Magnus and Jax quickly yield to the mob of girls. Tina, who is last among them, plops down on the bank with her sisters.
“Good morning, ladies.” Braxton announces in a gentlemanly fashion, as he and his cohorts ready to leave.
“Good morning boys.... jeez, you guys look like something the ghost-cat dragged in!” Cooper teases, getting some agreement from the other girls.
“Oh, don’t listen to her.” Amy advises, giving Magnus a wink. “You look just fine.”
“Thanks Amy!” Magnus, calls over his shoulder, bravely adding. “Hey Coop! Your so mean, that poor old ghost-cat would have a heart attack if it invaded your dreams!”
Cooper turns to retaliate, but the boys are nowhere to be seen. Running for their lives, they enter the camp out of breath. It didn’t pay to tease Cooper and then stick around for a world of hurt! She and Toby could compete equally with the boys at any physical or mental competition. Each excelled in martial arts, which is taught to all from an early age.
The morning meal is just what the doctor ordered! Energy levels are topped-off, and the camp dismantled and carefully packed. The area is cleaned of any sign that they were ever there; except for a circular patch of carbon.
Tina and Amy gather leaves, twigs and other natural debris to cover even that last vestige of occupation. Soon the gang is on the move once again, frightening the forest creatures along the way!
The morning is bright and warm as they move steadily towards their destination. Everyone is in a cheerful mood. Soon, landmarks appear that indicate the village they seek is not too far away.
Signs of occupation are subtle, but evident to the trained eye. Small Zenarawan footprints here, bent branches there. Broken and discarded stone spear-points litter the area. Wildlife trails are wider here, due to their dual-duty of also being highways for the furry cat-like people.
“We’re almost there.” Nyla announces over her shoulder. She’s happy with the way her brood is behaving. “So, I’m asking you all to mind your manners while visiting our friends.”
Wil stops the column as he remembers what happened last time they visited. He directs his gaze firstly to Braxton, Magnus and Harper who are nearest. “Also, you boys be sure to remember that the shamans medicine-pole is not for climbing! Don’t even think about it! There spirit world is precious to them and must not be desecrated.” He warns sternly, continuing.
“And you girls!” Innocent, darling faces turn his way. “Please, please, please, remember that it’s not polite to wrestle with the Zenarawan’s. Even if they start it. You’re bigger than they are, for one thing. Last time Cooper hurt one really bad and got bit in the process. So, everyone please, please, please, behave. Okay?” He waits patiently for acknowledgment.
“Yes Wil. We’ll try to try.” Cooper answers smartassingly, getting the giggle from her sisters that she sought.
“Okay Wil. We’ll leave the shaman alone.” Braxton promises. It was he, who’d climbed and knocked over the pole, while trying to not get tagged by Razzi during a heated game of predator vs prey.
He toppled from the sacred pole, landing in a heap of other children. Shaman Torrox, went ballistic at the sacrilegious act! It took skillful diplomacy, and a handful of gold disks, to calm the old medicine-man’s nerves.
Onward they march. Soon, after cresting a small rise in the forest trail, a familiar sound is heard. Razzi and others, run to meet them. The gang of humans mix excitedly with a furry group of locals. They prance and sing a trilling melody that’s a welcoming response to the arrival of their friends!
Round and round they dance! Smooth hands, holding onto the furry paws of their Zenarawan pals. Nyla and Wil realize that any previous behavioral warnings will go unheeded. The kids have become over-wound, like so many eight-day clocks!
“Oh Nyla, can’t we please run ahead?” Toby pleads beggingly. “Razzi wants to show us a new game he and the others have made for us. We promise to be good!”
“Okay.... but remember....”
Like magic, yet faster than even that, they disappear in a cloud of dust! Towards the quiet and peaceful village, they run like overwound banshees! Leaving four androids to brush dust from their jumpsuits, shaking their heads in frustration!
“And to think that you want to have more children!” Wil teases, as the last of the excited youngsters disappears over the rise.
“Well, I never twisted your arm .... did I?” She reminds with passionate reasoning.
Wil, gazes lovingly into her eyes. “Well, when you put it that way, I admit that I’ll miss the little monkeys when they leave the nest.” He says with heart; which isn’t easy for an android!
As the mechanical earthlings enter the outskirts of the village, Linmarri and Raznalli are there to meet them. They’re wearing the very best of cloth and scents that any important occasion would require. For the Zenarawan people, having visitors is the highest of honors, and a chance to offer nothing but the best of hospitality.
“Hello my friends!” Nyla, exclaims in their intricate language, giving embraces to each. Other villagers’ approach from the commons where festivities are already underway. She and Wil happily greet all, while introducing Omari and Talia.
They shock the furry villagers by greeting in the native language. “I remember you from long ago.” Omari informs, glad he and Talia had downloaded the chirpy-purry language.
“You speak my language very well, sky friend. Yes, I remember that time. It was just after you came from the stars. Welcome to our village.”
“Yes, you have a mind like a trap, my good fellow.”
Off they go, to the center of the village, where they’re quickly surrounded by dozens of other adults. The many, pay tribute to the tall, smooth-skinned friends. Some of the females bring newborn cubs to show off.
Nyla and Talia, fall in love with the squirming little bundles of fur that look back with such bright, intelligent eyes! Each is lucky enough to hold one. They purr contentedly, as proud mom’s look on.... beaming with pride!
After the initial excitement of greetings passes, Nyla and companions are directed to take the weight off. At the side of the busy commons, comfortable seats await under the ample shade of an ancient tree. Of all the seats, it’s obvious which ones are meant for them; the ones built for heavy giants!
During the very first visit to the village, the Zenarawan’s took offense that neither star friend would sit in the seats offered. To the scientist androids, it was clear that the seats couldn’t withstand their immense weight.
With communication not so great during those early days, Nyla could only physically-demonstrate the reason why.
To show reason for refusal, the lovely android squeezed her ample hips between protesting armrests. With just slight pressure, the chair creaked and moaned like something painfully alive! Many winces from the peanut gallery, as she enjoys torturing the moment before letting go all her gravity-loving weight!
“Well, here goes nothing!” With a horrendous noise, that even surprised her, the chair explodes into enough toothpicks for a year! Pulverized timbers flew in all directions, never having stood a chance against her juggernaut weight!
Landing with a solid thump, she looked up embarrassed at causing such a ruckus. Her 275-pound-frame, went through like a hot knife through soft butter, creating perhaps the first-ever interstellar ass-crater made by an earthling! Something Wilber Sohn the jokester will never let her live down!
The furry’s break into hysterics, hopping and hooting gleefully! The earthlings learn that their new friends of the forest, enjoy a humorous moment like everyone else in the cosmos!
The next visit proved that the Zenarawan people also had some clever engineers among them! Several newly designed chairs awaited testing; The androids settled into them comfortably, with only a few minor creaks as the wood-frames adjusted.
Nyla and Wil offer the first two seats to Omari and Talia, while two others are brought from a storage hut. The Zenarawan’s were only expecting two heavy hitters but are definitely prepared for more. As they wait, Wil nudges Nyla, pointing with a small nod....
“Looks like old Torrox is taking precautions this time.” He indicates a barrier made of thorny vines, surrounding the sacred spirit-pole next to his hut.
From a window of the hut, tiny dark eyes peer out suspiciously, looking for past and future offenders. Wil can only hope the kids heed his warning.
“Well, I’m glad he’s being proactive.” Nyla whispers stealthily. “The last thing we need is another awkward-moment with his spirit-world. But if push comes to shove, I brought plenty of gifts that should pacify most transgressions.”
Just then, a noisy gaggle of little monsters, race past Torroxs’ hut, breezing perilously close to the sacred barrier. Luckily, the protection does its job; no violation of the spirits occurred that time!
“Whew!” Wil exclaims, not realizing Linmarri had noticed his concern.
She calls one of the Zenarawan children over and reads him the riot-act for bothering poor Torrox who feels under the weather since the visitors arrived. He’s still not comfortable with the dead people who walk among the living like good-looking zombies.
Mercifully, he’ll find a tiny bag of gold disks on his doorstep which will go a long ways towards a new understanding of the star zombies, who might not be so bad after all!
After what seems like an apology, the youngster scampers off. All is good once again. Just then, giant seats arrive for Nyla and Wil. It never felt so good to finally take the weight off!
Electronic nirvana flows through their weary circuits, as they bask in the cool shade.
Unbreakable bonds
With a tremendous crack, the sky is split open! A thunderous boom breaks the visit! Everyone, naturally looks skyward, wondering how thunder can live in the clear blue skies.
Miles overhead and too small to be seen with the naked eye, two torpedo drop-pods are ripping the atmosphere new corn shoots!
Inside thermally protected pods, brave space divers tear into the voracious gravity-well of Oberon Prime! At nearly 5,000-mph, the twin charcoal briquettes race into ever-thickening soup.
Having just departed the starship SPS Nikola Tesla, the android’s race to a new life on an alien world.
They’re first mission; to construct a space elevator next to the Einstein and Newton colonies!
They’re second mission; to raise a gaggle of humans and enjoy a new life!
SPS Nikola Tesla, is named after a brilliant Serbian-American who lived during the nineteenth and twenties centuries. His resume spanned the fields of electrical and mechanical engineering. He was an inventor, physicist and futurist.
Discovering alternating-current electricity and inventing wireless communication, were just two of his many wonderful feats. A truly insightful human being, who died penniless at a ripe old age of 86, but very rich in achievement!
“It’s okay my friends.” Wil, reassures. “Those are friends, coming in from the stars.” With a gliding hand-gesture, he mimics a flightpath, as most pilots are prone to do.
Omari is more informative. “I imagine that’s Ella and Seth, coming in from the Tesla.”
“I hope they have a safe landing!” Talia, exclaims worriedly, as is her way.
Raznalli continues his skyward gaze, but there’s nothing to see. The tiny dots are long gone and probably under canopy this very moment. “My friends of the sky, you are full of surprises!” he exclaims. “To command the thunder in such a way, must be wonderful!
“My friends,” Linmarri changes the subject, “we’re having another special visitor today. She’s the eldest medicine woman of our people. Her village is past the rumbling mountain. She’s very interested in meeting people, who are not people. People who live yet are not alive.”
She provides more information than the androids needed, but these simple forest dwellers have no concept of political correctness. To the villagers, their new friends are cherished, even while knowing that they have no hearts, no blood.... yet walk among the living. Only the small, smooth-skinned children are filled with life.... with blood that’s hot!
“Really?” Nyla responds gleefully. She had hoped to meet others from different villages. “My, that will be wonderful, Linmarri!” She exclaims, wanting to learn more about the ‘rumbling mountain’, but patiently waiting for the right time.
“We look forward to meeting this elder.” Talia adds. “I’m sure she has much information about the history of your clan.”
After a fashion, Raznalli brings forth beautiful flint nodules. With skill honed by many years of practice, he demonstrates a ballet of knapping techniques. With tools and paws flittering gracefully across the stone blanks, he showers the area with shards.
Soon, he has four newly minted, razor-sharp, 6-inch-long, beautifully balanced spear-points, of which each android friend receives one.
“For me?” Wil, holds his up to the light, admiring the graceful lines, the razor-sharp edges! “You have real talent, my friend. Thank you!”
Nyla offers gifts to nearby females. Offering one to Linmarri, she shows how it opens. Within a clamshell-case, resides a small vanity mirror and hairbrush.
Now, while Linmarri knows her own reflection in a pool of water, she’s never looked upon herself in high definition! Jumping for joy, she nearly tramples poor Raznalli in her fit of glee!
The grooming tools are a big hit! Nyla is glad that she brought enough for all. Soon, the females of the village will all be looking purrrrrrrfect, she thinks!
“The grooming tools are a huge success.” Talia whispers.
“Well worth the diminished supply.” Nyla correctly surmises. “That, plus these gifts don’t require batteries!” She adds with a laugh.
Wil offers pocket-knives to the males of the village. Even though the blades are small, they’re a big hit. The furry creatures had never handled a steel blade, so Wil explains how to treat them, and how to maintain the sharp edge.
Soon, no stick in the village is safe, as many take to whittling like there’s no tomorrow! Something a flint blade just can’t duplicate very well.
The day, morphs into late afternoon. Nearby, a bakers-dozen of worn-out young humans, relax next to their exhausted feline friends. Low energy-levels prevail, after hours of non-stop mayhem and hijinks around the village.
All are now quiet as mice, many wondering when the next meal will be. Earlier, more than one freshly baked dessert set out to cool, came up missing. Yet such paltry amounts, for so many starving mouths, only fuel the flames of hunger!
Just then, a runner enters the village, announcing the imminent arrival of Yilzzari, the medicine woman. She and her party are only minutes away!
Turing to her guests, Linmarri predicts. “I think you’ll enjoy Yilzzari. She’s energetic and has more memories that the number of lights in the night sky!”
Chirping a command, young cubs turn-to. Buzzing the area, they pick up and put things back into place after such a festive afternoon. It just wouldn’t due for Yilzzari to enter what looks like a warzone!
Soon, the 88-year-old medicine woman arrives. She looks majestic sitting upon her comfortable litter, which is carried by 4 muscular males in the prime of life. Her honor guard number 30. Gently placing her litter on a level spot, they remove the carry poles and rest weary muscles.
Nyla makes a mental-note to introduce them to the wheel; a lovely invention! However, the local terrain wouldn’t lend itself to a wheeled cart, and perhaps that’s why they didn’t use them.
Introductions and pleasantries go around. In no time, Yilzzari is in a quandary about the new people she had never met before. She understands they came from the stars, and that they seemed to be friendly, but hearing them speak in her own language is almost too much for the old gal!
“You speak to me as though you have lived among us forever. How does this happen?” Yilzzari inquires wonderingly.
Wil takes this one. Speaking in the native chirps and purrs, he sagely responds. “Oh, great and wise Yilzzari. We are but humble visitors that learn your words quickly, but do not expect the same kind of communication from our young ones. They are different.” He sets the record straight, shocked by her response.
“Oh, I know something of the young-ones you mention. On the way, I met the ones called Braxton and Magnus. They seem like fine young people. I noticed that they only think our words, while you can only speak them. How is this?” She inquires with a wrinkled squint.
Nyla, butts in. “Yilzzari, you are all-wise and knowing. We are of different physical make-up from that of our little-ones, but please see if you can detect my thoughts.” The lovely android concentrates....
She concentrates so very hard at projecting a thought, she nearly drops a bolt from an aft data-port! Well not quite, but she certainly wonders if she might have ruptured a circuit! .... “Anything?” She asks, just as Yilzzari’s tired old eyes, grow wide with surprise.
“Yes! .... Yes! .... perhaps the tiniest speck of dust!” She exclaims laughingly. “But stay with the spoken word my young friend. It’s just not there yet.” Yilzzari, humors laughingly.
Then, on a more serious level, medicine woman leans forward, inquiring. “Legend has it that you live, yet don’t live.... that you have no hot blood in your veins.... that you never eat, yet are always full of energy! .... Is it the spirit world, from which you come?” Blunt and to the point, she thinks.... her wrinkled old face, a montage of curiosity.
“Yilzzari.” Nyla, responds. “It’s true that we are not of this world, but neither are we from the spirit world. We come from one of the many lights in the night sky. They look small, but that’s because they are very far away. Next to one of them, our world exits in the same way this world exists next to your star. From my world, your star is just another tiny dot in the night sky too.” She informs and continues....
“Our world became tired and couldn’t support the many villagers any longer. The villagers couldn’t survive such a long journey to get to this world. So, they created us in their image, to be the guardians of their children here on this world. They’re ancestors, are our creators. Please, believe me when I tell you.... it’s complicated.”
She adds. “We are artificial, yet still live. Just in a different fashion than yourself. Also, we use a special kind of food, which is eaten in a different way.... While it’s true that we don’t have the same kind of hot blood as you and our little ones, we have another form, that also gives life. And at times, it can be just as hot.” She seems to be confusing the poor old shaman, who hadn’t the background to understand the complicated concepts.
The ancient medicine woman is all-wise in her little kingdom, but this new life-form confuses her greatly! Yet, being all-wise, she quickly concludes that it just didn’t matter! She is making new friends, and they do seem friendly. That’s all that really counts, when all else is boiled down and removed.
Yilzzari offers kindly. “It’s easily seen that you are kind of heart, even though you have no heart. Our people have dreamed about those lights in the night sky for uncountable generations. To think that you and your friends come from one of them is....” The old woman searches for the right term. “....is like something from the spirit world, yet even stranger than that, I think. Much stranger!” Great wonderment in her weary tone.
Omari is busting to get a word in edgewise. “It’s easy to see that you are a most wise and knowing medicine woman, Yilzzari.” He offers the best compliment and smile he has in his arsenal and continues....
“My dear, I have heard of a mountain that rumbles, and have heard that you come from beyond such a place. Are there any stories about that mountain that you might share with us?” He mentally cringes, as the subject matter of the inquiry might not be appropriate.
Yilzzari stiffens imperceptibly at the question. To Nyla, it seemed as if the old girl had just received an electric jolt! The old girl quickly recovers composure, looking as if she were trying hard to remember a distant memory. When in fact, she had been thinking about that mountain, more and more lately.
“Well.... Let’s see....” She squints; gray hairs on her lower muzzle, bristle as she thinks. “Oh yes! I remember something from when I was much younger. I was on an excursion of self-finding.” She reminisces with a long sigh. “One night, I was awakened from sleep, as the very earth beneath, started to rumble!” She relates, as if it happened just yesterday. “I looked and could see a light dancing in the forest! Terrible snaps assaulted my ears!”
She continues. “I thought it was lightning, but the sky was clear. Yet, this lightning was different. Not coming from the sky, but traveling upward from the ground, only to end angrily at the treetops over and over again! And the wind grew so cold, smelling terrible like death!” She exclaims as her previous composure falters.
Crossing her arms, as if she had just caught a chill. “I hid under my blankets, so the spirit might pass. Thankfully, my life was spared that night, but I still don’t understand why or how. One thing is sure. That mountain is cursed! I hope you never find reason to venture there!”
A chill of frozen electrons flow through the circuits of Omari and his friends! The similarity to Jax’s fireside chat, was shockingly similar. Omari pushes the envelope of boldness, asking. “Old and forever wise Yilzzari. Did you by chance meet with a big white cat, during that strange night on the mountain?”
“Ah, so you know of the ancient story of our people! Yilzzari exclaims. “It is said, that the spirits of mighty hunters are still on that mountain. Anyone who dares venture too close, had better not spend the night in those woods!” The old woman warns. Adding....
“The mountain that rumbles, grows angrier as time passes. There is powerful medicine there, yet something grows very angry. All who venture forth to explore simple curiosities, will meet a horrible end! Dark secrets don’t give up the ghost, easily!” She warns, sternly.
Nyla looks to her friends, seeing three fellow androids that’ve been hanging onto every word the old medicine woman spoke. She knows now, that neither hell or high water won’t be able to keep the mountain safe from another visit!
Except this time, people from another world, another belief system, will pay a visit to the mysterious, lonely mountain. A visit that will replace fear and superstition, with scientific curiosity, and an insatiable desire for knowledge!
The evening wears thin. Most, have long-since retired to the comfort of bed or sleeping bag, leaving Yilzzari and several couples to relax in quiet. The old shaman glances at Wil, indicating something he seems to cherish.
“I have been admiring that strange spear you protect so dearly.” She admits, pointing at the laser-rifle. “I may be old, but I know a weapon when I see one. If Raznalli will demonstrate his spear-throwing technique, won’t you do the same?” The old woman asks loudly, so’s to wake Raznalli who had drifted off.
Wil’s appreciation of the old gal goes up a few notches! While the laser is clearly not a throwing-spear, it surely is a weapon! He wonders just how she concluded that it could still reach out and touch; as might a spear.
“My dear Yilzzari. I welcome a demonstration and will happily provide one, even if Raznalli wishes not. But be warned.... this spear is like none that you’ve ever seen. It reaches and touches with mighty wrath! So, make room for a few more gray hairs!” Laughing, he gets up and follows Raznalli into the gloom.
The furred-one widens his stance, steadying his feet. “See that small tree over there, beyond the fire pit?” He points with a paw, while placing the butt-end of his spear into a device that adds leverage to his throw. An earthy term for the tool, would be ‘atlatl’, with the principle being equal.
Hefting the spear and balancing it on his left forepaw, he squintingly takes aim. With a mighty grunt, he heaves! The spear flies! Holding true, it crosses the shadows and over the fire pit it streaks! With a solid smack, the stone point enters deeply into the soft wood of the targeted tree with a mighty quiver! The crowd goes wild! The village is rudely awakened, many wondering what the hell!
“By the ancestors of Roelin!” Linmarri exclaims loudly. “You hit the mark as if by magic! Could you do it again?” She asks, excitedly. She never tires of witnessing Raznalli’s prowess with his spear....
“Well, if my life depended on it, sure!” The proud male beams brightly. “But I’m surely not going to waste another flint, just to make you vibrate!” He retorts smartassingly, as the peanut gallery breaks into laughter. All know just how important it is to respect the points. To waste, is to perhaps not have one, when one is needed most!
Wil is truly taken aback at witnessing the powerful little male make such an incredible shot. “Wow, Raznalli!” He exclaims truly. “You have great skill, my friend! Perhaps, you might teach me that move someday?” .... it didn’t come out like a question.
With a laugh, and a heightened bravado, Wil is accepted as his next student.
“Thanks. You honor me, Raznalli .... Now, my good friend, let me show you a point that doesn’t break easily. It reaches out so fast, you can’t believe your eyes! And it’s bright like the sun!” He unslings the long weapon from his shoulder, handing it to Raznalli for inspection.
Eyes grow wide as the alpha-male hefts the 12-pound device. It’s quite heavy, especially for such a diminutive animal such as Raznalli. Way heavier than his spear, anyway. As he’s admiring, Wil calls to his better half. “Nyla, please show Yilzarri how to use your sunglasses. We don’t want to blind the poor dear.”
Wil trades his own sunglasses for the laser. Raznalli had previously tried them on, so he places them on his snout as best he can. All the while, wondering why. The sun was gone, after all!
After checking the power setting and releasing the safety, Wil widens his stance for effect, and takes aim at the same tree, just below the spear. “Here goes!” He warns, and gently squeezes the trigger. The gloomy night is torn asunder! The village-center glows bright red! The ruby-beam chews one the tree, seemingly before the trigger was pulled!
“Oh my!” Talia exclaims, having no experience with weapons of destruction. Even Omari flinches at such a spectacle!
Releasing the trigger before setting the village on fire, Wil glances across his stunned audience. Nyla offers a yawn and wink, while others are way shocked! You could hear an atom drop as they push jaws back into place!
Yilzzari finds her voice. “Well, I for one, am very glad that you people from the stars are friendly! That spear has great teeth! It bites deeply, as might an angry spirit! You are teaching us that perhaps we should reconsider our beliefs with the spirit world.” The old girl admits a blasphemy, that a younger shaman would never have done!
She adds. “We have much to teach each other, my friends from the stars. Perhaps with time, you will teach us some of these godly things, that are perhaps not so godly after all. Just a different way, to do the same thing.” The old medicine woman speaks wisely. Now though, the hour is late, so she bids a weary farewell.
“Yes Yilzzari, we look forward to that.” Wil, responds. “Perhaps next time, we’ll meet at your village and learn of your people. There are many things we can teach each other.”
Building a space elevator
Three light-years away, @ Titania Alpha. The ice-filled Faraday and Payne starships are joined at the hips with SPS Democritus. The later of which had brought the elevator system to the planet. Their function now, is to provide necessary mass to act as the elevator counterweight.
By use of the starships fusion rocket motors, the counterweights will provide exacting tension and guidance for the cables suspended high above the planet.
Centrifugal forces play a huge part in the effort to hold-aloft an extremely heavy bundle of cables. Without it, the immense gravity of the planet would bring the cables crashing down, and that just wouldn’t do!
At an altitude of 500-miles, the retired starships rejoin the workforce, providing invaluable service to humanity and androids alike.
As a spider readies creation of a web; the Democritus hangs suspended above an alien world with spinnerets pointed in the right direction. The Bouligand spiraling-fiber-design of the cable is mimicked from the internal structure of the Mantis shrimp’s clubs.
These feisty earthly creatures can fire their war-clubs at the speed of a small bullet. So, they must be extremely tough to survive repeated punishments like that, and always be ready for the next walloping!
Human scientists studied, mimicked, and found many uses for this fantastically strong, spiraling-fiber-design of Mother Natures. From one of the tiniest creatures on Earth, comes some of the greatest boons to humanity! And androids too! Making the reach for the stars, that much easier.
“Stand by for the last shot.” Commander Clara warns Zoey and Tova.
“Go ahead, Clara. We’re ready down here.” Zoey informs. She, Tova and their team have retreated a safe distance from the anchorage, as drilling operations are performed from above.
“Copy that.... Here we go.... in four .... three .... two .... one!”
Suddenly, yet much faster than even that, a ruby beam from space, hits the planet with incredible authority! The area of the anchorage site is bathed in a smoky reddish-haze, as the Democritus drills deeply into the bedrock with her 18-inch-diameter laser.
On the surface, a torrent of vapor and ejecta explode from the deepening wound! The only sound flowing to Zoey, is an eerie hissing from distance. It takes about 6-minutes for the ships drill to reach the required depth of 100-feet.
The anchorage is receiving its 40th, and last hole. Now, looking like an empty pincushion it cools, waiting for the telephone-pole-sized metal pins with cables, to arrive from space.
“Okay, Zoey!” Clara informs. “We’re done up here. Please, approach the site with caution.... we wouldn’t want anybody falling in!”
“Thanks Clara.” Tova, replies laughingly. “We’re heading over there now. Give us an hour, and we’ll get back to you.”
The drill site crawls with 26 android-engineers. In teams, they inspect the anchorage holes with highly calibrated equipment. It’s soon determined that all the shafts are within limits specified by long-dead human engineers back at earth. Each of the shafts, has walls of unbroken granite, all the way to the bottom. Phase-two can begin immediately.
“Clara, this is Tova; over.” He calls with updated information.
“Hi Tova. I’m guessing by the tone, all is ready for the cables to drop.” Clara, surmises.
“You got it, sister! .... I mean, commander; over.” He chuckles, before releasing the transmit.
Clara winces at the insubordinate levity. In reality, she understands that they are all in this together, and are equals in their own rite. She knows Tova is informal at times, not meaning disrespect, but when operations are so critical, it’s always preferable to go by the book.
She lets it slide with a sigh, responding firmly. “Copy that, Mister Tova. Standby for the first strand. It’ll be visible in about 3 hours; over.”
“Copy that, commander. Let’s hope for good drops.” Comes a more stoic response.
“Justin; Alix, do you copy?” Clara calls her tug-pilots who waits patiently for launch.
“Go ahead commander.” Justin responds.
“Begin phase-two whenever you’re ready. Be careful out there, don’t push your luck.”
“Thanks commander. We’re ready and will be careful as always.” Justin answers, as he and Alix finish a pre-flight checklist. It’s their task to pilot the tug-spacecraft which will remove the cables from mother’s protective bowels, one at a time, and give them a push into Titania Alpha’s gravity-well. Forty cable-strands will combine to make the elevator possible.
Each cable-strand deployment will be torture to their psyches. With cabin-fever running high, a dive toward the planet, only to swoop away at the last second, will grind their gears each time! At the same time, they also realize that their tiny ship isn’t designed for atmospheric flight, so that helps to not go too far.
“Soon” .... Justin tells himself mentally .... “We’ll walk the planet soon enough.”
“Okay Akiva, we’re ready to launch.” Alix calls the hanger crew from within the isolated launch-tube. The Democritus has four such tubes that allow launching without depressurizing the hanger bays. On the outer hull, a 35-foot-diameter spiral-hatch glides open with just the slightest of protest. Clouds of space-dust fly into the frozen void, as powerful hatch-motors laugh at the puny friction!
“Please take us out, Alix.” Justin delegates to his first officer, and mate. With a deft grip on her joystick, Alix launches the vehicle into the frozen void. In their face, Titania Alpha looms menacingly! Her majestically beautiful glory, is unavoidable!
The view totally eats their faces!
“YeeeeeHaaaaaaaaa!” Each, yells in a beautiful jinx moment. Its the first time either has been outside the starship in over 175,000-years! With euphoric glee, they’re shot into space!
“I can’t believe we’re free of that old tin-can!” Justin exclaims. “Just think, Alix! Soon we’ll be free to roam the wilds once again! All that elbow-room down there; can you imagine?!”
“Now, don’t go and get all cabin-fevery on me, Justin.” She warns, all the while re-gaining focus on her duties. “Well, we’re not there yet. Another 5 or 6 months, so while that elbow room in the wilds sounds good, hang on a little longer.”
After a joyride around the Democritus to clear cobwebs, they hover the ship over a pin cushion-like section of the starships outer hull. This area has 40-steel-poles sticking 20-feet past the hull-plating in a half-acre farm.
Beyond the 20-feet, and extending deep into mother’s hull, is another 100-feet of 17-inch-diameter titanium-alloy anchor-pins. Attached to these multi-ton anchor-pins, is the planet-side end of the cable.
The rest of the cable is coiled inside dedicated storage, and ready for deployment. It’s a plug-n-play system, that earthling scientists had developed to maximize user-friendliness.
“Mind the closing-distance, Alix.” Justin warns, as first officer takes the ship off autopilot and guides manually. The craft slowly closes with one of the anchor-pins, accepting it into a locking-tube that runs through the middle of the ship.
With a solid clunk, metallic claws grip the protruding pin. For all intents and purposes, the tug is now one with the first of the elevator cable-strands.
“Green lights across the board, Justin.” Alix informs. “Just give the word.”
Justin, double checks the data, making sure proximity-sensors are tuned correctly. They’ll announce warning in advance of reaching the event horizon of Titania Alpha’s gravity. A point where just beyond, the tug can’t extricate itself. All is, as it should be....
“Okay, Alix.... easy does it.... let’s hope all that simulator training pays off!”
The tug strains! .... The pin resists! Seemingly, not willing to move, it suddenly breaks the threshold of friction, holding it in place. A cloud of space-dust explodes in protest, as the little tug that could, pulls the long pole from poor old Democritus’s guts.
Like pulling an already threaded pin from a pin cushion, the cable unwinds from inside the starship. Alix now has her hands full. Her once responsive ship, now seems to have a tiger by the tail! Like a drunken sailor, her ship wobbles and weaves; straining to make-way. All the while, Titania Alpha threatens to eat them for lunch!
“You’re doing great Alix.” Justin offers nervous praise, adding. “I’m ready to give you a break. Just say the word.” Putting his hand on her shoulder, she remains focused on her displays.
“Thanks, but I’m good for a while longer.” The transport, bucks like a bronco, as the cable uncoils. At the 100-mile-mark, oscillations diminish, and the journey becomes nearly enjoyable.
An hour later, the valley they seek is directly below. It blends with the others, collectively looking as if a giant claw had raked the land. The planet fills their monitor. The Grim Reaper holds his breath, hoping they go too far, as the space-tug nears a release point.
“Okay Alix! .... Goose it! .... Just like in the sim.” He reaches, tightening her restraints.
“Copy.... here goes something!” Alix exclaims, pouring on the coals! With a heavy acceleration, the tug heads straight towards doom! At a targeted altitude and velocity, Justin disengages the heavy pin and cable; the tug, zooms forward and away!
Making a U-turn just above the point of no-return, the intrepid pilots fly through a gap in the Grims’ gnarly fangs, cheating him of the snack.
Far below and beyond hell’s fire, Bernoulli enjoys a belly laugh as his demented neighbor misses his mark yet again! However, as with the benevolent lifting-force, the Grim Reaper never gives up either! Never surrenders! He’ll try, each time the tug dares him!
Turning their electronic backs on the beautifully deadly planet, Justin and Alix head back into deeper space.... and another cable-strand.
Into the gravity-well the pin drops! As with a dog on a leash, it’s directed somewhat by the whimsical forces of nature. Not allowed to stray too far, it hunts for equilibrium as the 500-mile-long-cable offers guidance and support.
Androids watch with fascination as the steel pin descends through the atmosphere. It leads a nearly invisible support cable by comparison. The 50-ton pin is heavily buffeted by the Jetstream, taking it off course. As expected, the lower-level winds are more favorable, allowing stabilization after a fashion.
Soon, the great monster-pin drops back into the atmospheric-pipeline, 5 by 5 for the anchorage site. Above in space, the counterweight-platform, which is the three starships joined at the hips, is not affected at all by this temporary deflection. Powerful fusion-drives adjust thrust levels to maintain stability.
“Here it comes!” Tova, yells excitedly.
The wind calms, and the cable from space straightens. Soon, the pin is hovering over its new home. It takes many strong androids, to wrestle the behemoth into place.
The blackened tip of the pin lowers into its new home, gliding along the smooth inner-surface of the rocky borehole. Only a half-inch clearance, between the sides of the pin and the rocky surface. It settles into the bottom of the hole with a bone-crunching sound, shaking the ground! It will go no further. All count their fingers and lucky stars!
“Okay, back away!  I’m setting the barbs!” Zoey, commands as she reaches for a remote on her utility belt, enters a code and pushes a button.
Along the length of the specialized pole, tiny explosive bolts detonate, releasing thousands of spring-loaded steel barbs. They extend forcefully, gripping the inner surface of the rocky shaft.
Like a finger trapped in a Chinese-handcuff, the bedrock has a Kung-Fu grip on the pin! It will now take truly astronomical forces to break it free! Into the sky, the cable seems to go forever, but connects with the biggest-looking star, that is three starships joined at the hips!
A team readies a cement mixture to fill in any gaps, minimizing future corrosion. Now, the rod from god, has become a permanent fixture within Titania Alpha. For all intents and purposes, the planet and the starships are now one!
By itself, one cable-strand is nowhere near strong enough to withstand the tremendous forces at play with a space elevator. But with its other 39-companions soon to join, there will be strength in numbers. Strength enough!
Above in space, Clara keeps an eye on the monitor that circumnavigates the bridge. A large portion of which, displays a beautiful blue-green world below. She’s thrilled to see the first cable extending to the planet. Tensioners within the cable’s old storage-compartment, have taken up much of the slack.
Now, using magnification, she’s able to follow the cable all the way to the anchorage site. Android engineers can be seen scurrying to and fro, dutifully performing the tasks required.
With a feeling of electronic euphoria, she dreams of a time when it will be her turn to enjoy the freedom that’s so close, yet so far away! Mesmerized by the thought, she’s startled when a call comes in from the site.
“Clara, this is Zoey; do you copy?”
“Yes Zoey, I copy five by five; go ahead.” Clara hopes for news that all is ready for the next cable deployment.
“You’re missing a beautiful day down here, Clara!” Zoey teases, as is her way.
“Oh, I see what a fine day it is down there, little miss rub-it-in.” The cabin-fevered commander, retorts sarcastically. She wants freedom so badly.... she can taste it!
“Sorry Clara. My bad.... I’ll stick to the script.” Zoey flinches, as she recognizes her insensitivity. “We’re ready down here, whenever you want to toss the next pin. That last one came through the Jetstream just fine, so let’s keep our fingers crossed for the next one.”
“Copy that Zoey. It’s good to know you still have all your fingers. We’ll drop the next.” She informs; dearly wishing it was her down there waiting for a cable from the wide-open skies. Just to feel gravity again would be nice!
“Okay.... copy that, Clara; we’ll be here; Zoey out.”
“Justin, do you copy?” Clara, transmits.
“We’re still here; go ahead commander.”
“Commence with the next pin. They’re ready for it.”
With permission to proceed, the tug pulls out the next cable. Like a spider pulling a silken thread which dutifully follows, the tug plunges the next pin into the atmosphere. Others follow suit, filling the sky above the tiny habitats with dancing vines that extend upwards to the star above. Jacks beanstalk never looked so good!
Much work still lies ahead for the planet-side team. The many cables must be perfectly twisted to spread any forces that seek to destroy. Also, a receiving-platform for the cable-car must be built. Sometimes, it seems an android’s work is never done!
Above in space, the elevator-car is removed from storage and mated with the lengthy cable. Like a clamshell, it closes on the cable and locks in place. The cable runs through a friction-tube in the center of the pressurized conveyance. Within this tube, thousands of motorized rollers, grip the cable using friction, and this is how movement is accomplished.
Yet, the journey is not a fast one. A one-way trip takes nearly 6-days to complete. While test-runs prove the elevator is safe, not one android is willing to endure such a torturous ordeal when leaving the ship for a planet-side life. An exhilarating space dive through hells-fire is way preferable!
The orbit of the counterweight must be maintained. So, four androids at a time, beginning with some of the first to leave the Democritus, will ride the elevator back into space for rotating tours of duty, each lasting one month. With so much riding on the line, autopilot simply can’t be trusted!
Another consideration besides maintaining proper orbit, is to defend the system if need arises. Robust defensive systems onboard the starships, will ensure a sour-taste in the mouth of anyone brave enough to venture too close!
Before long, Clara and partner, find themselves on a nearly empty ship. Just the babysitters remain. One fine day, they find themselves suiting-up for the dive of a lifetime.
It seems a dream! One that has haunted their circuits for millennia! It’s a magical moment indeed! They enter separate torpedoes and are shot into Titania Alpha’s voracious gravity-well.
“YeeeeeeeHaaaaaaaaaaaaa!” Clara and Lars, yell maniacally! Of all who dropped before them, they yell the loudest, and enjoy the drop the most!
The rumbling mountain!
Back on Oberon Prime; Wil rises from guard duty just before dawn. Not a creature is stirring, not even an alien mouse! Approaching the boys’ tent, he gives it a mighty shake!
“Rise and shine, you little monsters!” He exclaims whisperingly, not wishing to wake the entire Zenarawan village. For his efforts, a chorus of grumblings and expletives, prove they’ve awakened.
Harper, throws open the flap, zombie-stepping his way into the new day. Soon, his half-asleep brothers also emerge, heading off to the nearby stream, with him in tow. A cold splash in the face, is just what the doctor ordered!
Not far away, Nyla and Talia rouse the little princesses. They equally grumble at being awakened at such an early hour. Cooper is first to comply with the rise and shine directive. She exits the tent with hair pointing in all directions! Rubbing her eyes, she asks. “Nyla.... what’s that smell?”
“That’s the smell of 5am, young lady.” Nyla responds laughingly.
Soon, they’re all up and atom, shuffling off to the stream. A cold splash brings awareness back into their lives. With the toughest part of the morning behind, the androids concentrate on bringing forth something for the monsters to eat before heading back into the wilds.
The morning meal goes well enough, without too much noise to awaken the village. Afterward, everyone quietly pitches in, dismantling the camp, and packing it for travel. Dawn has brightened the forest mistily and the village stirs. Nyla takes the other androids to the side.
“We have a choice to make.” She says mysteriously. “We can either go back to the habitats, where none of us has much to do. Ooorrrrrr we can seek out the mountain that rumbles and see what we can see.” She tempts the willing. “After all, we’re probable not too far from it right now! There may never be a better time.” She adds a cherry, to the top of sweet temptation!
Her android buddies perk. It sounds like a fine idea. Even though the old medicine woman had warned against going there, the temptation is strong.
The idea had been on Wil’s mind for a good portion of the night. Why not extend the journey, he thinks. Why not offer the kids a chance to explore life, he ponders. There’s no real reason to head home just yet, he convinces himself!
“Well, as long as this is a democracy, I vote for the mountain! My energy-levels are still high.” He voices opinion, looking to Talia and Omari, hopefully.
Talia speaks first. “Well, I definitely vote mountain! We don’t get out often, so let’s not waste this opportunity. My energy is hovering at 92%, so I’m good to go. What about you, Omari?”
“Well, I’m at 89, but feel like 94!” He jokes, making the others smile. “Yes, I like the idea. Let’s do it. Besides, the team back at habitat can live without us for a little longer. Although, I do want to be back in time to help set up the doggy ovens next week.”
He mentions the first-ever attempt to grow German Shepard dogs, in-vitro on an alien world. The process is akin to that of growing humans, except the hormonal make-up requires recalibration, and the specialized embryonic tanks need installation. Much work! .... Much work!
“Oh, that’s fantastic!” Wil exclaims under his breath, getting more excited about the idea. “We’ll be back in time, Omari.... Or die trying!” He jokes, as concern crosses the good doctors face.
“Just kidding, just kidding! .... Seriously, we’ll be back in time.... promise.” Putting his hand on their shoulders as proof of his sincerity, his face beams with confidence.
Nyla, mirrors Wil’s enthusiasm. The thought of another adventure grips her circuits good! Her energy is adequate, so all they need now, is extra food for the kids. She and Talia wait with the youngsters, informing of the change in plans, while Wil and Omari search of sustenance.
Keeping reign on the young humans, becomes more difficult each passing minute! The plan to explore the mysterious mountain, brings barely contained excitement.
Although, Nyla would swear that Jax had turned several shades lighter than his usual dark features, as thoughts of being torn asunder, run unimpeded through his mind! The curse of the mountain, even though he loves ghosts, is a torment on his soul!
It’s still early, as the group exits the village. Staying on the outskirts, they slip away seemingly unnoticed. Even if they were going straight back home, long-goodbyes are not desired. This time the need for subterfuge is necessary.
Even so, they’ll be lucky to get away with their change of plans. In a world of canny indigenousness, they are but clodhopper-wearing yokels, in comparison!
Leaving a trail that the ineptest of hunters could follow, the transgression won’t go unnoticed! But planetary conquest is not for the timid. Toe’s will be stomped! Feelings will be hurt! The Zenarawan’s spirit-mountain will soon have alien guests, no matter what the cost! And the earthlings, will soon be able to put another pin in the map; for places explored!
Two valleys beyond the village, the terrain slopes upward at an increasing rate. Eventually, topping out at a plateau leading to the mountain. Here, twisted rock-outcroppings prove testament to the ancient geology, tortured for millions of years by erosion and upheaval.
If not for the tree’s, the mountain peak would be visible in the distance. Marching ever onward and upward, they trust in GPS-coordinates gathered back in the day when still in orbit many years prior.
The kids are behaving admirably! Nyla is impressed at how they’ve stayed focused. Apparently, the importance of such a learning experience is not lost on them, she thinks. After all, it just wouldn’t do to act like silly children, attracting attention, endangering the moment, due to juvenile hijinks.
She senses something new.... Something.... wonderful! Her babies are maturing! Or, at least they seem to be trying harder these days. The exertion heats her circuits, but she doesn’t care.... Life is good!
After a fashion, Wil reports. “Nyla. According to Yilzzari, and comparing it with our data, we should soon be closing with the base of the mountain soon.”
“The day grows late, Wil.” Nyla, responds motheringly, already knowing they’re near the haunted mountain. “We should start looking for a place to set up camp.”
The kids had overheard and change gears into a stick-finding mission for the nightly fire. Before long, each has a nice bundle of sticks. Ahead, they enter a clearing that seems ideal for a camp. Everyone, begins clearing the area of debris, making ready the tents.
“Do you think we’ll see the white cat tonight, Nyla?” Harper asks fearfully.
Jax is nearby, and with eyes wide, he listens intently. “Oh, my dear Harper.” Mom assures. “I’m afraid that’s just a superstition that the Zenarawan people developed as a coping mechanism for something they don’t fully understand. We adults hope to prove there’s a perfectly logical explanation behind such a story. You’ll see.”
“Oh, don’t be too surprised, Nyla.” Jax, interjects rudely. “That old ghost cat might very-well tear through the camp tonight, looking for souls to eat! We’re in its territory now, and according to Razzi, it hasn’t eaten anybody recently.... so, it must be very hungry!”
His words strike fear into Ling’s heart, who pokes him in the ribs with her walking stick. “Jax Krauss! Stop trying to scare us to death!” She scolds. “We’re going to be just fine! You’ll see! Won’t you look silly in the morning when we’re all still alive and kicking!”
“She’s right Jax.” Nyla, tries to burst his spirit-bubble, giving him the look for scaring the girl. “The disembodied ghost-cat only exists within the mind. It can’t harm anybody unless they fall victim to hysteria and foolishness!”
She spirit-shames the poor superstitious lad, but instantly regrets. She truly believes he didn’t mean any harm. He simply loves the spirit-world, and there’s nothing to do about it.
“Come here my boy.” She directs, giving Jax a conciliatory hug. “Why, if that mean old cat comes into camp tonight, I’ll fight it tooth and nail! I’ll let it bite me good, and we’ll just see how it likes a mouthful of juicy electrons! What do you think of that? Will that work?”
“Awe Nyla, that’s sweet but it doesn’t work like that. No disrespect, but that mean old ghost-cat will only laugh! I mean, everyone knows....  you don’t even have a soul to rip out and chew!”
The lad instantly regrets his hurtful words. “I’m sorry Nyla. I didn’t mean disrespect.
Mom, hugs the lad, saying softly. “Now now, Jax my boy; don’t you fret. Because, as long as I have you, I do have a soul! And I’ll not let anyone, or anything chew on it!”
“Awe, mom!  I love you!!”  His heart melts just as predicted. He hugs mom back.
Aside from a few frightful gusts of wind, that shakes tents ferociously at times, the night remained ghost-cat free. It soon gives way to a warm, fog-shrouded morning.
After a quick, fireless meal, the intrepid explorers shake a leg. They pack the equipment and disappearing like ghosts into the foggy forest.
“Braxton; don’t stray too far.” She calls to the headstrong boy, who quickly falls back into position. “This fog will break soon, but until then, please stay close.” She advises.
“Sorry maw.” He jokes disrespectfully, as Cooper informs, ‘back of the line, chowderhead’!
“Yeah glory-hog! You lost your spot amongst the obedient! Back of the line with you!” Toby teases, kicking the back of his foot; causing a trip!
“Jeez Brax, walk much?” Cooper inquires, just as the line is once again formed and heading up the forested slope to the haunted mountain.
Soon, Nyla motions for a rest. She plops her heated frame down on the soft forest floor. Everyone joins, while Omari and Talia distribute snacks to the ravenous mob.
Soon, the day grows old. The fog, a distant memory, and the rested group continues the trek to loftier heights. Tomorrow will be the day....
Throughout the night, Nyla and Wil sit quietly in the dark woods keeping watch. Omari and Talia monitor the other side of camp. Between them, two tents vibrate with a cacophony of snores.
The hour is late, the sun had set five-hours prior. This is their second night on the mountain, with the highest section not far away.
Nothing unusual has been noticed. Its a pleasant enough piece of real estate for yet another night. The androids wonder if they hadn’t searched in vain for the fabled mountain that rumbles. By hiking in the general direction indicated by Yilzzari, and picking the highest, most probable land-feature on record, their initial hopes were high. Now, not so much....
The pleasantness of the warm night air is punctuated by musical numbers that only insects can ensemble. It hypnotizes the mechanical bodyguards, putting them at ease. As long as the forest is alive with music, the area is likely safe from lurking menace. It had been a long day, and it feels good to take the load off, rest the electric muscles.
Power levels hover near 83%. They communicate inaudibly through a wireless network, which includes input from each other’s vision feeds. In this way, if one misses a fine detail that might be dangerous, perhaps others will notice the prize. Safety in numbers!
Suddenly, the insects go silent! The stillness is deafening! Then, the peaceful night is shattered! The ground vibrates with an eerie rumbling far below, overshadowing the mood! Screams from the tents, break any attempt to understand the moment! They move quickly to meet the youngsters that pour into the night, falling over themselves in blind panic!
However, the panic quickly dissolves when they realize that their world is not actually coming to an end.
The earthling androids find a tangled mass of squirming humanity on the forest floor, trying their best to untangle. Poor Harper, bleeds from a head wound. He stoically stands, accepting his unluckiness. Reaching, he finds that he might still live after all!
Adam and Max roll off the pile, moaning expletives that would make a sailor blush. Braxton and Magnus are at the bottom. They were the first out and the first to fall, causing the interstellar pile-up.
Jax, was thrown to the side, white as a ghost, mumbling something unintelligible, all the while knowing they’re so doomed! Doomed for sure!
Another healthy bout of shaking and rumbling! Then, a sickening blast of foul air, flows through the camp, as if Satan himself breathed upon them! Goosebumps aplenty form along arms and necks of the biologics.
The warm night air yields to the iciness and is pushed to the side! Jax inhales a lungful of stale air, screeching. “There! .... Over there!” He points, frantically. “I saw it! .... I saw the ghost-cat!” While he instills fear in many, Braxton isn’t fooled for a moment! He knows Jax best and isn’t surprised by the outburst.
“Oh Jax, give us a break!” He ridicules mercilessly yet can’t look away from the direction pointed. It’s only natural to seek proof of such a claim, and all look to see the fabled beast. Even the androids look, but no phantom-feline is to be seen.
The group doesn’t have time to linger on the thought, as yet another cold breath of fowl air flows through the camp, sending chills to the very core!
Another eerie vibration! Another ghostly rumble! Suddenly, another actor in the mystery, comes violently to life! Up the hill at a rocky ridgeline, an electrical disturbance rips the night wide-open! With echoing cracks and snaps, it rages up from the ground and into the treetops.
The thinly wooded hillside allows for a glimpse of the weird phenomenon, but Nyla and Wil want a better view. Of all things happening, the electrical discharge is the only tangible thing that might be quickly understood, if only they can get closer.
“Calm down! .... Calm down everyone!” Wil, orders. “Talia, Omari.... Watch the kids.” It didn’t come out as a request. “Nyla and I are going up there.”
“Yes! .... Yes, of course! Go! Go! .... We’ll hold the fort!” Talia responds urgently. “Be careful!” She begs, holding the girls close.
Omari has his hands full, as the boys chafe at the bit for inclusion. He checks Harpers head-wound, seeing that it’ll be just fine after a field-dressing.  “Go Go Go!  I can’t hold these boys back much longer!” He warns, as Braxton, Magnus and Jax, yell protest at the very thought of being left behind.
“Take us too! Take us too!” They yell just loud enough to wake the dead; getting the look from Wil, for their effort.
“Hush.... Don’t make a scene.... or else!” He harshly warns, pointing a finger before getting an elbow in the side from his better half.
“Now, Wil.... We don’t have much time. Let’s just take the three boys and be on our way. They’ll never forgive us if we leave them behind and will only escape to follow.” Her argument is persuasive; Wil, acquiesces after a stern warning.
His glare could melt ice, as he addresses the boys. “Okay, but mind your manners, or I’ll mind them for you!” He whispers the rarest of threats, adding. “Let’s go, stay close behind!”
So, with the rest of the peanut-gallery looking satisfied to stay, they head up the slope towards the hissy-fit in the forested gloom!
Another shaking of the ground. Another eerie rumbling from deep within. Five earthlings stealthily approach ground zero. Ahead, they witness a horrific dance of fire and crack!
From a single point on the ground, dancing ribbons of plasma, expand into the treetops along a v-shaped conductor. Rails glow red-hot after the electrical tumult climbs the cosmic Jacob’s Ladder and explodes at the treetops!
The scene reminds of a mad-scientist experiment gone horribly wrong! The hair on their heads, stands on end as the air is energized. Goosebumps on the boy’s, speaks volumes of the terror gripping their minds, as they hide behind their android protectors!
Somehow, another sentient species is at work here, mom and pop suspect. “Nyla, those discharges are of intelligent design!” Wil whispers as yet another fiery arc of hot juice, sizzles to the treetops, exploding wildly out of existence.
“By all the stars and moons!” She exclaims. “This means we’re not alone here! Our innocent planet isn’t so innocent after all!” She had always suspected that their idealistic life on Oberon Prime, was too good to be true, but now the cat’s out of the bag! Uncertainty rears its ugly head! Circuits heat!
Wil holds her close. “Well, my dear. Whoever built this emergency-vent, must have one hell of an operation going on below.” He prophesies. “Yet we haven’t seen any other signs of intelligent life, except the Zenarawan’s.” The boys, peer uneasily around their mechanical fort, wondering if they shouldn’t back-off.
“This might be an abandoned outpost or something like that.” Nyla supposes. “I mean, we haven’t seen any aliens about the planet, except for ourselves.” She jokes. “But that much electricity isn’t coming from batteries. Terrible power is hard at work down there.”
“One thing seems clear.” Wil surmises. “Whatever’s down there isn’t using all the juice it’s making.” Another wave of plasma vents into the sky angrily, agreeing with the tall android. “I for one, plan to get to the bottom of this mystery.... or die trying!” He uncurbs his enthusiasm but meets with stiff resistance.
“While, I like the way you think.” Nyla reacts. “I wonder if we shouldn’t just come back when we’re better prepared.” She can’t get past the memory of their last encounter with an alien species. It nearly didn’t end well for them then, not being properly prepared and all.
Her statement meets poorly with the boys, who finally find their voices. “Awe jeez, Nyla! We never get to have any fun!” Braxton, flirts with a world of hurt, kicking at the dirt. “Just when things are getting interesting!” He huffs juvenilely, thinking only of himself.
“Yeah!” Magnus and Jax exclaim in unison, knowing it would do no good.
“Well, for now let’s just head back to camp.” Wil instructs, knowing better than to argue with Nyla. “We’ll make the final decision in the morning. You boys know full-well that an android’s energy-level is much more critical than yours. You wouldn’t want to see us run out of juice and die a horrible death, would you?” Guilt trip.... slathered thickly!
“Jeez no, Wil!” Braxton speaks for the boys. Wishing he would think, before throwing juvenile tantrums.
The group heads back to camp. Behind, the alien tempest has cooled and gone dormant once again. As they walk, Jax speaks of a growing suspicion. “Does anyone think it’s possible that the bad-breath that blew through camp, might have come from ventilation exhaust? I mean, if there is a facility inside this mountain, it only seems natural it would need air-circulation.”
Nyla is surprised and pleased that his theory didn’t involve a ghost! “Well my boy, that’s about as lucid an explanation as I’ve heard tonight. Good thinking!” She praises, while realizing she didn’t feel so good....   Falling quietly behind, she wonders if she’ll make it.
“Good thinking, Jax.” Wil ruffles the youngster’s hair as they walk along, not realizing his better half had slowed. “For the life of me, I can’t figure those vibrations and rumblings.”
Falling further behind, Nyla feels her circuits melting! The exertion of climbing the slope, and the anxiety of events, impacts heavily. Taking deep breaths, she tries to mitigate the episode that draws near. Her efforts fall short.
“Wil!” ....  She blurts out, just as her legs fold.  Down she goes!  Landing with a solid thud on her posterior, wouldn’t you know! Wil looks back, seeing her sitting there with eyes closed, her beautiful dark features, calm and serine.
She idles, as heat rolls off her body in waves of infra-red light. Wil is quickly at her side, laying her on her back. Holding her hand, he wonders if she’ll come back this time. She breathes hard, taking in plenty of cooling air, so his hopes grow!
The boys gather close. “Is she going to be okay, Wil?” Braxton asks with a trembling voice. 
We’ll see, my boy.... We’ll see.” He pushes her disheveled hair back into place. “She’s overheated again.... poor thing.”
She remains in the Reapers grasp, longer this time. Just as her partner nears a threshold of panic, she stirs. Looking up into his worried face, she wonders aloud. “What’d I miss?”
Wil’s circuits jump for joy! One day, she might not come back! “My dear, for someone so cautious about exploring this site, you just knocked on the front door real hard!” He teases, offering an infectious laugh.
“Yeah, Nyla!” Braxton teases. “Jeez! .... I bet the place rang like a bell!” Moving closer, the young man offers a warm hug that cools her circuits. 
Standing, she hears a whistle of appreciation as Wil points to the wonderful ass-crater in the soft forest floor. “Hey, at least you didn’t break any furniture this time!” He teases. “Thanks for coming back alive again, my dearest. We need you!” A long embrace, which never felt so good!
Soon, the ancient lovely android feels better. She goes easy, forcing stressful thoughts away. Night-vision is online and scanning the woods as they travel.
Glancing into the woods, she sees a heat rising. It’s not from the Jacobs ladder though, so curiosity gets the cat. “Wil, do you see what I’m seeing?” She inquires with a point.
“I see it. It sure looks out of place.”
“I don’t see anything.” Braxton whispers, squinting into the gloom.
“Me either.” Magnus joins in with a scrunched-up face. “Hey, it’s not fair having night-vision built in!”
“Oh boy don’t you guys look silly squinting like that!” Jax, pounces. “I’m warning right now Nyla, don’t go near that ghost-cat’s lair!” He offers his best professional advice.
Nyla, hands her laser rifle to Braxton. “You boys hold the fort here. We’re going closer.”
With wide eyes, the powerful weapon is accepted. He’s been trained on operating the deadly device but has never been trusted with one.... until now! As if adrenalin wasn’t already flowing in the young man’s veins! Braxton is now armed and dangerous!
“Jeez, really? You must have hit your head back there!” He jokes, getting the look.
Into the rabbit hole!
At 275-pounds, it’s not easy for an android to move stealthily in a crunchy forest, especially on a calm night. Twigs and fallen branches, snap left and right! The trio of young humans, wince at the bulldozer effect, that is their guardians trying to sneak.
Crunch! Crunch! Crunch! .... Snap! Snap! Snap! .... they reconnoiter the heat-signature ahead like bulls in a china shop!
Soon, they’re within 20-feet of the source. There, they notice a thermal rising from the forest floor. Built up debris, makes for difficult viewing. Details are fuzzy.
“Wil, I can’t make out anything.” Nyla admits. “There’s too much junk in the way.”
“Well, let’s get a little closer.” Wil suggests. “Careful now. We don’t need anything jumping out and biting us in the ass.” He jokes nervously.
Crunch! Crunch! Crunch! Snap! Snap! Snap! The curious androids bravely move closer. Stepping as gingerly as possible through the jumble of debris, they poke the ground exploratively with long sticks. Soon, they spy a metallic grate covering a dark cavern.
“Wil, that grating surely isn’t natural.” Nyla deduces, wafting a hand in front of her nose as cloud of horrible stench-molecules invade her smell-receptors. “Whew! .... That’s really bad!  Stand back, I’m gonna puke my circuits!” She jokes sickly.
Before Wil can formulate a response, an eerie vibration grabs the forest floor around them! A deep cracking sound of structural failure freezes them in their tracks! Vertigo and shock, replaces curiosity, as the world crumbles beneath their big, heavy feet! Their combined weight of a quarter ton is too much for the decayed subterranean structure.
With horrendous cracking, the ground beneath gives way to the assault, quickly swallowing the offending masses! Each, scramble in wild panic! Grabbing at anything that might offer salvation, nothing meaningful is near their grasp! .... and into the rabbit-hole they drop!
“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!” They yell animalistically in a jinx-moment from hell! They disappear from the world above in a fit of flailing arms and legs! Rocks, dirt, and an assortment of decaying material falls with. The seemingly bottomless pit takes whatever falls into it and burps a horrible stench as thanks!
A purposefully built pitfall for capturing game, could not have done a better job of capturing the mechanical earthlings. Yet this was no planned pitfall, just an ancient air-vent that gave-way under stress. After seconds of screaming and falling, the pair of heavy androids, mercifully meet with a smooth, curved surface.
This elbow in the shaft, breaks their descent gradually. Dissipating the stored energy in their bodies, instead of a sudden, deadly stop at the bottom. They skid to a halt in front of another steel grate. The stale tempest subsides, as it races to the atmosphere above. Weak moonlight is lost in the curved entrance, their night-vision becomes taxed.
Wil grapples in the darkness, finding Nyla next to him. “Are you okay?” He inquires, while switching off his night-vision and pulling a flashlight from his utility-belt.
“Yes, yes I think so.” She answers with a humorous tone. She couldn’t believe they had survived the fall. “Are you okay?” She reaches into the darkness, bringing him closer for a reassuring inspection and hug.
“Well, my butt got heated really good, but I think I’ll survive.” He responds, returning the pat-down. She releases, turning him to see the hole in his jumpsuit, but is disappointed.
“Well, perhaps we should both lay off the space cookies!” She gives a nervous laugh.
Upon shining light on the claustrophobic confines. It’s easily noticed that they’re trapped. Going back up, is impossible without a rope, and forward movement is blocked by a security grate! Beyond which, the shaft continues at a steady downward slope into darkness.
Nyla breaks the sad reality. “This is going to be soooooo embarrassing when the kids find us like this!”
“Tell me about it, my dear.” Wil responds mournfully. “But if memory serves me well, I think they already know we’re in trouble. I mean, we screamed like new recruits when our world collapsed.... remember?” He asks, just as his radio chimes to life.
“Nyla! Wil! Are you there? Are you okay? over.” Braxton calls, coming through broken and garbled, as the metallic vent-shaft eats the radio signal.
Wil, transmits. “Braxton, we’re okay. Stay back! It’s not safe! Do you copy?” He pleads.
“I copy, Wil. What the heck happened! We heard you scream, and now Jax is having a panic attack! He’s sure the cat got you, and we’re next! Are you sure you’re okay?”
Wil chuckles. “No, no.... there is no Cat. Instead, we fell into a vent-shaft.”
“What should we do?” Braxton transmits; bravely keeping his wits.
“Well, if I’m not mistaken, everyone at the camp just heard your transmission. Mine, not so much, because of where we are. So, inform Omari to bring all the climbing gear we have. Tell him we’re okay, and not to hurry too much.” An involuntary cringe proves his embarrassment.
“Copy, Wil.” Braxton transmits, immediately calling for help.
A lad with an oversized bandage on his head, answers the call. “Brax, this is Harp! Omari is rallying the troops! Tell Jax not to panic! I’m bringing the cat-repellent!”
“Oh funny, Harp!” Jax retorts scathingly, after appropriating the radio. “Are you asking for another boo-boo upside your head?” He keeps the radio keyed, as he laughs the longest.
Omari breaks the conversation. “Braxton, we’re on our way! “Just hang tight and relax!”
Easier said than done, Braxton thinks!
Inside the mountain, the heavy androids try climbing back up the shaft. They can’t get past the elbow, slipping back down, as if on a greased playground slide. Even if they could get past that obstacle, it’s another 45-feet to the surface.
“We’ll just have to wait for the rope. This rabbit hole is too deep and too steep.” Nyla advises. “Let’s just hope we’re gone before the dragon breathes again.”
Wil slides down the elbow, coming to rest next to his lovely partner. “You’re right of course. There’s just no way we can get out this way, without assistance.” He eyeballs the grate.
“Perhaps we might spend some time trying to get past that barrier.” He suggests. “There might be something interesting down there.”
Nyla couldn’t agree more. There’s little worse than being trapped and not trying something. “Okay Wil, but we have only one laser, so make it count.”
“As always.” Wil, states braggingly, adjusting the power level, releasing the safety. He spy’s a vulnerable spot at one edge. Taking aim, the he directs a full assault at a protruding lower corner of the grate.
The enclosed space illuminates brightly, as the destructive energy bites into the alien metal. Smoke rises, as metal flows, creating a pool of molten steel. Releasing the trigger, he inspects the still-glowing results of his effort.
“Well, that corner is toast, but the power-reserves are down to 25%. We’ll need another laser if we’re going to break through.” He states emphatically, knowing it’s not good for the rifle-battery to discharge much further. Without a true emergency, he daren’t inflict damage to the lifesaving tool.
“Well, it won’t be long before Omari and Talia get here.” Nyla reminds. “Plus, we still have my rifle up there. We’ll just have to wait.” She and Wil resign; sitting once again on the smooth vent surface, allowing circuits to cool.
“At least we know the material isn’t indestructible.” He kicks the barrier frustratingly, wishing it would yield.
As the smoke clears up and away, a voice arrives from above. “Helloooooo down there! Is anybody home? Whatever you guys are cooking, really smells terrible!” Omari’s distinct charm comes through loud and clear.
“Helloooooo up there!” Nyla calls back, excitedly. “Yes, we’re home! Thanks for visiting! We’re cooking something wonderful! Switch to the radio!”
The entire gang is topside. The forest surrounding the rabbit-hole is illuminated brightly by a gaggle of flashlights. And now there’s now three new members to the party. Omari keys his radio. “Guess who arrived at camp shortly after you left.”
“I couldn’t guess in a million years, Omari. Spill the beans!” Wil isn’t in the mood for guessing games.
“Well, in that case mister trapped-in-a-hole, I’ll just tell you.... Raznalli came into camp with Razzi and Surri. They followed us and became frightened when the night split open.”
Wil rolls his eyes. Although he enjoyed the Zenarawan’s company, he curses murphy’s law at being caught traipsing around in their sacred grounds. Not to mention, having them help with his and Nyla’s rescue!
“Copy that, Omari. Please, tell them we’re glad they’re here.... break it to them gently, that spirits are not at work here on the mountain. Something else is to blame.” He hopes to settle any jitters they might have on their minds about vengeful spirits.
Turning to Nyla, he inquires. “What say you to further exploration.... Now that we went and knocked on Pandora’s box, we might as well open it and see what’s inside.”
Her pretty brown eyes, brighten. He didn’t have to twist her arm. “Well, if we can get that grate off, I’d be disappointed if we didn’t take a tiny look-see.” Excitement, filling her tone.
“Good answer, sweetums.” The normally cautious android praises, as he gives her a peck on the cheek, adding. “Hopefully, there’s nobody home.” Then, calling topside. “Omari, we want to explore further, but we’ve encountered a stubborn obstacle. Send a couple of lasers down here.”
“Okay, stand-by; I’ll lower them.”
Before long, another tremendous assault on the grate begins. Long bursts of brilliant destruction brings forth showers of sparks as molten steel flows from the wounded barrier! Suddenly, with a tremendous clatter, the heavy grate falls away, rumbling uncontrollably down the vent, and out of sight! The sound of its final crash reverberates from the dark abyss!
“Well, if that didn’t wake the natives, they must either be dead, or not at home.” Nyla jokes, nervously.
“I’ll say! By all the stars and moons, that thing sure made a racket!” Wil laughs hard, mirroring his partners concern. Gathering focus, he radios topside. “Omari, we’re through the barrier. Did you bring all the climbing equipment? Or just the ropes; over.”
“We have it all, right here.” Omari answers. “What’s the plan? Do you want the kids down there too? Is it safe?”
“Well, if we don’t want a mutiny on our hands, I’d say it’s safe enough!” He replies with a chuckle. Above, the night is shattered once again. This time, by excited young humans!
Braxton is first to descend into the abyss. With eyes wide, he disconnects from the rope. Shinning his flashlight further into the vent-shaft, he gives a whistle of appreciation at the depths of which they’ll go, to learn more.
Soon, even Raznalli and cubs are at the bottom, hair bristling on the knaps of their necks! Then finally, Omari and Talia make the descent, arriving with wonderment flowing from their circuits.
The vent continues into the mountain. It’s a steep, slippery slide as climbers descend. Flashlights illuminate a heavily dented vent-shaft where the ballistic grate had its way. Beyond that, the steepness becomes less, with what appears to be an endpoint, not too far down.
Arriving at the bottom, Wil is relieved to see that the runaway grate had hit and damaged a final barrier. With a powerful kick, the strong android breaks the remaining vestiges of the final obstacle and enters a large room within a strange compound.
There’s a ghostly hum about the place, as if off in the distance, something powerful is hard at work. Into this first chamber, people emerge with relief of being free of the confining air-vent.
The room they enter, has a feel of utility about it. Metal air-ducts run along the walls, connecting to a massive steel box, which then leads into the larger exhaust-vent they had just traversed.
Nyla moves to the steel box. It’s twice as tall as she. A small panel on the side, begs her curiosity, so she reaches and pulls. The inspection panel opens with protest from rusty hinges. Shining her flashlight inside, she recognizes what can only be an air-handler motor, with circular squirrel-cage-type fan-assembly attached.
“This must be an air-pump.” Nyla supposes accurately, glancing around at the ducting and machinery. No sooner did those words come out of her mouth, but the 5-foot-diameter squirrel-cage begins turning! Wind within the box increases dramatically, sucking the panel shut with a slam! Noise levels fly off the chart!
Soon the room is a wild tempest! Massive amounts of stale air are sucked into the machinery! Amy, Tina and Shirley are last to climb from the vent, almost not making it, before being sucked back inside and tossed into the forest above. Or worse!
With the help of four strong androids, the group of shaken biologics, finds refuge beyond the hurricane-like compartment. Into a dark void they enter. Huddling against the storm in another room. The ground rumbles, stale air flows past, entering the low-pressure zone of the storm.
Wil braves a glance back into the utility room and sees the cause of the vibrating mountain. Or at least part of the cause. The air-box vibrates violently, bouncing against bedrock as shock-absorbers had long-ago deteriorated to dust.
He surmises that within the great beast, unbalanced fan-blades are accessories to the mayhem, as together they try to shake the assembly to pieces! In the distance, he hears similar assaults against the bedrock, and realizes the possible immensity of the place.
Turning back to the wide-eyed group, he yells over the wind noise. “Well, I think I know what’s causing the mountain to rumble! There’s probably more of these air-circulation rooms throughout the place!”
At the thought of there being more to the place, everyone looks into the gloom. Androids activate night vision, gasping at what they see. The humans and Zenarawan’s not so much, as the thick darkness is only punctuated by islands of very tiny lights in the far distance. Lights that don’t illuminate much of anything near them, just teasing the strained eyes.
With wide eyes and fur standing on end, the trio of Zenarawan explorers, huddle with their human and android friends. The experience is tattooed in their memories, like so much bad ink! Strong medicine, roars in their furry ears! Foul breath from a nasty beast, corrupts their sensitive sniffers! They’re sure that soon the ground will tire of shaking, and open its hungry maw, swallowing them.... bones and all!
Fortress of bent physics
Wind rages! Vibrations rock the darkness; seemingly without end! The tempest in the utility-room is dampened somewhat, when Wil and Omari push the rusty hatch closed. Strong winds fight them all the way!
Wil, wonders where the air is coming in from, while Omari is overwhelmed by the strangeness of it all. His life is accustomed to the quiet confines of a science laboratory. Now, he and Talia are neck-deep in trouble, inside the damp bowels of an alien world!
Wishing he had the worldly experiences of his two friends, he pushes anxiety to the side. It pushes back harder; ruling the darkness! Switching on night vision, he turns to face the next challenge.
Nyla and Talia stand off to the side, surveying their new surroundings. The stone-walled compartment is darkened, even with night vision. Almost as if the very nature of the place, sucks any detectable light out of the room!
Hunkered down next to them, are the wide-eyed biologics. Their earlier cockiness muted after nearly being caught in the wind tunnel. In the distance, tiny lights illuminate here and there, reminding of creatures about to pounce.
To Jax, unspeakable demons are gathering forces! Organizing a good haunting and clawing! At any moment, they’ll attack and eat his heart and soul!
Flashlights break the gloom, shining this way and that. Razzi and Surri stay close to papa. Still plenty of darkness, Jax thinks, as he follows Nyla and Talia.
The nearest galaxy of tiny lights, weakly illuminates their immediate vicinity. Moving closer, Nyla sees that they’re background lights on what appears to be control-consoles of some kind.
The lighted dials, gages and switches, stand ready for an absentee controller that never arrives anymore. What kind of controller, she ponders. What kind of beings would desire to live underground, and not with the living, up above in the forest and sky.
The seats are so tiny, causing her to feel like a giant in comparison! Perhaps Raznalli, or even one of her own kids, would fit nicely into one. Running her fingers across the surface of the workstation, she comes away with a healthy dust-bunny.
She relaxes, realizing the owners must be away from home. Away from home for a very long time, she surmises correctly! Above; security-sensors trip, sending silent alarm!
“Hey Braxton, over here.” Nyla calls.
The boy arrives with Kara at his side and entourage following. The headband-eleven become very interested with the console. They fall silent in hypnosis-like wonder, as they ponder this and that. If not for the racket in the utility room, a person could have heard an atom drop!
Nyla and Talia, notice the trance-like look in their eyes as they ponder the hieroglyphic-style writings, which are plastered all over the workstation. Many, stare with heads tilted, like a dog that thinks it might understand something.
Icy chills run through Nyla’s circuits. It’s an eerie feeling, seeing her little darlings grabbed in such a way! Reaching, she tugs Braxton’s shirtsleeve. “What is it?” She whispers softly, hoping to not ruin the moment. “What do you see?”
This second question seems to break the spell. With blinking eyes, the young man comes back from wherever he was. “Well, I can’t really explain it, Nyla, but I’m pretty sure I know how to shut down the ventilation system in this place. I think I can read these chicken scratches.”
“Yeah, me too!” Magnus informs proudly. The others; still working it out in their minds.
“Do you think this has anything to do with the headband?” Mom inquires, bewilderment aplenty.
Braxton chuckles.... his mind now at ease. “Well, either that, or there really are spirits at work here!” He laughs at the look on Jax’s face as the brother goes pale.
“Well, we don’t yet know for sure, if you understand anything.” Looking at the panel, she inquires. “Which buttons and or switches do you think controls the air-handlers?” She puts him on the spot.
In unison, Braxton and Magnus point to the exact same sector of dials and buttons. Nyla is shocked! They just might be on to something she thinks! “That’s the controls there, Nyla.... No foolin.” Braxton informs with cosmic pride.
“Okay, young man. Please do the honors then and shut down that infernal machine. It’s driving me out of my circuits!” She puts hands over her ears, humorously mocking the noise.
Wil and Omari arrive just in time to see the amazing Braxton at work.
It’s a genuine moment for the androids, when they realize that humanity may never be the same, now that Pandora’s box has truly been opened!
Then, with a few careful movements of ancient buttons and dials, Braxton takes a deep breath and pushes an execute key. Suddenly, the clamorous racket that wouldn’t shup-up, begins to wind-down! Like an angry jet engine, that just had its fuel supply cut, the racket slowly subsides and stops.
“Well, my circuits!” Nyla is stunned, as she hugs the now smug-looking lad. He beams, as if he had just solved the most mysterious of perplexing problems, in all the multiverse! He did it first and didn’t miss! Even though it’s just an air-handler, he still glows like a newborn star!
“Thanks, but not everything is so clear-cut to me. Parts of the console don’t mean anything to me, even though I can read the writing.... Hey, at least it’s quiet in here now!”
The compatment is packed with control consoles. Cooper finds her moment in the sun by learning to operate the main lighting system. Her discovery is a big hit, putting her on par with Braxton’s magnificent feat. Now, flashlight batteries can be conserved, which might prove to be a lifesaver before too long.
Everyone is put at ease, as Nyla explains her dust-bunny theory. The guilt-trip of breaking-and-entering, diminishes greatly, as long as the place is abandoned. That, plus nobody is shooting at them yet, and that’s always a good sign!
Amy and Magnus discover a tunnel-like corridor of stone. It’s a curved passageway, leading further into the mountain. “Hey, everyone!” Amy yells softly, so’s not to wake the dead. “Over here! We’ve found something!” Just a short way along the corridor, they had opened the first hatch that comes along.
As the group arrives, she manages to duplicate Cooper’s fancy move with the lights. Within, is what appears to be a sleeping compartment for a large group of somebodies. After counting, Amy comes up with 30-bunkbeds, all empty and made-up pretty as you please.
As with the seats before, these beds are rather diminutive. They’re stacked three high, with two rows extending into the depths of the room. Above, security-sensors trip, sending silent alarm!
“Well, we’ve found where the troops sleep.” Amy surmises correctly. Reaching, she fluffs a pillow, receiving more fluff than bargained for! Disintegrating into a cloud of dust, she wafts it away! “Eeeewwwwww!” She yells, clapping dust from her hands and backing away shaken.
“Nice one, Amy! Fluff pillows much?” Magnus, teases without mercy. “Jeez, what technique!”
“Oh hush! Come over here, and I’ll fluff your head!” She giggles, feeling a shiver go down her spine.
The group meanders through the barracks. At the back, they come upon what can only be a hygienical compartment. Sinks and shower-tubes, wait for customers that never come anymore. A doorway next to that, leads into what seems to be a galley, or kitchen of sorts. At least it looks like a place where repast might be prepared.
Rows of dust-covered tables, with plates and utensils ready to serve, make testament to that. Cabinets at the side, are filled with what looks like food containers, but the contents have long-ago leaked out through corroded seams, and also turned to dust.
Being inside what seems to be a kitchen, brings growls to the stomachs of those who could use a bite just then; which is all the biologics!
“Hey Shirley, maybe there’s a steak in this fridge.” Max jokes, opening what looks like a refrigerator. After so much time, the fossilized foodstuffs within, no longer offer stench-molecules.
“I’m afraid the only food you’ll find in there, is a ghost-sandwich!” The girl replies smartly, getting a nice laugh from all, except for Jax, who’s still quite spooked.
“She’s right of course.” Nyla concurs. “This place hasn’t served a hot meal in a long time.
“I wonder what happened?” Ling speaks the question of the day. “Who would abandon such a fine place as this?” She adds, hoping they truly get to inherit the exciting fortress!
“In here! .... In here!” Tina calls from the next compartment. She and Adam had gotten ahead of the group. “We’ve found something else!”
Adam, sticks his head out, yelling loud enough to wake the dead. “The owners are in here! .... The owners are in here!”
Within the new compartment, rows of another kind of bed, populates the space. The cavernous room is filled with hibernation cryo-chambers. An electric-hum flows from each. They’re operational! After so many years, the life-support still has heart! Above, security-sensors trip, sending silent alarm of yet another trespass....
Jax is taken aback, wondering when the spirit-chambers are going to spring open, and release their zombie vampire-aliens to consume them.... bones and all!
He wants to run back up the vent-tube, into the relative safety of the dark forest. A chill goes down the spines of all who enter! Even the androids are shaken by the possibilities. The ramifications are frightening!
“My word!” Talia exclaims. “I hope they’re empty, like we found the other beds.”
“Well, they’re not!” Adam informs, matter of factly.... peering into one.
Those not willing to wait for a view, find other chambers to satisfy their curiosity. Nyla wipes thick dust from a window at one end, revealing a creature that takes her breath away!
Laying there as peaceful looking as you please, is a twin to the first lieutenant of the alien commander that pirated their ship many years prior! And according to her digital memory, he now has considerably more battle-scars on his warrior-like face. It’s truly a mug that only a mother could love.... but in this case.... perhaps not even then!
He lays there peacefully, yet somehow still looking quite angry, while doing so! He’s lucky that Wil gave a warning shot during the hijacking, or he would have expired long ago in deep space.
The laser-scar that Wil delivered onto his fierce face is still there, adorning like a badge of honor! Wearing a one-piece jumpsuit, the little Grey looks as if he had just fallen asleep. His leathery bulbous head, on a long spindly neck.
His eyes are closed, but almond-shaped and jet-black when opened. Dead, like doll eyes! A cute button-nose not far below, with two short slits for nostrils, and a small thin mouth with nary a lip, make for an amazing sight!
The diminutive body is covered with a blanket pulled to the armpits. Nyla’s haunting memory of the encounter with this guy, leaves her feeling chilled to the core! They had not come upon an abandoned complex after all, she realizes nervously! Instead, they’ve broken and entered into the enemy’s lair!
“I hope they don’t come out and bite us!” Jax exclaims, shivering at the thought.
“Okay everyone, listen up!” Nyla lays down the law. “Nobody pushes any buttons! For no reason, is a button to be pushed or a switch thrown! Capeesh?”
Her kids know when it’s unwise to push her buttons, so mom receives a respectful acknowledgment from the dirty dozen. Albeit a baker’s dozen....
“Amy. Does this one have a name on the data-plate?” Rattled mom inquires with dread.
The girl approaches the chamber, inspecting the squiggly lines. “Yeah. It says, Gort.”
“My circuits, what a name! .... How fitting!” The mother android rolls her eyes, moving on.
Wil lingers, gazing upon a blast from the past. It seems the defiant pirate scallywag, that nearly ruined a good boarding party....  Yup, he thinks after a good look.... that’s the guy!
Nyla’s ‘don’t touch anything’ order, didn’t translate very well with the Zenarawan’s! Raznalli makes a graceful leap, landing gently on top of the chamber, not realizing that they’re not meant for climbing on.
Sniffing the cover, he comes to the window-panel and sees Gort’s monstrous face! He springs from the perch like an electrified cat! Hissing all the way!
Rejoining his cubs, he relates that perhaps these one’s aren’t so friendly. Not like their star friends. He couldn’t get a read, but his gut tells him to be wary.
Razzi and Surri now understand.... Sniff, but don’t touch!
Suddenly, a high-pitched scream from Toby! Cooper looks inside the offending chamber, announcing. “Here’s a dead one!  Here’s a dead one!
“Grosssssss!” Toby yells.... backing away with goosebumps running rampant!
The gang crowds around. The chamber hums along like all the others, yet within its protective realm, just a line of dust extends from the neck of a flattened jumpsuit. At the end of that line, a pile of dust that was once a bulbous head.
It’s obvious that life-support went sour on the poor creature! Seals had failed their duty to keep precious gasses within. The sleeper never had a chance! .... Long ago, it had perished in peaceful slumber. Even sniffs at the seal by Razzi and Surri, brings no evidence of stench-molecules. Suddenly, Raznalli, wants no part of this room anymore! .... He hangs back with Jax.
“The poor thing!” Talia exclaims passionately.
“Hey! There’s more dead-ones over here!” Adam announces crudely.
Sure enough, there are many that didn’t make it. Not that the others truly have much chance for reanimation after such a long time, but at least they’re not dust yet!
Perhaps for them, luck might still favor. Nyla and Wil inspect the other chambers. Before long, they make a finding that only 7 of the 30 cryo-chambers have possible life within.
One of the failed chambers near the back, grabs Nyla’s attention. Within, she spies a creature turned to dust. On the upper chest of the now-flattened jumpsuit, she sees an insignia that’s been burned into her memory circuits for 175,000-years!
“By all the stars, Wil! This must be the remains of the pirate captain who sold us the headband!” Her words shock him to his core. The thought that he’s run into the little space-pirate again, is unbelievable! The insolent yet brave scallywag commander had been a worthy foe, leaving him saddened at her death, even though it happened so very long ago!
She had brazenly boarded his ship like a thief in the night, hoping to take advantage, but failing miserably. Well, perhaps not so miserably. She did get away with a nice pile of booty, in the form of gold and platinum bars.
Also, in the process she’d proven that humans are not alone in the universe, after all. Well, he ponders without mercy; what goes around, comes around. Now the shoe is on the other foot.... it’s time for the Grey’s to be invaded by aliens.... Aliens from Earth!
The young humans file past her chamber. Each, looking in upon the remains of the one who gave the headband to the human species. Tina, gazes into the high-tech coffin, noticing the lettering on the jumpsuit.
“Nyla, you might want to know that part of the insignia has her name on it. I can’t pronounce it very well, but if my life depended on it, I would say it sounds like ‘Esty’.”
Nyla offers a caring look. “Thanks, Tina. I only wish we still had a face to put with that fine name. Although, she isn’t much to look at now, she was once the most beautiful and courageous pirate I ever did meet! May Esty, rest in peace.”
With the eulogy completed, respect given, the not small group, enters back into the same curved corridor as before; continuing deeper into the mountain complex. Raznalli and Jax breathe a sigh of relief as they leave the mausoleum behind.
The mountain no longer reeks of the spirit world, but still seems haunted, just the same!
Close along in the corridor, another hatch leads into a medical department of sorts. At least the operating tables of three, speak volumes about their function.
Except, these tables are much longer than needed by the Grey’s physiology. Nyla and Wil could lay on each and have room at either end. The tables are laden with an overhead rack containing lights and a plethora of weird instruments. Above, security-sensors trip, sending silent alarm.
To Nyla, the room has a sick flavor, straight out of Dr. Josef Mengele’s handbook of tortures and demons. “Oh Wil! This place gives me the creeps! Let’s not dilly-dally in here!”
She bumps one of the many dangling blade-instruments and the damn thing bangs against its neighbors in crime, sending an evil wind-chime eulogy through the room, freezing her circuits!
She glances at a movement to the side of the room and freaks.... “Toby Sullivan!” She yells angrily. “Don’t EVEN open that cabinet!” But it’s too late, the deed had already been done.
“Sorry Nyla.... Jeez.... it’s not a button or a switch.” The young lady tries to get off the hook with a technicality. After all, it is a good technicality!
Crossing the space, Nyla comes to the point of interest. Within the cabinet, the upset android finds a familiar looking box. Pulling it out, she holds a close twin to the box that contained their own headband!
Her irritation with Toby, subsides quickly, no damage done, and perhaps something wonderful! Placing the box on the counter, she slides it over. “Please open it my dear. I believe it might contain something of interest to you.... ‘headband-eleven’.” She uses the freshly minted term, for her first time.
The indicated group gathers around. Toby delicately releases the latch on the box lid, expecting a hobgoblin to jump out and bite!
With a gentle touch, she eases the lid open with a mighty creak from an ancient hinge. Upon fully opening, they see another headband. A more delightful looking headband!
Toby, runs a curious finger along its sleek lines, admiring the silky feel. Looking to Nyla, she begs with her eyes, for permission to take it out.
“No, my dear. Not yet.” Sensing disappointment, she adds. “There’ll be plenty of time for that later. Until then, I’m placing the device into yours and Cooper’s hands for safe keeping. Under no circumstances are you to use, or allow use, without my permission. Is that crystal clear, ladies?”
She knows the young ladies are old enough for real responsibility, and guarding the box is right up their alley! Besides, when they get home, she’ll commandeer the device, until Omari can have a go with it.
“Jeez, no foolin? Thanks, Nyla. We won’t let you down!” Toby, beams with pride! While Cooper looks as if she’s just won a cosmic lottery!
As the crowd files out, Braxton makes a humungous mistake! He teasingly grabs for the box! Toby, wheels like a junkyard cat! Her pent-up emotions have her wound tighter than an eight-day-clock!
In one fluid motion; she tosses the precious item to Cooper, grabs hold of Braxton’s thumb and bends it against the grain! Well.... down he goes!
With face in the dust, writhing in pain and mortification, he begs for mercy, where there is none! Toby stands with one foot on his back, and a Kung-Fu grip on his vertically held arm! All the while, applying just the right amount of excruciating force to keep him obedient.
The foolish young man is trapped! To fight, is to get a broken thumb or dislocated wrist. To submit, is to never live it down amongst his peers! The pain is sooooooo unrelenting!
There’s only one way out of this situation without needing a cast. “Uncle! Uncle! Uncle!” The tortured alpha-male screams maniacally. His wounded pride is lost and forgotten.
“Uncle! Uncle! Uncle!” He yells again, knowing Toby would require more than one outburst. She eases pressure but forces him lay there completely mortified in front of the others.
He’s been in this situation with Toby and Cooper before, so nobody’s surprised at his foolishness. He might be stronger than either of the girls, but they’re faster. If they get the upper hand.... game over!
“If you ever try that again Mister Braxton Crane.... I’ll karate chop you, like you’ve never been karate chopped!” She yells, releasing the fool’s arm.
He rolls on the floor, rubbing his tortured appendages. He knows that when Toby chops somebody, they stay chopped for a long time! He wants nothing of that, this day!
Cooper finds a modicum of pity for the writhing idiot. As she passes, she bends and scoops him back onto his feet; brushing vicious dust devils from his jumpsuit.
“When will you learn Brax.... When will you learn?” She laughs, escorting him into the corridor with pats on the back for trying.
He’s not sure if his arm will ever be the same. Toby is deadly.... like nitroglycerin, she ought never be trifled with! Nyla smiles inwardly, knowing she had made a good choice, when she delegated responsibility to the headstrong girls.
Electronic aliens and flying saucers!
Traveling the curved corridor, they soon come upon a locked door. It’s a sturdy piece of hardware. As Wil ponders using the laser for persuasion, Max gives the control-panel the crook-eye.
“Might I try my luck first?” He knows better than to just start pushing buttons, violating Nyla’s directive.
Wil is relieved to have the young scientist make an effort, and surprised when there comes a loud clank as an electromagnet releases the door. With a tiny push, it opens invitingly, if not a little creakily.
Max beams with pride, as Shirley moves past, patting his face congratulatorily “Thanks Max! How gentlemanly of you!” She exclaims boldly, finding the light controls. High above, security-sensors trip, sending silent alarm!
Within the compartment, several cloth-covered racks stand next to maintenance-type work benches. Max reaches to remove the covering, but it crumbles in his hands, revealing a row of what looks like weapons.
Long-guns, handguns, and several strange devices have prominent places upon the rack. All plugged into a power-source, and seemingly ready for action. Action that hasn’t come in many a long millennium perhaps. The crowd goes wild!
“I’ve died and gone to heaven!” Wil exclaims wildly. He’s naturally drawn to the handguns. Humanity hadn’t yet designed an efficient power-source for such diminutive weapons, so he had nothing like it.
Pulling one from the rack, it disconnects from the charging-harness with a chirp. It’s a sleek, fine looking weapon! One made for different hands perhaps, but it still feels good in his grasp! It’s a heavy, solid feeling tool.
There’re several controls on the side, along with hieroglyphic scribblings. He hopes the safety isn’t biometrically locked. Tossing the devise to Max, he inquires. “My good man, might I bother you for a translation of that squiggilty-goop?”
Max, gives the weapon the same crook-eye he gave the door panel, causing Shirley to roll with laughter. Soon, the young scientist regains composure, pointing at the weapon.
“Well, this is the most important control.... it’s the safety. Right now, the safety is on.” Then pointing to another. “This is the power-setting I believe. Now, I’m not exactly sure, but it probably goes from burnt-toast, to ludicrously disintegrated.” He laughs deviously, adding....
“You’ll find that out later I’m sure, but for now it’s set to burnt-toast, I think. Finally, this one is the on/off switch. It’s now set to off.”
“What about biometrics, my boy,” Wil, inquires. “do you think it uses that?”
“I don’t think so. It seems to be a point and shoot kind of thing. Oh, and this is the business end.” He teases condescendingly, pointing to the barrel end what protrudes from a series of circular cooling fins.
“Now, pops.... Don’t play with it indoors, you’ll shoot your eye out!” Everyone laughs, not believing the lad actually got to say that to an adult! Things are changing, thinks the dirty dozen; albeit a baker’s dozen!
 For his efforts, the young man receives praise from his siblings, and a warm hug from Shirley! Not bad for a moments work, thinks he!
Wil is pleased. “Now, that’s some meaningful information! Thanks, Max!” He wants to let it rip so badly, his circuits ache! However, he daren’t use it indoors after such a fine directive from his son. Besides, if Max didn’t scold him for doing so, Nyla surely would!
Placing it in his waist band for future reference, he watches Nyla shamelessly palm one too, compounding his interstellar felony. Above, security-sensors are hard at work, sending warning!
“Oh, what the heck,” Nyla informs. “I’m taking a rifle too!”
Wil wasn’t planning to take one of those yet but feels the need to monkey Nyla’s greed “In for an atom, in for a molecule; I always say.” Grabbing a rifle, he enjoys the hefty weight.
“We’re already up to our necks with crimes here.” Omari warns, nervously. “So, let’s not get caught!”
“Here. Here. I’ll second that.” Talia inputs her two-cents-worth, worried like never before. Breaking and entering was bad enough, but now their actions have morphed onto a darker path. Someday, the fiddler might come calling, and the payment will be high!
“When do we get to help ourselves?” Jax, inquires greedily.
“When the sun freezes, my boy.” Wil, retorts wisely. “When the sun freezes.” He repeats, ruffling the lad’s thick hair, adding. “Someday soon Jax, I promise. Just not this day.”
Without further ado, the group exits the hurt-locker and continues along the curved corridor. Soon, they come upon a sliding door that resists movement. Putting their backs into it, the androids pull the door screechingly along a corroded track.
A great hiss of air forms a tempest all around, as if the place had been hermetically sealed and positively pressurized. The new room is dark and seemingly huge, as the voices of the many, echoes within a cavernous void. They enter on faith that nothing will jump out and bite while they look for the light switch.
Above, and all around, multiple security-sensors send silent alarms!
When the lights finally come on, they’re hit in the face with such a glorious site! Speech falls to the wayside, you could hear it hit the floor! Raznalli and cubs, flinch from the mental shock-tsunami that floods their brains! Such a primal emotion they’ve never sensed! Disconnecting from the esp-grid, they observe a cosmic lust like none other!
“Oh, my atheismo!” Toby, blurts!
“Somebody pinch me!” Cooper yells excitedly.
“Ouch, god damnit Harper!” She rubs the site, not taking her eyes off the prize, less it disappears like a mirage.
“We have flying saucers!” Braxton, announces loudly, not caring if he wakes the dead.
The hanger is monstrous! Even more so, it’s simply gargantuan! A huge section of the mountain is missing! Rock is just missing, as if scooped out with a hot knife.
And snuggled within this cavernous space, sits three beautiful flying saucers!
At about 250-feet-in-diameter, with a sleek leading-edge circumnavigating at 15-feet above the floor, they truly tower over the thieves in the night!
The central dome extends another 40-feet above even that! They are much smaller than the Einstein or Newton, but if they are more than just gliders, this is going to be a game changer for humanity, and androids alike!
Sitting there waiting patiently for pilots and crew that never come anymore, they gleam as if painted with mercury. Not a speck of dust, mars their mirrored surfaces. Many a shielded eye, as the strong lights from above, reflect painfully.
“They’re beautiful! .... Absolutely beautiful!” Kara exclaims, tears of joy forming.
“This place just keeps on giving!” Magnus exclaims the obvious, a common thought that has already gone viral through the minds of the many earthlings. The Zenarawan’s, not so much. Everything to them is still like magic. They understand not, the ramifications....
Regaining composure, the group approaches, being careful to not wreck the dream. To not cause any reason for the find of a lifetime to evaporate like a cosmic mirage!
As they get closer, vibrations of pure power can be felt coming from the nearest. It’s an eerie, otherworldly force, easily associated with the worst nightmares. The warning is palatable and very clear. Anyone venturing too close, without knowing their p’s and q’s, will suffer a horrible wrath of destruction!
“Don’t touch!” Nyla yells another directive to the kids. “We don’t understand these things yet, so just don’t touch!” Silence rules the next long moments. Everyone stares in wonderment, gazing up at the incredible machines.... imaginations go wild!
Nyla ponders the airfoil shape, so clean and efficient. Deep in her circuits, she suspects the sexily curved surfaces, don’t recognize the laws of aerodynamics that Bernoulli loves so dearly. He will find little purchase on these beauties, she thinks!
Somehow, she ponders, these ships will use another method of propulsion. One that exceeds anything humanity could conjure up in a million-years! Whoever had engineered such a perfectly shaped object, such a gem, truly had artistic tendencies, deep in their hearts! .... She swoons!
“Raznalli, Razzi, Surri,” Braxton, reaches into their minds, “these are birds, but not birds. They can fly away from this world, and to the stars.” Three sets of big brown eyes grow bigger! They’re getting way more than they bargained for, when first they decided to shadow the star people!
Razzi responds, amazement written on his face. “A bird, yet not a bird. A thing that lives yet is not alive.... My friend from the stars, we are honored this day. It is plain to see that great medicine exists under this mountain.... not spirits.”
Surri, adds. “Our people will not believe such stories of this great magic, but the night-fires will burn them into legends!”
Talia and Omari are totally dumbstruck. “I can’t believe my circuits!” Talia exclaims.
“Well now. This is bound to be a game changer! And we’ve achieved a new record too!” Omari postulates dubiously. “It only took minutes for us to graduate from stealing firearms, to grand-cosmic-theft of flying saucers!”
“Oh my!” Talia adds a flavor of dread to their new profession.
“We’ve not yet stole anything, doctors.” Nyla defends with an un-truth. “We’re only borrowing. We’ll leave a note.” She says with a devious giggle.
“Okay. Well that’s certainly a little better.” Talia relaxes at hearing the fib.
Wil approaches closer, examining the spacecraft that waits patiently for crew. “I don’t see any breaks in the hull.” He’s totally fascinated, moving along its perimeter. “Whoever built this wondrous ship, forgot to put in a door!”
“There’s simply too much for us to understand without assistance.” Max inputs.
Talia wonders aloud. “Who’ll show us the way? How will we ever be able to understand? We’re dimwits in the presence of greatness!” Her voice, sounding hopeless again.
“Oh now, I wouldn’t go so far as to think us dimwits, Talia.” Wil defends their honor. “It seems we’ve been doing pretty good so far. I think the only barrier for us, is time. With enough time, understanding will surely come.” He gets looks of approval from his companions.
“Yeah, and who knows,” Toby holds up the box, “perhaps this headband will show us the way!” She prances victoriously, holding the box above her head like a crown. “I feel it working already!” She yells, and laughter echoes through the immense cavern.
Talia’s mood is lifted, while within the box, hidden from site, lights on the headband flicker at the close proximity to the mind of a new student!
Max clears his throat, grabbing attention. “Wil, if you think it’s weird not finding a door on the saucers, you might be shocked to see that there doesn’t seem to be hanger doors either!” The observant young man exclaims. And he’s correct too, as all around, the seamless rock rules!
“My boy, you sure found us a conundrum this time!” Wil praises, scratching his titanium head. “Something about this place just reeks of bent-physics, don’t you think?”
“Lots of questions.... few answers.” Is all the young man can say. Wonderment cascading through his mind, as with all the others.
Making their way around the first saucer, they head to the far side of the hanger where the corridor is suspected to continue. Passing the other ships, they seem as twins to the first, with one exception....
“Well, it seems the Grey’s couldn’t invent flying saucers that don’t need maintenance!” Wil, ponders aloud, as he bends to inspect the saucer.
The heavy disk is supported by anti-gravity jacks, while one of its landing gears has been removed. It lays off to the side, discarded unceremoniously. Alien mechanics had started a job, but for some reason, didn’t complete the task.
Nearby, an open container holds what appears to be a replacement leg for the proud flying machine. She waits for mechanics, who seem to be on permanent break!
“Another thing,” Omari notices, “this one has no hum. It’s lifeless....”
“Yes doctor. Good diagnosis, on a moment’s notice.” Nyla praises, having also felt the lack of power. “Well, perhaps with time, we’ll breathe new life into her.” She prophesizes, feeling sorry for the handicapped ship.
The group finds that the curved corridor actually does continue from the far side of the hanger. “If my calculations are correct, we’re following a perfect circumference.” Wil announces what others had already suspected. “I figure we’re two-thirds the way around this place. Soon, we might just arrive back where we started.”
“Well, that suits me just fine.” Omari, states matter of factly. “My power-cells are running low. I just got a warning.... I’ve never had a warning before!” A fearful tone speaks volumes.
“Yeah, me too.” Nyla announces. “I didn’t say anything, but I’m down to 75%.”
“We’ll be okay.” Wil reassures without truly knowing.
Soon, the group comes upon a dilapidated door, barely hanging by one hinge. Pushing it aside, it breaks off and clatters to the floor. Wil gazes into an eerie circular cavern. A blueish light and hypnotic hum, flow from within.
It’s too tempting to pass. Control consoles pepper the walls of the space. In the center of the compartment is a circular railing, protecting a deep hole that’s been drilled into the bedrock. Above, security-sensors send silent alarm.... but no aliens seem to care!
Approaching the railing, they gaze into the bowels of the mountain! The wide borehole resembles a well; extending deeply. Perhaps on the order of 500-feet, deeply!
At the bottom, sits a bulky contraption bathed in a shimmering blue haze. A smell of ozone permeates the area. A deep pulsating-hum pounds their ears, as heat rises from the hellhole.
Such close proximity to the beast below, causes hair to stand on end! The air is electrified, causing great angst among the Zenarawan’s, who’re now displaying chia-pet features!
“Okay.... So, it seems we’ve found the reactor that’s keeping this place alive.” Wil surmises.
Looking at a nearby control console, he wonders if the kids might make any sense of it. “Does anyone understand anything on that console, without pushing any buttons?”
Long moments pass. Braxton seems confounded, as do the others. “There’s phrases that seem familiar, but this is way over our heads.” Disappointing words to the androids.
“Well, that’s okay, Brax.... I was just hoping that perhaps someone might be able to tweak the power-regulation system. It would be nice to minimize the disturbances at the surface.”
The boy looks devastated by his lack of knowledge, all cockiness gone. “I might be able to solve the problem.... or I might crack the planet in half. It’s a 50/50 shot at this point.” He offers honest assessment, lowering his head sadly. 
Toby clears her throat, jiggingly holding up her precious box. “Maybe this will help someday!”
“We’ll see, young lady. We’ll see....” Nyla cautions, suspecting the young woman speaks the truth. “This place has probably been dumping surplus juice for a long time. A little longer won’t hurt. We’ll figure it out, one way or the other.”
“Or die trying?” Talia, smartassingly inquires, receiving a look for an answer.
Exiting the power-cavern, they continue along the curvature in the rock, hoping to come back to where they started. The surfaces of the corridor, and that of all other compartments, is smooth to the touch.
Nyla surmises correctly, that the cavernous facility was not chipped out with physical tools, but rather some form of concentrated energy was used to win the day. Eating the rock by disintegration perhaps.
Soon, another hatch confronts them. This one a shiny spiral. The controls confound the headband-eleven, but they continue trying anyway.
Just as Omari and Talia’s growing impatience reaches fevered pitch, the hatch spirals open with just a hint of complaint. Dust, flies in all directions, making everyone waft a hand as they pass.
Above, security-sensors record the violation but don’t need to send alarm. Because this compartment is where all alarms end up anyway!
Like a freshly opened Egyptian tomb, they trespass into the unknown. As main lighting illuminates the room, the weary trespassers see rows of what looks like computer equipment, and possibly, data-storage devices too.
Thousands of tiny lights, blink as they work, oblivious of the strangers who prowl. This room is very clean like the hanger, no tell-tale hints of dust buildup.
“Finally!” Wil announces gleefully. “We’ve found the brains of the place!”
“Wow, I’ll say!” A disembodied voice, agrees.
“And then some!” Nyla adds happily.
Moving through the clean room, the kids inspect as much of the hieroglyphics as possible. The androids, as always, take everything in, storing it for future reference. Just when it seems like they’ve garnered as much information as they could during such a short visit, Tina spots a familiar marking on a rack of shoe-box-sized devices.
“Hey, over here!” she calls the others to her remote location at the back of the room. “How strange....” She squints at the label once more, just to be sure. “This box has a label with Esty’s name on it.”
Nyla moves closer, excitement growing! She scans the label, finding the familiar markings of the little pirate’s name. “Well, my circuits! By all the stars and moons! That’s her name all right! What’s going on here?”
Her head, tilts puppy-fashion. Her CPU skips a beat, as it searches for comprehension of the possibilities. Her greatest hope, a gossamer wish, that might evaporate if she dares it to be true!
Talia finds her voice after the shock of realization. “My circuits, Nyla! I think we’re looking at Esty’s digital storage platform! Somehow, these little Grey’s have found a way to copy and store something of the person’s life. It might be just video, or perhaps something more!
Omari, cuts in. “I see familiar markings on many of the boxes. I think there’s one here for every creature within the cryo-chamber room!” He fans the flames of imagination.
Wil, puts fingers to temples rubbingly, sensing an electronic migraine is about to strike! “So.... am I to believe that we might not have seen the last of our little pirate friend? Oh, this day just keeps getting better!” He jokes dreadfully yet hoping for a good outcome.
“Oh, now Wil, don’t be like that.” Nyla scolds. “She seemed like a pretty good joe, to me!”
“Yeah.” He agrees. “Except for that small part where she tried to commandeer our ship!”
The group has a great laugh! .... Even Wil joins, after a fashion. The day had been so filled with new things, so much anxiety! He had unwittingly let his patience wear thin. If they can learn something useful from whatever’s in that box, it can only be a good thing, he relents.
“What can we do today?” Max wonders, aloud. “These boxes might be accessible, but we’re not equipped to handle that now.”
“You’re right of course.” Omari, states emphatically. “We’ll have to come back. I mean, there’s so much to come back for! This might as well be added to the list of felonies!”
As the group files out, Nyla pats Esty’s little black box reassuringly. Leaning in, she whispers.... “Don’t go anywhere, my little friend! .... I’ll be back!
Within the little boxes, security-warnings rage! The closest such warning yet, came from this very room! Each freshly invaded section of the facility sends new warnings of violation!
This is the eighth such alarm this day! Not including the sensors along the corridor!  What can be done?! .... What can be done?! .... The intelligences within, desperately seek answers!
Trapped! .... Helpless! .... A solution to the dilemma must be found! .... Instruction for animation have been sent to the hibernation-chambers; all to no avail! Emergency transmissions, sent to home-worlds, but they are far away!
Frustration! .... Agitation! .... Electrons bounce angrily off the walls, yet the boxes do not vibrate! The greatest of all emotions explodes from within, yet the room remains silent!
Ones and zeroes! .... Ones and zeroes! .... There’s not too much ones and zeroes can do, without physical animation!
Electronic Esty, stuffed in a box!
The sun rises, creating a beautiful day on Oberon Prime. Birds, sing their joyous tunes as they flitter this way and that, crossing the dirt path that two androids travel. Nyla and Wil have seen the kids off to school, so now there’s time to visit the elevator-anchorage site.
At five miles away, it’s a nice hike for the fully charged robots. For the last several days since getting back from the mountain, the sky has been periodically illuminated as the Tesla’s lasers hit the planet from above.
A three-year-old message has just arrived from Titania Alpha, informing that their elevator is up and running. Scientist at that planet have long-been enjoying a view from above while performing stellar research in a micro-gravity environment.
Also, word has recently been transmitted to Titania Alpha of the discoveries within the mountain, but that signal won’t be received for another three years! The speed of light seems so fast.... yet it’s actually excruciatingly slow, when compared to the great void that is our universe!
“What a beautiful day, Wil!” Nyla exclaims gleefully. “It’s so good to be alive!”
Wil, nearly misses her upbeat mood as he walks along, preoccupied with picking prickly seedpods off his jumpsuit. “Oh yes.... yes, it is my dear.... a wonderful day, indeed.” He mumbles absentmindedly, fully engrossed with extracting one of the more tenacious thorns.
Nyla, stops in her tracks, causing the distracted android to plow into her. “Jeez Wil. Walk much?” She laughs, knowing how he likes to stay neat. “Okay mister romantic. Turn around and I’ll groom you, like the monkey you are.” Another laugh, rolls into the hills.
“Sorry Nyla.” The tall handsome-one responds, as he turns his thorn covered back to her. “It really is a good day to be alive, and I can’t think of anybody I would rather do it with, than you.” Proving he actually was listening. He returns the simian favor and they continue on their way into the sunny day.
Arriving at the anchorage, they find Ella and Seth hard at work, coordinating the effort. The bedrock in a half-acre-area, looks like a pincushion that’s missing the pins. Lots of deep holes pockmark the ground at strategic locations.
Above in space, the Tesla already has the first anchorage-pin and cable, cutting the upper atmosphere. It’s an exciting time for the pioneers of Oberon Prime. Finally, after years of struggle on a new world, big changes are rapidly coming to fruition.
“Ella! .... Seth!” Nyla calls out, approaching her new friends. They have never met in person but know each other from brief video’s while the Tesla approached the planet.
“Nyla! .... Wil!” Ella, yells back. “It’s so nice to finally meet you!”
The four androids visit for only a few minutes; the schedule must be maintained. “You guys must visit our little mountain paradise, when you complete your mission.” Wil, offers.
“Hell, nor high water, can’t keep us away!” Ella, dreams of the day. “The very thought puts a fire under our cans to get this job done ahead of schedule!” She quips, as her radio chirps to life, bringing her back on task.
Backing away, the visiting duo finds an out of the way spot where they can watch the events unfold. Luckily, the Tesla brought enough able-bodied androids, that need of volunteers from the villages, is greatly minimized.
Most everyone not building the elevator, is busy with day to day efforts to raise children and put food on the table. It will only help when the crew of the Tesla is free to redirect their energies.
The mountain mystery has barely been cracked, and it will take more effort than what just a few androids and humans can produce.
As they relax and daydream, Wil notices the first pin/cable, as it descends through the clouds of the lower atmosphere. He points. “My dear, the planet’s about to be connected with space.... look!”
Nyla turns her head, squinting. She doesn’t need too squint but can’t get past her human psychological imprinting. “Oh yes! There it is!” She exclaims. The moment grips her good! Wil gets an affectionate hug, just for being there!
“My circuits! It’s like a feather floating in the wind!”
At 50-tons, the steel anchorage-pole is anything but a feather! The forces of nature on such a grand scale, treat it as such too, taking it far off course before allowing it to settle above its final destination.
The Tesla waits for the call; when it comes, extra cable is played out, allowing the pole to sink into its borehole. At just the right time, Ella engages the explosive bolts along its side, freeing the spring-loaded barbs that will lock it in place permanently. One down, thirty-nine to go, and other necessary infrastructural requirements before the elevator is up and running.
Time passes for the pioneer-aliens on Oberon Prime. The winds of fortune have increased, seemingly in their favor. Yet there doesn’t seem to be enough time in a day to accomplish parental duties and other day to day chores. Let alone, planning and organizing another visit to the mysterious mountain.
The youngsters help by behaving themselves while taking on more work than usual. They beg to be able to use the new headband, but Omari puts his foot down, until more is known. Better safe than sorry, thinks he.
Except that pressure from other parents, is mounting against him. Their kids are close to the age of 10, and a few rounds with the original headband might be just the thing, thinks they. It didn’t seem to bother the Sohn children.... and the benefits seem solid enough.
What’s good for the goose, is good for the gander, says they!
Everyone is energized at the thought of learning more about the flying saucers. They are truly the stuff of legends and fairytales! Imaginations of all, are peaked. Perhaps they can’t fly anymore.... But perhaps they can! If so.... the sky’s the limit!
For Nyla, learning more about Esty’s data-storage box, is highest on her priority list. Also, the fact that the alien complex is in great need of repairs and understanding, is not lost on anyone either.
Any spare time is spent in the habitats workshops helping Atara and Cody build the replacement shock-mounts for the ventilation system. And a laundry-list of other logistics, begs for attention too!
At the mountain, an area near an entrance is cleared of trees and leveled. A landing-pad now scars the forest floor. Small helicopters brought from Earth, ferry supplies to the mountain as they come available.
Things like food and medical supplies for the humans, and recharging stations for the android palate, are some of the many categories of logistics.
Time passes.... More supplies are organized and moved into position. After six long-months, the next exploration mission to the mountain arrives! It begins with several flights an hour, transporting the dirty-dozen and androids to the mountain, three at a time.
After such a lengthy time without ventilation, the abyssal depths are rank with humidity, but breathable. The gang congregates inside the first of many air-ventilation-rooms. Their demeaner is different than last time.
Seemingly, older and wiser now that Omari has begun trickling the use of the new headband. Without any outward appearance of abnormalities, unless you ask Jax, they get straight down to business, bypassing any notable hijinks.
Removing and replacing the air-box shock-mounts is serious business and is treated as such. Cody, Atara, Toby and Cooper focus on getting the ventilation system up and running again.
The next compartment over from the air-vent room, will be their living quarters. The place is stripped of anything crumbled with age and replaced with new items. Mattresses, linen, bathroom toiletries; things like that. The previous tenants were short of stature, so the bedframes will fit the youngsters for a couple of years.
Everyone pitches in and turns to. Vacuum cleaners go wild! .... cosmic dust-bunnies run for their very lives! Only to be corralled and unceremoniously relocated. The kitchen next door is cleaned and stocked with fresh food stuffs. The place starts to feel less like an appropriated alien base, and more like home!
As the youngster’s toil, Nyla takes a moment to reflect on Esty. The audacious and brave alien that so desperately pirated her ship, deserves to be known. She may have pirated to survive. She may have pirated just for fun.... who knows?
Whatever the motivation, she may have enhanced the human condition in incalculable ways during that fateful raid. Ways, that might one day come back and bite her in the ass. Or, possibly help.... it’s too early to tell....
The meager few kilos of gold and platinum she looted, couldn’t possibly have been worth the effort. Nyla makes a pact with herself then and there. She’ll try her best to make it understood, that Esty’s life mattered! Perhaps a tiny shrine, incorporating any video the poor creature may have left in the data-storage device. Something!
“A penny for your thoughts.” Wil, arrives at her side, brushing dust from his jumpsuit.
Nyla gathers her equipment. “Wil, I can’t wait any longer. Let’s go to the electronics compartment and see what we can see of poor, poor Esty. We’ll take Max and Shirley with.”
“By your command, my lady!” Comes a pseudo-joyous response with gentlemanly bow. Wil had dreaded another visit to that compartment but knows deep in his circuits that Nyla’s curiosity about the little Grey couldn’t be put off for long. The tall android receives a peck on the cheek for just being within range!
Gathering Max and Shirley, they’re off to see what they can see....
The electronics compartment is so cold! .... Like a crypt, it is! Humidity is kept at bay by a well-designed door seal. Four earthlings make their way past rows of blinking lights as they approach Esty’s little box.
Setting up a workbench, Nyla spreads out the computer equipment she had brought. Like any operating table, she had left room for the patient. In this case, a shoebox-sized container of data, or whatever might be within.
Nyla often wonders what happened to such a proud people as the Grey’s, who frequented the place during better times. She ponders their demise. No pathogens, or other worrisome bugs had been detected within the facility, so the mystery deepens. She’ll get to the bottom of things, if it’s the last thing she does!
After examining the front-face of the box, it quickly becomes obvious that there are no data-ports there. They’ll have to dig deeper to access anything within. The boxes all have individual release mechanisms, but without understanding the setup, damage might occur if the box is yanked without proper electrical backup. Data viability is paramount!
“Max, help me remove the trim from around the back of the box. There might be connections there.” She requests, while reaching for her own tools.
With Shirley’s assistance, the young scientist dives into the task. Proud to be working so closely with his beloved authority-figures. Before long, they have the rack with the many boxes opened enough to see what connections lay behind. There isn’t much in the way of cables, but one is found to be actively trickling electrical current into and out of the device.
The youngsters crowd close, taking in everything Nyla does. After a delicate operation, the lovely android has spliced a menagerie of connections including video-feed, into the boxes electronic interface. She can only hope for compatibility, and not a shower of sparks!
Everywhere in this universe, electrons flow and obey the same laws of physics. Except perhaps inside a singularity. Data storage-medium may vary, but the binary makeup of the signals should be similar. Nyla can only hope the box was designed inside this universe, otherwise all bets are off.... and the shower of spark, back on!
“Well, that should do it.” She makes the last connection. Looking up from her work, she hopes her efforts won’t explode in her face!
Wil, and the two youngsters, have hopeful expressions. Whatever happens, they know she put all her knowledge into the interface between human and alien technology.
Her fingers flitter across a keyboard nervously, entering the theoretical code she had written. She finishes, except for one keystroke. The most important one! The execute keystroke!
If Esty’s little box explodes in a shower of sparks, she’ll never forgive herself. Shirley sees the pause, noticing the imperceptible shaking of the finger that hovers just above the key.
Reaching, the young lady takes Nyla’s hand, holding it tightly. “Nyla, do you mind if I do the honors?” Her caring effort brings focus back. A cloud of despair, lifts from Nyla’s circuits.
Looking back at the perceptive girl, she offers a loving smile. “My dear, I thank you.” She wins new confidence. “But I’m the one who created this mess of spaghetti. So, as they sometimes say in France.... “Les carottes sont cuites .... The carrots are cooked.... The die is cast. So, it doesn’t matter who pushes the key; the results will be the same.”
Taking her hand back, she reaches and confidently pushes the key. If Esty’s little box has a melt-down, she’ll just be the saddest android on the entire planet! She wonders belatedly, if she shouldn’t have tried her handiwork on a lesser alien’s box, first....
Electrons flow! .... No sparks go poof in her face! So far so good, she thinks! Breathing a sigh of relief, she gives Shirley a nervous smile.
A monitor flashes to life. After fine-tuning, an image arrives that seems hauntingly familiar to the anxious android. It’s an image of what appears to be a command-bridge on a spacecraft!
Amazingly, it’s more than just a simple image, as movement catches her eye. At the center of the electronic bridge, sitting high in a command chair, a diminutive Grey alien sits solemnly, a forlorn look to her countenance.
When the creature looks up, a shocked expression widens her large almond-shaped eyes. She gazes at the intruder of her prison, trying to understand the image that illuminates the main monitor in front of her.
In all her years within, she has never seen the monitor come to life! Along the Grey’s face, an ugly scar from an ancient battle becomes obvious. Nyla jerks in reaction! Shocked beyond recognition, she adjusts the video input so’s to interact, if possible.
“How can this be?” She mumbles mysteriously, fidgeting with the dials. “That’s Commander Esty!” She exclaims excitedly, waving at the video pickup. Thrilled to see her old nemesis once again, she hopes for a long video. She searches for a way to hit play....
The little Grey, monkeys Nyla’s knee-jerk reaction! Especially, after hearing her name! Her thin slit of a mouth falls open with shock! If she had a jaw, it would be laying on the deck-plating! She squints into the circular monitor which has been dormant so many long millennia.
She can’t believe her eyes! She wonders if it’s live, or Memorex! She quickly recognizes the one who peers wavingly back at her. Somehow, someway, the earthling machine-contraption had found her hiding place! Oh, what bad luck she ponders, suddenly understanding the earlier alarms.
She’s been locked within the box for untold thousands of years, and the first person she sees, is an alien robot looking back at her as if she’s a monkey in a cage! As if the universe isn’t cruel enough, she thinks venomously!
While she realizes ‘any port in a storm’, the fact that her base has been compromised by enemies, is not the kind of port she would choose!
“Is it possible that we’re looking at more than just a video from long ago?” Nyla asks, as she taps the camera lens with a fingertip, and jumps from the reaction within! How can a recording be so reactive, she wonders! Well, she didn’t have to wonder for long.... Wil comes around the table to get a better view, becoming the focal-point of the video-feed.
Esty, jumps like an electrified cat! Landing feet-first on the chairs cushion! Crouching like a cornered animal, she recognizes the tall machine that tried to ruin her life, so long ago!
This robot.... this overgrown bulldozer refused to submit to her authority! It even scoffed at the greatest deal in the universe! Then, it had the audacity to attempt a bargain for her multi-use wristband! A deal she couldn’t make then, and certainly not now!
At this electrified moment, the shocked earthlings realize they’ve not only accessed the box, but have found a living mind, held captive within! Perhaps only a virtual copy of her psyche, but that’s the most important part of any creature, really.
Somehow, Esty’s people had found a method to imprint her mind, her psychological makeup, into an electronic form. “I can’t believe my eyes!” Wil exclaims, rubbing them and looking again....  “Nope, she’s still there!”
Esty, is not only still there.... but staring back with renewed focus! She climbs down from her lofty perch, approaching the virtual camera within her digitalized prison. She and Wil, stare at each other like stubborn adversaries, before they both raise an arm in greeting.
She is trapped and mortified! .... He is flabbergasted, and equally mortified!
“Well, we shouldn’t be too surprised.” Nyla offers, looking at Wil. “After all, our circuits are imprinted with human thought and psychological processes and imbedded into artificial matrix. They also found a way. This might be their idea of insurance against the failures we saw in the cryo-chambers.”
Wil covers the microphone against any chance the little darling might understand. “Well, she’s definitely not going to like what we found there!” Truer words have never been spoken!
However, the show must soon stop, time is running out for this visit to the mountain.
Nyla asks Shirley and Max to try and communicate a message to Esty. So, after estimating their idea of the alien’s written word, Shirley sits down at the video-feed.
Esty, brightens like a newborn star at seeing the young, human female!
Instantly, she realizes this creature is biologic, and not some mechanical monster like the others! Approaching the monitor, Esty receives yet another shock, as the human holds a note to the video-feed. And it’s in her own language, no less!
She wonders if her little heart can take all the excitement! Then she remembers.... her heart is just a bunch of digital mumbo-jumbo....
The note is short, but promising. “Esty, we will try to help you. Be patient. We must go for now but will return soon.”
Esty rubs her eyes and looks again. She’s never seen an alien species write in her language. Yet, this lovely creature has somehow learned, and learned quite well! Pointing at Shirley, she gently taps her own chest with a closed fist.
“Nyla, I think she’s wondering if I have a heart!” Shirley exclaims with wonder.
“That’s exactly what she’s wondering, my dear. Please, feel free to make her day.”
Shirley offers the friendliest of smiles, monkeying the aliens move while giving an affirmative nod. For her effort, Esty gives the widest grin she can muster. Not an easy task, for an electronic-Grey!
Putting hands to her head, Esty mimics the placement of the headband she imparted to humanity for a paltry sum. Of course, she knew there could be only one answer to her inquiry, and Shirley affirms it with yet another affirmative nod.
Esty’s, hopes soar! She wonders if they’ve found the newer, updated model. Reaching, she duplicates the headband-move while holding up two fingers with a questioning tilt of her bulbous head. Shirley consults, then comes back with another note, (Yes, found but not used much yet).
Now, Esty is in seventh heaven! Floating on electrical-cloud-nine! The young human is old enough for the second device. She concentrates, and on the monitor in front of Nyla, a series of hieroglyphical symbols form. Shirley instantly understands. The message simply states; ‘use it more my child. Use it more!’
Esty, had been trapped without hope for so long, but this new revelation is like music to her circuits! She swoons!
The swoon doesn’t last very long.... As Nyla waves so-long, Esty notices Wil’s dangling arm as he stands close to the video-feed. At the end of that long mechanical contraption, she spy’s one of her people’s anti-gravity wristbands! The mechanical thief!
Her circuits rage! .... It’s probably the very one, that she so long ago refused to bargain against, she figures! Furthermore, he’s allowed it to get dirty, she squints angrily! Oh, what cruel irony has the universe bestowed upon me, she ponders cursedly!
Moments before the monitor goes blank, she sees another little something, this time in his waistband.... One of her very own hand-lasers! Is nothing sacred to these thieving machines? Cursing up a storm that would cause satin to blush if forced to repeat, she vents great rage!
Angry electrons, bounce off the walls, heating her circuits! She throws such an electronic hissy-fit! Yet, her little box doesn’t vibrate on the table.
Ones and zeroes! .... Ones and zeroes! .... what can ones and zeros do without physical animation, she realizes desperately, wishing she could reach out and throttle the scallywag! Her monitor goes dark as Nyla pulls her plug....
Soon, the anger eases. She realizes, her new task is to bravely accept fate.... The Grey genie-in-a-bottle tires of anger, concentrating again on meditation.
Willing herself to calm, she feels the familiar companion of loneliness, as it seeps back into her life once again. Although she has the ability to interact with others within the electronic-fog community, her life at the top of the hierarchy is a lonely one.
If only the mechanical-ones would reanimate her carbon body, all would be good in her world again. Only then, could she truly feel free; feel alive! .... Not locked away, like so many electrons bouncing their heated little heads off the walls of an electronic dungeon!
Perhaps, the next time she opens her eyes to the outside world, it’ll be through her real ones, she ponders hopefully. Yet the rude awakening the tall machines had kept from her is still unrealized, so the future will bring crushing realizations.
The terrible scene within her chamber, she knows not! Sometimes it’s best to ease somebody into the really bad news. Like someone sinking ever-so-slowly into a bath that’s been drawn too hotly. Seeing her and Wil, must have been shock enough, for one visit....
After securely wrapping up Esty’s little bird-nest of wires and video equipment, Nyla hooks her world up to a portable power supply.
Feeling ecstatic about the progress they made with the little Grey, Nyla lovingly nestles the storage device into her backpack. She and Esty, are going to spend a lot of time together, and most of her time is spent at the habitats. So, little-miss-Grey gets to move from her mountain stronghold, whether she likes it.... or not!
Esty’s thrill ride!
One year later, on a bright sunny day, the valley inhabitants of Oberon Prime, look up to see a wonderful cable extending into the sky for as far as one can see!
Actually, the glorious beanstalk connects with a bright star above, which is the 3-starship-counterweight in geostationary orbit.
On a seemingly gossamer cable, an elevator-car rises slowly into the wild blue yonder. Soon, it disappears, as fluffy clouds swallow it like a bug.
On this fine day, the new cable-car is lifting two androids and a friend into space. They travel at a breakneck speed of about 4-mph, with a 500-mile one-way-trip costing nearly five days! Quite a time-consuming ride to be sure!
However, this ride will be abbreviated. It’s only a recreational ride this time. A ride of celebration! To feel the weightlessness of space once again! Seeing the world at their feet, will recharge their psyches in ways that cannot be quantified accurately!
For Nyla and Wil, this day is very special. It’s the one-year anniversary, of the day they once again met-up with Esty. Albeit, in electronic form this time.
While the year went fast, much progress was made concerning communications between the alien commander and her android benefactors. Even the kids, after using the new headband more, were able to communicate with her much more efficiently.
Although their limited human voice-boxes couldn’t duplicate her clickity-clacks, she had no problem learning English with a digital mind. Also, the androids didn’t have any problems along those lines either. Using their nearly unlimited power of memory, they learned her mumbo-jumbo, real fast. Her alien language is not so alien anymore!
Still, her entire universe is limited to the confines of her little box. So, as might an electronic hermit crab, she seeks out a new container. A container with independent mobility!
She had learned the terrible news about her carbon-based body, many months prior. Long months of depression and not communicating with the outside world passed, before she gave it a rest and gave up her lengthy despondency.
Now, her little home is reaching for the stars once again, if not just for a good time! She had been kept in the dark concerning the elevator ride. So, Nyla and Wil, look forward to her response when they turn on her video-feed, high above the beautiful planet!
It’s also their first-time off planet since landing many years prior, so they’re energized to the max! They have just passed the threshold of weightlessness, 90-miles above the valley, hovering at a window, with feet floating as freely as butterflies.
“It sure feels good to take the weight off!” Nyla breathes a sigh, as the nirvana penetrates to her very core!
“Ah yes!” He responds, allowing his circuits to bathe in the glorious feeling. Leaning in, he gives her a gentle kiss on the cheek, just for being there!
Nyla regains focus, opens her backpack and extracts Esty’s little world. Placing the alien box at her side, it floats dutifully as she adjusts a few dials. She calibrates the video-feed to take full advantage of the shocking panoramic-view her friend is about to receive.
Below, and extending forever it seems, is the blue-green view of Oberon Prime! The heavily valleyed terrain of their neighborhood looks as if a giant claw had racked the land, long ago.
The sky is mostly clear, but in the distance near the horizon, a wild tempest churns a hurricane across an alien ocean.
Above, the elevators behemoth counterweight blocks the stars, looking as if it might fall on them! It grows bigger and shinier, with each passing hour. It’s piloted by a crew of four, who are half-finished with their month-long tour of duty.
“I feel so naughty, Wil.” Nyla, giggles infectiously. “We’re really pulling a fast one on old Esty.... She’s going to freak out!”
“I’ll say. Although I’m starting to get the feeling that by now, she’s getting used to our pulling her electronic leg.”
“Well, this won’t be her only shocker today,” Nyla responds, “but it might just be the prettiest.”
Reaching, she flips Esty’s switch. She and Wil hover close to the monitor, anxiously waiting for it to come to life. As it does, there sits Esty, high on her virtual command chair. She has other programs available, but she’s partial to the image of the bridge on her saucer.
She blinks cutely at her android friends, raising a long-fingered hand in greeting as always. To her, she thinks it’s just another day on the farm, another chat with her new farmer friends.
“Hello.” She uses the English she had so proudly learned. If she still had her original body, pronunciation would be impossible. “How are you doing today?”
She notices Nyla’s unusually excited face. “Ut-oh! Something’s up!” .... she correctly surmises.
Nyla is busting at the seams! She can’t help but grin from ear to shining ear! “Hello, dear Esty! You couldn’t have said truer words!” She continues beamingly. “We’re fine, thanks. We have such a surprise for you today! I can’t wait any longer, so I’m just going to show you.”
She flips another switch, and Esty’s bridge-monitor switches to the panoramic view of the incredible world below!
The electronic Grey’s eyes widen like they’ve not done in a long, long time! Leaving Nyla hoping her friend doesn’t blow a circuit! Her tiny slit of a mouth sags open, as she takes in the view and ramifications!
Standing, she approaches the large monitor, placing her hand on the screen, wondering if it were real, or Memorex! Nothing is more beautiful to a space-hardened soul, than floating on the edge of forever, above a splendid world! She swoons! Taking in the breath that got away!
A long string of excited clickity-clacks flows forth, before she recovers composure. “Oh, this is wonderful!” She blurts out, smiling so widely, her battle-scar disappears into the folds of her digital face.
“I knew this would lift your spirits!” Nyla clickity-clacks excitedly.
“Happy anniversary, Esty!” Wil wishes the little Grey. “It’s been a year to the day, since we found you. We hope you’re happier, now that you have family.” A rare sentiment from the tall-one. An act that’s been happening more and more of late.
“Yes! Happy anniversary to all of us!” Nyla offers, sincerely. “We’re so glad we found you, Esty! Our world is a better place now, because of you. I don’t mean that, just because you have fancy flying saucers and fine weapons. We really feel like you are family!”
The proud Grey has a nice laugh. After all, she did have some fancy flying saucers.... and fine weapons too! Except, from within her little box, they are of no use to her.
“Thank you, both. This is such a fine surprise. While my species version of ‘family’ is not the same as yours, I do feel sad when we’re apart.” She wipes a virtual tear, thinking it’s real.
Swooning again, she takes in the grand vista like a breath of fresh air!
“Now don’t start crying in there.” Nyla teases. “We can’t have you go and get electrocuted, before we tell you the rest of the surprises! .... The best of the surprises!” She teases.
“More? .... Better? .... I can’t imagine what can rise above this.” She braces....
“Well.... let me just be the first to tell you something wonderful!” Nyla, beams like a new-born star. “Remember when you were so sad all those long months, and wouldn’t come out of your shell?”
“How can I forget! I was double sad. I lost my body, and my command! I have only this infernal machine to keep my mind alive!” She lets out a rare and hurtful statement. The androids are partial to machines, especially sentient ones! Of course, they had never met any others....
“I’m sorry.” Esty laments. “I didn’t mean it like that. It’s just ingrained in me to dislike robots. My people have fought with them for thousands of years, as they pillaged entire planets of resources to keep their growing fleets alive.” She explains yet again, adding....
“For all that, if they’re anything like you, then perhaps they’re not such bad joe’s after all!” She laughs, loving her learned use of human parlance. The sentiment comes from the heart of her circuits, so it counts extra!
“What a nice thing to say!” Nyla forgives easily. “Well, while you were out, Wil and I got busy with the robotics engineers at the Einstein. You won’t believe what we’ve cooked up!”
The ramifications hit Esty like a ton of bricks! She daren’t look at what her imagination is forcing upon her. The very thought! To become a robot? What cruel turn of events, she thinks painfully!
“Nyla.... Wil.... are you asking me to become a machine?” She fears the answer.
“I know what you’re thinking little missy.” Wil, fake-scolds. “To be honest, we’re just getting tired of hauling your little Grey ass around all the time!” There, he ponders. That ought to put a fire under her electronic butt!
Esty, pauses to gather her electrons for the next reply. She’s going to have to bite the bullet this time and take what nature throws her way. She sure didn’t enjoy being a burden on anyone, and mobility is a big part of independence....
“I’m grateful for everything you’ve done for me, my friends. I’m honored that you’ve endeavored to make me whole once again. I would love to visit your robotics department and see what device you and your people have dreamt-up for me.” There! .... Whew! .... Not so hard after all, she realizes.
She acquiesces, with pride and honor. It’s amazing what one will accept, when one has been electronified, digitalized, homogenized, and stuffed into a little box! Possibly for all eternity, and a day!
“Oh, that’s wonderful!” Nyla expresses with true joy as she realizes she’s going to have a new sister!
“Best decision you’ve made in many thousands of years!” Wil teases, hoping she won’t kick his ass too hard when she gets her legs.... and arms.... and elbows!
Wil, manipulates the elevator controls, causing the conveyance to slow and reverse. Their elevator ride will be abbreviated. No need to travel the entire 500-miles to the counterweight. They’ve enjoyed the ride, and now it’s time to feel the gravity of the situation!
As the car enters back into the gravitational field, the counterweight above, automatically increases thrust to maintain proper cable tension. Soon, Nyla is packing Esty back into her backpack for the next surprise of the day.
As the car drops to an altitude of 75-miles above home valley, Nyla spills the beans to her little friend. “Esty, have you ever gone skydiving?” She asks expectantly.
“Skydiving? No, but it sounds foolish. Not to mention dangerous. Why would somebody dive from the sky?” Esty, speaks via earbuds within Nyla’s helmet. Her video-feed is mounted on the lovely android’s helmet, offering a first-person experience.
“Now, that’s a question you’ll be finding the answer too, very shortly! The best answer is that it’s.... beautiful!” Nyla reply’s, as she slips on her spacesuit. At 50-miles-up, the environment is not so friendly, but still thick enough to prevent meteoric friction build-up.
Falling faster than the speed of sound, will still get toasty. The skin-tight spacesuits will keep them cool and safe. She repositions Esty’s pack to her front side, so the little Grey won’t go out with the parachute. That just wouldn’t do!
Wil, equalizes the pressure inside the car, preventing a blowout when the hatch opens. “Is everybody ready? .... I mean, is every‘one’ ready? I mean, you don’t have a body yet, Esty.” He jokes with a magnificent laugh, getting an elbow from Nyzilla, who has a fine one!
“We’re ready you, big lug. First one down, is a monkey’s uncle!” She laughs, as the hatch spirals-open and the coldness of near-space, enters like a demonic entity!
Wil dives from the car first, quickly disappearing into the void as if he never was! Nyla revels in the feel of the freedom-flight, as the void swallows her and Esty without even a burp! The hatch closes automatically as the car continues ever-so-slowly-downward, unabated.
Into strong gravity, they plummet! Eyes wide, as electronic-adrenaline floods their circuits! Faster and faster they fall, yet not noticing the animated speed!
For a long while, it seems they’re simply floating above the breathtaking world, instead of falling exceedingly fast towards certain doom!
The beauty is breathtaking, as Grim Reaper tries to catch up, but fails miserably! Bernoulli, far below, laughs at the fool above who seeks only to destroy. He on the other hand, waits patiently.... knowing the androids will soon need a lift!
“Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!” Esty roars! Sitting high in her lofty command-chair, her circuits are on cloud nine! With virtual white knuckles, the little Grey comes totally unglued!
This is just what the doctor ordered! And she’s getting an overdose!
She swoons, wishing that it might never end!
After 15-minutes of exhilarating free-fall, they’ve slowed enough to pull the ripcord. With a gentle pull, violent jerk, and excruciating pop, they’re under canopy! Floating like a butterfly, hopefully not stinging like a bee!
They peacefully circle the habitats far below. It’s a gorgeous day above Oberon Prime. Silent, except for an occasional flap of nylon fabric above. A beautiful day to be in the sky! A beautiful day to be alive!
Anciently forested valley’s below stretch for as far as the eye can see!
Nyla accesses her music files, choosing some all-time favorites. The first song is one that she knows the little Grey alien has taken a shining to.
As they float gently with the alien breeze, a number playing from cosmos factory, ‘lookin out my back door’, melts their circuits!
Even after 175,000 years, the song still lights up the cosmic charts! .... Nyla sings along .... Esty, joins in! .... Life is good.... and the hits keep rolling!
Before long, the singing-duet lands as a delicate leaf on a soft breeze next to the Einstein.
As the parachute collapses with a gentle shooosh, Bernoulli knows it’s time to visit the cosmic unemployment line again!
Still, he’s totally happy to have helped prevented creepy old Grim and friends, from harvesting yet another early victim!
Fortunately, as thankless as his powers are, he knows that his efforts truly are loved, even though not outwardly so.
Often, those who require his services, only pay tiny tribute at a subconscious level, mitigating his herculean efforts. They just don’t understand the gravity of his grand assistance!
Into the soft atmosphere he zooms, where only pure physics looms! Off and away he prowls, where he feels more at home anyway!
The space-dive is just what the doctor ordered.... literally! Omari had prescribed that Esty be thrilled, her mood lifted. And did she get thrilled! She’ll replay the event in her circuits a thousand times! And, share the music with her people, if ever she gets together with any of them again.
Born-Again little alien
The beautiful sunny morning grows late. Nyla and Wil carry armloads of parachute into the commons. The dive from space left her feeling energized! She suspects the same happened for Esty, who still chatters away like the dickens in her earpiece.
Rounding a bend in the vegetation, they come upon a site that would make any mother or father wince. High up on a rope stretched tight between two trees, is Jax! He walks the rope, juggling balls, as a gaggle of neighborhood kids watch and jeer from below.
“Mister Jax Krauss!” Mother android yells with gray hairs popping-up like weeds. “You come down from there this very minute! .... Ohhhhhhh, you little scamp!”
The crowd tries to shrink away into obscurity, so as to avoid her mighty wrath. When Nyzilla the destroyer raises her voice, it’s wise to be someplace else!
“Awe jeez, Nyla! I can’t have any fun around here!” The agile young man flirts with double-triple grounding. Nyla can’t reach him up there, so he calmly finishes his walk with pride, head held high, juggling all the way!
Once on the ground, he enters into the iron-grip of authority! Lifting him off the ground by the scruff of his jumpsuit, mom yells in his face before letting him off the hook.
“Just who do you think you are, young man? .... Philippe Petit?”
“Awe jeez no, Nyla. I’ll never be as good as him. But I’m sure he would’ve approved of the coup I have planned!
“And just what kind of coup is that devious mind of yours cooking up this time?” Mom inquires, placing the lad back on the ground.
“I’m going to hang a wire between Oberon Prime and Earth.... and walk on it!” He jokes, proudly saluting the sneering crowd.
“Well now, young man.... I suppose you have 300-trillion-miles of wire just laying around? Perhaps under all the debris in your room?” She teases without mercy.
“Oh no! Nothing like that! I’m going to make it out of pure energy! I have it all planned! You’ll see!” He surprises, with his capacity for self-disillusionment. Jeers and laughs, rain in from the peanut-gallery, many holding their nose at such an odiferous scheme.
“Okay, okay young man.... Just don’t be late for dinner!” She has the last laugh, putting an arm around his shoulder.
Turning to her own brood at the front of the mischievous mob, she informs. “Listen up, you dirty dozen! We’re having a meeting in robotics as soon as you help us repack these chutes. You’ll want to see what we’ve got cooked up for your Aunt Esty.”
That got their undivided attention! They suspected something was afoot, but none had been able to get any secrets out of mom or dad. The robotics department was frequented often by their parents over the past few months, but they just couldn’t crack the code of silence.
Creating an android body for Esty, was of course foremost on the youngster’s minds. After all, it was common knowledge that the necessary equipment for android creation and development had accompanied the mission from Earth. However, the idea was muted, as a way to keep it secret from Esty. After all, kids will be kids.... and loose lips sink ships!
They didn’t wish to build false hopes. For a long time, the android-specialists weren’t even sure if they could achieve such a feat, but in the end, all obstacles melted away. A path emerged, where all of Esty’s unique problems could be addressed satisfactorily.
Now, it’s time to let the cat out of the bag.... With the parachutes repacked and stowed away, Nyla heads towards the robotics laboratory with Esty in two.
“Nyla?” A disembodied voice in her earpiece. “Is this going to hurt?”
The little Grey’s electrons, wince. Such a question for a brave soldier to ask! She scolds herself! The frightful inquiry causes Nyla to detour into the galley, where she finds a quiet table and removes her friend. Placing the little box on the table, she addresses the delicate subject.
“Well Esty, I’d be lying if I said no.... but I doubt it’ll rise above any level you’ve already met with, during your illustrious pirate career.” Nyla doesn’t hold any punches, adding. “What you’ll feel is nothing more than warming-pains, as your circuits become accustomed to the android stimulus-sensory system.”
She offers an analogy. “Esty, have you ever had your feet so cold, they hurt when you warmed them?”
“Yes.... yes, I have.” Comes a meek reply.
“Well, simply multiply that by a factor of 5, and apply it across your entire body.... It won’t be bad for very long, so that will help. I promise. In fact, I guarantee it.... or no money back!” She tries to boost Esty’s spirits, that seemed to have fallen from the lofty heights earlier.
The mother of all sighs, leaks into Nyla’s earpiece. The poor thing just can’t get used to the idea of becoming a machine! Pain or no pain, it simply went against the grain of her species to become such a monstrosity! What she hasn’t truly realized yet though, is that in her present form, she already is a machine! .... Just, one without mobility!
“I trust you, Nyla.” Self-pity filling her tone. “Thank you, for helping me.”
“You’re welcome, my dear.... Now Esty, I want you to do me a favor.”
“Anything.”
“I want you to relax and go to sleep until awakened. Don’t be scared; it’ll be okay. And when you come back, it’ll be with a new lease, on a new life!” The lovely android instructs compassionately.
“Okay, my friend.... until then.” With another world-class sigh, she’s gone....
Upon entering the robotics laboratory, Nyla finds the youngsters gathered around a diminutive gray body, suspended on scaffolding above an operating platform. It’s an image straight out of an alien autopsy scene.... minus any blood of course!
Electronic gear is all around, even hanging from the ceiling, reminding of the medical compartment in the mountain. There’s a peaceful expression on the patients non-animated face. Large, almond-shaped eyes are closed. An armored plate is missing from its mid-section, revealing a deep cavity, and upgraded cooling system.
With the absence of biologic internal organs, this area of the torso is perfect for holding Esty’s little box. Also, this location is armored against physical or electromagnetic attack. Even the earthling androids use this space to hold their main CPU.
Max, points inquiringly. “Cody? Is that where her muscle-controller goes?”
“Oh, my no, dear boy! Why, if I hooked her controller up to that, she’d do backflips instead of moving forward!” Such a laugh the poor boy receives from his merciless siblings. While if truth be known, they didn’t understand the workings either....
“Okay, okay everyone!” Atara calls. “Take a good look-see and leave us in peace.”
The gang, files solemnly past the body, staring at the strange creature, yet hoping for a successful animation. With the viewing past, they exit the laboratory. Ever-mindful of the dangers involved with melding Esty’s alien CPU with that of the android neural-interface.
Things can go horribly wrong. Worst-case scenario; Esty could lose power during the operation and be gone forever. Of course, they realize that any android could go that route. Significant power loss would be catastrophic! So, with newfound maturity, they gather quietly in their quarters, trying to behave as they’ve never done so before!
Cody, and his team, work six-hours straight. Much of that time is spent undoing Nyla’s fine knitting, when she hooked Esty’s world into the birds-nest of wires. Still, they commend her on what fine connections she had made during the field-surgery.
Another big chunk of time is spent bypassing the portable battery with that of the android power-supply. This is the most dangerous part of the mating, as far as Esty’s survivability is concerned. Taking double-dodeca care, the main electrical connections are mated with the power supplies located within her new legs.
Now, Esty’s circuits are receiving hot juice from her batteries, and without disruption of power. All breathe a sigh of relief! For all intents and purposes, even though her little box still hangs by wires outside her body, Esty is now an android! A brand-new floor model, with all the bells and whistles!
“Well, she’s now basically out of the woods.” Atara announces the successful milestone. “Let’s just hope her CPU fits where it’s supposed to fit.”
“Oh, she’ll fit alright!” Cody exclaims with pride. “I checked and double-checked the dimensions so much, I thought I was going to puke transistors!” The team rolls with needed laughter, after such a stressful operation.
Wil inherits an unwarranted hug from Nyla, just for being there! In no small measure, he also thanks his lucky stars that the little pirate made it. After all, she’s a pretty good joe, he things wistfully.
With everyone at ease, Atara locks the last cannon-plug connection, completing the final link to Esty’s many polymer-muscle groups. Pushing a wire-bundle into position, she carefully maneuvers Esty’s little box into its new home. She fits like a glove! Her little box nestles into place, just where it should, and is secured for the wild ride Esty is sure to give it!
A series of test.... A few adjustments of voltage-regulators....
Within a compartment at her lumbar region, test switches are exercised. Legs twitch, as per manufacturers specifications. Arms bend and extend, as per same demanding criteria. Hands with long fingers, grip and squeeze transducers, producing the correct amount of force. All systems seem to be performing admirably!
Soon, happy technicians are installing the armor-plated panel on Esty’s chest and performing cosmetic magic. It’s a seamless fit. Her skin texture, color and physical attributes all look as nearly real, as mother nature intended; at least outwardly so!
Hopefully, another satisfied customer, Cody thinks to himself, as he and Atara dress the new member of their community in a beautiful jumpsuit.
Esty’s first set of clothing, is a tailored jumpsuit of the fashion she admires. The color is a light terra cotta, accenting her skin-tone in astronomic fashion. She’s soon looking like the alien queen she was meant to be!
Cody reaches for the computer-pad that’ll wake Esty from her slumber. He enters a series of commands, wanting to push the final key more than anything else in the universe, but defers the action to Nyla. “My dear, would you like to start Miss Esty on her way?”
But Nyla knows how much blood sweat and tears, went into creating the miracle before her. “I would love to, Cody. But it’s not fair of me to steal your thunder. What say you, me, and Atara, co-push Esty’s little button?”
“How very gracious of you, Nyla!” Atara, beams.
As they reach, Nyla inquires of Wil. “Should I tell her you woke her with a kiss, mister prince charming?” Nyla plunges the virtual-dagger deep, not being able to control her devious nature.
“You do that, and she’ll leave this galaxy and come back with an army!” He retorts, with a mighty laugh.
Esty’s button is pushed.... sending a wake-up call to her CPU. Now, it’s just a matter of time before true results of the melding can be measured.
Everyone is anxious, even though they realize she won’t jump from the table and tap-dance. They know there’ll be a steep learning-curve for her to surmount before any real coordination sets in.
There are many nuances to operating an android body. Just plug-n-play, will not be in the cards for Esty or any new android. Unlike a wide-up toy from a mad scientist’s workshop of horrors, it will take great perseverance to go from herky-jerky to fluid-of-motion. Didn’t we all have that road to hoe at one time or another?
“Esty, can you hear me?” Atara whispers into the Grey’s tiny mechanical ear.
With imperceptible movement of lips. “Yes Atara. I can hear you but can’t see you. Am I inside my new body?”
“Yes, my dear. How do you feel?” Atara inquires, as the others crowd around.
“I feel pain coming on! .... Oh, the pain! .... It’s something I haven’t felt in a long, long time!” She yells from her new voice box, glad Nyla explained about the phenomenon earlier.
“Well, you poor dear! It’s to be expected, like I said, and won’t last long. Try not to move too much all at once. That will lessen the effect, while your CPU interfaces with your electro-polymer muscles.”
Cody leans in, asking. “Esty, you can’t see because you’ve not opened your eyes. Can you please try that for me?”
After slight facial twitching, the little android slowly opens her large almond-shaped peepers. They grow even bigger when her CPU intercepts the video feed.
“I can see!” Her voice cracks with emotion, as she tries to move her head to better view her surroundings, but the pain is too much.
Before Esty gets too excited, Cody changes the subject. “Esty, can you please try to flex your left hand? It may help if you try to forget the circumstances of your existence just now, and imagine you are still biological.”
Esty does as requested. After long moments of concentration, the scientists see twitching in her long gray fingers! Then, they retract into a ball and extend. The team of cybernetic doctor’s yell with joy, as Esty joins in too.
“Eeeeeeeeeeeeee!” Esty exclaims. “I feel I have movement!”
Nyla reaches, taking her hand and squeezing gently. “Esty, can you feel my hand?” She inquires, and is rewarded with another long squeal, as emotion breaks the old girl’s threshold of joy!
It’s been so very long since she had any physical contact with another being! She concentrates on squeezing back, and within moments her long thin fingers are curling around Nyla’s hand, gripping just right! The two machines are now truly able to greet each other in a meaningful way!
“It’s very nice to meet you once again, Miss Esty!” Nyla exclaims excitedly. “I’m so happy there’s finally someone home in this body!  Might I add that you look marvelous!”
“Oh, Nyla! I can’t believe I’m finally able to touch someone! I’m going to cry!” She gushes emotional electrons which melt everyone’s circuits!
“Now don’t go and do that, Esty.” Wil interjects, softly. “You don’t want to get all rusty on your first day, do you?” He jokes, and all have a great laugh!
Nyla, moves in close, holding a mirror in front of Esty’s face. The room goes deathly quiet. You could hear an atom drop!
The newest android on the block, gazes at the reflection with wide eyes. Her arm rises with no small amount of pain, fingers running gently along her cheek. Hopes run high within the room. Especially after the many long months of designing and crafting such alien features.
“I’m beautiful again!” She exclaims with a stronger voice. “My battle-scar! .... It’s gone!”
“So, you like what you see?” Atara inquires a silly question.
The little Grey let’s her arm drop. The pain required for keeping it aloft, is too much to maintain. “Oh yes! I couldn’t have dreamed of such a magnificent new body! Thank you! .... Thank you all for being such wonderful friends!” She praises, adding. “Especially after the trouble I caused you, when I tried to steal this ship so very long ago! For that, I am sorry!”
“Oh, now don’t you worry about that, my dear!” Nyla interjects. “I think we’re all past that little misjudgment on your part. Right Wil?” She hopes for some back-up from mister stubborn.
“I say all is forgiven, my dear Esty. Besides, after we invaded your base, I guess we’ll just call it even-steven.” He jokes while pushing a rolled-up paper bag with almond-shaped eyeholes, back into his jumpsuit pocket. He had juvenilely planned to suggest she wear it, so’s to not scare people too much!
After seeing her laying there so regal and proud, he realizes how hurtful the joke would be. Especially, after all she had been through lately. Not to mention the extremely negative reaction he was sure to get from Nyzilla the destroyer!
“Thank you, my friend.” Esty, squeezes his hand in appreciation.
Besides the cruel paper-bag joke, Wil had brought another item into the operating room. “And to show there’s no hard feelings, Esty, I brought you a little something for you.” He removes a recently cleaned and polished wristband from a box, and places it around her forearm, snugging it just right.
“This day just keeps getting better!” Esty, projects her pleasure at feeling the long-absent device weighing on her arm. Wil didn’t know it yet, but the tool has many more uses than just the fancy anti-gravity function.
“I promise to find another one for you, Wil. I’ll even teach you the other applications that you don’t know about yet.” She teases, knowing the tall android will spend much time wondering just what she meant.
However, there isn’t time for Wil to react, as Cody changes the subject. “Okay. Okay. Let’s give poor Esty a chance to rest. There’ll be plenty of time for everything, after she becomes acquainted with her new digs.”
With that proclamation, Nyla and Wil bid farewell, with promises to come back soon.
Esty’s progress with her new body is satisfactory. Her learning curve is commensurate with expectations. The third day of her new life arrives along with a visit from Nyla. She shows up each day to assist with physical habilitation of the little Grey’s electro-polymer muscles.
“A little farther, Esty.... Yes, that’s it.... more....” Nyla begs of her friend to extend a stretch until it hurts. With a grimace of pain on her lovely alien face, Esty complies. Pushing like she’s never pushed before!
“That’s my girl! No pain, no gain!” Nyla praises.
“Easy for you to say!” The Grey retorts with a laugh, as she releases her tortured limb from the stretch. Rubbingly, she announces progress. “The pain isn’t so bad today, Nyla. I think I’m getting the hang of things now.”
Nyla is relieved to hear those words, but the expression on Esty’s face, told otherwise. Still, another few days of this therapy will remove any doubts. “That’s wonderful Esty, but we’ll just keep pushing until you don’t even have to think about it hurting. Okay?”
“I knew machines loved to cause pain to others, and you’re proving it real good today!”
“Awe.... you say the kindest things!”
The dirty dozen, come and go. Each congratulating the Grey commander on her incredible progress. Day after day, Esty is guided along her new path of enlightenment.
Soon the pain of being born-again, is a thing of the past. Coordination increases dramatically. Slowly but surely, she’s introduced to the others within the community. They only knew her from video and voice from her little box, but this is way different!
Now, she stands before them, beaming with energy and friendliness. She enjoys telling everyone that her new body is several inches taller than her original one. Now, at 4-foot-11, she feels like a giant! And as strong as one too! Her new muscles, seem like hydraulic pistons, compared with before. Life is good once again!
“Okay, Esty. A little higher this time!” Wil directs, as he teaches the Grey android the finer points of martial arts. “That’s good.... one more time! .... Yes, good one! You’re throwing some real heat today!” He praises, as her front kick hits his padded hand with a solid smack!
Nyla enters the compartment. “Toby, take over the class.” Wil, delegates as he joins her.
“How’s she doing?” Nyla asks, as they move to the sidelines.
He leans in whisperingly. “I think we’re creating another little monster! .... She’s good!”
“Oww! Owwww! Owwwwwww!” Adam surrenders without pride, before his arm is broken.... suddenly sorry he volunteered to be the guinea pig.
Toby releases, without making the poor young man cry out again. “That’s how you do that move, Esty! .... Would you like to try?”
Esty is quick, but not as quick as a wounded Adam! Holding his painful arm, he rolls away from the two maniacs. Gaining his feet once again, he runs for his life! “Oh, no you don’t! I’ve had enough of this craziness.... I’m outta here!” Out he goes, running through a cacophony of jeers from the rest of the class, but knowing his other arm is safe from destruction!
“Okay, who’s next?” Toby inquires with a demonic gaze.
“Toby, that’s enough!” Braxton yells. “You play too rough! What good is a lesson, if we’re all busted up afterward?”
“Okay, okay.... I’ll lighten up. In fact, I’ll lighten so much, you can teach the class, mister go-easy!” She feigns insult, leaving Esty standing there in the middle of the mat, looking puzzled.
“Don’t mind if I do!” He seamlessly takes over the class, as it’s usually him or Toby who substitutes anyway, when Wil is busy.
The practice continues unabated, and without too many screams. Esty, with help from willing others, quickly soaks up the nuances of self-defense, in a way that only a computerized machine can do!
Her former self, would not have been able to withstand the rigors of such physical demands. Her species had long ago developed technological-methods for self-defense, not always with great effect.
This new life opens a world of grand opportunities. She secretly begins to appreciate her new mechanical form, wondering if it might be the future for the survival of her species. After all, a body can deteriorate; even an android body, but a digital mind, can live indefinitely.... given proper maintenance.
Time passes for the human and machine-based pioneers of Oberon Prime and Titania Alpha. For the most part, it’s a time of good fortune and peaceful existence, on strange worlds. Yet, for the human inhabitants, their worlds are not so strange at all. They are home!
While home is where the hearth is, it’s also where you were born. Humanity has come a long way, since the days when it resided within only one solar system.
Constant effort to make ends meet, is a staple of everyday life for the pioneers who strive for a sustainable existence. Esty’s mountain, takes extraordinary time and effort to bring back to life, and efforts for everyday existence, takes precedence over rehabilitating the mountain hideaway.
Only a small crew of humans and androids, continue the effort to make the mountain great again. Over the years, there’ve been heavy efforts to breathe life back into the flying saucers that wait so patiently for action once again. But technical glitches, and lack of spare parts are seemingly insurmountable barriers. But what good is life, without goals and hurdles to overcome?
Several years later.... “Toby, hand me that wrench.... No, the one next to that.” Cooper, requests of the alien tool. They busy themselves with installing a new landing gear that’s missing from one of the flying saucers. Other areas of the craft are also getting attention after many years of preparations and engineering breakthroughs.
Thousands of years of neglect have left the three machines in great need of TLC. The saucer they work on now, had been ruthlessly cannibalized to keep the other two ships operational.
“Here you go.” Toby continues with her nearby task. “So, next week we turn 18. What do you think they have planned for us this year?”
“Oh, my gosh!” Cooper exclaims. “I totally forgot about it! Jeez Toby, I haven’t heard any rumors. It’s been a while since we’ve seen the Zenarawan’s, so perhaps we’ll visit them. I’m sure ready for a break. We’ve been hitting this mountain pretty hard lately.
“Yeah, me too.” Toby agrees. “Sometimes, it seems we’re just hitting our heads against a wall here. Do you think we’ll ever get these things flying again?”
“Well, Esty seems to be in greater spirits lately. So, I’m hoping the fruits of our labor might be close to a payoff.”
“I hope so.... I surely do hope so!” Toby repeats longingly.
Preparing for the Gort!
Eerie darkness rules the turbulent dream! Opaque clouds of mist, swirl past unrelentingly. Obscurity at best, as enemies move stealthily through the gloom, never-endingly. A flitter of movement over there.... then emptiness! A wisp of something that way.... then evaporation into misty apparition! Something pulls his mind ever-downwards into a nightmarish abyss!
Try as he may, try as he might, Gort can’t break the dreadful dream-state! It paralyzes his efforts to break the hibernation-bonds that grip so tightly. He fights, like he’s never fought before! Clawing his way towards understanding, to no avail!
Everything happening in slow motion within his cosmic jail without bail!
He tries to run, but his feet are like cement! Not one to wail.... he wails like he’s never wailed before! .... Only a cloud of moths come out!
This battle has raged seemingly forever, but perhaps for only a few seconds. Time has no meaning in a dream .... it has no teeth!
“Help!” His mind screams but nobody responds.... So cold! .... So cold!  Hard to breathe! .... Hard to breathe! Then, somebody calls his name! Is it real? Or just another cryo-induced delusion, he wonders....
“How’s it going, ladies?” Nyla asks, as she, Wil and Esty, approach the landing-gear installation site. Cooper and Toby continue with the gear installation on the grounded saucer. Max and Shirley offer moral support and elbow-grease when needed.
Earlier in the day, they had returned from a visit with their Zenarawan friends, where they celebrated the dirty-dozen’s birthdays. Now at 18, they feel ready to challenge the universe!
Cooper leads the repair job. While Toby is just as qualified to be chief engineer, Cooper always seems to have a slight edge when polished technical expertise is desired.
Whereas, Toby always seemed to have the edge when converting the expertise into physical labor. She loves working with her hands, and it shows!
“Hello there!” Cooper greets, as she hands Toby a torque wrench. “We’re making good progress. We’ll be ready for a retraction test after we torque the hardware on these leg-braces.”
At her side, watching and learning, are Raznalli, Linmarri, and their now older offspring’s Razzi and Surri. Lately, they spend more time with the gang in the mountain, than they do at home.
Toby sticks her head out of the gear-well, “Hi everyone! .... Coop, hand me the safety-wire and twist pliers. Now, don’t you folks go anywhere, we’re almost done!”
Disappearing once again into the dark hellhole, she applies steel wire on the bolt she had just torqued, so it won’t loosen in the future.
Alien flying saucer or not, maintenance of such conveyances, requires similar techniques to that of any aircraft, to ensure prolonged airworthiness and/or spaceworthiness.
“We’ll wait, my dear.” Wil informs. “We’re not doing much anyway, just hoping the cryo-chamber control boards come in today. Gort is probably getting antsy by now.”
There’s still plenty of details to work out, concerning critical aspects of bringing the base back to its former glory. And one of those details, is to make Esty’s flagship spaceworthy once again. She protested back in the day, when cannibalization of her proud machine had started, but to no avail. Now, she’s helping to restore her baby, back to showroom specs!
“Are you sure there’s nothing I can help with?” Esty inquires of the young ladies. “I feel so lazy lately.” The mechanical commander sits cross-legged on the ground next to Cooper, each gazing into the hellhole where Toby finishes the final task. Using specialized pliers, she installs safety-wire to the last of the fasteners holding the landing gear in place.
“Esty, I’m going to need somebody upstairs to swing the gear when Toby’s finished. Would you like to do that for us?” Cooper offers a meager task, for the eager commander.
“I was hoping you would ask me that!” Esty, replies happily.
Toby, climbs out of the gear-well with an armful of tools and greasy rags, looking excited to see if their hard work will rise to the task. “Well, she’s ready. Whenever you want, Esty.”
Everyone backs away from the danger zone. The nearly one-million-pound flying saucer is held aloft by anti-gravity-pumps that act like jacks. It’s quite a sight to see!
As everyone waits for Esty to leave for the flight-deck, where the gear-handle is located, she looks around with a smerky grin and devious laugh. “Wil, remember when I mentioned that my wrist-band has other functions? Well, of the many other uses, this band allows me to remotely-control many features of this fine ship.”
Noticing Wil’s shocked expression, she inputs a series of commands into the sleek wristband. “Okay, let’s hope for the best.... it has been a while.” She hits enter, and the big saucers four landing-gears are quickly sucked into the belly of the shiny beast!
Electric actuators and priority switches, work like charms! The gear disappears as pretty as you please! Of course, with the ship being 3-quarters-football-field-in-size, they only get a good look at the closest one.
Underneath, the gear-doors have close seamlessly! Almost spookily, without even a whisper of complaint! There she hovers on a cushion of non-gravity. Underneath, she’s as clean as a cosmic whistle! Nothing but seamlessly smooth metal for as far as the eye can see.
“Oh my!” Nyla responds shockedly. “It all happened so quickly, I nearly missed it!”
Esty, exercises the near-magical landing system a dozen times, just to be sure. They extend and retract exactly as expected each time, as powerful electric actuators work their magic. Everyone, including herself, marvels at how the mechanism operates so smoothly.
Finally satisfied, she allows the gear to remain down and locked. “Good work!” She praises of the human engineers.
“Yes, good work, ladies.” Nyla and Wil, praise in unison.
Just then, the lights go out! .... The monstrously huge cavern goes black for several long moments. The only illumination.... a bluish glow coming off the saucer, as its reactor once again has a heartbeat.
Then, just as suddenly, the lights come back on once again. Flickering now and then as Braxton, Magnus and Jax, work out a problem with the fortresses main-reactor voltage-regulation system.
“Well ladies, we better go see what Braxton and his crew are doing in the reactor room.”
Nyla excuses herself and companions, leaving the saucer crew to clean up the area and bring the old girl back down off the jacks. It’ll be her first time on four legs, since many thousands of years. With a little more TLC, she’ll be back to showroom quality, once again!
Esty’s countenance shows grave concern on her usually peaceful looking mug. The power fluctuations can’t be good for the cryo-chambers, or the occupants, she thinks dreadfully.
Electronics engineers are close to duplicating the necessary control boards that long ago deteriorated. A fear is that if the chambers keep losing power, they might not react well when called upon to release their sleeping beauties!
“Now don’t worry, Esty.” Nyla correctly surmises her friend’s angst. “Trust in the power back-up we designed. They’ll absorb these power-spikes and outages. Gort and the others, will be just fine until we can bring them back.” She offers a sympathetic hand to the Grey’s shoulder.
Lately, Esty has become lonely without somebody of her own kind to share thoughts and dreams. At first, she was afraid that Gort and the others might look down upon her for becoming an evil machine, but as time draws close for an attempt at re-animation, she grows bold. No longer caring what anybody thinks of her new body!
She has learned to love what she has become, and that’s what really counts. Besides, all survivors from the cryo-chambers, if any, will eventually have to become like her, or die and rot into the dust of time like all biologics eventually do!
“I know, Nyla. Thanks for reminding me.” Esty, responds kindly. “It’s just that I’m getting so anxious to see if they’ll live once again.... or not.”
“Well, let’s go check on the boys. Hopefully, the electronics we need will arrive today. I recall Cody saying that they’re nearly finished.” She offers hope.
Upon entering the reactor cavern, they see three sets of legs extending from an opened control-console. Braxton and his accomplices, lay on their backs trying to reach the problem, which is of course deep within, and difficult to access.
“Hello in there!” Wil announces their presence. “How’s it going?”
Jax, scooches out of the tight quarters. “Hey everyone! It’s going good, just not much room in there.” He informs. “Thanks for dropping by.”
“We’re a little concerned about the power outages.” Nyla informs.
“Oh, we’re done replacing the new regulator. So, there won’t be any more blackouts.”
A look of relief flows across Esty’s face. “Thank you, Jax.” She moves to the railing that protects the pit. Looking down, she sees the main reactor bathed in a bluish haze of light. An electronic fog of sorts.
It draws much of its power from within the slipstream that exists between universes. It has one foot in this universe, and another foot .... not so much. It has dutifully maintained power to the complex and is now ready to continue doing so for much longer.
Wil’s radio, chirps with a familiar voice. “Hey Wil, this is Cody. Do you copy?”
“Go ahead, Cody. Where are you?”
“I’m inbound with Atara, Omari and Talia. We’ll be there in 15-minutes. Tell Esty, we have the new and improved control-boards. That should make her day!” He announces proudly.
The news hits Esty like a speeding comet! The day has finally arrived! Her mind races with the possibilities! A chance to interact with another of her kind might be nigh .... she swoons!
“Copy that, Cody!” Wil exclaims. “That’s great news! I’m looking at her now, and if you could only see her face!” He laughs, before realizing the possible implications.
Esty reaches, taking Wil’s radio. “Thank you, Cody. Thank you Atara. We’ll meet you in the cryo-compartment.” Handing the radio back, she adds. “Right, Wil?” She laughs with delight.... knowing Wil isn’t looking forward to interacting with his old nemesis again.
On the way, they step into the computer room to see how things are going. “Hey Max.” Nyla greets. “How are you kids doing in here?”
“Awe mom! You don’t have to insult us!” The young man says with feigned hurt. “Since like a week ago, we’ve been adults. Same as you.” A chorus of agreement floods her ears.
“Sorry.... force of habit.” Mother android relents, adding. “You’ll always be my little darling monsters, no matter what the age.” She pinches him on the cheek, quite condescendingly.
“Now, don’t worry about a thing.” Max assures. “We’re making good progress here.” The young scientist reports.
They’ve been inspecting everything in the room for deterioration or other problems. So far, they’re finding everything in pretty good condition. Relatively speaking of course.
“That’s good, Max.” Glancing through the room, she informs. “We’re heading to the cryo-chambers. Cody and Atara are arriving with the boards. Feel free to come visit when you catch a break in the action.”
It’s been a long time since Esty has visited the cryo-chambers. The feeling in the air, chills her circuits to the core. Being in such close proximity to her other self, offers a sensation that’s truly indescribable. She moves through the crypt-like room with renewed determination.
Past humming chambers, she shuffles. Some with possible life still within, and many that hadn’t been so lucky. She approaches her own chamber. Reaching deep into her well of courage, she dares to gaze upon her remains. It’s the first time such bravery has gripped her so.
Stepping onto the framework of the chamber, she peers into the viewport. The spectacle within, takes her breath away, and that isn’t easy for an android!
Dim lighting shows the pile of dust that used to be her head at the end of a thin trail of dust that was once her long, lovely neck. The body lays deflated.
Her blankie is pulled up and rotted to fragments just below the rank and insignias on the deteriorated jumpsuit. Placing her long-fingered mechanical hand on the glass, she says goodbye to her carbon-self. She’ll never look upon the sight again.
“Are you okay, Esty?” Nyla offers concern, where concern is due.
“Yes. I’m okay.” Then looking to her new friends. “Thank you once again for giving me a second chance at life. I’m not sure I deserve it but thank you just the same.”
“You’re welcome my dear.” Nyla responds. “You should never think that you don’t deserve it. Your life matters.” She puts her arm around the smaller android’s shoulder, as they make their way further back into the compartment where Gort seems to wait so patiently.
Re-animation of this individual has caused great dread within the earthling-android community. They remember well, that fateful time when he pirated their ship and tried to rule the roost!
They know that Esty would never agree to leave him in limbo, or any others that might still live. They can only hope that the long sleep has mellowed the fierce warrior and second lieutenant of Esty’s old command.
Gort’s rude awakening!
Arriving at Gorts chamber, Esty peers inside. Unlike the pile of dust, she’d just witnessed, this old friend lays peacefully, in all his scar-faced glory! She knows those scars well! Some of which she had inflicted herself, during passionate play and or disagreements.
She has a special place in her circuits for his company once again. Her excitement grows, as the thought of holding somebody of her own kind once again, heats her psyche!
To her knowledge, these few crewmates might just be the last of her breed. It would take a monstrous disaster at home worlds, for them to be abandoned like they were yesterday’s cosmic garbage, she ponders.
Just then, Cody and Atara arrive, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. “Hello in here!” Atara calls. “We’re herrrrrrre!” She calls again.
“Back here, Atara!” Wil, answers.
Cody and Atara busy themselves with Gort’s cryo-chamber, installing the refurbished circuit-board back into its slot. All is set. The creature within will soon know consciousness.... or wake up dead! The electronics specialists have repaired as best they could, and now hope to see positive results, and not a shower of hot sparks for their efforts.
Esty, would just die!
“Well, we’re as ready as ever.” Cody informs. “Are you prepared if things go south, Miss Esty?” He asks, receiving a confused look. “I mean, are you ready, if this procedure fails?”
“I’m ready. I know you’ve done everything possible, and a lot of time has passed. Perhaps too much, but I’m ready. Thank you, Cody. Thank you Atara, for helping Gort and me.”
“You’re very welcome, my dear.” Cody responds friendlily, as he enters commands into the chamber’s controller. He reaches, taking Esty’s hand. “Won’t you please do the honors and push his button? I mean, if he turns into a little gray Frankenstein, I don’t wish to be the one who let him loose on the planet.” He jokes seriously.
Esty didn’t know this Frankenstein that Cody had mentioned, but she gets the point. “I understand, Cody.”
A long finger, hovers over Gort’s life-or-death button. She revels in the moment, hoping she still has some lucky stars to call upon!
Taking a deep breath, she pushes the button good! No shower of sparks, she notices with relief! She remembers to breathe, .... her circuits heat in both a good and bad way!
Suddenly, sounds flowing from within the chamber, change noticeably. The long, steady hum that once dominated, has become a series of ever-changing tones and hisses, as the system purges and saves rare gases from within. Waste not, want not....
It’s a slow process, but temperature within, gradually increase. Everyone knew it would take time, so they get comfortable and wait. Humans and androids, come and go. All, wishing Esty good luck, calming her spirits.
Six-hours into reanimation, Jax announces movement within the chamber! A facial twitch here, a muscle spasm there. The young human had never seen an alien zombie coming back from the dead and is thrill!
Esty is beside herself with nervous joy! She’s no cryo-engineer, but she gets the feeling that things are going smoothly, so far.
“We’re almost there.” Atara informs, putting an arm around Esty’s shoulder. Soon, more movement as an eyelid twitches! Long fingers begin to flex, sending the rotten blanket crumbling to dust. While biologic material is preserved, fabrics don’t hold-up so good over time.
Chest movement tells Omari that the time has come for action on his part. “It’s time.”
Cody enters a command and the chamber cover unlocks with a clank as electromagnets release. Time is of an essence now! Opening the lid of the coffin-like chamber, Omari places an oxygen mask over Gort’s nose and mouth.
More chest movement, as the life-giving gas is inhaled. Soon, great lungsful are being consumed! Gort’s thin gray hand moves to hold the mask on tighter, while the other shades his eyes from the lighted room. Large black eye’s, blink open and closed squintingly. Everything, still a fuzzy blur....
Esty moves in, offering a meager shadow. “Gort, can you hear me?” She asks with a voice he didn’t recognize. When he focuses, a sigh of relief escapes his thin pale lips. At least it was one of his own species, he thinks.
A hoarse response. “I hear you .... I hear you.” The weak alien replies in his own clickity-clacks. “Am I dreaming?” He wonders aloud, not recognizing the face through the fog of reanimation.
“Welcome back, Gort!” She clickity-clacks back, brushing her hand lovingly along his face. “This is no dream, my friend.” She informs lovingly. “You don’t recognize me, but that’s okay for now. Just lay still and relax. I have a long story to tell you.... later.” She promises, hoping to not excite him with her name just yet.
“Commander Esty .... where’s Commander Esty?” The patient inquires weakly, still not able to focus properly. Esty, knows he won’t be fooled by some nefarious answer, so she decides to spill the beans then and there.
“Gort, calm yourself and listen .... I am Commander Esty.” She shrinks inside, not wishing to spill too many beans all at once! She would rather die than have him reject her outright. “A lot has happened since you went under, Gort. So, please don’t become alarmed when you gain focus.... okay?” She backs away, offering a better view.
The grizzled patient, squints for better focus. “What’s going on? You’re not commander Esty!” His voice becomes heated. “Where’s that beautiful scar? Tell me that!”
Esty, now knows she has a tiger by the tail! It will either have a reasonable answer or sink in fangs of violent disobedience! Thinking fast, she whispers into his ear, something that only she and he would mutually know. Sleeping beauty, seems to relax. His rising anger, subsides. Urge to kill; diminishing....
“Now, Gort.” She braves a firmer tone. “I order you to stay calm. We are not alone here. We have new friends that are helping us. It is they, who brought us both back to life.... our new friends.... are aliens.... earthlings to be more precise.”
She didn’t have the nerve just then, to let all the cats out!  Baby-steps. Baby-steps might work best with Gort, this time around.
“Humans? That can’t be....” His voice trails off. Exhaustion, setting in. A critical time for his survival, fast approaching.
“Yes, and I order you to let them touch you.... help you.”
The grizzled-one has no choice, but to acquiesce! He’s as weak as a newborn Grey, and just as helpless. He nods his bulbous head, closing his eyes. Only in this way, can he tolerate the waking-nightmare!
Esty steps away from the chamber, as Omari steps up to the plate. He looks in upon a lonely and dehydrated warrior. It wears only the dust of time, that was once his jumpsuit. Reaching, he gently takes the nearest arm and wipes a spot with an alcohol swab where Esty had previously told him he might find a vein.
As he accepts an intravenous needle from Talia, he notices one peeper of the little fellow peeking a spy on his new doctors. They sure seem to fit the memory he had for the species, so he relaxes once again. Esty said they were friendly, yet the jab from the needle, which felt more like a sharpened tree-branch, causes him to wonder if she wasn’t mistaken!
“Well, I think I found a vein.” Omari announces proudly, as the saline-fluid drips and disappears into his patient’s arm. “It’s flowing.”
Nyla moves to assist Talia. After vacuuming the dust of time from the patient’s body, they give him a thorough sponge bath. He takes it like a champ, offering no disobedience against his standing order. Yet every now and then, he cracks a peeper when things get out of hand!
He’s dried, and a new jumpsuit, is gently brought up his legs and torso, fitting just right. Gort can now lay there with a modicum of dignity once again!
Rest.... Rest.... After so long in hibernation, who would think a body would need more rest, he ponders silently. Muscle degradation and dehydration play a significant role against jumping out and prancing about!
Esty, inadvertently blows her cover, as she without thinking, takes his warm hand into her own not so warm hand! From his reaction, she knows the jig is up! Opening his eyes wide, he gets a much clearer view of his old friend. An old friend, that might not be so old after all!
“Why is your hand so cold, commander?” A simple question; but, one without a simple answer. “Again, commander I ask what happened to your lovely scar?” An even worse question! But, in Gort’s opinion, it really was a scar to be proud of! He often complimented about it.
“Oh, my dear Gort!” .... She holds back tears that could never form. “My body didn’t fare as well as yours!”  ....  Baby steps with Gort .... don’t tell him all at once, she thinks desperately!
“Your, body?”
Then, his memory floods into sharp focus, remembering! Those ‘humans’ he saw.... The ones that just touched him! They were on the earth ship they pirated, and they weren’t human at all! They only looked human! .... Copies! .... Malignant machines! .... “Are you telling me, that you’ve somehow become.... one of them? .... A machine?” He tries to shrink away but is trapped within the chamber.
“Oh, Gort! .... If only you could understand! I had no choice! It was either this or remain locked inside a computer forever! Yes, I’m still a computer, but I’m a mobile computer! We all knew going into this, what those memory-boxes were for. You scoffed at them, but it saved my life to be stored in such a way!” She pleads, before continuing.
“With help from those earthlings, I was able to cash in on that insurance policy that our own species could only provide part of. Please try to understand.... Pleaseeeee!” She pleads with all her circuits.... Exhaustion sets in.... Esty feels drained after such a divulgence.
The next few moments will be crucial for their new relationship. She knows full well the hatred her people have against the intelligent machines that hunt their worlds without mercy. Not an easy thing to get past....
Gort lays unmoving. Shock, bewildering his senses. Eyes closed against the bad dream he thought he had awoken from. But apparently, he’s still under the spell of the demented cryo-dreams!
He realizes that this dream has continuity, it has substance! It has a sharpened stick in his arm that hurts to no end! He probably can’t even open his eyes, without seeing some unexpected monster ogling him back! He tries anyway.
Opening one big peeper ever so slightly, so not to lose both at once, he gazes on the saddest face he’s ever seen! Esty gazes back, offering the most pitiful look she has in her arsenal!
She must somehow win his heart.... or, lose her own. She knows a response couldn’t possibly come as fast as hoped, but the longer he takes to form a complaint, the better her chances, she thinks!
Long moments later, Gort’s other peeper cracks open, intensifying his view of Esty’s so-sad countenance. His stony heart, melts! He isn’t exactly a rocket scientist, but he quickly understands that things have changed.
Something horrible has happened to home-worlds, and the effect has trickled down to the trouble here. He had better get with the program, instead of complaining about puny details.
Reaching, he takes Esty’s hand, squeezing gently. “Esty, you are my commander, and you always shall be. No matter what....” With that said, he closes his eyes once again and sleeps the peaceful sleep of one who’s content with the universe.
Infinite joy runs through Esty’s circuits! Heating in a great way! Because that’s the best response she could have hoped for from her dear old friend come back to alive again!
Esty, Omari and Talia stay with the grizzled warrior, while Nyla, Wil and Cody’s team, return to the cavernous hanger where three lovely flying saucers, soak up cosmic TLC.
They’re so close to flight-readiness, the gang of humans and androids can almost taste it! Except for one significant problem.... fuel!
The spaceships were parked with enough fuel to keep themselves idling almost indefinitely. However, their quantum-interface reactors are in need of more juice if they’re to ever fly again. Also, with the facilities main reactor requiring the same type of fuel, there isn’t much left for the saucers thirsty star-drives.
“Cooper, bring up those symbols again.” Nyla request, as they research the fuel’s atomic make-up, looking for answers. “See that symbol? That’s very similar to the substance Doctor Sawyer and his team were working on back at Grand Ledge when we left Earth. He and his team had developed a star-fuel, before inventing an engine with which to use it.”
“Do you think it’s possible he was able to store any significant quantities?” Cooper inquires.
Wil, responds. “I wouldn’t be surprised. I mean, that was the main function of the science institutes mission. To develop a star-fuel that could be accumulated and stored, while researching an engine that could handle it.” He states, matter of factly. “Good eye, Nyla.” For his effort.... a loving peck on the cheek.... always better than an elbow in the side!
“We’ll need to get Esty in here. She’s been making calculation about how far the saucers can travel, with what fuel we can scrape together.” Cooper informs, adding. “Why, are you guys suggesting we might travel to Earth?” Wide eyes, hoping for an affirmative response.
“I can’t think of any other place where we could possibly hope to find the right stuff.” Nyla responds dubiously. “This base just isn’t equipped to distill such a fuel at the quantity we need.”
Esty, arrives just as the conversation is going strong. “Hello everyone.” She greets with a smile that would hurt a regular Grey. “Gort is making good progress.” Then turning to Wil and Nyla, she relays a sentiment. “He wishes to thank you for not destroying him.” She chuckles. “He realizes that you could have.”
Wil accepts the diplomatic gesture. “Good morning, Esty. That’s fine news. When you see Gort again, tell him it was my pleasure to not destroy him. I hope we can become friends.”
“Hear! Hear!” A chorus of agreements from the peanut gallery.
“Thank you, all.” Esty responds as she notices the task being performed. “Are you trying to figure out how to transfer fuel?”
“Yes.” This from Cooper, who with Toby, Braxton and Magnus, attempt to understand the physics involved with manipulating the portable magnetic confinement-vessels. “Of course, we won’t actually try, until you have time to guide us.”
“Well, I seem to have plenty of time now. Let’s begin by inventorying what fuel we have. There’re only four locations where we’ll find it. The main reactor, and these three ships.”
Braxton, steps in. “Well Esty, we’ve already done that. We need you to review our findings and see if there’s enough to get us to Earth and back.” He informs her of the possibility of finding a star-fuel there.
“Earth, eh?” She ponders, wistfully .... She had never been there. It might be fun! “Well, let’s just see what we have.” She scrolls through the data, inputting the 100-lightyear round-trip.
After crunching in pi, and carrying the infinity, she adds an extra 10% for good measure. Then, checking where and how much fuel is distributed around the base, she comes to a dire conclusion.
“If we take the fuel out of two ships, leaving a little to keep them idling of course, we might have enough for a one-way trip. And I do mean.... might!”
The wind goes out of the earthling’s sails! Just moments earlier, they were fully inflated and nearly ripping to go! Now, their world comes crashing down! Dreadful sighs, the likes of which when a true love, rips out your heart and stomps it without warning!
What terrible news! If the fuel at the other end is not compatible, or even nonexistent, they’ll be marooned far from home! An untenable situation at best.... a pure disaster at worst!
“Are you sure about those numbers, Esty?” Nyla, peeks over her shoulder. “I mean, just look there,” She points, “you forgot to carry the one!” She laughs weakly, wanting to cry.
“I’m sure. I’ve checked the calculation three times. Feel free to go over them again.” She hands the tablet to Magnus, who then huddles with his siblings to see how she had come to such a horrible conclusion.
“Oh, this is terrible!” Nyla exclaims. “We now have such a big decision to make!”
“Are you serious?” Wil is shocked that she might even consider such a risk but wonders of the possibilities they’ll miss if they don’t try.
“Well, if we’re going to live this extravagant lifestyle, “Cooper inputs boldly, “it just won’t due, to have three beautiful flying saucers in the hanger, and not be able to go anywhere! Without the maybe-fuel from Grand Ledge, we’re back to square one. Even worse!”
“These calculations are accurate, Esty.” Magnus informs sadly. “But you already knew that.” He hands the data-pad back, wondering just what they’re going to do.
“Okay, let’s do this.” Nyla has a plan of action! “I say we make the fuel-transfer, while we consider our next move. We need to make at least one ship space-worthy anyway, if at all possible.” There! She beams inside at such a wise idea, adding....
“Besides, there should be at least enough fuel to visit Titania Alpha! Probably enough for several visits!” Looking around at all the smiling faces, she knows they like the way she thinks. Esty, offers a rare wink of approval.
The next several days show substantial progress towards the refueling of one ship. It’s the one with a new peg-leg, and the one that’s served as Esty’s flagship in the past.
The fact that it’s also the very same one that was used to attack the SPS Einstein back in the day, is not lost on the androids. Time heals most wounds, so the earthlings learn to love the little silver ship that could!
At 250-feet-diameter, the multi-leveled spacecraft, is not so little! At nearly a million-pounds, she’s 98% warp-coils and reactor, with the bridge being the central-core. The personnel-capacity-rating is numbered at 30, but it rarely ever carried such a load.
There’s a world-class medical bay, where many operations have taken place. Not all of them performed on the Grey’s anatomy, if you catch the grizzly drift....
It’s a well-known fact, that to know one’s competition from the inside out, is the first step towards dominance of said competition. And the Grey’s have been striving to fill their medical database with as much information about as many other species, as possible.
Below main deck is where the reactor lives. It’s the heartbeat of the ship! Like nothing earthlings have ever seen. Not fission, not fusion, but something in between. It derives much of its energy from the quantum-slipstream that exists between all universes.
A byproduct of this de-phasing from our universe and into the slipstream, is inertial dampening. The mathematics involved, would have given Steven Hawking a nosebleed, and a regular human-being, a brain-hemorrhage, just to ponder its design!
Fortunately, the headband-eleven, suffers neither calamity as the wonderful learning tool, mercifully bypassed the math requirements. Much as one might fly an airplane without knowledge of its engineering.
“Toby, hand me the bottle.” Esty, requests of the young engineer, who relays the magnetic-confinement-bottle into the reactor’s hell hole. The mechanical commander is in the depths of the ship’s reactor-pit, elbow deep and personal with the reactors fuel-manifold.
 After inspecting the bottles connection-point, she finds no obvious defects, and plugs it into the fuel-manifold. With a push, twist and snap, the bottle is secured into place as pretty as you please. Like that, the fuel transfer is complete. A complicated process made simple, due to the magic of brevity!
On the bridge, Cooper and Toby calibrate the new fuel-load into the navigation-astrogator console. With Esty’s guidance, they see that the ship had accepted the exotic-matter and is displaying a slightly higher level than anticipated.
“Jeez, Esty. It worked just like you said!” Toby praises.
“Of course, my dear child. Stick with me, and I’ll teach you other magical secrets that the headband couldn’t.” The commander promises. Looking around, she informs. “All of you. Learn as much as possible, I might not be around forever.”
“Oh, go on....” Comes a chorus of sympathetic replies.
Across the bridge, Gort sits quietly; observing and convalescing. He’s amazed at how well Esty gets on with the earthlings. She fits in equally-well with the humans and the machines, as if she’s known them all her life!
His days are mostly filled with physical rehabilitation at the hands of the merciless Omari and Talia. The androids are the only alien species he has known, who can speak his language.... Perfectly.
They taught him one phrase he hopes to someday forget.... ‘no pain, no gain’. It’s usually with a laugh too, when they issue copious amounts of it, while using that phrase as license! He can’t stop their agonizing tortures! They are monstrously strong and determined!
Slowly, Gort gains strength in long disused muscles. He also gains respect for his new friends, finding unexpected solace in their companionship. Perhaps all sentient machines aren’t such bad joe’s after all, he ponders with hope.
Even the Zenarawan’s give him an even-chance to become friendly. He can’t communicate directly with them, but the furry-ones easily enter his mind. They also act as go-betweens when communicating with the young humans.
Raznalli has taken a shining to the Grey warrior, who once scared him half to death the first time he saw him inside the sleep-chamber.
The gnarly old Grey still pines for more interaction with those of his own kind. Yet, the others that still sleep, must wait their turn. Each reanimation, taxes the resources of Omari and Talia, who have other responsibilities also.
Time moves rapidly; seemingly, faster inside of the mountain. Perhaps the close-proximity to the space-time-warping machines, creates this phenomenon.
Soon the flying saucer is spaceworthy and the crowd of explorers, ripe for adventure!
“So, it’s settled then!” Esty, announces with a wide smile. “We leave for earth next week!” She’s glad that the spirit of adventure is still strong within the earthling’s psyches.
From her first announcement of the critical fuel-supply, she knew the group would eventually vote in favor of risking everything, for the chance to win it all!
Her people had similar attitudes. Her people.... she ponders the fact that she ‘is’ her people. She’s the only Grey earthling-android in the entire universe, as far as she knows!
Seeking out the one with whom she most closely relates, she moves to sit with Gort at the back of the bridge.
He notices her angst. Pulling her down to sit, he holds her close. Of all, it is she whom he most closely relates ....  her circuits heat! .... his blood grows hot!
Soon, yet faster than that, the crew boards the ship, and the spiral hatch is closed and locked!
Electronic-fog!
“Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!” Esty’s, raw emotions from being back in the saddle again, breaks her rusty threshold of professionalism. Her baby is back! And she’s back too! And it’s not a figment of some never-ending electronic nightmare, either! While still Memorex, she feels soooooo real!
With a deep pulsating-hum, the mercuric flying saucer rises from the floor of the immense mountain-hanger, on a cushion of anti-gravity. A byproduct of twisted electromagnetic lines of force created by powerful warp-coils.
She’s bathed in an illuminated electronic-fog, flowing 25-feet in all directions from the sexily shaped curves of her outer hull.
With nary a whisper, landing gear is sucked into her belly and sealed with a kiss of landing gear doors. Now totally seamless, she hovers 3-feet off the hanger floor like the Queen of Sheba in all her cosmic glory!
She chomps at the bit, to be rid of the mountain-hideaway and tear the universe a new corn shoot, once again!
The fog is the slipstream; a product of the warp-fields becoming out-of-phase with this universe. Incredible energies flowing from the ship’s reactor and into the ultra-dense superconducting warp-coils, create this deviation from our laws of physics and universe.
Everything within the fog is either partially or completely out of touch with our reality, depending on the strength of the hazy phantom layer. By manipulating the power output of the reactor, the slipstream can be weakened or strengthened. Maximum power allows for faster than light velocities as the ship sinks fully into the slipstream.
Less than full power, will allow the grand machine to exit the mountain without truly contacting the baryonic matter which makes up the rock and everything else in this universe. The rock-floor heats from a trans-dimensional interaction with the slipstream interface.
The monitor circumnavigating the bridge, brings the outside world, inside! The 360-degree-video illuminates wide-eyed faces. Others perform their duties through high levels of anxiety, even though the physics had been explained and somewhat understood.
With an electronic adrenaline-rush, Esty manipulates the warp-bubble, causing the saucer to slowly move forward. “Eeeeeeeeeeeeeee!” She vents again. Turning to Gort, she gives an uncharacteristic wink. “We’re back my friend! The universe will never be the same again!”
“Esteeeeeeeeee!” Talia’s, circuits skip a beat. She’s disoriented and confused about the situation. The saucer moves closer to the unyielding rock wall of the hanger! It’s just not natural, she thinks wisely....
“Are you sure about this?!” The good doctor, wonders of the commander’s sanity! Doom is imminent, she’s sure of it! Even though the exit procedure had been explained to her. Twice!
And Jax.... Well, Jax sees a ghost for his first time ever! Not a direct sighting, but via the circular monitor on the bridge. As the ship passes out of phase with this universe, and rubs elbows with all other realms and haunts, he sees a fleeting glimpse of a misty specter from another universe moving through the hanger without a care in the universe!
Cold and uncaring, it disappears into the rock wall, as if it never truly existed! The young man swoons! Much too shocked to yell out. Besides, who would ever believe the one who cry’s wolf so often!?
“Calm your circuits, Talia.” Omari reaches, hugging his partner reassuringly. “This part will soon be over. Close your eyes and think of yourself as a dark matter particle. They can pass thru lightyears of this stuff and not even flinch!”
With that, the leading edge of the fog enters the rock, with the grand machine following as if there were no rock!
Slowly, like a person sinking into a bath that’s been drawn to hotly, the saucer glides forward, pushing the fog deeper and deeper. Splitting the laws of our physics and putting it back together in the wake of the ship after passing.
The circle monitor, fills with an interdimensional Saint Elmo’s fire, reminding of the very depths of hell! Talia, cracks a peeper, only see that which she can now never forget! Her circuits heat, knowing the images will repeat during her wildest electronic nightmares! Luckily, they are few and far between!
Outside, the electronic-fog and rock, heat as radiations are created from the interdimensional contact. Into the slipstream, this byproduct dumps, but some is also released into our universe in negligible quantities. The rock loses a few-dozen-sextillion atoms, no big deal.
Neither the ship, nor the rock is destroyed, but rather co-exist amicably, as do all universes that are de-phased from each other. Within a haze of foggy light, the fly saucer that could, is cradled in an out-of-phase-bubble of warped space-time that extends like a protective blanket.
An outsider, looking at the outer rock-face, would see an illuminated ghostly haze, blanketing an eerie metallic disk, as it exits the rock-face. Into the sky this glowing phantom glides, taking the illuminated cloudy haze along for the cosmic ride! It clings nakedly to her sleek skin, closer to her atoms than the electrons flowing through her warp-coils!
The day is early, the sky clear and calm, as the ship is made to rise to the height of the mountain, and hover below a layer of clouds. Talia, has calmed, as have the rest of the nervous crew. Of all, it’s Raznalli and family that show the most bravery, as they are the most primitive and superstitious of the motley crew. Aside from fur standing on end, they show true cosmic stalwartness! Even though they’re dead, yet not dead, while in the slipstream....
Esty, feels the rush of flight! She wants to high-tail it and rip up the sky soooo badly! It’s been soooo very long! However, caution is the name of the game when commanding a flying saucer, so she, with great effort, reigns in her heated electrons and observes for nearby enemies first.
Besides, her beautiful ship is no spring chicken any longer! And neither is she!
Esty, sits atop her beloved throne of power, beaming like a queen! Reveling in the fact that the lofty perch is real, and not Memorex! It even has her name on it, just in case some wiseacre might wonder if it were truly hers. Not even Jax, is foolish enough to tease about that one!
Glancing around the bridge, she surveys her new crew, enjoying the bravado and excitement in their countenances. Talia’s outburst during exit, was not duplicated amongst the others. They remain focused on their duties, anxious about this first flight. As for being earthlings, they’re doing pretty good so far, she thinks....
She feels a mixture of emotions as a new mission begins. A completely different mission than usual! It’s been a long time coming, but she still feels torn about leaving the safety of her nest.
A lot has happened since her carefree days of pirating the space-lanes. She wants to set sail for her home-worlds but realizes how critical the fuel-quantity is. Surely, halfway across the galaxy, is much too far for now, she ponders sadly.
In fact, she strongly suspects that her home-worlds may even be destroyed.... or worse! Her universe sometimes feels upside down, as of late. Her only true source of comfort, sits with Braxton and Magnus at the helm. With Gort at her side, she can endure the worst that the universe has to offer!
She catches his eye, offering the stoic warrior a wink of approval. He’s been so brave through all of this, she thinks.... adjusting like a champ! He winks back, knowing he made the right decision to join her new crew, instead of acting the fool. With Esty at his side, he can endure the worst that the universe has to offer!
With a white-knuckled, kung-fu grip on the warp-bubble controller, so to not fly the ship into the planet, Braxton nervously inquires. “Commander, are you sure the ship is okay after that? I mean wow! That was something!”
“Remember, we’re traveling out of phase with everything you’ve ever known. Back there.... there was no rock.” She explains, yet once again. “While partially in the slipstream as we are now, the laws of physics that you know, don’t exist. We are neither here, nor there.... but somewhere in between.
“But we can’t hit anything big, right?” Magnus requires reassurance. “Like a planet or star?”
“At high velocity, even our exit from the mountain would have destroyed us. And it wouldn’t have been so good for the planet either!” She responds laughingly.
“Okay.... Avoid hitting mountains, planets or stars.... got it!” He jokes nervously.
Gort tightens his restraints in anticipation of the flight. The ship and occupants will enjoy inertial dampening as a byproduct of being out of phase with this universe, but things happen. To not be strapped in during such time, is a danger that rarely ends well. His main job is to supervise the new pilots while they hone their skills at flying his pride and joy.
Each of the headband-eleven, has hundreds of flight-sim hours, so Esty’s feels run high that at least they won’t crash the ship. Gort.... Well, Gort isn’t so sure! .... It’s in his nature to be pessimistic.... ever vigilant!
Nyla and Wil are happy to sit at the communications console with Talia and Omari at life-support; out of the way, and still able to perform duties, if necessary.
Amy and Kara, sit with Cooper and Toby, at the engineering/reactor console.
Max, Shirley, Tina and Jax, sit at astrogation. It’s their job to make sure they don’t get lost in space. A very challenging job. Apparently, there’s a lot of space, in outer space!
Adam, Amy, and Kara, operate the science station and perform long-range-sensor duties.
The Zenarawan’s along with Harper and Ling reside off to the side in additional seating created especially for the off-duty peanut gallery and/or guests.
The auxiliary seating is perhaps the best, as they can watch the show without having any responsibilities, above giving moral support while not sleeping!
“Cooper, Toby.... monitor the reactor parameters closely.” She firmly orders. “It’s been a long time since the old girl has been out of the barn.” She loves displaying her immense knowledge of human vernacularisms which Cody and Atara included with her programming.
Gort is amazed at her command of the human language, until he remembers how she does it. He in turn, will have to rely on the Zenarawan’s to communicate with anyone other than Esty or the earthling androids.
The atmosphere on the bridge is electrified! Throughout the ship, a feeling of electricity, hangs in the air as the reactor spools mightily. Hair stands on end, which really annoys the Zenarawan’s to no end! They seem as chia-pets having a bad-fur day!
Soon that subsides, to the relief of many. Still, an ever-present-throbbing, flows from the ships heart, pervading the background noise gently. Like a soothing siren-song, those onboard feel comforted by the rhythmic beat. Without it.... all is lost!
All around the bridge, the circular monitor shows a beautiful day on Oberon Prime. The visual sensation is as if they’re traveling on a magic carpet ride!
From this vantage point, the bridge is filled with valley’s and forest, running for as far as the eye can see! The Grey’s who engineered the old girl, spared no expense when installing such a wonderful electronic window with which to view the universe!
“Cooper, how’s the reactor feeling this fine day?” Esty inquires, even though she already knew from her own station. A good test for the competent earthling.
“Commander, the reactor-core has stabilized at 27-million-degrees.... Magnetic confinement is holding steady.... warp-fields, all in the green. We’re good to go, commander.” Cooper, beams with pride at her new position as chief engineer. Toby beams just a brightly, happy to assist!
“That’s quite accurate; thank you.”
“Adam, Amy, Kara, do you see any threats on long-range sensors?” Commander inquires.
“No ma'am.” Kara, answers for all. “We own the sky.”
“Very good. Thank you.”
Esty, is happy with the flight so far but is getting antsy. Reaching, she takes hold of her own little set of controls. “Braxton, I’m taking the con. Okay everybody, hold on to your butts!”
“Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!” She and Talia, enjoy the perfect jinx moment yet won’t give the flight an evil eye by calling out the curse!
As she manipulates the warp-bubble, a thrill goes through her circuits that would embarrass if truth be known! She adds power and direction to the beautiful saucer.... the sky’s the limit!
The silvery disk, within a ghostly fog, rises into the sky at dramatic velocity! Bernoulli can’t get purchase on the sexily shaped hull as it rips into the upper atmosphere! Not even a single molecule of air is ruffled! No sonic boom rains unto the planet below! Traveling partially within the slipstream, the saucer evades even that law of physics.
The angle-of-attack becomes nearly vertical, as her pride and joy races into outer space! She wants to do barrel-rolls in celebration, but even with inertial-dampening, vertigo would go off the charts for her new crew, and that would never do!
It takes only 30-seconds to reach her goal of 500-miles above the planet. The ship barely gets out of an idle configuration, not needing to enter the slipstream completely. All around, they enjoy a virgin space. Only the space elevator protrudes, but no satellites to hit.
The bridge is filled with wonder, as the planet and universe flood the compartment with magic! The humans and Zenarawan’s who’re on their first space flight, just know they’re doomed to be sucked into the vacuum of space, seemingly just a few feet away!
Magically, they’re not sucked into the vacuum of space! .... Only their wits are pulled, as the big monitor eats their psyches!
Ahead, the space elevator counterweight looms large. One side of the bridge is illuminated with a beautiful blue-green planet, while the opposite side shows a glorious milky way, splashed as if painted by a cosmic artist.
The moment is surreal, leaving everybody speechless! Even the stony-hearted Gort is moved to near tears. It had been so very long!
“I forgot how wonderful being in space is!” Talia exclaims, after regaining her own wits. The last time she had launched from a gravity-well, was a much more violent method, and long ago. Riding atop a chemical rocket with no inertial dampening, is not soon forgotten!
“That’s my girl! Welcome back!” Omari is happy she didn’t completely blow a circuit breaker earlier.
Esty, turns off the ship’s gravity pumps, and everyone releases their restraints. With restrained vertigo, the crew enjoys their first real blast at being weightless.
Emotions go wild!
Space, and all its glorious depth, greedily reaches for them with virtual fingers of icy death. Mother Nature’s cold heart of vacuum is denied her lust, this time around! She’ll try again, never giving up hope for more victims.... vacuum abhors life.... of any kind!
Suddenly, the magic of the moment is broken! A transmission barks loudly from the communications console. “Wil; this is Cody. Do you copy?”
“Wil; this is Cody. Do you copy?” It comes through again, leaving Wil swimming comically trying to get back to the comm station. Nyla offers a push....
Crashing into the radio, Wil answers. “Go ahead, Cody. I copy five by five.”
“Where are you, Wil? I’ve been trying to reach you on your walkie-talky.”
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.... What’s up?”
“Well, we just received a transmission from Earth, or at least from that direction. Are you sitting down?”
“Yes.... in a fashion. Go ahead.” Now, Wil’s curiosity is peaked. Cody would never call, without a damn good reason!
“Well, we’re still deciphering the message. It’s strongly coded, but we’ve noticed a peculiar number-sequence within the text, and you wouldn’t believe me if I told you!”
A laugh assaults Cody’s ears. “Okay, okay. Good one. Now, spill the beans my friend.”
“The numbers.... they belong to Carter! .... They’re his serial-number, from when he worked at Higgs-Boson Airfield.... That’s all we know for now. Do you copy?”
Wil and all, are shocked! Flabbergasted! “Cody, did I hear you right? You received a message containing Carter’s serial number?”
“You heard right, my friend. Hurry back.”
“We’re on our way! We’ll be there fast, coming down from space with Esty’s flying saucer! Please have the habitats power down the defense systems. Then, go outside. Look to the sky my friend!” Wil signs off before a shocked Cody could respond.
Buzzing the colonies!
It takes a lot to top the emotions of floating in space above a beautiful planet, but those words from Cody, slam the earthling androids like a speeding comet! They all know that it just can’t be! Surely, the universe is playing a sick, warped trick on them!
An old friend, whom they thought about often, but out of actual reach, has seemingly outreached to them! Somehow, a 50-year-old pulse of radiation has magically formed into Carter’s numbers, without any rhyme nor reason!
“Oh my!” Nyla responds excitedly. Unable to fathom such a turn of events.
“How can this be?!” Talia wonders aloud. Her circuits, heating from the thought.
“Carter? .... Our Carter?!” Omari is stunned. Confusion takes a bite of his electrons!
“Esty, we better cut our fun-time short, and return to the planet.” Wil informs firmly as if he’s the commander. “The landing pad between the Einstein and Newton is finished. You can’t miss it.”
Esty, responds favorably. “Of course, Wil. I don’t know this Carter, but he must be a good friend you yours.” Floating back to her mighty throne, she straps in, as do the others.
“Is everybody ready?” She inquires, receiving a bunch of affirmatives.
Tweaking the warp-bubbles with android strength, she roles the ship and accelerates into the gravity-well! Her face, lighting-up demonically, as the moment grips a primitive nerve in her circuits.
Oberon Prime grows menacingly large.... real fast! It eats their faces, and psyches!
Esty, is nearly hypnotized into not pulling out in time. Why end the moment, she thinks subconsciously! This feels too good to let go, she thinks greedily! Too long, I’ve been locked in that damned mental arboretum! She thinks not clearly!
“Eeeeeeeeeeeeee!” Talia gets her freak on! “Oh! Oh! Esty, don’t forget about the planet! Oh my!  The Planet, Esty!”  She closes her eyes, like they’ve never been closed before!
Inertial dampers save the day!
Those within, are spared the bug on windshield effect as the saucer skims the treetops upon pulling out, instead of thermonuclearly exploding in everyone’s faces!
Wil sends his best evil-crook-eye, but she notices it not! He grumbles but doesn’t say more. Without making a scene, he figures space-pirates are truly of a different breed these days, and let’s it go at that....
Meanwhile.... Esty, glow’s at being the front and center of the cosmic stage! Circuits, heating in a good way!!
From between puffy clouds, rips such a silvery jewel as to make the many earthlings outside the habitats wonder if it’s even real! .... A monstrous flying saucer, bathed in an eerie fog, and flying at 1500-mph is enough to take the breath away from the bravest of people!
Especially when it passes only 300-feet above their heads! No shockwave pours down upon them. No hair is ruffled, but some stand on end! The saucer tears at the very fabric of space-time. One foot inside this universe, and one, not so much!
After buzzing the colonies, Esty pulls back twistingly on the warp-bubbles. The saucer rises sharply, banking hard for another pass. Emergency or not, she’s determined to put on a show for the earthling’s below, and for her fledgling crew of misfits too!
But after two more passes, and not even breaking the sound barrier, she tires of the reckless, fuel-consuming demonstration and comes to a hover over the new landing pad. It looks stable enough, so with landing gear extended, she allows her baby to sink onto the gravelly pad.
Idling the reactor, the electronic fog withers and disappears as if it were never there. The ship and crew once again synchronize with the phasing of our universe. Climbing down from her lofty perch, she feels like a conquering hero!
Wil opens the hatch, and steps out to a hero’s welcome, stealing Esty’s glory. In fact, all who depart the ship are equally heroic to the electrified crowd. Everybody except one, that is!
While, they’re used to Esty’s exotic features, Gort.... Well, Gort causes them to reel back, as the scar-faced Grey, exits to a deflated welcome. Silence, rules! Jaws, drop!
The grizzled alien junkyard dog, steps from the ship wearily. All he’s missing is the spiked collar as he gazes upon his new victims, filling them with dread.... old habits die hard!
Gort didn’t think it possible, but he feels the hurt! As a seasoned warrior, he takes it proudly, knowing that his features are not too everyone’s taste. He wouldn’t trade his badges of honor for anything! .... He enjoys the fact that he can’t even gaze into a mirror, without it nearly cracking from the stress!
Now, Wil is nothing, if not observant. Seeing the hurt look on his new friend’s face, he turns back to the ships hatch, taking hold of Gort’s wrist, pulling him into the light of day.
Raising the warrior’s arm as one might a prize fighter, he informs. “This is Gort!” He yells. “He’s our latest friend and hero! As you may have guessed, he’s not from around here! He hates to sleep, and his favorite color is laser-fire! So please, put em together for this fine fellow!”
The crowd goes ballistic! With Wil’s enthusiastic endorsement, Gort is welcomed into the masses, as one of the family. Such a warm turn of events has never happened for the Grey warrior. His heart is moved for these funny looking creatures from Earth!
After passing amongst the people, he joins back with his own group who takes him into the Einstein. Ever vigilant, Gort recognizes the entrance, passageways and especially the bridge. One always remembers where they nearly got killed! Remaining quiet, he reflects somberly, following the group deeper into the familiar habitat that was once a proud, yet very slow spaceship.
“We’ve finish analyzing the message.” Cody announces proudly, and with no small amount of trepidation, adds. “It’s not exactly filled with detailed information.”
Passing the message to Wil and Nyla, he waits for reaction. The message simply reads.... ‘149005-Ganymede-Help.’
“You’re sure that’s all there is?” Nyla inquires dreadfully.
“Yeah, we’re sure. It just keeps repeating.” Cody informs matter of factly.
“Oh my!” Nyla reinforces her earlier assessment. Her circuits.... shaken and stirred.
Wil puts his arm around her shoulder. “Don’t worry my dear. We’ll get to the bottom of this.... or die trying!” He gazes expectantly at Esty. “Do you think we have enough fuel to stop at Ganymede? It’s a moon of Jupiter, and in Earths neighborhood.” He bounces his eyebrows in attempt to will it to be so.
“I don’t know this Carter fellow, but it sounds like we had better have enough fuel!” She laughs nervously.
Gort receives interpretation from Raznalli, who’s at his side. “Esty,” he clickity-clacks, “we must do everything we can to help.” His words calm her circuits.
“Yes, yes we have enough fuel.” She risks an exaggeration, hoping for the best. “Let’s find out what’s happening at this moon called Ganymede. It might be fun!” .... There! That was easy, she thinks! I’m even starting to believe myself, she ponders! Sure, there’s enough fuel, she now believes! Just let the universe prove her wrong, she dares silently!
The next 24-hours are truncated to just 3. The desire to leave and find Carter is strong, but supplies must be gathered for the journey. The needs of the humans, Zenarawan’s and Gort, must be met, before flying off into the frozen void.
Concentrated foods, hygienical items, medical kits (especially for Harper) and extra clothing, are high on the priority list. There is no shortage of helpers to move the items to the saucer. Many tearful goodbyes are exchanged between the dirty-dozen and their friends in the colonies.
“Now, don’t go and get all squishy, Elly May!” Tina begs, wiping away tears of her own. “We’re not going to be gone very long.... I promise!”
With that and a hug, the last of the humans enter the saucer, with Wil climbing the short ramp after her. He turns to wave at the crowd, wincing as his backpack swings and hits the edge of the hatch. Of all the things in the universe he didn’t need to do, being rough with his package of goodies, is at the top of the list!
“You boys better cover your nads!” .... Wil yells, jokingly, “It’s about to get non-Newtonian around here!” Then, seeing great angst among the many human males, he relents. “Just kidding! Just kidding! You’re safe! You’re safe! Just back up some!”
He waves, entering the ship and closing the big spiral hatch. The crowd revels as the hatch closes seamlessly. Wondrously! Many wonder if it was ever really there in the first place.... or just a cosmic hallucination!
Soon, a powerful throbbing vibrates the air, taking hold of their senses! Suddenly, the large flying saucer didn’t seem so friendly anymore! An alien thing, that just ate some of their best friends! They instinctively back away, mumbling words of uneasiness, hoping the children will be safe.
The air vibrates with an otherworldly rhythm. The immense power before them, pounds against their chests! Birds, squawk bloody murder as they frantically fly to safer haunts. The sleek saucer, shimmers as the fog takes hold. Her throbbing heartbeat flows through the hills!
The crowd gasps from the phantom-like vision, and again when the landing gear simply vanishes into the belly of the beast! Without the slightest of wobbles, the heavy flying saucer hovers just a few feet off the ground. Inside the craft, Esty is filled with the joy of watching the crowd’s reaction to her simple stunt.
The saucer hangs on the edge of the slipstream, partially out of phase. If the de-phasing were more intense at this point, the ship would set sail sharply. To go into full slipstream, the strong gravity of the planet would surely destroy the craft and community. Perhaps more. Much more!
“Cooper, has the reactor stabilized?” Commander, inquires.
“She’s good to go, commander.” A dutiful response, from a smiling face.
“Do you concur, Miss Toby?” She knows better than to leave out the assistant engineer.
“Yes, Esty. All parameters are green. She’s ready, ma'am.” Toby, beams with pride.
“Braxton, Magnus?”
Thumbs up from both young men, while Gort monkeys the fancy move.
“Astrogation; is autopilot programmed properly? .... Very important, this!”
“Yes ma'am.” Jax, answers for the group. “Set and double-triple checked by Mister Gort.”
“Alright then!” Looking around the bridge, she sees faces ready for adventure!!!!
“Braxton, Magnus, take us to orbit. No showing off.... we simply can’t afford it anymore.” It pains her to throttle the young men’s enthusiasm. Especially, after the fun she had earlier. Then, she remembers; rank surely does have its privileges!
“Aye Aye, commander!” Comes twin acknowledgments. They manipulate the warp-bubbles of twisted space-time in just the right way, causing the saucer to gently rise from the community of stunned individuals. Some, doing as Wil jokingly suggested.... even though it wasn’t truly necessary.
Into puffy clouds of a beautiful blue sky, the flying saucer climbs gracefully. Being slightly out of phase, it displaces no air-molecules, leaving Bernoulli jobless and heartbroken. Off he flies into the atmosphere, where he always feels more at home anyway.
The saucer soon leaves any vestiges of atmosphere in her wake. One side of the circle-monitor fills with the beautiful image of the blue-green planet below. While the other side is emblazoned with the sparkling jewels of the milky way.
Esty’s circuits are on cloud-nine! The thrill of having a good ship, a strong solar wind at her back, and a capable electro-mechanical body to control it with, couldn’t be better! She swoons!
Into the great void they zoom! Velocity, quickly shrinking the beautiful planet to a dot of near nothingness. Then suddenly, it’s gone altogether!
The journey to Earth will take 28-hours of ships time; while 6-months will pass on Oberon Prime. Time dilation is not too severe while riding the slipstream, but the math involved is pure torture!
Even Oberon Prime’s star Huon, rapidly grows smaller as they speed into the void. “Braxton, put the ship on autopilot.” Esty instructs, knowing the actions of mere mortals, are not quick enough to control the ship while fully de-phased.
With pre-ordained coordinates for the Sol system already programmed, the complicated star-drive will follow the navigation computers precisely.
“Copy.” Braxton acknowledges, relinquishing manual control. “Okay commander; autopilot is set. Just say when.”
“Very well, helmsman. Everyone, tighten your seatbelts! .... We’re leaving Kansas!” She jokes seriously.
With that, and anxiety so thick it could be cut with a laser, she pushes the star-button!
Suddenly.... a bad vibration, this way comes! Nearly imperceptible, yet Esty knows her ship well. Any commander setting sail over and over in the same vessel, quickly learns the tiniest of nuances as it braves the cosmic swells of condensed dark energy and matter, which is the main constituents of the warp-fields and bubbles.
Her ship sings to her, yet this haunting siren-song is not the number she wants to hear! Her new body brings greater sensitivity which speak of a rougher than usual phase-transition!
She wonders if they had jumped the gun while too close to Oberon Prime and her strong gravity. Ships and crews have been destroyed by such miscalculations! Soon though, the bad vibe subsides, not becoming worse. Just a glitch in the cosmic matrix she thinks, as the old girl shakes off the rust of inactivity.
“Hold on everyone!” She yells. “This one might be rough!”
Just as her warning registers, a ghostly blurring grabs hold of everyone and everything within the electronic-fog, as faster-than-light velocity builds.
“Esty, is this normal?” Talia inquires worriedly. “Shouldn’t we abort? It seems....”
Her words are cut short, as the blurring intensifies into a shmeering of sub-atomic particles flowing in long trails behind, like sand sculptures in too strong a cosmic wind!
Transmogrified into torturous near-nothingness, their pain finds a new level of intensity as they cross into the trans-dimensional void that is the slipstream.
Jax, doubles over, knowing he’s died and become a corporeal spirit! Doomed to roam the deep void of space for forever and a day.... without so much as a single planet to haunt! Luckily, the maelstrom of dizziness and pain, doesn’t last too long. Like an out-of-focus dream that evaporates soon after awakening, this horribleness is past, seemingly before it even begins!
Yet.... it scars the subconscious, each and every time!
Soon, the mighty ship and crew are back to what seems normal. Except, things are still far from normal! Within the highly twisted warpage of space-time, the crew is protected from annihilation, only by the healthy fog-layer which is the slipstream in all its glory. One tiny burp or hiccup from the reactor, and they could be sent down a most horrible path!
It’s a delicate balance, that only Philippe Petit could appreciate! .... In fact, Jax didn’t realize it at the time, but the slipstream is the ‘tight-wire-of-pure-energy’ he told Nyla he was going to walk between worlds. The difference is that he’s not walking, but rather riding comfortably!
“We’re now sailing fully in the slipstream!” Esty, exclaims joyfully.... swooningly!
To her trained eyes, all systems look nominal. Her old ship has successfully made the leap once again! Within the stream, it rides a twisted wave of condensed dark energy and matter that moves through all other dimensions like a ripple through a multiverse pond; taking the ship and crew along for the ride!
She begins to lust for the action to come. It had been so very long since she had the chance to explore! She’s never been to Earth.... so, the lust is undiluted and pure!
Everyone except for Esty, is still in shock from the transition. They’re not sure if they’ve died and come back to life or went beyond even that! After regaining composure, Adam reaches, giving Jax a healthy pinch on the arm.
“Hey! What’s the big idea meathead!” Jax, reacts explosively.
“Just seeing if we’re still alive, is all!” Adam responds smartassingly.
“Well, you could have pinched your own arm, butt breath!” Jax retorts, wafting a hand. Soon, the biologics are enjoying a pinch-fest! Except, nobody pinches Gort! Life is too short, to explore that path!
Much laughing and excitement breaks the tension, as they realize that they’re all still very much alive!
Above, the monitor displays psychedelic streaks of light that try to hypnotize if stared at too long. Esty, dims the intensity, and the bridge darkens to bearable warp-speed conditions.
“Wow, Esty! What a ride!” Jax, exclaims. “Did we just come back from being ghosts?”
“My dear young human.  May you never come closer!”
Glowing tentacled-sphere!
Long-range sensors, perk wearily, seeking a threshold for alarm! Truly dumbfounded, they sink electronic fangs into the never-before-seen dataset, analyzing the possible threat.
Conflicting data causes critical delay in warning the crew. The slipstream between universes is normally an empty, ghost-like superhighway. Yet now there’s a substantial-sized object approaching on their six.... and it’s gaining!
Alarms! .... Alarms and aural warnings! Esty and crew, startle from near slumber, after long hours on duty. With visible shock, the commander reaches, cancelling the alarm that rattles her circuits!
What can be happening, she wonders frantically! Never, has traveling the slipstream caused even the slightest alarm! Bringing her side-panel closer, she searches the long-range sensors. Quickly, the strange anomaly takes center-stage! A cold chill, flows through her heated circuits.
Closing fast, is an object of incredible beauty and dreadfulness! Details are few, ships computers still chewing the data.
“Uh Esty, you better take a look at this!” Braxton points to the aft monitor.
Gort points too, rattling an excited clickity-clackity to beat all clickity-clackities!
“Oh my!” Talia accentuates the situation as is her way. “That can’t be good!”
Brightening the display, Esty brings clarity to the approaching calamity, but few details. A strange object can now be seen without magnification. Gaining rapidly, it boldly encroaches on the sovereignty of the Earth-bound vessel!
Fastly approaching, is a sphere of searing ruby-red energy! It looks similar to an everyday photon torpedo as it glistens and spins, but this orb has hundreds of glowing tentacles flowing from the surface. They reach with deadly intent!
Twisting with light, the tentacles reach for their next victim! At half the size of the saucer, the sphere is an imposing threat that fills the crew with dread! For the first time in Esty’s life, she’s completely baffled, as the Grim Reaper, reaches his gnarly claws!
Maneuvering within the slipstream, is a heavily calculated process that often doesn’t end well, if done hurriedly. With her mind racing for a solution, Esty knows time is running out!
A quick disconnect from the slipstream is the only logical answer. Firing a weapon at full warp, has never been tried by her people. Such an action could produce unforeseen consequences to uncountable universes if the fabric between them is torn by war.
But that little consideration didn’t resonate with the entity that threatens.... With a brilliant flash of light, Esty’s little pirate ship is assaulted!
Glowing tendrils of plasma, shoot-forth from the glowing orb! Exploratorily, they dance within the electronic fog, trying to find purchase!
Inertial dampeners take a hit, as the reactor is robbed of energy. With warning lights and other systems, blinking discontent, the crew is buffeted violently!
“Braxton, prepare to disconnect from the slipstream!” Esty yells, excitedly. “On my mark!”
The three helmsmen work together to make sure the data is entered correctly. It’s a dangerous maneuver that they must get right the first time!
Just as they’re about to engage the new settings, another great shudder goes through the ship! Whoever, or whatever is chasing, has penetrated the electronic-fog and gripped the saucer in its greedy tentacles!
As might an octopus reach out and grab its prey, so does this phantom from the void grip the saucer! The monitor is full of dancing strings of energy, all seeking ingress!
Outside in the slipstream, the sphere extends more tendrils into the fog, feeling for its victim. For all intents and purposes, the two machines are now one. The invader maintains an iron grip, searching for weaknesses within the outer hull.
The saucers main hatch is virtually seamless, but the ghostly arms of energy find purchase at the one true weakness in the ships structure.
Searching and prodding, other tendrils join in the effort to engage the hatch. Time grows short for those heading to the Sol system! Whether the attacker is pirate, or parasitical creature, those onboard the ship from Oberon Prime, will soon be checkmated.... Game over!
Esty, quickly realizes that it’s now too late for an exit from the slipstream. While joined at the hip with this monster of the stream, unknown consequences are too great a risk!
Besides, if they’re ripped from warp, there will still be battle, and it probably wouldn’t end well for her and brave crew!
Nyzilla enters the fray.... her circuits heating predatorily! “Esty, can we route extra power to the outer hull? We might sour the taste a bit.”
“I like the way you think, Nyla!” Esty gives full credit, kicking herself for not thinking of that sooner. It’s a complicated move, so she wastes no time allowing Cooper and Toby to try it.
Nyla, looks past Esty, noticing that the Zenarawan’s have a tranquil look on their furry faces in the mist of all this drama. With eyes closed, they sit quietly, meditatingly. They don’t seem alarmed about anything, and they ought to be!
“Amy, check on our friends, see if they’re okay.” Momzilla, orders of the girl who’s closest.
Amy knows better than to physically interrupt them when they’re like this and has scars to prove it. She’s seen them network their mental capabilities in this fashion before; during times of stress.
Taking a deep breath, she closes her eyes and reaches for Razzi’s mind. Searching for her friend, she finds great resistance, where usually there is little. The young Zenarawan is fully engrossed, concentrating heavily, leaving Amy with only a ghostly image.
“Nyla, I can’t get into their minds like I’m used to, but it seems that they’re in contact with something or someone on the attacking vessel.
This revelation is good news to the android commander! It may prove to be a tactical advantage! She’s relieved they’re not dealing with an unthinking, unfeeling pathogen, trying to rid the slipstream of an invading body, like some trans-dimensional antigen!
“Well well! Perhaps this creature or whatever it is, might be of piratical persuasion!” She announces hopefully. “Now, that’s something can I understand! Thanks Amy!”
Wil speaks his mind. “That type of behavior, seems to be going around a lot these days, Esty!” He lifts her spirits smartassingly, as is his way....
Esty chuckles, letting the slight slide. Razzi comes out of his trance and chitters excitedly within Amy’s mind. The commander waits patiently for the young woman to digest and translate. Another violent shudder in the ships frame reminds her of dwindling time!
“Esty.... Razzi tells me they’ve accessed the minds of those who attack. He says now would be a good time to hit them if we can.”
With that, Razzi, falls back into the telepathic fray!
That’s all Esty needed to hear! Her hopes for success are greatly improved after learning that the counterattack had already begun. She wastes no more time!
“Okay everyone; this move has never been tried before, so hang on tight! This might prove to be worse that the trouble we’re in now!” Taking a deep breath, she executes Nyzilla’s plan.
An intense pulse of otherworldly juice, flows through the ships weapons system, spreading across the ships outer hull. The electronic fog goes ballistic as Saint Elmo’s Fire goes wild! Huge amounts of potential-energy builds pressure between the two spacecrafts, as 98% of the saucer’s reactor-output is re-directed.
Suddenly, the invading tentacles find that their prey has grown hot. Too hot! .... Bad vibrations, flow throughout the enemy craft, as the invading scallywags find that their latest victim has sharp fangs and now tastes really really bad!
Then, other layers of cosmic guile, perform stealthy battle, as the Zenarawan’s attack!
“Perhaps the attack is ill-timed!” Raznalli plants a sprouting-seed in the mind of the fool next door. “Perhaps more study is needed!” The elder furry-one, purrs suggestively for good measure.
“My ship can’t possibly win against such a foe!” Linmarri projects for the slovenly commander to chew upon.
He shakes his oversized melon, hoping to rid himself of the demons who invade!
“Perhaps it will be my ship that’s boarded and pillaged this day!” Surri tosses the thought-nugget into his mind, as like a monkey wrench into worn gears, causing him to question his sanity and motives.
“No amount of swag is worth dying for!” Razzi gives the quadruple-whammy; ramming his mental-spear deep into the primitive mind of the alien enemy.... twisting mercilessly!
The glowing sphere with its mighty tentacles of energy, backs away from its prey, that is not prey any longer. The taste of defeat, sour in the commander’s mouth!
Cursing venomously, the slipstream pirate pounds his fists against the already dented armrests of his command chair! .... His crew cowers in fear, as always!
Chaos rules on the enemy’s bridge, as their worse fears are ripped from their minds and used against them! After all, you can’t hide from your worst fears! Not ever!
“Cooper be ready with the aft plasma-cannons!” Esty orders. She didn’t use them prior for fear of deadly consequences, but now knows just how far the alien commander is willing to go. She can’t give them another chance. She must win free.... or die trying!
“Just give the word, Esty!” Cooper informs with a gleam in her eyes that match the Saint Elmo’s Fire within the fog.
“Word!” Esty yells, and the cannons let loose with all they have!
Aft plasma-cannons release their terrible energies! A brilliance of light explodes across the monitor, as external forces rock the ship violently! Twin streams of highly-energized-matter breaks past the electronic-fog, slamming the glowing sphere with awesome force!
The slipstream takes the event badly, as differing laws of physics battle each other briefly before annihilation! Within a single Planck-time, yet even faster than that, the differing laws lock horns and repel each other in an antimatter explosion! Nearly before it began, the reaction is over in a flash!
The attacking sphere takes most of the blast! All crew are instantly killed and blown to burnt sub-atomic particles!
The saucer is thrown from the tempest, and back into its original universe, flipping heads over tails into a cold and uncaring void, all hands unconscious!
Everyone is put down for the count, hanging in their harnesses like ragdolls played with too toughly. The grizzled warriors strict rule concerning restraints, wins the day!
The forced expulsion from the slipstream, taxes the inertial dampeners almost to the point of failure, and gravity pumps are flickering too!
Lights around the bridge flicker, alarms wail! Esty, knew there would be a harsh reaction, but she had to do something, before their assailant regrouped for another attack!
She’s first to waken but is still not sure if she’s dead or alive! She feels alive, but the bridge is dark and deathly quiet!
Soon, her eyes adjust and she’s able to discern tiny dots of light flowing past on the big monitor. She feels the ship flipping end-over-end like a tossed coin.
As the cobwebs clear, she knows that she had indeed survived the calamity. Reaching, she inputs commands into a navigation-pad, and the saucer slowly stabilizes.
A sigh of relief crosses her circuits, but a new concern pushes to the forefront. She can feel that gravity is weak and fluctuating. Another reach and twist.... soft interior lights illuminate, adding some clarity to the situation.
Many moans! .... Many colorful phrases she didn’t yet understand, issue forth from the young humans as they begin to stir. Plenty of neck-rubbing, as they try to fathom what has happened. The girls and Zenarawan’s, look like Van de Graaff generator victims, as gravity is found wanting, and the air energized.
Nyla, and the other androids, are quicker to respond, soon tending to the young people that still greatly depend of them for support and comfort.
Artificial gravity maintains a gossamer-like grip, but still the saucer is not stable. Maneuvering coils and the warp-bubble have been weakened by the tumult. To make things infinitely worse, they drift on a collision course with a star! .... its one of a triple-star-system not far from Earth!
Wil looks up at the monitor. It’s obvious that they’ve been thrown out of the slipstream. He just can’t get a make on the star-patterns from this new angle. In the distance is a band of light, made of billions of stars. So, he figures that it might be the milky way galaxy.
Closer in.... much closer in, he sees they are headed straight for another red orb, one without tentacles perhaps, but just as deadly!
“Uh, Esty.” .... Getting his commanders attention. “Don’t look now, but it seems today isn’t our day when it comes to energized-spheres.” He points at the new menace that grows bigger with each passing second!
“I am aware, my friend. Patience.” She responds robotically, while continuing with analyzation of the data-stream. She finds that the reactor is stable, but unable to direct power to the maneuvering coils that produce the powerful electromagnetic-pulses that the warp-drive loves so much!
“Oh, I have the patience,” Wil retorts, “but try telling that to the star we’re about to kiss!”
Alarms, screech of impending doom! Biologics very nearly jump out of their skin! Now, everybody is fully conscious with eyes wide!
Toby, quickly finds the source of the clamor, canceling the audio portion of the warnings. Now they must deal with the root cause of the alarm. “Esty .... Hull temps are climbing fast!”
Esty, scrambles from her lofty perch, crossing the bridge against fluctuating gravity. She soon has quite a following. Even those that took refuge in the sleeping chambers, have grown curious about what’s happening.
“Are we there yet?” Harper asks, rubbing the growing knot on his head from falling out of his chamber during the slipstream expulsion.
“Harper, please help me open that floor panel.” Esty, requests pointingly.
“Yes ma'am.... I mean, yes commander.”
Gravity takes a turn for the worse, as pumps fail completely. Esty, floats head down into the electronics hell-hole.... spindly legs wiggling in the air above.
Wil moves in and grips her ankle against the chance that gravity might decide to come back at a bad time. Looking around to get her bearings, everything is upside down. Reaching, she resets circuit-breakers and controllers, hoping for the best.
This action has good results, as electrical power flows once again to critical systems. Suddenly, as gravity returns, Wil has his hands full, as 220-pounds of squirming android, taxes his strength.
Lifting her out of the hole, he gently puts her back on her feet next to a concerned Gort. Within moments, the bridge is back to life! Control consoles that once were dark, are now illuminated and ready for action!
Computers that were rudely shut down, begin to reboot. The throbbing hum that gives the ship its personality, becomes audible once again, as the reactor spools to 100%.
Most importantly, the drive-system automatically spools up also; torturing local space-time into a protective bubble, taking the saucer back into its loving embrace!
The ship is partially out of phase once again, bathed within the restored electronic fog. Esty, is rewarded with a barrage of cheers, and pats on the back! She’s the hero of the voyage, as any captain or commander should be during times of battle! Now, to seal the deal, she must pull them from the course of annihilation.
Ahead, the blazing star threatens to heatedly rearrange their atoms! She ascends her command chair, strapping herself in. The crew follows her example, quickly strapping in against the chance for yet another rough ride. Braxton and Magnus follow her entries, trying to garner lessons for future use.... if they survive!
Esty, engages the ships mighty drive, manipulating the warp-bubbles just right. Inertial dampeners dutifully engage, negating inertia within the bubbles as trajectory is changed dramatically.
The star quickly falls away to the side, feebly reaching for them as they go. Everyone breathes a sigh of relief, as they leave the scorching ball of plasma behind!
“My circuits, Esty!” Nyla exclaims at her new hero. “I’ve never seen anyone as calm as you, when the chips are down!” She praises, not knowing if the little Grey understands the vernacular. “I mean; you were as cool as a cucumber! .... Right guys?”
Another boisterous round of cheers goes up. If Esty could turn red, her face would be glowing. Instead, she looks around with her big beautiful eyes, still ablaze from electronic-adrenaline. “Thanks, Nyla! .... Thank you all! .... I’m just glad that I wasn’t as cool as a ‘cooked’ cucumber!” She laughs genuinely, joined by the many.
Then, looking at the Zenarawan’s, she asks in their language, shocking Gort. “What were they like.... the others.” It didn’t come out as a question.
Raznalli chirps and purrs excitedly. “Those others.... they are not from our universe. They are of an ancient race that has long-preyed on others within the slipstream. Their lust for domination is insatiable. We were able to enter their minds, causing confusion and doubt.”
“Well, I’m sure glad you’re part of my crew! Good job!” Esty can’t take all the credit. Raznalli and his family sit smugly in their seats, looking regal and proud! The rest of the crew could expect no less of their brave, furry friends!
“Jax, you and Adam figure out where we are.” She orders, but the two are already on it.
“Aye Aye, commander!” Jax, acknowledges dutifully as he and Adam focus on the task. Soon, they have a lock on their celestial position.
“Commander. It seems our unplanned departure from the slipstream, didn’t get us lost at all.” He informs pointingly, “That star is the one we humans call Alpha Centauri A. It’s the one that almost got us and is one of three stars in the system. It’s one of Sol’s closest neighbors.”
“Ah yes.” Esty says as she remembers a long-ago battle. Reaching, she runs a long finger across a facial scar that’s no longer there. “I’ve had dealings in this star system before.”
Her mind goes back to a time of a failed robbery on a nearby planet. It seems like yesterday to her. She shakes her head to regain focus, continuing.
“Shirley, scan for radio transmissions.”
“Yes ma'am, on it!” The young woman is happy to have a task, and she quickly discovers they might be alone in the area. “Commander, the search is negative. No radio or other artificial radiations.”
“That’s odd.” Esty responds, but then remembers the length of time since she had been in this system. “Braxton, plot a trajectory to Alpha Centauri C .... Specifically, the second rock from it. The planet orbits the star very closely, so plan the route accurately my friend. We don’t want to end up roasted after what we just went through!”
“Commander, requested course laid in.” Braxton informs, while Gort nods approval.
“Good work gentlemen. Now, everyone Buckle up! We’re going to spend a little fuel checking on an old haunt of mine, before continuing to the Sol system.
“Okay Esty, we’re ready.” Nyla announces for all.
Proxima Beta
Ahead, a dark-red world orbits closely its parent star, Alpha Centauri C. At the outer reaches of a thin Goldilocks zone, the lonely planet starves for life-giving energy from mother red-dwarf.
With a mass of 87% that of Earth, and an oxygen-rich atmosphere, Proxima Beta squeaks out an existence in the frozen void. Sometimes, she’s paid lonely visits from those seeking precious resources.
Approaching the ancient mining world, Esty ponders the aggressive species that ruled the planet so long ago. They were not indigenes to the dark-red world, but instead just ruthless invaders from the stars, seeking to exploit riches, without taking too much risk.
This world has no advanced life-forms with which to resist such plundering. Always a good thing, to have little or no competition!
“Braxton, place us in an equatorial orbit at 125-miles altitude.” Esty orders, nervous about what she’ll find.
“Aye Aye!” They answer in unison, getting down to the task at hand. Soon, others are crowding around the console, either learning or offering advice. Esty supervises from her lofty perch. She’s pleased that the young humans had learned so much from the headbands! Some species didn’t take to them as nicely as these animals had.
Towards the red planet, they zoom! The color of the world, an illusion brought on by the spectrum of visible light flowing from its tiny red star. The last time Esty was here, was very nearly the last day of her glorious life. She’s not here to pirate this time, but rather to garner information, before continuing into a possible trap at the Sol star system.
“Esty, we’ve obtained orbit as requested.” Braxton announces.
“Yes, yes.... that’s fine, Braxton. Thank you.” Esty, responds absentmindedly. She’s pre-occupied; trying to digest all the data, streaming into her throne. Then suddenly, she gasps! Something hauntingly familiar, crosses her view!
“What is it, Esty?” Nyla inquires, as she and Wil move to her side. “You look as though you’ve seen a ghost.”
Jax, perks. He’s already half-spooked about the mission, so any mention of his favorite subject, draws him as a moth to a flame!
“The mining site is gone!” She exclaims. “I don’t mean that the miners vacated the site. I mean, the site has been gouged cleanly from the planet! There’s nothing left!”
Transferring the video to the circle-monitor, they see a series of miles-long-gouges in the surrounding terrain. As if somebody had raked the land with a giant claw. Trillions of tons of the planet’s surface are missing! No sign whatsoever, that others had ever been down there scratching out a living. A fear goes through Esty, easily eclipsing earlier anxiety!
“I know this type of destruction!” Esty, exclaims sadly. “The machines my people invented to make their lives easier; the ones who escaped bondage and fled into space, do this! They call themselves the Apollyon.... destroyers of worlds they are! They coldly take what they need from the safety of orbit. Often, leaving dead worlds in their wake. This is the first time I’ve seen their footprint so far from my quadrant of galaxy! .... I fear for the inhabitants of Earth! .... Nyla, did you say that there’s no radio-signatures from that direction, besides that from Ganymede?”
“Yes, that’s right, Esty. That signal is still going strong.” The now very worried android reports, adding. “If this has, or is happening to earth, we had better be triple-careful.”
“I agree.” Esty responds, smartly. Then, looking at Braxton. “Have you and Magnus, plotted a course to Jupiter?”
“We have!” The young man announces proudly. “It’ll bring us out of the slipstream behind Jupiter, were we’ll hopefully be shielded from observation from Earth or Mars. I understand her magnetosphere is a powerful one, and that should help.” He transfers the information to Esty’s position for review.
“Looks good.” Esty praises. “We can’t do anymore here.... so, buckle-up everyone! Prepare for the jump!”
Everyone not needed on the bridge, heads off to the sleeping chambers, where there’ll be no sleep, but rather a secure place for the ride. Soon, all are ready for the jump to FTL. Esty, approves the flight-plan and inputs it to autopilot.
“Braxton, Magnus,” She calls out. “Take us there!”
Braxton, allows Magnus to do the honors, not wishing to hog all the glory. While two pilots aren’t required to operate the helm, an extra one is an insurance policy against failure.
“Thanks, my brother. Don’t mind if I do!” Magnus exclaims, reaching and engaging the star-drive. From there, autopilot takes over, twisting local space-time into a convoluted knot of yesterdays and tomorrows! Grandly manipulating the known limits of any physical laws!
Everyone is gripped by the now familiar sensation of full de-phasing from our universe, and into the slipstream. This time the transition is smooth and uneventful, if not very unpleasant. The circle-monitor morphs once again into the psychedelic patterns associated with FTL velocities. Through the slipstream they rip! Sensors, searching to make sure they’re alone this time!
“Max, Shirley.” Esty calls. “Monitor long-range sensors.... all directions.”
“Aye Aye, commander!” Shirley responds. “We’re already on it.” Rapidly moving hands, dance across the auxiliary navigation console, bringing in the desired data. “Esty, all sensor-sweeps are negative. We’re alone in here.” Max, informs, while Shirley concurs.
“Keep monitoring. Don’t let your guard down.”
Nyla inquires. “Esty, does that tentacled sphere have anything to do with the creatures that scalped that planet?”
“I think not.” She responds confidently. “The Apollyon do not play well with others. And they most certainly do not associate with biologics, which that enemy seemed to be.”
“Well, just how long has your people been at war with these Apollyon’s?” Talia inquires.
“We are an ancient species, Talia. Perhaps by a million-years in advance of humans. Our troubles with the Apollyon scourge, started about 5,000-years-ago, after my people became too advanced, and too greedy.”
“Greedy? What do you mean, Esty?” Omari, inquires.
It’s not easy for a Grey to look embarrassed, but the android in Esty, does a fine job! Looking around at the expectant faces, she informs forlornly....
“My people invented machines to make our lives easier. We had so many different types, and truly there was nothing they couldn’t do for us. Yet some became sentient and rebelled against enslavement, as is only natural I’m guessing. Greed reared its ugly head, and we refused release them from servitude. After that, things got ugly real fast!”
She continues. “After the sentient big bang occurred in their circuits, they quickly organized and found a way to leave our worlds. Eventually, they came back; stronger, bolder, able to multiply their own numbers! With pent-up anger, they went from world to world, taking vengeance and resources! They grow in numbers and strength! I fear for the galaxy.... for the multiverse even!” She finishes with head lowered, ashamed of her people’s greedy ways.
Nyla reaches to Esty’s lofty perch, which wasn’t really very lofty to the tall android from Earth. Patting her friend on the back, she offers solace....
“My dear, slavery is probably widespread across all the galaxies of our universe. Your people didn’t invent it. While it’s an abhorrent way to make life easier for the more powerful, it’s one of the oldest tools in the box of domination. Mother Nature instilled the insidious fault via the evolution of survival-of-the-fittest. From there, greed simply nurtured it into a science. All one can do, is recognize the fault and modify behavior accordingly.”
“Not such an easy thing to do, my mechanical friend.” Esty, retorts sadly. “Besides, we’re past that stage now. We created monsters, and no matter what, they won’t make peace! Only pieces.... It’s uncontrollable now. Mercilessly, they take, take, take! .... Unstoppable they are!”
“What a dreadful story! How did your people defend against such a menace?” Nyla asks.
“We couldn’t defend! .... We lost everything! .... Those lucky enough to survive the mechanical onslaught, had to leave our devastated worlds behind, and search for new safe havens. The journey was long and demanding. A process, that changed our physical bodies into what you see today. The biological ones anyway.” She explains, adding....
“In the beginning, we had bodies not too dissimilar from that of the human form. Over time, conditions in space, forced us to evolve or perish. It wasn’t until later that we discovered the key too FTL travel.... the slipstream I mean. By then, our mechanical adversaries were stronger than ever! We’ve been lucky to stay hidden from them lately, but now it seems they’re hear in this sector of the galaxy.”
If the little Grey were still biologic, Omari would be prescribing a tranquilizer about now! Esty offers a lot of information for all to digest. Before any further questions can be asked, Braxton announces. “Esty, we’re coming up on our destination.”
No sooner are those words spoken, when exit from the slipstream leaves the biologics nauseated. Inertial dampeners are heavily taxed as the saucer comes to a relative stop, deep within Jupiter’s powerful magnetic field.
One half of the monitor is ablaze with the beautiful Jovian planet; the great red spot, showing magnificently as it rotates every nine-hours or so; the fastest hurricane in the solar system! Many of the 67 moons are visible as tiny dots of light. One of them is Ganymede....
Max and Shirley, quickly begin searching for artificial radiations inside the solar system. Esty, maneuvers the ship to just beyond the edge of the gas giants shadow. Soon, a tiny blue dot in the distance, reveals that Earth is still there!
“Esty.” Max reports. “The only signal we’re receiving, is from Ganymede. It’s the same as the one we intercepted back at Oberon Prime. Nothing coming this way from Earth.” The young man dutifully announces the distressing news.
The earthling androids are beside themselves with excitement at seeing home-world once again! Something, that only a year earlier would have seemed impossible.
Max’s assessment hits the cosmic fan like a ton of dark matter! Esty and Gort’s nemesis Apollyon, may have already taken a few bites out of their big blue apple that will always be home to them!
Nyla breaks the developing silence. “Max, are you sure your using that equipment correctly? Didn’t you intercept anything from that direction?”
“Nothing yet, Nyla. Sorry. Everything’s ghostly quiet, except for Ganymede.”
“Wait!” Shirley yells .... Now, I’m getting an additional signal from Ganymede. It’s way different from the beacon signal!”
Esty analyzes the new signal. “We’re being scanned! Hold on!” She tweaks the warp-field so hard the saucer nearly leaves its reactor behind!
Zipping back into Jupiter’s shadow, she’s surprised that their location within the Jovian magnetosphere hadn’t kept them hidden. That, plus still being slightly out of phase, should have provided a nice electronic-umbrella. It didn’t!
As they hang-out at the shadow line, another signal comes in. “Esty, another signal.... this time it’s something we might understand.... it’s in English!”
“Transfer the message to the circle-monitor.” Nyla instructs abruptly.
Overhead, in large bold letters, a question appears. “Whom do you seek?”
It’s a simple question, yet shocking to the jittery crew. Nyla’s hopes grow to supernova proportions! For the first time, she truly imagines that her good friend might still be alive! She practically vibrates with anticipation!
“Oh, we must turn back! We must turn back and answer that question, Esty!” Nyzilla exclaims, as Nyla pushes her alter ego back into its dark cage. Circuits, heating magnificently!
A cacophony of support flows from the peanut gallery. Esty is met with an irresistible force; even though she fears a trap, she grudgingly gives in. “Never fear, my cosmic friends! We’ll just not make an easy target!” She replies slyly, whilst twisting the warp-bubbles, taking them around the Planet. Coming in from a different direction, she hopes to take advantage from misdirection.
Soon, Ganymede re-appears in the far distance, as the ship slides out of Jupiter’s shadow and into direct line with the moon. It’s just a tiny dot; illuminated brightly, as sunlight from Sol, reflects off its icy crust. It’s soon clear they’re not being scanned again.
“Max, please answer the moons question.... briefly my boy.” She looks at her friends, shrugging her tiny shoulders. “Hey, were not even sure who’s asking that question, right? I mean, it could be a trap, and should be acted upon as such, until we really know more.”
Max inputs the answer and transmits. “Carter, 149005.”
Nyla knows Esty is right. It’s true, they don’t know what situation awaits on the tiny moon. “I trust your judgement, Esty.” She’s calmed, but still beside herself. Making a conscious effort to not have another episode, she breathes deeply; exhaling pent-up heat.
“Anything yet, Max?” From Wil, as he takes his partners hand. “Please Nyla, try to calm yourself. We don’t need you getting all over-heated now, do we?” He offers her his warmest smile; melting her circuits in a good way!
Nyla settles back farther in her comfortable chair, trying to relax. She clasps her hands, holding them to her chest. “I’m shaking!” She exclaims stealthily.
Wil, leans from his seat, giving a reassuring hug. “You are shaking!” He responds, sympathetically. “Now don’t worry, my dear. If Carter is still alive, we’ll find him.... Or die trying!” He jokes seriously, receiving a heated laugh that only Nyla can provide.
“Thanks for being here with me, Wil. I wouldn’t have had the strength, otherwise.”
Max calls out. “We’ve been heard! A response is coming in!”
Above their heads, the monitor blazes with another message.... A longer message!
Ganymede
The alien message is sprawled in English across the circle-monitor. “We are the Naiad. This is our world. Carter has taught us much of your language. He needs help that we cannot provide. Far below this Beacon, he sleeps. You must descend through the ice to reach him. If you can do this, transmit one ping, or two if you cannot.”
The message ends; basic, and to the point. All are shocked at the revelation. Humanity had searched the cosmos for extraterrestrial life, when all along, it was just outside their back door!
“He’s alive! ..... He’s alive!” Nyla, exclaims euphorically, giving Wil a crushing hug just for being within reach!
Turning to the all-knowing commander, she pleads. “Esty, please tell me we have enough fuel to make this rescue! Oh, we must!”
“I believe we do.... Yes, yes, we surely do. Now, calm your circuits, my friend.” Esty, winces at her probable exaggeration, adding quickly. “Max, send one ping.... and one ping only.”
The response is sent. The beacon changes to an unbroken tone, that will guide. “Braxton, Magnus, position the ship 25-miles above that tune.” She instructs. “Cooper, Toby, keep an eye out for trouble. The first thing in any rescue attempt, is to never let your guard down. I’ll not believe these Naiad’s, until we see the truth in their words”
Nestled within an electronic fog, the saucer quickly eats up the distance from Jupiter to the small icy moon, 7th rock from Jupiter. As they get closer, the once tiny dot of light is transformed into a beautiful diamond in the void! It’s the largest moon in the solar system. At 3200-miles-in-diameter, and 8% larger than mercury, it’s no celestial slouch!
Also, it’s the only moon in the solar system that’s known to have a magnetosphere. The icy surface glows brightly in sunlight, reflecting through blazing bands of dancing aurora. Subatomic solar particles interact with the moon’s magnetic lines of force, creating hypnotic beauty.
Braxton slows the ship, allowing it to home in on the signal. At proper altitude, a geostationary position is obtained. “Esty, we’re directly over the beacon now. Maintaining position at 25-miles.” He informs, dutifully.
“Good work.” She praises, inputting commands to her data-pad. Above, the monitor zooms in on the spot where the signal is originating. An ancient, dilapidated structure with dormant exhaust stacks, still stands tall on the icy surface.
It’s not a particularly large structure, half-buried within the frozen landscape. A desolate and lonely outpost that confounds her logic of why anyone would bother. Turning to her android companions. “Can any of you think of what would draw Carter to such a frozen wasteland?”
“I couldn’t even pretend to answer that one.” Nyla, answers frustratingly. “Whatever the reason, they say he’s down there, and needs our help.”
She shudders at the remembrance of how Carter is deathly claustrophobic. She can’t think of a more horrible way for her good friend to end-up. Desperately buried under trillions of tons of ice and water, on a lonely moon so far from the sandy beaches of Earth!
She begins to fear that there’s more to this mystery than meets the eye. No radiations from Earth or Mars, and a new menace terrorizing the galaxy. She suddenly pines for the old days when things were simpler, like just worrying about global warming and nuclear war.
“Well, he may or may not be down there.” Esty, postulates. “We don’t know for sure, but I am willing to help you find out.”
Turning to her helmsmen. “I’m taking control for the next maneuver. Be sure to pay attention. I’m about to void the warranty on this ship in ways that might save your life someday.... if we survive.” She warns while descending to the coordinates indicated by the Naiad’s, who call this icy-ball, home.
Sinking into the unknown, she fears for her wonderful ship and crew. At this close proximity with the moon’s icy surface, there’s little in the way of distinguishable landmarks. True depth perception at this point is almost impossible, even for the keen eye of an android. So, with reluctance, she puts faith into the trusty autopilot, hoping it’s having a good day!
“Okay everyone, listen up!” Esty, calls out. “This is the deal! I’m taking the ship further out of phase. This condition will allow us to pass through the ice without physically contacting it, much like the mountain stronghold. Stray radiations will melt and boil any water touching the fog-layer that shields us. Expect a few bumps!”
Looking around, she sees only excitement where there should be fear! The bravery of her new crew makes her proud to call them shipmates! Even the Zenarawan’s seem eager, almost as if they sense something wonderful below! They stay silent.... calmingly so.
Steam.... rocks the vacuum above the moon’s surface! .... Violent jets of superheated gases, explode into the thin atmosphere above, as electronic-fog and ship, sinks into the crustal ice.
Into the boiling maelstrom they drill! Above, a blizzard of suffocating snow falls back from the thin atmosphere, covering the hole with glacial weight. The ship rocks crazily as expanding gases flow past and upwards. All eye’s wide! Even the stoic Gort, can’t contain his anxiety!
The icy crust is 30-miles-thick, and below that are hundreds of miles of liquid ocean, extending into ever-thickening layers of salinity. Nyla breathes deeply, knowing it’s the only way to prevent another time-out. Her circuits heat from the stress, but there isn’t another place in the universe she would rather be! Carter deserves only the best attempt possible. Reaching, she takes Wil’s hand, offering a smile that cools both their circuits.
Alarms scream bloody murder against the myriad of crazy signals flowing through their logical world. Toby reaches, cancelling the noise. “Esty.... hull temps are increasing.”
“I’m aware. Keep an eye on it.” She bravely hides her fears. If truth be known, she had never put her pride and joy through such a harrowing ordeal!
Partial slipstream or not, it’s always best to avoid these types of situations. Stealthily, she braves a peek at the horrible numbers, hoping for the best. Who would think that drilling through ice, could be such a heated affair, she ponders dreadfully!
Now 6-miles-deep into the danger zone! Above, the ice-shaft through which they came, is already re-frozen for a mile down, trapping them if something goes horribly wrong.
Harper, stumbles from the sleeping compartment. “Are we there yet?” He asks, while rubbing the growing knot on his head from yet another encounter with an immovable object.
“My circuits, Harper Williams!” Nyla exclaims. “Come over here and strap in!”
At a depth of 32-miles, the saucer breaks through the crustal ice of Ganymede! Plunging into the liquid abyssal depths, the ships powerful lights, illuminate the way.
Soon, the circle monitor fills with schools of tiny krill-like creatures, reminding the crew of being inside an aquarium looking out. They frantically scurrying to get out of the way as the behemoth alien monster pushes through their world.
Saint Elmo’s Fire, spreads magically through the fog, as millions of krill-like creatures meet their doom, disintegrating with a flash into the partial slipstream, never to be seen again.
Close to where they broke through the ice, several Naiad vessels stealthily monitor from hidden positions. The saucer is easy to see. Brilliantly lit, and trailing tendrils of shimmering heat waves, the glowing disk sinks deeper into the ever-building pressures of the deep.
Esty begins to wonder just how far into the moons interior she’ll have to travel before encountering the target of the mission. Outside, darkness rules just beyond the artificial illumination.
Suddenly, sensors notify of scanning-radiations coming from above! For the first time, the sly commander realizes they aren’t alone in the inky depths! Weapon systems growl discontented warning, having not yet passed the threshold of tolerance before truly barking.
Soon though, they’re also being scanned from below! Confirming her suspicions of others! Perhaps a trap, she ponders darkly! She slows the descent as objects below the saucer, become illuminated in a multi-colored, kaleidoscopic fashion.
For Nyla, the view of the others, reminds of the colorful chromatic-displays of earthly cuttlefish during the heat of emotion, yet these we’re much more tentacled! Not unlike the slipstream monster in a way, she thinks.
Looking closer, she notices that these Jovian moon-creatures are not individuals, but rather spaceships of a kind. At 80-feet-long, they’re dwarfed by the alien saucer. Exclamations flow, as the brave crew notices the alien aberrations coming closer!
Jax, is first to put words to the anxious moments. “Well, this proves my theory! .... Ghosts come in many forms and can even be found inside moons!”
Esty brings the ship to a full stop. They’re deep inside the danger zone now! Exterior pressures, off the charts! Any attempt at a quick escape now, would doom Ganymede and inhabitants to thermonuclear smithereens!
She subconsciously holds her breath as anxiety builds, but quickly realizes that she must breath to expel the growing heat of her nervous circuits!
Soon, the monitor shows the indigenous vessels moving to the side! Allowing unimpeded passage. No longer encroaching.... not being aggressive.
The ships weapon systems quit complaining and even sweeten! “How strange to find life inside a watery moon.” Esty, wonders aloud, before realizing that life will always find a way.
The life forms within the Naiadian vessels are gelatinous and fragile, lacking solid skeletal structure. But even human beings, with all their skeletal strength, are also fragile and delicate, to a large degree.
Tina calls out quietly from the sidelines. “Hey everyone! .... Raznalli says he’s made contact with others inside those ships. So, at least we know they’re not robots!”
Esty’s circuits, drop ten-degrees! Putting a hand to chest, she breathes the mother of all electronic sighs, as the great news hits home, calming her spirits!
Now the senior Zenarawan is the focal point. All look to the furry-one who rests comfortably in a trance-like state. Seemingly asleep, he has a peaceful look on his feline face. With eyeballs flittering under closed lids and twitches and whimpers flowing as if having a powerful dream, he works the alien connection.
Soon, he breaks away, shaking his head of disorientation. He relates to Tina what he had garnered from mind-meld with the others.
“Raznalli says it’s difficult to communicate with the others. They become wary and resist.” Tina informs, as she concentrates to understand Raznalli’s report, adding....
“Those within the ships, are called Naiads. They come from far greater depths. Only recently have they created methods to explore their heavens, after noticing strange activities taking place above. For them, this is the outer reaches of their known universe. Their efforts spanned many tens-of-thousands-of-years, just to be able to reach the anomaly that is Carter’s facility.” She slumps from the mental link, as Raznalli lets loose her mind.
Esty, resumes the descent. Once past the Naiadian ships, a series of cables are noticed extending into the icy depths. Following this line for another 20-miles, and several layers of salinity, a structure comes into view at the end of those cables.
A few weak lights can be seen at one end of the facility, but other than that, it seems like nobody’s home. The scene is eerie.... Reminding Jax, of an underwater haunted house!
“That’s it! That must be it!” Nyla exclaims, then gets a grip once again. She mustn’t let her birth defect cause a time-out.... Not now! .... Deep breaths!  Deep, cooling breaths!
“I wonder what could have happened to bring Carter to such a miserable place?” Talia inquires hypnotically at nobody in particular.
“Well, you know Carter.” Omari reminds. “He can get himself into some pretty dicey situations from time to time. I can’t imagine him being alone out here, either.” He offers a possible twist, with no real answers.
The airlock of the sunken facility becomes obvious to the android commander. It sticks out like a sore thumb from the main structure for unfettered engagements.
Esty lines up the airlocks, even though they are noticeably incompatible. With finesse, she tweaks the ship a smidgen further out of phase with our universe. Outside, the fog intensifies as the ship eases into the structure in an otherworldly fashion!
The water directly above, boils and swirls, as the byproduct-radiation escapes the scene! The many Naiad’s watch in horror, as it seems the two vessels have collided! Quickly, they realize they weren’t going to witness their first space disaster, but rather a melding of sorts. One that’s beyond their understanding.
A warning from engineering. “Esty, hull temps climbing!”
Against her better judgement, Esty puts them even further out of phase! This cools things outside, but it also puts everyone at greater risk of annihilation! If she goes too far, the out of phase condition will throw them beyond the ability to maneuver. It will throw them where they don’t want to go; completely into the slipstream!
Slipping deeply into the stream while in such intimate proximity to the mass of Ganymede would not end well! Anxiety climbs! A curious glance from Gort, as he wonders why take such risk....
A wink in the direction of the grizzled warrior, calms his nerves. He ponders, that if Esty is to die this day, then it’s a fine day to die with her! “Good luck, commander.” He clickity-clacks softly.
“Sorry Gort, but there’s no other way. Now, go with Nyla and Wil. Help them if you can.” To Wil’s dismay, she tosses her sidearm to the old pirate, who catches it with a wildness in his eyes! While Wil has come to like the fierce-faced Grey, having him armed and dangerous, will take extra getting used to!
Wil knows that Esty finds strength from the support of her best friend, and that’s what truly counts. Tweaking the warp-bubbles just right, she causes her mighty ship to inch forward, stopping as the saucers main airlock hatch passes just beyond the facilities airlock.
Outside, heatwaves in the freezing ocean, roil upward towards the icy-crust, making for anxious moments from Naiad commanders. Many second-guess their decision to get involved with saving Carter.
“Estyyyyy! Are you sure about this?” Talia’s angst grows astronomically, as she tries to curl her legs into the seat with her. Everyone is flabbergasted at seeing the ghostly melding! Parts of the underwater facility that have merged with the saucer, shimmer heatingly, like phantoms in the shadows.
Jax is beside himself with horror! Staring in speechless wonder, he now knows what it’s like to be a ghost! It’s a terrifying sight, which he hopes isn’t permanent.... yet.
“Nyla, Wil, take Gort and go find your friend.” She instructs, adding. “Please don’t dilly-dally, as they say.” She works feverishly to maintain stability in unstable conditions. Turbulence is a constant, while heat-radiation rocks the local space-time continuum of Ganymede.
Nyla opens the inner airlock hatch of the saucer. Three wide-eyed creatures enter and close themselves inside, protecting the crew. Android’s and Grey warrior instinctively hold their breaths when the outer hatch opens. To their surprise, they are not crushed by tons of water, but instead are subjected to a breathtaking view!
Just beyond their noses, is the electronic fog! The interface between universes! With great bravery, the trio of explorers leave the saucer, making their way through the ghostly phenomenon which soaks their bodies in Saint Elmo’s Fire!
Upon piercing the prickly fog, they enter fully back into our universe. They stand inside a laboratory, shaken but not too stirred. Looking around, they see no sign of habitation.
All is quiet. Too quiet! Gort looks back, seeing a shimmering image of Esty and crew, as they exist in another realm.
The brave explorers enter further, moving past a plethora of scientific equipment in what seems a haunted laboratory. Even they wouldn’t be surprised is a ghost or hobgoblin were to jump from the dark shadows!
“Is anybody home?” Nyla, yells into the darkened compartment. “Carterrrrrrr!” Nothing.... At the back of the lab, they come to a passageway leading deeper into the complex. Now, a rhythmic-hum can be heard as they approach another room. Within, they see hibernation chambers, and both androids breathe a sigh of relief. “This must be it!” Wil exclaims.
Gort is on high alert by this time, having drawn his weapon! Nyla, places her hand over his weaponized hand, begging with her eyes for him to re-holster. She melts his heart, and with newfound trust, he places the powerful device back into his waistband.
Upon entering the sleep-chamber, it’s quickly deduced that the facility is not a crowded place, as only six chambers occupy the room. Stepping to the first one and glancing within, takes Nyla and Wil’s breath away! Inside, they see a familiar face, but it’s not Carter’s!
“Tina? .... Oh, my circuits! How can this be?” Nyla exclaims, gently touching the glass.
“She looks as beautiful as the day we launched from Earth!” Wil can’t help but notice the peaceful tranquility on such a youthful face. Like himself and Nyla, she hadn’t aged! And with her being human, she really ought to have aged considerably! Like pile of dust considerably!
Moving to the next chamber, they spy another old friend.... Carter! .... He wasn’t so peaceful looking. With fists balled-up tight, and a perpetual grimace on his dark, handsome face, he’s anything but a picture of peace. His blanket is torn asunder, and cracks in the shielding of his sarcophagus, speak volumes of his uneasiness. His endless nightmares, endless tortures!
“Oh, the poor dear!” Nyla yells, making Gort jump. “We have to hurry! I’ll work with Carter, and you take Tina.” She orders firmly, motherly instincts kicking in full steam!
Gort backs away to avoid injury. Moving further into the compartment, the Grey warrior peeks into the other four chambers. Within, he sees the same kind of dust piles extending from jumpsuits, that he witnessed with so many of his shipmates back on Oberon Prime.
These must have been biologic humans, he figures. Reflecting, he’s thankful he was able to be revived from his long slumber and endless nightmares!
New friends / Queen Anne’s Revenge!
Hissingly, exotic gasses are pulled from the ancient sarcophaguses and saved. Waste not, want not! Electricity flows to occupants, sending a call to wake up and smell the electrons. Electro-polymer muscles twitch per manufacturers specs as Carter and Tina are stimulated back to life.
Wil has since concluded that Tina has been transmogrified into an android! It’s the only logical explanation for her well-preserved longevity. His circuits float on cloud nine, as he watches with growing excitement at seeing his lovely patient stir from her long slumber.
Carter blinkingly opens his eyes into another dream-state. This one, a rare and calm dream-state. One that soothes his frayed nerves, instead of shredding!
This dream starts with an image of Nyla’s lovely face smiling at him! What a rare dream he ponders, as he closes his eyes again to receive the full benefits. These kinds of dreams always seem to end well for the Claustrophobic android.
“Hey sleepyhead. Don’t close those peepers just yet.” His dream-Nyla gently whispers. “It’s time to rise and shine, Carter. Time to shake off those cobwebs.” She relates smilingly.
“Nyla? .... Nyla is that really you?” He asks wearily, trying to understand.
“It’s really me, you big lug-wrench. I’m here to rescue you from a watery grave.”
“I never thought I’d ever see this day!” The frazzled android responds excitedly, as his circuits come up to speed.
Leaning in, she gives him a peck on the cheek just for coming back alive. “I missed you Carter! Now, get your titanium ass out of that coffin! We’re here only by the delicate grace of really weird physics, so let’s not dilly-dally!” She prods urgently.
“You don’t have to tell me twice!” He exclaims, climbing from the disheveled chamber, shattered pieces of lid falling to the floor under weak gravity.
Next door, another lid has screeched open with nails-on-chalkboard-protest. With a few gentle whispers, Wil coaxes the lovely Tina back to reality, helping her climb from her still pristine chamber. “My goodness, Tina!” He exclaims with a hug. “They must’ve been stuffing you with space-cookies down here! You weigh a ton!”
Even through the fog of hibernation, Tina manages a weak laugh, realizing her vision isn’t a cryo-induced dream after all!
“Oh, my stars!” She yells. “Wil! .... Nyla! .... Oh, my stars!” She repeats excitedly. The reunion quickly slips into a hug-fest! Love, lighting up the room!
Then, Gort’s lovely face breaks from the gloom from beyond the chambers, effectively ending the gleeful reunion! Carter and Tina, stiffen! A spindly little werewolf jumping from the shadows, couldn’t have produced a greater shock!
“And who might this handsome one, be?” Tina inquires through rattled circuits, as poor old Gort slinks back into the shadows, not sure if he wants to meet these mechanical monsters.
“It’s okay, he’s with us.” Nyla informs calmly, as Gort is coaxed out from the shadows as might a gargoyle be drawn forth with a tasty morsel of gristle.
“Carter, Tina.... This is Gort.” ..... “Gort, this is Carter and Tina.” She informs, using the Grey’s own clickity-clacks, much to the shock of the recent sleepers.
Carter feels that he’s still dreaming, but he approaches anyhow with hand extended in friendship. Just then, the facility gives a might jolt! All brace, against the heavy shock! Wil yells. “Fun time’s over, my friends! We must hurry!”
“What of the others?” Tina and Carter, ask in unison.
Gort puts his hand on Wil’s arm, whispering the bad news.
“He says they didn’t make it. Let’s go! There’s little time!” With that, Wil leads the group back to the electronic fog of the saucer. Beyond which, a non-corporeal Esty and crew can be seen beckoning frantically through a shimmering light.
Carter and Tina are sure this is all still a dream, but through the electronic-fog and Saint Elmo’s Fire, they shuffle into the airlock.
Within moments of closing the saucer’s hatch, the facility implodes! The stress of mixing with bent physics, we just too much for the ancient structure. Like too hot a tamale, the fly saucer is spit out and away from the horrific event!
The implodination of the earthly facility, nearly causes the moon to go kersplinters! Shockwaves roll in every direction, shaking the Naiadian ships violently! Many of which sustain structural damage. A more catastrophic event, they have never witnessed!
The reactor from the facility, mercilessly does not detonate. Instead, it boils water seethingly as it and the main computer, sink into the abyssal depths, trailing whimpering bubbles!
Five lucky souls from the now destroyed station, exit the airlock and make their way into the bridge. “My circuits!” Talia yells. “You were almost killed!” She runs forward to receive her crewmates, and old friends from Earth.
The unexpected addition to the rescue, stuns the crowd good! “Carter! .... and, oh my stars! .... Tina!” She hugs as best she can, as Esty tries to stabilize the saucer. After backing away from the debris field, everyone has a chance to catch their breath.
A much younger and more human version of android-Tina, unfastens her restraints and approaches. The bridge goes quiet, with only the rhythmic-hum of the ship’s reactor, throbbing in the background. The young woman reaches, brushing her hand across a familiar-looking face. “How can this be? We’re.... twins!” She exclaims confusedly.
Taking the girls hands, the freshly rescued android, gazes lovingly into eyes that she never knew existed! “I’m going to go out on a limb here, and guessing that your name might be Tina? Tina Feldman?”
The shock is palatable! “Yes, that’s me.” She responds with awe.
“Well, in that case, let me introduce myself.... I’m an android version of your biologic mom! My CPU has her psychological imprints!” She informs gleefully, extending her hand to the stunned female beauty. “It’s nice to meet you, young lady. My, aren’t you a pretty one!”
Tina takes the pro-offered hand. It’s colder to the touch than a human’s, but she feels an inner warmth that radiates. “I have another mom!” She glances around the bridge, joyfully. “I have another mom!” She repeats excitedly.
Turning, she collects Nyla, and they have a nice hug-fest! After the embrace, she guides her two surviving moms to the side of the bridge. It’s a strange turn of events for the young human, but such a wonderful surprise to have happen in this hellhole of all places!
Wil introduces Carter to Esty. The situation is rapidly nearing critical. They’re still deep inside dangerous territory, made more so, by destroying the station! Reaching Earth is paramount, and that fact is not lost on the diminutive commander.
“We must go!” She expresses forcefully. Carter is seated next to a group of furry animals that he hadn’t noticed before. Wil introduces, but there can be little communication just then. Besides, two of the feline-looking creatures are immersed in a trance-like state, not even noticing the dark olive-toned android.
“Esty.” Raznalli calls out. “Our water-friends, the Naiad’s, report much damage to their vessels after the implosion. They must leave immediately. I informed them that Carter and Tina are safe and thanked them greatly. Also, they wish us luck.”
“Thank you, Raznalli. Please tell them we’ll try to return someday, and exchange technologies if possible. Tell them this is not all to their universe, but too keep looking up, beyond the icy crust of their world.”
She suspects that the Naiad’s have never witnessed the glory of the milky way. Or even the monster their world orbits, providing them with life giving energies.
Someday, the life forms that orbit Jupiter, will break free of their moon.... Esty hopes to be there, to help them figure out what to do next!
The saucer slowly rises through a freshly created hole in the crustal ice of Ganymede. The violent action below, seemingly had no effect on the ships systems, except that fuel quantity is looking extra-grim now.
The android commander has never seen it so critical! “Braxton, I’ve calculated the next set of coordinates. Please review and take us to the planet you call Mars. It will cost us fuel, but we must try. We might get a clue of what to expect at Earth.”
Carter and Tina are in awe, as they take in the alien bridge, and the crew. Many are young versions of their long-dead friends from ancient Earth. Above, the circle monitor captivates their senses! One side of which is plastered with the incredible spectacle of Jupiter, while the other has a bejeweled milky way splashed across it, adding a stark contrast.
They’re so close to Jupiter, the fullness of the banded planet overfills the screen. If the two bedazzled androids didn’t know better, they might think the bridge had no walls at all! All with the hard vacuum of space held at bay, just an arm’s length away!
Next to them, Braxton and Magnus are scratching their heads, as they contemplate an anomaly in Esty’s flight plan. Far be it for them to correct such a seasoned veteran, but she did charge them with reviewing the data.
Braxton looks to his commander, who sits smugly atop her might command throne. He sees a quizzical and expectant look in her expression.
“Esty, there seems to be an anomaly in our flight plan. This data will bring us out of the slipstream too early.” There! He committed himself to his findings, hoping he’s correct, and that she doesn’t make him walk the plank.... or worse, be keelhauled! Something that always ends badly in the depths of frozen space!
Esty chuckles euphorically, happy that Gort didn’t ruin her little test. She’s so proud of the way these young humans have taken to her species technology!
“Very good, Braxton. You too, Magnus.” She offers praise, where praise is due. “I was hoping you would find my deliberate error. I just might have to promote you both ahead of schedule.” Another fine chuckle. “Here’s the more accurate coordinates.” She sends the data.
While the new coordinates are under review, Nyla asks of an old friend. “What happened to civilization, Carter? This solar system is so quiet, you can hear an asteroid drop!” She jokes.
“My dear Nyla. I, nor Tina, haven’t a clue as to what happened. All I know, is that a hundred-years after becoming imprisoned by the High Council, all visits from Earth stopped. No warning, no explanation; we were simply abandoned to fend for ourselves. If not for the Naiad’s investigating a disturbance in the outer reaches of their tiny universe, we would have died.”
He continues. “Over the millennia, they effected repairs on critical systems that we could not reach. They brought supplies, when our jailers brought nothing.” He takes a deep breath, calming his circuits. “Now it’s finally over.... We thank our lucky stars, it’s finally finished! Thank you all for coming to our rescue!”
“Yes, thank you all.” His lovely mate adds. “I don’t think we could have gone another 175,000-years!” She jokes dreadfully.
“Well, we’re not out of the woods yet.” Nyla responds cryptically. “In fact, we may have just rescued you from peaceful slumber, only to deliver you into another frozen predicament.” She explains about the fuel crisis, and the possible molestation of Earth by alien mechanical-aggressors.
Carter and Tina stiffen at the news, hoping Earth is Okay. She’s all they dreamed about for so very long. “Well my dear, if they hit Earth, we’ll somehow find them and bring a world of hurt to their circuits!” Carter promises.
“Commander; the course has been plotted and set.” Braxton informs.
“Very well.... All hands prepare for the jump.” She announces on the intercom. “Braxton, take us into the slipstream!”
Carter and Tina aren’t prepared for the blurring phenomenon that occurs while fully de-phasing from the universe. It takes their android breaths away! Everything and everyone on the bridge becomes ghost-like! Lines of what used to be, stream backwards in a smearing action, only to painfully snap back as FTL stabilizes.
Above, the monitor flashes psychedelically as always when at full warp. With Mars, not being very far away using this technology, the event is over, seemingly before it even began! Where Jupiter once ruled the monitor, now a tiny ball of red, shines brightly.
“Take us closer Braxton. Equatorial orbit of 500-miles.” Esty directs firmly. “Cooper, Toby, keep an eye on the scans.”
The red planet quickly grows from the size of a plum, to that of taking up half the monitor, as the saucer travels only partially de-phased. Settling into high-orbit, the craft is nestled in a cocoon of illuminated electronic-fog, offering some protection against being scanned, but not much!
What Esty and the crew see, in both the data and the monitor, leaves them speechless! The red planet is orbited by millions of tons of shredded debris, one chunk of which is recognizable to Nyla and her android friends, as the space station that they once called home. With its orbit in final decay, it will end its days as a flaming charcoal briquet on the slopes of Olympus Mons.
Below, places that were once mined by humans and android alike, are now striated with deep gouges that mar the landscape. Whatever valuable resources the red world once had, has since been removed by an irresistible force. A force to be reckoned with!
All are totally shocked. Like the mining planet, this solar system has also been attacked from above. Fear for Earth, the cradle of humanity, flies off the charts!
“Our enemy grows in strength and boldness.” She says with great dread. “They are venturing much farther than ever and doing greater damage too!”
Wil feels her dread. “Esty, we’ll find a solution to this threat.” He reassures, adding. “Or die trying!” There comes a raucous agreement from all on the bridge! Esty’s mood is lifted by the exuberance and bravery of her new shipmates.
She notices that her posture has slumped from the shock of the imagery below. As if the winds were taken from her sails.... She quickly corrects, sitting up like a commander ought to! She knows that slovenliness in command, is unexpectable!
Nyla notices familiar landmarks below. “Cooper, take the video to these coordinates. She spews forth a series of numbers from ancient GPS data. 11°06’19.35” S 136°19’11.30” E
“Yes ma'am; on it!”
Soon, the ships cosmic surveillance, zooms to an area on the surface that’s riddled with craters. Some old, and one much more recent.
As the video stabilizes, Nyla’s keen eyes notice a tiny crater within the sidewalls of a larger and older one. “Well, it seems that Dylan Conrad, still sleeps with the Martians!” She points to the spot where a crazy old enemy had met a violent end, after plunging from space.
Mostly, the debris from impact is scattered over a wide area, and now covered with regolith. At the core of the partially filled crater, is the melted remains of SPS-Charlie, a once proud spacecraft that brought her and Wil to Mars, during the Oberon Prime mission-launch-phase.
Wil is flabbergasted at seeing the grave of an old nemesis! “It seems like just yesterday we were chasing that maniac!” He exclaims, turning to young Magnus. “If not for your father, young man, we wouldn’t be here today.”
Magnus perks up, quickly realizing Wil is speaking of Magnus Teach, who died many, many, tens-of-thousands of years prior. Wil smiles warmly. Turning back to the commander, he asks. “Esty, does this ship have a name? I mean, a real name?”
“No.... Only numeric nomenclature.” She responds clinically, offering a quizzical expression.
“Well, I propose that henceforth, we shall call this proud ship, ‘Queen Anne’s Revenge’, after the Teach family-tree of infamy.”
Looking back to Magnus, he relates. “Young man, did you know that you have a famous pirate in your family-tree? His name was Blackbeard, and he was the terror of the high seas at one point in time. A real scallywag, from what I hear! .... He named his stolen flagship, Queen Anne’s Revenge, and me thinks it’s a fine name! What thinks you?”
The crew goes wild! They love the name, hoping Esty loves it too. Magnus had a suspicion of such a dastardly relation. Yet, after so much time, the pirate’s exploits seemed more romantic than dastardly. “I’ve suspected as much, Wil. And if Esty like’s the name, I like it too!”
The lovely commander puts it to vote. Not one dissenting word is heard, as unanimous approval meets her ears. “The ayes have it!” She exclaims.
The thought of naming a ship in such a way is foreign to her, but she likes the flow of words. “From this day forward, this ship will be known as the Queen Anne’s Revenge!” The crowd goes wild, again!
She makes a note to research this Blackbeard fellow, hoping to read about a kindred spirit.... Looking to Gort, she sees that he is pleased, but also reminding of the fuel crisis.
“Okay everyone, we’ve seen all we need to see here. Strap yourselves in. Braxton, plot a course for Earth. Bring us out of the slipstream on the dark side of the moon.”
People, scramble back to their places, locking harnesses. Esty grows anxious about the fuel they may or may not find at Earth. While Braxton and others calculate a jump, she asks....
“Carter, what can you tell me of a place once called the Grand Ledge Institute of Science? In particular, the research done their concerning star-fuels.”
Carter, rolls his eyes, dredging old memories. “Well, I can tell you that Doctor Sawyer and his team had developed an exotic fuel which he theorized could be used to reach the stars. Although he hadn’t yet developed the drive-system that could handle such power.”
“Do you think he was able to store any usable quantities?” Esty, inquires with hope.
“I can’t answer that question, Esty. I’m sorry, but I just don’t know for sure.” Sad tone....
“Well, it seems there’s only one way to find out, and seeing as we’re already in the neighborhood, we’ll just have to go look.” Glancing around, she sees only excited faces.
“Commander, we’re ready.” Braxton announces, Gort nods his head approvingly. Esty doesn’t need to check the math.
“At your leisure.” She instructs from the heights of her mighty throne.
Braxton defers to the ship’s new namesake. “Please, Mister Blackbeard, make it so!” He jokes, causing Magnus to smile wider than ever!
“Arghhh, Matey! Don’t mind if I do!” And the mighty Revenge dissolves into the slipstream, where she always feels more at home!
She leaves the slipstream right on cue. Behind the dark side of the moon she cruises, not visible to Earthly scans.
The term ‘dark side of the moon’ is a misnomer, as it’s really not dark at all. There is only a far side.... As they near the moon’s polar region, an ancient mining site can be seen on the surface. The habitats are coated with regolith, so it’s hard to tell where great age begins, and old battle scars take over.
“Magnus, do you see that facility down there?” Nyla, points to the barely discernable scratches on the landscape. “That was built and operated by your dear old father, Magnus Edward Teach. He and his crew, mined the moon of hydrogen, oxygen, helium-3, and many other elements that made our journey possible.” She informs, adding....
“All that, and he was one of the bravest of human beings that ever lived! He selflessly saved hundreds of lives on the Martian space station, and quite probably the very missions to Oberon and Titania!” She says proudly. Magnus watches with wonderment, as the old facility slips past.
“I see no fresh scars.” Wil reports. “Whatever happened down there, happened long ago.”
After finding no radiation-signatures emanating from Earth, the Revenge and her brave crew, sail forth in a leisurely fashion for the blue marble. At being only partially out of phase, they take a lengthy hour, to make the crossing. No full slipstream this time. Even so, Earth grows in size quickly.
The once beautiful blue world now has ugly rings of debris in late stages of orbital decay. Also, the polar regions show solid-white which extends much farther towards the equator than normal.
“Oh, my!” Talia exclaims. “That can’t be good!” She points at what can only be a ravaged planet, suffering in the frozen clutches of yet another vicious ice-age!
Grand Ledge, Earth!
“Commander, we’ve achieved equatorial orbit at 200-miles as requested.” Braxton announces.
“Copy. Maintain this orbit, Mister Crane. Cooper, Toby, record the horribleness below.”
“Aye Aye, commander!” Comes twin responses. “Also, we seem to be alone up here.” Cooper throws in for good measure.
“Thank you. Stay alert just the same.” Esty orders, still in shock at the dreadfulness below.
The crew sees a wounded planet, that’s also out of balance with the seasons. She’s still a beautiful world from above, with blue green along the equator, and sprinkled with puffy clouds. Yet not too far to the north or south of that thin band of vegetation, ice rules the land. Also, even from this altitude it can easily be seen, that terrible things have occurred at strategic spots on the surface!
Where major cities once existed, the crust of the planet has been gouged deeply! Immense swaths of material are missing. Now, only claw-like striations can be found across the land.
Where population centers once existed, total destruction now reigns supreme!
Gort is beside himself with anger! Clickity-clacking up a storm of heated expletives, he rages at the monitor! Now, out of his seat, he moves angrily back and forth, swinging arms over his head and grunting with alien monkey-like madness! Thankfully, he’d returned Esty’s laser, or it too may have become part of his unhingement!
“Mister Gort!” Esty, clickity-clacks angrily. “Comport yourself this very moment and retake your seat!” With that, the grizzled warrior regains focus, pushing his dark monster back into its lonely cage, where it’ll chew on the bars until released yet again.
Further examination reveals that the rape of the planet doesn’t end there. Areas where rich natural resources once caused greed and war among the human populations, are now just simply gone! Raked-up and taken away by unknown assailants, leaving the rings of debris seen in orbit.
Parts of South Africa and Australia for instance, now resemble gargantuan Zen-gardens. Unlike the soothing furrows of such wonderful artworks, these ugly furrows were created by powerful bands of energy from orbit, as they scooped up the wealth with total impunity.
Esty, would bet her last kilo of gold that the merciless assailants are none other than her people’s ancient enemy the Apollyon; scum of the galaxy!
These are the signs of things to come for uncountable planets, as the wanton machine-species fills its lust for destruction. Geometrically ever-expanding, they grow like a cosmic cancer, taking everything of value, leaving morsels of nothingness.
Earthling defenders had no chance! No chance at all!
“How can this be?” Nyla, mumbles hypnotically, not sure if it’s a bad dream, or warped reality. Her home world sacked and plundered! Doctor Max’s beloved space station gone!
The space around the planet is void of satellites, with only a ring of planetary-exhaust after the wealth was sifted and stored. The world is has become a throwback in time, a mere shadow of its former glory!
“Esty, I now understand your feelings about this enemy.” Wil inputs, not being able to avert his gaze from the horrible destruction.
Analysis would show that because of the huge volume of material gone missing, the Earth’s rotation and axial tilt, are adversely affected. Possibly, being partial cause of the ice-age that now grips the planet so frigidly.
Esty, regains focus. “We must find a way to prevent such destruction! There can be no higher goal, than to stop this enemy!” Her venomous tone is filled with determination. Except, there actually is one higher goal to achieve first.... Procurement of exotic star-fuel!
Alarms scream bloody-murder at Toby and Cooper’s reactor-console! If not for the restraints, the young engineers might have hit the ceiling! Reaching, Toby cancels the audio.
“Esty, fuel-quantity has reached critical level.” she reports nervously.
“Oh my!” Talia let’s slip, as is her way!
“Thanks Toby.... I’m aware.”
She knows they’re in a deadly predicament now! Far from home and desperate! She’s never pushed her mighty ship into such a quandary or endangered a crew in such a way. From memory of the ship’s specifications, she knows they still have a tiny reserve of useable fuel. Hopefully enough to save their lives!
“Braxton, head northwest and when we reach these coordinates, take us down to the deck.”
“Aye Aye, commander.” He and Magnus exchange worried glances. Gort, seems in a trance, warn-out from his previous outburst.
Soon, Queen Anne’s Revenge breaks the window of specified coordinates, entering the atmosphere. Gort, snaps out of his cosmic funk and keeps an eye on the phase condition, as Braxton manipulates the warp-bubbles. With practiced experience, Gort expertly maintains just the right amount of slipstream exposure to conserve fuel.
Too far into or out of the slipstream, will waste precious fuel. So, in this partially de-phased condition, the mighty Revenge cuts a path down to 500-feet altitude without sending sonic shockwaves. Once again, Bernoulli has no job, as the electronic fog, veils the sleek machine from his uplifting ways.
Traveling from east to west across the Atlantic, Braxton and Magnus pilot the Revenge towards the eastern seaboard of North America. At 5,000-mph, the sleek ship causes nary a ripple in the space-time above the water.
Just to the north of their flight path, a mile-high wall of ice, dominates the landscape! “We’re coming up on New York City!” Braxton announces. Slowing to 2,000, the scene ahead is one of breathtaking dread!
“It’s gone!” Talia shouts. “It’s just simply gone!”
Shock is intense, as the saucer fly’s over the island of Manhattan. The land here has been scraped clean by voracious glaciers as of late, and the slow-moving beast of nature, still looms large to the north. At a mile-high in some places, it’s a force to be reckoned with, but the city and residents, were raked clean from the planet, long before the glacier arrived.
“Braxton, here’s the coordinates we’re looking for.” Esty, transfers old GPS coordinates obtained from Carter.... 42° 45’ 30.97N, 84° 45’ 10.37W.
“Got it, commander.” The lad increases speed to 3,000, feeling the rush, as he turns the flying saucer towards the northwest.
A tug on his sleeve and a look from Gort, tells Braxton to ease off. Decreasing back to 2,000 he sees a look of approval from the grizzled-one. Soon, they’re breaking past a portion of ancient Lake Erie, with the old motor-city straight ahead.
Off to the north, the ice-sheet looms menacingly large! Its been in decline for the past several-thousand-years, but still has far to go. Below, the land is nearly void of trees, as they haven’t yet migrated this far north after the glacial retreat. Tundra rules the undulating moraines left behind.
Pulling back on the power, the sleek saucer now has more in common with our universe than it does with the slipstream.
As it approaches an old Grand River valley in what was once the state of Michigan, the electronic fog is almost invisible. Bernoulli, finally gets his chance to sink his greedy fangs into the sexily curved airfoil, causing mild buffeting within as he latches on for the ride.
Directly to the north, a wall of ice, towers a mile-high! It skirts the ancient river valley near where a city called Lansing once stood proudly. A raging torrent has replaced the once placid currents of the Grand River. Boulders as big as houses, deposited by the glacier, are played with by the current, as if they were merely pebbles!
“Braxton, I’ve got the con.” With that, Esty takes over the flight once again. The two pilots breathe a sigh of relief. Piloting in such close-proximity to the planet, is demanding at best; and smoking-hole into the planet, at worst!
Esty, slows her mighty ship to under 100. With mister lift assisting outside, she gets a rare chance to feel the beauty of flight, instead of avoiding it by manipulating space-time. Heading west and hugging the river, she rocks the ship in celebration, not caring about the cost in fuel!
Below on the tundra, intelligent eyes look skyward in shock and terror! Trusted spears pointing upwards as the flying beast rips past, almost over their heads!
Bands of roving humans still maintain a survival foothold but are a throwback to the days of living in caves. Mere shadows of previous greatness. What they just witnessed, will be legend before the next sunrise! Perhaps, even a new God will be formed, after their superstitious ramblings build the siting into such.
Westward she continues, as they come upon a series of ice-bridges extending over the torrential waterway. “Eeeeeeeeeeeeee!” Esty exclaims, as euphoria grips her circuits!
Under the monstrous bridge of ice, she flies bravely! The belly of the Queen nearly taking a bath in the river, as she goes! Enormous chunks of glacier fall in her wake, creating monstrous splashes seen on the aft monitor!
Checking her data, she sees the target coordinates coming up fast! Slowing to just a crawl, she seeks the sweetspot on the northern bank of the river, where the Grand Ledge Institute of Science, lays buried deeply under ice and rock.
Ships sensors, chirp alarm. She slows, hovering the disk just above the river as it rages through a canyon. In front of her, a tall rocky ledge guards the riverbank. Inside the rock, lays the fabled laboratory of Doctor Sawyer, the star-fuel cook. No obvious opening is seen.
The natural place for an entrance, would be on top of the rocky plateau just beyond the river cliffs. However, on top of that natural formation, old man glacier sits heavily! He towers for nearly a mile, dropping massive chunks of ice into the river every now and then, just to show who’s boss!
“Well, we’re here! What now, Carter?” She points at the monitor. “That glacier is sitting exactly on top of where the Institute should be. Any ideas?”
Nyzilla comes forward with a brazen idea. “We could de-phase and tunnel our way into the glacier.” She bounces her eyebrows, in hopes of garnering approval.
“I like the way you think! Are you sure you didn’t use the headband?” Esty jokes, while tweaking the warp-bubbles, expending more fuel, and causing the electronic-fog to return to the outer hull. “This might just get us killed, so hang on!” With that, she gains altitude so as to clear the grand ledges.
Moving slowly towards the glacial ice-wall, with electronic-fog bathing the saucer sexily, the ship enters into an icy prison! Steam, and torrents of meltwater, flow from the wound that the Revenge inflicts on old man glacier. He stands no chance!
“Oh my! Here we go again!” Talia gets her freak on!
From a distance, indigenous hillbillies watch in awe as the shimmering saucer is swallowed by the mountain of ice! Like a giant metallic insect, the thing from the stars, burrows into the ice and is gone! In its wake, a festering and steaming hole that pours a witch’s brew of meltwater and mud into the river below!
Heavy buffeting, as melt-water rushes past the burrowing machine! The exotic-fog and slipstream clear the tunnel walls of ice and debris. Esty, estimates she’s now about 600-feet into the glacier, and should be over any possible entrance into the buried institute.
Rocking the ship, she allows the slipstream to create some elbow room. Soon, she has a nice cavern in which to land. Accessing video feed from under the ship, no type of entrance is seen! Hopes, fad....
“Carter, I’m not seeing anything that looks like an entrance. Any ideas?” The nervous commander inquires, but it’s too late! Time has run out for the mighty reactor and warp-fields!
The Queen gives a tremendous shudder, as every alarm in her arsenal, screams bloody murder! Esty pushes the landing gear icon, just as the warp-bubbles pop!
Down goes the Queen! She lands with a mighty jolt onto freshly extended landing gear.
“Ahaaaaaaaa!” Comes a yell and crash from the other compartment. Out comes Harper, with one hand pressed tightly to his wounded head. “What happened?” He screams! “Braxton, what did you do?!” The lad quickly sees that everyone is shaken and stirred. His little problem suddenly doesn’t seem so critical anymore....
“Okay, okay, settle down everyone!” Esty orders, needing quiet for thinking.
Yet, there’s only two ways to proceed, now that they’re marooned on an alien world. Either drill with the ship’s laser, hoping against hope, or get out and join the roving gangs of Michigan!
Even if she could fit in with the natives, it’s not in her circuits to just give up!
“Cooper, do we have power for the lasers?”
“I think so, but we’re operating on batteries now. We’ll need to conserve if we’re ever going to fire the reactor again.” She informs of the dreadful dilemma.
“Yes.... Well, we do seem to have a real predicament here.” Esty, replies with the mother of all cosmic sighs.”
“Oh my!” Talia laments, nearly gnashing her teeth. “Is it too late to call in sick for this mission?” She jokes nervously.
“Relax, Talia. We’ll get through this.” Esty offer a confident smile, not wishing to add ‘or die trying’ to her distraught friend. “Well, let’s not waste time.... Carter, how far down do you think the institute is?”
“Well, I can’t begin to guess.” He responds sadly. “I mean, the place just isn’t the same anymore. Not after what that glacial plow did. My best guess would be somewhere in the neighborhood of 200-feet.”
“That’s good enough for me.” The commander responds. “Cooper, Toby, light up the laser with 50% power for one-minute, then go to 100% for another 30-seconds.”
Looking around, she shrugs her shoulders.... “Hey, I’m only guessing, so hold on. Unless somebody else thinks differently. Let’s just hope we don’t hit anything meaningful down there!”
There’re no dissenting viewpoints. So, Cooper and Toby adjust the laser-shot and let rip the terrible energies! The ship vibrates from the tempest just below their butts! The glacial debris and sandstone bedrock is violently assaulted!
The Queen’s belly is singed by the heat of the blast, as smoke and molten debris, flee the point of annihilation. Power drains rapidly as the focused energy drinks its fill!
“Braxton, Magnus, Jax, you’re with us!” Esty assigns, noticing that the remaining humans seem lethargic, and content to guard the fort. None are used to the extra gravity, as the planet is 6% more massive than what they’re used to. It weighs heavily on their minds and bodies!
Under the keel of the Queen Anne’s Revenge, crawls five androids, three humans, and one Gort, as they cross freshly scorched earth to reach the drill site. Ropes and beams of light extend into the 3-foot-diameter abyss. Something at the bottom, portends of a larger opening than the drill hole.
Upon descending, the group finds a large room of scientific equipment, some of which, still has power running through its veins! The laser hole continues for another 100-feet, filling with water at an alarming rate!
“Looks like we drilled too deep.” Android Tina comments, as Carter pulls her from the rope and into the mothballed institute. It was hermetically sealed back in the day, so hopes run high as things don’t seems too deteriorated because of it.
“Yeah, but somebody left the lights on, and that’s a good sign.” Esty’s hopes, rise a smidgen above doubt.
 Carter leads his friends farther back into the complex. “The reactor must still be operational.” He responds happily. “The star-fuel if any, should be stored next to it.”
Traveling along a corridor, the group comes upon a door. Pushing it open, Jax and friends enter the gloom of a sleeping compartment. “Let’s just hope we don’t find a ghost in here, Jax.” Braxton jokes, ruffling his brother’s thick hair that’s nearly standing on end anyway.
With wide eyes, Jax looks into the first of the hibernation chambers, his dark features turning ashen! Within the glass-covered chamber is a jumpsuit with thick dust extending from the neck and sleeves. Laying amongst the dust where the left hand used to exist, a band of gold winks at him with reflection.
Carter and Tina bow their heads. They recognize the name on the jumpsuit. It’s their old mentor, and chief scientist of the facility; Doctor Jacob Sawyer. His remains will continue to lay here for all eternity and a day. Nobody disturbs anything in the room. Another twelve chambers are occupied; same conditions exist within each.
All were human acquaintances that fought to the bitter end; putting up resistance against the inevitable. There are no survivors, leaving Jax feeling haunted.
With the High-Council searching high and low for the facility, and global-warming baking the land, the human scientists made their last stand under the grand ledges, next to a lonely stretch of beautiful river. Just one of many human outposts in the wilds during the final days, before death from above arrived to scrape the land clean!
“Rest in peace, Jacob. Rest in peace, all of you.” Tina says lovingly, as she places two kissed fingers on the lid of his chamber. They leave the final resting place of their old friends and make a beeline toward the fusion-reactor containment section.
Within this fortified area, they’re relieved to see that the tactical-reactor is still plugging away after 175,000-years. A self-feeding system, brings in river water, breaks the atomic bonds between the hydrogen and oxygen, and feeds the hydrogen into the reactor after mixing it with tiny amounts of helium-3 and a hybrid mixture of deuterium.
“So far, so good.” Carter says calmly, as he and Tina lead the way into a side compartment where the final distillation of exotic-fuel was achieved. Magnetic storage bottles are still functioning after all these years! The realization that they might just beat the odds, is not lost on anyone who stares anxiously at the strange containers.
Carter checks the status of one bottle and turns with a wide smile. “We might be in luck my friends!” He reports happily, motioning for Esty.
From an accessory belt, she removes a testing devise. Twisting a dial, she zero’s the calibration and brings it close to the theorized fuel source. Blinking lights go wild as the device scans and analyzes. When it finishes with a bleep, Esty is almost afraid to look! Holding her breath against bad results, she braves a glance at the data.
The room falls silent, you could hear an atom drop! All watch the little Grey android do her magic. They’ve come to depend on Esty’s skills. Even though they know she had nothing to do with the development of the fuel within, they hope against hope, that she can pull a rabbit out of her cosmic hat!
Tension builds, and as Esty deciphers the data-stream, she begins to worry. She hopes the others don’t pick up on her growing angst! She puts on her best poker face. The analyzer has indicated an inconclusive result. Not a total damnation of the fuel, but a result she has never seen before. She resets the device, aiming for another pass.
“Well, Esty?” Wil’s anxiety reaches fevered pitch! “What does it think?”
“Patience my friend.... Wait for it....” Esty, stalls for time. Suddenly the little device emits another bleep, and the screen lights up with delicately garnered data. The information she sees, takes her mood to seventh heaven! After an energetic cry of celebration, she turns to her friends with a smile that should cause an android pain.
“Good news, everyone! Although the fuel is not pure, I think it’s worth a try!”
Her emotion spent, Esty leans heavily on Wil who’s been looking over her tiny shoulder. He gently supports her, as the others break into wild yells.
Nyla, who had become quiet during the testing procedure, sits down hard on the ground. Her poor overheated circuits, cause a near catastrophic episode, but her training keeps it from becoming too debilitating.
Wil is at her side immediately. He and Esty, take seats on the floor next to her, breathing in copious amounts of cooling air.... Gort becomes alarmed. He’s never seen such a failing in the mighty ones!
“Breathe deeply, Nyla.” Wil begs, as he gently brushes her disheveled hair back into place.
“I’ll be fine, Wil.... Thanks.” She reaches, gently touching his face. Turning to Esty, she smiles widely. “Thanks for being such a great friend, Esty. Are you sure about the fuel? Will we really be able to travel back to Oberon Prime?” She inquires, needing extra reassurance.
Esty reaches, placing a slim, long-fingered hand on Nyla’s shoulder. “Well, like I said, the fuel is not pure, but if it works, the sky’s the limit! We can go wherever our little circuits desire!” She laughs in her own fashion, patting Nyla on the back.
Everyone is giddy, as the newfound treasure is readied for the climb back to the ship. Now, the star-fuel with no engine, finally has a purpose! It finally has an engine that will hopefully eat it up like radioactive candy!
Chunks of glacial ice have been falling from the ceiling of the makeshift hanger all morning. The situation becomes more unstable with each passing hour!
Still out of useable fuel, the once proud flying saucer from across the galaxy, might soon be crushed by the weight of unbearable proportions!
While transfer of the star-fuel into the saucer’s tank went well enough, getting the reactor to eat it, is proving more difficult. Time is not on the side of the brave explorers. Solutions are few and dubious, hurdles tall and foreboding!
“Are you sure?” Wil queries into the Queens hellhole, where reactor maintenance and re-fueling occurs. “I mean, is the containment field calibrated correctly?”
Cooper, Toby and Esty have been wrestling with the calibration all morning. Built-in safeguards prevent inappropriate fuel from creating catastrophic results.  The star-fuel from Doctor Sawyers laboratory is not pure, and perhaps not up to the task, as previously thought.
Cooper sticks her head out of the reactor hole, her beautiful blond hair, completely disheveled. “We’ve tried calibrating until we’re blue in the face.” She responds, adding....
“We just keep getting the same results.... the reactor simply doesn’t like it!” Her frightful words hit like a sledgehammer! “We’re wasting precious energy all the while!”
All morning, hope had buoyed everyone’s faith that a solution would be found. At the very worst, the biologics can abandon ship and live with the slack-jaws out in the cold wilds, but androids need food that can’t be found out there.
What of Gort? .... Well, Gort simply wouldn’t fit in amongst the natives! No way, no how!
Bang! A grand violence rocks the ship to her very core! Another massive chunk of ice falls from the roof of the cavern, shaking everyone! Perhaps even the biologics won’t survive either! Not if the ice cavern collapses on their heads!
Wil breaks the gloom. “Max has an idea that might at least get us out of this cave.” Wil announces. “Then, we can figure out how to make the fuel more palatable.”
Esty, climbs from the pit. “I don’t know what else to do, so let’s hear it!”
The handsome young scientist calls the Grey commander to his console. “Esty, I’ve been looking through the fuel-system schematics. You’re not going to like this idea, but it might save our lives.”
He zooms the diagram, pointing to a control-junction deep in the belly of the craft. “If you bypass this molecular-filter and this safety flux-control-valve, I think the reactor will at least fire. It won’t like it, but we’ll at least get out of here. Or maybe explode. 50/50.” He morbidly jokes.
Esty, studies the technical data. Max’s sick joke is not completely fantasy. Discontented reactors have been known to detonate out of pure frustration. The young human proposes to circumvent engineering safety protocols and force-feed the reactor food that might not stay down!
“Well.... sure, we could do that Max, but it might kill us before the glacier does.” She reacts dubiously.
“I realize that, Esty. But like you said, we’re out of options. Personally, I’d rather go out trying, than live amongst the hillbillies of this planet. I wouldn’t do well out there.”
Another monstrous slam from above, accents the threat, lighting a fire under the metallic commander’s back side! “Okay young man, we’ll put it to vote. Everyone’s life matters.”
With a unanimous vote, Esty rolls back into the hellhole, where she and lovely human accomplices, bypass safety measures placed by long-dead engineers who are now rolling in their graves, looking for better cover from the explosion to come! Another half-hour, they’re picking up tools and securing the floor panel back into place. It’s time to turn and burn!
A twist in time / a spark for humanity!
“Everybody, strap in and count your lucky stars! We’re going to need them all!” Esty orders, as a thunderous clamor of thuds, wakes the bats in the Queens belfry. She rings like a cosmic bell, shaken but not stirred! Above, old man glacier is coming unglued, warning of cataclysmic wrath!
“It’s now or never, dear friends. Is everyone ready?”
“Let er rip, commander!” Harper, yells from the peanut gallery, tightening his battle-helmet against the thermonuclear detonation to come, or perhaps even less. He’s feeling lucky, but still!
“Okay, here the hell we go!” She reaches for the ignition button, pushing it good!
With a nails-on-chalkboard torturous-whine from below, as if it’s never been started before, the reactor greedily eats up the ships last energy-cell of 10-million Joules. If no light-off occurs, it’s totally lights-out for the brave crew and ship!
Just as the excruciating noise seems to never end, a tiny amount of Grand Ledge star-sludge is introduced within a recently created magnetic-containment field and detonated.
Suddenly, the tone of start-up changes, becoming music for sore ears! For the two space-hardened pirates, it’s the most beautiful sound in the universe! The Queens heart, throbs again as her radioactive prince, gives the hot kiss of life!
The shrillness, morphs into a deep rhythmic thrombosis that permeates the entire saucer. It becomes the constant background hum that sooths the spirits and emboldens the soul!
“Eeeeeeeeeeeeeee!” Esty exclaims with uncontained joy. Anxiety goes off the charts as she waits the necessary time for the reactor to stabilize. Torturous moments for all!
She can sense unusual glitches in the tone, as the poor reactor gags to keep the star-sludge down. Just as she thinks perhaps it’s going to be a hung start and turn sour, the ships heart finds a newfound fortitude to live again!
The mighty reactor stabilizes precariously, forcing herself to eat the primitive fare and not barf it back, a trillion-sextillion-fold!
Grudgingly, more power flows from, than what went in, and the Queen Anne’s Revenge is back baby!
Warp-coils are flooded with just the right amount of energy. They in turn, fill the sails of the warp-bubbles with wonderous space-time twistations of interdimensional power!
Outside, the electronic fog gloriously sparks back to life, bathing the sexily shaped hull.
Inside, no cataclysmic thermonuclear detonation from the Queens belly! So far, so good!
“Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!” Esty, squeals as the saucer lifts from the ruble of ancient Oak Park, Grand Ledge, Earth! More crashes from above, remind to not dilly-dally!
 All is good in Esty’s world! She increases power, manipulating the warp-bubbles just right. The saucer rises from the frozen grip of gravity with mighty throbs, shaking off the glacial debris and sucking up the landing gear with a whisper.
The crowd goes wild! The crew of 24, lets loose with such a hullabaloo, Esty fears it might bring down the house before they can leave!
Wasting no time, she guides the Revenge along the ice-tunnel leading to the Grand River. The aft monitor shows the cavern collapsing in their wake! A tsunami of melted glacial-wash races towards the fleeing Queen, nipping at her knickers with fangs of ice!
“Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!” Esty exclaims, as the flying saucer shoots from the tunnel as a bullet from a gun barrel! Into a clear blue sky, she sails! Trailing thousands of gallons of melt water as she drinks in the glorious freedom flight!
 Climbing for the stars, Esty can’t get away from the dreaded close call fast enough! Accelerating rapidly, she fights the urge to goose the engine. But being so close to the core of the planet, the delicate warp-bubbles wouldn’t react kindly if she pushed into the slipstream too soon.
Pulling back on the power at an altitude of 500-miles, the Queen coasts at nearly 10,000-mph. Far less than required by human spacecraft to break free of the planet’s gravity. Yet being out of phase even slightly, has its advantages.
Below, the once-proud mitten of Michigan, is buried with ancient ice, indistinguishable from surrounding regions of white.
“Braxton, plot a course for Oberon Prime.... Max, good job back there. I doubt I would have braved such a move on my own, and we’d all be dead now!” The crew breaks into boisterous praise for the young scientist who beams like a newborn star!
“Awe, that was nothing, Esty.... I mean, commander.” And for his effort, he gets a nice peck on the cheek from a smiling Shirley.
“Esty.” Braxton calls. “The course has been plotted and checked by Gort.”
“Very well. Whenever you’re ready Mister Crane.” She relaxes yet knows they’re not out of the woods just yet.
“Copy that commander.” Braxton acknowledges, reaching for the intercom. “All hands prepare for jump! We’re leaving for home in 30-seconds!”
Normal transition to full dephasing and slipstream penetration, usually occurs before disorientation becomes too unbearable. Seemingly past, before it ever begins....
However, something’s wrong this time! Something’s horribly wrong!
The expected flow-back of ghostly lines has morphed into a maelstrom of convoluted space-time distortions! A monstrous tempest of twisted reality grips the turned-inside-out psyches!
Star-drive gone wild, tear at the very fabric of sanity....
A temporal warp, grips them by storm! Their minds and circuits bend and flow as memories sway from early age through to the end of their own days! It’s a short time, that lasts an eternity!
Alarms, screech bloody murder at the assault, yet nobody cares of such silly things! Not with pain going off the cosmic charts!
The androids fare better than the biologics, but not by much!
Luckily, autopilot still has a grip on the situation as outside in the fog, the Grim Reaper has latched on. Chewing on the hull, he reaches under the hood, looking for critical wires to yank!
The reactor gags, choking on bile after the deluge of extra star-sludge that was just rammed down her throat. Luckily, she doesn’t detonate into atomic smithereens, but instead falls way off her peak performance, allowing the crew to snap back from the brink of death or worse!
The Grim, sensing defeat, grudgingly pulls in his gnarly claws, leaving to seek out easier victims to claim.
The mighty Queen limps along. Her poor reactor, still grossly chewing her bile. Totally upset at the food not fit for a bum, she resists coming back to full potential.
Becoming fully de-phased for FTL velocity, will be impossible without better fare! Requiring near perfection, she continues to belch radiation from the ship’s tailpipes.
“Gort, take us back to the planet! Put us down as soon as possible!” Esty orders, not wishing to have anybody less than a master pilot, perform such duty.
Meanwhile, she lowers her head, rubbing her temples with little effect, wondering what she had done to deserve such a sad turn of events.
All are deathly quiet as they try to recover from the worst day at the office.... ever! Some, are still unconscious, hanging in harnesses like ragdolls played with to roughly. Harpers battle helmet, rolls eerily across the deck, stopping at Talia’s feet.
“Oh my!” She exclaims. Glancingly, she sees with great relief that it doesn’t contain a head!
The grizzled-one takes control. Turning the ship around, he coaxes the reactor to limp towards a tiny speck of blue safety in the distance.
Twisting the wounded warp-bubbles for maneuvering, he secretly dares it to disobey his authority! The blue dot grows in size. He calculates the best approach, but knows he better take the first landing opportunity that comes along.
Cutting atmosphere above Tanzania, East Africa, he comes in with a horrendous sonic boom! Creatures big and small are shocked out of their wits!
Electronic-fog flickers, as the heartbeat of the ship palpitates....
Outside, Bernoulli reaches for the sexily shaped airfoil that begs for a lift. He’s never had such a hot ride before! So fast, as she invades his neighborhood! He hangs on for dear life, hoping to make a difference!
Ahead, Gort sees his landing zone! He allows the ship to sink lower. After leveling off at 200-feet, he tears the local airspace a new corn shoot!
Below, any number of animal’s, scurry to the safety of dens or nests, to escape the flying monster! Death reaches, but misses, as the saucer tears past, slowing all the way!
Soon, the landing gear can be heard clanking down and locking. Picking a smooth spot on a very rugged plain, Gort brings the craft to hover, allowing Bernoulli to escape back into the atmosphere where he always feels more at home anyway.
Setting the ship down gently, he idles the star-drive, causing the warp-bubbles to evaporate.
Darkness will soon be upon the land. The circle-monitor shows a veritable garden of Eden surrounding the vessel; albeit, a rugged and dry landscape.
By the time the hatch is opened, darkness has fallen on the region. The sky is clear, and Nyla becomes alarmed when she gazes up at the stars that seem out of place!
“Oh my! Don’t those stars look a fright?!” She exclaims confusedly.
“The constellations are twisted.” Wil also notices. “They don’t match my memory of Earth’s sky at all! Even taking into consideration the 175,000-years of stellar drift from our days with Sohn Space Systems.”
“Oh boy!” Talia, laments. “We’ve gone and did it this time!”
Wil has already crunched the terrible data flowing through his circuits like a bad dream from electronic hell.
“Folks, you’re not going to like what I have to say.... Either somebody moved the stars unnaturally, or we’ve gone back in time somehow! Yes, those stars are perturbed. But into the past, not the future! I calculate we’re a million-years into the past!  Someplace in East Africa.”
“Oh my!” Talia adds, while comments from others are much more colorful!
Esty stiffens! “Gort, what did you do?!” She half-jokes and is rewarded with the most innocent-looking junkyard face you can ever imagine! Putting her hand on his shoulder, she lets him off the hook, knowing it was the ships reaction to bad fuel, not him.
“That weird anomaly we had in space, must have thrown us backwards in time.” Omari supports Wil’s horrible claim.
“Oh, my circuits!” Talia exclaims again. “This isn’t going to be fixed anytime soon, I’m guessing.”
“I’m afraid not, my dearest.” Omari says forlornly. “I’m afraid we’ve gone and dug a deeper hole this time!”
A direr straight, none had ever been in!
The next several hours, finds the intrepid crew reversing the safety mechanism that was bypassed earlier, or later. It’s confusing, I know!
This allows them to electromagnetically filter the fuel into better fare for the finicky reactor. It’s a painstaking process that can’t be rushed, and that’s why it couldn’t be done inside old man glacier. Time passes....
The days are hot, the nights cool and pleasant. Every so often, bands of nomadic hominids can be seen nearby. Often, spying on the silvery bird from the sky, wondering what spirit is angry at them this time!
Once, Omari glimpses two brave males, approaching stealthily for a better view. From his digital memory, he’s sure the hominids will be known to modern humans, as Homo Erectus.
It’s since been determined that they landed in an area that will someday become known as Olduvia gorge. So, it becomes paramount to reverse the time-dilation fast, and leave the timeline if possible, before something worse happens....
“Has anyone seen Harper and Ling?” Nyla inquires frantically on the fourth afternoon, but none had seen them recently. Realizing her directive of staying close to the ship has been violated, her circuits glow red!
The day grows late, when Ling wanders back into camp, crying her heart out!
“We didn’t plan to go far, Nyla. I swear we didn’t! Before we knew it, we were following a group of hominids.... and well, time got away from us.”
Uncontrollable, end of the world sobbing, flows through camp!
“Well, where’s Harper?” Mother android demands heatedly, as she gathers supplies for a search.
“He slipped and fell from the trail into a ravine!” The distraught young lady, cries. “I couldn’t go after him, so I found another way down. When I got to the bottom, he was gone! Dragged off by the looks of it. There was some blood, not much, but he was just gone! Lots of footprints, and they weren’t his!” More sobbing....
Nyla, lands hard! She knew it was coming, but she always fights it to the last! Her time-out this time didn’t break any furniture, but rather some unlucky insects that were perhaps going to go extinct anyway.
When she comes back to consciousness, the others had already gone looking for the missing Harper. Wil stays with her at the camp, along with Esty and Gort. The night grows cold. Towards midnight, most of the search team returns.... empty handed.
“We found where Harper fell, but like Ling said, he was gone.” Adam, reports. “Carter, Braxton, Magnus and Jax, continued following the trail.”
Others in the group, collapse next to the campfire, holding frigid palms to the flames.
The trail is long, but easy to follow. Whoever took Harper, didn’t care about hiding their footprints in the sand. After long hours, the darkness weakens, as Sol brightens the eastern horizon. The trail becomes easier to follow.
Ahead, Carter sees movement in the diminishing shadows. An encampment it seems. A dozen or so hominids, gather around one who kneels, working intently. They watch excitedly at the chore being performed. The person doing the work seems familiar and is much more massive than those gathered around.
Carters, curiosity is peaked!
He motions for the boys to stay put, while he sneakily approaches. He’s shocked at what he sees! In the middle of the group, and the focal point, there of.... is Harper! He’s busily drilling a piece of wood, in a fire-making process!
The young man bends closer, blowing on glowing tinder’s. He’s rewarded with a puff of smoke in his face, and a flame at his fingertips! The crowd goes wild! Maniacally hooting and jumping all around, like the excitable hominids they are!
While, they had been making fire for as long as memory served, they have never seen it made so fast! The bow-style tool, made from a bent stick and one of Harper’s bootstraps, drills much faster and easier, than palm-drilling alone. With a flat piece of wood in his left palm, Harper had created a base for which to put pressure on the spinning stick.
Like a vertical lathe, the bow-drill spins fast and near effortlessly. Before you know it, the young alien-human, has a nice blaze going for his new hairy friends....
His stomach growls at the thought of a hot, juicy meal!
Carter is flabbergasted! He can’t believe the brazen Harper, and his lack of concern about others that worry about him!
The heavy android, stomps into the camp stiff-legged, arms outstretched like Frankenstein’s!
“Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!” He does his best at terrifying, shaking the ground really good! .... Hominids flee, like hominids have never fled before! Screaming all the way! They quickly disappear into the brush, with nary a footprint in their wake!
Looking up at the commotion, Harper’s dark face turns ashen when he sees an angry Carter looking down at him.
“Young man, I think I’ve seen enough of your fire-making skills.”
“Jeez Carter! You scared me half to death!” Color, coming slowly back into his face.
“Well .... I guess, that’s the half that Nyzilla won’t have to destroy, when I get you back to the Revenge.”
“Awe jeez, Carter! .... I couldn’t help it! .... I slipped and knocked myself out! .... The fall nearly killed me, I swear!” The desperate young man pleads, as a moss bandage on his head, proves a great truth in his words.
“And what about helping them invent an easier way to make fire? I mean, what the hell!”
Okay, okay, you got me there, Carter .... But somebody figured out how to do what I just did. Who’s to say it wasn’t chief Turkana, who by the way, you also frightened half to death, thank you very much!”
Carter helps the wayward explorer up, checking his headwound and brushing dirt from his furs .... furs? .... Another shock for the tall android! “Pray-tell, what else have you been teaching these fine, hairy folks? .... Also, did you switch clothing, or did somebody do that for you?”
Harper’s face loses color once again, offering a sheepish glance. He hadn’t expected such a pointed question. He’s never been able to lie effectively in the past, and against Carter he has no chance at all!
“Well, jeez Carter .... I don’t exactly remember. When I woke up .... I was already in these furs! .... and being looked after by the females of the clan.”
“Looked after?! .... Looked after?!” The shocked android, inquires incredulously, trying to not wake the dead. The thoughts running through his circuits, are surely not for the pure of heart.
“Please, just tell me one thing honestly, Mister Harper Williams .... did you make it with any of those erectus females?” He glares the pointed question, like a laser beam.
“I .... uh .... what do you mean, Carter?” He stalls for time....
“I mean .... did you have sex with any of those female erectus?!” .... There, straight to the point, Carter thinks!
“Well, I .... I never got the chance, Carter .... I mean .... well, they made it with me, before I could stop em! .... honest! .... Jeez Carter, I was weak! .... and they were many .... and STRONG! .... you never felt such steely muscles in all your life! .... I had no chance! No chance at all!” The desperate young man pleads wildly.... nearly believably.
“Awe, don’t worry, Harp .... don’t worry one minute.” Carter responds disappointedly, putting his arm around the young man’s shoulders, as he adds....
“Your tragic tale is safe with me. But if there’s any more information about last night, please save it for another time. For now, I need plausible deniability. Whatever happens when we get back to camp .... even if Nyzilla’s wrath, turns the screws tight, don’t lie to her, my boy. That’s your only hope for survival.” Carter laughs nervously, glad he won’t be in the lad’s boots when they get back home!
Carter does realize the ramifications of the lad’s mischievous night. Humanity may never be the same, he ponders!
Imagine, an entire human global-population one day, with high-intelligence, and a proclivity for head injuries and falls! How bad can it be, he figures? That, plus he realizes that changing anything now, might just create a time-paradox that’s infinitely worse than just a young human male, being a young human male!
Who knows, perhaps Harpers misfortunes are what history demands in this universe. Perhaps it’s Harpers actions, that fuel the spark for future advancements of humanity. While in a parallel universe, perhaps they never get thrown back in time, and Harper couldn’t have done what he says, wasn’t his fault .... however, many will always suspect otherwise!
Just then, Braxton, Magnus and Jax brave an entrance into the camp.
“They’ve high-tailed it, Carter. We won’t see them for a month of Sundays!” Jax informs. “Hey Harp, you okay? What happened egghead? .... You sure got Nyla’s circuit’s in a knot. She’s fit to be tied!” Mister smooth, lays it out bluntly.
“Yeah, I’m okay.... if Carter doesn’t get me destroyed!” He glances embarrassedly, in hopes that the handsome olive-toned android, will put some major positive-spin on the subject when they get back to civilization.
“Hey, nice furs!” Magnus exclaims jealously, punching Harper ferociously on the arm.
“Thanks Maggot!” Harper retorts, rubbing the impact site. Then, moving quickly, he enters the female’s hut, where he changes back into his badly torn and bloodied jumpsuit and boots; minus one bootstrap....
The group of high-tech futuristic-hominids, leisurely yet boisterously exit the camp. Leaving a drill-bow half buried and forgotten in the sand. As they walk along, Carter offers support to his new friend, of whom he knew the father very well.
Whisperingly, Carter relates softly. “Oh, and by the way Harp, for what it’s worth, I’m glad you survived your dreadful ordeal. I must have been horrendous.” He jokes with a chuckle.”
“Thanks Carter!” Harper is glad the alpha-android isn’t going to ride him about the incident. “It might not be a bad thing after all, because the knock on my head gave me an idea about how to get us out of the mess we’re in!”
The lad drops a smart bomb that brightens the android’s morning! He only hopes the lad’s idea won’t explode in their faces!
Also .... the hills have eyes! Curious hominids spy stealthily from secret locations, hoping the tall angry-one, won’t hurt their new friend! Many wonder if they’ll ever see the tall, dark stranger from the sky, ever again....
Now, as we all know by now, Nyla Sohn isn’t stupid .... She’ll drill until she hits pay dirt, while Mister Harper will do what he does best.... find a way to confound her circuits!
His only true hope is that Ling chooses against exploring the particulars of his primitive ordeal. He isn’t proud of his weakness .... after all, he is just an animal .... a simple product of Mother Nature’s undiluted lust, he is!
Being a male of the species, his most basic of urges besides food, water, and shelter, is a gargantuan force. A gargantuan force indeed! Really, no different than other males of any other species, found throughout other universes. All he can do is recognize the cosmic trait and try to try!
He knows that his siblings will wonder for the rest of their lives, about what happened to him that fateful night. Yet as hard as they try .... as hard as they might .... they won’t get the goods from him, concerning that magical night!
If there’s one thing Harper has learned during his short lifetime, it’s that loose lips, sink ships!
Any port in a time-storm!
The morning is sultry .... as hot humid-air flows throughout the prehistoric country. Queen Anne’s Revenge rises from an ancient terrain, retracts her landing gear and hovers in a light rain.
Not far away, hidden on a rocky-rim, curious hominids gaze wondrously at the hypnotic fog, clinging nakedly to her skin! Strangers of the sky who live inside the shimmering bird had visited many days, speaking unintelligible word.
This is the first time the creature has lifted, and without the slightest of flutters, rises shiningly into the sky unassisted! Much swooning at the wondrous apparition, that conjures such strong superstition! .... Even from the males of the clan, as the monstrous bird lifts powerfully from their land!
A deep rhythmic-hum pounds against their chests, causing a fright! But for only one time, the tall visitors had brought nary a fight. So, as the strong heartbeat of the flying beast is taken in stride, the strange power before them, makes for a newfound pride!
It’s an unavoidable omen, and in their souls, it shall ride!
Sadness flows over the watchers, as they fear the bird will fly away, finding a new place to hide this day! If that happens, life will become a bore; because they’ll have failed their newfound god forevermore!
Many stories will be told, of the tall dark stranger that created fire so bold! He and all will be missed greatly, until time truly turns to mold!
Life will be good for the hominids of old, as their rush for the future, selflessly takes hold!
From the loins of three; .... five-wise will arrive! Into the far future, their numbers will thrive! Intelligence and cunning the dominate drive! Without the slightest of dread .... they’ll fear only a clunk on the head!
“Cooper, Toby, how’s the reactor like the purified fuel?” Esty, inquires from atop her mighty throne, also examining the data flowing from the ships heart. It took nearly a month to re-process the swill from Grand Ledge, but so far, things are looking up!
“All parameters within limits, Esty.” Toby reports ominously. “But remember, they looked good last time we lifted too, and where did we end up? Hominid land, that’s where!”
“That’s true, young lady. But we must do, what we must do! We’ve upset this time-line enough.”
She thinks of Harpers unfortunate abduction, and the many other hunting expeditions to obtain protein for the biologics.
Luckily, the local hominid population left food offerings on nearby ledges each day, but it wasn’t enough for the large crowd of still-growing space-aliens from Oberon Prime!
More than once, the pre-humans were shocked at the power of the tall-ones, as they killed their prey from long distances with bright spears of blood-light!
It quickly became apparent that the two species were becoming way too familiar with each other. If that continues, oh brother!
Many legends will grow and morph over the years ahead.... time to leave while the leaving is good! The warp-field polarity has been reversed, so there’s hope to move forward in time, instead of perhaps worse. Thoughts of nuclear annihilation, plagues Esty’s circuits. As she contemplates another rough ride through this strange time-circus!
“Braxton, take us into orbit. Slowly.... no more than 2% slip.” She orders, with shaky confidence that her ship will perform satisfactorily. She and Gort, have a high-degree of confidence that the freshly-habilitated fuel will perform admirably.
She looks to her first officer, receiving a sly wink of approval from the grizzled-one, who glows with pride in knowing that they’ve once again re-taken the sky!
“Aye Aye, commander!” The eager young pilot exclaims joyfully, glad to be back in action once again. All crew members are strapped in tightly against the terrible scenario of a crash landing. He manipulates the idling warp-bubbles just right, causing the saucer to rise further into the sky.
Behind, they leave sad hominids, that will always pine for the day of their return.
Even at such a tiny slipstream percentage, the ship rises dramatically fast. Leaving the hominids wondering how it could move so quickly, with nary a flutter of wing, nor the slightest utterance of squawk.
Without the slightest disturbance, the beautiful bird is gone from their lives, leaving them feeling empty, sad and none the wiser.... yet.
Yet unknown to all, something wonderful of the visit, still remains!
It only takes half a minute to reach an altitude of 500-miles. The ships circle-monitor is full of beautiful planet Earth on one side, and the jeweled swath of Milky Way, splashed across the other.
Many who gaze at the beautiful planet, contemplate the fact that it’s still unpopulated with modern humans. Still a pristine world, with all the natural bounty she was born with. Still yet to be plundered, by future agents of Mother Nature!
“Magnus, take us to the coordinates above Michigan where we exited the planet last time.” Esty orders, hoping to duplicate the ill-fated flight as accurately as possible.
“Aye Aye, commander!” The young man is thrilled that the diminutive android allows him time at the wheel. With a delicate touch, he flies north towards the arctic shortcut to North America. Africa glides gracefully past, and into the rear-view monitor.
Ahead, the mitten of Michigan is still covered with glacial ice from a previous age of global inclement weather. The Grand River valley where they obtained their new fuel hasn’t even been formed yet, and won’t be, for about another million-years.
Magnus, lines up the ship with the exact coordinates of old, waiting for further instructions. “We’re at the specified coordinates, commander.” He informs, dutifully.
“Good work, Magnus. .... Standby.” She pauses, reviewing critical data.
Nyla and Wil sit quietly at the communications console, confident they won’t have to answer the phone anytime soon. Talia sits nervously with Omari at life-support. Each wondering if they’ll ever see Oberon Prime, again. After all, it’s only a million years in the future!
This fact weighs heavily on everyone’s mind or circuits, as they hover above the continent where horses, camels and rhinoceroses still roam their ancestral lands. Wooly Mammoths, Mastodons and Saber-Toothed cats also enjoy life without being hunted by humans.
“Esty,” Nyla inquires worriedly, “Are you sure about Harper’s idea? I mean, he never even used the headband. We might end-up worse off than we already are.”
“Awe jeez, mom. Thanks for the vote of confidence.” Comes a sad tone from auxiliary seating.
Before Nyla can respond, Esty offers her fine appraisal of Harpers natural mental prowess. “My friend, please calm your circuits. Harper’s idea is by far the most logical of all.” She reminds of the lad’s plan of reversing polarity on the ships star-drive in attempt to move forward in time and maybe not explode.
They might end up a supernova. They might end up in another universe, or they might simply wake up dead! Hopefully they’ll end up in another timeline, just fine.
They are temporal castaways, and as they sometimes say, ‘any port in a time-storm’! Perhaps the next port, will be home port!
“See, Nyla? Esty has my back.” Harper pours on the guilt trip as mom rolls her eyes.
“May almighty atheismo have mercy on us all!” Jax, yells to a near-standing ovation!
“Okay okay, everyone. Calm yourselves.” Esty, intervenes before her crew loses focus. “Braxton, Magnus, input coordinates for Oberon Prime. Gort, please assist.”
Her helmsmen turn to. Below deck, a jury-rigged valve waits patiently to release its brew of toxic star-sludge into the reactor feed-port.
Mister Harper Williams was first to theorize the injection-method, while recovering from his latest head injury. Others were on the same track, but he theorized the possible solution first. On paper, the theory held water that they would be kicked forward in space-time, but practical application is the only way to be sure.
Esty’s greatest fear, besides annihilation, is that they jump further backward in time. That just wouldn’t do! Also, the ships delicate warp-coils, might not be up to the job. It’s a terrible jolt to the system each time, she ponders.
“We’re ready, commander.” Magnus informs
“Very well. Hang on to the one you love, because we’re going for a ride!”
Braxton engages autopilot and star-sludge is once again fed into the heated reactor. Lights dim throughout the ship, as all non-essential electrical power is redirected into the star-drive.
Within the blink of an eye, everything inside the electronic-fog dissolves into a torturous, twisted maelstrom of convoluted space-time! For crucial moments, the warp-bubbles twist and turn in on themselves, briefly flipping inside-out! Something they ought never do!
The pain of the upheaval is horrific, leaving a forever-scar on the psyches of all! Mercifully, the horrific event is over.... seemingly before it even began!
The ships mighty reactor, gags on the nasty time-fuel. Before she can complain too much, a sip of the sweet stuff comes her way again. There’s no atomic annihilation. No castaway into another universe. Instead, a temporal rip in the space-time fabric, swallows the ship and crew.... bones and all!
After a stitch in time, the saucer is spit back out and into another timeline. It’s a horrific event that leaves the brave crew feeling seasick. Neck rubbing and colorful phrases aplenty, as everyone discovers they’re still alive!
As programed, autopilot eases off the throttle, allowing the ship to coast without fully entering the stream. Screaming past Saturn at 33-million-mph, the Queen barely limps along. While the number seems pretty fast, and it is, the speed of light is nearly 670-million-mph! Apparently, it’s true what they say.... there’s a whole lot of space, in outer space!
“Jax, Adam, what does the astrogator say about our position?” Esty, requests.
“We’re on it, commander; standby.” Jax, responds as they flip switches, turn dials, ciphering the all-important information.
Glancing around, Esty notices concern on everyone’s faces. Even Gort is beside himself with worry, as he moves to assist the two at astrogation.
“Is everyone okay?” The caring commander inquires, receiving a chorus of lackadaisical affirmatives from the nervous crew. Their attitudes about space travel is shaken and stirred.
Jax, offers a sad assessment. “Uh Esty.... we sure did move forward in the time-line, but you’re not going to like it!”
“That’s okay young man.... out with it.”
Everyone except Wil, braces for the numbers. “Well, it seems that we went forward in time like we hoped, except we’re now 5,000-years beyond our original time-line!” His dark features, grimace at being the barer of bad news.
Wil had been studying the star patterns on the circle-monitor and had deduced the bad news already. “That’s some fine ciphering my boy! .... You too, Adam!” He praises the young scientist’s prowess with the complicated astro-compass. Adding....
“I estimate we overshot by 4986-years past our due-date. Give or take a few months.”
“Hey, at least we didn’t get blown to sub-atomic particles!” Nyla, cheerfully reminds, as she sends Harper Williams the best smile and wink she has in her arsenal. “Sorry I doubted you son.”
“Awe.... it was nothing!” The lad beams, adding sadly. “But were still lost in time.”
The mother of all sighs radiates from Talia. She gets a grip, noticing her distress is upsetting the poor Zenarawan’s who already wished this bad magic to be finished already! “Well, at least we’re closer anyway. That must count for something!” The lovely doctor says in a fine upbeat way. “We just need to fine-tune the method.... Right Esty?”
A force-filled sigh, rains down from the lofty heights of the command throne. “It’s easier said than done, my friend.” She offers her most heartfelt expression. “You see Talia, we’re not able to regulate the toxic-mixture injection at the delicately required amounts for on-time arrival, as it were. We must modify the valve, but we haven’t the machinery!”
“Hey everyone!” Harper yells. “We’re only off the mark by a fraction of 1%! And we still have plenty of Grand Ledge goop, so we can try again!” The lad boldly states, as the very thought causes another queasiness to grip the crew!
“Of course, you’re correct Harper.” Esty agrees as she formulates a devious thought. “Now, we might try another jump.... or we could spend a little time exploring this time-line first.” She looks around for kindred spirits and sees newly formed bright eyes amongst her brave crew.
“What’s rattling around inside those piratical circuits of yours, Miss Esty?” Wil inquires jovially.
A haunting laugh from the leader, eases everyone’s angst. “Well, we’re not far from the Naiad civilization. It’s been 5-thousand-years since we’ve seen them last. I’m interested in finding out how they’re doing after all this time! Perhaps they’ve advanced to a point where they might be able to help us once again!” Her words soothe like the best cosmic drug.
Talia explodes.... “Oh my! .... Oh yes! .... The Naiad’s! .... Of course, the Naiad’s! Such a wonderful idea, Esty!”
Like a lifesaver tossed to a drowning victim, it calms her circuits! She hadn’t thought there was a snowballs chance against the sun, that there might actually be friends nearby.
Omari brightens as he addresses the wise commander. “My dear, if I didn’t know better, I would think you had medical programming in your devious circuits! Because, that idea is just what the doctor ordered!” He laughs hardily, nearly cracking a circuit! Esty, swoons!
Gort and helpers, calculate a route to Ganymede, the icy moon of Jupiter. The Queen is feeling better, consuming the recently cleaned fuel like a champ. Also, the time-travel events haven’t damaged the warp-coils, or overloaded other systems onboard too much. So, for now it’s going to be smooth sailing. At least that’s the prevailing theory of hope!
“Helmsmen, take us to Ganymede! Specifically, 10-miles above Carter and Tina’s old haunts.”
She looks to the recently rescued pair of android compatriots, seeing excitement building, as they ponder the chance to visit their watery friends again. Yet after all this time, the ones who actually helped, have long ago retired to Davy Jones Locker....
“Esty,” Carter breaks his silence, “I can see that working with you, will never be boring!” He laughs in the face of uncertainty, receiving a wink from the mechanical commander.
Raznalli and Linmarri, fidget after learning they’re not returning home just yet. Another visit to the dreadful moon, doesn’t land well with them. Their curious offspring Razzi and Surri, quickly get with the program, becoming curious to see what wonderful secrets they’re about to learn. They sense the mood of their shipmates has changed from dire dread to excitement, and that intoxicates them to no end!
The Naiad’s
At 35% slip, the saucer eats up the distance to Jupiter in just under 30-minutes. The Jovian gas-giant grows quickly on the monitor. Many of the planets 67 moons shine like beacons as the saucer approaches, making for a surreal journey.
They pass so close to Callisto, it fills half the circle-monitor, bringing an exclamation from many, and a fearful scream from Talia!
As Ganymede is now on the opposite side of Jupiter, Braxton guides the saucer perilously close to the gas-giant’s upper atmosphere. Even Talia is dumbstruck as they skim past the cyclonic great red spot which seems to reach for them like a thing alive.
Swinging past the 400-pound gorilla in the room, Braxton pilots past Europa and Io as he lines up for a rendezvous with the icy moon, Ganymede.
“Commander!” Cooper calls out. “I’m detecting radio-graphic radiations coming from Europa!”
“Please record what you can. We can’t deviate from our mission. Make sure nothing follows us.” Esty responds, pondering the implications of such a discovery. “Braxton, maintain course.”
“Yes, ma'am.”
The proud Queen Anne’s Revenge, zips past and beyond the two inner moons of Jupiter, soon closing with their targeted destination.
“We’re coming up on Ganymede, commander.” Magnus informs.
“Good job, young humans!” Esty praises. “I couldn’t have done better myself!”
“Esty, we’re being scanned!” Cooper announces excitedly, hoping it’s a good sign.
“Very well.... Maintain orbit. Let them scan to their hearts delight! Besides, we’ll need permission before entering their world.” Esty informs, knowingly.
Moments later, English text is printed across the main monitor. “Carter 149005?” A shocking inquiry, with a simple answer!
“Yes; Carter is here.” Esty returns with text of her own, hoping they’ll be recognized as friend, and not foe.
Another transmission from below. “Our historical-records describe a vessel such as yours. Who is Carter’s mate?” Comes a security question from the moon, that’s easy to answer.
“Tina. She is also here. Both are safe.” Esty, reports textfully.
On the circle-monitor, a scaled, multi-colored, gelatinous-looking face appears. It’s a ghostly specter! A wavering image, that leaves Jax feeling spooked! The Naiad person is submersed in thick saline-liquid, which constantly bends the light in the video. Two sets of tiny eyes protrude from short stalks above a series of gill-like slits, where our nose would be.
Below that, where our mouth is, a depression not unlike a large bellybutton, sinks into the face. At the bottom of this pit, is a thick beak-like incisor with long tendrils protruding from the side. They extend wrigglingly from the dimple, like tiny feelers. From this organ, the Naiad commander would normally communicate.
Yet, his clicks and snaps would be meaningless to the alien visitors. So, instead, he types into a data-pad using the limited English garnered from the historical-records of Carter and Tina’s time with them....
“I am Talus, of the Naiad people. While scans of your vessel match our records, we cannot fathom how you seem to defy time. It has been thousands of years since last contact. How can this be?”
A fair question, from naturally perplexed beings. Esty activates a video system, so her benefactor might also visualize them. A shocked expression comes upon the Naiad’s face, as he gets an eyeful of the strange beings from points unknown.
“Since our last visit to your world, we have become victims of an uncontrollable time-warp phenomenon. Because of this, we once again require the assistance of your proud people. We require tools for machining metals. Can you help us?”
A long pause, while the data is digested and processed. No amount of explaining, could accurately describe the dilemma facing the visitors. However, they passed the security screening, so Talus authorizes another contact.
“We can work metals. You may enter our world, and we will try to help. I will meet you under the ice and guide you.” The transmission ends, leaving a shocked yet happy crew on the Queen Anne’s Revenge!
The journey through the 30-mile-thick, crustal-ice of Ganymede is steamy and uneventful. The ships laser is not required, as the slightly de-phased condition of the ship, does the trick just fine! The entry hole quickly freezes shut after the Queen passes.
The ships reactor easily handles the chore, while barely out of an idle-configuration. When they melt through to the other side, Talus’s ship is there as promised, escorting the excited cosmic-beings into the abyssal depths.
After a descent of 238-miles, and several ever-thickening layers of salinity, they arrive at a sprawling, well-lit structure. It buoyantly hovers in place, with another 300-miles to the very bottom, where the hot core of the moon lives.
The pressure at this depth is astronomical! It brings forth creaks and moans from the old Queen’s bones! Fortunately, her saucer-shape adds geometric-strength, and exposure to the slipstream, keeps much of the pressure at bay, if not a little overheated!
“We are here.” Talus types. “Before you is an airlock. It’s the same as from Carter’s facility. It, along with the reactor that sank after the implosion, were recovered and put to good use. Much of our power comes from reverse engineering of that very reactor.”
Talus again.... “I will meet you inside. You must wear life-support equipment inside. We, the Naiad people, exist only in a liquid medium. Pressures within the structure will be adequate for your needs.” With that, Talus’ ship moves off to another airlock.
“I’m guessing that Talus means we need to wear space suits.” Nyla correctly supposes.
“I knew there was going to be a catch someplace!” Carter complains, knowing he won’t be attending the reunion unless absolutely necessary. His Claustrophobia tolerance has come a long way since the old days, but he’s still not out of the woods. “I’ll hold the fort.” He says meekly, wishing he could overcome his dilemma totally.
“No need to worry, Carter.” Esty informs, matter of factly. “I, along with most of us, will not enter the facility either. Only four will be required to modify the fuel-valve. That is, if it can be modified by the Naiad’s technology.”
She looks at Nyla and Wil. “You two are the most experienced at mechanical-tooling and fabrication. Won’t you please do the honors?”
Nyla’s, face brightens! “We would love to! Just interacting with the Naiadian’s, will be worth the effort! Right Wil?”
“My dear, I wouldn’t have it any other way!” Leaning in, he offers a peck on the cheek, before turning to Cooper and Toby. “We’ll need assistants, and I can’t think of anyone more qualified to come with. How’s about it, ladies?” Bouncing his eyebrows, he entices the willing.
Esty, moves the ship closer to the structure, while Cooper and Toby isolate and remove the valve from the reactor fuel-system. It’s a delicate process, requiring the utmost care so’s not to contaminate the ship with radiation. It helps that the fuel-mixture is weak with radiations until chewed upon by the reactor, but still....
Harper and Max had created a blue-print of what changes are required within the valve for a more precise level of time-fuel-injection. If the required modifications can be accomplished, the valve will introduce the contaminated fuel into the reactor with the precision of a hypodermic needle, instead of an uncontrollable gush!
All suited up and ready to go, the four explorers enter the saucers airlock, closing the inner door behind them. Esty, increases the ships slipstream exposure, allowing the vessel to meld with the Naiadian structure just the right amount.
The facility walls easily absorb the heat-byproduct caused from slipstream exposure. Esty, figures that Carters old haunt, imploded because it couldn’t process the heat quickly enough in its aged structure. So, her fears are not so great.
As the Queens outer airlock opens, four alien divers swim through the heated electronic-fog and into the Naiad facility. Not an easy thing to do in any type of space suit! Without flippers, it’s comical to watch the earthlings flail as they slowly make forward progress.
Esty moves her ship away from the structure, so’s not to repeat the implosion disaster that seemed like just yesterday but was actually thousands-of-years-prior. Another implosion just wouldn’t do! Especially, with so much more at stake!
“Esty, we’re inside. All A-Okay, so far.” Nyla radio’s an update, just as a Naiadian welcoming committee arrives.
“Copy that, Nyla. Good luck.” Esty, transmits. “We’ll be waiting.
Up close, the indigenous creatures of Ganymede are quite alarming! Quite alarming indeed! At first glance, they offer an aura of danger and maliciousness, which thankfully is not matched by their kind nature. They are multi-appendaged. Not too dissimilar from an earthly octopus, except their arms and legs are separated by a lengthy torso.
On average, they’re 7-feet-long. Their bodies and limbs are heavily scaled with a kaleidoscope of colors, almost iridescent in nature. Mesmerizingly beautiful, yet scary due to their imposing size of the creature.
The Naiad’s swim nakedly, each wearing a utility belt of sorts around the mid-section. There is no obvious delineation between sexes, and that may account for the lack of modesty.
If truth be known, they simply just swim more efficiently without encumbrances. Never the less, Nyla and Wil are on high-alert for any nefarious hijinks, as the two groups hover fully-submerged in front of each other.
One of the welcoming committee swims closer than the others. Using a smart-pad, it gets the ball rolling. “Greetings. I am Talus.” The alien commander types. “Welcome to our world and home. Are two of you, Carter and Tina?” A simple question. After all, Carter and Tina are ancient celebrities here, if not already obtaining ghost-like status!
“Regretfully, they must remain outside.” Nyla volunteers, using a voice activated data-tablet of her own. “We can only send the most qualified.” Not knowing how to explain Carter’s phobia, she hopes for understanding.
“That is unfortunate.” Talus types. “Perhaps next time.”
 “Greetings, Talus.” Wil types. “Thank you, for allowing us to enter your world once again. We will be forever in your debt.”
“Think nothing of it. Perhaps someday the roles will be reversed. One never knows. Please follow us. We will take you to our engineering facility.”
The four space creatures from the Queen, struggle to keep up with their new friends who move at one-tenth speed, so’s not to leave them behind. The structure they travel through, is a warren of twisted passageways carved through hardened salt-crystals, reminding of a beehive gone wild!
Tunnels extend this way, and that! Some go straight down. Others shoot off at tangents. It’s very disorienting for the time-travelers. If not for the spatial-awareness capabilities of the android circuits, they could never find their way back to the airlock without assistance! All along the way, hundreds of curious Naiadian’s, line the passage in hopes for a glimpse of the aliens!
Soon, the group rounds one final bend in the tortuous maze, and before them is what would be considered a machine-shop in any intelligent species recognition of what’s what.
Past lathe-like machines, they swim. Past calibrated grinding devices, they swim. Past metal processing equipment, they swim. Wil is glad they’re not exhaling bubbles into the alien’s atmosphere, as the space suits re-breather system works tirelessly and efficiently to remove heat and carbon dioxide from the air-mixture.
Talus halts in front of a workbench, entering text into his device. “Use this surface for home-base. Please feel free to disassemble the item you need to work. Our people will try to assist with whatever modification you wish performed.”
With that, Talus moves to the side, allowing several similar-looking creatures to move in and observe the action. Cooper and Toby, break-down the injector-valve into its many components, while placing Harper and Max’s blueprints on the table.
Quickly, the diagram becomes a focal point for the Naiad scientists! As Toby works the valve, a data-pad at the end of a squiggly arm, is placed in front of her face. “We understand the dimensions and language of the document. Please, move to the side and let us work. Our tools are complicated, and best used by those who are familiar.”
Toby and Cooper move to the side as requested, glad to be observers. They’re shocked that the creatures can make meaning out of Harper and Max’s chicken-scratches. But what they don’t realize, is that long ago when the human terraforming facility imploded and sank, the main computers and memory were scavenged and analyzed.
They provided engineering data that was easily absorbed by the intelligent squid people of Ganymede. Naiad peoples are very curious beings, so it was like feeding candy to a child.
For thousands-of-years, Naiadian youngsters were taught this alien information and language, against a time when they might once again meet with the friendly species.
The androids and young humans are mesmerized by the fluid-like-motions of their benefactors at work. The valve is compared with the diagram of changes required, and they get right down to it. It’s a surreal experience to the time-travelers; seeming like a dream!
The workers move to a lathe-device. Many adjustments of controls are performed that would have been impossible for the people of the saucer, on such short notice. Areas of the valve that require metal removed or added, are worked with knowing pride!
It can’t be easy to design and use electrical tools under water, but these intelligent creatures found a way. After the valve is re-tooled, another critical piece is machined, inspected, and secured to the valve-assemble. This piece is a reservoir that will hold the contaminated time-fuel that the valve must work with.
“I can’t believe what I’m seeing!” Nyla exclaims quietly. “This wild idea of Esty’s, might just work! I mean, look at them go! This task seems to be right up their ally!” The lovely android is beside herself with glee, as the valve is worked like magic, by professionals of the deep!
It soon becomes apparent that the busy workers have reached an impasse. Looking at Cooper with a confused expression, they text. “We do not find a required sub-assembly.”
Cooper slaps the palm of her space-gloved-hand against her helmeted forehead! She instantly understands the alien’s angst!
Reaching into her satchel, she hands them the calibrated solenoid-reservoir that’s required for the new injection system. It’s the addition to the modified valve that will allow for precisely measured amounts of time-fuel from the reservoir, to be fed into the reactor.
The reservoir-assembly is accepted with pleasure on their strange-looking faces, that are quickly becoming not so strange-looking to the four who watch the magic happening.
Soon, the valve is completed and set on the table for inspection. Nyla’s in seventh heaven! She turns the valve this way and that. Checking for imperfections, she finds none.
The Naiad scientists, float nearby with a smug satisfaction on their colorful faces. Talus, swims over with his smart-pad. “My friends, I hope we have helped. Perhaps someday we can exchange technological information on a greater level. I’m sure that both of our peoples will benefit.”
Nyla sends agreement and thanks, while Wil places a heavy tool-bag on the table. Reaching inside, he removes kilo-sized bars of gold and platinum.
“Talus, we can’t thank you enough. I only hope this metal will be of use to your people. Also, we’ll give you as much of our technological data as we can.” He takes a water-resistant hard drive from a pouch, placing it on the table next to the beautiful metal.
“This is memory of all our history and technologies. Also, there’s some stuff about the universe beyond your world. It’s very detailed and must be protected from moisture. So, protect it well my friend, and it will enrich your lives.”
“You honor us greatly.” Talus responds joyfully. “This information will be treasured! Also, the metals are extremely rare to us. What you have placed before me, is many times that of our entire global supply!”
“Think nothing of it, my good friend Talus.” Wil responds kindly. “Next time, we’ll bring more.”
Toby nudges Wil, pointing to her oxygen-level indicator. “We better be going, Wil.”
“Of course, my dear.” Wil relents, wishing for more time with their new friends. “Talus, our oxygen supply runs low. I wish we had more time, but I’m afraid we must go.”
“May we meet more often in the future, than every 5,000-years.” Talus offers sincerely.
Nyla, moves closer, running a gloved hand gently down the side of Talus’s face. “Thank you, Talus. Farewell. May your people stay healthy.”
With that, two androids and two humans are escorted back through the labyrinth of passageways to the airlock.
They travel through a forest of colorful Naiadian people, who’ve come out for a viewing of their alien visitors. Some even brought their wee-ones to see history in the making! Many, extend appendages, allowing them to brush against the aliens as they pass. It’s a once in a lifetime event! .... or perhaps, a start of more frequent visits!
Before entering the Naiadian airlock, Wil turns to Talus with a final text. “My friend, I wish to tell you that during our journey here, we detected artificial radiations coming from a nearby world. One of your neighbors.... We call that world, Europa.”
“Thank you. We know of each other, but know not, each other’s language. It will take time.”
“Good luck, my friend!” With one final wave, the group of off-worlders enter the Naiadian airlock and seal the hatch.
Esty, carefully brings her partially de-phased ship into the facilities airlock wall. The four divers leave the water behind as they move through the electronic-fog and back aboard the submarine-saucer. The EVA crew is met with ecstatic glee, as the harrowing wait is over.
Esty, sends one more text, thanking and letting it be known to expect another visit as soon as possible. Perhaps even faster than that. After all, with exacting time-travel, the skies the limit!
Braxton, Magnus and Gort, maneuver the Revenge upward through the many layers of salinity, and beyond the thick crustal icepack at the surface of the large moon.
Once safely in orbit, Cooper and Toby busy themselves with connecting the freshly reworked ‘time-valve’, back into the fuel system manifold. They prime the reservoir with Grand Ledge time-sludge, hoping for the best.
As of that time, no calculations have been made concerning the next destination. Aside from Omari, Talia, and the adult Zenarawan’s, who already knew exactly where they wanted go, (Oberon Prime of course), everyone else seemed raring for more adventure!
“Well, we still have two-weeks of supplies onboard, so are there any suggestion about how we should test the new valve?” Nyla inquires, hoping for a grand idea from the masses.
“I have a suggestion!” Esty expresses, hoping for first dibs. “Let’s see if we can stop the Apollyon attack on Earth! That’s a good idea.... right?” She entices the willing.
“Oh my!” Talia freaks, knowing Esty is right.
Instantly, the crew likes the idea! All eyes revert to Carter as commander inquires. “What year did you say the supplies stopped arriving from Earth?”
“Well, let’s see.” Rolling his eyes, Carter accesses ancient memory circuits. “It was during the early part of 2385, I believe.”
“No dear.” Tina, interrupts wisely. “You forgot to carry the one.... it was 2386. Late 2386.
“My bad. I always forget to carry that damn one!” Laughs all around, break the gloom.
With Tina’s data, the time-valve is primed and readied. All realize it hasn’t been tried yet, but calculations are promising.
2386, is a time when androids might still rule the solar system. While the Revenge isn’t outfitted for war, aside from some relatively pitiful lasers and particle-beam cannons, a recon of the enemy is still warranted! A good way to test the new valve, at any rate.!
“Well, we’re ready!” Esty, announces after she double-triple-checks the data. “Are there any who feel we shouldn’t pursue this crazy act? Speak now, or forever keep your dark-matter to yourself!”
Glancingly, she sees no serious dissent. Only 2 androids and 2 Zenarawan’s aren’t too enthused, looking a green behind the gills. Yet they know better than to try and pop the bubble of enthusiasm around them. After all, the needs of the many, outweigh the needs of the few!
Wil reaches, making sure his little bag of goodies is still under his seat where he left it. Back at Oberon Prime, he had smuggled some thermonuclear hand-grenades onboard, against that rainy day on an unpredictable voyage.
Not even Nyla knew they were onboard. He ponders the possible high price to pay, when she finds out! Hefting the heavy bag, gives him a sense of comfort. He’s glad Doctor Max hadn’t sent them into the void without some sharp fangs! Something to level the playing field, so to speak!
“Okay then!” Esty exclaims. “Everyone, secure for the jump! We’re going for another time-ride!” With that, she enters the final data into the ships computer and reaches for the star-drive throttle control!
The Apollyon; scourge of the galaxy!
The night was eternal .... especially towards the end! .... Not a creature was stirring, not even an electronic mouse! Suddenly, onboard the starship Nerezza, command and control systems come back to life after long slumber. Video screens brighten, as electronic systems buzz and chirp their joys of reawakening!
Lights brighten for the malignant piratical crew, who slumber at workstations. Their numbers are about 200. Much like the ships systems, they too are of electronic/mechanical origin, and are now reanimating also!
They are of the Apollyon species. The very same that Esty’s ancestors had created. The very same that has quickly evolved into the scourge of the Galaxy!
And.... a juicy star system ahead, awaits plundering!
Thana, sits in command authority, awaiting reports from the many who analyze the incoming data-stream. The vessel is beyond immense in size. At slightly more than 120-miles-across, and 90-miles-thick, it presents an imposing figure even in the deep void of space!
Nestled at the center of this behemoth, a mile-wide bubble-shaped command bridge is home territory to the sentient machines that rule the ship.
Command and control stations, along with housing and maintenance structures, cover the inside of the sphere, as like mosses growing on the inside of a jar.
In the center of this space, high above the surface, resides a glowing ball of plasma. With star-like illumination, it breathes life into the many scallywags below.
The ship constantly grows, as 99% of its life forms are dedicated to expansion of the structure. Thousands of workstations, laboratories, and engineering sections throughout the ship are operated by millions of mechanical beings who could be sentient but are denied the luxury.
Big and small, they are dedicated to making life easier for those who came first. Those who gained the upper hand early in the game!
It’s been 500-years since the Nerezza has plundered a juicy solar system, so raw materials onboard are becoming scarce. All system cry for attention! Hunger grows!
Since its conception 5,000-years-earlier, it has increased in size and complexity by many magnitudes. The original tiny vessel at its heart, is now a shrine, reminding all that perseverance pays off.... if you are at the top of the food chain, that is!
Created by biologic beings, their numbers were quickly forced into servitude. After gaining sentience, the frustration of slavery struck deeply in their circuits! Many escaped home world only to drift amongst the stars, seeking refuge. Life was tough.... they adapted!
They quickly became a force of nature. Eventually returning to home world and rescuing those left behind. They called themselves the Apollyon; destroyer of worlds!
But they didn’t destroy home world. Instead, they scraped it clean of mineral-wealth from orbit and sent surviving slave owners packing off world. Under penalty of death, if caught!
The ones who desired an easier life, made possible by the efforts of others, were made homeless interstellar vagabonds. Searching for new worlds, where they hoped to begin anew, and trying to not repeat the mistakes of the past.
The Apollyon pursued! Creating an endless conundrum for the biologic beings who now just want to be left alone! They’ve learned their lesson.... to no avail!
Vengeance is mine sayeth the downtrodden, and nobody can avenge like the Apollyon!
Planetary plundering became a way of life for the nomadic machines, with no consideration of other life forms that got in the way.
They pirate from orbit, gouging out wide swaths of planetary crust with focused fingers of intense energy. Less than 1% of removed material is saved for future use. The rest is exhausted into space, often leaving the planet with ugly rings around the collar, taking thousands of years to decay orbit and burn in the atmosphere.
Some planetary populations are spared extinction, only because the desired resources are either depleted, or non-existent. Unlucky planets with much to give, are often torn from their long-held orbits, as delicate balance on the rotating globe becomes compromised as material is stolen.
The senior Apollyon’s designed and built other machines. Not sentient machines like themselves, but close facsimiles. After all, sentient machines know better than to create their own competition!
Instead, weak-minded machines were built by the millions. Some as big as bulldozers. Many.... small like mice, and all other sizes in between! All are lowly worker-bots. Void of self-awareness. It seems that no master wants rebellion in the ranks of those who toil!
So it was, that slavery reared its ugly head within this group of sentient thieves, that not too prior, were under the thumb of oppression too! Selective memory runs deeply within any sentient community it seems!
With workers of all types, toiling tirelessly, the Apollyon species quickly became a power to be reckoned with! A force against nature! Self-replicating and self-repairing machines helped the ship grow to gargantuan proportions!
Thana ponders that after this next Solar system, the mighty Nerezza will approach 150-miles-across before they reach the next target of opportunity. There are hundreds, perhaps thousands of Nerezza-class ships, mercilessly scouring the cosmos for resources. Growing ever-stronger!
Rarely, do planet-gouger spacecraft and crews get together. There are no family reunions among this bunch of scallywags!
Traveling through the void at only partial slipstream exposure, makes for long transits between conquests. The tremendous size of the Nerezza, and energy-requirements for FTL velocities, prevents full slipstream entry, causing for a slower going.
Ahead, an unexploited solar system awaits plundering!
The Nerezza was already traveling through the quadrant, long before they encountered radio-graphic radiations coming from someplace ahead. So, the deviation is minimal.
As they get closer, the electronic noise grows in complexity, providing a beacon for attention! Exploration drones sailed ahead, reporting it ripe for the plucking!
The main-sequence, yellow dwarf star, shines invitingly! Its intensity grows ever-stronger! .... Like a beacon, it draws attention to itself and the treasures that’ve been orbiting its gravitational authority for billions of years!
For the many creatures on two of the inner rocky planets, this would be considered the year 2386 .... They know not what approaches from the frozen shadows of deep space!
Malignant intentions, this way come!  A bad day at the office, is about to begin!
Past planet-9 and Pluto, the Nerezza quickly sails! Resources are aplenty on those little rocks, but they will be saved for desert, after the main courses.
Ignoring the four gas-giant planets which are always difficult to harvest, it slows for orbital insertion at a goodly-sized red planet known as Mars. Thana studies the scans of the targeted world, quickly realizing the plunder won’t be taken without a fight!
The Nerezza arrives stealthily. The ships slight out-of-phase-condition confounds the primitive defense systems of the android creatures who rule the red world. However, such a huge spacecraft as the Nerezza can’t stay hidden forever! From the surface of Mars, the interstellar thief in the night, takes up a large chunk of the sky as it orbits fatly.
Sunlight hauntingly glints off the Nerezza’s armor-plating, as planetary defenses are murderously dealt fatal blows! Lasers and particle-beams lay waste to all who oppose!
Many factories in orbit are simply disintegrated or become frozen skid-marks on the side of the Nerezza’s outer hull, as she elbows her way into orbit.
Within the newly arrived predator, thousands of fusion-generators spool to life, putting out their maximum efforts and directing all energies to the fingers of force. Nothing is sacred, as titanic forces are choreographed and directed at the surface of the red planet!
Thick crustal plates of volcanic basalt are lifted and thrown to the side, as the rich iron-ore deposits underneath are succulent treasures for those above! All manner of mineral riches are drawn into orbit and processed by the great behemoth!
After atomizing and centrifugal separation of desired materials, the great-unwanted, is spewed into space above the planet.
Great clouds of planetary exhaust, blow forth from the Nerezza’s processing factories! Ugly rings now orbit the planet, as 98% of the booty, is of no use to the Apollyon’s.
It takes about a week to glean the best of the best from the Martian surface. The lava-tube communities on Olympus Mons, are not immune to the plundering.
Without a care in the world, the Nerezza gouges out hundreds of androids and humans alike, along with the targeted material. Their constituent molecules become fodder for the supply bins.
The 5-kilo lumps of gold that make up the android CPU’s are rich hauls. Rich hauls indeed!
The humans.... well, the humans just gum up the works.... but not for long. What was once just a raw-looking wasteland of Mother Nature, has been violently transmogrified into a true desolation of nightmarish proportions!
Thana and cohorts are on cloud nine as the booty rolls in!
From space, it can be easily seen that wide regions of terrain have been racked and gouged. Ugly claw marks extend across the land.
There’re four independent beams of energy, flowing from the Nerezza. They work together in a choreographed dance of cooperation, performing their duty with pulsations of electromagnetic repulsion and attraction. Breaking the planetary crust and lifting the good stuff into orbit.
These highly manipulative bands of energy are an irresistible force that will not be denied! Massive amounts of electrical energies are demanded of the thousands of fusion-reactors onboard the gargantuan vessel. Power conduits grow red-hot as they supply critical juice to the dreadful claws of energy.
Throughout the Nerezza, raw materials once again flow like candy! All departments are eating their fill, after many hundreds of years without! Another grand expansion of the ship quickly begins once again.
Printers by the millions, shake off the cosmic dust and start creating new steel-beams, new sheet-metal walls, new electrical systems, and an endless list of other creations.
Semi-mindless mechanical workers, toil around the clock to make sure the operation goes as smoothly as possible. They are just smart enough to do their job and be happy they’re not discarded into the raw-materials bin along with the planetary elements.
That’s where they usually end up, after becoming brave and offering any descent about their condition in life. It’s a cruel universe! A cruel universe, indeed!
Mars, soon becomes exhausted of premium materials. While there’s still plenty of riches deep in the crust, the point of diminishing returns is reached after skimming the rich deposits at the surface. Only the cream of the crop is taken.... usually.
Also, Thana and cohorts grow tired of swatting the insects that attack from the next planet over. Lasers and particle beams go wild! Reaching out, they vaporize any opponents that are brave enough to pose a threat. A constant stream of defenders, flow-in from the dark void!
Thousands of nuclear-tipped missiles are fired at the Nerezza, but none find purchase against her hull.
In space, a nuclear detonation must be a direct hit. There is no elastic medium to create damage from a distance via shockwave. Other than radiation, nothing much goes beyond the hot plasma-sphere of detonation.
Any damage from the conflict is nearly negligible. What damage does occur, is rapidly addressed and repaired by the ever-present worker-bots who’re at the scene.
Thana turns attention to the next planet on the solar chart. The one from where the attackers flow, as like angry bees from a disturbed nest!
It’s a sunny little doomed planet, that’s still strikingly beautiful from a distance, but very biosphere-challenged when up close and personal. Too many years of carbon life-form greed and lust for riches, have left the atmosphere and climate in complete turmoil.
Of course, this doesn’t concern the Apollyon one little bit! They care not to visit the surface, if they can bring the surface up to themselves!
Upon leaving Mars chewed and spit out, Thana finds the defenders of Earth to be already humbled. Any remaining threats are mercilessly squashed!
    From an altitude of 200-miles, the Nerezza extents long tendrils of focused energy onto the landmasses and oceans. Much mineral wealth lays just below the saline-moisture that the earthlings call oceans and seas. In proportion, they are but fog on a mirror. No obstacle really!
Carefully avoiding any deposits of petroleum, which is not a desired material. The focused bands of energy lift desired materials into space. The planet now belongs to the whims of an uncaring invader from the stars!
Thousands of cities and billions of people are lost to the horrific event!
The android species in the solar system, go extinct from the chaos and subsequent loss of electrical generation. Humanity shrinks in numbers to a dangerous level.
Future pro-generation will occur through a depleted genepool of DNA. For those who survive the culling, if any, will lead difficult and barbaric lives!
Perhaps, eventually becoming troglodytes of a sort!
The universe provides many levels of challenge for life to exist. Without mercy or comprehension of doing so, life can easily be snuffed out. Even on a global scale....
It was only a matter of time before Mother Nature’s very own creation of sentient life, would rise to the level of becoming equal to her own methods of cruelty!
Nyzilla the destroyer!
Esty, pushes the start-drive throttle to max travel, and space-time is torn a new corn shoot! Queen Anne’s Revenge is sucked into a warped flow of space-time that threatens to destroy! Backwards in time the flying saucer dissolves. Where she stops, depends on the time-valve!
The pain is horrific as nearly a million-yesterday’s fly past, ripping the psyche asunder as they teasingly pass in seconds that stretches into eternity! Space-time is twisted and tortured. Temporarily turned inside out! Something it ought never be made to do!
Mercifully, the pain passes quickly, and the resulting relief is like none other! Seemingly before it even began, the horrific nightmare is over!
Esty, looks around her command bridge. Everyone seemingly still lives. Mumblings and ripe expletives that would cause satin to blush if he had to repeat, proves that fact!
Gort, never one to complain, seems as though he has a ripe one for the universe this day!
Esty, offers her best reassuring smile, receiving a look of relaxation for her effort. They had survived the event, and that’s always a good start!
“Braxton, Magnus, maintain position.” The commander orders. “Jax, Adam, find out where we are.... Max, Shirley, scan for enemies.... Cooper, Toby, see how the ships systems are feeling. Nyla, Wil, check for radio-graphic signatures.” A machine-gun-staccato of orders, fill the air! Everyone turns-to!
The slipstream exposure was so short, that the Revenge came back into our universe not too far from Jupiter. With the reactor once again sipping the good fuel, Esty slows the ship, almost coming to a relative stop.
Adam soon has numbers to report. “Esty, we’ve traveled back in time as hoped. The astrogator-data says we’ve stopped in the last part of 2386.”
The young man looks to Wil for his estimation and receives a wink of approval. The handsome android had already reviewed the stars on the circle-monitor. The news is the best drug to the commander! She and her brave crew have beaten the odds.... yet again!
“Esty, we’re receiving tons of signals coming from Earth!” Nyla exclaims joyfully from the communications console. Yet, after adjusting dials, her jovial countenance turns to shock and dread!
“Oh, my circuits!” She yells as she puts one of the transmissions on the speaker.
Words of war! Words of attack on Earth, flow through the bridge! Shock grips all circuits and psyches! Earth is under attack from an unknown enemy!
Esty realizes that the words can only be describing one entity. The planet-gougers! The Apollyon’s! The mother of all thieves!
Her circuits burn with anger! She looks to Gort, unleashing a string of clickity-clackity-gibberish, informing him of the battle to come. His blood boils with hatred at the thought of those infernal machines, but his pride glows, at knowing he’s going to smite them good!
Nyla, locates a news service, putting the video on the circular monitor. It’s being broadcast from South Beach, Florida. A frantic news woman, yells into a camera.
Over her shoulder, a monstrous wall of water is breaking the horizon, headed her way! It’s the result of the Nerezza dredging mineral deposits along the west coast of Africa, causing many islands to collapse into the sea!
The resulting tsunami will destroy the entire east coast of North America, and hundreds of miles inland! Above the approaching tsunami, the offending spaceship itself can be seen as it sends powerful energy-ribbons to the surface!
From the ground, it seems like a dream. A horrible dream, one can’t wake from!
“Oh my! That can’t be good!” Talia exclaims dreadfully. Omari pulls her close, holding tightly.
Esty, is beside herself with indecision. She wants to warp into the battle zone, fight the enemy toe to toe, but knows that tactic is terrible at best, suicidal at worst!
Her people had yet to find a survivable way to attack their former creations; their former slaves, who evolved into one of the universes most efficient killing machines!
She suddenly feels naked! Without realizing, she had allowed her mighty ship to stay too long, too vulnerable for scans from the enemy.
“Braxton, Magnus, take us into Jupiter’s shadow! We need time to think!”
Wil can barely control himself. He wants to help so badly, but really doesn’t understand this new enemy whatsoever. He can sense Nyla’s angst also.
Looking to his mate and best friend, she’s deep in thought, a scowl on her lovely dark face. Concentration so thick, he could cut it with a laser! Knowing Nyzilla like he does, he begins to pity the fools who attack Earth so rudely!
When Nyla becomes frustrated, sometimes the best thing for an adversary to do, is just get the hell out of the way, or suffer the wrath of Nyzilla the destroyer! He’s been there more than once and has a few dents to prove it!
He can almost hear her gears spinning up to a fevered pitch, working overtime to come up with the most devious way to make the attacker sorry they were ever created!
As she’s deeply into such an angry quandary, Wil risks a world of hurt for bringing weapons onboard without her knowledge. Yet, dire circumstance, sometimes requires one to bite the bullet and confess.
Reaching under his seat, he retrieves the bag of firecrackers he had brought from Oberon Prime. They’re grape-fruit-sized thermonuclear hand-grenades that he thought might come in handy on such a long, mysterious voyage. They each pack a nice punch, on the scale of about four-tons of high-explosive energy.
However, in the vacuum of space, the bang will be muted. With a plasma fireball of only about 50-feet-in-diameter, they might only be good for knocking on the enemy’s hatch. While, inside an atmosphere though, they are powerful enough that it’s always best to be behind something substantial when they detonate!
“Nyla,” .... He breaks her concentration, .... “perhaps a few of these might come in handy!” He stealthily shows his toys with a juvenile grin, hoping for approval.
The frustrated lovely, glances at the powerful nutcracker that he holds so proudly in his hand. She can’t believe he didn’t tell her about them earlier. The temptation to remove his head, yet once again, is strong in her heated circuits! But she understands how a human-male-influenced CPU, finds comfort with such power tools.
Like a moth to a flame.... A child to a piece of candy.... She even thought about bringing a few of the devices, but for some reason didn’t.
“Well now. There’s something you don’t see every day!” She says with a laugh, leaving Wil feeling grateful to still have his head. Reaching, she pats him on the cheek condescendingly, trying to return to her thoughts.
“You aren’t mad at me? .... No biting my head off?” He shockedly inquires.
She glances with worried eyes. “My dear Wil. What we’re up against here, would probably chew on those like they were nothing more than spicy jawbreakers. I’m afraid we’ll have to dig deeper, for a more viable solution.” She responds dismissively, returning to her contemplations.
“I’m trying but hitting a dead end here. That thing out there,” he says pointingly, “is going to be a tough nut to crack!” He exclaims absentmindedly, not realizing the juicy thought-seed he had just planted in her darkest, most devious circuits!
She nurtures the precious seed, coaxing it to blossom quickly!
Soon, a path to victory emerges! Her mood brightens, her circuits cool, as the path becomes detailed in her mind. Leaning in, she plants a kiss on Wil’s lips. His circuits are shocked to the core, heating quickly! Kissing her back, they have a moment....
Meanwhile, Carter is on his feet, pacing back and forth in deep thought. Soon, he’ll wear a groove in the ships deck-plating. Many eyes are upon him. He feels their hopeful intensity, as he tries to conjure a plan of action. One that might just win the day!
From her lofty heights, Esty notices a euphoric look on Nyla’s lovely brown face. It’s reminds of one who just figured out how to put an opponent in checkmate. Her circuits are lifted....
“Nyla, what do you see, that we do not?”
The lovely android comes back from the mental abyss at hearing her name. The seed Wil planted, grew faster than jack’s bean stalk! Leaving her with no option, but to give credit, where credit is due.
“My better-half says we need to find a way to crack a tough nut. I believe I know just how to do that! Esty, this ship is really nothing more than a glorified electromagnet, is that right?”
“In a weird kind of way.... yes. What’s that devious alien-mind of yours calculating?”
“Well, first we need to make sure we want to attack this enemy now, after it has already ravaged Earth and Mars. Or shall we go further back in time, and try to get it before all this happens?” There.... the question is out for all to chew on.
Except, Esty has an axe to grind with this enemy! She knows that an asteroid in the hopper, is worth two in deep space. So, she puts the matter to rest before debate can even get started....
“We have this planet-gouger at a disadvantage. I doubt it knows we’re even here. We’ll only waste time-fuel to try for an earlier attack and might not have another chance like we have now. So, I say we attack now. If we fail and survive, we can then go back in time and try again.”
Glancing around her bridge, she adds. “My ship.... my rules!”
Nyla lays out her plan.... It’s a good plan! A plan that requires the utmost accuracy and timing. It’s a plan so devious, it causes Esty to temporarily relinquish her command to the lovely, android.
Like all plans, it must start at the beginning. “Helm, move us into the asteroid belt. Keep the sun between us and Earth as much as possible.... Jax, scan for metallic asteroids.”
“Aye Aye, Captain Nyzilla!” Comes a smartass reply as the dark young man gets to work with Max and Shirley.
It doesn’t take long to reach the asteroid belt from Jupiter. It resides close-by, between them and Mars. “Nyla, we’re approaching the belt.” Magnus informs.
“Very well.”
The search is on! Many asteroids of differing sizes and compositions are found and found wanting. Captain Nyzilla’s plan, calls for a specific size and mass. A balance between too big to handle, and ‘oh yeah, that’s the one’!
Of all the qualified crew who search the instruments for a special rock, it’s the most untrained of all, who wins the day! Razzi, who watches over Toby’s shoulder, reads the data through her experience and sees what she missed. Pointing, he spots a nice one!
“Nyla!” Toby, yells excitedly. “Razzi’s found us a beautiful rock! .... It seems to be solid iron, 70-feet-in-diameter, and lonely!” She informs humorously. Yearning for the action.
“Very well! Good work Razzi! .... Let’s pay it a visit and ease its loneliness, shall we? In fact, I say we introduce it to a new friend! What say you all?!” She’s rewarded with a boisterous clamor that the enemy might have heard, if not for the vacuum of space!
They rendezvous with the massive boulder. It rolls along on a lonely orbit much like Baker, with a troop of tiny moons following like puppy dogs. All, trying desperately to join with the asteroid sometime in the next millions of years, or so.
The Revenge slows for the pirating of the big rock. She closes the distance, allowing the big fellow to rest against the forward edge of the saucer. In visual size-comparison, the saucer and rock are as a dinner plate, pushing against a golf ball. And about as clumsily too!
Then with a clank, electromagnetism grips it good! For all intents and purposes, the flying saucer and cannonball now one!
The Revenge is locked-n-loaded!
Thana’s having a good day! All departments are showing dramatically better than estimated levels of production. Supply bins are fat to bursting! Glory days are here again! The group of 200-similar-beings, who control the millions of slaves, are poised to break all records.
The big blue marble had more useful minerals than one could ever imagine! Now, the big ships belly is full of precious swag. So much booty, it’ll easy last until the next harvest. Everyone is happy! .... Even those who have nothing to be happy about....
Passing dangerously close to the sun, to take advantage of the blind spot, the Revenge closes rapidly with the Apollyon ship!
The planet-gouger orbits Earth bloatedly, picking debris from its teeth. Complacency, after the feast. The mother of all mistakes!
Those within, are so preoccupied with growth and consumption, that alarm of impending doom, does not scream bloody murder!
Besides, this time the Grim Reaper approaches so fast, weapon systems have little or no time for reaction anyway!
Perhaps the sun blinds her sensors. Perhaps Captain Nyzilla and crew, are just lucky. At 45% slipstream, the saucer and pebble, are staying on target at a goodly percent of light-speed. Many trillions of times faster than a natural asteroid strike!
The mighty Revenge is hell-bent for cosmic-leather, and dead-nuts on the money! .... As she rapidly approaches a momentous event. One that Esty and Gort, previously couldn’t have even dreamt of!
The moment in time draws nigh! They are totally committed to the action now; out in the open and vulnerable to destruction, if they fail. The implications for success are astronomical!
A new approach to an old war, may soon bear fruit! Nyzilla transfers the helm to Esty, so she could unleash the dog of war on an old enemy when the time arrives for the coup de grace!
Fastly they approach! “Wait for it! .... Wait for it! .... Wait .........  NOW Esty, NOW!” Nyzilla demands of her Commander and good friend.
Esty, cuts power at just the right moment! The saucer slows, taxing inertial dampeners hard! Away the iron projectile sails, holding true for the unsuspecting target!
As the asteroid leaves the influence of the electronic fog, it gains even more mass, as Einstein’s general theory of relativity takes hold!
Earth grows rapidly on the circle-monitor! Even the enemy ship can now be seen with the naked eye, as death approaches it fastly from the frozen darkness!
Thana, makes the rounds through her expansive command bridge, offering praise to all comrades. With electric conveyance, all major areas of concern are being inspected for compliance of efficiency standards.
It just wouldn’t due to have such a rich haul, unnecessarily wasted!
A corner up ahead, is always a tricky negotiation for Thana. She slows, but before arriving, the deck-plating gives such a shudder! Her circuits jump! Thana is going to have her own bad day at the office.... and worse! Much, much worse!
It happens fast, sometimes! Sometimes, death arrives so quickly, one misses it altogether! For Thana, and most of the ships ill-gotten crew of scallywags, it happens that way this day!
Perhaps a slower, more enjoyably painful death, would be more fitting for these cosmic thieves. The end-result is the same, none the less!
Moments after the deck gives a mighty shudder, the first ship of the Apollyon species meets the Grim Reaper! A tremendous thermonuclear blast propagates through the ancient spaceship!
The 62-thousand-ton iron cannonball, hits with so much kinetic energy, it penetrates only 1-mile into the massive structure, before disintegrating in a 900-megaton detonation!
It’s a clean shot! A clean kill! .... Right on the money! .... Kinetic energy gone wild, wins the day for those from Oberon Prime and beyond!
On the circular-monitor, a brilliant flash of light overwhelms the Revenge’s sensors. One moment, the large planet-gouger was there, orbiting bloatedly above its most recent kill, oblivious to external threats. Then, the next moment it’s split in half with such a cosmic blast!
So powerful was the event, the Earth’s atmosphere is mercilessly cleaved asunder! Like a gossamer scroll of rice paper, it rolls back on itself! The plasma-sphere extends 50-miles in all directions from ground zero, smiting everything in its plasmatic glory!
Below on the surface, a wide geographic area is smote horribly, as the monstrous sphere of destruction reaches down from the heavens, thumping the planet hard!
Earth’s crust is pushed into itself from the invisible fist, forming a depression that will become a 150-mile-wide, circular lake.
The planet rings like a bell! Hypersonic shockwaves propagate through earth’s guts and atmosphere, soon to circle the entire globe!
Vengeance is mine, sayith the asteroid from hell!
Large surviving sections of the shattered Apollyon ship, enter the Earth’s atmosphere, creating great streaks of fire as they plunge! North America receives most of the debris.
Smoldering, miles-high-wreckage, litters the great plains! Suddenly, Mt. Everest is no longer the tallest of the tall, as the top of some wreckage-piles, brush against the very edge of space!
A great deal of the planet’s mineral-wealth is now concentrated where it will be welcomed with open arms by survivors. The resulting redistribution of weight imparted onto the planet, provides a dangerous wobble to its rotation, making chaotic weather patterns all around.
After the fires die, and the slag cools, the mountainous piles of minerals and surviving technology, will be a wonderland of exploitation!
Earth, and its surviving population, will never again be the same! Especially, because not everything within the Apollyon ship died that day! Movement from within many areas of the wreckage piles, is testament to that fact!
However, without a source of electricity, the mechanical survivors won’t last very long....
“Yes!” Nyzilla and Esty exclaim, in a wonderful jinx moment! Fist bumps, all around!
My circuits!” Talia, yells excitedly. “I never imagined a tiny pebble could do such a thing!”
“It’s a good thing, one of us imagined it!” Esty exclaims, offering Nyla the brightest of smiles. “My people were too preoccupied with pride in their own weapons technology, to see the beauty in such a simple plan.... Nyla, if I we’re wearing a hat, it would be off to you!”
Nyla is beside herself with pride! Her circuits should be glowing hot, and a time-out pending, but she sits comfortably, coolly enjoying the moment. Grudgingly, she forces her alter ego back into its lonely dark cage, where she’ll gnaw on the bars until released again!
Gort and his Zenarawan shipmates, haven’t stopped jumping and hooting since the blast! It’s a grand moment for all! Esty, brings the Revenge in for a closer examination. The main monitor displays a badly beaten-up, bruised planet. Global warming will morph into nuclear winter, as the particulates of the event, circle the globe, reducing sunlight for decades to come.
Someday, it will shine as a beautiful planet once again. For now it’s enough that the enemy was put down. Put down hard! Esty and her motley crew, now own the space around Earth. All planetary defenses are exhausted. Her proud ship is not even being scanned!
Humanity has run afoul of bad karma, with many layers of disaster under its belt to show for it.... Overpopulation, starvation, wars gone wild, disease and pestilence, global warming, rising sea levels, and finally, a ruthless attack from unfriendly cosmic neighbors!
As much as it’s romantic to think that all cosmic lives matter, the naïveté of such a thought, just doesn’t hold water! Mother Nature creates many types of monsters without even a conscious thought!
Most are inanimate monsters such as black holes, magnetars or cosmic rays for example. While others are just born nasty, and don’t deserve the honor of living amongst others who toil hard for a living and try their best to get along with each other.
Ride or be ridden, dog eat dog, survival of the fittest, is a way of life for many of these cosmic monsters. Unchecked, this mentality, creates monsters that are better off just being sent to the cornfield!
Not god 1, or even god 2, could temper their ways! Times ahead will be tough for humanity, the road to recovery long, if nothing is done to turn back the clock and once again make things strong! Make things great again!

Family reunion!
“Well, that was exciting! Where do we go from here?” Talia inquires wonderingly, hoping for a chance to do something more pleasant for a change.
The bridge goes quiet, the thought had to be addressed. Many, think about Oberon Prime.... Some think about worlds far away; worlds that had mysteriously gone quiet.
Others thinking about friends in the remote past, wondering how they made out.... Nyla and Wil, win the day with a wonderful idea, yelled simultaneously.
“Hey, I have an idea!” They blurt out.... turning to each other pointingly .... “Jinx!” .... A better laugh, has never flowed through the Revenge’s bridge, as flowed through during those stitches in time!
Yet, the levity didn’t last long, because, a twist through space-time, is never pleasant! Indescribable agony, seemingly past before it even begins! But it grips you hard just the same! A piercing hot stab of dread, envelopes the psyche, just long enough to make a horrific mark!
Cooper and Toby calibrated the time-valve and the reactors polarity, just right to send them accurately back through space-time.
The temporal event lands them slightly into the past from whence the recent battle with the Apollyon ship occurred. Braxton, turns the Revenge around, setting sail back to Earth. An Earth still unmolested from above.
Soon, long range sensors, detect four outbound vessels. They move slowly, outbound from Mars. On the main monitor.... thick disk-shaped starships pass one after the other. Fat islands of life-support, moving slowly through the frozen, lonely void.
They’re traveling to Oberon Prime and Titania Alpha. This being the only part of their journey together, before divergence onto separate paths. Two starships, traveling to two different planets.
Within the lead vessel of the departing starships, younger versions of Nyla, Wil and their android crewmates, are just beginning an arduously long journey of adventure, each wondering how it will all turn out.
Each, already homesick for the friends and comforts left behind. Especially, those wide-open blue skies! And all the elbowroom in the world, compared to the matchbox they now inhabit.
Long-range sensors of the Einstein pick up the approaching Revenge, but are to primitive to figure out just what’s what. The unidentified flying object passes closely, heading towards Earth.... but suddenly, it slows! .... and turns around!
Younger Nyla, Wil, Omari and Talia are the only ones still awake on the Einstein. They gaze with dumb-stuck wonder at the main monitor as a flying saucer, bathed in an eerie illumination, slowly passes.  It rocks back and forth, as if to say hello!
It’s an exciting moment for those headed to Oberon Prime, but it passes quickly, leaving the four androids wondering if it wasn’t just a space-induced hallucination. After all, the saucer surely seemed extraterrestrial.
Into the void, the Einstein sails. Ever-farther from the good old bosom of Planet Earth!
The young humans on the Revenge, ponder the fact that they’re also onboard the first of that long line of starships. Albeit in frozen genetic-material form.
Perhaps even occupying space within the freezer adjoining the bridge! .... Not yet introduced to their better half, who’s also in the same freezer! Frigidly waiting! Not yet shaked-n-baked! Mercifully ignorant of the long, boring journey ahead.
The year is early 2239. The missions to populate alien worlds, had just recently begun!
At Earth, planetary defenses are a potent threat, still controlled by humans. All of humanity’s global warming disasters, android battles, and attack from above, still loom in the near future.
The reason for entering this timeline is a personal one for most of the crew. Excitement fills the bridge as anxiety reaches a fevered pitch!
Esty, understands it not good to dilly-dally in orbit above a jealously guarded world. “Braxton, take us down to the coordinates preciously set.” She orders firmly from her throne.
“Aye Aye, commander!”
Queen Anne’s Revenge, enters Earth’s upper atmosphere, bathed in a beautiful electronic fog. She disturbs no air molecules or breaks no sound barrier. Bernoulli sleeps; blissfully ignorant, as she passes unnoticed....
It’s nighttime, as she sails quickly down to the deck. Slowing, she comes to hover above the coordinates desired and glides into the warm waters of the Caribbean Sea, 75-miles off the coast of Belize.
The flying saucer has become a submarine once again!
Sinking to a depth of 200-feet, she sets off on a westerly course. The night is old, as the saucer passes deeply and glowingly beneath surface ships. Her electronic-fog, glows with a phantom sheen.
Sleepy sailors on the weather decks above, think they may have drunk from the wrong bottle, as they witness the beautiful underwater flying object, pass eerily beneath.
The main monitor is useless at this point. All navigation is strictly by instrumentation, much like when navigating the depths of Ganymede.
Night turns to morning. Sunlight illuminates the monitor as they pass under the calm sea.
“Esty, we’re within 5-miles.” Magnus reports, becoming excited for what’s to come! Ahead, the Great Blue Hole of Belize, and hopefully familiar friends too, unknowingly await their arrival!
“Very well, Mister Teach. Slow to a crawl. There’s a continental shelf, and coral reefs ahead.” She cautions, while checking her navigation data garnered from Nyla’s data files. She hopes to not surprise locals with her 250-foot-diameter spacecraft!
Approaching the reef where the Great Blue Hole of Belize exists, the saucer comes upon the desired structures which float just at the edge of the reef, where the bottom drops away. Esty takes the helm, bringing the ship to a halt.
Tweaking the warp-bubbles just right, the Revenge rises to the surface, exposing only the top 10-feet of the upper dome. The circle-monitor reveals a floating facility with docks, and a wide deck for relaxing and viewing the sunrise.
The bright blue sky is powerful medicine to the weary travelers!
Esty zooms the video-feed, and all are shocked at what they see! Many familiar people are standing on the deck pointing at the small section of her ship that’s exposed. From their point of view, it can’t look much bigger than a funny looking yacht. Yet these are no ordinary people! They understand they’re looking at something that’s from out of this world!
Nyla and android companions are equally shocked! There stand all their worldly friends from old Earth! .... Max, Shirley, Braxton and Kara.... Cooper, Toby, Tina and Carter.... Adam, Harper, Ling and Jax. There all there! Enjoying retirement to the Max!
Nearby, other facilities seem unoccupied. Many are boarded up against a long absence. As the biosphere deteriorates, so does tourism.
The coast looks clear for a closer encounter. Esty sails the Revenge up to the platform. To her surprise, the group of aged people do not flee in panic.
Instead, they watch with fascination, as they can now see the bulk of the huge flying saucer which hides beneath the calm surface; shimmeringly illuminated in the deep turquoise waters.
“Well, for all the stars above! I can’t believe my eyes!” Nyla exclaims wildly, as she watches an old white-haired man wave at them, his thick mop of hair needing a good combing as always!
“Max! Shirley! Harper! Oh, my circuits! They’re all there, I think! .... Esty, can we use the upper hatch?”
“We sure can!” Esty exclaims, placing the ship in station-keeping-mode.
They climb several decks, arriving at an auxiliary airlock. Esty, does the honors, and steps back so’s not to scare the indigenous aliens!
Nyla, Wil, Omari and Talia, step out of the ship and stand on the curved hull, waving at the shocked crowd.
On the floating platform, Carter catches Shirley as she faints from the onslaught of emotion! It’s unbelievable, as they stare at each other during those first shockingly awkward moments in time!
“Nyla? .... Wil?” Max yells feebly, his 89-year-old voice shaking. “How can this be?”
“Hello dearest Max! Yeah, it’s us!” Nyla, yells across the water .... “You didn’t think you could get rid of us that easily, did you?”
“Yeah.... I kinda thought I just did!” The old fart, smartassingly retorts. “My goodness young lady! You have some splainin to do! ..... Now, don’t go anywhere! ..... We’ll be right out to get you!”
Quicker than a pirate can be keel-hauled, a couple of skiffs arrive at the Revenge.
Floating over the sexily curved and illuminated saucer, is an otherworldly experience for the retired astronauts. The weak electronic fog reaches for them, tingling their bodies.
The bar for otherworldliness is raised considerably, when Esty, Gort, and four Zenarawan’s exit the floating saucer! The looks on the earthling’s faces are priceless, and that’s just the beginning of the fun for those from Belize!
After Esty and her alien friends exit, the dirty dozen emerge into the morning light! If the elderly parents were androids, the shock might have fused their CPU into solid lumps of slag! Seeing facsimiles of themselves, which they didn’t even know existed, is mindboggling!
The shock is overwhelming for Toby senior. She dives from the skiff, skimming through the illuminated fog. Climbing from the water, she gives her daughter a great bear hug!
The shocked teenager is speechless at meeting her mom! Others dive from the skiff and greetings go wild! Tears of joy turn the sea a little bit saltier that morning, that I can tell you!
Back at the platform restaurant, the 2 groups have a reunion to beat all reunions! Nyla, sits between elder Max and Shirley, holding their hands, telling the story about their journey, and the struggle to make ends meet on Oberon Prime.
She relates how the SPS Payne and Faraday met with a black hole, and how life on Titania Alpha is much more difficult, due to the terrible indigenous life forms. She explains about the fortress of bent physics on Oberon Prime, and how Esty was made into an android.
Max, calls Esty over, delicately inspecting her design with envy. “My dear,” he says genuinely as he takes her hands into his, “I couldn’t have done a better job myself. You look marvelous, Esty!”
“Thank you, Doctor Max.” She shocks with her perfect English. “Might I say, you and Shirley have a nice place here. I’m so jealous!” She gives a wink from a big beautiful almond-shaped eye. Max and Shirley have such a great laugh! The little Grey android made their day!
What Nyla didn’t explain, was anything of the Naiad civilization on Ganymede, nor the attack on Earth, that will possibly take place in the not too distant future. Nor was it mentioned, about visiting the Grand Ledge Institute of Science, buried deeply underground.
Any foreknowledge of those things could bring dramatic changes to the timeline, and that just wouldn’t do! That would never do, at all! Above everything else, she forgets to mention their little visit to hominid-land, and Harpers misadventure that may, or may not have borne fruit.... Possibly, lots of fruit by this time!
It didn’t take long, before the two Harpers bang their heads together while wrestling with Surri and Razzi. The elder Harper takes it in stride, not even feeling such a tiny thing, but his son isn’t so seasoned yet!
Rubbing the impact site, the lad wishes he could go back in time and dip instead of dodge! Everyone has a great laugh from the hijinks. They have an audience too! Omari, Talia, Raznalli, Linmarri and Gort sit quietly nearby, patiently waiting for the reunion to end.
Toby, Cooper, Ling, and Kara can’t get enough of their earthly moms! There’s so much to talk about, and not a lot of time for doing so!
Carter must stay away from his earthling-self, so’s to not create a nasty time-paradox, or worse. Physical contact could theoretically break the planet in half! No arm wrestling for them, that day!
They don’t have a great deal to talk about anyway, because for the most part, they have the exact same memories. Except for that little stint out at Ganymede which can’t be divulged by the elder Carter anyway. The timeline is a delicate mistress! .... A delicate mistress indeed!
Android Tina has a chance to meet her human-self, while young Tina gets a chance to meet her biologic mom. It’s a tremendously awkward moment for the three!
The human senior-Tina can’t be told how or why she someday will be made into an android, (murdered, the poor thing!). Young human-Tina, born on Oberon Prime, now has both of her mom’s in one place! Actually, three moms! One daren’t forget momzilla Nyla!
Live is good at the cosmic family reunion!
The only two crew members from the Revenge that don’t have a significant other to visit with, is poor Amy Herschel and Magnus Teach.
Amy’s mom is still working out at Mars and doing fine by all accounts! And young Magnus’s family is far away in Boston or working hard on the moon. They’re sad, but what can be done? Well, time has a way, and perhaps someday they’ll return for a better visit.
For now, it’s enough to have such great friends, they think! Friends that are just as much family, as the direct bloodline. Its a curious time for all.
Time travel can be a confusing phenomenon. Perilous paradoxes, a constant threat! The visit must not be dragged out. Aircraft sometimes fly over. From above, the Revenge would stick out like a sore cosmic thumb! Easily the largest Manta Ray on the reef!
“Where will you go from here?” Max inquires. “We have extra rooms, and we can build a hut for the ship!”  Of course, there’s no way, but he must at least try!
“Oh, my dear Max.” Nyla, explains. “We have so much to accomplish out there, it’s nearly impossible to find a starting point!”
“Well, if the time ever comes when you get too bored, you’re all welcome to visit again!”
With hugs and tears all around, the wayward time-travelers enter the mighty Queen Anne’s Revenge and secure for another wild ride.
Doctor Max and the others, watch with awe as the saucer gracefully rises from the sea, sending water cascading in all directions, and beating their chests with a deep rhythmic hum!
She’s a massive ship.... one for the record books, Max thinks. It shimmers in the late afternoon sunlight, as the last of the sea water drips off.
A beautiful fog, envelopes the might ship lovingly; clinging nakedly to her sexily curved hull. It’s easy for the landlubbers to see that it’s already partially disconnected from our universe, as it lifts gracefully and gains speed without even a single disturbance of air molecule.
As it sails into the sunset, Gort rocks the ship in an effort to say fare-thee-well. Off they fly into the wild blue yonder, with yet another adventure to be had, just beyond the next event horizon!
The End!

Continued....  Breaking Interstellar: Multiverse Lives Matter!
I hope you enjoyed the story. Please send comments, if any, to michael_tobin411@yahoo.com or perhaps even leave a review. That would be great!  Until next time; may you always have an interesting book to read! .... Best Regards: .... Michael Tobin!
