Builder’s Journal 2
Edenia Series
Copyrighted Beth Hoyer 2015
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Prologue:
This is the journalistic writings of Brandis, the Record Keeper, as called surviving the war of planet Mars as the planet should be called.

Begin Journalistic Writings:
Planet Mars was originally a dead barren world found by Humans from planet Earth that orbited the planet nearby in its galaxy. The Humans wound up creating technology for planet Mars to colonize it. They even created the machines to survive on the planet despite its dead status. I’ve gone through seeing the planet having wars over and over among the natives including creations of the machines with Humans as its batteries for control. I’ve seen Mars go through multiple names of Mars by Humans, Egyptia by Highlanders, Rakcara by the snake humanoids calling themselves Rakcar and now Mars as I call it. I’ve lived too long to survive multiple disasters of deadened status hitting the planet. As Mars went through having life of an Earth like planet with oceans then became dead over and over. I remained trapped into my cave dwelling with nothing to do except witness history of the planet Mars going through wars. I seek death but not by my own hand. I don’t aim to do this by myself. I aim to only let the Lun Ra the Rakcar’s pet snake of death poison me once I convince it to do its job onto me. I have managed to witness various things involving this planet including this birth of a Humanoid named Tom Thunder a hybrid Human Rakcaran by the remaining Highlanders still having a war with a battery named Jinks Montreal. Not sure why they referred the battery as Jon despite he refused to use the name of Jinks. Anyway I might as well write down into this journal what else I remember of this world Mars at its presence time. Tom Thunder himself, via memories for records of my journalistic writings, flew the fighter into the planet appearing to be desolate of life from space of a warship. His senses cued to the planet’s defense as he flew over the buildings towering in the sky made him turn the fighter in another direction. He heard Eli, a Human brain implanted into an android machine, beeping its noises from being attached to the fighter which his eyes focused on a monitor screen reading words translating the droid’s talk. 
Tom spoke “Just a little detour don’t worry.” 
He flew the fighter allowing his senses to guide him traveling over the buildings till his eye focused on four towers standing separate in a group which he sensed something familiar about them but couldn’t identify them. Tom at first didn’t realize the towers looked burned and destroyed by eater fires from the looks of it. He flew the fighter in an arc around them eyes searching till he found a landing pad, appearing to a patch of grass, which he set down his fighter with a thud. Tom opened the cockpit top and removed his helmet setting it down besides him. He got up from the fighter and used the ladder to climb down as Eli came down besides him. 
Tom spoke “Eli stay.”
He heard a beep noise from the droid as he adjusted his cloak putting on his hood covering his head and walked seeking an entrance. Tom found one and walked inside feeling his mental senses blare warnings and familiarity at the same time which made him tensed up. Tom recalled himself nervous but willed himself to calm as he walked feeling his sword weapon banging against him that made him feel less tensed. He walked through hallways silent of people with his eyes searching and looking. Tom paused from walking to shut his eyes using the mental senses to guide him which made him turn in a direction and he opened his eyes walking in that direction. He traveled till he reached a large room that made him think it was an electronic library with consoles in it sitting in silence. Tom went to a console and stared at it as his senses blared warning alerting him of presences in the room hidden. He willed himself to calm keeping his eyes on the console using his mental powers to seek the hidden people. His senses in the Berserker alerted him of someone was walking towards him in a fast motion. Tom heard footsteps loudly on his left looked to see a figure walking towards him that he saw was an old female with pointed ears of a Highlander, with grey hair wearing a dress with some look in her eyes that made him think she wasn’t friendly despite her lips in a frown line. He turned his form towards her as she reached him pausing from walking to stare at him with some look he sensed that she was calculating something. 
Tom spoke in Human language of Summeran “Hello?”
He eyed the Highlander who widens her eyes but the calculating look remained which his senses blared warning on both sides of him as he sensed round cylinder objects heading towards him. Tom found the objects wound up to halt their progress and heard clattering sounds as the objects hit the floor. He kept his eyes on the Highlander as he sensed people darting towards him from hidden spots in the room kept himself calm as he removed his hood from covering his head with a hand. His senses blared warning as his ears heard running footsteps sounding all around him which he clasped his hands to himself and waited as figures came into his eyes sight appearing to be men wearing multiple clothing of different types and holding gun devices in their hands that were pointed at him.  
Tom wound up via memory of him in my mind speaking “Excuse me I wound up flying my fighter to this planet of unknown name. I was feeling drawn to this tower building without realizing it was something important to the past.”
He frowned as he got nothing in responses from the Highlander or the men he figured by their eyes were Highlanders having their ears covered. 
Tom figured to himself “They are keepers of the building whatever it is. That they are wary of people arriving into here due to being aware of Humans killing off Highlanders from the land by their unfriendliness towards me.” 
Tom frowned as the female Highlander remained staring at him as he somehow figured that the people are wary of him due to him having the Humanity in him and armed. Tom frowned as there was a terrible headache hitting him making him grimace in response. He found himself not sure why he was hit with the headache that distracted him from activating his shield from guns’ syringes which he allows himself to get knocked out unconscious. 

Tom wound up waking up to found himself naked while waking up restrained in some small arena. He frowned as he acted like his memories weren’t restored into his mind by his confused expression on his face. He appeared to not recall his name fully in his mind along with an alien side of his that brought out his mental abilities. He wound up tested by the people throwing life and death tests at him while freeing himself from the restraints to face the tests and uses his sword that was put on a shelf high above him. He used the alien side of himself to bring to him and uses the weapon to defend himself from other weapons’ fire aimed at him along with destroying droids that attack him. I figured out that the people are testing Tom on his mental ability by their expressions on their faces watching him through windows high above in the arena. I noticed the old Highlander still has some calculating look on her face in her eyes that makes me suspicious. I see during a test she’s gone elsewhere which I find the tests stop senses that their ended as Tom drops his sword away and looks around to see a door opening. 
It shows the old Highlander walking into the arena who asks him mentally getting his alien side in control “You’re to name your parentage.” 
He finds himself mentally speaking in response “I was adopted by the High Council and raised by them to have undivided loyalty towards them.”
He wound up while noticing that the old Highlander has widen eyes and mentions “I wasn’t raised by the High Council entirely but by someone else unknowing of who my Father was till I was full grown by some species that out casted me.”
He gets asked by the old Highlander “Who taught you the mental abilities you dub Berserker?”
 He speaks “The High Council via minion of a Builder named Barry taught me the mental abilities.” 
He wound up seeing her eyes widen a bit and recognizes that she’s aware of who he’s talking about. 
Tom was appearing to senses something is going on as the old Highlander added mentally “I introduces myself by the name of Keeper. I’m the leader of people keeping maintenance in this building the Guardian tower in Rakcara as this world is called. Humans have come and go using the building’s contents without bothering to ask for permission first. We have suffered casualties by Humans’ Overlords’ hands. Hence we wary towards people having the Humanity in them. The tests we threw towards you were to determine your mental abilities by having you demonstrate them. Including trying to kill off Humans who don’t survive the tests as our admittance to that, Tom is the name we’ll refer you.”
Tom via senses cued to him appeared to wound up senses there’s more to the old Highlander’s story she is telling him doesn’t comment on that keeps his mouth shut and folds his arms looking like he’s interested on his face. 
Keeper, as assumes I’ll call her pauses from talking to look up at the people above them and then again looks at him before adding “Its been a long time since a High Council’s servant serving the High Council via Human means, came to the Guardian tower that gives off noises in response to King Winter’s storms.  We have managed to recognized in you from the way you acted towards us was of a High Council servant’s servitude. It’s which is not what a Human Overlord of the planetary world dubbing Mars as its original name and not Rakcara, normally acts which is rude and demanding with orders for us to do things for them along with threatening us harm if we balk the orders.” 
Tom frowned but didn’t comment a response instead waited for the old Highlander to mentally speak more to him. He frowned finding she didn’t say anything further instead kept on staring at him. He sensed his head hurting in response via headache method to groan from the pain while rubbing his forehead. He grunted via clawed hand as the pain persisted followed by getting memories fully into his mind of who he really was.
Tom looked at the Highlander with annoyance and spoke firmly “You cloned me?”
That’s when I figured out what really happened to Tom himself. He ignored his voice sounded hissing into some hissing language while giving the Highlander a glare of annoyance with his eyes. He glared in response as the Highlander appeared to gulp but didn’t comment a word to his question. Tom kept the glare till another headache arrived within his mind. I saw of himself knocked unconscious via the Highlanders’ dart guns followed by stuffed into a tube with his clothes on his form including his sword weapon. He appeared too kept on remembering himself cloned as another tube filled up with liquid via his mind and showed a twin version of himself clad in a grey jumpsuit with skin that looked rough and scaly while displaying his Berserker side. Tom gave the Highlander a glare as he continued to remember fully that the original Tom wound up put back into his fighter with his beeping machine Eli scanning him and beeping hysterically while he, himself the cloned version was yanked out of the tube and placed into the familiar arena for tests. I felt annoyance take hold sensing via memories filling Tom’s mind that his cloned self was partially a Rakcar a Humanoid snake species and was a part of a male named Norok that left Rakcara after the Rakcaran species went extinct in the war with Mesan’s Curse. I recalled as if compelled that Norok himself left Rakcara via warship one of the remaining warships containing various Humans aboard for travel off the planet and to get away from the war with Mesan’s Curse who allowed the Drainers to take control of the planet. Tom found the Highlander was joined by multiple Highlanders all wearing grey robes with scaly skin like looks on them to his confusion, to his expression on his face. 
He frowned eyeing the Highlanders warily to find the female leader Keeper speaking mentally towards him again triggering his Berserker side in control “Your creation was to help us survive while living in this planetary world as drawn to remain onto it. We like the others are compelled to remain onto this planetary world of Mars as it’s called by Human names and can’t leave no matter how we try. Our compulsion keeps us planet bound living among the Humans taking control of the planetary world and keeping upkeep of the machines that control this planet.” 
The compulsion I should have realized was courtesy of the Meritanian plant Zerra doing it to natives. She manipulated natives to remain planet bound via compulsion to keep them working onto the machines’ upkeep. I’m surprised that Norok was able to leave the planet despite some natives weren’t able to and wound up victims of the Drainers or Skyans as they called themselves actually. 
Anyway more of this tale “We have a record we wish to show you to explain our creation and existence to living on Mars. It’s our only sacred record of our existence we call ‘Mother One’s Diary.’ It’s the diary of the female one who created our species to live on this planetary world from another world dubbed Terra aka Earth. Come with us while we show you this record.”
I recalled the Diary was of a female who birthed the four original snake species dubbed Drainers at first. Tom frowned but felt himself compelled to agree obeyed to follow the Highlanders he figured the ones with scaly skin were hybrids of the Rakcaran species like he was. He followed Keeper ignoring his naked status and willed aside his Berserker side as she led to the familiar room involving electronic library he saw from his memories of being there for the first time. 
Tom wound up speaking “You got clothes for me to wear? Going around naked isn’t what I had in mind.”
He found his words ignored by Keeper and the other Highlanders sensed pushing him further into the room to a console and forced to sit onto a bench. 
He felt annoyance take hold as Keeper was heard hissing loudly “Jon pull up the file dubbed ‘Mother’s Diary’ now.”
Tom frowned as the console blinked rapidity fast blinking lights followed by stopping to show writing in its screen he frowned finding himself able to read. He found himself reading the file’s contents while manipulating the pages via finger’s sliding gestures.
From what I remember of the Diary’s files within my mind:

Mother’s Diary
It’s the first time I started a journal in my twenty year existence. I figured I might as well write each day and add whatever memory that pops up. I saw a journal with a blue cover with white pages and blue lines, in the small town of Wolf’s Howl, New York general store and brought it for eight dollars. The sales lady tried to get me to buy it for twenty five dollars the regular price. Boy was she mean; she was rude to me when I showed her my Dad’s discount card. The lady was disgusted with me. I couldn’t believe it when people in that town are treating me like a freak! It’s no excuse to treat me that way because I’m deaf! That’s how the people of Wolf’s Howl, treat me because I’ve been treated this way ever since I could understand this behavior at age twelve. I’ve lived in the small town of Wolf’s Howl, New York all of my life. They don’t treat me as something that is an equal person but someone who’s like a circus freak. I hate it when that happens because I’m born deaf.
As for the journal is leather bound with a string wrapped around it. The journal has about six hundred pages according to the sticker on the back which I peeled off. I decided to start a journal because Mom was writing stuff in journals I figured if she can do this, so can I because I felt like it. 
I found out last month after Zoya left on March 10, 1998 that I have a cousin named Elizabeth Lisha Zeskaya. I thought it was a joke at first. I couldn’t believe it when I found out. This brought me to buy a journal in the store because of a powerful urge to write things down. I wonder why my parents kept this from me. How I found out is I read what Mom wrote in her journal, while Mom was out shopping at the local store in Wolf’s Howl last week. She left her journal on the kitchen table in the house. I wound up picking the journal up and dropped it on the floor by accident. The page fell to this entry marked March, 20, 1998 which I being nosy read and copied: 

“Poor Anastia, I wonder when she will know of her cousin Elizabeth who lives in Hamden, Connecticut. I wanted to tell her outright when Anastia was sixteen years old but my parents wouldn’t let me do that. They threatened to expose our family secret. I dare not write that down because someone would read this. A pity, that my sister Marina Zeskaya won’t support me in going against our parents’ wishes to tell Anastia about Lisha.” 

Anastia is me, her daughter, Anastia Yuliet Stonehawk, whose Mom is referring to. I could have copied more but Mom came home and I had to pretend to read a book about something else. Here’s some background on my family, Marina is my mom’s sister who lives in Connecticut with at first with Grandma and Grandpa Najinov in Wolfville. For awhile, I thought she was a single mother raising Mahalia Zoya whose hearing, my younger sister goes by the name of Zoya, who look a lot like me, but appears that Aunt Marina has a child named Elizabeth and is married to someone who’s last name is Zesky. As for the look like me thing, she has tan skin of a Native American like me but she has brown eyes while I have blue eyes.
Zoya is Mahalia Zoya Stonehawk, used to live here with us in New York but she according to Mom wanted to go to school in Connecticut instead and wanted to be near Grandma and Grandpa. So my parents against my wishes sent her on a plane ride to Connecticut. This happened in March. It was really early in the morning when they did this. They were supposed to wake me up at 3am to let me say good bye to her but Mom told me she wanted to let me sleep and make it less painful for our parting. So Dad drove Zoya to the airport in another major town an hour away. Then Zoya flew to Connecticut on a private plane my rich Grandparents paid for. Humph, they did that last month during some school vacation. I wonder why they did this. 
Mom told me as an excuse said to me over and over “Zoya couldn’t adjust to living here in Wolf’s Howl and wanted to live in Connecticut with my parents.”
She’s younger than me by a few years and it doesn’t make any sense at all. Considering days before she left Zoya confided in me in a written paper note dated March 4, 1998: 

“Anastia, I overheard our parents arguing about sending me to someplace like Connecticut. I heard them arguing that through the kitchen door. They made it seem like Grandma and Grandpa; Mom’s parents wanted me there in Connecticut with them instead of living here. I heard them mention something about some money being cut off if they didn’t send me at all by March 31st. It’s the 4th of March now. I don’t get it but my parents mentioned something else that doesn’t make sense. They mentioned something about needed me to be there for observation.” 

Later my parents’ in my presence told Zoya “Your sent to visiting Mom’s parents in Connecticut and should pack a bag for the duration of the school vacation.” 
I did notice an odd look pass on Zoya’s face like she wanted to say more but couldn’t. Then later she visited my room and her eyes glowed yellow which creep me out. 
She spoke via hand language we taught ourselves “I wanted to show some thing to you.” but Mom came upstairs and Zoya asked via voice me forced to lip read her “You mind if I could borrow some of your books?” 
She never brought up the subject of her eyes again in my presence. I did notice her talking to Mom about something which both clammed up in front of me when I entered the room. After Zoya left, all the stuff of Zoya’s that were in the room I shared with her were taken. 
Mom claims to me over and over “Zoya’s items were sent to Connecticut because Zoya loved living there and wanted to stay there.” 
I suspect it had something to do with her note to me. Whenever I tried to bring up the subject about Zoya, Mom would change the subject abruptly. 
As for Dad, he would talk this comment over and over “I’m missing having a daughter in my life. Her lack of presence would make me sad.” 
I asked Dad “Why did you and Mom send Zoya to Connecticut?” but he wouldn’t tell me because every time he was about to say something about Zoya was when he would look at his beeper like it went off. 
He always had this fearful look on his face when he saw his beeper. I feel like someone was eavesdropping on us because of him keeping looking at his beeper like it was going off every time I mentioned Zoya. 

Mom today when she saw me with this journal actually praised me about me writing in a journal. 
She told me “It’ll be good for you to brush up your writing skills”. 
Mom said this with me lip reading. She won’t take sign language at my insisting, due to my deafness. I also tried to bring up the fact about having some unknown relatives like Elizabeth, without mentioning her name, but Mom gave me an odd look and then later, I saw her outside burning some papers from her journal in front of a wooded totem pole deciphering the bald eagle. (My parents are believers of this new age religion called Lance Richard, unsure of the name, which the bald eagle symbolizes one of their Gods.) I suspect this was the pages in her journals that mentioned Lisha. I did look in her journal the other day and found the page mentioning Lisha torn out. I wonder what’s going on, and why my Grandparents won’t let Mom tell me about Lisha. It sure doesn’t make any sense at all and it also doesn’t make any sense about the grandparents taking Zoya to Connecticut. 

Here’s a copy of the letter I wrote to Lisha that I sent via mail last month that got returned unopened today:

“Dear Elizabeth, 

How are you? I found out about you some days ago. You don’t know me, but my name is Anastia Yuliet Stonehawk. I’m your older cousin who is deaf since birth. I am twenty years old, going on twenty one soon. I have black hair and tan skin, which I got from my father who is Native American. I say Native American because he was born and raised in a reservation in New York. My mother is your Aunt Svetlana Najinova Stonehawk, your mother’s sister who I inherit her blue eyes. I am quite tall for my age around five foot and eight inches which I inherited from my father. I have a sister named Mahalia Zoya Stonehawk who I believe you met. She lives with Grandma and Grandpa in Connecticut. I would like to learn more about you. Please send me a letter. 

Love your cousin,
Anastia”

That’s what the letter was about, which mysteriously got returned unopened. It was post marked from Hartford, Connecticut. I got the address from the internet a new thing to hit the town of Wolf’s Howl at the local library. I had to be assertive to get the librarian allow me to use one of the eight computers. The librarian tried to discourage me by lying that they were reserved but Dad saved me. He came to the library and saw me and told me about the internet. He proceeded to use one of the computers and introduced me to a search engine which you could type anything in the computer and the internet will pull the inquiry up for you. I typed Elizabeth Zeskaya and got some articles about my Grandparents and they mentioned an address in Hamden, Connecticut. It also brought up a website devoted to her by fans of the Soccer team that she was playing on. The article was about Elizabeth playing in a school championships game for a High school as a sixteen year old. It’s very interesting because it also mentioned that she’s deaf too. The article showed a picture of her, which appeared to be a black and white photo. Interesting but I wonder why the letter got returned unopened. I suspected that my Mom told them about me reading her journal. I lip read her talking on the phone, as I pretended to write in my journal. I saw her sitting sideways on the chair in the living room opposite me staring at the window.  I managed to write this down. 
Mom: “Mia, [her sister Marina’s nickname], you won’t believe this but Anastia saw my writing about Lisha and then she later asked me about unknown relatives.”
Pause. 
Mom: “Mia! Don’t scold me! It’s the first time Anastia was nosy enough to read my journal!” 
Pause. 
Mom: “No, don’t tell Mom [Grandma] about that. It’s not any of her business. Anastia’s watching me while writing in her journal.” 
Then she abruptly got up and turned her back to me and went to the window to look outside. After that she hung up and faced me.
She looked annoyed and glared at me then Mom left the room after signing the word “Nosy”. 
Then Mom came home with a folder which she kept her journal in and took it everywhere in a tote, but as for the other finished journals, which she kept it in a metal box with a lock and a key. 

I noticed that lately that my parents are fighting arguing about my Dad’s long hours at work and Mom’s sleeping pill intake. That’s what I could lip read from their arguing in front of me in the kitchen. I have a hard time lip reading people if they shout due to my deafness. It’s not making sense at all. I wonder why Dad has to do long hours at the Wolf’s Howl facility called Zeskaya. It sure doesn’t make any sense at all. I lip read them talking about Dad’s job before they shooed me out of the kitchen of the two story house. 
Mom: “It’s not ethical to hurt animals!”
Dad: “it’s the good of Mankind to do this because of the alien hysteria that happened in the forties.” 
Mom: “Who cares about the hysteria?! I say it’s not right to do experiments on animals!”
Dad: “So? This resulted in-“ 
At that moment Dad cut himself off when he noticed me that both parents proceed to take me out of the kitchen and slam the door. I sat on the steps to upstairs and tried to guess what Dad was about to say. I do remember one day also last month after Zoya left that Dad came home from work upset. He was about to tell us something when he received a summons on his beeper. The number on it made him look fearful that he couldn’t tell Mom and me why. I suspect that Mom knows what it is because she looked angry when she saw the fearful look on Dad’s face.

I found out, that my parents are getting a divorce, something which has been in process for months. I was surprised when they told me about the divorce in the kitchen. I was sleeping in my bedroom sick with a stomachache when Mom came to the room. She woke me up and told me lip reading to come downstairs. I groggily got up and followed Mom downstairs to the kitchen. There they proceeded to surprise me with news of them getting a divorce, something which was in the works for months. 
I wanted to know why but they both told me the same answer “We just don’t like each other anymore.” 
A pity to me too because I was nosy and I read some of Mom’s writing in her open journal while she was in the bathroom showering. The journal of hers was lying flat on the kitchen table. I was really upset about that Dad and Mom were getting a divorce. 
I read the first thing on the top of the journal and I read the words “Anastia is a piglet when it comes to food as an experimental.” 
The words “you’re a pig” started echoing over and over like a tape recorder that isn’t shut off. 
I tried to say shut up to the voice in my head insulting me but it wouldn’t stop. I was too upset to notice this so I went to bed. 

This morning the words were in my head and they wouldn’t shut up despite me pleading to myself. I felt like I had to chant to the Goddess and light candles to stop the voice from talking to me in my head. I really would like to know what’s wrong with me. I made a circle today, and asked my Goddess to stop the voice from repeating this insult in my head. The voice made me feel awful. I felt like I was being punished with something but what? I don’t know anymore. I just don’t know what to do about the voice bothering me. 
I asked the Goddess to stop the voice but somebody not sure who told me this saying “The Goddess help those who help themselves.” 
I tried to complain to Mom about having a voice in my head insulting me, but she wouldn’t hear of it.
She told me “You don’t have a voice in your head period!”
Later today Dad set me aside while we were outside walking in the woods near the house. 
Dad told me “Mom hears voices in her head. Mom has Auditory Hallucinations another words for saying voices in her head from a chemical imbalance not working right in her brain.” 
Boy was I surprised when he told me this. I finally told him about having a voice in my head too but Dad wouldn’t hear of this because he claims that I don’t have a voice in my head and I’m just copying Mom. After he told me of this I started to notice that some of the town’s people call her names when her back is turned. I’ve lip read people telling visitors of the town to stay away from me because I’m a freak. I don’t know where these freaky things come from. Humph I guess I’m different from the others who live in this town because of my blue eyes and Native American like looks. I think it’s my blue eyes that make me different from the town’s people because they have brown eyes. I just don’t understand this at all. 

I received two letters today from Grandma that one was really annoying. It seemed threatening that I can’t put it down here. The subject matter was Grandma threatened to cut me off my inheritance if I kept sending Lisha letters. 
She also sent me another letter that said “Because I said so!”
This resulted in the voice in my head to repeat the words “Because I said so” over and over as a result this took me several times to beg to my parents to get me a therapist. 
The voice in my head was bothering me and making me miserable. Mom wasn’t supportive of me wanting to see a therapist but Dad told me he understands whatever that means because he and Mom are getting a divorce, which will be finalized soon. I suspect that Grandma had something to do with this because I found two envelopes addressed to Mom and Dad separately. The envelopes were falling apart and letters fell out of them. It was in Grandma’s handwriting. I wasn’t able to copy the letters because Mom came home from work. The letters via memory of me writing down, state that Grandma doesn’t approve of their relationship and is asking them to divorce each other. In Mom’s letter, Grandma asked Mom to quit stalling in the divorce to Dad or not be able to receive communication from Zoya till she turns twenty one. Ugh, I can’t believe that Grandma is manipulating things again. I confronted Mom with the letters and asked her what was going on. She told me that she and Dad don’t love each other anymore, because of Dad’s job in the Zeskaya facility. When I asked Dad about the letters, his face turned into a sneer and he told me it was because of Mom’s mental illness and he can’t stand her insulting him. I forgot to add, that yesterday Dad moved out to a cabin in the Zeskaya Facility area. 

The house, I currently live in will be sold to some developer of the facility who wants expand with some zoo the developer claims. As for our stuff, Dad insisted that I sort through it and get rid of the junk I don’t want. This is because Mom is moving to a three room cabin with an outhouse and can barely support the junk I acquired over the years. Most of the junk I acquired over the years are books of countries from the local car insurance company. I managed to get rid of most of them. Dad earns extra money than her and I wonder why he couldn’t buy the house. I also wonder why I couldn’t live with Dad but Mom has forbidden me to live with him until I turn twenty one which will happen in May 5. 

As for the therapist thing, I went to the therapist in a town, a ride away by car. Both parents went for counseling too but I admitted to the therapist that I hear an insulting voice in my head after the therapist probed me with questions. I had to admit this because she was accusing me of hiding something. Well, the therapist gave me an odd look on her face like I was crazy and went to see my parents. I followed her out of the room and sat across my parents with her back to me.
I lip read Dad exclaim “Put her in an asylum?!” 
Mom looked at me as if she saw me for the first time, because she seemed distant and cold on the car ride home. 
Every time I tried to talk, Mom would cut me off by saying “Shh” over and over.
I wonder why, but I noticed a black car with tinted windows following the Sport Utility Vehicle [SUV] as Dad drove and then the car went to the road to the facility as Dad drove by the road to Mom’s cabin where she keeps a red jeep. 
As for the cabin it has an outdoor outhouse and was really rustic. It only had a kitchen that was small and two rooms that were used as bedrooms. The kitchen had a stove pipe and a refrigerator with some falling apart cabinets. It also had a large sink in one corner that was surrounded by a shower curtain. The sink was for washing. Plus the cabin had an outdoor bathroom, which was next to the cabin. 
The outhouse I refer had no flush and smelled a lot, which resulted in the voice insulting me “you stink, P.U.” over and over again along with the words “You’re a pig”. 
The outhouse was a small room with a wooded toilet. Ugh the cabin was way out of the roads. Mom had to take a dirt road through the forest to drive to there with the jeep. Also I had to walk two miles to reach the town through the dirt road and to the main road where there was the mail box where the mail man would drop off the mail literally. I discovered one day that the mail man a guy with a bald head and a beard would drop any mail addressed to me by throwing them out the truck into the forest. I was walking down the lane towards the road to the mail boxes when I saw him do that. I was disgusted. 
The voice said as he did that “Mail man is stupid.”
The mail was mostly junky like subscriptions to nature magazines. As for mail to Mom, the idiot would put them in the mailbox. I tried to bring the mail subject up with Mom but she wouldn’t listen to me because she told me that the mail man was a stupid person who’s senile for his age. 
I don’t agree with this senile bit because the voice in my head said “She’s lying.” 
The mails I mostly get are magazines of Wolves and Nature which I find ripped up and scattered around the mail box. I started ordering the magazines in Mom’s name but the subscription mysteriously gets cancelled according to the letters in the mail. 

I noticed a letter from Grandma from Connecticut addressed to Mom in the mailbox and I think I was mad at Grandma that I opened the letter and read it. In the letter Grandma was begging Mom to move to Connecticut. I didn’t copy it down but went to the Eagle totem and burned the letter next to the cabin. I didn’t want Mom to move and leave me alone in Wolf’s Howl with Dad. I wanted my parents to stay together. I guess Mom must have known about the letter’s contents because she told me that she was planning to move to Connecticut. 
I told her that I didn’t want her to move but she told me that she couldn’t stand living in Wolf’s Howl with Dad and be the town gossip hence the voice saying “She’s lying” over and over. 
No matter how I pleaded she refused to stay. 
Mom told me “You would have to learn to live in the cabin by yourself while I make arrangements to leave.” 
I like, some kids whose parents are divorced really wanted my parents back together. Mom also told me that the divorce will become finalized before she leaves. 

I woke up in the night with awful stomach pains that I couldn’t sleep. They were really painful that I had to get up and go to the bathroom. I left my room and got outside in my boots. I don’t care what the weather is because I’m always wearing my hiking boots, rain, snow, shine and warm or cold period. I put them on and walked in the dark with a flashlight is when I met this odd creature. At first I thought it was a dog cowering in front of my flashlight but at closer inspection I saw it was a Tiger with markings of a German Shepherd Dog one of my favorite dog breeds except it was bigger than a regular German Shepherd Dog. 
I heard the voice in my head telling me “Don’t worry I’ll be your friend.” 
Over and over till it became an urge to pet the creature on the head but I remembered my mission to do my business in the outhouse and went. It helped my stomachache then I saw the creature lying down on the ground as if hurt. I went towards it and she, I assume a she grabbed me with her paws that were clawless. The tiger/dog hybrid proceeded to lick my head and chew on my long hair that it hurt. Owe. After that, she followed me to the cabin. I had to push her to keep her from going in the cabin but she streaked in like she was a dog. 
Mom was asleep in her room with sleeping pills, dead to the world. I sometimes would watch her sleep and I saw something strange from Mom. I saw her form change from Human, getting smaller, as her face narrowed and fur came on her skin and I saw with shock that it was a wolf. I don’t understand this at all but abruptly the wolf changed into my Mom in her Human form and Mom groggily woke up. I asked her about this Wolf change but she was really sleepy proceeded to put me to bed. 

Then today I asked her again about her wolf change but Mom wouldn’t tell me, told me it was a dream I had. She tried to convince me that it was a dream instead of this being real. 
As for the hybrid, I named her Kylie after an Australian singer. I must admit that I’m a fan of Australia because Mom, some time ago, told me “Grandma and Grandpa wanted to move to Australia when they came over from Europe. They were traveling through the U.S.A. and as a result fell in love with Connecticut that they stayed for years.” 
I found Kylie gone from the house. Mom left a note on the kitchen table before she left for work at the local bookstore. 

“Anastia, 
Next time leave the door closed. 
Mom”

I felt like Kylie was a ghost or a dream but I examined the door and discovered that Kylie must have used her mouth to open the door and let herself out. I wandered outside to look around and found Kylie snoozing under the house through a hole. She refused to come out when I tried to lure her with food. I discovered that she was afraid of sunlight, because when the clouds covered the sun, she came out and ate the meat I left for her. I got a good glimpse of her and was surprised to see that Kylie was what I saw her last night. She also didn’t have any claws but she had a tail that wagged like a dog. Then when the sun came out of the clouds, she abruptly abandoned the meat and ran under the house through the hole and wouldn’t come out as long as the sun was out. I suspect that she was tortured because she had wounds on her back. I also saw them boil a bit when the sun shined on her. I guess she’s allergic to the sun. 

Mom told me she is leaving for Connecticut. This is due to her mind being made up to leave. She gave notice in her job and sold some of her things left from the house to buy the cabin for me. Mom told me it was a retreat for me to live in and not suffer from problems. 
I wondered what she was talking about from suffering any problems but the voice in my head told me stuff like “Genetic experimental creature named Anastia” over and over. 
What the heck does the voice mean anyway? It sure doesn’t make any sense at all. 
Later, tonight was a somber affair because my parents took me out to a local restaurant and had pizza. They wouldn’t talk to each other at all. Mom wouldn’t let me have some alcohol and she and Dad nearly argued in front of me about that. The waitress was rude too; she slammed down the pizza pan in front of me and dropped some napkins on me. She also nearly tipped my soda drink in my lap but I caught the drink before she could do this. I complained to my parents about that but they weren’t any help. My parents weren’t listening to me, because they were busy glaring at each other as they ate some pizza. Then they argued on who should pay the bill. I suggested that they split the bill, which they did. Then Mom grabbed my left arm and pulled me towards her jeep and drove me to the cabin with Dad following behind them in his Zeskaya issued SUV. Mom wasn’t happy about that. In the cabin, Dad followed us inside and then Mom hauled me to my room. I suspect that they were fighting again. I did notice that Dad had a piece of paper in his left hand. Every time I left my room to grab a book or something my parents would stop talking and look at me with worry on their faces. Then while in my room I felt something like a door slam and then Dad came in my room to say good bye and then he left as I followed him to the front door. Mom stood at her room watching me and looking quite mad. She swung her blonde hair out of her face and stared at me at the front door. I watched Dad’s SUV leave till I couldn’t see it anymore then went to my room. 

I got up to find that Mom left a note on the table that said: 

“Anastia, 
Gone to the airport to Connecticut, I’m sorry to leave unexpectedly but I couldn’t stay in this town anymore with your father. I’m sorry about this. 
Mom”

Mom came back at lunch and I was surprised to see her. She told me that Dad must have used his connections keep the plane away from her. I think she was mad at Dad and made a rash decision and then changed her mind later. Dad came to Mom’s cabin and they had an argument outside with me peering out the window, which I wrote it down in my journal. I lip read them saying: 
Dad: “Please don’t let Anastia drive any vehicles at all.” 
Mom: “Did you see how the people of this town treat her?”
Dad: [sighed] “Yes I’ve seen them but we can’t let Anastia go away from this town. My bosses won’t allow it.” 
Mom: “Who cares about your bosses? It’s the towns’ people who are treating her like she’s a freak!” 
Dad: “She is a Genetic Experiment that can’t be let go or there’ll be trouble!” 
Mom: “Some Genetic Experiment! Being treated like a freak is no excuse at all!”
Dad: “I can’t do anything; my hands are tied because of my bosses’ insistence!”
Mom: “Then tell your bosses that this behavior isn’t tolerable!” 
Dad: “I did! I told my bosses this but they insist that Anastia has to learn how to fend for her own!”
At this moment Dad’s SUV alarm flashed and he looked at the vehicle and then at me peering at the window. Mom seeing me watching turned her back and they resumed their argument with their backs to me. 
This argument might explain why the voice in my head has been calling me “Genetic Experimental creature named Anastia”

Mom didn’t leave till today, is when I last seen her drive away in the jeep. Mom claimed to me that she was going to the next town to rent a room to live because she couldn’t stand the town gossip. Then I went back to bed and was waked up with Kylie licking my face. I woke up to see the front door open and to see Kylie looking like she wanted to eat. I checked Mom’s room and discovered that Kylie had been snoozing in there while Mom was gone. I got up and got dressed which was jeans, and a sweatshirt then put on my hiking boots. After that I fed Kylie some fish from the refrigerator, which she chewed on while I closed the front door. 
Dad came with his SUV and I hid Kylie in my room. Dad came to tell me that my Mom took a plane chartered by my grandparents and flew to, the capital of Connecticut and took a bus trip to Wolfville, Connecticut like Zoya did. Dad seemed angry about this. I asked him why but he told me she gave the town the slip. He was about to say something more but he looked at his beeper and got angry then tried to sign to me about a missing dog using finger spelling. Yet Dad looked at his beeper and then ran out towards the car and fiddled with something under the hood. Then he abruptly left in the SUV. I wonder what’s going on but I hope to find out about this later. Also I must mention that my parents’ divorce was finalized. I wonder what the piece of paper that Dad had in his hand. I looked in Mom’s old room and couldn’t find any writing but the garbage can near the Eagle totem had ashes of papers in it. 

The voice in my head started getting bossy, telling me how to live my life like getting up at 6am in the morning like “Set alarm to 6am” along with “you’re an experiment, do this”. 
Then do some weird ritual of going four directions before I leave my room or the cabin. The voice proceeded to tell me to go four directions with any object of desire. The voice also told me to grab a branch and bury it in the yard with ribbons around it. I also got this command to eat some slugs I saw on the crawling on the cabin. Ugh, I refused and boy Kylie wouldn’t let me near the slugs. She kept snapping at me whenever I went near them. Yuck, I think the voice has gotten bossier lately. 

4/17/98 (decided after laziness to add the date of day I wrote in here.)
As for Kylie, she’s back where’s she’s belongs in the Zeskaya facility. I couldn’t keep hiding her without anyone noticing her. How that happened was I brought some meat while in town with the allowance of five hundred dollars a month that Dad sets aside for me a month to live on. I spent something like ten dollars worth of meat. The sales lady of the grocery store with a gray streak in her black hair and tan skin that had a cruel look on her face was wearing some fancy pink sweat suit on, was really nosy about that. 
The voice in my head said “Tell her about Kylie” over and over that it was an urge which made me wound up telling her about a German Shepherd Dog that I found that I was feeding. 
Then as I walked out I saw her talking on the phone. I couldn’t lip read her because of her hand on her mouth. I also walked home and saw a Zeskaya Facility animal control truck rumbling by me. I must mention it takes me like awhile to walk to the cabin and back because I was walking. As I got home I found the front door smashed open and the Zeskaya Facility animal control truck there. They were hauling out an unconscious Kylie by actually dragging her on the ground. This seemed cruel to me that I tried to protest but an officer a guy who resembled the pink sweat suit lady with a gray streak in his black hair and tan skin, pulled out his gun on me and smirked to the others hauling Kylie into the truck. 
I lip read, “This girl is trouble and is so stupid to think she can keep an animal in deplorable conditions.” 
Boy was I mad that I yelled at him “I’m not stupid!”
He had a look of surprise on his face as he stared at me and then he went into the truck with the others and they drove away. I can’t believe that this guy called me stupid. Rude of him and it was annoying. 

4/18/98
I walked to the town on the main road, I saw cars slow by me and people were looking at me with a different range of looks, mostly disgust and anger. One guy in his car drove by fast waving his fist out the window. I wonder what his problem was anyway. I guess me hiding Kylie had something to do with this. Plus how am I supposed to know that she was originally from the Zeskaya facility? Not to mention Dad still hasn’t invited me to his work yet. 
I keep asking him about that whenever I see him but he says “Soon”. 
I tried to send Mom a letter to Connecticut but it returned unopened with return to sender in someone’s handwriting that suspiciously looks like Dads. I meant whenever I go to the Post Office to mail it I find the letter in my mailbox with Dad’s handwriting on it later in the day. I also went to the library to find out about any more information about Lisha but I found the website that featured the address about Elizabeth taken down. I think Grandma and Grandpa again. 

4/19/98
I’m not sure but I suspect that my cabin is being used by squatters, because I’m missing food and items. I wound up walking to the police station and I tried to complain but they laughed in my face and escorted me out of the station. One cop a Native American looking guy put handcuffs on me and drove me home to the cabin just in time to see the pink sweat suit lady came out of my cabin with a garbage bag. Her car was a black SUV. The cop took the handcuffs off me and let the lady go despite my protests. She flashed him some I.D. card which got the cop upset that he didn’t arrest her. He left escorting her SUV out of the driveway with his car. I wound up looking in the cabin and found things that I know Kylie touched were missing. Such as the sheets in Mom’s old room that Kylie slept on and my clothes that I was wearing like my pajamas when I found Kylie. 
I don’t know what’s going on but the voice in my head has been saying “Traitor, pig, bitch” over and over. 
I think the pink sweat suit lady was working for the Zeskaya facility and they were looking for Kylie. I also believe they didn’t want to alarm the locals about Kylie at all. I’m not sure what’s going on but I’ll be sure to ask Dad about that tomorrow.

4/20/98
I took a four mile journey to the Zeskaya Facility walking just to ask Dad about Kylie and what was going on. I passed by the store where the pink sweat suit lady was working in. She appeared to be nosy, watching me walk to the facility road and enter it. I think she blabbed to the police about that because no sooner I’ve gone on the dead end road when two cops in a red SUV came from behind me and blocked my way. One of them I recognized as a guy who was called me stupid was there in the SUV. He pointed his gun at me and gestured for me to turn around with the gun. I refused and kept walking forward. Then the cop fired his gun in front of me and it was some stun gun because the bullet hit me in the stomach and bounced off as I crumbled to the ground. The cops practically dragged me to the vehicle and drove to the cabin where they left me lying on the front yard in pain. This took me most of the day to crawl to the cabin and close the door before crawling to bed to sleep. I also managed to write this down too. 

4/21/98
Dad came in waking me up from sleep early in the morning, while I was snoozing in Mom’s room and told me not to visit him at the facility. I asked him politely why I couldn’t live with him there. 
His face became sad and then he looked at his beeper and then signed something like “Genetic mistake happens” before running to his car and then driving away. 
I wonder what’s going on. I also hate it when Dad is being mysterious. 
I’m hearing “Genetic mistake Anastia.” 
I don’t know what that means anyway. I’m also annoyed that people in this town are treating me rudely. I ought to escape to another town but how? I can’t just walk to another town because the nearest town is like an hour away by vehicle. I also don’t have my drivers’ license at all. I think I have some experience in driving but people won’t let me drive their cars. Like one incident happened days before Mom left is when Mom let me drove the jeep up and down the driveway with her in the passenger seat, the cops came and gave Mom a five hundred dollar fine for having me drive the jeep without my license. Another incident was when my parents’ were living together, is when Mom let me drive her jeep to the store with her in the passenger seat. I also had a learners permit. As I drove down the street slowly following state limits is when the cops came. Mom made me pull over. She had a talk with the cops but they were laughing at her as they handed her a pink sheet of paper. I found out from Dad that it was some five hundred dollar fine for letting me drives the car down the street recklessly they claim. I don’t get it because who blabbed to the police but I suspect the mail man did it. I saw the same senile mailman watching me drive the Mom’s jeep up and down the driveway and I saw him talk on his radio, probably about me. I wasn’t able to lip read him because of his beard. Ugh, I think the natives of this town don’t want me to drive, unless it was Dad’s doing. 

4/22/98
I went outside to see the slugs on the cabin door despite the voice in my head screaming “No! Don’t do it or you’ll regret it!” 
Over and over but I was curious of why Kylie wouldn’t let me near them so I took some pictures of them with a camera and then looked at them closely. I was surprised to see that they weren’t slugs but electronic devices on the cabin looking and shaped like slugs. I had no idea what they were but I looked at the inside of the cabin closely and I could see some electronic slugs in the corners of the cabin. I had no idea why the slugs were electronic. It baffled me but I think the electronic slugs might explain some things like Dad trying to sign to me about something relative to their argument but his beeper would go off and the car would flash its alarm. 

4/23/98
I think this nosiness of mine made me homeless because I was walking home when I found the cabin on fire and there were fire trucks there. They weren’t doing anything but just standing around drinking something from foam cups and laughing. They stopped laughing when one of them saw me walk down the driveway towards the cabin. One of them tried to keep me away from the inferno but I stood there watching the flames eat the entire cabin. Lucky for me I just came from the local Laundromat where I was washing and drying my clothes. They fit into a small red suitcase. I also had my journal in a purse bag with me. 
The local newspaper Wolf’s Howl News took my photo and I found my picture of me staring at the flames intensively on the cover along with this headline "Freak’s cabin burned" from seeing people with the newspaper and flaunting it in my face which got the voice in my head saying “Freak, freak!” 
I wasn’t able to buy the newspaper because where they were sold in the general store was sold out so I went to the newspaper office just to get a copy. 
I went inside the newspaper office in a house and saw some people staring at me with glares as I heard “Traitor, Bitch, and Pig.”
I politely asked for a copy of the current issue. A lady who was dressed in jeans and a green turtleneck handed me a copy of the day’s newspaper with the headline and then I left to the local library to read the newspaper. In it the newspaper talked about the cabin I was living in was burned by the fire department as deplorable condition. The article claimed that the cabin was falling apart and the upcoming winter would make it inhabitable. I don’t believe this and I think it was due to my nosiness that they whoever they are had the cabin burned. I kept the newspaper with my stuff in my red suitcase. 
Dad came from the facility to the library. Someone blabbed to him that I was there because he walked in and walked towards the table where I was hidden behind some bookcases. Dad also told me to rent a room at Charlotte’s Boarding House. Then he escorted me out of the library to the SUV where he drove me down the street of the town. There were people out watching us like it was a parade. I lip read them calling me names such as “Freak” and I complained to Dad about the cabin being burned. Dad ignored me and drove pass the facility dead end road to down a dirt road to a big brown house on Wetmore Avenue. There was a sign next to the house called Charlotte’s Boarding House. I saw an old woman outside the sitting in a rocker reading a book. She stopped reading and went inside the house. Dad told me to get out of the car rudely, which I did and then he drove away. 
I heard the voice say “Hurt him, hurt your father.”
As I walked to the door of the house and found it locked and I knocked on the door and looked to see the old woman peering out of a window of the door. She shook her head “No” and refused to let me in despite my protest. She pointed to her cordless phone waved me away. I wound up sitting on the steps until it was about 3pm on my watch is when the old lady finally let me in. She told me my Dad called and told her to let her use the bathroom to wash the smoky stink off of me which I did. I changed my clothes to sweats with blue pants and blue sweat shirt. Then the old lady told me to leave, which I was about to refuse when I saw the pink sweat suit lady arrive by SUV. The old lady yelled at me that she was going to call the police and have them escort me off the property. I noticed a cordless phone in her left hand which I grabbed my stuff and left the house. The sweat suit lady came in as I left, was wearing a blue matching sweat suit. The cruel look was still on her tan face as she watched me leave dragging my red suitcase. I walked outside to see the front door slam by the sweat suit lady who walked out and proceeded to follow me down Wetmore Avenue to the town’s Main Street road where I walked to the library community center and sat to write in my journal. 
I saw her talking to the librarian an old army guy judging by his clothes and tattoos on his arms, who picked up the phone but hung it up when the sweat suit lady talked to him. I couldn’t lip read what was said because the lady had her back to me and she was blocking my view of the old army guy, but the lady left and I stayed in the library community Center until 6pm is when the library closes. The sweat suit lady came and rapped the table with her fist startling me. She then asked me to follow her. I followed her to the Charlotte’s Boarding House where her car was parked. The old lady again tried to keep us out but the sweat suit lady flashed her ID card which freaked out the old lady who got on the phone. I lip read her talking about Mrs. Groundwater flashing some Zeskaya Facility ID and needed it checked out. The sweat suit lady I assumed Mrs. Groundwater pulled out a key from her pocket and unlocked the front door the moment the old lady left the door. Mrs. Groundwater gestured for me to come in to the foyer to a living room. The old lady was there and she screamed on the phone something about us breaking in the house. Mrs. Groundwater pulled out a stun gun and shot the old lady with it who fell down writhing with form changing into a wolf to my shock that appeared unconscious. Then Mrs. Groundwater with her back to me spoke something on the cordless phone and hung up. She gestured for me to sit down on an armchair. I sat and waited as Mrs. Groundwater attended to the old lady by pulling down ropes from the curtains and tying the old lady up that kept on remaining as a wolf. The old lady was still a wolf form and appeared to be still asleep. Then the ambulance came and hauled the old lady out via wolf form as if dragging her onto the ground to the ambulance and drove away. Mrs. Groundwater gave me a sweet tasting drink that put me to sleep and I felt myself being carried away before everything went black. 

The next time I saw Mrs. Groundwater, she was reading my journal and marking notes in her notebook with a red pen while wearing a fancy red sweat suit. She also marked my journal with her red marker like she was an English teacher while sitting in a chair in the room which I noticed was all white and padded with just a sink and a toilet. It also had a barred high window in the room. I tried to talk asking her why she was doing the marking but my throat was dry and my head was feeling out of it. She proceeded to get up from her chair and grabbed a cup of water and then handed it to me like she knew what I wanted. I suspect that I was making cracked gasping noises with my mouth. I gulped down the water and my head cleared like the water was some medicine in it. I sat up and found myself in a white bed. I was wearing white pants and some wrap around top with a white tank top underneath. I also noticed the number one tattooed on my left arm. 
Looking at Mrs. Groundwater, I spoke “Hello Mrs. Groundwater.” 
Mrs. Groundwater looked up and then went back to looking at my journal making notes in her notebook then she handed the journal back to me and unchained me from the bed. She left the room through a sliding door that appeared to be made out of metal, which behind her was another sliding door. 
I looked through my journal discovered the date of April 24 and found she highlighted stuff about me mentioning Kylie and my voice in my head like I wrote in previous entries.
I heard “She is trapped” from the voice in my head quite faintly. 
This might explain the water’s taste because it was too bitter. I explored the room and found that at the ceiling were slugs, electronic from what I could guess. I also checked the metal door and it felt like it was too warm to the touch. I figured the door must have a security system on it. Then I wandered around the room looking at the padded windows. I wandered around and found a small metal door that was my size if I was on my knees crawling. I felt it and pushed it but the small door wouldn’t budge weird. Then white smoke came from the air vent on the ceiling and made me sleepy that I fell asleep. 

4/25/98
I don’t know how long I was out because I felt someone sitting on the bed then the someone licked my face which I recognized to be Kylie when I opened my eyes. 
I heard the voice say faintly “She likes you.” 
I sat up to watch Kylie sit on the bed when I notice a window above the door. I could sense someone standing there but the features were blanked out by the tinted window. I could sense Kylie was happy to see me. I checked the room and the lights were on dim, which I examined Kylie and could see those wounds on her back were apparently healing. This made me glad to know that but I was curious of why I was in the padded room. I got up and felt dizzy. Kylie immediately sat on my chest pushing me down from till I was lying down. Then I found my journal under the pillow and pulled it out. I read my previous entries and found four notes obviously in Mrs. Groundwater’s handwriting in the margins. 
 “Experimental is telepathic, hears voice in her mind” said one note along with the highlighting of my writing about the voice in my head.
Also mentioned “Animal she calls Kylie has imprinted on experimental” with highlighting about Kylie and I as another note said “Experimental is determined”, which mentioned my aborted attempted visit Dad at the Zeskaya Facility. 
The fourth note said “Experimental is curious” regarding my nosiness, reading Mom’s paper about Lisha and the electronic slugs too. 
Kylie grabbed my journal and went through the small metal door with it. I dizzily got up from the bed and crawled in the door to see it led to a room that was full of plants with dimmed sun lights. The room seemed to be in a warehouse judging by the ceiling, which had gangplanks with people dressing in white coats walking on them making notes with their clipboards. I could see all kinds of plants that seemed to be a jungle and I looked around to find Kylie sitting in at my side with my journal in her mouth. She was panting like a dog. I grabbed my journal from her and she pounced on me and I fell to the ground. She proceeded to cuddle me in a hug. Then she let me go and walked around me. I felt the ground and found it was made out of some fake grass material, which made me curious. I followed Kylie around the jungle area with lots of plants. 
She looked happy to see me and the voice said “Don’t worry she’ll be your friend.” 
I wound up exploring the jungle area which was bordered by stone walls with the warehouse feeling above. I saw a small pond which Kylie took a drink from. Kylie wouldn’t let me take a sip from the pond because she snapped at me and blocked my way from getting near the pond. I looked up above me and I could see the lights blinking but they stayed dim. The lab coat people about two of them were leaning over the gangplank rails waving their arms. They were too far away for me to lip read them when I looked at first. Then I looked again and I could see their faces clearly and with shock that they looked like Mrs. Groundwater, complete, with seem less angry cruel look on their faces. 
I lip read one shout “Don’t drink the water!”
Then I shouted to them, “Ok! I won’t drink the water!”
They had a look of surprise on their faces when I shouted at them but the look went away as they wrote notes in their clipboards. 
I lip read one of them say “She’s a lip reader for an experimental with her hearing cut off.”
The other said “She’s watching us. Cover your mouth.” 
I heard the voice in my head say “A mistake happened” over and over. 
I tried to concentrate to figure out what was causing me to hear the voice in my head but the chemical imbalance (the voice in my head) reared its ugly head by insulting me “Mistaken spawn of an experimental ha-ha”. 
This made me more depressed and I sat down besides a tree while looking at the people above me. I wanted to make sure that it was safe enough for me to sit at the tree. They made no moment as I sat but only wrote something on their clipboards. I sat and watch Kylie settle down at my feet and lay like a dog relaxing with her tail switching as a cat. The lights dimmed too dark for me to write in my journal and I fell asleep. During the snooze I felt the tree move shaking back and forth and I looked to see some zapping blue electricity come from the branches of the tree. Kylie, I found was sitting on my lap with her paws on my chest. I felt her head looking at the electric sparks. I also saw some other trees giving off electric sparks too. I suspect the tree I was leaning against wasn’t a tree but some kind of living tree like being. I aimed my eyes towards the people on the gangplanks and saw they didn’t look too concerned to me. I tried to get up but Kylie wouldn’t let me. She sat on me keeping me trapped between her and a moving tree which as a result I fell asleep. 

4/26/98
I was waked by the lights above flashing on and off. I woke up to see Kylie was gone off my lap to somewhere. I looked up and I could see a woman standing there waving her arms. She was like Mrs. Groundwater but younger. I suspect the people here at the facility are like Mrs. Groundwater herself via twining forms but not sure how. 
The younger version of Mrs. Groundwater pointed to her lips and spoke “Please go back to the white room and eat.” 
I wound up getting up and I couldn’t find the white room door because the jungle had moved during the night as I slept with Kylie. 
The young woman waved her arms again and I looked at her and she pointed to a direction on my right and said “That way.” 
I walked to the direction she pointed till I reached a wall and found a metal door open. I walked into a small gray room with small windows of water going up and down like an ocean. The door closed behind me and the room swiveled then a door opened and I saw the same padded room where Kylie was there eating some meat. I walked inside and on the bed was a package of foods with a red bottled drink. My diet of foods over the years of living in Wolf’s Howl varies from meat, fish and what the local restaurant offers to me like pizza which is some of the foods I can keep down. I have a problem with foods that when I eat it some of them come back up from my stomach like my body rejected the foods. I wonder why I’m writing this disgusting thing but I felt like it was important to mention. The foods I discovered were colorful squared food that crunched under my teeth and with some red drink that tasted sweet. I ate it and found that my stomach accepted the foods right away. I could tell because I no longer was feeling some stomach pains that make me throw up. 
I had a case of that the night I first saw Kylie outside the outhouse at Mom’s cabin. This happened four hours after eating some meat Mom prepared for me. I wonder what was wrong with the meat but Kylie ate it and didn’t suffer from any side affects the time she lived with me after Mom left. I took care of her by feeding her foods from the freezer until my food supply ran out then I had to walk to the town to get some more food. I also had to lock her in Mom’s room just to keep Kylie from following me into town. This was because the mail man left a newspaper about some creature killing a guy’s dog during the night when I found Kylie. I think the creature was Kylie that killed the dog because she was hungry. I also discovered that they drugged the food too because as it’s making me woozy and seeing things not as it is, like Kylie shape shifted to be a naked Human male, weird.

4/27/98
I felt during the night as I lay out of it chained to the bed, I felt Human hands remove my pants and proceeded to breed with me. I don’t know why but who ever did the breeding thing was dressed like Kylie just to fool me. I could feel fur as the person a male entered me and then left his seed in me. I was too out of it to enjoy this mating. I couldn’t see who it was because of something covering my eyes. This felt very weird that Kylie would do such a thing but it sure explains my seeing Kylie shape shift to a Human male form as I fell asleep and drugged out of it. Then I woke up to discover that I was under some lights of a room with people dressed in medical scrubs. I felt them were pulling something from me. I could sense movement in my abdomen and pain as they pulled the baby I think was a baby out of me. Then I watched as one of the figures took a bundle covered in a blanket and left the room. After that I was given a needle shot and feel unconscious. 
I woke up to feel Kylie licking my face and I spoke “You’re a male aren’t you?”
Kylie stopped licking me and pulled away and walked to the small doorway with tail down. 
Kylie make that Kyle looked at me and I heard by the voice in my head “I’m a man, a male.”
It dawned on me that Kyle could communicate with me by voice in my head. 
I asked out loud “Then why did the voice in my head convince me that you were a female?”
Kyle looked at me and I heard the voice say “Nosy female.” 
With that comment repeating in my head Kyle left the room through the small door. I wanted to get up but I felt pain in my abdomen and I was wearing some sort of blue hospital gown. I pulled it up and saw a scar line across my abdomen and my abdomen was no longer flat, but a little rounded like I just had a baby. The feeling of loss of a baby didn’t enter my mind at all. I lay there and found my journal under the pillow again. I checked it to see three notes in the margins from Mrs. Groundwater scrawled over my entries using my name Anastia:
1. “Anastia doesn’t know the correct gender of the animal hybrid, Kylie should be Kyle.” 
2. “Anastia seems to have some telescopic vision.” 
3. “Anastia is apparently a lip reader.” 
Apparently I didn’t bother to look under Kyle’s skirt to see if she was actually a male but it sure doesn’t make any sense of why I saw that male and why Kyle would mate with me. 

4/28/98
Dear Elizabeth, 

I decided to write the journal entries as letters, Elizabeth Zeskaya, my cousin, living in Connecticut, who I’ve written about before. I felt like I should write the journal entries as letters.
What’s new with me is I was pregnant again. Kyle mated with me again and this time I’m lying in the bed feeling sore from having twins. How I know that because I saw the same hospital room setting again. After Kyle mated with me out of it, I fell asleep and then woke up in the same round room with the people dressed in hospital scrubs were doing the same thing but this time they took out two bundles out of the room. I suspected that I had twins. I have no idea of the genders of the babies or the first baby I had yesterday. I also am baffled as to how short time I’ve been out pregnant and why I haven’t seen the babies at all. I also don’t get it on how I could be pregnant for a day and have babies fast. Weird, I think I’m going to have to think of names for the babies I just had. I felt really sore as I lie on the bed. Kyle of course won’t let me get up. I’m not happy that I won’t have a chance to see what the babies look like and a chance to see what genders they are or name them. Hmph, it’s annoying me. 

Love, 
Anastia

4/29/98
Dear Elizabeth, 

My day got good, I got to see the babies but behind a dark tinted window. Mrs. Groundwater woke me up and Kyle was elsewhere. She helped me get up to a wheelchair where she put a blindfold on me and chained me to the wheelchair. I was allowed to bring my journal along. I felt the wheel chair move and enter the elevator. It went down in a whooshing like air feeling. Then the elevator stopped and she wheeled me into someplace that had stuffy air and was rumbling a bit. I couldn’t see through the blindfold and even when I scrunched my eyes I felt an electric shock at the back of my neck. Due to my hands being chained I wasn’t able to feel the back of my neck. I felt the stuffy air and it was hot and the wheelchair kept jerking and jerking like it was some ride. I think Mrs. Groundwater stopped pushing me and let some machine do the job, because the jerking made me automatically think of a machine. 
I was hearing voices in my head say “Wah, I want a friend! Give me some food! I’m hungry!” 
Over and over, then the wheelchair stopped and I felt the blindfold jerked off. I blinked my eyes and I was in a room with Mrs. Groundwater standing next to me. The room was dark and it was lighted by a large window in front of me. I looked and I could see a room which had four large tubes with wires on the tops. There were people dressed in covered white medical scrubs waving devices over the larger than their size tubes. I looked and I could see some movement in the tubes. Looking closely I saw that in two of the tubes were my children. The other two were empty. In tube one was a youngling who appeared to be a male with black hair and reptile like skin. He opened his eyes which appeared to be reptile looking and looked as apparently sensing me. It was eerie because he looked straight at me.  
He raised his small left clawed hand as if saying “hello” and then closed his eyes. 
I heard a voice in my head say “Hello Momsy”. 
There was a tube attached to his belly button and I could see he was floating in some blue water substance. There was a sign on the tube that said in capital letters: “AIDEN.” 
I saw in tube two were two babies, a boy and a girl with the sign “PX5/TIA.” 
The name PX5 made me a little annoyed. 
I asked Mrs. Groundwater “Why is his name PX5?” 
Mrs. Groundwater looked at me with pity in her eyes and told me “Look closer at him and see why.”
So I looked closer and I could see that the boy had a tube in his mouth that was attached to Tia’s neck and I could see that he appeared to be drinking from the tube like it was blood through it. He also appeared to have some sort of antennas on his head and his hair was a different shape from Tia’s and he had something on his back like insect butterfly wings. 
This was weird but I was confused until the voices in my head said “Genetic mistake bloodsucker.” 
Then I asked again to Mrs. Groundwater “Why can’t you give him a regular name anyway?”
Mrs. Groundwater sighed and spoke “The One determined the names, not me.” 
I took a closer look at the twins and I could see the boy had his eyes opened and he was looking like he wanted to cry and was looking mad. I saw that Tia was looking calm and had her eyes closed while floating in the tube with her brother. I decided then and there to name the twin boy Dan because the name PX5 was ridiculous. Then at that moment Mrs. Groundwater put the blindfold over my eyes despite my protests and I felt a needle shot in my right arm and I felt unconscious. 

Love, 
Anastia

4/30/98
Dear Elizabeth,

I woke up to feel Kyle sitting on me staring at me. I was lying, in a near sitting up position with Kyle on my chest. I took a good look at him and I could see his eyes were a golden animal color but then they blinked and then Kyle’s features changed. His large face became smaller and his eyes became Humanoid blue and black hair came out of his head growing and his fur reverted back into his skin. I was staring at a Human male with muscles. 
I heard in my mind a voice say “Hello Anastia.” 
As I looked at him I could see his face and saw that he appeared to be a Native American with his brown skin and he seemed happy to see me. I was wondering what to say when he changed into his Tiger/Dog form as Mrs. Groundwater came into the room looking annoyed. She gestured to Kyle and with some hand language and I lip read her speaking some gibberish, scolded Kyle about something. Kyle looked at her and growled. I could sense him growling and he bared his teeth at Mrs. Groundwater who spoke again gibberish. Then Kyle slinked off of me and with a leg shaking at Mrs. Groundwater as he left through the small door. 
I spoke “It’s ok for Kyle to change his form in front of me.” 
I had no idea where those words came from but I felt compelled to speak. 
Mrs. Groundwater put her hands on her hips and spoke “He’s not permitted!” 
As she stormed to the elevator and I spoke “What did Kyle do?”
Mrs. Groundwater abruptly halted and turned to speak to me when she looked at her beeper. She sighed, then turned around and walked to the elevator. I saw a look of pity in her eyes as the elevator door closed. 

Love, 
Anastia

5/1/98
Dear Elizabeth,

I found Mrs. Groundwater had written a note in my journal on a page. She must have done it while I was asleep because I didn’t see her or Kyle. 
She wrote: “Anastia, Kyle’s name is originally Vladimir Drakulscu.” 
It was a short note but the name Vladimir Drakulscu bothered me. It reminded me reading a headline in a local paper and an article last year on Halloween about someone named Vladimir Drakulscu who was a serial killer in the U.S. in the area of New York. 
The headline said “Dead!” 
The article from memory mentioned how Vladimir would kill his victims by tying them up and then drained them of their blood by using a medical tube to drink. Then how he was captured was because Vladimir kidnapped a young toddler girl whose identity was unknown from another small town in New York far from Wolf’s Howl. He even raised her for two years while on his killing spree. Also the young girl wasn’t so young. The article said that the toddler girl was a young actor who looked like a toddler due to some medical condition. The girl was named Masha by Vladimir. She told the police that he made her drink blood by a tube attached to his arm. It was disgusting. Also she went through a growth spurt that raised her height from three feet to five feet tall. The article mentioned that Vladimir was a refugee from Romania, living illegally in the U.S. Also from what else I remembered was that Vladimir was shot in a shoot out by the police. 
I had a feeling that was a lie because I had a dream of a man like Kyle in his Human form entering a white room and there’s a girl about twelve years old holding a gun at him. 
Vladimir is smirking and saying something like “You won’t shoot me, I raised you.” 
Then the girl shoots him in the chest. He falls to the ground and then the police come barging in the room. Vladimir is flopping like a fish while one of the cops, I recognized to be one of the Wolf’s Howl cop who shot me in the stomach with a stun gun. This cop puts the gun execution style behind Vladimir’s head and shoots him. Then the dream ends, bizarre, more lately. 

Love, 
Anastia 

5/2/98
Dear Elizabeth, 

It’s the second day of a new month. I’m not sure of the date but I’ve been seeing something like a calendar in my room with the word May on it. The dates have not been crossed off. 
I also haven’t seen Kyle lately but I’ve been hearing “owe, that hurts” over and over. 
I wonder what’s with the saying anyway? 
I also have been having dreams of a young girl who reminds me of myself who is a few feet tall that had my hair and blue eyes being called Masha by Vladimir. In my dream I see Vladimir walking like he’s hunting in the forest like he’s seeking something. He’s wearing green leaf colored clothes with his hair up in a ponytail. Also he has some sneer on his face as he walks. The forest appears to have trees I’ve never seen before or recognize. I see a young girl sitting there looking upset while sitting on a blanket. The area is a meadow and there is no one else there. Her mother, I recognize to be my Mom judging by the resemblance to my Mom complete with blonde hair arrived and grabs the girl and runs but Vladimir arrives at the meadow and shoots a stun gun at Mom who falls dropping the little girl. Her form changes into a grey wolf and she growls attacking Vladimir who grabs the wolf and pushes her aside. The wolf stumbles and then falls to the ground and changes form to Mom in Human form that lies there still. The little girl runs screaming, but Vladimir’s eyes turn gold and he held out his left hand. Then he says some words I don’t understand despite lip reading his mouth. The little girl turns and then walks to Vladimir like in a trance. Vladimir picks her up and walks away carrying the girl.
Then I woke up to see Kyle sitting on me. I haven’t seen him in awhile but I noticed that he has a big bandage on his back. I wonder why but when I went to touch the bandage, he snapped at me with his teeth. 
I heard a voice say “Owe, that hurts,” and “don’t touch.” 
So I lay there with Kyle on me sitting on my lap. I fell asleep and then felt something like a needle prick in my right arm and I woke up to see Mrs. Groundwater looking at me with Kyle sitting on me. She left the room as I fell unconscious. 

I woke up again to feel pain in my abdomen with Kyle sitting at my foot with his seat on the floor. 
He cocked his head as to say “Are you ok?” 
Then I felt the familiar soreness in my abdomen and I was wearing the familiar blue smock again. Kyle wouldn’t let me sit up so I lay staring at him. He was wearing a thick blue collar with a small black box on it. 
I watched as he attempted to change his form and I saw electricity come from the box along with the familiar “owe that hurts.” 
I put my hands on his head and said “Kyle, Stop doing that, because it’ll hurt every time.” 
Kyle gave a shudder and snuggled close to me with his paws on my stomach. I held his head in my hands and sat up, which Kyle didn’t protest and I snuggled closer to Kyle. I went asleep and next thing I knew I found myself in the jungle again leaning against a tree. I saw Kyle sitting on my chest and my legs while staring at me. He had a pathetic “poor me” look in his eyes. I felt sorry for him but then the lights dimmed and I went to sleep again. 

Love, 
Anastia

5/3/98
Dear Elizabeth,

During the night I sensed Kyle becoming irritated. I couldn’t see in the dark but I could feel him seemed to be restless. I put my hands on his head and felt the collar. It was thick metal like collar with some box attached to it. I felt it with my hands and I could sense a metal lock on the end, the kind of lock that needs a key. I wasn’t happy about that but I guessed it was to prevent him from changing his form. I wondered how I got in the jungle with Kyle. I looked up at the ceiling to see some people walking around with the familiar clipboards. They were just jotting notes and stuff. I sat there watching them as Kyle paced. I wonder what his problem was but I discovered him changing his form despite the collar’s shocking electricity. Then in his naked Human form he yanked off the collar and stalked towards me with some weird look in his eyes. I watched him pick me up and sit at the tree holding me while rubbing his right hand on my face. 
I lip read him say “So beautiful.”  
Then I looked up to see a guy with a big sharpshooter gun aimed at us. Kyle in his Human form sneered and stuck his middle finger at the guy with the gun and then some dart appeared on his wrist. I saw him grab it and threw it aside. Then he fell asleep changing his form and I sat there in his arms staring at him, as I felt some pain on my left shoulder and I saw a dart in it with feathers. I wound up falling asleep.

Love, 
Anastia

5/4/98
Dear Elizabeth, 

I woke up to see Mrs. Groundwater with her back to me, wearing some blue sweat suit, cross off the days of May till she stopped onto May 4, 1998. She circled May 5, 1998. I was lying in the same white room again in a sitting up position. 
I spoke “Hello Mrs. Groundwater.”
She turned and looked at me and glared then I watched as she stomped off to the elevator. I wondered what happened while I was unconscious but I discovered I was still wearing the blue smock and my abdomen was feeling really sore like I had a baby again.
I heard the familiar “owe that hurts” along with “No, no, no!” 
I deduced that Kyle was being tortured again. I hope not but this might explain the voices. I also wonder about the other two babies I had and I hope to see them sometime. I got my hope because Mrs. Groundwater came and helped me up to a wheel chair and put a blindfold on my eyes. I also felt myself chained to the wheelchair. Then the same trip happened again but this time there was a freezing cold feeling with the wheelchair doing jerky moments. 
I heard voices speaking “Get me out of here now! Wah, I’m hungry! I want a friend!”
Then the blind fold was off and I was in a room with the window looking out at four tubes. 
I saw Aiden still the same but a little bigger raise his left clawed hand in greeting and heard the voice in my head say “Hello Momsy.” 
I looked at Tia and could see that her eyes were open looking at me through the window and the voice say “Hello Momsy.”
This was eerie and I saw Dan a.k.a. PX5 turn his head to look at me. 
He still had a tube in his mouth and the voice says “Mommy, I hurt.”
Then I looked at the other two tubes. 
One had the word “Torrin” and the other had the word “Ann-Nea.” 
In the Torrin’s tube I could see a male looking at me and the voice say “Hello Momsy”. 
Then in the Ann-Nea’s tube I saw that it was a female who was awake looking at Torrin at the side of her tube and then at the window where I was and again I heard the voice say “Hello Momsy.” 
Mrs. Groundwater put a needle in my arm and I fell asleep, waking up in bed with Kyle sitting on the bed looking at me. He was wearing some harness that looked like small slugs with electronic lights blinking from it. 
I sighed and spoke to Kyle using my voice “I saw the children, all four of them.” 
Kyle spoke a voice in my head saying “Aiden, Tia, Dan and Ann-Nea.” 
I asked Kyle “How did you know their names?”
Kyle again in my head spoke “The One granted my request to name them except Dan.” 
I wearily sat up and spoke “What kind of name is PX5 anyway?”
Kyle got up the bed and stared at me saying “He was not expected and a mistake.”
I asked Kyle “Then why do I hear the voices calling me a ‘Genetic Mistake’?”
Kyle sat and stared at me “Nature has created you unexpectedly.” 
Then he walked away into the passage to the jungle room before I could ask him what he meant. 

Love, 
Anastia

5/5/98
Dear Elizabeth,

Mrs. Groundwater shook me awake while I was asleep and I found myself wearing red pants and a red wrap around top. 
She pointed to the calendar May and told me “It’s the fifth.” 
I asked her “What’s so special about the fifth besides it being some Mexican holiday?”
She spoke “You’ll see.” 
Then she helped me to a wheelchair and didn’t put the blindfold on me but allowed me to bring my journal along. She wheeled me to the elevator and it went up then reached a white hallway and entered a room with that was dark except for a light shining through a window. She wheeled me to the window and I looked to see two young adults, a male with blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail with apparent blue eyes. He was dressed in a blue jumpsuit and the female that reminded me eerie of me. She had brown like black hair pulled in a ponytail, with some pale tan skin with apparently had brown eyes and was wearing an identical jumpsuit like the male. The female was teaching the male hand signs while sitting at a table covered with books and papers. Then I saw a door in the room open and a woman looking exactly like Mrs. Groundwater came in. I looked at Mrs. Groundwater besides me and could see that the woman looked like her twin. Then I saw the male tap the female on the shoulder and pointed at the Mrs. Groundwater twin. I realized that the female was deaf like me. 
I asked Mrs. Groundwater “Is that woman your twin?”
Mrs. Groundwater turned behind me and spoke with me lip reading “Is it ok if I tell her?” 
I twisted myself around the chair to see a man with grey in his white hair. He was dressed in black and had a name plate on his left breast reading “Broderick.” 
The man Broderick spoke with me lip reading “Mrs. Groundwater like her twins is a clone meaning copy of a living being.”
I asked “Why are you showing me this?” 
Broderick spoke “Because I ordered this.” 
I glared and spoke “You’re the one who called Dan, PX5.” 
Broderick spoke “Correct. Mrs. Groundwater, give her the Book of Hayu.” 
He pronounced the word “Hayu” as “Hey-You” from what I could tell lip reading him. 
Mrs. Groundwater went to the wall and pressed a button as a small door opened showing a book. It was a thick book which Mrs. Groundwater handed me an ancient old book crinkling of age. She plopped it on my lap and opened the pages till they settled to a picture obviously drawn in the book. I looked with shock because the picture of a head shot of a person looked exactly like me complete with the dark black hair, dark skin and my blue eyes. 
Mrs. Groundwater pointed to some unreadable writing opposite the page and I lip reading her speaking “She is the one whose name will be called Anastia Yuliet give rise to the race that drinks the blood of the other races called Drainer to them but Skyan among themselves.”
Then she flipped the pages and settled on a page with a picture of Kyle in his Human form and a picture of his animal form. 
She again spoke “He who calls himself Vladimir Drakulscu, bears the face of death to the Humans, will father the race that drinks the blood of the other races who calls them Drainer.” 
She again flipped the pages and settled on a picture of creature with golden eyes and green skin while dressed in black. 
She spoke “He who hides is the creator of the father of the Drainers.” 
Then she pointed at Broderick who took off his face by pulling his skin and I saw his face was green reptilian looking. Then he pulled two objects from his eyes which revealed a new set of eyes that reminded me of a snake all yellow with a big iris in it. 
Broderick spoke with Mrs. Groundwater mouthing the words “Vladimir, who you call Kyle, is my son.”
I stared with shock and frowned wondering what to say about this. 
Broderick continued “I show you this because it’s necessary.”
I spoke “Why? And what’s so special about those two?” 
I pointed to the male and female through the glass window who’s heads were hunched over books that appeared to be like the Book of Hayu.
Broderick walked towards me with a limp and stood next to me. 
I looked at Mrs. Groundwater as I faintly lip read Broderick speaking “Tell her the prophecy as foretold about them.” 
Mrs. Groundwater took the book and flipped some pages then she spoke to me “The male is called Jason and the female is called Kim. 
The book says about Jason is ‘He who name is Jason will father the ones who will lead the Humans in a battle for survival.’ 
The book also says about Kim is ‘She whose name is Kim will have a son, the one who will bring hope to all Humans.’”
“Human” I said, “I’m not human am I?” 
Broderick nodded and Mrs. Groundwater “You were created and birthed by your mother Svetlana Najinova on this day, for it’s your day of birth.”
“No.” I said in denial, “My birthday is on July fourth.”
Mrs. Groundwater shook her head and spoke “No, you were birthed on May fifth and placed in a tube like your four offspring and came out on July fourth.” 
I spoke “Oh, How come you don’t celebrate the May fifth birthday?”
Then I realized why and spoke “Its because of my sister Zoya is born on that day. Why did she flash golden eyes to me before she left to Connecticut?” 
I realized that I said too much about Zoya because Mrs. Groundwater abruptly frowned and gave Broderick a look a glare of accusation. 
I looked at Broderick who nodded and said “Tell her.” 
As he plopped on a mask on his green face and put contacts in his eyes that he became human again.
Mrs. Groundwater tapped me on the shoulder and I looked at her. 
I lip read her speaking “Zoya is considered a potential match for Jason and she was taken to Connecticut for observation.” 
Then she held out the Book of Hayu and showed a picture of Zoya drawn in the book with a word “Mahalia” in English and read the words to me: “She, who is called Mahalia, sister to creator of Drainers, will, from her, give rise to all Humans after the Great Death.” 
I spoke “Oh and what is the Great Death?” 
Mrs. Groundwater instead of answering my question plopped the book in my lap and injected me with something and I fell unconscious. 

Love, 
Anastia

5/6/98
Dear Elizabeth,

I was wakened by Kyle licking my face as I lay on the bed. I groggily sat up and saw the Book of Hayu sitting in my lap. I looked to see that May fifth was crossed off on the calendar and today is May sixth.
I heard Kyle say in my mind “You met my father, Broderick is his name.” 
I nodded and looked thru the Book of Hayu not understanding the writing but looking at the drawn pictures. 

Love, 
Anastia 


5/7/98
Dear Liz, 

I spent the rest of the day trying to read the book and I’m still clueless on this “Great Death” thing and I still can’t read the Book of Hayu language. I think the language is Japanese, Russian and Arabic together. I know this from those travel and language books I’ve been collecting for years. Too bad, I didn’t bother to study those language books very much, as for Kyle, is no help with the translation. 
He refuses to look at the book and I heard the voice in my head from him say “I will have no part of this book, period.” 
He also won’t hang around me if I have the book out because he seems angry about something and won’t tell me when I asked him.
I find that I have to hide the book under my pillow whenever Kyle is around because he told me “I will destroy the book if I see it in my presence.” 
He won’t explain why he’ll do what he’ll do despite me repeatedly asking him.

Love, 
Anastia

5/8/98
Dear Eliza,

As I woke up, I saw Mrs. Groundwater taking the Book of Hayu with her from the room. She left the room before I could talk. Humph again, because Kyle suddenly became friendlier with me by sitting on my lap and falling asleep like a purring Cat. He seemed happy that the Book of Hayu was gone from my presence.
I tried to ask him about the book of Hayu but Kyle snapped at me and I heard him say in my mind, “Do not ask me about that Book!”
So it’s still the month of May now and I’m wondering how long I will have to stay here. I’m just surprised that I’ve been here by my calculations about several weeks now. I still have yet to breathe fresh air or see the sun rise and set. I’m not worried about missing those things because I should really find the good in my situation. Well, the good in my situation is that I’m not in that town walking among the natives lip reading them call me names such as freak and treating me like I’m not an equal living being at all. I mean is I’m a living being who is a genetic experiment created whether by mistake or as Nature intended is a mystery.
I also wonder how long Aiden, Tia, Dan, Torrin and Ann-Nea must stay in those tubes anyway. I wonder if I’ll ever get the chance to hold them but I don’t know because it seems highly unlikely. I sometimes day dream about how I came to exist. I really can’t help wondering why my parents had me in the first place. Oh I should be missing Mom and Dad but I just don’t which weird me out because I don’t miss them at all. I think this is because I am not angry at Mom and Dad for not helping me with this situation in the town. Oh well, I guess I should be happy that I’m here in a place where I’m wanted and respected. I just hope I get to stay here for awhile with Kyle because I like being respected and in an environment that I don’t have to put up with people calling me names, ugh. 
I decided to use different names when I write my journal entries to my cousin Elizabeth such as “Liz, or Elizabeth.” 
I figured I might as well do that then just to vary my letter entries.

From,
Anastia
 
Dear Liz, 

I woke up as the sun was rising, wearing jeans, my usual hiking boots and a blue sweatshirt while lying on a patch of fake Daffodils in front of the police station being poked by Cop looking Native American who helped me to my feet. I asked him about the date, for he had a pity look on his face and told me the month was May and the year was still 1998. He refused to give me the day when I asked at him because he gave me a weird look. Then he put the cuffs on my wrists and hauled me staring at him into the police station. In the station was the cop with the white streak in his black hair, like Mrs. Groundwater who looked surprised to see me, I recognized to be the one who called me “Stupid” some time ago when he and others were hauling Kyle from my said deplorable cabin, was there. I also checked my mind and I think I’m cured of the voices because I wasn’t hearing anything in my head, interesting.
I lip read the Native American cop saying to white streak cop “I found her lying in front of the station unconscious.” 
The cop with a white streak had a look of disgust on his face spoke as I lip read him, “Put her in one of our cells, Walker.” 
I assume the Native American; his name is Walker took me down a hallway towards the cells, three in number, and all in a row. He undid the cuffs off of me and pushed me in a cell. I could see that there was a pity look in his eyes which he tried to cover up when I looked at him. I sat in the grey small cell with bars in front of me and bars in the windows behind me. I also looked at my hand to see a new journal different from my old one with a blue pen, when Walker hauled me in. This journal was a thick red spiral notebook with pockets marking the five sections in it.
The cover said “Anastia’s Diary” written in my Mom’s familiar handwriting.  
I also wondered what happened to my old blue leather journal and I wondered why I was back in Wolf’s Howl, for what? I also wonder what’s going on.
While in the jail, Walker came and waved his hand at me which got my attention. He had a written piece of paper in his hand that he handed to me. I copied the contents down: 
“You’ll be released once your father Okays it.”

That was what the entire note said then he left the cell. I sat there frowning and wondering what was going on. I also wondered why I was released after being confined in the Zeskaya facility. I think I liked living there too much that they kicked me out as a result. 

Dad came with Walker and it had been days since I’ve seen my father. 
I tried talking to him but he covered his lips with his mouth in the hand sign of saying “Shut up.” 
He looked more tired with circles under his eyes and his black hair that had streaks of grey in it last time I’ve seen him, had some white in it. He sure looked a lot older now. Dad gestured for me to come out of the cell which I nimbly followed him to outside the police station to the SUV where Dad had parked in the station parking lot. The drive was in silence as he drove towards the main street of the town. I could see that the town was the same but some people I recognized that called me names last time had looks of surprise on their faces, when they saw me in the car with Dad, who drove me down the road to out of the town to a familiar driveway of Charlotte’s Boarding House. Once again I saw a familiar figure of Mrs. Groundwater or her twin copy aka clone came dressed in a blue sweat suit leaving the boarding house as Dad drove up. She stood with a weird look on her face that reminded me of shock, watching us enter the boarding house.
Inside, Dad led me up the stairs to a blue door with the sign “Reserved for Anastia Stonehawk” which someone had crossed out the word “Anastia Stonehawk” for the word “Freak.” 
I sighed and stared at Dad and was about to speak when Dad did the “Shut Up” sign again. 
I saw that the square room was like a cave because it didn’t have any windows, was just one room that was furnished with a queen sized mattress on the floor on one wall, with a wooden dresser was next to it along with low bed stand with a doll lamp in green, I recognized to be my sister Zoya’s on the other side of the mattress. There also were a set of white closet doors in front of the mattress in the wall and I saw there was a sliding door with vertical blinds leading to a wrap around porch that I saw wrapping around the second floor of the house from outside. Looking around I also saw a small as a closet with a shower head stall, a bathroom behind a closed door jutting out of the room with a kitchen unit next to it in one corner next to the door to the room. I saw Dad sighed and signed for me to stay and that he’ll go get me some things. I sat on the bed and looked around the room. I could see in the corners of the ceiling were those familiar electronic slugs. I frowned and wondered why I was being let out of the facility. 
I also saw an envelope addressed to me, “Anastia Stonehawk” in Zoya’s handwriting lying on the bed. 
There was no address on the envelope. Inside was a letter that I copied down in my journal that said: 

“May 3, 1998
Dear Anastia, 

It’s your sister Zoya, I miss you a lot and I can’t wait for the day to come when I could see you. I’m currently going to high school in Connecticut. Life is different from living here than it is in Wolf’s Howl. I find that my life is busier with things to do that it was in a small town. I can’t wait for my seventeenth birthday to come in two days. I really would like to have you around as a birthday present but if you can’t come that’s ok because Gramma says I can write you a letter and she’ll see that you’ll get it. I also hope that you’ll be able to write back to me once you get the letter because I’m dying to hear what’s new with you. I also want to know how you’re coping with the town’s people. Are they still treating you rudely and calling you names? I say if this happened to me, I would yell at them to grow up because it’s childish behavior. I hope you can write back soon. 

Love your 
Sister,
Zoya”

I sighed and folded the letter in the journal which had a pocket in it. The journal was different from the blue leather journal I brought back in April, like I said. Then Dad came with a big black suitcase full of stuff for me to use in my small studio apartment. He helped me put the contents away, and then he gave me a hug with a small smile on his face and hauled the suitcase out and left. I went out the sliding door and looked outside on the porch to see a high fenced yard and saw the greenery. I also breathe in the air very deeply and leaned against the porch railing looking around. 
I felt a tap on my shoulder to see Mrs. Groundwater or twin copy, with that weird expression on her face, pointed to her lips and spoke to me lip reading “Don’t lean on the railing, it’s not very sturdy.”
I nodded to get the message, I asked her politely for the date for May. She gave me a weird expression on her face and told me it was the ninth of May. I managed to thank her and I went inside the studio apartment and decided to sit next to the sliding doors peering out of the blinds. I didn’t see much but greenery but Mrs. Groundwater go by a few times. I think she was checking up on me because I noticed that her eyes kept looking at the sliding door each time she went by.  I just hope I can take Zoya’s advice about telling people to grow up whenever they treat me rudely or call me names. I stayed leaning against the sliding door till it was time for bed, so more later. 

Love, 
Anastia

5/10/98
Dear Liz,

I walked out my room to find that someone had replaced the sign on my door with a new sign with my name on it. I decided to go down stairs, to the parlor room where I saw Mrs. Groundwater’s twin sitting in a chair, reading an apparent paperback Romance novel. She looked up to see me sit down in the chair next to her facing the doorway to the parlor room. 
I spoke “Hello, um, didn’t catch your name.” 
Mrs. Groundwater’s twin had a thoughtful look on her face then she looked at the ceiling and went back to reading her romance novel. I looked at the ceiling to see nothing but in the corners of the ceiling were those slugs again. I frowned and I wrote Zoya a letter which I put in here:

“Dear Zoya, 

Hi it’s your big sister, I’m doing fine. It’s good to hear from you. I haven’t heard from you in awhile. How is Mom doing? I haven’t heard from her and I want to know how the gang, Gramma, Grampa and Aunt Marina is doing. The weather here has been quite delightful, just kidding. I finally moved to a studio apartment in a boarding house on Wetmore Avenue. It’s my second day living in the apartment and I think it’s too soon to tell on whether I should enjoy living in the studio or not. I hope you keep writing your letters to me because I look forward to receiving them and hearing from you. Write back Zoya. 

Love your 
Big sister, 
Anastia” 

I had no idea on how to get that letter to Zoya because the envelope addressed to me didn’t have an address but just my name on it. I figured I might as well write my letters to Zoya on separate pages in here and hope that I could rip them out and send her the letters once I get an address. I sat in the parlor till I sensed a door slam. I saw Mrs. Groundwater’s twin sit up straighter and pull out a big hardcover book an apparent mystery book from behind her in her seat and hid the Romance novel in a pillow in the chair she was sitting on. I looked to see the cop Walker comes in the parlor. He saw me and scratched his head absent mildly. I sighed and got up from the parlor sensing that Walker and Mrs. Groundwater’s twin wanted to be alone. I passed by Walker who looked at me with a confused look on his face and I walked up the stairs to my room. I wound up sitting by the sliding door staring out at the greenery again till it was bed time. 

Anastia

5/11/98
Dear Elizabeth and Zoya, 

I don’t know when I’ll be able to sent Zoya or Elizabeth a letter for real so I wound up including Zoya’s name in the journal address entry. I wound up walking out of the boarding house to the Main Street, of the town. I saw that things were the same since I was gone. The familiar people’s behavior is the same, some name calling but I glared at the name callers who stared at me with shock on their faces when I looked at them with anger. I noticed that there are some people who look at me with pity in their eyes like Walker did too. Those people who looked at me were apparent out of town people because I’ve never seen them before. I saw Mrs. Groundwater’s twin working in the grocery store from seeing her watching me from the window. I noticed the cop with the streak in his hair following me around from a distance. I went to the park in the middle of the town and sat down on the bench to watch the scenery. I saw people looking at me out of the corner of my eyes as they walked by me. A bearded guy I recognized to be the mailman came by and waved his fist at me with an angry look on his face but I abruptly yawned at him. His face turned to shock and I saw him walk away looking at me over his shoulder. I saw him out of the corner of my eye go to the cop with the streak in his hair and seemed to be yelling at the cop by the way he was waving his arms with his back to me. 
The cop held up both hands and I lip read him saying “Sorry I can’t do that, she hasn’t done any thing yet.”
I saw the mailman stomp away with fists at the sides of him in apparent anger. 

I sat there on the bench watching people till my stomach growled and then I went to the grocery store to buy lunch. I forgot to add that Dad gave me a five hundred dollar a month stipend, on a credit card. At the grocery store I noticed some people looking at me with funny looks like I did something wrong. I ignored the looks and brought some food in a box that were colorful squares at the cash register. The sales lady told me someone bought it for me, but I didn’t believe her because of the way she was laughing at me. I must mention that I spent a day in jail once for walking out with some candy after a different sales lady, told me in the same laughing manner that someone bought it for me when I was twelve. I wound up getting quite a scolding from my parents and saying an apology to the sales lady who smirked. Apparently the lady tricked me in thinking someone bought it for me and got me to shop lift the candy. She wound up being fired from her job according to Dad when I was fourteen. I gave a glaring stare on my face at the sales lady who stopped laughing, when it was apparent that I wasn’t buying her explanation and I wound up buying the food with the credit card. I ate it in the park, and then made a show of throwing out the box in the garbage bin that was in the park with people watching me. I could see a hint of a smile on the cop with the streak in his hair when he saw me do that. His smile was the same Dad gave me when he hugged me. After that I walked to the boarding house and went to my room.

Respected, 
Anastia 

5/12/98
Dear Elizabeth and Zoya, 

How are you two doing in Connecticut so far? I hope you’re enjoying each other’s company by talking and being close like sisters even though you’re both cousins who are close to age. I miss you, Zoya because I miss having someone to talk to. The town’s people stopped calling me names and are ignoring me like they don’t want to talk to me. They hold conversations to each other like I’m a fly on the wall eavesdropping. I went to the town store that sells stuff for tourists and books too one morning. A long blonde haired guy with blue eyes, who seemed familiar, was apparently, new in town, tried to strike up a conversation with me while I was at the books, asking me for my phone number. He was dressed in cop issued blue pants, cop like shoes, with a blue sweater that appeared to have something like a bullet proof vest underneath. I told him I was deaf and that I didn’t have a phone. He saw me attractive which was good but I noticed people around us stopped what they were doing and were glaring at us. Then a woman, who I saw was the daughter of one of the town’s Native American tribal leaders, came and proceeded to drape herself over this guy. He kept pushing her off as he tried talking to me. She grabbed his ear and with other people’s help pulled him protesting away from me. 
I lip read some people speaking at the guy saying: “Stay away from her! She’s a freak! She is being shunned!”
I slammed the book shut and walked to the group who were at the entrance to the store, went silent seeing me walking towards them. 
I told the guy quite loudly for all to hear due to my deafness “The only two things freakish about me is my eyes and that I’m deaf, satisfied?”
I abruptly left the store rolling my eyes and muttering to myself “People won’t learn.”
Then walked to the park to sit down and watch the town’s people walking by talking to each other, I was too angry to bother lip reading their lips. I sat stewing for awhile until a felt a tap on the shoulder to see the cop with the streak in his hair. 
His name plate I saw read “Groundwater.” 
He gestured me to follow him, which I told him “If you want me to apologize to those people in that store for making a scene, at least put it in writing because I don’t buy this anymore.”
His smirking face turned to show shock as I got up and gestured with my hand to lead me. He led me to the police station where I saw people standing around outside glaring at me. They formed an aisle leading to the station. Inside I saw the blonde haired guy with his blue eyes standing there glaring at Walker who was also glaring at him too. They appeared to be in a mist of an argument. 
I groaned and stood watching Cop Groundwater talk to Walker saying: “Stop it! This is no place for fighting.” 
Walker spoke “He came in demanding to know what was so special about that.” 
Pointing at me he continued talking “Was called a freak and shunned.” 
Cop Groundwater turned to the blonde haired guy asking him “Why are you so interested in her?”
The blonde guy snapped “Because I’m nosy and I’m one of your new police officers, hands picked by your chief of police, tribal leader, White Feather is his name.”
I stared with shock as Walker put a hand on his face and rubbed his face apparently groaning.
Cop Groundwater spoke “You must be Alex Jordan; the one Chief White Feather told us was coming here.” 
Then it dawned on me where I’ve seen this guy Alex. He resembled the guy, Jason with the deaf female Kim, who Mrs. Groundwater, on Broderick’s orders showed me some time ago while I was being at the Zeskaya Facility.
I saw as Alex’s face turned towards me as if studying me. 
I lip read him speaking to Cop Groundwater “She looks normal enough despite having those usual blue eyes for a Native American and having a hearing loss.”
Cop Groundwater looked at me and said “She’s one of the experiments from the Zeskaya facility.”
That was a first I’ve heard someone refer me as an experiment and that I came from the Zeskaya Facility. I was surprised but angry that no one bothered to tell me that fact. 
I studied Alex whose eyes narrowed at Cop Groundwater and spoke apparently sarcastically “So? She looks normal enough to pass as a Human.” 
Cop Groundwater walked away with his hands up as if to say “I give up.” 
I saw Walker staring at me with pity in his eyes as Alex walked up to me and held up a hand and with other hand pointed to his lips saying “Sergeant Alex Jordan. You must be the famous Anastia Stonehawk and it’s nice to meet you.” 
As I put my hand in his hand he lifted it up and kissed it, which I saw out of the corner of my eyes was Walker staring with a shocked expression on his face while Cop Groundwater narrowed his brown eyes to slits. I could have sworn I saw his eyes glowed gold like Zoya’s. 
I lip read Alex speaking after he lowered my hand “Walker, Groundwater, what are you looking at? Ever seen a male experimental before?” 
Boy was I shocked that someone would be my friend after all the people in this town don’t treat me equal. 
I saw him turned to look at Walker and Cop Groundwater speaking which I lip read “Chief White Feather felt like it was time an experimental helped keep the peace among Human and experiments.”
Releasing my hand he stood facing the two cops and spoke again with both hands open wide “So here I am.” 
Walker stared and turned to Cop Groundwater, and spoke “It’s your call, Jon.” 
Cop Groundwater whose name is Jon stared at Alex with a glare and said “Fine, I’ll take this up with White Feather should you do anything against the rules here.” 
Alex replied “Doesn’t bother me if you take this matter up with White Feather.” 
Walker frowned and spoke “Um, there’s a matter of her breaking the peace in the bookstore. Got several witnesses that-“
Alex interrupted by waving his hand and he said “What breaking the peace? All I saw was her telling off some bullies.” 
Out the corner of my eyes I saw Jon and Walker look at each other with a glare as Alex continued speaking “The only break of peace was a woman coming onto me too much and pulling my ear along with other people who insisted on yelling at me. Some nonsense about Anastia being not what she is.” 
He looked at them with a stare which reminded me of myself challenging bullies when I was younger. 
Alex turned and looked at me then he ordered “Anastia, I’ll escort you home.” 
He pointed a finger at Jon and Walker as if challenging them to contradict his order. Out of the corner of my eyes I saw Jon stomp towards a desk in the room and pick up the phone as Alex took my arm and led me out of the police station. Outside there was a crowd who went silent. I saw Alex on the steps yell something to the crowd. I have to admit I have a hard time understanding people when they yell. I checked the reactions to the crowd who stood staring at Alex yell something. 
Then the crowd waved one of their hands in a throwing ball motion and I lip read people saying “Bah.”
I looked behind me to see Walker came out and he yelled something. 
The crowd went silent and stopped waving their arms and saying “Bah.”
At that moment Alex took my arm and led me through the angry crowd. They separated and he walked me all the way through the Main Street towards Charlotte’s Boarding House on Wetmore Avenue. I looked behind me to see the crowd disappear as Alex led me to the house. Mrs. Groundwater came out with a look of surprise on her face when she saw Alex. 
I lip read her speaking to Alex “What are you doing here, Alex?”
I saw Alex say “Ask Chief White Feather. He ordered me here to keep the peace.” 
Mrs. Groundwater stared with a frown and spoke words to my confusion “She’s implanted if you know what I mean.” 
I frowned as Alex nodded to Mrs. Groundwater then he led me inside, up the stairs and towards my studio apartment. Write more lately. 

Love, 
Anastia

5/13/98
Dear Elizabeth, and Zoya, 

I had one of the most magical and weirdest nights of my life. I think Kyle would be upset with anger about that because I remembered what happened years ago when I was a younger. The magical night helped me break the dam in my head blocking my memories I didn’t know I had to be crystal clear. Alex led me to my room and closed the door behind him. 
He pointed to his lips and asked me with me lip reading “Have you kissed any one on the lips before?”
I confessed to him that I hadn’t but I didn’t tell him about the time in the Zeskaya Facility. He took my chin in his hands and slowly lowered his face towards mine. I felt some sort of internal shocks as his lips touched mine. Next thing I knew I was clawing at his clothes and he was pawing me in an attempt to take our clothes off. I felt some feeling down there below my waist that I wanted something inside me. After we stripped yanking off our clothes revealing our nakedness, Alex laid me on the bed and brought my hand to his phallus to feel. I was yanking on it rubbing up and down which make him put himself on top of me as I guided his phallus with his help of his hand inside me. I felt like multiple explosions were erupting in my head and I was feeling really out of it as he thrust inside me. I also wrapped my legs around his legs on the back area as I felt him put a hand on my chest, rubbing and squeezing. I also felt something like some dam in my head burst while feeling some memories came. 
The memories made me want to scream but Alex put a hand on my mouth and I saw his eyes change from blue to golden eyed color and he lowered his head to my neck to bite and lick suckling. Alex used his other hand to grip me closer to him as he thrust. 
One memory I clearly remember showed a male which I recognized to be Vladimir Drakulscu taking me to a cabin as a young girl, I’m uncertain of the age. I remember him sitting in a wooden chair with a knife in his hand which he used to cut his right wrist. Then he grabbed me and thrust my face towards the bleeding cut smearing the blood on my face. In the memory I felt like I had no choice but to lick the blood off my face. The blood felt good to my taste and I wound up licking the blood off Vladimir’s wrist sucking while he stared at me with a glazed yellow eyed glare.  
Then the second memory changed that shows me sitting in an all white room which appeared to be a bedroom while much older. I was loading a gun with bullets crying with tears. Next to me in the memory was a faded crinkled book, which I recognized to be the Book of Hayu. I saw on the page was a picture of a younger me aiming a gun at a man which I recognized to be Vladimir. I figured out why Kyle didn’t like the book. 
The book had words written in it which I recognized the language saying “She will shoot the father of her children making him change to an animal state, trapping him.” 
Then the door to the room in the memory opened and Vladimir came in with a yellow eyed glare. He said some words to me as I raised the gun and shot him full in the chest. He wound up lying there flopping like a fish as Jon with other cops like him came in the room. I saw Jon look at me with a yellow eyed glare and then he put his gun on the back of Vladimir’s head and shoots some dart execution style. Vladimir stops flopping and lays still. I watched with fascination as Vladimir’s form changed to be of an animal who I recognized to be Kyle. I passed out during this. 

Then I woke up and found myself lying naked in the bed of my room and Alex was no where to be seen and it was the thirteenth of May according to my clock that tells the date and time. My clothes I was wearing today were folded on the chair like the way I left them. I also felt a little sore down there like I had sex which I did. I wound up lying in bed the whole day feeling a little out of it like I was sick with a headache. I felt like I couldn’t get up at all. The most I could do was drag myself to my small refrigerator and grab some foods to eat and then I went back to bed to write this letter to the both of you. 

Love, 
Anastia

5/16/98
Dear Liz and Zoya, 
I wound up sick in bed with a bad throwing up feeling. I kept hitting the bathroom to throw up repeatedly. Eating food didn’t help for the food would come back up. Also I kept passing out unconscious. I would be standing doing something then black out and suddenly find myself on the floor waking up with some bruises from hitting it. Ugh I felt a gagging sensation inside my throat went to the toilet and threw up the thing that looked like an electronic slug into the toilet. I was too disgusted to examine it that I flushed it away. After feeling sick for three days I felt better and decided to go to the police station to visit Alex. I walked out to spot Walker and Mrs. Groundwater’s twin in some lip lock in the parlor room which I slipped out unnoticed. I walked to the police station ignored by the town’s people who is still treating me like I don’t exist. I went inside the police station and saw Alex there at the desk that acted confused to see me and appeared to don’t know me at all when I tried to talk to him. I saw Groundwater standing in a doorway with a smirk on his face that told me he had something to do with Alex’s behavior towards me. I could see that Alex had some glaring look in his eyes despite having a confused look on his face. I left the police station to wander around the town till I felt sick again walked to the boarding house and went inside tiptoeing past the parlor seeing Walker and Mrs. Groundwater’s twin were still in a lip lock. I rushed to my room and went into the bathroom to hit the toilet where I threw up repeatedly. I felt like I was going to be sick again. I also went to the bed to sit after throwing up and decided to write this letter to you. I don’t feel good at the moment. I feel like I have the flu hitting me hence me throwing up repeatedly. I don’t know if it’s actually the flu due to me having fainting spells that knock me out unconscious. I think I’m going to lie down for awhile and shut my eyes till I stop feeling sick. Oh drat I left the door to my apartment open and I better get up and close it. Just hope I won’t faint on the way. Wish me luck cousins. 

Love, 
Anastia

Date Unknown
To Whom It May Concern: 
Ugh you won’t believe what happened to me. I said in my previous entry that I was getting up to go to the door and shut it. I had a case of faints on the way which I fainted hitting the floor and woke up lying in a hospital room with my Dad holding my hand while sitting next to my bed. I discovered that my clothes were replaced with a hospital gown and there was a needle in my right arm attached to tubes going to a clear bag of watery like liquid that was slowly draining its contents into me. 
I felt confused seeing Dad spoke “What’s going on? What am I doing here?”
I saw Dad frown looking upset before he spoke “Anastia, you’re expecting a baby and your body is reacting to it by making you sick which normal for a woman is carrying for the first time.” 
It took me a few moments to process what Dad just told me that I’m pregnant with a baby. I felt different ranges of emotions hitting me at once that I couldn’t describe them at all. I tried to ask Dad what caused me to carry but just as I opened my mouth Dad put a finger to his lips. 
I frowned as he mouthed with me lip reading “People are eavesdropping on the conversation. The father hasn’t been determined to cause your pregnancy status but there are suspicions on who it is but it has to be proven.” 
I wound up to pass out to astral project seeing myself lying in bed wearing an oxygen mask on my mouth and nose areas. I during my astral projection status wound up finding that I can’t get any farther from arm length to my body and finds this astral seem lengthy. I wound to see my abdomen become swollen with child then find myself back into my body feeling groggy along with urges to push the baby out via feeling. I wound up to obey to the feeling and finds the urges stop which I passes out and comes to finding Kyle seated on me. 
He wound up saying to me mentally “You reeks of another male from the smell.” and hears him use an accusation tone. 
I don’t deny it but admitted “Someone told the male in my presence that I was implanted while indicating to me that it seemed to be involved some kind of control to prevent me getting pregnant. I wound up pregnant as a result and had the baby recently but don’t know what gender it is or what it is actually.” 
I find that Kyle seems jealous from his behavior while hanging around me and seems to throw hissy fits whenever I bring up the subject of mating with another male or the offspring I had fathered by that male. 
I refrained from mentioning the subject passed out unconscious to come to finding myself in some tube cylinder while floating inside it. I wound to feel confused to why I’m in it but passed out. I keep finding myself in the tube repeatedly till it cracks apart and I fall out while feeling heaviness keeping me to the floor along with thin oxygen. Has forces myself to breathe shallow till some guy with guards arrive and the guy introduces himself as Alexei Zesky head of the Zesky Asylum Hospital a cruise ship I’m on that is traveling over water which their trying to find a port to get supplies along with civilization as well. 
I found myself again kept into a tube contained via the orders of Alexei Zesky doing it to my disgust. I kept on trying to free myself by banging onto the tube’s walls but he refused to free me. I wound up contained as a result to my disgust seemingly lengthy. I got freed when I landed out of the tube onto something metallic like a floor onto my back with a loud grunt noise. I found myself in the presence of nine robed white figures seated in stone seats in a large room with a Highlander via identification of the species there speaking for them via standing on the steps. 
I found myself having trouble understanding what was said till I heard via my mind “She’s got a hearing problem” sounded into an emotionless whining voice.
I found the group introduced themselves as High Council via voice speaking in my mind garbled jabber all over the place in various males and females’ voices while noticing the group behind the Highlander was waving hands and waggling heads. I didn’t seem to know what was going on with them or their chatter sounding in my mind. 
I found myself disgusted to speak loudly “I’m disgusted.”
It got the High Council as the group called themselves to quit their chatter and look at me fully as if hearing me. I wound up compelled by some instinct to keep on speaking which I spoke the whole story involving what I wrote via my diary forms including my life so far.
I ended talk finding a male voice speaking “Ramses transport one Anastia onto the First Ones now.”
I found myself floating in the air to land onto a patch of grass with a loud grunt sound followed by feeling a hand tapping me onto the shoulder along with hearing silence from my deafness. I found the hand’s owner belonged to two cops who appeared to be twins of Mrs. Groundwater via the faces and looking annoyed to see me. I got up despite my nakedness and found the sky wasn’t twin to Wolf’s Howl’s normal sky. Instead appeared to be a pale pinkness red colored to me as the cops proceeded to put handcuffs onto me and hauled me naked to a vehicle that appeared to be a plane or some kind of helicopter while noticing that there were shiny metallic buildings towering over the bushes. I wound up finding the cops got me into the vehicle that went up like a hover movement followed by wrapped into a blanket and it flew into the air. I looked out the window to find the ground I landed into was in a middle of a city’s park with a large plant in the middle of a pond that made me think of the term Meritanian to me. I was rather confused to why I thought that term as the plane went into the air and went flying over the city I found was vast in length and size including had multiple tall towering buildings. I found the cops via pilot got the vehicle to a building’s top with a male standing there with arms folded. I found the male was an older male appearing to look familiar to me like I knew him someplace but wasn’t sure. 
I got out of the helicopter and got introduced to the male by the man speaking me forced to lip read “My name is Donald and that’s all you’ll know of me. I run this business of taking in former servants of the High Council into servitude of me. I have a place for you to stay and I’ll show it to you.”
I found that Donald didn’t say anything else instead walked away which I was forced to follow as if compelled by the cops pushing me to do it. I wound up walking following Donald through a doorway via stairwell finding the lights were dim and I still had no night vision. 
I found myself blinded a bit during parts of no lights seen to speak “I’m blind in the dark.”
I found a pair of hands grabs my arm and pull me further down the stairs seemingly lengthy till a slither of light appeared highlighting a doorway. I wound up forced through that doorway a set of double doors and found myself with my life never the same again.
End Journal of Anastia Yuliet Stonehawk.

Tom came to the end of the file to look at Keeper with a frown finding her speaking loudly “Jon, pull up the other file on Mother’s Diary now.”
He frowned finding the console beeping in response as if the computer mind was named Jon and not Eli to his confusion. He kept on eyeing the computer screen which flashed a file he read which I remember fully.

“Anastia visits a town in Europe soon after transfer back to Earth, by police car due to that the police in the town have arrested her for being a High Council’s servant by looks of her description of one. They are transporting her out to another town to prison. She sees the car stop by a large retail and grocery store with police cars there. People are running around freaking out while leaving the store. She hears a voice in her head says something about the drainers being in the store and needing milk to heal which was the voice of the Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy living nearby. Anastia managed to kick the door open and darts through the melee into the store while yanking off the handcuffs which she senses that her escape is noticed by some people eyeing her going pass them. Anastia goes to the dairy section grabs cartons of milk by cart finds drainers aka Humanoid vampires that are clad in skin suits with masked status. Upper eyes masks for males and lower mouth masks for females in the produce section that act rude towards her but she uses her voice to demand to them to back off which they quiet but stare at her. She gives them milk cartons and tells them that it’s what their looking for and that they should drink it which they drink obeying to her order and act like their feeling better. The Drainers, she discovers follows her out of the store and gets tossed into a globe surrounding a Drainer which she finds others going inside and sees it take off in the air from the scenery outside and finds its going in a direction which she frowns wondering where its going till they arrive at a town she recognizes as her home in Rhineland city where they hang out feeding off the towns people except her who they respect and get the natives to back off on targeting her with jokes by getting into the natives’ face yelling that she helped them with a problem and that their returning the favor period.” 

Tom frowned finding the file included another file attached to it to his confusion. 
He frowned as he spoke “What’s with the file anyway?”
Tom eyed Keeper who spoke “Just read the file as indicated by Jon putting it there. Read it out loud now. We’re not familiar with the language and needed someone of Rakcaran variety to identify it.”
Tom obeyed to read a sentence of the file and recalled fully in his mind of Norok’s memories and spoke loudly “Its Rakcar’s written language from the looks of as identified by Norok’s memories fully in my mind. What’s so special about it anyway?”
He glared at Keeper who spoke “Just read the file out loud now.”
Tom obeyed despite disgusted with having to do it as sensed to from the male when I recalled him via memories of reading the file. I wound up recalling the file and story entirely as something involving a love story between a Rakcaran female and Mesan’s Curse. I realized at the time was the start of the war between both species that couldn’t accept their love as a result.

In a part of the forest of trees and bushes a female Human with snake scales for ears with yellow eyes of a snake via her face and a Human face was walking. She was wearing a brown dress with a V cut in the front. There were scaly snake like structures on the sides of her neck seen thru the V of her dress. Her Human long red hair was tied back in a loose ponytail with a string. The woman's name was Diana and she had succeeded in getting herself lost in the forest. Her Father, Norok a member of the Rakcaran species, warned her not to stay in the forest after dark. Diana was told by her Father, of tales of dark people, dubbed Mesan’s Curse the name of walking dead, that walked in the forest when the darkness of night came. They had taken her mother who disappeared in the forest and was never found. The sun went down the horizon and soon it was night. Ominous noises sounded in the forest. Diana gasped. The forest looked dark and frightening. Sounds like growling and bushes moving of twig snapping made Diana more nervous. Panting she screamed and started running farther in the forest. A circle of light glowed shined illuminating a clearing. Diana ran in the clearing. She stood in the middle of the circle gasping for breath. Then she looked up in wonder. A feminine being with a robe on and jutting silver wings with a Human face that had no hair was hovering above.
Diana spoke "Respects Mother."
Her Mother pointed. Diana looked at the direction where her Mother was pointing. A Human man with torn black clothing and blood came out of the forest that was hurting. He came staggering in the clearing and he fell at Diana's feet. His breathing became ragged. 
Diana heard a voice of her Mother speaking "Care for him well, for he will save your life when darkness comes." 
Diana kneeled next to the man and pulled him on her lap. She smoothed his brown hair with gray streaks in it. All night long she held him as the circle of light shined on them and the clearing. 

Light shined from an oil lamp from a window of a square grayish structure building. A Humanoid with snake scales on his face and head stood looking out the window. In place of ears were gills as he breathed. Days of battle were lined on his face. There was a look of worry in his yellow Humanoid snake like eyes. He had on brown pants, a coat over a brown top. A figure, a warrior stood behind him also a member of his species. He had on a black frayed pants and a coat over a black top. The features on his scaled face was younger but was in a scowl.
The warrior named Voon spoke "You still worrying about Diana your daughter, Norok?"
The snake scaled humanoid at the window spoke "Yes I am worrying about Diana. The darkness took her Mother. I fear they will take my daughter too." 
He clasped his hands together and bowed his head. His prodding mouth moved speaking words with no voice as if saying a prayer. Outside the wind blew, the trees swayed as cold air came. 
Voon spoke "We will start searching at first light Norok."
Norok spoke "I hope we can find her." 
Quietly he added to himself "She has a destiny. In the name of the Ancient One do not take her from me." 

The sun rise at last and shined her rays above the horizon. Night had slowly became day. Diana awoke held in her arms was the Human man. His eyes were closed asleep and his breathing was labored. Diana had wiped some of the blood and dirt away from his face. She tended to his wounds. They were mostly cuts and scrapes. He was to Diana quite handsome yet his face showed a look of anger while he slept. Diana stroked his cheek gently. She also saw that he was wearing black scaly clothes onto his form that seemed to highlight his muscles to her. She heard sounds of voices calling. As the voices came closer they were saying her name over and over again. One of the voices she recognized was her Father. Diana put the male on the ground gently and stood up. 
Her Father called "Diana!"
Diana called out "Father!"
Voices speaking "There she is! I see her! She's alive!"
Figures came forward to the clearing. They suddenly halted. 
Diana asked "Where's my Father?"
He came running up to the clearing and he stopped when he saw the man. 
"Diana" He spoke with disappointment in his voice "Did you find that man hurt and you helped him?"
Diana spoke "Yes” and trialed off when she saw the look of disappointment on her Father's face matched the look of the others. 
Her Father spoke "Did you know that this man is one of the darkness, a dark man, Mesan’s Curse?"
Diana gasped. Two figures came running up from the forest behind Diana. 
One of them spoke "There's a wreckage of a space fighter of some kind in a crater up that hill. It crashed here." 
Another of them spoke "Doom has come to us I knew the day would come when we would not be able to hide anymore." 
Another spoke "Then we must kill him" 
Diana's father Norok spoke "No! Diana found the Mesan’s Curse. He is her responsibly. Get him up to the compound. We may as well let the Mesan’s Curse live. For when he wakes he has a lot of questions to answer." 
Two of them picked up the Mesan’s Curse by the arms and dragged him to the compound.

In the compound, they had dragged him to Diana's room and chained him to the bed. Then they left her alone to care for him. Diana managed to properly tend to his cuts and scrapes. She found that he had a ripped cloth attached to his sleeve that resembled a barrel shaped mask torn apart and sewed it as the man lay ill with fever going in out of conscious. His eyes seemed unfocused and he seemed to be saying something in some language but Diana didn’t understand his words. She wisely put his barrel shaped mask she assumed it was, back on the man’s arm via cloth holding it. Days past when the man awoke Diana stared at him. The man's golden eyes scanned the room. It was room with metal slats. It had an iron bed and a console in one wall. There were two doorways one that appeared to lead to a bathroom. His eyes fell on Diana. A strange look came to his eyes that to Diana appeared to be shock. Diana sighing got up from the chair she sat and went to the intercom on the wall next to the door out of the room.
Pressing a button she spoke "The Mesan’s Curse’s awake." 
A voice responded "Your Father will be up shortly." 
Diana turned to stare at the man who had managed to sit up with the restraints bound to him. 
He spoke "Jon."
Diana pointed a finger at him. 
"Jon" she repeated. 
She pointed to herself and spoke "Diana." 
The man Jon spoke "Diana."
A change came to Jon’s face. Diana edged forward in concern. Jon’s eyes glowed sun colored to her confusion with anger on his face. He was bound with restraints, struggling he growled to free himself. Diana gasped and backed away into the wall, just as the door slid open. Her Father came in. A look of horror came to his face when he saw the man. 
"Mesan’s Curse’s cursed one." he said. 
He slid the door shut locked it and closed the inner door. 
"Diana" He spoke "Get in the private room and do the drill. Stay there till I come." 
Diana obeyed and darted into the bathroom dubbed private room. Her Father locked the door behind her. 
There were sounds of growling and crashing noises from her hiding place in the shower stall Diana her hear her Father's voice yelling but couldn't make out the words. Then there was silence. The private room door opened. Diana gasped. 
Her Father's voice spoke "The One."
Diana called out "Knows many things."
She came out of her hiding place following her Father. 
"Father" she spoke "What happened? Why did Jon act like that?" 
Her father replied "Jon? Where did you learn that name?"
Diana answered "Before you came in he woke up and told me his name is Jon. I told him my name." 
Her Father spoke "Come what may, we have sealed our fates." 
He left the room before Diana could ask him what he meant. She looked at the bed. Jon was asleep. 
Diana stayed by Jon's bedside watching and caring for him. He would drift out of sleep. But one night he woke up this time Diana instead of calling her Father on the intercom. She sat down watching Jon as he struggled with his bonds growling. His eyes were again a sun color. 
Diana spoke "Your people of dark took my Mother. Why? What did we do to offend you to take my Mother?"
Jon didn't answer. He was busy struggling against the bounds holding him. The door opened and her Father came in.
He angrily spoke "Diana why didn't you tell me?" 
He pointed to the private room. 
He yelled "Go now!" 
Diana ran to the private room. The door locked behind her. Thunder boomed and lightning flashed outside from a window in the private room. She heard sounds of yelling, and then there was a crash. Then silence. Diana heard pounding on the private room door. She pulled herself in a ball. The door crashed open. Jon, she saw charged pushing the shower stall curtain and attacked Diana. Diana tried to defend herself with kicking but he pinned her to the ground and his hands were on her throat. She felt them tighten as air was going. Diana screamed. 
Hands shook her, a voice was saying "Diana, wake up your screaming. You had a nightmare.” 
Diana awoke staring at her Father.
Her Father spoke "I heard you screaming down the hallway. Thought you were in trouble. You just have a nightmare."
Then he hugged Diana and left the room. Outside lightening and thunder flashed and boomed. Jon was awake. Diana got up from the chair. She felt a powerful feeling to undo his restraints which she did. Jon sighed and lay peacefully. Her hand neared his face. Jon grabbed her hand. Diana froze but Jon turned to his side facing her. He held her hand caressing it as he fell asleep. 
She heard him sigh and spoke "Thank you."
Diana replied "You know Rakcaran, our language?'
He answered "From listening, I picked it up."
Diana spoke "I heard it’s not an easy language to pick up."
Jon replied "I learn, I listen and learn."
Diana said "Nice to have someone to talk to."
A sighing like sound answered her for Jon had fallen asleep. Diana settled herself comfortably in her chair and sleep came to her. Outside lightning flashed and thunder boomed.

Morning came. The rain had left leaving mists. The fighter ship sat in the crater but it was slowly sinking into the ground. As it sank there was a faint sound of metal grinding. Soon the ship was underground and its disappearance didn't go unnoticed for long. One of the patrols a warrior named Wan who had heard of the ship but never seen it decided to go see it himself. As he neared to the top of the crater he heard a sound of a faint alarm as he jogged up to the top of the crater. He looked in time to see the top of the ship sank underground. 
"What in the One’s name?" he said. 
Taping his communications link on his wrist he spoke "Wan, here By the One, the man's ship has sunk underground."
His communication link gave out static. Wan heard a sound of rustling behind him. He whirled around as something hit him in the face. He fell rolling to the ground. 
A pair of black booted feet jumped down from a tree and landed next to the unconscious Wan. A metal bar like object poked Wan in the chest. Another pair of feet also black booted jumped down and kicked the first pair in left leg. 
There was a sound of groaning then voices "Owe! What did you do that for?"
There was silence in response as the first voice spoke "Wake him up? I whacked him hard enough that he's out like light." 
Then another voice spoke “Just move it."
Two pairs of hands grabbed Wan by the arms and started dragging him. 
Then the voice said "When they come, I'm hitching a ride." 
A pair of black booted feet came down from a tree. With a branch full of leaves the footprints left were wiped away. 

Night fell. At the compound the absent of Wan and two others were noticed. As Diana sat in her room watching Jon sleep, she heard voices in the hall speaking in low tones. Diana pulled her hand out of Jon's grip and cautiously edged herself towards the door to the room. She could hear the voices a bit louder now. 
They were saying "First Wan, now two others have disappeared. What on Mars is going on?" 
Another voice spoke "Dissertation or punishment for disobeying orders". 
The first voice was she knew was her Father. 
There was a second voice spoke "Disobeying orders?"
The second voice was she recognized to be Voon's as her father spoke "Yes the alarms. I set to mark the forbidden sectors and three were set off. All patrols had knowledge of the forbidden sectors."
Voon spoke "Except it seems someone forgot to tell Wan, Onel and Akan. Someone like you perhaps?" 
Norok spoke "I gave them complete crystal clear orders and showed them the areas on the sector map in the control room"
Voon replied "The Humans have a saying curiosity killed the cat, or in case the cat disappeared." 
Diana heard a sound of a door slam. She heard Voon mutter his disgust and walked away. Diana stared at Jon asleep and wondered about what she heard. 

Far in space a ship was drifting. It was searching, its scanners scanning. On the bridge one of the monitors blinked blinking. A hand touched the screen. 
A human with blond hair in a ponytail wearing a blue uniform of the military on his left side spoke "Ion trail confirmed. It's the satellite coming from that planet dubbing Mars as indicated that landed onto Terra causing that plague in the first place."
A woman in identical uniform with spiky black hair spoke "Transferring coordinates to others."
The man spoke groaning "Will somebody please tell the Commandant this. I went last time so it's somebody else's turn."
The woman spoke "Ok. Fine, but it's not my turn."
The gray hallways of the ship Psychopath were quite busy. Officers in blue uniforms with boots sounded walking back and forth with assignments in hand. All accept one officer. He was a young blond hair Ensign Simon. He was sweating as pulsated on his left cheek and walking slowly. It was his turn to disturb the Commandant. He stood in from of the Commandant's quarters. He forced his hand up to the console and pressed a button. 
A male voice spoke with irritation "What? I gave orders not to be disturbed!"
Ensign Simon gulped and spoke "Uh news on that mysterious satellite is good. Ion trail from the satellite found and confirmed sir, coming from Mars as source of the plague that hit Terra."
The door opened. A man dressed in all black came out. He had black boots, black pants with a silver stripe on the sides and a black uniform top. Simon froze. The man's eyes were all black. Simon suddenly felt an invisible hand in his mind searching. 
Simon spoke "I'm only relaying what they in the bridge told me to tell you sir."
A movement of the man's head and Simon felt the invisible hand leave him. He watched as the man swatted some of his long black hair out of his face. 
Simon spoke "Orders, Commandant."
The Commandant replied "Come with me to the bridge Ensign, and stop sweating." 
At the bridge all stopped what they were doing when the Commandant came in through sliding double doors. There were looks of fear on their faces. Some of them grimaced as they felt the Commandant scan the room using telepathy. One of them a wavy blonde hair woman with green eyes stepped forward. 
She cleared her throat "Ahem."
The Commandant looked at her. 
"Captain Smith" He said "Next time send someone who does not sweat. Have someone escort Ensign Simon to the medical bay to be checked over."
Captain Smith looked at Ensign Simon. He looked like he was about to faint. She nodded and gestured. Two security officers in gray uniforms stepped forward and escort Ensign Simon off the bridge. Smith groaned. Another officer wasted. The Commandant usually had officers who displeased him sent to the Medical Bay to be checked over and spaced in space. 
"Oh by the way" The Commandant said "Once the doctor pronounces him fine, have him clean the garbage disposal. It's in need of cleaning." 
Smith sighed of relief and spoke "We have contacted the others in the group their on their way sir."
The Commandant replied firmly "Good."
He stood in the bridge watching them work. Smith groaned. She went back to the console she was working on. She grimaced when she felt the Commandant scan her.
She thought "Excuse me, I got work to do."
She felt him leave her mind. 
Sighing she muttered to herself "It's going to be a long night." 
 
Back on the Planet Mars where the satellite came from, a storm was blowing. Diana stood staring out the window. She could hear Jon eating food from a tray. He was still in bed. Diana after watching him eat saw his eating were what her people considered rude and strange decided not to watch him. She went to look out the window. A storm was blowing. The trees were bending. It was also raining with dark clouds in the sky. Her Father had told her that the area where the compound was prone to have storms a lot only at certain times in the planetary world's movements. To her Father and others the storms were a nuisance but to Diana, she was grateful for the storms seemed to keep her dark people that haunted her with nightmares ever since they took her Mother. 
Jon spoke "Forgive me if I offend you by the way I eat, but I haven't eaten in days."
Diana replied "No need. I understand."
Jon asked "What is it like outside?"
Diana answered "Stormy."
Jon spoke "I'm surprised that your throat isn't sore after I tried to choke you."
Diana stared at him and said "What are you talking about?"
Her face frowned even further. 
Jon replied "Days ago, your nightmare, you told me. Your Father managed to knock me out."
Diana spoke "You never answered my question about my Mother." 
Jon sneered laughing "How should I know?" he said. 
Diana marched up to his bedside. She knocked the tray with his food aside despite his protests. She slapped him hard in the face. 
Grabbing his long black hair she yanked it and she yelled "You murderer! You're one of the darkness, a dark man!"
Jon's Human eyes flared sun colored. He growled and struggled against the restraints Diana had wisely put on him while he was asleep. Diana yelled screaming as she hit him with punches and yanking on his hair. The door opened and her Father came in. 
"Diana!" He yelled "Diana what are you doing, stop?!" 
He grabbed Diana by her hair and half dragged her to the private room. 

Jon heard sounds of punches landing followed by screams and yelling. Then there was a thud. Norok left slamming the door. Anger was a cloud on his face. Jon pretended to be asleep. Norok without thinking to his safety or himself undid Jon's restraints and stormed out of the room slamming the door. In the hallway was Voon waiting. 
Norok angrily spoke "Diana has a destiny as the Humans say over my dead body."
Voon replied "It is set and ready. Once they arrive, fire." 
Norok spoke "Death for them, not me let's move." 
They walked away from the room. 

Diana screamed from the private room "How could he do this to me?! How could he?! Bastard! Bastards! The darkness took my Mother! I feel I'm losing my Father to the darkness! No Rakcar has harmed or killed another Rakcar!"
She paused panting then she screamed out again "Curses on the souls of the bastards who did this to me!" 
The private room door opened Diana screamed "Jon!"
As Jon came in Diana bombarded him with objects she could reach from the tub. Jon raised his arms blocking the objects as he came to Diana. She screamed and attacked him with her fists. Jon quickly knocked her down onto the floor and pinned her. He gripped her in a hug. Sobs came from Diana. 
Sobbing Diana peeped out "Oh Jon."
Jon replied "I'm sorry about your Mother. I don't know anything about her, but I'm sorry anyway." 
Diana kept sobbing as Jon held her for a long time. He could sense she was calming down. 
Diana recited "The One knows why we suffer through many trials of pain, trials of anguish and trials of sorrow. The One knows why we have trials of joy, trials of happiness and trials of smiles. The One knows why we ask why many, many countless times. If the One could answer our questions, they would be answered. Yet there would be no mysteries in life on joy and sorrow." 
She paused and continued "But I'm am part Human part Rakcar. What gives Norok, my Father house of Evdok the right to harm me?" 
She snuggled in Jon's arms as he loosens his grip on her arms. She hugged him back. Jon felt something in him waking up a feeling of something familiar. 
"No." He thought “I'm fated for another, not her but possibly her". 
His feelings for her were strong. He lifted her face up with his hand. Her green Human like eyes stared at him like wanting something that made him sorry for her. His lips touched hers as she stared at him. She grabbed his head with her arms and deepened the kiss. Jon rubbed his hands on her chest as she moaned in the kiss, sighing as their clothes came off. Flesh touched flesh as he lowered her to the floor and lost himself inside her.

Morning came. The sky was clear with the sun shining. Norok peered in his daughter's room. Jon was asleep in the bed still chained. Diana was asleep in a chair next to the bed. Her hand was on Jon's left hand that was lying on his side asleep. 
Norok spoke quietly "There may be many challenges ahead, but the time will come when the two are accepted as one." 
An alarm shrilled out ringing. 
In his communications link tied to his wrist was Voon's voice speaking "Earth’s ships have arrived. They're orbiting the planet. Their here regarding that satellite we sent them to Earth carrying a plague that nearly wiped them out. Their not believing our excuses when we say we have nothing to do with that satellite in question." 
Norok looked into the room again. Awaked by the alarm, Jon woke growling. Diana awoke. She sat on the bed and held Jon in a hug. 
She spoke "Calm down it's just the alarm."

In space orbiting the planet, was the Humans’ warships including the Psychopath with several other ships. 
Captain Smith spoke "Commandant, sensors detected life signs. Alien life forms centered among nature in the Northern Hemisphere.”
The Commandant spoke "Prepare the strike force. The alien life forms confirm that it was them aliens who caused that plague on Earth in an attempt to wipe us out." 

Plane like fighter jets came out of the belly of the Psychopath space ship and the others. They entered the atmosphere of the planet. They scoured over the land quite low. One of the fighters suddenly blew apart as missiles from below in the forest came on to the fighters and the Psychopath including the other space ships.
Captain Smith spoke "The aliens have weapons, hot firing on the assault force and us."
The Commandant answered "Target the weapons’ fire and fire low. Ion pulse cannons only." 
The voice of the gunner was heard in the speaker in the bride saying "Firing."
Fire bolts of lasers came from the Psychopath towards the weapons firing. 

In the compound an alarm rang out followed by a voice on public announcer voice speaking "Ships targeted the compound, their firing!"
Norok earlier had dragged Diana out of the building despite her protests of her screaming 
"Help Jon!"
Norok yelled back "No time! Get out now!"
He nearly dragged her towards the trees just as fiery laser bolts came from the sky and hit the building. The building exploded in flames as dark smoke blow from it. Diana felt Norok loose his grip on her. She caught him before he fell to the ground. The blast had hurt him. 
"Diana" he said "Do not abandon Jon" gasping "You are fated to the One." 
His eyes closed and he went limp as he went into a healing sleep despite mistaken as death status back then. Diana let him fall out of her grip. Shock was on her face. 
"You are fated to the One" she thought as another explosion erupted from the building. Diana quickly got up and ran into the forest. 
 
On the Psychopath the Commandant spoke "Report, Captain Smith."
Captain Smith replied "Direct hit, casualties should be high, uh!"
As she felt the Commandant scan her mind. 
The Commandant spoke firmly "The aliens better be alive when you find their plague maker for if they isn't my allies won't be pleased."
Smith replied "It shall be done, Commandant."
She felt the Commandant leave her mind. A console in front of her beeped. 
Touching it she announced "The Strike force has landed looking for survivors."

Deep in the forest, Diana stood near a small pond panting. She had run as far as she could. Gasping for breath, she looked up to see plane fighter ships came streaking by. Sighing Diana reached the folds of her dress for her cup. She found it was gone. Her dress, which was clean, was torn, and smeared with dirt. She kneeled down and sipped the water using her hand. She hated drinking from ponds not knowing that the pond was clean enough to drink but she was thirsty.

One of the Human Alliance troops who were quite nearby froze when he heard a scream. Jorge paused in his green combat fatigues despite not having cheek markings on his face. He wiped his black hair from his face.
His partner Konnie a female with long black hair also an Elric asked "What's the matter?"
He answered "Nothing. I could have sworn I heard something." 
Konnie spoke "This is the strange forest. You'll hear things."
Jorge replied "Well it sounded like a scream I heard" 
Konnie answered "Ha! It's just one of the aliens screaming in pain. Let's move it. We got to find the source of the satellite launch." 

Night had fallen on the planet. Aboard the Psychopath, the Commandant was past his patience. 
Captain Smith spoke "I think you shouldn't have-"
She cut herself off as the Commandant narrowed his black eyes at her. 
He spoke "Prepare a shuttle for me. I'm going down to the planet, incompetent fools." Then he stormed out of the bridge. Captain Smith sighed. 
She heard one of the crew say "It's going to be a long night."

Down on the planet, the sun was soon setting as Diana searched for Jon. She had managed to comb the wreckage of the compound and she found no trace of Jon. Diana searched the forests nearby and she found him lying in a clearing looking a bit unconscious. How Jon got out of the compound with burns were beyond her. She settled his head on her lap checking him over. She saw his burns were quite bad but appeared to be healing slowly. Diana looked around and saw a pond. Across the pond was hollow cave. Her Father Norok told her if she was for any reason to leave the compound she was to go to a cave and stay there. Diana sighed and pulled Jon. She dragged him across the ankle deep pond. Reaching the cave Diana found the switch to the emergency generator intact. She turned it on. A hum filled the air as lights came on illuminating the cave. She saw that the equipment and supplies were intact. The cave was fashioned to be similar to her room complete with rocky walls. She heard Jon moan. She saw that the water was helping his burns so she left him partly in the water with his head resting on a rock. Diana found a pillow for his head which she put under his head as Jon slept. Diana sighed and then she rolled up the sleeves of her dirt soot dress for she had worked to do. 

Daylight came as one of the patrols from the Psychopath was in the forest looking for something. He had a scanner in front of him. 
He spoke “I’m detecting two life forms across the pond in a cave.” 
Another patrol member his partner spoke “One of them better be the aliens as found. The Commandant is still on our case on not finding them.” 
He gasped as his eyes widen and he fell to the ground choking for air while clawing his throat. 
His partner groaned as he heard the Commandant’s voice sounding angry “Move it.”
The patrol leader moved and slowly went around the pond towards the entrance of the cave in the hill. 
His companions’ yelled “Found aliens! Their just two alone!”
The Commandant reached the cave where the patrol stood with their guns cocked, in the water that lapped the cave. He looked at the Human male with scaly clothes on the form, lying in the water partly burned with his head on the lap of a strange woman. She was unlike any race he had seen in his lifetime. She had snake like scales on the sides on her neck and where her ear areas and had a Human appearance on her face and long reddish brown hair. There were scales lining the sides of her neck which was seen of her dirty V neck dress.
The Commandant thought “The legends are true.”
The female stared back at him with no fear on her face. Her eyes were darting from him to the male in her arms. She appeared to grip the male tighter in her arms. 
The Commandant spoke “Take her and this male aboard the Psychopath. Bring them to medical bay now!”

They took Diana roughly from the cave. She was given a shot and felt dizzy. Then one of them carried her towards an alien looking building where trees where bent from the building. She fell unconscious as they carried her and Jon inside. When she came too she found herself in a room lying on a bed. Jon lay on a bed with bandages on his burns. His eyes were closed. Diana stared at him. She looked around the room. It was square and gray with two beds on both walls. A doorway she explored lead to a private room. She explored the rest of the room. A wall slid open revealing a Human male dressed in gray. He had the markings which Diana saw of golden eyes that flared a golden color making her nervous. 
He spoke in a compelling voice “You understood my language. I see your Mother was one of us, my title is Doctor. I'm ordered not to give you my name. Your name is?” 
Diana answered “My given name is Diana, daughter of Norok and Tia.” 
She added “How is Jon?” 
Doctor replied “He should be fine. He would have been worse off if you hadn’t put him in the water. We stabilized him but equipment here is limited. I think there’s a colony near here that would have the necessary equipment, respects to the One.”
As he left the room Diana frowned and spoke “What is going on? Was there something you’re keeping from me Father?” 
She yawn a trait she hated. She went to the bed and slept as up in the ceiling eyes peered out of an air duct grating.

Tom paused from speaking the story to speak “Jon is this Jon the one you Keeper are talking about?”
He got in response the computer file shifting onto the screen to something else to his annoyance. 
Tom glared at Keeper who spoke “Just read the file and its contents since you know what the language is.”
He heard the firmness of her voice tone obeyed despite disagreeing with the order.

Hands shook Jon awake despite he attempted to sleep via his nightmare. 
A female voice spoke “Jon, wake up your having a dream.”
Jon woke up. He was lying on a bed with gray blankets covering him. 
The female spoke “In case you don’t remember, what happened, when we found you, you were in a coma. Glad you’re awake.” 
Jon recognized the voice belonging to Captain Smith. She was out of uniform in bed with him. She hugged him. She could feel the invisible hand of the Commandant as he left the room. 
Jon gave up a growl sounding alien like to speak in an alien language "I have something for me to eat."
Captain Smith found herself not alone as figures arrived from the ceiling crawling towards her who reacted in fear clinging towards Jon who thrust her out of the bed onto the floor. This was followed by the memory of Jon attacking Captain Smith via teeth to bite her neck and appearing to be sucking her blood like a vampire. It’s a part of what Nightwalker originally was before he tried to suck my blood. Jon via the memory appeared to be a member of the vampires that shifted form into Nightwalker via memory and appeared to use the Jon’s form to sneak aboard the warship. I’m not privy to the details of what happened to the inhabitants of the warship the Psychopath except they took Nightwalker with them using the disguise of Jon along with his minions the Bloodies as they called themselves. I figured they took control of the warship via feeding bloody lust and then crashed it into the planet Terra for surviving and other bloody feeding lusts that controlled them. I wound up recalling fully as if compelled the inhabitant’s reaction to Captain Smith’s death. Ensign Simon was walking in the hallway. Ahead of him on his left was the prisoner’s quarters. A stink of death came to his nose. 
“Oh no, another one gone” He thought. 
As he came nearer the prisoner’s quarters, he spotted the body of a female dropped outside the cell and appeared to be pale and dead lifeless. Ensign Simon went to the body of the female and found no life but I guess nothing to indicate of blood within her. I’m not sure what was the Commandant thinking allowing a vampire like Nightwalker aboard his warship to feed off the Captain in some punishment method.
Ensign Simon via memory touched his communications' link and spoke “This is Ensign Simon here. Can I have a clean up crew for hallway grid four at prisoners’ quarters' number thirty six? We better find a replacement to replace this female dead in the hallway.” 
He suddenly threw up and on his communications' link he heard the voice of the Commandant speaking “Have Mister Throw up report to the barracks immediately and find another for the prisoner to feed off of now!”
I recalled as if compelled that the Commandant seemed influenced by Nightwalker’s feeding habits and kept on delivering crew members to feed off of. It disgusts me as the crew dwindled till there were none but the Commandant left and Nightwalker’s people, himself and his six companions. I don’t recall anything else after that instead the warship crashing into Terra from the memory of it. Nothing else I remember involving Nightwalker’s surviving the warship’s crash. I wound up remembering something else as if drawn to focused onto Mars via a barrack area as if compelled to view females were busy wrapping a male with burns on his form seen in cloth covering him entirely. I figured at first the male was dead but he appeared to be breathing heavily and appeared to be giving off noises of burning. I was rather confused to who he was till a name of Justen came to my mind. It’s when I focused onto Justen as if compelled. Justen lay on his bed, moaning in pain. The burns had mostly healed but some still hurt him. He tossed and turned groaning. He heard the door to his quarters open. Then it closed. 
He heard a voice of his leader the Commandant speaking “Please he well and you will be spared Ilina.”
The door opened and closed. Justen heard a thud of a bag hitting the floor. He felt weight as if someone climbed into the bed. Hands rubbed his head. They felt cool against his warm face. He felt the woman cradle his head against her shoulder. 
He heard her whisper “Sleep Shh.” 
As he tried to speak the hands caressed his face as he slept. I wound up focusing onto someone else as if compelled via memory which I focused onto Diana the hybrid Human Rakcaran only to find nothing came to my mind. I felt confusion hitting me to figure out that she was killed during the finding of her taking care of a pity me pathetic Nightwalker trying to gain entrance inside the Commandant’s warship. I wound up thinking of Diana as various females I had in my life till I focused onto one female of a Human like appearance but had fins for her ears and gills on her neck that appeared where she breathe instead of her nose. I found the female Diana appeared to be slightly Human with some fish like appearance onto her. I wasn’t sure why I was dreaming this but kept on dreaming of her. 
Diana awoke via memory I saw. She found herself in a medical bay from the looks of it. Doctor via uniform was standing there waiting. 
He spoke “I was waiting for you to wake up.” 
He handed her some clothes to change out of her dirt stained dress. It was the first time she wore pants by her shock and trying to put them on and receiving assistance from the medic. It was loose gray pants and a long sleeve gray shirt. The Doctor allowed her to use the private room. She showered and changed. When she came out guards which she saw had scar markings on their cheeks indicating Kangs a part of the Human species evolved now, wearing gray with black stripes on their uniforms came and roughly took her out of the room. She passed by several Humans wearing the same clothes as the guards. They took her to an elevator. It went down. They took her through a hallway. Gray walls were around in the hallway. At the end of the hallway was a silver double door. One of them pulled out a key and unlocked the door. Inside two guards both female stood. 
One of guards spoke to the female guards “Orders are to take her to cell block nineteen.”
The female guards roughly grabbed Diana by the arms and pulled inside. The double doors closed behind them. The hallway was brown with yellow lighting on the low ceiling. The floor was bare looking. There were strange symbols on the door unreadable to Diana and unreadable to me. The guards stopped in front of a door. One of them touched buttons on a small console on the wall next to the door. The door slid open and the guards pushed Diana inside. The door slammed with a bang. A light flicked illuminating the room. Diana curious looked around to see a male dressed in brown pants, with a brown coat over a black top while looking tired while having a head of a fish and fins flopping via his ears were. 
He spoke “Hello young lady, I’m called Leader Lave.” 
Diana asked him “How did you get here?”
Leader Lave spoke “I woke up here. Besides me let me introduce you to the kids if their here.”
Diana spoke “Kids?” 
Leader Lave spoke “Two Earthari kids, a boy named D’Clan and a deaf girl named T’La. If their not here they must be in the air ducts.” 
Diana asked “Why would they be in the air ducts?”
Leader Lave replied “Watching.”
As he leaned down on the cot and fell asleep. Diana sat down on the other cot and sat watching him. Soon she was seen fell asleep. I wound up focusing onto someone else as if drawn appearing to be elsewhere than the planet Mars from the looks of it. I focused onto the Commandant via his long haired look only to get a male with short black hair and all black eyes while wearing a uniform. I felt confusion hitting me to why I could imagine the original Commandant I figured from memory was a twin to Jinks Montreal a battery hooked up somewhere on Mars. The Commandant with short hair wound up focused as if drawn and compelled via my memories. In his quarters the Commandant walked impatiently. A hint of annoyance was on his face. The doorbell ranged. 
“Come in” He said. 
The Doctor walked in. 
The Commandant spoke “You’re late.” 
Doctor replied with a firm voice tone “Whatever. There are creatures in the air ducts following me.”
The Commandant spoke “Ah T’La and D’Clan Leroy. They should be in their cell watching that Fishla. How is Justen?”
Doctor answered “He’s giving me a headache, but he’s fine but that Ilina. I checked her. She’s not to be trusted with him.” 
The Commandant spoke “If the kids are in the air ducts like you say then they should watch him.”
Doctor replied “It would be impossible for them to watch a couple have some love moment.” 
The Commandant glared.
“The Leaders won’t rest till they have Justen” He said.
Doctor spoke “And there seems to be other groups who have an interest in Justen.” 
The Commandant asked “What groups? Who?
The Doctor answered “Contacts say their called Soulers.”
He turned and left the quarters after getting a dismissal sign from the Commandant. 
Out loud alone the Commandant spoke “Drat the Soulers their going to ruin everything.”
I didn’t know what the Commandant meant by his comment instead focused onto Justen as if compelled. I figured the Meritanian was manipulating my memories to remember things by compulsion feelings hitting me. Justen slept resting on a bed, yawning one morning, Ilina got up from the bed and opened her bag. She pulled out a small cylinder with a needle attached to it. Ilina heard Justen growling. She looked at him. He was jerking in bed as if having a nightmare. Ilina edged close to the bed and injected the contents of the cylinder in his neck as Justen awoke. His golden eyes stared at her. 
She spoke “Captain Smith has a big mouth.”
Justen got up from the bed. Ilina backed up till her back met the wall. Justen charged at her. He suddenly fell to his knees. Groaning he collapsed onto the floor. 
Ilina spoke “The drug is supposed to keep people awake but it seems to knock you down.”
She grabbed her bag and put the needle away then putting her bag down her stared at Justen lying on the floor. She edged her foot near him and kicked him in the side hard. A groan came from Justen. 
Ilina spoke “You shouldn’t have harmed her for I’ll make you pay for that.” 
Not entirely sure what Ilina meant but I figured that Nightwalker and his crowd got kicked off the warship onto someplace else. I also figured that this Justen was blamed for Captain Smith’s death by draining her blood courtesy of Nightwalker doing it. I figured it explained why she was poisoning Justen. I wound up focusing onto someone else too disgusted to view more of the scene.  
Doctor was sitting in Medical bay one in his office behind his desk frowning.
A voice startled him “Doesn’t Captain Smith have a sister named Ilina?”
Doctor spoke “What?”
He looked around the room. 
The voice spoke “Doctor I’m in the ceiling.”
Doctor looked up. Above him was an air duct grating as black eyes peered out. 
Doctor spoke “D’Clan, what by the One is you talking about? Chelle has no sister.” 
D’Clan replied “Chelle was married. I bet the same with Ilina.” 
Doctor sighed. He taped his console typing some keys. 
He heard the computer say “Access denied, priority one Captains orders.”
Doctor asked “Computer Identify the captain who ordered this.”
The computer answered “Identify Captain Chelle Smith.”
Doctor asked again “Is there any indication Captain Chelle Smith changed her name?”
The computer replied “Working.” 
Then spoke “Found Chelle Zhou, sister Madilina “Ilina” Zhou. Michelle Zhou married to Kolai Smith. Sister Ilina Zhou married to Ensign Simon Ianov. Warning Ilina Zhou escaped convict of murder charges.” 
Doctor asked “What were the murder charges-“ 
Just as something hit him on the head from behind and it knocked him out of his seat to the floor. A gloved hand reached the console and tapped some keys. 
The computer spoke “Files on Captain Chelle Smith deleted. Files on Ilina Ianov deleted.”
I recalled as if compelled that the person who hit the Doctor was Ensign Simon himself doing it including using the Captain’s access codes to delete the files. 

A loud voice woke up Diana from sleep. 
The voice was saying “Captain Chelle Smith has a sister named Ilina Ianov.”
Diana saw Doctor there. He was holding his head. The Fishla male was awake and sitting next to him was a young Human male with long hair pulled in a tail and all dark colored eyes. Dark colored objects were on his face and he was dressed identical to Leader Lave. Next to him was a young Human female with the same twin eyes with hair in a tail that was dressed also dressed like Leader Lave that signed some hand language. 
The young male spoke “She’s awake.” 
Dark objects were on the young female's pale face and she to Diana’s shock had no Earthari ears but also had implants where her ears were. Doctor looked her way and turned to Leader Lave. The young male was moving his hands as the young female watched him. 
“Another thing” he said “Someone I suspect Simon Ianov knocked me out before I could figure out what the murder charges are. Worse my files on Captain Chelle Smith and her sister were deleted and its too bad Titania here didn’t see anything.” 
He gestured to the young female who kicked him in the leg with a black booted foot. 
She signed with her hands as D’Clan spoke “Says name is not Titania. It's T'La and don’t you forget it.”
Diana interrupted “Excuse me?”
T’La she saw stared at her as D’Clan spoke “She says whose she and why she is on my bed?”
Diana got up and walked towards Leader Lave who spoke “Her name is Diana, and she did not know it was your bed.” 
She noticed the young male use hand signs to the young female.
Diana asked “You two are?” 
She gestured to the young male and the young female named T’La. 
Doctor answered “T’La who has no hearing and her older brother D’Clan.”
The young human male D’Clan stared at Diana. 
He spoke “If you don’t like the clothes you’re wearing we can get better ones.” 
Diana spoke “This I wear is quite fine.” 
The door to the cell squealed open. A male guard came in with irritation on his face. 
“Doctor” he said, “Your ten is up. Out” 
Doctor walked out muttering “Can’t wait to get rid of this headache.”
The guard also spoke “Name is Miguel Ricos. The Commandant says a piece of what the kids have will be put in Diana.” 
Miguel left just as Leader Lave got up from his seat bellowing “No!”
Diana turned him with a questioning look on her face. 
Leader Lave answered “The technology on the kids’ faces is an example of their experiments.” 
She looked for the kids who seemly had disappeared from his sight. She figured that they were in the air ducts again. She saw Leader Lave sat down and leaned against the wall and closed his eyes trying to mediate. 
Diana muttered to herself “Stranger and stranger things. What is going on?”
Diana sat on T’La’s bed. Leader Lave, she saw peered at her out of one eye. There were things she wished he could tell her but it was best to remain silent. He she saw closed his eyes.
I wound up focusing onto Justen as if compelled to find him a victim of a pummeling of fists and kicking. Another blaming by the natives blaming him for the draining death of Captain Smith. Justen lay on the hard cold floor. He felt spasms of pain as a foot slammed down on his stomach. Justen screamed. He could barely hear the words of the taunting. He felt a pinch in his neck as someone injected something. 
He heard someone below “Enough! Get him to his quarters before that tyrant the Commandant makes a house call!” 
Hands grabbed Justen and jerked him up. 
A male voice asked “Hey! What are you doing to him?”
Another male voice replied “Stay out of this D’Clan!”
D’Clan spoke “The Commandant is a mind walker, he’ll scan and he’ll know.” 
Another voice spoke belonging to Ilina spoke “If the Commandant tries to interfere, his bosses will know a certain freak by the name of Diana is still alive instead of being dead as ordered.” 
Justen heard the comment and thought “Diana is still alive.”
He felt himself being dragged as he heard Ilina say “Besides the Commandant’s bosses want her dead for some reason.”
A male voice jokily spoke “Welcome to the freak show! Come down to the brig to see a bizarre hybrid, yeow! T’La! Will you stop kicking people?”
D’Clan bellowed “It’s not funny! Why do you have to hurt Justen?” 
Ilina answered “He’s the reason why my sister is dead.”
I figured it involved Diana bringing aboard this mysterious Nightwalker from the planet and sucking her sister to death. I wound up focusing onto someone else as if drawn via my mind compulsion by the planet’s Meritanian manipulating me.
The Commandant entered Justen’s quarters. He saw Justen lying in bed with bruises on his face. 
He glared at Ilina who spoke “If I die, your bosses will know of prisoners in the brig that they want dead are still alive.” 
The Commandant asked “Are you blacklisting me?”
Ilina answered “Call it blacklist if you want. I call it insurance. Chelle Smith was my sister. I want him dead. I’m not alone in this.”
The Commandant frowned as he spoke “Don’t rough him up too much; he needs his strength as my enforcer.” 
Ilina asked “Enforcer? You mean body guard. I’m surprised that your trip escort isn’t following you around.” 
The Commandant scanned her and spoke “Captain Smith has been giving you access. Hmm conviction of murder charges with drug Silk. Silk? You’ll get him to forget his memory. Use something else.”
Ilina replied “Don’t bet on it.”
The Commandant answered “My bosses will arrive in days. I’ll tell them that you and those who hurt Justen are rebels and are keeping those vampire prisoners alive and who will they believe you or me?” 
Then the Commandant walked out with triumph on his face as the door closed Ensign Simon Ianov came out of the bathroom in the quarters.
Ilina spoke “By the One, he’s going to ruin everything.”
Ianov replied “Days to kill Justen and days to escape from this place.”
Ilina answered “I think he scanned me. He may know of our relationship.”
Ianov spoke “Better not bet on it. The buffoon is I heard is very good on jealously.”
Ilina kissed his lips and answered “Even if he is jealous. I still plan to use him for there’s a problem with you.” 
Ianov spoke “By the One they shouldn’t have done that to me.” 
Kissing Ilina on the lips again he walked out of the quarters. Ilina looked at Justen. She saw his head jerk. 
“You’ve been eavesdropping!” she exclaimed. 
Justen spoke faintly “And how do you plan to escape? No one has escaped alive. They’ll find you.” 
Ilina replied as if not getting his words despite his alien language used “One side effect to Silk is you won’t remember the last twenty four hours.”
She held up a syringe and injected it in his neck. 
“Pleasant dreams murderer” she said.
Justen’s eyes flared golden color as his eyes closed. Her communications' link chimed. 
She spoke “Ianova here” 
A male voice spoke “I am a Leader. You’re dead. Jon would have escaped if it wasn’t for you sabotaging his fighter.” 
Her communications' link went dead. Ilina stared at it with shock on her face. She stared at Justen lying on the bed asleep. 
She spoke “Courage Ilina. You’ll have to do it tonight.” 
When she was done with the raping as called, she went into the bathroom and showered fully. Then she pulled a console from the wall that led to the garbage deposal. She flicked some switches and went boosted herself as she went inside the garbage deposal that led to the dumpster outside. The garbage deposal's doors slammed closed behind her then there were screams coming from the garbage deposal as a small hand removed itself from the console and the figure walked away. The Commandant was mediating in his quarters when the doorbell rang. 
He irritate called out “I left orders not to be disturbed!”
The doorbell rang again and he grumbled getting up from a kneeling position went to the door and it slid open to reveal T’La standing there with her face in a scowl. The Commandant stared at her with surprise on his face. 
He appeared to use his telepathy to read her mind and then he spoke “I’m sorry, you’re no longer allowed to carry a weapon.” 
He watched as she stomped her foot and then handed him her favored knife weapon. The Commandant watched as she stomped away and disappeared down the corridor and he went back inside his quarters to face D’Clan who stood with arms folded with his face in a scowl. 
The Commandant spoke “She did the murder and must be punished.” 
He saw D’Clan nodded his head and then he left the one room quarters by the door. Justen lay on the bed. He jerked as he heard a door open to his one room quarters open and close then through golden eyes saw a female form came to him. He felt the female he climbed in the bed. Flesh touched flesh and Justen felt her hug him and cuddled closer to her he recognized was Diana. Justen acted like a familiar urge hitting him proceeded to lose himself inside her she not resisting. He once done pulled her towards him and they were kissing. 
At once Justen grabbed her as he heard the door open and he saw the Commandant come in and speak “You’re the Father.” 
Then the Commandant left the two. Justen lowered Diana onto the bed and put a hand on where his child lay in her. 
Diana gasp as Justen asked “When were you planning to tell me?”
Diana replied “I suspected this but I couldn’t confirm it until Doctor told me.” 
She he heard sighed as Justen pull her in a hug and cuddled her close to him. He frowned as he felt her hand reach for his left cheek. 
He ordered “Diana, Please don’t touch me there.” 
He noticed the questioning look on her face added “Bad memory, I’m trying to forget.” 
Then he fell asleep with her in his arms. 
When he came to Diana wasn’t in the bed and he saw the Commandant standing there staring at him, speaking “My Allies arrived. Please get up and see them.”
Growling Justen got up and got dressed in his black pants, a black sweater top and he proceeded to follow the Commandant out of the room. They went through several hallways and went down an elevator. Reaching the cafeteria room Justen snarled out a growl to see Diana wearing a grey dress, tied up in a chair with some cloth covering her mouth. Next to her was sitting was a medium length brown haired woman dressed like the Commandant and had the same black eyes. 
The woman spoke “Greetings Justen.” 
Justen snarled growling as the Commandant went to stand next to the woman and two other men standing besides her dressed like the Commandant and had the same black eyes. The men both long haired blondes had guns in their hands which were aimed at Justen.
The woman held out a piece of paper and spoke “You will sign this paper agreeing to give us the baby this woman is carrying.” 
Justen again snarled out “If I don’t?”
The woman answered “Certain people will die, with blood on your hands.”
Justen growled out “Diana lives.” 
The woman added “Fine, now sign.” 
She he saw held out a pen and a piece of paper with words on it. 
Justen didn’t need to know what the words said as he scrawled out the words “Diana lives.".
The woman looked at the paper and spoke “Interesting choice of words for your signature.”
With a flick of her head the men turned and aimed their guns at the Commandant who protested “No, I did what you asked!”
The woman ordered “Shoot him!”
Despite the protests from the Commandant, the men fired their guns and the Commandant went flying backwards. The table he landed on crashed and he fell to the floor crashing with a thud.
Justen during the commotion freed Diana from her bonds and grabbed her as the woman spoke “Not so fast, Justen.” 
Justen fell to the ground as he felt a dart hit his chest and he heard the woman speak “Take Diana and dump him outside. The natives of this planet Zarghuna will put an end to him.” 
He fell unconscious as I remembered that the planet Zarghuna was a name for the planet of many names now orbited by Edenia in moon form and Humania in ghost sun like form. I figured that the natives arrived to Zarghuna via space travel warships out of sanctuary from the troubles of planet Earth and its vampires. I wasn’t sure why the Meritanian was manipulating me to remember these memories as I wrote them down into this journal. I figured that there was a purpose to remembering them later as I kept on recalling Justen after he was knocked out unconscious.

A scream of terror sounding in a voice indicated of a vampire dying via sunlight’s glare, woke Justen up as he got up from the rocky dirt ground. He looked around to see that he was at an entrance to a cave blocked by a large metal door and lying next to him was the body of the Commandant. The Commandant from the looks of it was slowly having his body shriveling away into dirt status despite I kept hearing the screaming sounds. He went to feel for a pulse and felt nothing. 

I wound up as if compelled remembered the day Justen met the Commandant. Justen was with his scars on his left arm and cheek showing for all to see, had walked into a seedy bar with patrons drinking and spoke to the alien bouncer with reptile looking green skin something about a race called Shargans causing trouble. The bouncer had smirking pointed to a door that was closed at his left. He walked unnoticed and felt a glass cup shattering on his black clothed back. He looked to see one of the patrons was a male with a mark while wearing a hat in brown clothing glaring at him while standing from the bar. Justen glared at the patron and walked to wards the door where another patron a male with short black hair with thin shaped eyes with a twin marking, dressed in black clothing got up and blocked his way. 
He heard the bar patrons went silent and the barkeeper yell “Your kind isn’t welcome here, Mind Walker!”
Justen looked to see the man he would later learn went by the name as the Commandant standing there looking around the room. 
The mind walker spoke soothingly “Gate Destroyer, I have a job for you.” 
Justen, a member of the Gate Destroyer species, walked towards the mind walker, a Telepath and asked “What job is that?” 
He noticed the male dressed in brown with a hat patron who threw the glass at him looked shocked as the other in black patron who blocked his way. 
The Commandant spoke “Not here but elsewhere, I’ll tell you the details, come.”
Justen followed the Commandant out of the bar. The patron in brown handed the barkeeper a coin and followed the duo out of the bar with the patron in black following. 
In the hallway the Commandant spoke “We’re being followed.” 
Justen looking behind him to see the two bar patrons walking behind them spoke “I’ll handle them.” 
The Commandant loudly spoke “I know you two! You can stop following us and coin will be put in your accounts!”
Justen looked as the two men looked at each other and then went to the opposite direction. He heard the Commandant Hmph some sound. 
Tom via the memory of him quit the reading to speak “This story is telling something else involving someone named Justen to someone named Jon despite someone named Diana used.”
He glared at Keeper in response who spoke firmly “Just keep on telling the story as the file dictates.”
Groaning he obeyed despite sensed disagreeing with the order by memory of his voice tone sounding of sarcasm to me.

A scream twin to the vampire’s noises broke Justen of his reverie. He got up from the ground where the Commandant’s body lay and walked down the hill as the sun went down the horizon. Soon it was night time and Justen’s night vision took over as he saw the Shargans came towards him. They were according to the reports the Commandant made him read were brown skinned humanoid reptiles with vein lines on their bodies. They also had long reed like claws that cut people easily. They only came out at night time. Their teethed jaws snapped as they attacked him swinging their claws at him. 
Justen snarled out in Tennans' language of growling noises “Well, well, Shargans galore.” 
As the first wave of Shargans I figured were evolved versions of species dubbed Hyperion, attacked him, Justen knocked several them down and blocked their claws with his arms. Then they stood still and he felt something like metal around his neck. He looked towards his right to see Soulers armed with their swords came. According to reports the Commandant made him read, they were dressed in all black with golden eye masks on their faces and a hood covered their heads too. Around his neck he felt was a metal chain which was being held by a Souler. 
Justen snarled “Bastards.” 
He saw the Soulers look at each other with their heads as the Shargans left them. Justen also felt a prick of pain on his right arm and looked to see a dart sticking out of it. He fell unconscious. When he came too, he found himself nearly kneeling as his arms were raised above his head with chains attached to his wrists. He saw that the chains were attached to metal pipes on the chain fence behind him. Justen growling pulled at the chain and felt pain from the chains. He looked around him and found that he was chained to some fence and there was a large house facing him which Justen looked to see four Soulers standing around a distance away. Three moving their hands gesturing like they were talking and one had arms folded staring at Justen. Justen looked around and could see that the star filled sky as he could see three shiny dots in the sky. 
Growling Justen growled out “What do you plan to do to me?”
He saw the Soulers stop their silent conversation and turned to stare at him. The four Soulers then went to stand in a row. 
One of them with the arms folded gestured in a Human body language with the hands to one of the Soulers as to say “It’s your move.” 
One of the Soulers came forward and Justen heard a guttural voice speak “Do you know who you are?”
Then the Soulers looked towards Justen’s left and then the Souler who stepped forward injected Justen with something and he fell unconscious. Justen came to finding himself lying onto a metallic bed as he shook sleepiness from his eyesight. He found a figure in a hooded brown robe touched Justen's bound left hand. Justen stared at the figure. With a sudden sweep of his left hand, the figure pulled the hood revealing a humanoid face with fish scales, fins prodding from his places where his ears were if he was Human with entirely black eyes of a Telepath. 
The figure spoke "Hello Justen."
Justen spoke with recognition "Leader Lave." 

Tom via memory of him quit the reading to give off a sound of disgust only to get from Keeper in response “Jon, give him the files on Annoyov Barrack Station written in Rakcar’s language now for him to read for us.”
I sighed and realized with a start to why Tom was created to recall Tom thinking to himself “It’s for reading the files in Rakcaran language for these illiterate idiots to read for themselves. Ugh.”
I sensed nothing in response to his thought but Keeper giving him a glare and speaking in response “We’re not illiterate idiots.”
He gulped but didn’t comment a response as Keeper added “We’re not familiar with the Rakcaran language of the Rakcar that died out extinct forgetting their language of writing and its uses via obsession to a technology in their war with the Mesan’s Curse. Mesan’s Curse when asked seemed to not be fluent into the writing languages and don’t seem to care about that. Instead their just hanging around causing terror and destruction to some of the survivors of that war living planet side in Egyptia as we Highlanders call this world.”
Tom frowned but spoke in response “Who’s Jon? Shouldn’t he be called Eli?”
He frowned as the computer console blinked showing a file in response as Keeper refused to answer his question by giving him a glare and speaking ahem noises. Tom sighed and forced himself to read the file’s contents despite annoyed with his questions unanswered.

Doctor Yong groaned softly from the implant within him making him aware of the Tennans species' presence that gave him a sting of pain in his head. 
He sent a mental message to the Tennans sensed around him "Mission failed. The Humans' ship Battle Axe intercepted the transfer with the help of the Fishla and got us to here. Nothing can be done about it."
He heard nothing in response to his mental message figured that the Tennans weren't interested in revealing themselves despite detecting them. 
In space sat orbiting a planet that was of a raging maelstrom of yellow clouds of thunder and lightening flashing as a ship sat in space with its name labeling it "Psychopath." 
Aboard the bridge the Commandant either a twin or a clone of him via looks of him, was in a bad mood. 
The Commandant snarled out loud "Curse the Humans curse the Fishla for their interference."
He roared in anger. 
The Commandant heard "Mysterious ways must be to our advantage." 
He glared at the speaker he recognized as a Tennan a Humanoid species that was entirely slick black colored with antenna’s on top of the head with a humanoid face having a beak of a bird where the mouth was and clawed hands, one of the species that have spoken while still clinging to the wall. 
He glared at the Tennan and spoke "Why is the Queen lazy when it comes to creating warships? I need more firepower to counterattack the Fishla and their rude interference." 
The Commandant glared at the Tennan who spoke sounding firm "Creation use come to end. No more ships created. Queen says enough of creation." 
The Commandant gave the Tennan a glare of accusation in response who ignored him.  On a planet, inside a cave a console beeped via memory of it in my mind. 
A male voice spoke “Got a message from the three. Justen’s attempt to escape failed. They got him again”. 
Another male voice spoke “By the one!” 
A feminine musical voice spoke “Do not lose hope. They have Leader One alive and is still finding him valuable."
I wound up focusing onto something else via the Meritanian manipulating me to see what she wanted me to see. I focused onto a space battle in space among warships of different designs firing among each other. Some were destroyed by the firing of lasers and eater balls onto each other. Other warships survived that as others took off into the rigors of space and left a rag tagged group of warships to remain orbiting a planet I recognized as Terra. I wound up recognizing the planet as Terra by recognizing some of the continents in there despite its island continent forms. I figured the polar caps of snow melted and caused islands. Either that or the warships of Fish seen firing onto the planet were the responsible party. I wasn’t sure which one. I wound up focusing onto a warship as if drawn to recognize it as the Psychopath but a different design. 

The battle in space had gone well, but without heavy causalities. The deaths of those who died were not forgotten, but honored. In the safety of the spirally steamy yellow clouds of the nebula, the ships that survived slowly limped home to the station Annoyov on a planet. Aboard one of those ships called "Annika" on the bridge the crew watched as their leader out of the corners of their eyes. Hands free from the console, T'La a young girl of fifteen with brown hair and brown eyes. 
Metal gleamed from the implants on her face signed to her brother D'clan who was standing besides her. "(What's with him?)" 
She gestured in hand language. D'clan a boy of seventeen with black hair and brown eyes and implants on his face looked to where she was gesturing. In front of them meters away, in front of the windows that showed the nebula, standing in the shadows was a figure. There wasn't enough light to see the details of the figure. 
D'clan signed back "(I don't know. I guess the General is thinking.)"
T'La responded "(He won't be peaceful when he discovers She’s aboard.)"
D'clan sighed and signed, "(Hopefully he'll forgive her. If he doesn't all will be lost.)"
A growl like sound was heard by the crew except for T'La who was deaf. The crew members froze in what they were doing. 
D’clan bravely spoke out loud "By the One what did we do this time to displease you?"
Several crew members looked in his direction then resumed their duties. 
The figure spoke "That woman is aboard!"
One of the crew spoke "Excuse me? Pardon me for being on the idiotic side but who is this woman you are referring to?"
The crewman paused as the figure stormed forward. A man with gray in his hair and streaks of brown stood. His face no longer had the innocence of youth in it. It was haggard of aging. His outfit was a black sweater and black pants. His face was in a scowl. The crew looked up from what they were doing to watch him. 
He spoke "You! Are in charge! I'll be elsewhere!"
They watched as he the General walked up the small ramp to the entrance to the room and was out of the room with the doors slamming behind him. 
D’clan broke the silence by saying "Well that went well."
There were mutters of agreement among the crew. D'clan interpreted their agreements to T'La. Elsewhere in a hallway aboard the ship, the wounded lay on the floor. Some had minor injuries and were attending the ones who had serious injuries. Those that weren't hurt were busy tending to help the ones hurt, easing their pain in the mist of these three corridors down in an empty hallway stood Diana and the Fishla Ambassador Lave. Diana sighed. Her face was that of an Earthari but her ears had fish scales and a pointed bone prodding out. Her brown hair was pulled back in a ponytail.  Lave had fish scales on his face and ears. It covered his head too with a bone prodding out of the back of his head.  
She spoke "I'm grateful to the captain of this ship for saving our lives" 
Lave responded "So it seems."
Diana replied "In times of sorrow you are always seemly speaking cryptically in ways that no one can understand their meanings."
At that moment she was interrupted by a female cat alien came hurrying up while followed by an Earthari male an Elric judging by there being no markings on his face. As they neared the two, they both stopped and bowed with hands clasped in front of them. Lave returned the bow. 
Diana asked "Tell me, where I can find the captain of this ship? I like to thank the captain for saving the lives of many people and ours as well."
The cat alien a Felidae female and the Elric male glanced at each other with a strange look that Dianna couldn't identify. 
The Earthari male spoke "Ivar at your service. I'll take you to the captain. Anel" 
Turning to the Felidae female he continued "Will see if the wounded will need her help." 
Anel bowed and darted, passing them down the hallway. The trio watched as she went around the corner on her left and was out of sight. 
Ivar spoke "Follow me please."
And turned towards the direction he came. Diana walked behind with Lave taking up the rear. They had scarcely reached the end of the hallway when they were faced with three people. Two Gate Destroyer males, but the third Lave recognized. Diana gasped and steeled herself for the words he would spoke. 
Lave spoke "Hello Justen."
Justen barely acknowledge him; anger was in his eyes, face and in his body. He glared at Diana who opened her mouth to speak but Justen cut her off.
"See that it is safe for flying outside. Ready a shuttle, flyer. Whatever! I want this freak" (He pointed to Diana) "Off my ship!”
Then without a word his fists still clenched he stormed off. 
Ivar quietly spoke at the retreating Justen "That is one order I will not follow."
Diana darted after Justen.
Ivar spoke "Lave, he is still angry at her and her betrayal of betraying Terra to the Fishla species to nearly destroy the planet yes?"
Lave replied "Perhaps, But it is too soon to judge his source of anger, isn't what you think." 
Before Ivar could ask what he meant, Lave turned and went to the direction Justen came from. Diana had to practically jog to keep up with Justen. He was walking quite fast while stomping a bit. She followed him as he came to double gray doors. The doors slid open and he stormed inside. Diana increased her speed and was inside just before the doors closed. Diana entered the room. Looking around it was a large circle with a bed, a table and several gray chairs around it. She saw him leaning on a small gray round table. His back was facing her. 
Diana spoke "Justen?"
A growl came from Justen. 
Diana continued "Justen, I know you’re angry at me. You have every right to be."
Justen interrupted "Shut up! Freak!"
Diana spoke "I'm not a freak! You coward!"
Justen grabbed the table he was leaning on and threw it behind him. Diana had to duck as it sailed over her head hitting the wall behind her. 
"Shut up!" Justen yelled "Shut up!" 
He was breathing hard. 
Diana angrily spoke "No! Make me! You'll have to kill me to shut me up!"
Justen growled. He stormed to a chair. He picked it up and threw it. Then he grabbed another chair and threw it. They hit the walls with a crash and one fell apart. Diana had to duck as one came her way. 
Diana spoke "You would rather smash furniture than kill me?"
Justen halted. The chair he was holding dropped to the floor. 
Diana spoke "Many times you could have killed me but something held you back."
Justen screamed "Get out freak! Get out! 
Diana calmly spoke "Is that how you see me, then take my ears and tear it. Then I'll be Earthari as you."
Justen turned and glared at her. 
"Wise little freak are you?" He said.
Glaring at Diana, he walked over to her then grabbed her arm then she was thrown backwards in the air. The wall she hit felt like a mattress and the same with the floor as she fell. As she recovered a hand grabbed her chin forcing her to look up. She looked in Justen's angry face. 
Justen spoke "You Freak! Because of your silence, I have suffered nothing but hell! And now Terra suffered hell in the response!" 
He was referring to being accused as Obsidian, a pilot of a Tennans’ warship that destroyed many worlds by firing onto it with eaters from world to world in their efforts to find a Human male named Terror. Only Diana knew he was innocent of the crime but kept her silence in response instead of defending him to the Fishla when he was accused of this status. Diana put her left hand on his chest right where his heart was beating. He stared at her, his eyes traveling from her face to the hand on his chest. He sputtered stammering as he let go of Diana's chin. Diana sighed and edged forward and positioned herself until she was to his eye level. His hazel eyes stared at her. She removed her hand from his chest to his right cheek. The anger in him was still there in his eyes and in his face. She rubbed his cheek as she edged her face closer to his. Her lips met his lips and she kissed him. Her other hand traveled from his hip up to his chest rubbing as her hand traveled towards his shoulder. Her eyes were closed but his were opened staring at her face. She felt him starting to relax, and then her right hand accidentally touched his bandaged left cheek. He tensed and growled as he violently jerked her away. As she was pushed away Diana yanked off the bandage to see a scar just as he clamped a hand on it. She grabbed his bandaged left forearm and yanked it off. Justen yelled growling. She saw a half triangle scar on his face and on his arm was three scars one of a star, and a crescent moon with a star next to it. They were like tattoos. 
Diana spoke "A Gate destroyer. Why do you hide them? You're ashamed that you’re a Gate destroyer aren't you?" 
Justen yelled "Ashamed?! I had this as long as I could remember! I hide them because of the hell I received all my life! I was blamed for crimes I didn't commit! I was scorned, rejected and people treated me like I had some disease! I bet being a Gate Destroyer was why I was blamed as a scapegoat in this Obsidian business!"
Justen glared at Diana. Then he got up and stormed to the bed. 
Diana got up and spoke "What would you want me to do Justen?”
He stopped and stood with his back to her. Diana felt anger boiling in her. 
"How dare…" she sputtered "Dare you call me a freak! You coward!"
She stormed up to Justen and pummeled him with her fists. Justen pushed her that she fell to the floor. He sneered at her. She grabbed his legs and he fell to the floor. She pummeled him with her fists again. Justen forced her on her back on the floor with one knee on her legs, his right hand holding both of her writs. He glared as Diana glared back at him. Then he noticed her right arm. The sleeve of her gray dress was ripped and peeking out of the rip was a marking. He tore the sleeve free from her arm despite her peals of protests. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. The markings on her arm were three scars similar to what he had on his left arm which revealed her to be a Gate Destroyer Female. 
Diana spoke "Because of what I am, I have been scorned, rejected and outcast by both species. I have no place among either of them. I stole a dead council robe and masqueraded as a council member to speak with the council. They refused to speak to me. I blamed you for the murders as Obsidian for acceptance. They accepted me for awhile until the truth came out. So I know how you feel Justen."
She paused and spoke "I love you Justen." 
There was calmness in her face. Justen's anger melted away. He pulled her off the floor until she was eye level. 
Staring at her he spoke "I don’t know what to say.”
Diana put her hands on his cheeks. He didn't flinch. Once again her lips met his and they kissed with passion. 
Zerra wound up communicating to me at the time giving off a sound of disgust within my mind and made me focused onto something else. I wound up doing that but was rather confused to why the Meritanian was having me focused onto this Justen and Diana in question. I kept on focusing onto them both this time elsewhere and appearing to be some place that appeared to be the Annoyov Barack Station on the planet of many names. Not sure what their purpose of being on the station was. 
Justen paused in the hallway. He sighed and stood for a minute from the memory of his reunion with Diana on the warship. 
He thought to be overheard thinking loudly "I can't believe these people!" 
Then he continued walking. He reached the round door and rolled the wheel doorknob and pulled open the door. Then he walked inside the large room while closing the door behind him with a bang. The room was quite on the large side. Circle lights shined white circles on the floor. He could see fenced walls around him. There was a balcony around the room above him. He couldn't see any people there. Then the lights changed and shined on Diana chained to the fenced wall. Justen fumed with rage. He could see she was all right. Near her a group of people stood in the shadows their faces hidden. One of them stepped forward. 
"Hello Justen" the figure said.
 Justen recognized the figure to be Dege Rollen the brother of Meleda Rollen. 
Dege spoke "I see you got our message. We lost many people we love and I believe killing Diana will give you-" 
Justen interrupted him, "Let Diana go! Your quarrel is with me, not her. She had no part of what happened on Claris colony."
Dege spoke "Oh really? You killed nineteen of our town's people! We lost loved ones and it's not fair!" 
Justen tore off his long sleeve black tee-shirt and kneeled on the floor. 
He spoke again "Please let Diana go. Your anger should be at me. She's not involved with our quarrel." 
Dege humph and spoke "Fine, Let Diana go." 
Justen watched as two men came forward and unlocked the chains from Diana. She ran towards the door. As she ran Justen watched in horror as Dege pulled out a knife and threw it. Diana fell to the ground with part of the knife sticking out of her back. 
Justen screamed out "Dege!" as the people came at him. 
They attacked him with what ever they had on their hands. Justen curled in a ball reacting in pain. He held his temper inside him. Out of the corner of his eyes, he watched as two men dragged Diana out of the room. They came back without her. Justen grunted, as he felt kicked at his head, his legs, arms and every inch of him.  He could feel knives, sticks and other objects on him bringing pain. He kept his mouth shut refusing to scream. The town's people screamed insults and they taunted him. They tried every trick as they could to make him scream. He felt so angry about rage that a strange feeling he never felt before came to him. 
The scene changed to show someone else.	
In the security office, Chief of Security sat in a chair annoyed. 
She muttered out loud "Where are you?" 
The alarm rang as the computer spoke "Medical emergency detected multiple victims." 
The officer spoke "Oh, by the All Seeing One!" 
She darted out of the office. Serena I figured was her name met some security officers and Doctor Chang Yong with some medical technicians. Serena watched as three technicians came rushing by with Diana on the gurney. A knife was poking out of her back as they rushed by. 
Yong spoke "Chief, eternal sensors detect an unknown alien life form inside." 
Chief Serena groaned and then the door opened. Dege came out with blood on him. He fell in Doctor Yong's arms. Several security men ran in the bay. 
Serena heard them yell of exclamations. "By the One!! What the heck happened here? Oh man, we need medical help here!" 
Dege grabbed Serena and he spoke "He has mutated into something…"
Then Dege went unconscious. Medical tech took him away on a gurney.  Serena and Yong went inside the Bay. They both gasped with shock. People lay strewn all over the floor dead to the world with eyes showing bloody status including ears showing leakage of blood. Medical tech people, who were busy attended them each. Yong held up his scanner and waved it around the room. 
He spoke "Chief, Their all dead and with injuries that are the type to appear to be brain organ shattering to me. Not entirely sure of how that happened." 
Serena spoke "Doctor did you hear what that guy said about mutated?" 
Yong spoke "I heard and frankly I'm not sure if I should buy it."
 Serena spoke "I'll believe him once there's proof." 
She heard her name being called. “Chief! Over here!" 
Serena saw Jinks Montreal, from memory was a Leader clad in a uniform, silent as ever waving him over with a medical tech. Serena walked over to Jinks who pointed to the fenced wall where a gaping hole was. Serena watched as a medical tech ran a scanner over it. 
The medic spoke "Traces of blood on it will have to run some tests, bet it's the alien life form that was detected alive in here before it escaped through the wall." 
She continued scanning the fence. Serena sighed and wandered off with Jinks having a hand onto her arm and appearing to be nervous. I figured from memory that Jinks knew who killed those people by him giving a look not of fear but a look of knowing from what I saw. I wound up recalling Justen as if compelled to find the male was slung over the shoulder by another male appearing to have Tom’s appearance but no scaly skin. The Tom male was clad in a Leader’s uniform without a broach and carried Justen entering a dark room that had lights flaring up. It indicated a medical bay to me but not on the Annoyov Barack Station’s medical bay. I wound up watching as if compelled the memory focused onto Doctor Yong in his Medical Bay lab in the Annoyov Station. 
Yong bellowed on the communications channel "Commander Renova, I'm calling for an immediate council meeting! I discovered the reason for the attacks and I believe I know who is doing this!" 
He appeared to have sent the information to the Command Center then switched the console off despite glimpsing a notice on the screen saying “Virus detected.” 
With a sigh, he muttered "Oh boy. They're not going to like this at all." 
He walked out of the medical lab then walked out in the hallway on his way to the Command Center. 
I focused onto Tom reading this story to the Highlanders of Mars, who paused then heard a throat clearing noise sounding behind him which he spoke “Well according to the file it says quoting ‘What happened is Justen mutated into a monster and knocked out the people who were beating him up. His anger caused him to change. As for the attacks he’s been attacking people in retaliation for Diana’s knife wound. She survived but is hidden and Justen is on the station looking for her. Any person that comes across his path is being knocked out. Justen meets Doctor Yong and knocks him out but the information reaches the command center and they figure out its Justen who’s attacking.’”
I figured from memory that the High Council’s servant Tom Thunder himself was the responsible one for the attacks onto the natives of the station and got Justen blamed in response.  I also recalled the attacks included King Winter sucking onto the natives of the station via blood and freezing them up followed by Tom himself smashing them into pieces while wearing head gear of a mask covering his head entirely and High Council wear clothes. I felt disgusted recalling that memory to find Zerra manipulating my mind’s contents to focus onto something else instead.

I wound up focusing onto Tom Thunder’s clone in Mars speaking “That’s about it for the file. Doesn’t say anything else. What else you want me to read anyway?” 
He gave Keeper a glare in response who spoke loudly “Jon anything else to admit?”
I sighed and focused onto the console as if drawn to do it as the screen flickered files coming into view followed by settling onto a file and appeared to be in Human’s language from the looks of it instead of Rakcaran. 
Tom spoke “It’s Human’s language of Earth’s language via the file-“
He was interrupted “Just read it.”
Tom gave Keeper a glare and spoke “You’re not fluent in any written languages aren’t you?”
He got an ahem noise from Keeper in response which he shifted to eye the file in response and spoke the contents out loud despite using a disgusted voice tone.

The story this time appeared to be focused onto Jinks Montreal or a clone of him living on the Annoyov Barack Station before the events of Tom’s and King Winter’s attacks hit. It’s when I figured this out actually. 
The male a clone aka son of Jinks Montreal the original with sadness from his actions, dubbed Jinks Montreal, groaned loudly from the pain on his cheek. He grunted as he felt chains onto his wrists. He sighed feeling the Master in control felt his mind scanned in response. He jerked open his eyes, to glare with annoyance, at a Slayer, as the Nightwalkers dubbed them, despite the name of Souler used. He gave up a spitting sound, as the Slayer a male, bared his face to him, via manipulation of the mask, with finger tapping. He kept the glare aimed at the Slayer I noticed had Human black eyes, instead of the all sky blue, as known by the species. He kept the glare as he fisted his hands keeping himself silent in response. Jinks glared as the Slayer got onto one knee and kept his slaying weapon sheathed into his scabbard. 
The Slayer spoke, I hearing the male's voice, via ears "Tell me something hmm."
Jinks kept his mouth shut and refused to talk in response, as the Slayer spoke again "If there was a way of healing you of that scar on your face, would you take it?"
Jinks rubbed his scarred cheek in response, with a gloved hand, despite still glaring at the Slayer and again gave up a spitting sound, refusing to talk. 
He got from the Slayer in response "Interesting, considering there's a way, and we'll gladly give it to you for a price tag."
Jinks kept on rubbing his scarred cheek and looked away, he feeling his mood bad again, as the Slayer remained silent. He felt his mood become rage, glared at the walls of the jail cell, I recognized was in the Zesky Asylum, the Slayers' warship, I saw the walls were all white. He kept the glare while eyeing the walls, avoiding looking at the Slayer, till a bright light shined, he finding one of the Fishla’s females, dubbed Sora for her species, appeared into view from a hidden status. 

Sora from memories of that species has been seen hanging around the batteries contained in the Rakcar’s stadium of meeting abandoned now. I figured that the Sora hanging around was in loyalty towards one of the batteries. I wasn’t sure and unable to focus onto the Sora seen in the stadium instead focused more onto Jinks Montreal or his clone dubbed Sadness for dreaming sad memories of Jinks himself. 

Jinks appeared to need to translate her talk, despite her speaking in an electronic machinery tone of singing beeps, he finding his mind translating for him abruptly.
Jinks heard like I heard translated to myself "Leave him alone now. He's too mad with his grief, of his loss, to bother doing anything. When he's calmer he'll talk."
He gave Sora a glare, to find the Slayer in response, getting up and walking out of the jail cell, leaving him, with the Humanoid angelic being, in a female bald head Human like form wearing a white robe from the chest down with arms, having sleeves on it. 

I recognized the form was twin to the Sora in the stadium but the being in the stadium had a Highlander appearance with long black hair and pointy ears of one with twin white eyes. I wasn’t sure why she had that hair status while the other Sora didn’t. I wasn’t able to focus further onto the Sora with hair. Zerra as if sensing my wandering made me focused further onto Jinks.

Jinks kept the glare as the being gave off a beeping sound, he finding himself unable to translate, despite the beeping sounded of singing to him. Jinks kept on glaring at Sora, who ignored his glare instead appeared to have a thoughtful expression on her face, he figured she was studying him in response. Jinks shifted to look away leaning back onto the padded wall despite chained to it, via hooks and chains. He ignored Sora's singing, he figured was what she was doing as he kept on staring at the walls, till he focused onto one wall and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate, despite Sora's singing, lulling him to sleep.

Jinks woke up from slumber via a dream of himself meeting his familiar female Katherine his wife again she alive and happy to see him. He wound up as indicated him as Sadness the Four Horsemen replacement of four Builders dubbed of that name actually, living around Mars that got hooked up as batteries in response to the Drainers’ war with the natives for blood lust food. I figured the Drainers’ blood lust was related to being vampires and manipulated by Zerra to do this jokey status. I found Zerra in response to my thought made me focused more onto Jinks as if compelled.
 
Jinks jerked open his eyes to glare at Sora still singing away with accusation within him he thinking to himself "I haven't dreamed of Katherine since White Shadow took possession of me. His possession was on promises that he'll keep away my nightmares of Katherine dying in front of me after returned from a form of being a Charon or Hadean as their referred now."
Jinks heard Sora's beep sounded in a questioningly beep he finding himself translating "What did you say hmm?"
Jinks gave Sora a glare in response and shifted to stare at the floor as he heard a male voice speaking words he shocked to hear himself speaking his thoughts out loud to his shock as if recorded. He glared at Sora in response while rubbing his scarred cheek finding the female resumed her singing beeping noises but this time faded from view. He found the familiar Slayer was back into the room with face bared this time holding a cup in hand. He gave the Slayer a glare as the male without a word kneeled on one knee next to him within arm's distance and uncapped the cup as indicating it a thermos. He glared as his nose smelled a familiar smell making his throat dry from wanting to drink it. Jinks smacked his lips and licked his dry tongue onto the area as the Slayer handed him the thermos he figured was the thing which he grabbed in a fast move. Jinks found himself shifting into his Lance Richard persona as always whenever smelling blood. He shrugged away the persona and forced himself to take his time sipping the cup that held blood from the taste in it. He sighed once he was done sipping it entirely down to toss the Slayer the cup who caught it and capped it. Jinks resumed leaning back against the padded wall ignoring the Slayer sensed staring at him while hearing Sora's beeping become softer but remained. He ignored the Slayer in response who kept up the staring at him only to sense a bright light as Sora appeared into view.
He heard "Leave him now. He'll talk when he's ready."
Jinks didn't comment a response to Sora's talk as the Slayer was sensed getting up and leaving the room while hearing a sound of a door banging shut. He found Sora in the room refused to go away instead kept up her familiar singing. Jinks found himself lulled to sleep by Sora's singing shut his eyes.

Jinks opened his eyes screaming out "Katherine!"
He indicating he’s Sadness and always having to dream of the death of Katherine a wife of Jinks Montreal the original clone who was married to her. He gasped recalling his nightmare he didn't want to dream was back into his mind were the same as always he could never get it to go away. Jinks groaned from his screaming to feel the chains were off his wrists. He got up in a fast speed move only to find himself alone in the room with Sora floating above that was still giving off her beeping singing. He gave Sora a glare in response that ignored his glare he finding her forming a thoughtful expression on her face. Jinks paced back and forth walking from one end to the room ignoring the door till he felt a compulsion to look obeyed to find the door was open with the familiar Slayer standing in the doorway.
Jinks glared in response as the Slayer spoke "You're wanted out of this jail cell now."
He grunted an annoyed sound and didn't comment a response towards the Slayer as he kept on pacing back and forth with the dream of Katherine dying fresh in his mind. He grimaced as he heard Sora's beeping change from singing to comments.
Jinks heard "He was yelling this word 'Katherine' before he woke up."
He gave Sora a glare in response halting his pacing only to find himself surrounded by masked Slayers jabbing weapons aimed at him and gesturing him towards the doorway. He obeyed to walk out finding the unmasked Slayer ordering him to follow. Jinks sensed them followed to find Sora floating behind them who kept on following closely too close to his taste. He ignored Sora and followed the Slayer a maze of corridors, elevators and doorways in the walls he noticed were different from the Zesky Asylum's design and appeared to be alien to him. Jinks frowned as he followed the Slayer to a window in the wall while hearing a loud purring sound he recognized belonged to a large cat dubbed tiger. Jinks peered into the window to find it was a jail cell containing a large white tiger that was rubbing its head against the window in some friendly like behavior. He sighed softly recognizing the tiger belonging to White Shadow by the collar around the female gonoid and her friendly behavior was from sensing him like cats of all sizes always were friendly with him. He sighed again as the tiger kept up the purring and head onto the glass rubbing which he frowned hearing a loud beep noise of Sora.
Jinks frowned as Sora spoke "He understands us speaking to him so no need to translate."
He sighed again to figure that the He, Sora was referring to was himself. 
Jinks frowned as the tiger he recognized was dubbed Misty by White Shadow that kept up the purring behavior ignoring Sora's repeated beeps of "Go away and be friendly with someone else now, animal."
Jinks kept his mouth shut into a thin line as Misty ignored Sora's beeping instead looked at him with a pity me look in her golden eyes. He sighed and brought a hand to the window pressing against it as Misty made a motion to rub the area with her head onto the glass and still giving off her purring vibrations. Jinks frowned as he heard a loud ear shattering meow followed by feeling a cat getting onto his shoulder and cat's face rubbing his ear. He removed his hand to fold his arms ignoring the cat and its friendly behavior who gave off softer purring vibrations.
Jinks frowned as he heard from Sora "Must be the one that Barry dubbed Jinks, odd name."
He exhaled a breath to find his arms restrained by Slayers making him annoyed as the cat was yanked off of his shoulder he spotted was an orange ball of fur being carried away by a Slayer. Jinks formed a glare in response as Slayers placed a blindfold onto his eyes and forced him into a circle, he lost track of direction. Jinks frowned as he was forced to move three steps then stopped followed by the blindfold removed. He found himself still accompanied by the familiar Slayer in the Zesky Asylum's room for the dead to be kept preserved that was in the bottom of the boat. He found the area looked the same to him as the Slayer he glared at jabbed a finger down. He obeyed to look gasping of shock loudly seeing a horizontal cylinder tube containing a familiar male he recognized as Barry asleep inside still clad in his familiar clothes while gripping his cane in his hand. Jinks exhaled a breath and inhaled feeling himself wanting to speak.
He spoke "Barry. Wonder what happened to him."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line while ignoring the creepy voice he used to speak despite the Master in control only to hear a faint chuckle sound from the Slayer. 
He glared at the Slayer as he added "It's not funny."
Jinks got the Slayer giving off a familiar laugh sound before becoming quiet. He looked away towards Barry in the tube only to see himself lying inside with face still displaying the scar. He stiffened seeing himself lying inside with an angry look on his face along with hands fisted off his sides. Jinks stiffened further as the Slayer's form glowed turning into a Sora from the looks. He found himself back into his jail cell contained still chained and shaking sleep from his head as he found a semi circle of Slayers in the room all staring at him. Jinks stiffened from their staring of all showing their faces to him with all blue eyes narrowed in glares he sensed was accusation within them. He kept his mouth shut into a thin line as he felt the urge to will aside the Master obeyed to do it finding the Slayers backing up and walking away from him some seen going into a hidden status. He found Sora again in the room singing away him finding himself hearing her singing's words to his shock.
"Stop resisting Jinks Montreal. Let them help you with your pain of your loss of Katherine." He heard sung over and over from Sora.
It made him annoyed enough to give Sora a glare and spoke despite the Master not in control "Go sing something else instead!"
Jinks looked away as Sora ignored his comment and kept on repeating her words. He felt himself angry shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate. He found his angry mood refused to leave him. Jinks felt his anger rising within him as Sora kept on singing her repeated words. He after finding his mediation refused to help him opened his eyes to glare at Sora with anger running through him. Jinks willed forwards the Master and waved a hand towards Sora mentally ordering her to sleep. He found a Slayer appear hitting the floor appearing to be knocked asleep to his annoyance. Jinks looked away with disgust hitting him as Sora gave up a loud vibration that made his teeth chatter via his skull. He grunted an annoyed sound via the vibration only to find himself knocked unconscious by the vibrations' waves too much for him.

Jinks woke up screaming Katherine's name again as he jerked open his eyes while panting hard for breath. He gasped when his nose smelled something familiar to find a male Slayer was seated in a chair mask covering the head entirely while having an object that appeared to be a cane leaning against the male's leg. Jinks frowned as his nose kept on indicating blood to him to find the chaired Slayer cap a thermos and toss it to him which he caught. He recalled the thermos being known for splashing out contents once it was uncapped held it and waited for the liquid to settle. He frowned finding his familiar senses regarding someone was activated to his confusion despite he not sure why. Jinks frowned as the Slayer made a drinking motion via hand to the mouth part of the mask while jabbing a finger aimed at him. He obeyed to uncap the thermos and forced himself to sip the blood he tasted seemed good to him. Jinks sipped the blood entirely then capped the thermos before setting it aside and leaned back against the padded wall. He found the thermos disappearing from sight he figured was taken by a hidden Slayer as he found himself stared unblinkingly by the chaired Slayer. Jinks felt himself uncomfortable by the staring shifted around fidgeting even shutting his eyes. 
He found the staring got too much for him jerked open his eyes and blurt to his shock "Father."
Jinks looked away feeling disgusted with what he said despite displaying it onto his face as he heard silence from the Slayer. He found Sora resumed her singing beeping sounding in the room loudly that got louder and louder to his annoyance. Jinks found himself floating above a body as if drawn to see with shock it was himself lying in a hospital bed while wearing an oxygen mask covering his nose and mouth. He frowned at the vision of himself to see a hand looking familiar come into view to grip his left hand in a gentle grip while seeing nothing of the hand's owner. Jinks blinked his eyes of the vision away to frown finding the familiar chaired Slayer was still there staring at him but this time had a book in his hands and appeared to be reading it. He eyed the book warily he discovered looked old and familiar to him with alien language on the cover. I wound up focusing onto the alien language to recognize the language as the language Nightwalker had me write my original Builder’s Journal in it. I was really disgusted with the language passed down despite it appearing to be nothing but circular designs. I found the language I used to write this journalistic notes down was original Human language but not sure of the name. I wound up focusing onto Jinks as if drawn and compelled by the Meritanian insisting on it.

 Jinks focused onto the alien language as if drawn to find the letters glow forming his familiar scarred mark to his shock as he felt pain hitting his face to groan loudly. He felt his eyes remained locked onto the book as if drawn as the pain kept on hitting him till he felt something cool against his face that felt like a hand to him rubbing the area. He sighed softly from the hand's rubbing to groan as the pain went away. Jinks looked around focusing his eyes to find Sora was the hand's owner rubbing his head she having a pity expression on her face. 
He grunted yanking his head away from her hand and snarled loudly "Don't touch me!"
Jinks glared at Sora who went to float away from him as he found the familiar chaired Slayer was still in his chair but this time was reading a smaller book via one hand. 
He gave the Slayer a glare only to hear "Your greatest wish? Don't you want it?"
Jinks gave the Slayer a glare hearing the male's voice blaring in his mind as he snarled "Get out of my mind now!"
He looked away only to hear the familiar Slayer's voice repeats over and over in his mind. 
Jinks snarled loudly "I want my nightmares of Katherine's death out of my mind."
He gulped with shock recognizing what he said as he shifted to stare at his feet. 
He didn't comment a response as he heard again "What have you learned from the nightmares hmm?"
Jinks groaned softly as he found himself lulled to sleep shut his eyes while grimacing recalling that he'll always dream Katherine's death as a nightmarish dream. He found his hunch correct this time only to scream out words that shocked him when he woke up in a fast move. 
Jinks gasped of shock hearing himself screaming out "Father help me!"
He found himself repeating the words as he stared at the sitting Slayer he finding the male this time didn't have a book in hand.
Jinks heard from the Slayer in response "Help yourself. Acknowledge what you haven't been acknowledging."
He leaned back to stare at the Slayer in response only to recall a memory as if compelled within his mind it was of his denial regarding accepting his nightmares of Katherine dying in front of him. He recalled as if compelled that he spent an accounted number of time contained in the gym room of his residence ignoring anything around him while crying tears on and off. Jinks recalled what happened next was White Shadow appeared to him via a vision accompanied with the white tiger Misty next to the male.
Jinks shut his eyes forcing himself to recall what White Shadow had said to him "My servant why are you crying as if your heart is breaking?"
He exhaled a breath recalling he had gone to White Shadow to put hands onto the male's robed form and wailed "Make it stop. Make the nightmares of Katherine dying in front of me stop within my mind now. I can't make it go away. I want it to go away. I can't sleep without nightmarish dreams of her dying in front of me."
Jinks opened his eyes as he recalled what happened next was White Shadow's form became ghostly followed by the male heard speaking "I'll make it stop with a price tag."
He recalled what he said "I'll do anything to pay the price. Just as long as you make it stop now."
Jinks recalled it involved his form shifted into slightly a blood drinker despite still able to eat regular Human food. He focused with his eyes to find himself surrounded by Slayers still baring their faces aimed at him some appearing to have a look in their eyes, creeping him out, while sensing some had pity within their expressions. He squirmed underneath their narrowed eyed look as he recalled that White Shadow took control of his body despite displaying a black robed look on his body form. He continued to recall further that Misty wound up disappearing in a light show she giving off a growl sounding of terror to him. 
Jinks kept on fidgeting till he heard "Leave him alone now. He knows what he's done."
He exhaled a breath finding himself relieved to hear Sora's voice as the Slayers faded from eyesight. Jinks found Sora still singing her familiar comment he looked away towards the wall. He felt a hand touching his scarred cheek to gasp looking at Sora rubbing the area including removing her hand to touch the top of his head. Jinks sighed and allowed Sora to touch him who appeared to be curious enough to want to touch his face all over. He ignored Sora's touch as she touched his hand that was on his lap. He frowned as Sora gave his hand a gentle squeeze movement that seemed familiar to him before releasing it to float away with wings not indicating of flapping. Jinks wound up frowned staring at Sora as if drawn, to eye her face, finding she was forming a thoughtful expression while still giving off her familiar beeping noises he feeling relieved to not able to translate. Jinks kept on staring at Sora who ignored him staring at her. He found Sora's form shift into a familiar female to his shock he recognized as Katherine. 
He spoke "Katherine?"
Jinks eyed Katherine whose form became solid to his shock without the Sora form to land at his feet him feeling the bite of the chains holding him into a sitting position despite his efforts to stand up. Jinks frowned while eyeing Katherine who had a sad look on her face with tears spilling from her eyes.
He spoke again "Katherine I'm sorry I couldn't save you. I wish I could have. I loved you too much to let you die in front of me. Hence I always have those nightmares of you dying in front of me. It's me in denial that I should be accepting your death when I'm having a hard time doing it."
Jinks got nothing from Katherine but her robe disappearing from her form followed by her kneeling while holding out a hand and she speaking "Jinks."
He eyed Katherine despite chained as she he saw was in a boat being taken away by the sea. He found Katherine crying as the ocean pulled her away from him. 
He smelled ocean salt air and spoke loudly "Katherine! I love you! Don't forget that I love you! For I always will!"
Jinks found an ocean wave struck the boat knocking Katherine into the water he kept on repeating his words over and over despite forcing himself to remain on the beach staring at the ocean taking her under. Jinks found darkness overtaking him in response despite he always dreamed of saving Katherine from death within his mind this time he didn't do the saving. Jinks came to feeling a purring vibration that felt too big and loud to be a cat. He groaned softly from the noises while shaking his head as he felt the purring become softer and softer. Jinks frowned finding himself lying on a bed from the feel including an oxygen mask covering his mouth and nose. He felt a hand gripping his right hand in a familiar grip. Jinks frowned jerking open his eyes to find the hand's owner was Barry with all black eyes that gave him a familiar glare he gulped seeing. He spoke the contents of his dream entirely including his words and included the memory of White Shadow taking his body to inhibit.

I figured from the memory that Sadness aka Jinks Montreal’s clone was permanently put down deposed and another clone of Jinks was replaced him. I wasn’t sure which clone that was hooked up as a battery in the Mars’ planet’s machines. I wound up figuring out that memory by seeing Jinks had a marking of a Kang on his cheek instead of his familiar scar mark. I focused onto Jinks the new version via mind.
 
Jinks frowned while staring at Barry warily who spoke in his familiar voice "There's one matter of a certain individual that must be removed on a permanent basis with death happening."
Jinks gulped hearing Barry's words finding the male removed his hand out of his hand's grip to gently rub his forehead. He sighed from the touch finding Barry's mouth was in a somewhat smiley look he recognized from the male. 
Jinks sighed and didn't comment a response as Barry added "So good to see you again Jinks."
He sighed loudly and didn't protest as he felt cat paws onto his legs to find a cat settling onto his front giving off purring vibrations that seemed loud to him. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke again "The inhibiting by White Shadow left a side effect within you. It involves you able to hear well than normal, as the Fishla call our species, Earthari can hear."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as he found Barry was whispering his words as the cat's purring got louder. 
He sighed again and shut his eyes he figuring to himself "I might as well sleep since I need it."
Jinks passed out unconscious to come to hearing Sora's familiar beeping noises. He jerked open his eyes with shock to find Sora floating above him lying in bed while the cat was felt off his front. He frowned while eyeing Sora who rubbed a hand onto his forehead he sighed allowing her to touch. Her touch he felt, felt realistic like a Human hand but seemed warm and softly smoothed skinned. 
Jinks didn't say a word in response as Sora beeped him finding himself able to translate within him "You were tested and it appears you hear more than a normal Earthari does. You seem to have the hearing of a Souler as they refer themselves instead of Slayer as you call them."
Jinks sighed and felt his ears he finding nothing in them and didn't comment a response as Sora forced his eyes shut him hearing her order him to sleep.
Jinks obeyed to pass out unconscious coming to hearing a baby crying noise loudly. He jerked open his eyes finding himself lying in an odd room that seemed not familiar to him. He looked around discovering himself lying on a mattress bed with a blanket up to his form. He felt his familiar clothes of karate uniform were gone from him and this time he was wearing something unfamiliar. Jinks found his gloves were still covering his hands to his relief. He sat up adjusting the blanket to take a look at himself as he heard a faint alarm sound. He sighed and felt his ears feeling for any devices only to find them empty. Jinks groaned softly him hearing his groan sounding loud to him.
He thought to himself "Ah well I guess I better get used to this."
He heard nothing in response to his thinking explored the room to find a bathroom with a full length mirror on the wall. Jinks eyed himself discovering he was clad in Fishla's Leadership clothes he shocked to know what it was, which was considered black pants, black shoes and a brown top with black stripe on it including a broach on his left he examined. Jinks frowned hearing the sound of a door opening along with an Hmph sound. He left the bathroom to find a female wearing getup that considered of some grey nurse's uniform that spoke loudly he forcing himself to avoid grimacing from the loudness of her voice.
He heard "Alright get out of here, Mister Leader. Leaders Lave and the kids are waiting for you in the hallway outside medical bay."
Jinks frowned but walked passed the nurse he hearing a good riddance comment to his annoyance. He frowned but easily found the medical bay's entrance to find a Souler he figured he'll refer them standing outside in the hallway that gave him a salute of respects. Jinks frowned but walked out to meet a male Fishla with a head appearing to look like a humanoid fish despite Human blue eyes that looked him up and down him hearing a sound of throat clearing noises from the male. 
Jinks spoke "Your Leader Lave as referred? Where are the kids the nurse referred to?"
He frowned as felt a foot stomp onto his foot in an angry move to look down seeing two Earthari he figured he'll refer the Humans standing below his height and appeared to be on the short side both giving him all black eyed glares. Jinks sensed the Master in control willed it aside and again heard Leader Lave's familiar throat clearing noises. 
He spoke firmly while eyeing Leader Lave he found the male was taller than him appearing to be Tom's height "I have too many names said to me in my face as my identity but one name I prefer above all is Jinks. Don't give me jokes on it rhyming with inks or inky. I hate that and I always threw a hissy fit enough to react violently with my fists."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line while eyeing Leader Lave he forced to look up towards the male him finding himself not afraid as usual. 
Jinks frowned as Leader Lave spoke "You're whispering your words Jinks."
He heard the firmness of Leader Lave's voice spoke firmly "My hearing I'm told isn't normal Earthari hearing standards. Instead it's better than any normal Earthari unless that's bragging."
Jinks clamped his mouth shut into a thin line while eyeing Leader Lave who spoke "Nevertheless come with me while I show you around here the place Annoyov Barack Station."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as he wordlessly followed Leader Lave sensing the two kids he figured were leaders too taking up the rear. 
Jinks mentally thought to himself as he followed Leader Lave "This is going to be interesting."

Tom, as compelled wound up focused onto him reading the story of Jinks on file, cut himself off from speaking further of the story while eyeing Keeper who had her familiar calculating look in her eyes. The look made him nervous to his annoyance. 
He glared at Keeper who spoke “Well Jon what do you have to say hmm?”
I frowned as there were rumbling sounds of metallic machinery rumbling underfoot. I frowned to look at the floor as if drawn to find an opening in front of the console followed by a gun object came out in a fast speed move firing a laser aimed at Keeper who faded from view while hearing faint whining squeal sounds. I found Tom, himself alone in the room while sensing via senses the Highlanders were in hidden states hiding in the room. I saw Tom looked around as if confused to keep on tracking the Highlander’s movements while eyeing the gun weapon warily. Tom kept on eyeing the gun weapon to find it sink back into the hole in the wall followed by shutting itself over it. 
He spoke firmly “Just quit this war battle and get along now!”
Tom found the console again blinking indicating another file in it which he opened via hand onto the screen. 
He found Keeper’s voice blaring in his ear loudly despite not seeing her “Just read the file now!”
Tom obeyed despite using sarcasm in his voice tone ignored by the mysterious Jon and the Highlanders. This time indicated that the battery was a clone of Jinks Montreal transported off the planet of many names to Mars via Meritanian means. I also figured that Jinks and the Highlanders were fighting a hissy fight on something I wasn’t sure what. I wound up figuring that the Highlanders were trying to get Jinks to acknowledge his identity as Jinks Montreal despite him thinking of using another identity as Jon something else. It was what I could think of at the time. I wound up focusing onto someone else in Jinks’ circle from the Annoyov Barack Station. This time appeared to be a male looking hairy all over while having vampires biting him all over omitting the privates. I found the hairy male was disgusting to the looks of him making me annoyed to see. I also noticed the hairy male had an appearance of a Human glimpsed via ears seen via the vampires sucking onto his neck. I kept on watching via mind the memory as if drawn not sure of what the hairy male’s name despite the name of Terror hitting me repeatedly.
I heard the hairy male grunted as I heard a loud whistle blast of Jinks’ voice whistling. I found the vampires appearing to be pointy eared Highlanders with fanged teeth, giving off snickering sounds in response followed by licking the bite wounds then disappeared from hairy male’s eyesight. I found the familiar glowing sign on the wall gone. Hairy male appeared to be Human with a hairy face, shook his head of dizziness to wobble only to feel hands strong grabbed his arm in an ironclad grip. Terror, I figured was his name, as he struggled with the hands' owner, despite memory of bird head men grabbing his arms and with blurry speed, got him into the garden to be dumped onto Tom and his people flashed in his mind. 
"Stop that now! You're bound to make your wounds open if you struggle. I got to get you to medical bay for you to sleep this off. So come with me since you're too drunk to walk." I heard from the voice sounding familiar to Terror in an angry voice tone. 
The voice sounded of Jinks’ voice to me. Terror frowned at the words and angry voice tone, but obeyed feeling himself not resisting to being pulled in the hallway. He sighed, shutting his eyes and forced himself to be blind due to dizziness. He didn't comment a response as the voice's owner got him into medical bay he grimacing from the siren sounds sounding loudly to indicate new visitor arriving. Terror jerked opened his eyes as he felt a hand patting his cheek as the sirens quit. He eyed the hand's owner was belonging to a male appearing to be Human, with a Kang scar on his cheek in some faded method, while wearing an uniform of a Leader, including with the familiar watery broach included. 
He frowned as the male a Leader, I recognized as Jinks via clone status put onto the station to spy for the High Council, held up his hand and spoke "So tell me how many fingers up do I have hmm?"
Terror obeyed to raise his hand he feeling his dizziness overtaking him and slumped into a kneeling pose. He found the Leader with great strength shocking him got him up to stand followed by pulling him further into medical bay. 
He groaned from his knees itching to kneel as the Leader got him onto the floor and thrust his eyes shut while speaking loudly "Just go to sleep now. You need it."
Terror obeyed surrendering to the urge to sleep which he passed out unconscious and I wound up focusing onto Jinks as if drawn. Jinks, I saw, stood standing over the male clad in furry skin clothes, he saw, appeared to be like second skin to him but were easily removed off him like cloths. He discovered Tennans as Leader Lave warned him, dropping from above and growling angrily who adjusted the male's clothes covering him fully before making their shooing gestures. He sighed and went to the Commander lying on the floor covered with a blanket in the hallway, to find a Gate Destroyer appear in sight blocking his way while giving him a golden eyed glare and jabbing a finger in the direction of the medical bay's entrance. He sighed as he cocked his head and forced himself to listen to the Commander's heartbeat. He heard it beating strongly along with a rapid fired beating sound he figured was from the baby growing inside her. Jinks got a gentle push from the Gate Destroyer distracting him which he walked away in response and without a word went to the entrance to medical bay walking out, only to find the familiar two Leaders, that always creeping him out seeing them, standing in the hallway with arms folded and glares on their faces. 
Jinks exhaled a breath recognizing the glares they gave him were spoken for "You did something wrong so admit it."
He sighed and moved his hands in the female's dubbing herself T'La's hand language "Alright Alexa I guess is her name got wind that I was controlling the Nightwalkers living here. She made a deal with me on having Nightwalkers get free eats which is free blood via donations if I direct them to suck on victims who she approves of it. She wanted the Nightwalkers to suck this guy dubbing himself Terror unsure of why he's called that. Not too much sucking just enough to make him fall asleep for awhile. She's still mad that the Commander is stuck in her offspring production that she blames Terror for the cause making it seem he's the father of her offspring."
He frowned forming a frown with his lips once he done signing to get from T'La cocking her head in some gesture that said "You're hiding something so admit it."
Jinks groaned softly seeing that the two weren't budging on getting him to admit what they wanted him to admit. He raised his hands to sign only to feel a glowed hand clamp over them he saw belonged to a Souler who shook his head in some Human no gesture. Jinks frowned while eyeing T'La to see her stomp her foot in response followed by D'Clan her declared brother looking nervous. He sighed as the Souler removed his hand and resumed position in the hallway. 
He eyed D'Clan as he recalled that T'La's foot stomp was spoken for "Quit scaring me."
Jinks frowned while eyeing brother and sister as D'Clan jabbed a finger aimed at him making him nervous while giving him a glare and got from the young male "Whatever secret you have don't expect to keep them hidden. We'll find out period."
I figured the Annoyov Barack Station was a source of secrets and source of secrets found out instantly humiliating people. Jinks frowned as T'La with D'Clan without a word walked away the sister had arms folded and looking disgusted by the expression on her face when she glanced his way. He felt the familiar pawing onto his back he recognized was from the hidden Nightwalkers trying to calm him down from an angry upset mood. Jinks exhaled a breath and folded his arms while forcing himself to be calm from the pawing of the Nightwalker pawing his back till he looked to find a Souler was doing it to his shock. He exhaled a breath while frowning staring at the Souler walked away fading from sight. Jinks frowned but didn't comment a response as he eyed the remaining Souler warily.
He heard blared in his mind "Some of your people are serving us, Leader."
He exhaled a breath and got a gesture to move, by the Souler he stared at gesturing via sword. 
Jinks without a word walked away thinking to himself "This is getting weirder and weirder."
Jinks heard nothing in answer to his words instead figured to himself "Eh? It's just a secret I'll have to learn on my own."
He walked away into the hallway meeting T’La and D’Clan both in a rapid fire sign language chat he breezed by them they giving him glares in response pausing their chats. He ignored them and walked away only to feel a compulsion to go into a direction which he obeyed finding himself led to the Command Center. Jinks found Leader Lave in the room appearing to be in the middle of directing operations of the station he stood in the doorway with arms folded. He kept his mouth shut as Leader Lave seemed haggard to him while still directing Earthari. 
Jinks frowned as he walked into the room to pay attention to Leader Lave's orders he figured to himself "I might as well see if I can help him out."
He found Leader Lave accepting his takeover to find the Fishla sitting down into a chair and appeared to be snoozing away which he kept up the ordering firmly letting the male sleep as long as he wanted-

“Inky binky” I heard sounding of Keeper’s voice interrupting Tom’s reading of the story to my annoyance.
I figured from the wording that Keeper used that the Highlanders were fighting with a battery aka clone of Jinks Montreal himself hence the words used. I wound up feeling disgusted at the time hearing that. 
I thought to myself despite Zerra felt mind scanning me “Can’t they get along instead of fighting with each other?”
I heard snickering like laughter from Zerra in response to mentally yell “Your amused by this fighting aren’t you Zerra?!”
Zerra in response didn’t answer my question instead kept up the snickering then became silent which I felt my mind scanned again to focus onto Tom. 
Tom via mind memory of him again felt the familiar rumbling of a gun weapon popping out to find the thing was out and shaking as if trying to find a target. It made me disgusted enough to sound that while seeing Tom echo my disgust and saw him folding his arms.  
Tom glared at the gun weapon in response as Keeper’s voice was heard “Just speak more of the story’s file now!”
He looked down onto the computer file recognizing the language as Human and obeyed. The story this time focused onto Terror via memories of Terror filling my mind and manipulation of Zerra still snickering in my mind to my disgust.

Terror frowned as he walked around a tree to find two females in an apparent lip lock not noticing him while noticing one female wasn't Yana Renova, the Commander to his confusion. He found one female was Alexa from the looks of her but the other female appeared to have a masculine appearance despite long hair making him do a double take look. Terror felt annoyance take hold finding Alexa was kissing a male with long hair while dressed in a Leader's uniform both not paying attentions to them being spied on. He kept his mouth shut with a glare in response as Alexa broke off the kiss to the male Leader not protesting to it. He found the Leader was Jinks from the looks of it as Alexa wiped her mouth via her sleeve and appeared to look like she was upset. 
Terror frowned while eyeing Jinks to hear from the male as he kneeled in front of Alexa "I submit to your authority mating wise."
He heard Jinks' voice spoken firmly and noticed the male was eyeing Alexa in the eyes.
Terror found the drones gesturing him to go which he obeyed to walk away hearing sobbing sounds loudly in Alexa's voice tone as he heard "I've waited too long for a male to say that to me!"
I wound up focusing onto Alexa and Jinks hidden in the bushes in the middle of a mating ritual with the male lying still and not doing anything instead was staring at the sky with a blank expression on his face. Alexa from the looks of her was finding she had managed to bare Jinks' sensitive part and chest and was in the process of licking the male's nipples from the looks of it. Jinks didn't give a response instead remained staring at the sky unblinkingly with form still. I figured it involved him allowing females to have their way with him to get over being hurt by males in a mating way. I wasn’t able to focus onto the scene further by Zerra again manipulating me to view something else. Tom found the console in front of him blinking out as he heard a buzz sound from the gun weapon to find there was a laser firing onto the console that was blinking. 
He quit his storytelling to snarl loudly “Cut the joke and get to the point now!”
Tom heard from Keeper in response “Forgiveness? Confess your crime!”
He got another blast from the gun firing onto the console in response as he spoke loudly “Cut the jokey status and get to the point of this war now!”
Tom glared at the gun finding the weapon going back into its hidden status to focus onto the console finding it stopped blinking. He found a file flickering in its place which he opened and found the language was again in Human language.
Tom, overheard spoke the contents of the file as ordered by Keeper hissing to him to read it
“Terror saw Keeper looking up to give him a glare of accusation as he spoke his familiar line again and then blurt ‘I don't want to know what secret you tell me. I'm not a library. Excuse me.’
Terror made a motion to leave only to hear ‘Wait! I want to talk to you!’
He stared at Keeper with a frown finding herself kneeling and crying tears while rocking her form back and forth. Terror frowned but kept his mouth shut to look for Jinks finding the male walking into sight that made a shooing gesture towards him. Terror jabbed a finger aimed at Jinks and spoke his line despite Keeper quiet with her sobbing. Jinks sighed as he felt himself compelled to remain standing while folding him arms and giving Keeper a glare. Keeper found Jinks without a word went to her to squat limber style twin to Yana's and gently put a hand onto her shoulder she quit crying to wipe her eyes with her sleeve. 
Jinks spoke once Keeper was quiet "I have a female offspring born out of a forced mating ritual I did to a female. Her Mother had a male who had beliefs on who raises the offspring which was forced onto me. I don't regret my daughter coming to existence. I do regret the way I did towards her mother when I used her for mating urges. It was she who told me after it was obvious I wasn't doing anything for my mating urges, just bottling them inside actually, that I was to allow myself be used for females to get over a forced mating done onto them via males. I have been doing that faithfully as a result of getting my mating urges satisfied. I do tend to recognize females that need this help like I recognized from you hence I submitting to this. My daughter in question once fully grown, hasn't been upset about how she came to existence instead has been very understanding of my purposes towards females who are hurt by males in a mating way, something I work to help them overcome.”
I exhaled a breath from memory of Tom’s reading to see via Tom finding the screen again blinking in response cutting him off from speaking as the gun weapon was again firing onto it. 
He spoke loudly “Cut out this ridiculous war you both seem to be having and get to the point of this for peace’s sakes!”
Tom glared at the gun that stopped firing followed by the screen resumed a file which he opened finding again Human language in it which he wound up speaking out loud its contents. 
Terror exhaled a breath but remained silent as Jinks without a word straightened up his form and got from the male in response “I already have a female I considered mine who's not in existence at the moment but in my mind and heart. I wait for the day when I can join her but as long as I have a purpose of living I live for her. I refused to take any female in her place or pair myself up to any female unless it's for helping her overcome her problems of mating via male.”
Terror frowned finding Keeper appeared to be calmer but was avoiding looking at Jinks who without a word walked away he found the male walked out of sight he finding a light show flashing behind a tree.  He ignored the Queen's silence to continue on walking into the forest only to look down as if drawn to find the ground turn into metallic looks to his annoyance. Terror found his arms restrained by clawed hands he found belonged to the familiar bird head males who kept their holds ironclad. He found himself in the presence of Tom standing nearby displaying his bony look dubbed Berserker, he grimaced seeing. Terror kept the glare on his face as he shifted to look around the room finding himself in presence of the Meritanians' Highlanders as spoken by them. 
He kept the glare in response as the male speaker on the steps spoke "What? He looks ridiculous for a First One."
Terror kept his mouth shut in response while glaring at the Highlanders behind the speakers he figured had spoken their insulting words. He kept the glare as Tom he saw turned around and waved a bony hand in the Highlanders' direction before fisting the hand. 
Terror frowned finding Tom shifted to resume looking in his direction as he heard "Alright whatever! Where's Horus anyway?"
He frowned hearing the sarcasm of the male speaker's voice to blink his eyes from a light show nearby him to find Jinks was standing there with disgust sense from the male via the expression on his face. He ignored the speakers to focus onto Jinks he figured was Horus as dubbed by the Highlanders. 
Terror frowned as he focused onto the speakers finding the female was speaking "Explain yourself Horus with your obsession of acquiring an All Seeing One! The Meritanians made it clear that they don't want us to have one in our possession so talk now Horus!"
Terror spoke his familiar line in response he hearing Ugh spoken from both speakers to find Jinks speaking in response "It wasn't me but White Shadow as he calls himself's obsession in acquiring back his companion pet a gonoid dubbed Misty which in First One's terms is dubbed albino tiger. He loved that tiger too much to do anything to get her back in his possession. That's what I was trying to say during lucidity moments of control. He didn't give a damn about the Nightwalkers or leading them anymore. All he cared was that Misty back into his possession. Hence this ridiculous war done between him and the ones who got Misty in their possession the Soulers as their referred now instead of Slayer. He forgot the actual reason why he had Misty in their care was because she was quarantined like any gonoids that arrived off planet for a time frame. It's to make sure their not carrying sicknesses that could spread to manoids or gonoids. Something the Fishla reasoned when they built the station included others on planetary worlds was to avoid species extinction by sicknesses. Something their germ phobic about including related to gonoids coming off planet. It's something the restless natives of the station took up and have been paying the Soulers' home vessel money to quarantine their gonoids and their people before joining the population planet bound."
Terror frowned hearing that from Jinks to find the male got restrained by Tom in a fast move. He kept his mouth shut in a thin line while eyeing the High Council he figured were the robed Highlanders warily. He frowned inwardly as the bird males adjusted their holds onto his arms to make him stand up straighter. 
He wound up hearing the words "Falcons, not bird males."
He exhaled a breath keeping his mouth shut as the High Council appeared to go into a head wagging hand waving movement behind the speakers while noticing their heads were bowed. He frowned further as Jinks was sensed silent. 
Terror frowned as the male speaker appeared to glance his direction before bowing his head he hearing "I'm called Shad for I speak for the males of the High Council."
Terror heard from the female speaker seeing her glance up towards him before bowing her head echoing Shad's words but this time used the name of Onya. Terror frowned but didn't comment a response as the High Council behind them went into a discussion he figured what they were doing seemingly lengthy. 
He frowned fully on his lips as Shad raised his head along with Onya doing the same and heard from the male speaker "Anyway Meritanians, transport this All Seeing One back to his residence now. Our business with him is done."
I wound up focused onto the image in my mind I saw was of Jinks standing in the High Council's presence still restrained by Tom. I frowned as Jinks still had his face into a glaring stare aimed at the High Council's direction. I kept on watching as if compelled despite having the images in my mind while I was busy writing it down blindly. Jinks stood with a glare on his face him not commenting a word towards the High Council in a lengthy discussion behind the speakers. He noticed the speakers kept glancing up to stare at him before bowing their heads on and off. He felt annoyance take hold finding the High Council was in a lengthy discussion. Jinks kept his mouth shut into a thin line as he heard the Master roaring within the back of his mind. He felt the Master itching to take control ignored the sensation as Tom's bony hands were felt squeezing in a gentle move before releasing the squeezes. He kept his mouth shut further and waited as the High Council quit the discussion followed by Shad and Onya raising their heads.
Jinks waited as Shad spoke "Anyhow what course of action do you recommended be done onto Horus by the Airens as they call themselves now, Mindbender?"
He kept his mouth shut despite feeling angry but forced himself to be calm as Tom's bony hands became more flesh from the feel followed by hearing from the male still restraining him "They don't give a bloody suck about Horus. Just as long as their fed and satisfied from the feeding of receiving the sacred drink they want. Excuse my words but I'm speaking their mind's language at the moment. Their listening and expect me to speak in their fashion of words as a price tag for leading them. They expect me to lead them without questioning their motives."
Jinks frowned to feel Tom's hands resume the bony style as he kept his mouth into a thin line and waited as one speaker spoke "What do you have to say about the possession stunt by this White Shadow?"
He spoke firmly "I'm a fool who's foolish enough to let something simple as bad dreams cause me to allow White Shadow to possessive me in order to get those bad dreams to stop. I already paid my price for having that possession stunt done onto me. My hearing via my ears wound up more advanced than an Earthari another word for First One as the natives off planet now call the species I am. Its hell trying to avoid hearing what I'm not supposed to hear. Besides the Airens as they want to be called have insisted that I control them in their bloody sucking ways as Tom says while their among the natives on the Fishla's station dubbed Annoyov Barack Station, unsure of the name involving Annoyov."
He clamped his mouth shut to find the High Council going into discussion only to hear from Tom loudly "Horus is telling the truth on what the Airens want while their among the natives of the Annoyov Barack station. The Airens here specifically requested me to help with their bloody sucking feelings towards you and whoever here. I'm not at liberty to say if it's involved with leadership. Instead they asked. I do what I can."
Jinks frowned feeling Tom's hands resumed the bony look. 
He gave the High Council a glare only to hear blared "Excuse me for interrupting but can I transport Horus now? The Airens have gotten restless without Horus's presence on the station enough to want to lash out in angry terms. They appear to detect Horus gone from the station and are in process of throwing a hissy fit. Don't ask me why I said that."
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Ramses' blaring voice sounding in his mind as he eyed the High Council to find Tom's hands off his arms followed by finding himself in a hallway where there was a familiar signed mark of the Nightwalkers glowing on the wall. He sighed as he heard hissing sounds to groan softly and folded his arms waiting for the Airens, as they called themselves to instead of accepting the Nightwalker name to check him all over. Jinks ignored the Airens felt via hidden status sniffing him all over not sparing his privates. He kept his arms folded waiting with his mood bad again as the Airens quit their sniffing followed by forcing him to sit down by hands pressing onto his shoulders. He allowed them to make him sit which he obeyed and didn't protest as he felt his back leaned against the wall and found Airens appearing with soft whining squeals counting about four of them. He figured to himself that the four Airens were the bravest of the Airens to live in the station with him as the four proceeded to use his legs as a pillow and fell asleep. 
Jinks heard blared in his mind "Nighty night, Horus."
He sighed hearing Merra's familiar voice sounding in his mind didn't protest as Jinks was sensed falling asleep. Once again the console blinked interrupting Tom’s speaking the story to my disgust. 
Tom heard spoke loudly “Cut it out now!”
Tom found the console quit blinking as he added “I’m just speaking what’s on the screen file wise. Quit blaming me for this jokey status of what I’m saying around here.”
He formed a glare and folded his arms only to hear Keeper’s familiar hissing comment “Just read the file now!”
Tom obeyed despite disgusted with the scene of this mysterious Jon fighting with the Highlanders. I figured from the reading was the Highlanders were using Tom to read files to them for nosily statuses while the battery was trying to stop it from happening. I wasn’t sure of the war or the exact reason for the Highlanders’ nosiness. I figured it involved something else involving to take out the battery Jinks himself. I wound up via Zerra focused onto something else this time.
Terror frowned but walked out to go towards Jinks who spoke in a loud whisper "Greetings brother Terror. I see you met my Father and yours as well."
He exhaled a breath to give a head bob Fishla style Yana gave him to hear from Jinks in response still using the loud whisper "Come along now. The Airens aren't in a feeding mood onto you. I have forbidden them to feed off natives wandering around the Trading Center as its dubbed and directed them to Medical Bay for free eats."
Terror sighed and wordlessly followed Jinks despite still giving off his familiar line and he yelling loudly repeatedly towards the natives "Oh for crying out loud! I don't want to know your secret! I'm not a library for secrets to be kept!"
He repeated his words over and over ignored by Jinks following the male to the garden finding the blast doors open and sun shining. He cut himself off once Jinks got them both into the garden walking on a path he finding himself not inclined to speak more of his familiar line and grumpy yelling words. Terror frowned as Jinks walked on the path next to him he silently glancing at the male and at the path's ground of small stones. He frowned as a drone a lowest of the low came into view from the bushes to go up towards Jinks to rub the male's leg with her body in some cat like behavior while purring loudly. Terror sighed as Jinks halted the walk to eye the drone he eyed in response to find her going up to him and grabbing his pant leg with a claw and yanking it into a direction while seeing her head gesture him to follow.
He sighed and spoke towards Jinks "Be seeing you around, Jinks."
Terror heard from Jinks in response as he made a move to walk "There's four Airens living on the station and no more than that that I'm controlling. The others about five of them got too nervous to live among the natives and escaped via garden. I warn you I haven't heard a peep from those five Airens or anything involving them feeding onto the people walking around here. Medical Bay claims that they haven't received any patients that needs blood from the garden or any Airens from there. Sorry just be warned on what I said. Besides the four Airens haven't said anything regarding the five Airens hiding anywhere in the garden. 
Instead only said 'Gone home.'
Sorry not a liberty to say what it means due to a Souler sticking his sword at my neck."
He found a Souler appearing from hidden status with sword onto Jinks' neck finding the male's eyes turning all black looking as he spoke his familiar line again. He got from Jinks in response as the Souler removed the sword and hand whacked the male on the back of the head the male removing his creepy black eyed look and displaying Human blue eyes. 
"I was possessive by some spirit dubbing himself White Shadow that picked a fight with the Soulers and their home residence sea vessel. It was on something ridiculous involving a gonoid or animal as you say it being in the Soulers' possession they refused to give up due to quarantine it. White Shadow was so stupid didn't get it the quarantine business instead picked a fight with the Soulers and brought the Airens in the process." He got from Jinks speaking firmly.
Terror frowned but kept his mouth shut as Jinks added giving the Souler a glare "White Shadow made a mistake on getting Terror here, involved not realizing that he had this ability to make people speak secrets. Terror from what I'm told got White Shadow to reveal the reason for this ridiculous fight between Airens and Soulers. The Airens' I'm told didn't take the reason kindly instead wound up removing White Shadow on a permanent basis. He's no longer inhibiting me or whoever but he left me a gift of hearing advanced than a normal Earthari can hear, hence I whispering my words."
Terror frowned further as Jinks shifted to glare at the Souler he noticed the male was displaying his familiar creepy black eyed look and appeared to be angry to him. 
He heard the Queen singing in her familiar tone indicating speak for "Peace not War!"
Terror inhaled a breath finding the Souler was appearing to step back swinging his sword aimed at Jinks. He using super blurring speed got between the both of them to grab the Souler's arm holding the sword and placed a hand onto Jinks' front while giving off loud ahem sounds. He gave them both a glare noticing the Souler put away his sword followed by giving Jinks a glare who removed the black eyed look. 
Terror spoke firmly "This is the Annoyov Barack Station, a place of peace not for actions of war."
He found the Souler and Jinks each making a step back as he removed his hands' from both males to fold his arms while giving them both glares. He saw Jinks appeared to be nervous from his glare while noticing another Souler appear with face seen he recognized as his son Long Lived One with a look of concern on his face. He looked at Jinks to find the male had folded his arms and had head bowed he glimpsed his eyes shut while spotting Airens coming out of the bushes. He counted five of them and found the Airens looking nervous by the expressions on their faces as they went to Jinks and appeared to be feeling the male all over with their clawed hands. Terror sighed and waited for both parties to calm down from their angry attitudes while remaining still between them. He kept on giving them glares finding his son had managed to force the warring Souler's mask to bare his face. 
He frowned as his son got the warring Souler to look at him while making gestures with his hand indicating hand speak for "Look at me now."
Terror looked away towards Jinks finding the Airens kept their touchy feely touch all over the male and appeared to focus their attention onto his brother who remained still with arms folded and head bowed. Jinks felt the Airens rubbing him all over while he stood in the garden. He forced himself to mediate counting the Airens and their hands counted five of them to figure that they were the ones hiding in the garden. Jinks didn't protest to the Airens feeling him all over not sparing his sensitive parts while sensing that they were nervously upset about something by how their hands, claws kneaded him. Jinks heard growls sounding in Souler terms he ignored as he felt the Airens silently kneaded him he hearing their breathing coming out of short breaths that told him they were nervous for him. He sighed and concentrated onto his hearing to hear rumbling growls of a Souler's breathing he not sure what it meant. Jinks forced himself to open his eyes and looked up at the Soulers with a glare. He found one with Human black eyes shooed him away with a hand towards him and kept making a look at me sign towards his fellow Souler he sensed was still angry by the growling noise he heard. Jinks didn't comment a response to the shooing as Airens grabbed his arms and hands and without a word with insisting behavior pulled him away. He obeyed to get pulled away allowing the Airens to lead him he forcing himself to breathe hard through his nose despite still feeling angry hitting him. Jinks kept his mouth shut into a thin line as another figure came into view via the bushes and stood. He sighed recognizing Harry, a brother of Barry who was clad in an Earthari uniform that stood with arms folded giving him a familiar glaring stare despite having all black eyes. Jinks groaned sensing the Airens weren't alarmed instead found them pulled him to Harry and halted his walk by holding him in place. 
He found Harry kept the glare as he spoke "Alright I was furiously angry when I said my admittance to Terror and the Souler. I blame Terror for saying that ridiculous line of forgiveness over and over as I led him to the garden. His chanting got me in a bad mood enough to want to react violently hence I almost picking a fight with a Souler."
Jinks frowned as Harry's glare became more glaring by the eyes narrowing. He groaned softly feeling the Airens had managed to hide behind him by their hands onto his back. 
Jinks spoke firmly "Harry, you can't expect me to turn off my hatred towards the Soulers can you?"
He formed a glare as Harry spoke in response "I see that White Shadow got you influenced enough to be furious with the Soulers."
He groaned hearing the sarcasm of Harry's voice tone to speak in response sensing the Airens kneading his back with their hands "White Shadow conversed with me via my mind while I was contained in a box. He kept on ranting about wanting his companion called Misty back some albino tiger from the Soulers' possession. He refused to listen to me yelling at him about quarantines and stuff like that. Instead he decided to pick a fight with them on trying to get Misty back. The Soulers from what I've eavesdropped with my special hearing seemed furious with White Shadow for the war and have blamed me. I was angry when I arrived to the garden. I've gotten the impression that the High Council like the Soulers blames me responsible for this ridiculous war in the first place. Hence I furious with them and the High Council for not getting it that White Shadow was the responsible one."
Tom cut himself off to give off a Hey comment once the screen flickered indicating a gun weapon firing onto it.
He glared at the gun with annoyance and spoke firmly “Cut out the shooting of that weapon now wills you? I’m just reading what’s on file in this stinking computer and nothing else. So quit that gun joke now.”
Tom had to duck when the gun’s laser fired aimed at him in response I figured was the battery’s reaction to Tom’s words. He grunted and resumed straightening up his form while eyeing the gun warily. Tom found the gun in response making movements of trying to track the hidden Highlanders despite sensing them hiding within the room. He found his Rakcaran senses alerting him of the Highlanders hiding in the room and tracked them while eyeing the gun. He found the gun seemed to indicate blindness of not seeing the hidden Highlanders. Tom glared in response with arms folded and waited as he heard Keeper’s familiar hissing comment to glare at the console in response speaking the story.
Jinks came into the quarters speaking "Let me help out with that babysitting job your given regarding your son."
Terror sighed and didn't protest as Jinks instead of really helping him slept onto the couch and ignored his attempts to wake him up during Terran's wailing for food, burping and sleeping. Terror felt his stomach growled during Terran's sleeping periods went to the kitchen unit and took a look around trying to find food for himself. He was interrupted by a hand onto his arm by Jinks awake giving him an all black eyed glare.
Terror spoke "What? I'm hungry, my stomach is growling."
He got Jinks in response making an eye roll as he found his stomach kept on growling followed by the male speaking "When's the last time you used the private room for expelling manners hmm? You're giving off that stink involving it."
Terror sighed and Jinks added "I'll watch Tam-Mykola. Just do something about the smell of you."
He obeyed to make sure he wasn't lengthy in the bathroom for expelling and cleaning himself via the shower stall, with clothes removed. Terror once done walked out to find Terran not in his crib which he darted into the living room to find Jinks on the couch with his son lying asleep on top of the male's front on his back. He sighed and went to Jinks to remove Terran who ignored the removal and remained sleeping, the male rolling over in response. Terror sighed and went to the crib to place Terran inside who gave up a loud wailing noise he figured involving his own personal hygiene from the stink of him. Groaning he proceeded with Jinks' instruction to clean his son and bathed him in the kitchen unit's sink. He sighed once Terran was clean to place his son back into the crib who again wailed loudly. Terror groaned and found Jinks picking up Terran and followed the male carrying him to the couch to sit leaning back with his son sitting on his front and saw the male was rubbing the baby's back. He frowned while eyeing Jinks rubbing Terran's back as he heard humming noises from the male till he found his son conked out.
Terror frowned but didn't comment a response as Jinks spoke while still holding Terran "So what do you know of the word love anyway?"
Terror spoke feeling himself annoyed "Just lovely dopey word for Humans or Earthari to use when declaring mates with someone."
He clamped his mouth shut to see Jinks' eyes turn all black making him nervous followed by the male's creepy voice "Anything else involving parents to offsprings?"
Terror inhaled a breath and spoke "I didn't receive this parent to offspring lovely dopey thing you're asking me about. I haven't gotten the faintest idea what's it's about."
Jinks, he saw, gave him a glare with eyes narrowed followed by speaking "What's going on with your childhood anyway?"
Terror sighed and spoke "I didn't have a childhood. I was born fully grown adult male-"
He cut himself off when he felt steel of a Souler's sword onto his neck along with hearing "That's enough of that talk. The Queen is throwing a hissy fit from what I'm hearing from her."
Terror cleared his throat and spoke noticing Jinks' glare become more glaring "I was born fully grown adult male underneath mysterious circumstances I'm not told what it was. My earliest memory was meeting someone named Ariel and what happened after that, I'm fuzzy on the details. Can't help matters on that."
He clamped his mouth shut while feeling the Souler's sword digging into his neck while eyeing Jinks with a frown who spoke after willing aside the all black eyed look "What did this Ariel teach you regarding parental offspring connection hmm?"
He felt the sword resumed its digging as he spoke firmly "Can't remember much of that. I do admit I can see various images in my mind like an All Seeing One enough to think those images are my memories. It's all over the place. I've given up trusting my mind when it comes to memorizing things. Even sometimes I've dreamed myself as this person or that person's point of view when I'm fallen asleep enough to lose myself to those memories in my mind."
Terror clamped his mouth into a thin line feeling relieved when the sword left his throat as Jinks spoke "Interesting-"
He interrupted "Just spare me that word. Had a bad dream involving someone using that word to hypnotic people into doing things bad enough to think it as my own memory when I know its someone else's point of view."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and got from Jinks in response "Oh. Have you heard of the name of Victoria Montreal?"
Terror opened his mouth to speak only to feel sword onto his neck along with hearing "Not one word of that talk to, Horus now."
He clamped his mouth and shook his head into a no gesture despite the name seemingly familiar to him but confused him. Terror frowned while eyeing Jinks who yawned making him yawn abruptly as he heard a third yawn as he felt the sword off his neck. He sighed and found Jinks appeared to lay his form down onto the couch still holding onto Terran and shut his eyes. Groaning he went into Yana's bedroom and threw himself onto the bed face forwards only to feel hands grabbing him from behind yanking him off to stand. Terror glared with annoyance running through him at the appearing Souler that had managed to follow him and got the doors to the bedroom shut. 
He glared at the Souler who without a verbal word spoke mentally to him "Lying down isn't appropriate for you to sleep. You'll lose yourself to those dreams of yours like you keep doing every time you lay down. Simply sleep sitting up and you'll be fine."
Terror spoke firmly "Who's Victoria Montreal and why is the name familiar to me?"
He glared at the Souler as he found the bedroom doors open to show Jinks having a hand onto Terran who spoke with his eyes all black in his creepy voice tone "I could hear you threatening Terror by how panicky he breathed. Quit that sword poking joke and leave now."
Terror glared at the Souler who faded from view followed by Jinks stepping aside into the room leaving a foot aside to hear a crash into the living room along with a roaring sound. Terror heard Terran wailing loudly as Jinks without a word thrust him the baby he clutched followed by the male walking out into the living room slamming the doors with a bang sound. Terror resumed taking care of Terran till the apartment door opened while he was sleeping with his son seated onto his lap from a sitting cross legged position. Terror frowned opening his eyes to find Jinks in sight who gave him a glare which he spoke his familiar line to his annoyance.
Terror spoke before Jinks could speak "Just spare me whatever secret you know."
He looked away as Terran gave up a loud wail which he groaned finding his son refused to quiet down. Terror didn't protest as Jinks snatched Terran from him who quit wailing to coo while held by the male. 
He sighed and got up from the floor while eyeing Jinks who snarled "Why is Yana Renova admitting to being Victoria Montreal, my daughter via recording her saying that in front of you?"
Terror sighed and spoke firmly "I spoke my line involving forgiveness and that's what I got from her. Don't ask me what I'm supposed to be doing to this situation-"
He felt himself choking finding Jinks had willed forwards his all black eyed look and was holding up a hand in his direction as Terran was silently held in an arm's grip. 
Terror gulped as Jinks spoke "Something you want to admit Terror as you call yourself?"
He spoke finding himself no longer choking "What? I'm babysitting Terran here-"
Terror again got choked by Jinks who narrowed his eyes into a glaring stare aimed at him. 
He felt himself able to breathe heard Jinks speaking the forgiveness line in a firm creepy voice tone to find himself speaking as if compelled "I'm Terror, a creation of the Soulers."
Terror found the scene changed to find himself into the High Council's throne room with Jinks there still holding Terran cutting him off. 
He gulped as the Speakers spoke his familiar forgiveness line which he wound up repeating what he said to Jinks including "I am the male to the Queen the Tennans for only I can mate with her and no other male period."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and waited feeling the Falcons restraining him to his annoyance. 
Terror glared at the High Council as Shad spoke "Interesting that the Soulers are desperate to keep this fact to themselves instead of sharing this with us. Hence the hissy fit their throwing on their warship according to the Meritanians Tank and Merra telling us this."
Terror kept the glare in response as he recalled a memory as if compelled within his mind.
He spoke firmly "You, High Council is seeing Mindbender, as your own offspring who is acting like a spoiled brat not getting it that his female deserves to have her own life."
Terror clamped his mouth into a thin line and waited as both speakers spoke "Transport this Terror out with Horus now!"
Terror found himself back into Yana's quarters with Jinks next to him who was still holding onto Terran. He went to Jinks who stepped back giving him a glare with his Human blue eyes he saw had accusation in them.
Terror spoke firmly "I saw in my mind that there was a Mindbender, an Earthari male before Tom who the High Council saw as an offspring like terms enough to say it to that male's presence. The Mindbender back then was accepting to those words. Enough to do anything what the High Council ordered even assassinate his own Father. I saw this in my mind when in presence of the High Council. I suspect that their seeing Tom with this view in question. Hence they letting him get away with his hissy fit regarding Victoria."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and didn't comment a response to Jinks who walked forwards and thrust him Terran which he took. 
He found Terran appeared to have conked out asleep as Jinks was heard creepy voice speaking despite Human blue eyes seen "Anything you want to admit being born fully grown adult?"
Terror heard growling noises of Tennans above him to recognize the noise was Tennans' speak "Shut up and don't talk more of this."
Terror spoke firmly "I have an agreement with the Tennans not to mention further details of my existence or the reason why I'm their ambassador in question."
He clamped his mouth shut and walked away ignoring Jinks to sit down onto the rugged floor followed by putting Terran down onto his lap who remained sleeping. 
He added "Something I can do for you Jinks?"
He glared at Jinks while hearing silence from the Tennans above him who spoke his familiar forgiveness line and found himself speaking in response "It was I, not Barry who mated with a Tennan Airhead style that formed the Commandant, telepath, in the process as in body exploding to show him in place of it. The Commandant used Victoria Montreal as his own servant dubbed Yana Renova and shared that attitude towards me and whoever had special abilities to keep him alive. That's all I remember. Don't ask me further."
Terror again got Jinks speaking his familiar line to groan finding himself speaking "The Soulers created me out of experiments with the Tennans as in capturing one and doing experiments onto one to create a Humanoid which I wound up created in the process via tube and from a Tennan's body. The Tennans threw a hissy fit as a result due to that their all connected via mind and weren't pleased. The Tennans' Queen was created by the Soulers manipulating a warship dubbed Tolyatti or pieces of it to form her in response to the Tennans' hissy fit. The Queen, the original, wound up favoring me as an offspring and kept me around her too much despite I identified as various other forms of manoid life a view that got passed down onto other Queens. The Tennans as a result have thrown wars for getting me into their possession a favors attitude towards me including taking out other planetary worlds in their attempts to possessive me."
He clamped his mouth shut while hearing Tennan growling noises sounding loudly which he added "Their not happy with what I said to you by the noises their making."
Jinks he glared at with annoyance looked up at the ceiling before walking away and not commenting a word. He sighed only to hear a thud noise via the closed bedroom doors to keep hearing thudding and banging onto it. He was interrupted by Terran giving off his hungry wailing noises he sighed and got up going to the living room to find the couch on its back and Jinks groaning from lying on top of it while shaking his head. Terror ignored Jinks who resumed a sleeping status as he went to grab a bottle of nourishment for Terran who sucked it down greedily. He went to sit on the couch poking up in the air ignoring Jinks who woke up swinging up in an acrobatic move. 
Terror spoke "Relax it's just me."
He gave Jinks a glare who spoke after giving him an all black eyed glare his familiar forgiveness line he found himself blurting what he saw involving Tom verbatim including hearing the voice tone of Tom's speaking his loyalty words to the High Council.
Terror felt himself annoyed spoke "Anything else you want to know, Jinks since I'm nothing but a damned library for secrets to be blabbed?"
He glared at Jinks who willed aside the creepy eyed look and spoke "Get off the couch now, Terror. I have to right it before Yana as she calls herself daughter mine comes back into here."
Terror exhaled a breath but didn't comment found himself obeying as Jinks with great strength set the couch to order followed by sitting on it crossing his legs and giving him a glare. 
He found the door to the quarters open followed by Yana coming into sight who spoke "What did you do to my couch?"
Terror spoke "He slept in it what else?"
Terror got Yana giving him a glare in response followed by her snatching Terran out of his arms bottle and all and she speaking in a creepy voice tone "Terror, go play with the Tennans since you're their ambassador and leave me alone with Leader Jinks now."
He exhaled a breath but didn't comment a response walked out of the quarters towards the hallway only to feel a fist connect with his face he falling backwards hitting the floor shaking his head. 
Terror shook the pain to hear "Get out and take your battle out of my quarters now!"
He found a male with short black hair wearing smooth uniform of an Earthari giving him a golden eyed glare with black hair that grabbed him by the throat and with great strength hauled him out of the quarters to his disgust. Tom found the console blinking in response to his talk to give a sound of disgust loudly and waited for the gun weapon to quit firing onto the console. He glared at the gun with annoyance that quit its laser firing followed by the screen resuming a file. He opened the file and again read it as ordered by Keeper’s hissing at his ear. He sensed Keeper was standing off his left behind him near his ear to hiss her orders in Rakcaran language. 

Terror forced himself to walk to the garden entrance finding Jinks standing in the doorway with arms folded. He ignored Jinks to walk inside hearing the door slam closed with a bang sound he noticed Jinks' eyes were all black. 
"Yana Renova is Victoria Montreal." He spoke to Jinks who didn't look surprised to what he said as he added "Just get her back with Tom for him to have a purpose to live."
He continued to notice Jinks' glare "I heard his voice when he spoke the words of loyalty towards the High Council who view him as an offspring. He spoke like he didn't have anything worth living except serving them which is what I saw via my mind like an All Seeing One. It's my ability I have at the moment in my mind."
He clamped his mouth shut while giving Jinks a glare to speak his familiar forgiveness line only to get the male snarling "Tom's obsessed with Victoria enough to see her as an object a piece of property instead of a living being who has a life other than just amusing him. He's obsessed to the point that he wants her with him all the time and refused to accept that she's got a life doing her own thing."
Terror found himself speaking his familiar line again only to find Airens appearing from behind Jinks appearing to be fawning the male he hearing comments "Why mad? Mad? What's mad? Bad mad?"
Terror spoke firmly ignoring the Airens fawning over Jinks who kept on glaring at him "The High Council called Tom by the words, my son, repeatedly via their speakers when he spoke his words of loyalty via his voice sounding dead and monotone. It's like their seeing him as their offspring something they saw with a preceding servant of theirs who's also named Mindbender but he was more Human and an assassin."
He gave Jinks a glare who spoke "Get out of here, Terror. I'm furious with what's going on and leave before I use you as a punching bag."
Terror groaned and without a word heard nothing more from Jinks as he obeyed hearing the Airens' comment "Creepy creep scary."
I saw Jinks disappear into a light show with the Airens darting away. I wound up focusing onto Jinks as if drawn to find him appearing into the High Council’s throne room where Tom stood on the throne attacking the High Council with his Berserker side in control. I saw the Speakers Shad and Onya as Jinks stood in the High Council's throne room seeing Shad and Onya stab Tom via the back. 
I heard "Tom!"
Jinks was sensed stiffened when he saw hands from underneath Tom wrap themselves around his neck and stiffened from the voice sounding of Victoria in panic. Jinks eyed the High Council finding only dolls remained in their seats as Shad and Onya kept stabbing Tom. He willed forwards the Master and waved a hand towards Shad and Onya finding them both halted their stabbing to go pass the throne chairs and up the stairs via the open doorway followed by the door shutting closed. He darted up the stairs and went to Tom who remained still and yanked the male off of Victoria who ignored him to place her form on top of Tom's while kissing him on the lips she heard crying the male's name. Jinks sighed and picked up Tom with great strength and found Victoria not protesting to it disappearing in a light show. He found himself smelling salt air to find himself surrounded by Soulers with swords drawn while on their warship. 
Jinks placed Tom down and spoke firmly "Just help him he saved my daughter's life."
I was unable to see anything else further from that scene instead focused onto Terror himself as if drawn. Terror from looks of him found himself transported out in response to Victoria's quarters finding her lying on the bed asleep with Jinks next to her seated that gave him a glare.
Jinks wound up speaking Terror’s familiar line which Terror wound up speaking "Tam gave up his life for Tom to live again. He lives, as an offspring and favored servant of the High Council."
Jinks spoke "Just take a nap or something. You look like you could use the sleep."
Jinks, I eyed was sensed felt disgust take hold rubbed a hand over his scarred cheek he felt was shaped into a Kang mark another term by the Earthari. He kept on rubbing the area feeling his disgust take hold to shift towards Victoria who had a sad look on her face with eyes shut and breathing deep. Jinks eyed Victoria's face to notice she had a Kang scar mark on the area on her cheek as she lay asleep ignoring him staring. Jinks felt his mood plummet felt a compulsion to get up obeyed to find himself in presence of the Soulers he found two of them in the High Council's throne room with faces bared. 
Jinks didn't comment a response to hear loudly "Talk, Jinks Montreal on what you're not admitting."
He exhaled a breath hearing Terror's familiar line involving forgiveness spoken by the voice of the Souler to find himself inhaling and speaking as if compelled "I'm nothing but a troublemaker as seen by the High Council who keep associating me with an annoyance God. They refused to accept that I'm nothing but a tool by this God and not the actual God despite able to shift my form into his image. I'm sick of this attitude towards me enough to do anything to stop it. The High Council accepted my daughter Victoria as a treasured servant but refused to do that attitude towards me. I find that they accepted Victoria easily but have refused to accept me. It's acceptance I want from someone even anybody even though my acceptance from a female has ended too much time ago."
Jinks formed a glare while eyeing the High Council with accusation in his eyes. 
He heard within his mind "Just speak the words of Terror and the High Council will admit what they should admit."
He obeyed to hear from both speakers speaking in unison "Anyan, stop rejecting your son, Shad and accept him."
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that from both speakers as he noticed the High Council behind them were dolls and not the actual members as both Soulers he saw walked out of the room without a word towards him. Jinks didn't comment a response to the Soulers' leaving instead waved a hand to make the speakers walk away. He found his order obeyed followed by transported out to Victoria's presence seeing her remained asleep in bed and saw that she had tears streaming from her closed eyes. Jinks went to sit down on the bed before getting up to go to Terror, who I saw within my mind. Terror appeared to be spying onto Jinks who wasn’t surprised to feel Jinks' hand onto his shoulder shaking him awake. 
He obeyed opening his eyes to focus onto Jinks who spoke "Anyan and Shad what's their story?"
Terror recalled the story as if compelled, despite me unable to remember it fully. 
I wound up hearing Terror added spoke it firmly including adding "Anyan and Shad were led to believe that they were brothers. Not father and son. The High Council's attitude towards Shad was in placement of the male needing someone to parent him he wasn't getting from his father or his raisers. Hence he doing whatever he could assassin wise to get that connection. It's appearing to give him a purpose to live actually."
Jinks, I eyed didn't comment a response to his story instead went back to Victoria to sit onto the bed with eyes sensed staring at the floor. I sighed and focused my mind onto something else as if feeling like needing to do it. I heard moaning sounds of pleasure sounding within the room to frown focusing onto the room of Victoria’s quarters. I sighed seeing Victoria and Tom both appearing to be naked into a mating ritual involving Tom's sucking onto Victoria's nipples while on the bed ignoring Jinks standing nearby watching them with arms folded. I heard the moans getting louder groaned softly and saw Terror appeared to be disturbed enough to open his eyes to focus onto Jinks who ignored him staring. I shifted towards Victoria and Tom with Terror’s own eyes finding them both still in their mating ritual ignoring the audience staring at them. I sighed as Tom managed to quit his sucking onto Victoria's nipples followed by appearing to enter her with his sensitive part her legs wrapping around Tom's middle into some tight hold. I kept on watching via mind put there by Zerra heard snickering, as Tom and Victoria continued on their lovemaking. I figured I'll refer the lovemaking they were doing as they both ignored being spied on. I sighed softly and kept my mouth shut of protest to Zerra. Instead I wound up writing down this scene including once Tom gave off a roar and Victoria giving off a shriek of pleasure. I sighed again as Tom collapsed on top of Victoria and remained still as Victoria's hands I saw was onto the back of Tom's neck. I frowned but didn't comment a response as Tom adjusted his position to kiss Victoria on the lips she accepting him doing it and both appeared to be lengthy with their kissy faced status. 
I sighed and shut my eyes figuring to myself "Just let them be to their lovemaking as insisted by Zerra for me to see."
I again heard moaning noises to focus onto via my mind onto the lovers finding them both seemed lengthy with their mating rituals onto each other with exchanges of positions of who took the top. I found them both appearing to be accepting of the position exchanges including doing repeated lovemaking onto each other. I sighed and opened my eyes to write down the scene as seen in my mind. I wound up to focused via my mind to eye Jinks who ignored Terror sensed staring and kept on watching Tom and Victoria mating. Tom and Victoria wound up going into another intercourse mating ritual. This time with Victoria on top of Tom with Tom's hands onto her breasts fondling the nipples and her going up and down the male's sensitive part length while appearing to be enjoying it. Tom gave up another roar I figured involved spilling himself inside Victoria as she gave up another shriek. Tom removed his hands off Victoria's breasts and heard no protest from the male as Victoria removed herself off of him to get up from the bed going into the bathroom. Tom without a word disappearing into a light show as I eyed Jinks while clearing my throat hearing it echoed by Terror in the room via my mind. I got Jinks displaying his familiar creepy eyed look in response while glaring at Terror via mind scene of accusation.
Terror spoke in response "Tennans made it clear I'm not to pair myself to any females except whoever they chose for me for this pairing. It's a deal I made as being their Ambassador and a part of their species despite having an Earthari form."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and waited as Jinks spoke using his creepy voice tone "You sound like something not being admitted."
Terror groaned getting Jinks speaking his familiar line found himself speaking "Anatomy impossible for me to create manoids like babies with manoid females like Earthari. I can create entities if I mate with females like Earthari but that's about it. As for mating Airhead style with Tennans if you get my meaning, can result into full grown manoids forming from the body of a Tennan into either Gate Destroyers or Telepaths. Both are another form of Earthari species from Terra that survived to live here in this station."
Terror clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to feel a sword point poking his back he ignored while staring at Jinks who spoke "You said enough judging by that Souler poking you with that sword trick again. Your breathing sucks."
He exhaled a breath finding the Souler quit poking him via sword point and found Jinks walking out of the bedroom slamming the doors. He sighed and heard thudding noises from there to find Victoria clad in her Earthari uniform walking out of the bathroom hopping onto one foot as if putting onto her shoes. He frowned while eyeing Victoria who jabbed a finger aimed at him and towards the bedroom's entrance while giving him an all black eyed glare. Terror frowned but forced himself to get up and opened the entrance's doors to catch Jinks falling backwards into arms. He spoke his familiar line again only to hear a shriek as the door to the quarters banged shut. 
Terror pushed Jinks off of him who spoke firmly ignoring Victoria eavesdropping "I keep trying to convince the Soulers to avoid sticking their swords onto people when they don't want people to talk. Just use words for that but their not getting the message. Instead are using me as target practice for sword swinging."
Terror frowned but went to the couch finding it fallen onto its back again. He ignored Jinks and Victoria watching him as he pulled the couch back into its familiar position and without a word went to sit down onto it crossing his legs. 
His stomach rumbled in response as he spoke "I admit it I'm clueless when it comes to needing food, expelling or cleaning for my body. I have mistaken my stomach's grumbling as food when it's involved with something else too many times to count. Hence those Tennans' entities inhibiting me to tell me what I need to do with my body on the word of a Tennan. Excuse me I feel like eating but it could be something else."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and didn't comment further as Victoria went to the kitchen unit finding Jinks joined him onto the couch crossing his legs. Terror found Victoria handing him and Jinks plates of food with utensils which he felt himself hungry ate the food. He found Victoria seated onto a stool and hungrily eating her food in a fast motion. 
Terror waited as Victoria ate all her food and same for him to speak "What's the official story involving Tam?"
He heard throat clearing noises from Jinks to frown while eyeing Victoria who banged the dishwashing machine's cover with a loud thrusting noise. 
He saw her eyes were all black in response followed by him speaking "Alright bad subject to speak. Pardon me."
Terror got up and placed his dish and utensil onto the counter and made a movement to walk out only to feel deadness hitting his feet. He grunted an annoyed sound as he heard Victoria speaking his familiar line found himself speaking what he admitted to Jinks involving mating with females. Terror clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and peered at Victoria from twisting his form. He found Victoria walking around to face him followed by waving a hand and he felt his deadness gone. Terror hear hissing sounds of entities to find two flying by between him and Victoria doing some ramming bang move onto each other and onto his back. 
He ignored them to speak "Want me gone from your quarters, Victoria?"
Victoria he got in response shook her head and willed aside her creepy eyed look showing Human blues. 
He frowned as Victoria spoke "Just tell them if anyone asks that Tam sacrificed his life for my love of my life to live again. Tank sort of told me that the High Council is thinking of having Tom assimilated into the station population with relationship between the both of us known publicity. I can't say what else the High Council is up to and I don't care to know as long as I'm with Tom period."
Terror frowned as Victoria without a word walked away out of the quarters and out of sight with the door slamming shut behind her.
He heard from Jinks "Typical daughter mine never fully explaining anything despite indicating it via her voice."
Terror sighed and spoke "Let's get out of here and see what the station needs us to do. You as Leader, me as whatever."
He walked forwards only to feel deadness hitting his feet as he found Jinks walking in sight giving him a glare with eyes narrowed. 
Terror frowned as Jinks spoke "You mated with daughter mine and hurt her?"
He heard the angry voice tone of Jinks as the male proceeded to interrogate him on his mating with Victoria and creating the entities in the process to his annoyance.

Tom via memory quit the story telling once the screen was blinking again to his annoyance.
I heard loudly “Forgiveness you want it? Confess your crime, inky.”
I frowned hearing Keeper’s voice and the word of inky as Tom spoke “It’s you Jinks Montreal that’s hooked up in a machine as a part of a battery around here?”
I heard groaning noises sounding of Highlanders groaning all around in disgust as Tom spoke “Then what’s with Keeper’s terms of that insulting name anyway?”
He, I saw glared at the gun weapon that had resumed firing onto the console in response. 
Tom sensed Keeper still off his left side that hissed “Just tell a story in response from what you remember now! The story should convince the battery to quit being furious with what’s said around here.”
He sighed and felt his mind scanned via senses blaring to feel a vibration within his skull including hearing “Don’t mind the battery’s hissy fit for being in denial that he’s a clone copy of Jinks Montreal hooked up that came from Shadan as in transported off by Ramses a fellow plant like I am.”
Tom sighed and spoke mentally still feeling his mind scanned by the Meritanian “What’s with you being silent when I yelled at you while traveling via a stupid fighter?”
He formed a glare only to hear in response another vibration within his skull in his mind “You’ll remember a story and will speak it as I give it to you.”
Tom found images flashing into his mind’s in response along with a compulsion to speak obeyed despite annoyed with what he was seeing in his mind. 

The crowd was talking in the Trading center of the Annoyov Barrack station, when one of the elevators opened revealing Soulers with their swords drawn. The crowd abruptly went silent as they saw the Soulers who came pushing out a Human male with a blindfold on his face. One of the Soulers yanked the blindfold off the male and then they left him standing there with a frown on his face. The crowd watched as a young Human male who was recognized as a Leader by his clothing, with implants on his face and all black beady eyes came walking up the man. Following the young Leader was a young female also with implants on her face and ears stood. 
They bowed a little bow and the young Human male spoke loudly for all to hear “Welcome to Annoyov Barrack Station. I’m Leader D’Clan Leroy.” 
Gesturing to the young female he added “This is Leader T’La Leroy. Where you like to go and we’ll lead you?”
The human spoke curtly “Command Center now.” 
D’Clan nodded and T’La gestured to follow him which he obeyed. In the Command Center, Commander Renova with brownish black hair and brown eyes, a Kang by her mark on her right cheek and no markings on her right arm. She had a different look to Victoria’s appearance via face, I saw. She stood next to the console on the table and was fingering some switches when she heard a weapon clang. She looked with irritation at Terror a declared ancient Human male with no markings of the three Human groups. He had black hair and blue eyes, whose pipe weapon with a knife at one end sticking out clad in a Leader’s uniform. I figured back then that he was a clone of the original Terror by face seen twinning to me. He was appearing to be one of the Leaders on the Annoyov Barack Station. He pointed to the doorway with a shocked expression on his face. Looking at the doorway, Renova looked to see a tall male Human with arms folded. His hazel appearing to be brown eyes glowed golden then changed back to its normal color which Renova recognized to be a Gate Destroyer. The male with brown hair with streaks of grey had on a black version of the Human Alliance military outfit complete with a large vest with silver lining on it. 
Renova noticing the rank marking of “General” on his uniform in one of the station common languages called Fishla spoke “I’m Commander Yana Renova, you are?”
I wasn’t sure to why she had Victoria’s Yana’s persona name.
The man curtly spoke in the same language “General Zianan.” 
Renova and the others in the room stopped what they were doing as they all heard him say the name of “Zianan.” 
I remembered hearing of the Gate Destroyer leader by the name of Zianan and that there were no pictures of who he looked like. Before Renova could speak three Gate Destroyers with eyes all black materialized besides Zianan who stood with arms folded. 
Wisely Zianan kept his mouth shut and waited as Renova stared at him with a shocked expression on her face and so did the other Humans, all Kangs working in the Command Center room. Commander Renova felt sick and fainted as a white entity ball came out of her chest. The group in the room reacted with horror except Zianan pointed his finger at the entity ball and yelled in a foreign language. Then the entity ball exploded contents falling towards the floor. Doctor Yong who came by ran in the room to see Renova fall to the floor caught by Terror. 
Doctor Yong ran a scanner over her and yelled “She’s in some kind of stasis!”
Terror picked up Renova and Doctor Yong escorted the two out of the Command Center. 
A female from memory dubbing herself Lieutenant Alden standing by spoke to a shocked technician “Alert Lieutenant Commander Bihuto and inform him that he’s now in command.” 
The Technician nodded as Zianan left the room with his three Gate Destroyers to the Commander’s office.  Zianan stood watching out the window watching people walk around a large garden area. He frowned with recognition in his eyes as he saw Leader Lave came in the room escorting a heavy pregnant Diana and the Fishla Ambassador, Nier. Diana went to Zianan and stood as he turned around and stared at her. She put her hand on his right cheek and he felt a prick of a needle and stared with a shocked expression on his face. 
She pulled out a needle from her sleeve and spoke “I did what you asked Nier and stop threatening to take the baby away.” 
Zianan growled and left the room escorted by the three Gate Destroyers. In the hallway they met a Human with short black hair standing there with a rank of ensign on his brown uniform blocking their way. 
The Ensign spoke “Commander Bihuto wants to see you in the Command Center. He’s very insistent.”
Commander Bihuto grumbled as he saw General Zianan came in the room with his three Gate Destroyer guards. 
He spoke to the General “You’re to sign the form for the leadership as required.” 
Zianan held up a hand and walked towards the form lying on the table and gripped his head. Terror as I realized dubbed Jinks by the station natives standing next to him grabbed Zianan as his legs gave away. Jinks wisely put Zianan with the three Gate Destroyers’ help in a chair. The mind walker Ambassador Gheorge a cat like alien, with the reptilian looking Ambassador Karn came in with the other alien Ambassadors. 
Gheorge pointed at Bihuto and yelled “Obsidian!”
Ambassador Karn pointed his hand weapon at Bihuto and fired hitting Bihuto in the chest. They watched as a white entity ball came out of Bihuto. T’La who was sitting at the table opened her mouth and a sonic scream came out which shattered the white entity ball. 
One of the Humans at a console yelled “The Shield is still intact!”
Karn whispered to Gheorge speaking “T’La, The Little Assassin.”
The Souler catching Bihuto who fell and carried him out of the room as the Fishla Ambassador Nier came in with Diana escorted by Leader Lave. 
Diana who stood staring at Zianan, as the Fishla spoke “Diana, give Zianan the antidote to the poison.” 
He handed her a syringe full of yellow liquid. 
Ambassador Gheorge asked “Poison, what poison?”
The three Gate Destroyers surrounding Zianan flared their black eyes golden color while glaring at the Fishla Ambassador. 
The Fishla, Nier spoke “The poison is to control this Gate Destroyer Leader who in turn controls the Gate Destroyers” turning towards the ambassadors he added “the antidote I assure you isn’t the cure but a temporary measure of control.”
Ambassador Karn asked “What kind of poison is it?”
Nier replied “The less people who know about this, the less the Gate Destroyers can threatened.” 
Diana bravely walked towards Zianan and the Gate Destroyers who restrained Zianan. Diana pulled the sleeve of his right arm which revealed a small round implant in his arm. She put the syringe end in the middle of the round implant and injected the contents as Zianan growled his displeasure struggling against his comrades. After injecting the antidote she took the syringe and handed it back to Nier who put it in a hidden pocket.
At that moment Zianan stood up and turned to face the Ambassadors with a glare on his face. 
Nier spoke “Gate Destroyer, find some place to sleep the antidote off.”
Zianan glared some look at Nier and he heard one of the Gate Destroyer guards, one with long blonde hair, and whisper in his ear in Gate Destroyer guttural language “We have a place for you to rest in the Gas Air Sector.” 
Growling Zianan allowed himself to be led out of the room while flashing a golden eye glare at Nier. 
Once Zianan and group were out of the room Nier ordered “Track him.” 
A monitor on the wall flashed showing Zianan and the three Gate Destroyers walking towards one of the elevators. Entering the elevator the group watched as the monitors showed the elevator go down and then stop which they got out. 
One of the Humans remarked for all to hear “They stopped at the corridor to the Gas Air Sector.”
In the corridor Zianan walked feeling fatigued but he held himself up and entered a small room as a clear door slid open. The bald Gate Destroyer walked towards a wall and pressed a console. The wall opened to show an air mask in a cupboard which the bald one handed to Zianan who glared at him. The bald Gate Destroyer gestured with the air mask which Zianan put on. Entering the Gas Air sector the three Gate Destroyers led Zianan pass a maze of corridors passed doors towards a door. The bald Gate Destroyer put his hand on the console outside the door and it slid open to reveal a black curtain. The short black haired Gate Destroyer with small eyes tapped Zianan who entered the quarters which the black curtain moved aside as if on sliders. Zianan saw that he was in a clear enclosure and then the door behind him closed shut as the three Gate Destroyers entered the enclosure. Light on the corner of the enclosure flashed as air filled the enclosure and filtered out the gas air. Then the enclosure door opened and Zianan entered the room taking off the air mask. He saw that he was in a large room with Oxygen air filtering thru. There was a table with a chair at one end with monitors on the walls. The monitors showed the door and the hallway outside the room. At another end of the room was a large mattress, a bed which the Gate Destroyers escorted Zianan towards the bed. Zianan let fatigue get to him as he lay on the bed and fell asleep. In his sleep he felt something cover his closed eyes covering them and then something like three bodies landed on top of Zianan pressing him towards the mattress as something slimy touched the mark on his left cheek. Zianan growled his displeasure but could do nothing as he lay falling unconscious. Then the scene changed to show the rising sun with a moon of deadness in the sky indicating it a next day. I wound up seeing Alden a young woman stood over Bihuto’s body in his quarters with a snarl, she ordered to the Human medical personal all Elrics, standing next to her, in Human language.
She heard snarling “Bring his body to the Trade Center and see that this Gate Destroyer leader meets us there. He should take responsibility for this!”
I wound up focusing onto something else as if drawn by Zerra’s manipulation.
Doctor Yong walked in the Gas Air Sector wearing an Air mask on his face. He walked towards a door while holding a hand held monitor in his hand. He reached towards the door switch when his hand was caught by a slimy claw. Jerking his hand away he looked to see a creature with humanoid claws shake its antennae head which Yong recognized to be a Tennan. The creature with four legs stood next to Yong and gestured with the clawed hand to follow it. Yong sighed and followed the Tennan down the maze of corridors towards a door and then the Tennan climbed a wall and disappeared through the air ducts in the ceiling. Yong raised a hand and pressed the doorbell switch. The door opened to reveal a bald Gate Destroyer standing there with a glare at Yong. 
Yong spoke “We have a stiff that appears to be killed by a Gate Destroyer. Come take a look.” 
The bald Gate Destroyer turned to his side to reveal Zianan wearing the air mask on his face who spoke through it “Lead the way, Doctor Yong.” 
Doctor Yong led the way with the help of his handheld console and reached the entrance to the Gas Air Sector room. He sighed as he took off his Air mask and put it in the cupboard in the wall as Zianan did the same. The four Gate Destroyers proceeded to follow Doctor Yong towards thru the Trade Center. Zianan glared at Yong’s back when they entered the Trade Center the crowd there went silent as Zianan saw brunette haired Alden standing next to a wrapped body on a gurney. She gestured with her hand as the medical personal pulled the sheet off revealing Bihuto to Zianan’s surprise and saw that Bihuto’s head was on backwards. 
Reaching the gurney Zianan glared at Alden who spoke “I’m personally holding you….”
She trialed off when she and the crowd gasped as the three Gate Destroyers surrounding Zianan disappeared as he shook his head and walked by Alden who yelled “Come back here! I’m holding you responsible for Commander Bihuto’s passing!”
Grumbling she spoke to one of the security guards “See that the Gate Destroyers are held responsible for this man’s passing.” 
Zianan reaching the Medical Bay was about to pass the doors when he felt metal at his neck. He looked to see a Souler standing next to him with his sword at his neck. Zianan flashed a golden eyed glare as the Souler pointed with the sword to enter the Medical Bay doors. Zianan’s eyes turned back to normal and he entered the Medical Bay to see one of the nurses attending to Diana with Leader Lave standing by. She was lying on a bed with part of her dress down, her fully pregnant belly exposed as the nurse ran a scanner over it. 
Zianan asked while folding his arms, “How’s the baby?”
The nurse a woman with black hair pulled back and Kang mark on her looked up as Diana looked at him with a dreamy expression on her face as Lave smirked. 
The nurse spoke “The baby is doing fine, right on schedule. She should be having him soon.” 
The nurse pulled Diana’s dress up and covered her belly as Zianan unfolded his arms and took a step towards her. The air shift around him as his three Gate Destroyer guards appeared with their hands on him. Zianan felt the familiar weak feeling come to him and put a hand on his head. The three guards led him towards a bed next to Diana and he sat down with his back to Diana. 
The nurse attending Diana yelled “Alexa!” 
A woman with red hair came from down the hallway of the Medical Bay and entered the room with a concern look on her face while dressed as a nurse. 
The nurse ordered gesturing to Zianan “See that he gets the antidote.” 
Alexa nodded and went to a console on the wall next to the bed, with medicine in it and pulled out a syringe with yellow liquid in it. Diana with her dress zipped up, got up with a nurse and Lave’s help stood near watching as the nurse Alexa put in the contents of the syringe in Zianan’s right arm. His guards restrained him as Zianan growled fist opening and closing. 
Lave heard Diana gasp out in pain with a hand on her belly, “The baby’s kicking” and saw her bent down as in pain. 
The nurse attending Diana took a scanner and scanned her with it. 
The nurse spoke “It’s not yet time.” 
Diana straightened up and took a step towards Zianan with Lave’s help as Nier came in the Medical Bay. 
He frowned when he saw Zianan and spoke “Diana, you should be resting in your quarters.” 
He took her arm as she looked over her shoulder looking at Zianan and they left the Medical Bay. 
Alexa spoke to Zianan “I think you should sleep this off here.” 
She received a growl from Zianan and saw as the blonde Gate Destroyer whispered something in Zianan’s ear. Then Zianan lie down on the bed and fell asleep.  

Zianan’s dream, I saw, he was walking through the Trading Center escorted by the three Gate Destroyers. I heard a baby cry and looked behind him to see Diana holding a bundled baby with the Gate Destroyers surrounding her along with the four Leaders consisted of T’La, D’Clan, Jinks and Lave. Then there was chaos as people came running forward and attacked the Gate Destroyer guards. I could see that they went down along with the four Leaders who fought them bravely. Zianan, I saw, looked to see four telepaths dressed in black came walking towards him. He looked around to see four Soulers standing on a set of stairs on his left. 
He heard a guttural voice in his head speaking “We can’t help you. They have our home world hostage.”
Then he heard the voice of one of the Telepaths speak in his mind saying “Give us the baby.”
Diana looked at Zianan as he took the baby while speaking “Diana lives.” 
He turned around while holding the baby to hear a sound of neck cracking. Zianan turned around to see a smirking smiling Nier holding Diana by her head surround by humanoid black creatures which he recognized to be Tennans. 
Nier spoke “Diana dies” as he dropped Diana’s body onto the ground. 
I could only watch with horror as the Tennans absolutely carrion eaters started eating away on Diana’s body. Flaring golden eyes Zianan turned towards the walking telepaths while holding the baby. He could see on his right a woman with red hair he recognized to be Alexa with her eyes all black as the Telepaths standing on another set of stairs staring at him. 
“Give them the baby” he heard her say in his mind. 
He put a hand on the baby’s head and with a snap he threw the baby at the Telepaths who stopped walking. One of them had their mouth in an O as the baby fell to the ground dead with neck broken. One of the Telepaths pointed and they aimed a gun at Zianan which a laser bullet came out hitting him in the chest. Zianan fell backwards and fell to the ground. His last scene of sight he saw was the Telepaths standing over him radiating anger and he closed his eyes passing out unconscious.
. 
I wound up focusing onto Alexa went to the desk console to sit and she fell asleep. Alexa woke up when she sense a presence in front of her. She looked to see one of the Gate Destroyers’ head was close to her head. She stared as the bald Gate Destroyer move his head back and pointed at Zianan who was moving his head back and forth while moving his arms. His fists were opening and closing as if having a dream. She got up to see Jinks came in the Medical Bay followed by Ambassador Gheorge came in with the other Ambassadors. 
Ambassador Gheorge spoke “Contained and blocked.”
Ambassador Karn asked “What Jinks himself?”
Gheorge replied “He has an entity trapped inside him, which is blocking my efforts to read his mind.”
Gheorge scanned Jinks and noticed another presence of a mind walker in the room. Finding the source he kept his mouth shut and acknowledged the threat the source was giving. Gheorge scanned Zianan but discovered a wall typical of Gate Destroyers appeared to block him out. Karn stood watching Gheorge scan with his eyes and the Gheorge walked out with Karn and the other alien Ambassadors following the two. 
Jinks looked to see an empty bed where Commander Renova used to lay. 
He looked at Alexa who spoke “She was put in stasis due to there being no change in her condition.” 
Alexa saw a hand wave in her face. She looked to see the bald Gate Destroyer looking at her with a frown on his face. He again pointed at Zianan who was jerking in his sleep. Alexa grabbed the scanner off the foot of the bed, pulled up a monitor and ran the arm sized scanner over Zianan while the three Gate Destroyers looked at the monitor. She saw the short black haired Gate Destroyer made a gesture pointing at his chest with his hand. She ran the scanner over Zianan’s chest and looked at the monitor. 
“Nothing serious” She said to the Gate Destroyers and she put away the scanner Zianan woke up growling. 
He saw Alexa and abruptly got up from the bed. The blonde haired and bald Gate Destroyers blocked his way. The bald one held up a hand as if restraining Zianan who roared his displeasure. The door to the medical bay opened with a fuming Commander Alden escorted by medical personal and Bihuto’s body on a gurney. 
The group was met by Alexa who grabbed Alden hauling her towards one of the rooms down the hallway speaking “Follow me.”
They disappeared down the hallway into a room. In the Command Center, Jinks came in the room and sat down at the table. One of the technicians came up to him and was about to speak when Jinks got up and walked to the monitors on the screen behind the technician. He pointed at a monitor with his tube weapon. 
The Technician spoke “Put monitor four b on large screen.”
A large monitor flashed showing the scene. 
The technician remarked “That’s one angry Gate Destroyer.” 
The scene showed Zianan with his eyes golden being escorted by two of his Gate Destroyers thru the lower levels of the Trading Center. The two Gate Destroyers had one of their hands on Zianan’s shoulders and were leading him through the chaos. The third Gate Destroyer was busy in front of them escorting people out of the way and removing chairs out their pathway. Reaching an elevator, people in the elevator ran out as the Gate Destroyers escorted their leader inside. One of them pressed a button on the wall and the elevator went down. Reaching their destination they entered a hallway and reached the room entrance to the Gas Air Sector. Zianan didn’t flinch as one his comrades put on the Air mask on his face. He angrily let the three lead him through the gas haze towards the quarters. Once inside the quarters he was led from the air pressure chamber to the quarters where he yanked the air mask off while roaring at the three Gate Destroyers. 
The bald one spoke in Gate Destroyer language “It’s alright.” 
Zianan roared in Human language from the sound of it sounding Summeran “It’s alright? Hah!”
Then he fell backwards and felt the three grab him as a white entity ball came out of a roaring Zianan. There were shocked expressions on the three who held a still roaring Zianan up and the entity ball entered him by the chest. They led a woozy Zianan towards the mattress and lay him down on it. Zianan closed his eyes and he felt something like a cloth placed on his eyes followed by the three pressing him on the mattress by throwing their bodies on him. He felt a slimy feeling on his left cheek as something touched it. Then Zianan fell unconscious. Nier angrily escorted Diana through the maze of halls towards a door and pressed his hand on the door. The door opened and Nier pushed Diana inside. 
Once inside he ordered “Diana sit on the couch.”
Diana rebelled “No.”
Nier glared at her and spoke “I’ll have the baby taken away if you don’t do what I ordered.” 
Diana glared and sat on the couch. Lave flipped his tube weapon on as Tennans came crawling from the ceiling. 
Nier spoke “Diana you always wanted to know who took your Mother, well meet the Tennans.” 
Diana looked at Nier with horror on her face as he smiled a cruel smile. Lave went took a step and felt something push him towards the floor and he was soon fighting with several Tennans who had him pinned. 
Diana asked fearfully “What did they do to my Mother?” 
The Tennans surround her poking her with their claws. She covered her swollen belly with her arms and hands as she sat on the couch. 
She heard Nier speak “The Tennans are carrion eaters. They needed food and I supplied that with your Mother.” 
Diana screamed out “You bastard!”
Nier spoke “You’ll do what I ordered, Diana and you’ll live or else.” 
Diana saw the Tennans walk away climbing onto the walls to disappear in the air ducts. 
Lave got up and with a hand hauled Diana from the couch who stood up and glared at a smirking Nier who spoke “Go to the bed and lie down and rest. You’ll need it for the baby.” 
Diana stomped her foot and stormed into the bedroom followed by Lave who helped her lay on the bed and she grumbled to herself “First telepaths now Fishla.” 
Lave went to a chair next to the bed and sat down watching Diana fall asleep. Zianan lay sleeping on the mattress in a dream. He dreamed that he was lying on a bed fully clothe with Diana in her dress kissing her when her form changed into a woman which he recognized to be the mind walker who had him sign the form giving Diana’s baby to them. 
He asked “Why?” 
He got up from the bed. Then he was walking in the Trading Center area empty of people, where all the shops and wares were with the telepathic woman next to him.
“I’m sorry” She said as her body exploded to reveal a white shiny entity ball which flew towards one of the purple air pressure suits on the wall next to a set of stairs. 
The air pressure suit was like a large surrounding cape with a globe head piece. Zianan folded his uniformed covered arms and glared as the air pressure suit come gliding towards him. 
A light on the suit flashed as the entity spoke “Greetings Zianan.” 
Zianan yelled “You’re inside me!”
The entity through the suit spoke “Yes.” 
Zianan asked “Why?”
The entity spoke “You must contact the Soulers and have them help you.” 
Zianan stared at the suit and then he woke up from the dream. His three guards stood over him with concern looks in their faces. Zianan got up and the bald Gate Destroyer gestured towards the table where food was simmering away in a bowl with a spoon in it. Zianan’s stomach rumbled so he walked to the table, sat and ate the food with the spoon. When he was finished the three guards led him towards the air pressure room which he put on the air mask.
He ordered “The elevator to the Souler sector now!”
Zianan heard the bald Gate Destroyer protest “That’s through the Trading Center to the elevator.” 
Zianan flared golden eyes at the bald Gate Destroyer who sighed and the three led him out of the Gas Air Sector. At the entrance to the Gas Air Sector, Zianan jerked the air mask off and stuffed it in the cupboard in the wall. Then he led the way to the Trading Center. The crowd there went silent as he walked towards the elevator leading to the Souler's Sector where a Souler stood with sword drawn. 
Reaching the Souler, Zianan ordered in the common language in Fishla spoken by the crowd to the Souler “Move aside” while flaring golden eyes at the Souler. 
The elevator behind the Souler opened and the Souler gestured with a hand to enter. Zianan entered the elevator followed by the Souler. The elevator went down and stopped as the door opened the Souler stood in front of Zianan with sword in right hand. Another Souler came in the elevator with sword pointing at the Souler standing in front of Zianan. 
Zianan spoke “I ordered him to do this.” 
The Souler standing in front of Zianan stood aside and gestured with a hand to leave the elevator. The other Souler backed away as Zianan left the elevator. Outside the elevator Zianan was surprised to see that he was in a dark hallway with people sitting on the floor at the walls of the hallway. He saw on his left, a Shargan with clawed hand on its shaking head while sitting on the floor. Metal tubes were imbedded in its skin. Sitting next to the Shargan was to his shock a Human female with black hair dressed in black with the markings of a Gate Destroyer on her arm and cheek gripping her head which had metal technology on her face identical to T’La and D’clan. She appeared to be in distress, rocking back and forth, to Zianan who looked at the Souler standing besides him. 
The Souler moved a hand to the people sitting on the floor while speaking guttural language in Zianan’s head “Victims of experiments gone wrong.” 
Zianan asked in Fishla language “Who and why would do this?”
The Souler replied “The mind walkers.”
I figured at the time the Soulers meant the High Council and not the Telepaths. The Souler walked ahead gesturing to Zianan to follow him which he did while looking at the people sitting at the walls on both sides of him with anger and shock on his face. Most of the people he saw were Human representing two groups of Kangs and Elrics. The two reached a round door at the end of the hallway which opened and the Souler went inside followed by Zianan. Inside appeared to Zianan some sort of Medical Bay with people lying on beds and there were equipment, monitors in front of the beds beeping away. He looked to see a thin Souler wearing some hooded floor length cape and a Souler mask came walking towards them. The Souler put away his sword through the scabbard from behind his back and bowed to the thin Souler who Zianan saw was a female. The female Souler folded her arms and gestured to the Souler with fist and pointed to Zianan. 
Zianan spoke “I had a dream that a Souler told me that their home world is being held hostage. I also had another dream that an entity told me to contact you for help.” 
The female Souler put her arms down and both Soulers looked at each other before looking at Zianan who heard a female guttural voice in his head speak “Tell me the dreams.” 
Zianan relayed the contents of his dreams to both Soulers. The female Souler threw her black gloved hands up and moved her head like she was talking to the male Souler. Zianan watched their movements as they appeared to be talking. Then the female stared at Zianan who frowned watching the female stare at him. She gestured to the male Souler who pulled a swath of cloth from his neck and pulled the apparent metal mask with golden eyes on it, off his face. Zianan’s eyes widen when he saw the Souler’s face while roaring with anger. I saw a Human like face twin to the Souler that Terror dubbed Long Live One who had Human black eyes and got Zianan to be into a trance. I saw Zianan quit his roaring followed by the Souler with black eyes going up to him to wave a hand in front of Zianan’s face who appeared to be zoned out. I wound up focusing in the Trading Center the three Gate Destroyers guards paced with impatience on their faces in front of the elevator where Zianan left in. The bald one could sense people watching them and growled a bit. He sensed his companion the blonde one put a hand on his shoulder with a pat. All at once the elevator opened and Zianan stepped out with a sneer on his face. The three Gate Destroyers stared at him with a range of emotions on their faces.
Zianan frowned and ordered speaking Fishla “Medical Bay.” 
The three escorted Zianan down the rest of the Trading Center and reached the Medical Bay. Inside Zianan walked in as Commander Alden was leaving with a frown on her face. Her face radiated anger when she saw Zianan.
She was about to speak when Zianan spoke “Kang, Fishla or Gate Destroyer.” 
Commander Alden stared at Zianan with a bewildered expression on her face. 
Zianan firmly spoke again “The only species capable of killing a Kang is Kang, Fishla or Gate Destroyer.” 
Alden could do was stare and she watched as one of the nurses came and spoke “Oh you’re here for your antidote shot.”
Alden slowly left the Medical Bay with a confused expression on her face as Zianan sneered recognizing the nurse to be a mind walker called Alexa who went to the cupboard console in the wall and pulled out a syringe. Alexa pointed with her hand to the bed next to her while holding the syringe. Zianan went to sit down on the bed and was restrained by his guards. He watched as she injected the contents into the implant in his right arm. Zianan jerked feeling the prick of pain of the injection. 
Then Alexa spoke “There’s a room down the hall for you to sleep in. I’ll lead the way.” 
She put the syringe back in the cupboard and led the way down the hallway towards a room marked five C. Zianan entered the room and saw it was a small room with a bed and monitors besides it. Lying on the bed Zianan growled a bit and fell asleep. The Gate Destroyers watched as Alexa left the room sliding close the door. Zianan woke up feeling angry. He saw the three standing there staring at him with concerned looks on their faces. Zianan got up from the bed. The three stood blocking his way. 
Zianan growled out “Move aside.”
The three looked at each other and refused to budge. 
The bald one pointed to the bed and said in Gate Destroyer language “sleep.” 
Zianan’s eyes flared golden color as the three’s eyes flared golden while blocking his way. He would have charged when he felt a woozy feeling and shook his head. He could feel the blonde haired Gate Destroyer come forward and lead him back to the bed which Zianan laid down and fell asleep. In another dream I could see via Zianan’s mind, a younger version of Diana naked lying on the bed jerking from pain. There were scales on scattered places on her body but they were smooth to the touch. Her belly was swollen with child and a younger version of Zianan in the dream was wearing brown pants and a brown top was sitting next to her holding Diana’s arms as she jerked from the pain. Her hands were digging in his arms. He had a worried expression on his face as he heard a small alarm go off.  The door to the cave opened and a person came in. He looked to see the person was a young woman who I saw was a younger Alexa with the same red hair but her eyes were black. She was dressed in a gray outfit consisted of pants and a smock like top over her. She stood holding a handle box looking as Diana screamed in pain. Sighing she walked towards Diana and began her work. 
She ordered Zianan “Justen, get behind her and restrain her please.” 
Zianan obeyed and soon she was restrained while pushing the baby out. I could sense Diana groan and scream as she pushed the baby further out of her. Soon they heard a baby’s cry. The woman held up a baby whom I could see was a boy with features of Human in his face and body with Human ears where his ears were including some scales all over the body as the baby cried. He felt Diana relax and fell asleep in his arms. 
The nurse spoke “They said that you could name the baby.” 
As a black hooded figure appearing to be sinister and made me think of the High Council, came in the room.
Zianan heard spoke “Call him Declan.”
He could only hold Diana as the nurse handed the baby to the hooded figure who turned and left the cave room. He watched as the nurse examined Diana and then she put the blanket over her and got up from bed. Zianan held Diana still in his arms asleep as the nurse stood up holding her box.
The nurse spoke “This won’t be the last time you’ll mate with her.”
She was seen smiled hearing Zianan snarl flashing golden eyes at her. Then the nurse left the room. Zianan jerked himself awake and sat up. His comrades who were sitting in chairs were staring at him. 
The bald one spoke again “Go back to sleep.”
Zianan felt the familiar dizziness and fell asleep. This time I saw he dreamed that he was in the same cave with Diana dressed in a brown dress looking upset. I frowned as he dressed in his brown outfit came to her and cuddled her who sighed in his arms. 
She spoke “Justen, it’s been awhile since Declan was born.”
Zianan frowned and as she added “They told me they want another baby.”
Zianan growled “I refused to have you go through that pain again.”
Diana frowned as she said “I told them I refused to do this without your consent.” 
Zianan spoke “I’m not giving my consent for them to do this.” 
Diana sighed and added “They insisted that I mate with you or face Baron.” 
Groaning Zianan said “I don’t want you to face Baron.” 
Diana turned and looked at him in the face and spoke “Then make love to me.” 
Zianan groaned as she touched his scarred cheek with her right hand as he lowered his head to touch her lips. I wound up groaning as I heard Zianan groaned himself awake as he remembered the memory of mating with Diana fresh in my mind. He sat up and stared at the three. The bald one got up from a chair and put a hand on his shoulder. Zianan groaned as another long forgotten memory came to his mind. This time Diana was lying on a metal bed in a room. He sat on the bed holding her as she felt the pain of childbirth. There was a doctor with sky blue eyes and a Kang marking on his cheek who Zianan recognized to be a younger version of Doctor Yong stood with another nurse urging Diana to push and she was screaming out in pain. Zianan’s eyes in the memory glowed and he whispered encouraging words for her to push. Soon there was a baby crying as Doctor Yong hauled up the baby for all to see. 
“It’s a girl.” he said. 
The baby was like Declan had Fishla fins with scales over the body and had a Human face and form. 
Diana leaned back cuddled in Zianan’s arms and smiled as she spoke “Call her Jaya.”
Doctor Yong frowned as a nurse ran a scanner over the baby and looked at him with a frowned look on her face. 
He spoke “Sorry there’s a problem with the baby. I have to take her to the natal unit.” 
Zianan growled out “You’re not taking the baby with you?” 
Doctor Yong spoke “Come with me, Justen. Nurse with attend to Diana.” 
Zianan let go of Diana and laid her down and followed the doctor out of the room to see three familiar black hooded figures standing in the hallway again making me think of the High Council. 
Doctor Yong exclaimed “No you’re not taking the baby! She’s premature and needs medical care!” 
Zianan growled as he felt a dart sticking out of his chest and fell to the floor. He looked to see one of the hooded figures snatch the baby out of a protesting Doctor Yong’s arms and then two of the figures knocked him out. When he came to after from being knocked out, he found himself chained to metal pipes attached to a fence in some yard where there was a barn and a large house facing him with no memory of how he got there or memory of Diana. I frowned from the memory as the nurse Alexa came in the room with a scanner device in her hand. She waved it over Zianan who sneer a golden eye glare. 
Alexa spoke “You seem fine.”
Zianan’s eyes returned to normal and he snarled out in Fishla “I can’t just lie sleeping all the time.” 
Alexa ignored the snarl addressed him “You’ll get used to the poison just enough to function.”
She walked towards a wall and pressed her hand on to it which slid open to show a private bathroom. 
She spoke “You might want to use it according to scanner in a few minutes. I’ll leave you to your privacy.” 
Saying this she left the room and walked down the hallway. Reaching the medical bay area she saw Diana came in escorted by a glaring Nier who had a hand on her shoulder with a frowning Lave following them. 
Diana shrugged the hand off her shoulder and told the nurse “I’m here for another check up as requested by Doctor Yong.”
Alexa spoke “Right this way.” 
Diana and the Fishla followed Alexa passed several doors with numbers and letters in them to a small room door number six D that had a bed with monitors next to it. 
The nurse spoke “Make yourself comfortable, I’ll get the Doctor to examine you.” 
Alexa left the room followed by Nier who slid the door shut fast. 
The nurse looked at Nier who said “How is Zianan doing?”
Alexa spoke “Patient and doctor confidentiality, I can’t tell you without Zianan’s permission.” 
Nier protested angrily “Of course you can, mind walker.” 
The nurse gasped as Nier lowered his face till he was near the woman’s face and spoke “Don’t play the fool with me. I’m aware of you and your scans. You will tell me how Zianan is doing.” 
Wordlessly Alexa slowly pulled out a small handheld console from her large pocket and pressed some buttons then handed it to a smirking Nier who read the contents. 
Nier spoke out loud “That’s odd, sleeping after taking the antidote shot, hmm.” 
He felt the nurse scan his mind and thrust the handheld device towards her and whispered “If I were you I wouldn’t hand him the cure or certain people will die with blood on your hands.” 
Saying this he opened the door to room six D and spoke loudly “Nurse please don’t dawdle and get the doctor.” 
Then he gently slid the door behind him. The nurse looked at the door to room five C across from room six D which was open, a crack. The door slid open and the black haired Gate Destroyer stood with his eyes flaring golden color glaring at Alexa. Then the Gate Destroyer slowly slid the door closed. Alexa sighed and walked to find the Doctor Yong down the hallway. She found him in the stasis section examining a still comatose Commander Renova lying on a bed jutting from the wall, with his hand held scanner. 
She cleared her throat and Doctor Yong looked at her as she spoke “Diana is in room six D waiting for you to examine her and the baby.”
She was about to speak more when she scanned the room with her mind and sense alien presence in the ceiling above her. Looking up she saw a black creature with four legs sprayed around with clawed humanoid hands and the antennas were swaying from a humanoid head as if eavesdropping. 
Doctor Yong nodded noticing her looking up spoke “That’s a Tennan” and handed her the scanner as he said “Finish my work please.” 
The nurse nodded her head and the doctor left the room. She waved the scanner on Commander Renova and then sensed the alien Tennan behind her. 
Turning around, she faced the alien who stood and spoke in Fishla “Mind Walker, wake Renova up now!”
Then the alien walked to the wall and climbed it, Alexa watched it disappear in the air ducts. Sighing she scanned Renova with her mind and found a barrier which she pushed and Renova’s eyes that were open and all white, closed. The nurse heard a groan come from Renova who woke up with brown eyes with a frown. 
Noticing Alexa, Renova asked “What happened, what I am doing here and where am I?”
Alexa scanned Renova with the scanner and replied “Do you remember what happened?”
Confusingly Renova answered “All I remember is going to bed one night in my quarters and then I woke up here.” 
The nurse scanned her mind with her telepathy and found that Renova’s words were true as Renova continued “What am I doing here?”
“You were inhabited by an entity which came out and left you in some coma state” explained Alexa.
Renova exclaimed “Entity?”
She sat up with panic on her face as the nurse continued “Don’t worry the shield is still intact.”
I wasn’t sure what the term shield meant as I write this memory down. I wound up recalling further memories as if compelled by Zerra again still snickering in my mind. Renova swung her legs off the bed and with the nurse’s help was escorted out of the stasis section towards the medical bay entrance. Reaching a bed Renova sat.
Renova sitting on the bed asked “Where’s lieutenant commander Bihuto?”
She noticed the nurse’s frowning face who spoke “Commander Bihuto was inhabited by an entity and he survived but was found dead in his quarters.”
Renova gasped with shock as the nurse handed Renova a small thin pentagon object and added “Lieutenant Alden has taken charge.”
Renova pressed some buttons on the pentagon object device connected to an implant in her hand and spoke “This is Commander Renova calling lieutenant commander Alden from Medical Bay.”
She waited as Alden replied on the communications link “Renova? I’m on my way to Medical Bay.” 
Renova sighed and watched as the nurse scanned her with an arm length scanner. 
The door to the Medical Bay opened and Jinks came in with Alden. 
Both looked shocked to see Renova who spoke “Alden, tell me what happened when I was out.” 
Alden nodded and the nurse touched a console in front of the bed. It showed a sideways view of Renova herself which Renova looked confusingly at the monitor in the Command Center while an older male wearing a black military version of the uniform Renova was wearing, entered the room with his arms folded. The monitor showed Jinks flipping his tube weapon on attracting Renova’s attention, also showed him pointing at the male with his arms folded.
Renova saw self look up and heard herself on the monitor say “I’m Commander Yana Renova, you are?”
The man curtly spoke in the same language “General Zianan.” 
Renova watching the monitor gasped out “Zianan?”
Alden spoke “Keep watching.” 
Then the monitor showed three Gate Destroyers in black clothing appear surrounding Zianan then Renova fainting and a white energy ball came out of her chest. Zianan pointed at the entity speaking some foreign words. The ball shattered falling in pieces. Then the monitor went black. 
Renova broke the silence by saying “What did this Zianan say to the entity?”
Alden replied “That’s what we’re trying to find out.”
Renova noticed anger came on Alden’s face and looked to see a tall male with short black hair standing there behind the four. There were markings of a Gate Destroyer on his left arm of his rolled black long sleeve shirt and left cheek. The Gate Destroyer’s thin shaped eyes were golden and he appeared to be glaring at them.
Renova whispered to Alden “What’s going on?’
Alden snarled out “I find the Gate Destroyers responsible for Bihuto’s death.”
The nurse spoke to Renova assuring “Don’t worry, they can’t harm you. Their leader Zianan has been poisoned by the Fishla as a way of controlling them. He must receive shots of the antidote everyday to survive.” 
Renova was about to speak when she saw Diana came by followed by Nier and Lave. Nier saw the Gate Destroyer and sneered as he walked by. He gave a strange accusingly look at the nurse as they passed by them and out of the Medical Bay. 
Renova asked “What’s going on?” 
They heard a growl come from the Gate Destroyer as Alden spoke “You’re responsible for Bihuto’s death aren’t you?”
The Gate Destroyer held up both hands. They were flesh toned and not red. 
Renova remarked “There’s some legend that when a Gate Destroyer kills their hands turn bloody red color.” 
Alden stomped her foot and the Gate Destroyer growled at them. 
Alexa spoke “I have to go attend to Zianan. I’ll send Doctor Yong here” the doctor came running up. 
“Renova!” He exclaimed “You're alright?!”
The nurse responded for Renova “Here examine her yourself.”
She handed Doctor Yong the scanner and heard the Gate Destroyer growl with both arms folded. Sighing she followed the Gate Destroyer towards the room where Zianan was. Inside the room Zianan sat on the bed with a towel in his hand while glaring at her.  
He spoke “I’m told that you’re a mind walker who scanned Nier. I believe you know what the poison is.” 
The door to the room slid shut from behind her with a locking sound and she turned to see the three Gate Destroyers disappear with their eyes black. 
Zianan stood up and spoke in a tone which Alexa recognized as one commanding someone to do something “You will tell me what the poison is.” 
Alexa gulped as she scanned the room and found to her shock that she couldn’t detect the three Gate Destroyers. She also knew scanning Zianan was useless. 
She remembered being told by her superiors, the Telepaths “’Never scan an unwilling Gate Destroyer. They have the ability to make a Telepath go insane with madness if that happens."
Zianan repeated his order firmly as he went to stand in front of Alexa while looking her in the eyes “You will tell me what the poison is.” 
I didn’t see anything else further than focusing onto Alden in the Command Center. Alden I saw grumbled to herself as the coroner sent her the Bihuto death report to the Command Center. 
She stood looking at the results on screen mumbling the words “Death by strangulation consisted of a Kang method.” 
Alden glared at the monitors showing the results as her second in command Lieutenant Ricos stood next to her frowning. 
Ricos spoke “Sounds like a Kang did this.” 
Alden spoke to him “I got riled up about the Gate Destroyers for nothing.” 
Ricos and Alden heard one of the Technicians say “Attention on Deck.”
They both looked at the sliding doors to see Renova standing there. 
She spoke “As you were.” 
Alden came up to Renova and said “I’m transferring command to you.”
Renova replied “Accepted Command.” 
Then she added “Fill me in, on what I missed.”
Alden spoke “Will do.” 
I focused onto Ambassador Nier was in Diana’s quarters when the door bell rang. He looked at the monitors next to the door to see the cameras showing Zianan standing in front of the door with his arms folded. 
“What now?” Nier grumbled to himself as he stood in front of the door and it slid open to show Zianan. 
Zianan spoke “I wish to talk to you in the hallway. Diana” at that moment Diana came out of the bedroom part of the two room apartment to stand with Lave. 
Nier noticed the dreamy look came on her face as she saw Zianan. 
Zianan continued “Diana shouldn’t have to hear this. Come to the hallway Ambassador Nier.” 
Nier frowned and spoke distractedly “Yes of course.” 
Once in the hallway with the door to the quarters slid closed Nier asked “What do you want?”
Zianan replied “Diana.” 
Nier chuckled out “As the Earthari say, too bad.” 
Zianan growled out “Diana is mine, not yours.” 
Nier spoke “Diana shouldn’t have come to exist and I intend to fix that mistake.” 
Zianan’s eyes flared golden and he pulled at his hands. Nier heard a zapping like sound of electricity coming from Zianan.
Nier spoke “Well, well Zianan restrained self hmm?”
Then the door to the quarters slid open and Diana stood with Lave behind her. 
Nier ordered “Go back to bed Diana.” 
As he turned towards the two he felt a prick of pain in his right arm. Looking at his side he saw a dart peeking out and looked at a still struggling Zianan. Two of Zianan’s familiar Gate Destroyer guards appeared with one hand on Zianan’s shoulders. Nier heard a step and looked to see a Souler came from behind the corner of the hallway as dizziness over took him. He looked to see another Gate Destroyer with short black hair appear in front of him holding a dart gun which he tossed to the Souler. Nier groaned and then he fainted. Diana looked at the Gate Destroyers who were freeing a still angry Zianan from his restraints. The Gate Destroyers had a worried look on their faces as Zianan growled. 
Diana spoke up “Please bring him in” and she backed up aside with Lave. 
The Gate Destroyers obeyed and escorted Zianan inside the quarters. Once inside as the doors closed Diana and Lave looked with shock as a white shiny ball of an entity came out of Zianan’s chest as he fell towards the floor. The three Gate Destroyers caught him as he fell, and then proceeded to hold Zianan up then the ball entered Zianan in the chest. Then the three laid him down on the floor covering his body with their bodies as a Tennan came jumping down from the ceiling. Diana with Lave watched as a cloth was put over Zianan’s moving open golden eyes and then the Tennan kneeled and reached a clawed hand touching Zianan’s scarred left cheek. A change came to the Tennan who made some keening groaning sound then fell apart into pieces of dirt. The three Gate Destroyers got up from Zianan and holding him looking out of it, up while looking at Diana and Lave. 
Diana spoke “The bed is in there” and pointed towards the bedroom.
Lave spoke “Diana, touching Zianan, on the cheek with his Kang scar is a way of feeding the entity. So avoid touching him there.”  
Diana spoke “I understand.” 
The three brought Zianan to the bedroom and laid him on the bed while Lave and Diana followed them. In the bedroom, the bald Gate Destroyer waved a finger at her and pointed to the Kang scar on his left cheek. 
Diana spoke “I get the message. Lave told me this.” 
Yawning Diana let exhaustion overcome her and lay besides Zianan’s right side. His back was on the bed and she lay on her side one hand on her swollen belly. She felt one of the Gate Destroyers take Zianan’s right arm and put it on Diana’s shoulder. Sighing she fell asleep. Zianan dreamed a dream. In it he was walking in the Trading Center while escorted by the three Gate Destroyers and the four Leaders. They were surrounding Diana holding a baby in a bundle of blankets. He looked to his right to see Alexa bent down with her head in pain from her perch on a set of stairs. Looking at his left he saw the Soulers with Human like faces standing there with masks off on another stairway perch. Their eyes were all sky blue and narrowed in a glare at Alexa. Zianan could see the four Telepaths walking towards him. He turned around and guided Diana till she was in front of him. He felt her sigh under his hands on her shoulders. He guided her towards the four Telepaths who stood watching the two. Suddenly the Telepaths gripped their heads in pain. Two of them dropped their weapons in their hands. Zianan looked to see that a female Souler had joined the four Soulers bearing a Human face. Zianan gasped for the female Souler looked familiar and reminded him of someone. She had all blue eyes and light colored blonde hair stood staring at him with a Human face twin to his but made him think of his Mother. Zianan woke up angry. His golden eyes scanned the room from his back on the bed. He saw a Fishla sitting in a chair next to the bed asleep. He felt something on his right side to see a sleeping Diana with his right arm on her shoulder. He squeezed his right hand and felt her stiffen but she stayed asleep. Reaching with his left hand, he settled it on her swollen abdomen through the folds of her dress to feel the baby kicking from inside her. She moaned a bit while rubbing absent mildly over his hand. He felt for the baby’s head, and pressed her abdomen then with his left hand guided the baby in birth position.
He whispered “Your mine, Diana, mine.” 
Zianan satisfied opened his right hand and the baby inside Diana stopped kicking. Zianan cuddled Diana closer to him and closed his eyes to let sleep overcome him. I wound up focusing onto someone else instead of on Zianan. I focused onto Ambassador Karn was in his apartment with his assistant a female named Quan. 
He ordered “See that the business deal with Ambassador Gheorge is set.” 
Quan spoke “Yes sir.”
Then Karn went to the door and it slid open. He took a step out as Zianan with his Gate Destroyer escort appeared all with black eyes, in front of the Ambassador whose wide mouth turned down into a frown. Karn noticed one of them was missing.
Zianan’s eyes turned hazel and he spoke in Fishla “Let’s talk poisons.” 
Karn exhaled air and he heard Quan from behind him speak in his native language “Shall I call security?”
Karn spoke in native language to Quan “No.”
Karn asked in Fishla to Zianan “What is it you want?”
Zianan spoke “You’re responsible for the poison that Ambassador Nier gave me.” 
Karn exhaled air with shock. 
He heard Quan from besides his right speaks in native language “How did he find out about this?”
Karn asked in Fishla “what makes you think this theory?”
Then Karn felt a pin prick on his shoulder and looked to see a dart sticking out of his shiny gold uniform. 
Zianan replied angrily “It’s no theory.” 
Karn stared at Zianan to see the Gate Destroyers eyes turned black and they disappeared. 
Quan spoke native language noticing the dart sticking out of Karn’s shoulder “Oh! They poisoned you!” 
I didn’t see what happened next. Instead focused onto the Command Center, Renova wearily sat down in one of the chairs. She sat as her thin pentagon communication's link device beeped from her hand. 
Pressing a button on the communications link Renova spoke “Renova here, yes?”
She heard the voice of Doctor Yong speaking “Commander, we have a problem. Come to the Medical Bay.” 
Renova spoke “Will do, Renova out.” 
She pressed a button on the communications' link and got up from the chair and noticing Alden looking at her with a questioning look on her face added “It’s Doctor Yong says there’s a problem. I’m going to Medical Bay. You’re in charge, Alden.” 
Alden nodded as Renova turned and left the room. 
Doctor Yong stood next to Ambassador Karn and Ambassador Nier, both lying on separate beds in the Medical Bay. Air masks were on their faces as they lay asleep.  He looked to see the clear doors open and Renova came in. 
The Doctor seeing her spoke “It’s Zianan; he and his minions poisoned Ambassadors Nier and Karn.” 
Renova groaned out “Oh what by the One is he doing?” 
She looked questioningly at the doctor who spoke “It’s the same kind of poison Zianan was injected with called Dula.” 
Renova asked “What kind of poison is that?”
The Doctor replied “A poison that weakens the immune system. It appears to make Zianan sleep instead of weakening him.”
Renova remarked “The cure for Dula, I’ve heard is that breathing the Gas in the Gas Air Sector for how long?”
The doctor answered “You heard right. It depends on the person and how quickly they can get the poison out of their system. It’ll take according to tests about twenty four standard planetary hours for the poison to pass through the systems of Ambassadors Nier and Karn.”
Renova frowned staring at a sleeping Karn and spoke “What about Zianan?”
“Judging by the test results, I say it’ll take him one standard planetary hour of breathing the Gas Air for the poison to pass his system” said the doctor. 
Renova frowned and spoke out loud “I wonder why Zianan poisoned these two.” 
A new voice spoke “I don’t appreciate being poisoned.” 
Doctor Yong groaned recognizing the voice to belong to Zianan who materialized in front of Renova and himself. Zianan’s arms were folded and his eyes changed from black to hazel stood glaring at them. 
Renova spoke “Poisoning the Ambassadors isn’t going to solve a thing.” 
A snarl like growl came from Zianan as his face turned into a sneer. 
Renova added “Please, I could press charges.” 
Zianan sneered out “Oh right.” 
At that moment he was interrupted by a loud alarm as a Souler came in with sword drawn walking in the Medical Bay. 
Doctor Yong seeing the Souler yelled “Your kind isn’t welcome here!”
Zianan snarled as the Souler pointed with the sword at him and gestured to follow him. Growling Zianan followed the Souler outside the Medical Bay. The alarms stopped ringing as the Souler left. Renova and Doctor Yong stood watching the two from the clear doors of the Medical Bay. They saw the Souler with back to the duo lean forward and appeared to be whispering something to Zianan’s right ear that reacted violently growling with his eyes golden. Then the Souler left Zianan who walked inside the Medical Bay with a glare on his face. His eyes turned back to its normal color as his three Gate Destroyer escorts appeared to surround Zianan, who looked at them with a questioningly look on his face. Zianan felt the familiar weakness feeling come and let his escorts lead him to a bed next to the sleeping ambassadors. 
Doctor Yong said with Renova hearing him “I shouldn’t be doing this.” 
Renova watched as Zianan lay down on the bed closing his eyes. Doctor Yong put an air mask on Zianan’s face and flicked some switches as air hissed coming from tubes attached to the air mask. He walked to Renova who stood with a shocked expression on her face. The Gate Destroyer escorts stood surrounding Zianan lying on the bed asleep. 
Doctor Yong spoke to Renova “As a Doctor I have an oath to help all forms of life whether their enemy or not.” 
Renova nodded and ordered “I would like progress reports on those three.”
Doctor Yong spoke “It will be done.” 
Renova gave out a yawn which Doctor Yong noticed by speaking “Get some sleep, Commander and that’s an order from a medical Doctor.” 
Leader Jinks came in the Medical Bay with T’La and D’Clan just as Diana came in with Lave. Lave looked at the three Leaders with an apparent annoyance look on his face. 
D’Clan spoke for the three “Respects Leader One, they made us leave the Command Center.”
Diana, they noticed walked to a sleeping Zianan and gripped his hand. 
T’La signed talking with her hands which D’Clan translated “T’La asks what’s going on with him?”
She pointed to Zianan lying asleep on the Medical bed with an air mask on his face. 
Doctor Yong spoke “Oh I gave him the cure for the Dula poison which is part of my oath as a medical doctor to save life including enemies’ life.”
D’Clan hand signed the doctor’s words to T’La who gave a shrugging motion with her shoulders. Jinks noticing Renova yawn walked up to her and took her right hand which she stared at him. Jinks took her hand in his hand and affectionately squeezed it to his chest.
He continued to hold her hand as D’Clan spoke “Terror likes you Commander; he would like to escort you to your quarters and be there watching you.” 
Renova opened her mouth to speak when Lave remarked “I believe that’s a good idea and it can’t hurt to have a Leader watching the Commander. Would you do it Terror?”
Renova protested “I can take care of myself.” 
Jinks, I figured was actually named Terror, despite thinking the Jinks’ name, hand signed with his free hand to D’Clan who spoke “Terror says ‘Yes’”.
Lave spoke despite a glare from Renova “Good, Leader Terror will be your escort from now on Commander, just as a precaution.” 
Renova yawned again and Lave added “Terror escort the Commander to section eight, command quarters number two.”
Terror gripped Renova’s hand and she yawning allowed him to lead her out of the Medical Bay. 
Doctor Yong sighed and spoke “Leader Lave, what brings you and Diana here? It’s not time for the scheduled C-section.”
He meant the cesarean section operation which would take the baby out of Diana through her abdomen area. The Doctor noticed D’Clan sign his words to T’La who abruptly turned her mouth into a frown.
Diana answered for Lave by speaking “I must admit I’m very fond of Zianan and I have reason to believe that he’s the Father.”
Lave noticed the nurse Alexa came in the large room from down the hallway, spoke “Have you tested Zianan for paternity?”
One of the Gate Destroyers, the bald one, near Zianan gave out a loud growl and folded his arms narrowing his black eyes at the doctor who said “In order to do that I’ll have to draw some of his blood and compare it with the baby. I don’t think they’ll allow anyone near him with a needle.” 
Diana spoke “Let me do it.” 
The black haired Gate Destroyer standing next to her growled loudly for all to hear and folded his arms with his black eyes narrowed at Diana. Diana looked to see the blonde Gate Destroyer also standing next to Diana put a hand on his black haired comrade shoulder. The black haired one looked at the blonde companion and gave a loud growl which the blonde one responded with a growl. 
Diana begged “Please, let me know who the Father is.” 
The bald Gate Destroyer growled which the black haired one bristled giving off a growl.
The Doctor spoke “Nurse, give her the syringe to draw his blood please.” 
Alexa went to the cupboard in the wall followed by T’La and took out an empty syringe which was yanked out of her hands by T’La. 
D’Clan spoke “T’La suspects that the Gate Destroyers won’t let the nurse near him.”
They watched as T’La handed the bald one the empty syringe that examined with his hands and then handed it to Diana.
Doctor Yong spoke “There’s an implant in his right side arm.”
The bald Gate Destroyer pulled the sleeve of Zianan’s right arm showing a small round object in his arm. 
Doctor Yong continued “Inject the syringe in the middle of the implant and fill it completely with his blood.” 
As Diana injected the syringe, Zianan woke up growling with his eyes golden. His comrades were quick to restrain him as Diana completed the doctor’s orders. Zianan went back to sleep as she took the filled syringe to the doctor who took it and went to a console with a large monitor screen in the wall behind him. He stuck the syringe into a small hole in the console and tapped some keys as the blood in the syringe emptied into the console. He heard a humming sound come from the computer and then the monitor showed the results for them to see. 
Diana sighed rubbing her swollen abdomen through the folds of her loose dress as Lave smiled when he saw the results thinking “Justen is the Father.” 
He noticed nurse Alexa’s eyes narrow in anger and frowned. Then Alexa’s eyes turned black and focused on him as he felt an invisible hand sweeping in his mind. 
Lave thought “Oh a spy.” 
He saw Alexa’s mouth move and he felt pain in his head as if a headache was coming on while feeling the invisible hand moving through his head. Abruptly Diana groaned loudly and bent down gripping her swollen abdomen.
Doctor Yong seeing Diana in distress yelled “Nurse, get a scanner now!” 
Alexa’s eyes went to normal while she went to grab a scanner Lave picked up Diana and settled her on top of Zianan lying on the bed. 
The Gate Destroyers looked alarmed as Diana groaned out “Oh by the One. The baby is kicking hard and it hurts.”
Alexa handed the Doctor an arm length scanner and waved over Diana’s body while curled up in a ball on top of Zianan.  Diana’s hands was rubbing her abdomen.  
The doctor explained to a concerned Lave “The pain isn’t labor pains but coming from the baby kicking from inside her.” 
Lave and the Doctor heard Zianan speak loudly from the air mask “She lives for she’s mine. The baby is mine.” 
They looked to see Zianan’s eyes were open with his head up was staring at them unseeingly while speaking thru the air mask continued “You won’t win taking the baby away like you did the first two times.” 
Lave noticed Zianan looking with a glare at Alexa as he added “I may have signed an agreement, but agreements can be broken.”
Lave saw Alexa’s eyes turn black and she whispered a word as Zianan groaned and closed his eyes lowering his head as if falling asleep. 
Lave asked “What’s he talking about?” 
He noticed Alexa’s eyes turned back to normal. 
Doctor Yong replied “I have no idea but scans indicate that it’s not the first time she was pregnant.” 
Lave stared at Doctor Yong who continued “Tests on her body indicates that she was carrying offsprings before this one.” 
Lave asked “Diana, do you remember anything before?”
Diana lay on top of Zianan while holding rubbing her swollen abdomen in her hands. 
She replied strained “There are three dreams. First of a younger me about an Earthari age of youngness, giving birth first in a cave like area with a younger looking Zianan here around the same age as me, besides me helping me give birth to a son. Then the second dream shows me older giving birth to a girl in a gray room with again Zianan. Each time after birth the baby was taken away.”
She groaned as Doctor Yong ran the scanner over her and Lave asked “Continue, what the third dream is?”
Diana answered “The third dream shows me at the present age I am now, walking through a crowded area, appears to be the station's Trading Center. This includes with Zianan in front of me with others. It’s too fuzzy to see who was surrounding me. The others are attacked and the baby is taken from my arms and I wake up.”  
Lave spoke “Doctor have you examined her for a memory erasing machine called Baron?” while noticing the surprised and shocked look on the nurse’s face.
Doctor Yong stared at him with a confused look on his face as the other Gate Destroyers narrowed their eyes. Lave noticed the Gate Destroyers looking at the nurse Alexa with narrowed eyes. He saw the bald one point his finger to his head in a T’La sign which Lave recognized to be for mind walker then point to the nurse. Lave noticed D’Clan signing away to T’La who stood facing D’Clan with her black eyes narrowed and arms were folded.
Lave explained “There’s a hand held machine called Baron common among my people used to erase the memories of criminals who serve a new life as punishment.”
He pulled out a hand held console from a hidden pocket in his robes and flicked the projector switch. It showed a Fishla with back to the camera monitor, in gray was lying on a table in an apparent black room, with the back of the head exposed. There was a white spot light shining on Fishla in gray lying on the stomach. The scene showed another Fishla wearing a mask covering the mouth and nose, dressed in of white came in the scene. The masked Fishla held up a large, thick triangle like object with two hands. The white Fishla put the object on the back of the Fishla in gray’s head near the neck area. The Fishla in gray jerked as if screaming while being tied to the board by chains. Then the projector went black. Lave pushed the button the projector reverted back into the hand held console in his hand and he put it away in a hidden pocket. 
Doctor Yong broke the silence by saying “That’s very interesting.”
Lave spoke “Can you use your scanners on those two for” gesturing with his hand to Zianan and Diana.
He continued “Scarring like marks in the back of their heads under the skin? It should be shaped like a small triangle.” 
Doctor Yong nodded and then adjusted the scanner as he spoke “Diana, move your hair please.” 
Diana obeyed holding her tailed hair up from her position while sitting on Zianan. 
Alexa noticed Lave staring at her with an unreadable look on his face and folded her arms while watching the doctor touched the back of Diana’s head with the scanner.
The doctor spoke “Odd there’s a triangle like scar under the skin in the back of Diana’s head like a laser mark. It appears to be on top of several triangle scar marks like from repeated use.”
Lave could feel the mind walker Alexa scan his mind as he looked at her. Her narrowed black eyes widen and he nodded his head in confirming what she scanned in his mind. Then her eyes went back to normal as Doctor Yong looked up from scanner to look at her then at the three Gate Destroyers standing around Zianan.
He spoke “With respects, please hold the General up. I have to touch the back of his head with the scanner.” 
The three Gate Destroyers lifted up a still sleeping Zianan in a sitting position with Diana clinging to him. 
Doctor Yong touched the back of Zianan’s head with the scanner and said “Odd again, there’s triangle scar marks from repeated use.” 
The Gate Destroyers lowered Zianan onto the bed still sleeping away, wearing the air mask with Diana lying on him.
He put the scanner in its holster at the foot of the bed and stared at Lave while speaking “Lave, what’s going on?”
Lave noticed Alexa staring at him answered “There were three prototypes of the Baron machine when it was created twenty Earthari years ago. One of them was stolen by Earthari Telepaths also known as mind walkers. It’s been suspected that they have been using the Baron machine for their purposes using it on people they don’t like, as a sort of punishment. It is also suspected that they’ve been using the Baron to manipulate people in doing things that suit their purposes.” 
At that moment the alarm shrilled as a Souler with a sword in hand came in the Medical Bay through the open clear doors. 
Doctor Yong yelled “Soulers aren’t welcome here!”  
The Souler pointed to Lave with the sword and gestured him to follow. Lave exhaled air followed the Souler out of the Medical Bay to the hallway leading towards the Trading Center. In the Trading Center, Lave followed the Souler towards the elevator leading to the Souler sector. The elevator opened and Lave went inside. 
Lave thought to self as the elevator went down “They found out what I did born as a Human Telepath that got changed into a Fishla to steal that Baron machine.”
I didn’t see what happened next but saw that over a standard planetary hour later, Zianan woke up growling, Doctor Yong who was standing next to him and took off the air mask on Zianan’s face. He went to the console at the foot of the bed and flicked some switches while putting the air mask on the console.
The doctor spoke to the Gate Destroyers “The General according to scanners is completely cured from the poison and is now immune to it.” 
Zianan looked to see his bald companion standing over him looking at him with a concerned look on his face. Zianan heard whispering from the blonde comrade near his right ear, telling him the events of what happened when he was out unconscious. 
Zianan whispered to the blonde one “Baron, the machine, if figures why I have gaps in my memory.”
As he sat up he felt Diana stir from sleeping on his left side. She yawned and stretched her arms feeling Zianan’s arms come around her as he sat up. Zianan held her in a hug and kissed her forehead. 
He rubbed a hand on where his child lay inside Diana who moaned and whispered to her “I won’t let them take the baby without a fight.”
The doors to the Medical Bay opened and Lave came walking in with a frown on his face. 
His face brightened in a smile when he saw Zianan up and awake and spoke “Glad to see that you’re awake, General Zianan.” 
Zianan growled at Lave who added “Yes I see your comrade told you the events of what happened while you were out, General Zianan.”
The alien Ambassadors walked inside the Medical Bay as Zianan came out with Diana escorted by the Gate Destroyers.
Zianan spoke “Excuse me” in Fishla as they passed the alien Ambassadors. 
They watched as Zianan with group walked down the hallway and went around a corner. 
Ambassador Gheorge spoke “What’s the name of that Gate Destroyer?”
Alexa came by hearing Gheorge’s question answered “That’s Zianan leader of the Gate Destroyers.”
The Ambassadors muttered among themselves and left the Medical Bay followed by a glaring Lave. Inside the two room quarters, Zianan stood watching Diana change out of her clothes in the private room. His arms were folded and there was an approving look on his face as he saw her form. Diana went to the shower with a curtain hanging from it. Sighing she pulled the curtain closed only to have part of it open by Zianan who stood with a stare while still in his uniform. Diana touched some buttons and the water came spilling out of the faucet. She sigh a Human trait and let the water cleanse her as she scrubbed with some soap. She rubbed her swollen abdomen where the baby lay inside her. Diana frowned with her back to Zianan in the shower thinking while letting the water wash off the soap. She was thinking as she closed her eyes of wanting Zianan rub her back with his hands in the shower. 
Then the image of Zianan turned into the Commandant who said “Agreement.” 
The shower water abruptly turned off as she looked to see Zianan’s hand snake away from the shower buttons. 
Diana heard him say “You been in there long enough.” 
Diana got out and Zianan handed her a towel which she proceeded to dry herself and he folded his arms to watch her. 
She broke the silence by saying “After you signed the paper, they made me sign one agreeing to give the baby to them.” 
She looked at Zianan who was looking at his right hand then closed it in a fist. Pain came to her as the baby kicked from within. She gasped as a memory came to her mind. She was dressed in a brown robe, in a cave like room with rocks around looking younger and fully pregnant as she was, when a younger looking Zianan dressed in all brown clothing, came in the room with his wrists chained together. The Commandant was with him. 
The Commandant spoke “Justen, you will fist your right hand.” 
Zianan looked at him with confusion on his face as the Commandant spoke again “Do it or face Barron.” 
Zianan gripped his right hand in a fist as Diana jerked forward gripping her abdomen with her hands as pain came to her as the baby kicked inside her. 
The Commandant spoke again “You will grip your left hand and squeeze it.” 
Zianan obeyed and Diana screamed from pain of labor hitting her as her water broke. Diana blinked her eyes from the memory remembering what happened next which resulted in her going in painful labor having her son, Declan which was taken away after birth. 
She saw Zianan with his fist still close lean towards her whispering “You’re mine, the baby’s mine. Agreements can be broken.”  
He unclasped his right hand and the baby from within stopped its barrage of kicking. Diana stared at him as Zianan handed her, her clothes which she put on. Zianan put a hand on her shoulder which Diana had to refrain herself from sighing of pleasure as he escorted her out of the private room to the bedroom. He helped her lie down and stood watching her lay on the bed. 
Zianan felt a hand on his shoulder to see the bald Gate Destroyer with a snarl pointed at the bed speaking in guttural language “Sleep with her.”
Zianan felt tiredness come to him and lay on the bed at Diana’s left. He felt her turn to her side curled up to him and fell asleep. 
In the command center, Commander Renova came in with Terror walking behind her. Alden saw him said rudely “What’s that Leader doing here? Their not allowed.” 
Renova looked at Terror who pointed to his throat as gesture that he couldn’t talk. 
Groaning Renova spoke “Leader Lave insisted that this Leader, Terror as he’s called, escort me.” 
Alden was about to speak when the Alien Ambassadors came in. 
Renova snarled out “I believe you’re not wanted here.” 
Ambassador Gheorge spoke “We saw this Gate Destroyer Leader, Zianan who I detected has an entity inside him.” 
Lave hearing those words came in the room as Alden spoke “Spread the word.” 
Lave interrupted “You will not and close the doors, I have something I wish to show you.” 
He pulled out his hand held console from a pocket as Renova shrugged and ordered “Close the doors.”
The thick double doors to the command center closed with a bang. All eyes were on Lave who walked to the table with switches on it. He put the hand held console into an opening in the table and flicked some switches. The large monitor on the wall flashed showing a scene of a man appearing to be Zianan at his current age kneeling in a circle of light with chains. He was growling some guttural language while pulling on his chains. There were Fishla with covered in white with masks on their lower faces who came into the viewer.  They held up a large square box which glowed. Then the box opened and a white shiny ball of light came out and flew towards Zianan entering him in the chest that leaned backwards like he was hit in the face. Renova flinched hearing Zianan speak in Fishla from the monitor. Then the screen went black. She turned to look at Lave who yanked the console from the table. 
Lave spoke “We of Fishla is responsible for the creation of Zianan. Without a leader, the Gate Destroyers will go insane murdering people to suit their purposes.” 
The doors to the Command Center opened as Lieutenant Ricas came in the room with a confused look on his face. He suddenly was jerked to the side like he was pushed and the group heard the familiar growl of a Gate Destroyer. 
Ambassador Gheorge spoke “Impossible, I can’t detect them.” 
Ricas looked more confused looking behind him with a frown. 
Lave spoke “Don’t worry about that Gate Destroyer. Keep this business among yourselves. I made an agreement” as a Souler came in the room with sword drawn. 
Lave noticing the Souler bowed and the Souler inclined the hooded covered head towards him.
Ambassador Nier grumbled to himself as he walked towards Diana’s quarters from the Medical Bay. He was completely cured of the Dula poison. 
He muttered “She’ll pay for this.” 
He put his hand on the door and spoke again “Open.” 
The door stayed closed and refused to open. Grumbling, Ambassador Nier pressed the intercom besides the doorbell switch.
 “Diana, open the door!” he yelled in the intercom. 
The door opened and he turned to face the bald Gate Destroyer who stood there with a golden eye gleam in his eyes who snarled at the Ambassador. 
He saw Zianan come from behind the bald one speaking “I’m sorry but you’re not permitted to be near Diana.” 
Ambassador Nier sneered out “Says who, you that sniveling Gate Destroyer leader, Zianan?’
Then the Ambassador felt a tap on his shoulder and looked to see a Souler standing next to him with sword drawn. The Souler to Nier’s shock pointed down the hallway with the sword. 
Zianan spoke firmly “This is enforced by the Soulers.” 
Nier stared at Zianan as the Souler held the sword in a threatening motion towards him.
Nier spoke “You’ll regret this” as the Souler pushed him down the hallway. 
 Days later Zianan was about to enter the Medical Bay with Diana behind him escorted by his guards when he heard a voice in his mind speak guttural “You must trust others with Diana.”
Looking around he saw a Souler standing at the end of the hallway. Then he saw a security officer came running down the hallway towards him. 
He growled a bit as the security officer spoke to Zianan “There’s a Gate Destroyer in the Trading Center looking angry.”
Zianan spoke to his escorts and Diana “Go in the Medical Bay, will meet you there.” 
He followed the security officer to the Trading Center. 
In the Command Center, Terror who stood watching one of the monitors, with an intense looks on his face. 
One of the technicians noticed Terror watching a monitor spoke “Put Monitor sixty five on screen.” 
A large screen showed a scene. At the Trading Center on the ground floor area, Zianan stood watching the Gate Destroyer a long haired male with black hair and golden eyes stood. 
Zianan thought “It’s your move.” 
Some instinct took over Zianan who reached with both arms and grabbed, by the necks, two Gate Destroyers both males, who appeared in his hands. With great strength, Zianan lifted up both Gate Destroyers and threw them in front of him. He heard a thud behind himself and heard the crowd gasp. Looking to his left, Zianan saw a Gate Destroyer male lying on the ground with D’Clan and T’La who got up from the Gate Destroyer. The long haired Gate Destroyer threw a round object at Zianan. At that moment T’La grabbed a fork from a table and threw it at the round object which fell to the ground. 
The crowd and Zianan heard D’Clan loudly say, “Who will speak for you?”
The Gate Destroyers on the ground got up and disappeared as the long haired Gate Destroyer’s golden eyes turned black and then disappeared. Zianan grumbled to himself and walked towards the Medical Bay followed by D’Clan and T’La. Reaching the hallway leading to the Medical Bay he saw his three Gate Destroyers lying on the floor in front of the doors with a Souler standing nearby and no Diana. Reaching the group, Zianan saw a note on the bald Gate Destroyer. He pulled up the note and read the contents before crumbling it onto the floor. He gave the Souler a glare then proceeded to walk down the hallway. The Souler at the moment was using the sword blocked D’Clan and T’La from following Zianan. T’La picked up the crumbled note which fell apart in her hands. Zianan walked down the maze of hallways till he reached a round door in the wall and yanked it open. Inside Zianan saw was a large vast like room with an upper deck. 
The door slammed behind him as he walked in the room and saw several spotlights shine on figures, one who spoke “That’s far enough.” 
Zianan folded his arms and as another spotlight appeared shining on a familiar pregnant figure who was chained to the fence wall. Her head was covered but her figure was seen through her robe. Zianan growled a small growl recognizing the speaker to be Dege Rollins and clinging to him was a child of ten looking afraid. Like most of the people in the room they had a child around the age of ten clinging to themselves.  Dege Rollins he remembered was the one who accused him of murder back in some back water space colony, Zianan mused to himself.
Dege Rollins held up a handgun pointing it at the chained figure speaking “It’s your move, Justen.” 
Zianan turned his eyes black and disappeared. 
He heard Dege yell out “Where is the bad man?”
The child clinging to Dege pointed to where Zianan stood who appeared. Zianan frowned recalling that children could see Gate Destroyers in their hidden form. He curled his right hand in a fist. The chained figure didn’t move, Zianan noticed to his shock, just stood chained. Zianan felt poking in his back and then poking at his folded arms at both sides. He looked to see Tennans who were poking him. 
Zianan heard Dege say “I made an agreement with the Tennans.” 
Zianan heard one of the Tennans whisper “No talk, make Diana labor now, upper deck.” 
Zianan keeping his right hand fisted lowered both arms and curled his left hand into a fist with a glare on his face. Diana groaned muffled from the mouth piece as she felt the baby kick her from inside her. She sat tied to a chair in a small room on the upper deck in the room with her mouth covered. Ambassador Nier stood watching her with a sneer on his face. Standing at Diana’s side was a male Gate Destroyer with sun colored hair with a small ponytail in the back of his head that stood watching Ambassador Nier. Ambassador Nier leaned down and touched Diana’s abdomen. 
“Baby’s kicking” he said sneering as Diana noticed the Gate Destroyer’s eyes turn golden and then went to stare at the window while looking down at the scene with arms folded. 
Ambassador Nier stopped touching Diana and he turned towards the window to look out at the scene. Diana felt a new pain which she recognized as the baby twisted inside her. A small groan came from her as she saw the Gate Destroyer look at her with golden eyes at her pleading ones. The Gate Destroyer turned his eyes towards the window pulling at his loose hair. In the Command Center Alden paced grumbling to herself while looking at the large monitor. Renova got up from the chair at the table and stood next to Terror watching the large monitor as Alden paced. Terror frowned seeing Alden for he recognized the body language coming from her according to what Leader Lave told him. She was unclasping her arms folding them and unfolding them. Then she kicked the chair violently. 
Renova spoke “Sit down Alden, your pacing is annoying.” 
The door to the Command Center opened as a Souler came in the room and stood watching Renova and Alden. 
Alden muttered out loud “Gate Destroyers, ugh.” 
Terror immediately put a hand on Renova’s shoulder and stared at Alden who kept pacing. Suddenly to Renova’s shock a Gate Destroyer male appeared behind Alden. He grabbed Alden who growled a familiar growl of a Gate Destroyer. Alden’s eyes turned golden as her words in Human’s language became garbled growling not translated by the computer. Terror guided Renova out of the way as the Gate Destroyer holding onto Alden hauled her kicking and growling from the room, while being followed by a Souler. 
Renova shot Terror a glaring look speaking “You knew didn’t you?”
Terror pointed to his throat to gesture his not speaking ability. 
Renova continued speaking looking around the room “I’ll have anyone’s head if word of this ruinous case comes out.” 
 In the warehouse room Zianan stood watching Dege still pointing the gun speak “You will kneel, Justen or she gets it.” 
Zianan ignored him and proceeded to look around the room. 
He heard Dege speak again with nervousness in his voice “Kneel” as Zianan saw the dark upper deck. 
Two figures stood faintly behind a black window as Zianan saw he growled for he recognized one of the figures reach up pulling hair like a Gate Destroyer.
Diana through the haze of pain heard Ambassador Nier speak “Come on Justen talk! Prove your Zianan!” 
She saw the Gate Destroyer look at the Ambassador with a stare on his golden eye face. 
Ambassador Nier continued speaking while noticing the Gate Destroyer staring at him with golden eyes “Justen is Zianan.” 
The Gate Destroyer gave a small sound which Diana recognized to be laughter. 
Ambassador Nier begged “Please, Justen is Zianan. Diana is his mate and the Father of her child.” 
The Gate Destroyer smiled and gave a sound of laughter at Ambassador Nier who added “Why are you laughing? I told you the truth.” 
Abruptly the lights in the warehouse room went out darken everything in blackness. Diana heard Nier scream some sound and heard a sound of glass breaking. Then she felt someone undid the ropes binding her to the chair and lift her up. In the darkness, the figure proceeded to carry her down a set of stairs to smoke that made her cough. She heard a familiar growl and she was lifted out of the arms from the figure to muscular arms that felt like Zianan’s through the thick fabric. She put her arms around his neck and he carried her out of the room. She blinked her eyes in the light of the hallway and looked at Zianan’s face. His jaw was set in, twitching and Diana could feel anger radiating throughout him as he carried her down a maze of hallways pass doorways. 
“Medical Bay, the baby’s coming!” she spoke while looking at Zianan’s hazel eyes. 
Ignoring her request he walked to a door from a maze of the hallways, which she recognized to be her quarters and it opened. Carrying her inside he laid her groaning in pain on the couch. 
Then Zianan went to the console on the wall with a monitor screen and spoke in Fishla “Contact Medical Bay sent the doctor to this location.”
He fingered some switches on the console and turned to face Diana with a growl speaking “Show self”. 
The air materialized, Diana saw with shock showing the same Gate Destroyer who was standing next to Nier before the lights went out, standing in front of Zianan. 
The Gate Destroyer spoke some guttural language to Zianan, which to Diana understood his words “You’re Zianan.” 
Alexa walked through the maze of the hallways towards Diana’s apartment. She rang the doorbell and waited with a hand in her pocket. She fingered the dart gun in her pocket ready to pull it out. The door opened to show Diana with pain in her eyes, lying on the couch facing the doorway. Next to her was Zianan, kneeling, was apparently whispering something to Diana with his head close to her face. 
He affectingly rubbed Diana’s face with his face as he whispered the words “I love you.”
Alexa sighed and walked in hand still in her pocket and then Zianan spoke firmly to the nurse, “She holds the baby” while turning his head to look at her with a glare.
The nurse nodded her head and then went to work. There was a squealing cry of a baby as Alexa handed the baby to Diana. 
“It’s a boy.” Alexa said as she pulled Diana’s dress down and put a blanket over her. 
The door opened and Lave came in with D’clan and T’La as the nurse stood up to face them. 
Lave ordered with a narrowed eyed glare “Nurse leave.” 
Alexa gathered her stuff in her handle box and then left the quarters to down the hall. At the end of the hallway she met a man with a child clinging to his leg, who stood sneering. 
He spoke “Name’s Dege Rollins.”
The child spoke “Bad men.” 
Dege asked “Where?”
The child pointed down the hallway where the three, Zianan’s escort came appearing in front of them, as they walked by the nurse, Dege and the child. The three stood and watched as Zianan’s escort reached the door to the quarters and stood as if they were guards.
Dege spoke “I have some information I wish to pass to you.” 
He covered the child’s eyes and Alexa scanned him with her telepathy. Nodding her head, Alexa went to the elevator as Dege with the child went down the hallway. 
Inside Diana’s quarters Lave closed the door and spoke to Zianan, “Declan” while putting a hand on D’Clan’s shoulder and then he added as he put a hand on T’La’s shoulder, “Jaya.” 
D’Clan looked at Lave with a weird confused look as T’La looked at Zianan. She could see a range of emotions pass on Zianan’s face but saw him shake with anger as he leaned his face on Diana’s head with his fists closed. 
Diana sat on the couch staring at the baby in her arms and spoke to Zianan “Call him, Justin.” 
The doorbell rang and Lave looked at the monitors to see Zianan’s three familiar Gate Destroyers outside. The bald one was pressing the doorbell’s switch. 
Lave spoke “Open” and the door opened. 
The three Gate Destroyers wordlessly walked up to Zianan who was growling and looked at them with a golden eyed glare. Diana sat up slowly from the couch still holding on to the baby, Justin. The three grabbed Zianan who struggled. 
Lave held up a hand and finger spelled “It’s alright” while noticing T’La put hands on her hips.
Then Lave put a hand over his mouth as a sign to T’La who go the message and clamped her mouth shut. T’La handed Diana a set of cloth diapers the nurse left on the kitchen counter unit and a small baby blanket as she and her brother watched as a shiny white entity ball came out of Zianan. The three Gate Destroyers lowered him to the floor and the entity went back inside Zianan thru his chest. T’La and D’Clan watched as a Tennan jumped down from the ceiling and touched Zianan’s left cheek with the Gate Destroyer’s eyes covered. The young Leaders saw as the Tennan reacted with pain and the body crumbled apart leaving a pile of dirt on the floor as a round robotic machine came out of the lower wall where the monitors were and scooped up the dirt then went to its position in the wall. The three Gate Destroyers half carried Zianan as a fourth Gate Destroyer appeared and helped them carry Zianan towards the bedroom. The four laid Zianan down on the bed that fell asleep. A squealing cry reminded Diana of baby Justin’s hunger. She went to the bedroom, sat on the bed and pulled the blanket over her shoulder as she adjusted her dress. The four Gate Destroyers frowned at each other as Diana fed the baby.  Sometime during Zianan’s sleep, he woke up to see Diana sitting on the edge of the bed, near his legs while, holding his son. She was whispering to D’Clan. D’Clan was signing the conversation with his hands to T’La. Their whispering stopped as they stared at Zianan with normal hazel eyes, who sat up with a growling glare on his face. The bald Gate Destroyer walked forward but stopped when Zianan held up a hand. Diana scooted over to show baby Justin to Zianan who leaned over with an intense serious look on his face. 
He whispered to her “Agreements can be broken.” 
He heard Diana sigh as she held the baby in her arms. Then he lay down to sleep. Diana saw D’Clan and T’La leave the room to the outer room. 
She got up to follow when she heard Zianan speak in a commanding tone from the bed “Diana, stay.” 
Diana walked towards the bed and sat on it in a leaning position against the pillows next to Zianan holding baby Justin. Diana was asleep sitting up leaning against the pillows when she felt someone rubbing her head with a hand. The hand felt good to her that a sigh of pleasure came out of her lips as she opened her eyes to stare at Zianan whose eyes turned golden in a glare. He handed her the baby from his sitting position and got up with a glaring stare. Diana held the baby with a frown and saw him turn his back to her as he walked towards the double doors leading to the outer room of the two room quarters. 
She bravely spoke “Justen, stay.” 
It took every ounce of control to keep the tremor of fear out of her voice as she again ordered “Stay.” 
Justen reached for the double doors with his left hand when he saw something shiny on his hand with his back to Diana. He held up the hand and stared as he saw a shiny golden ring around one of his fingers. 
“Agreements can be broken.” he thought as he stared at the ring with a frown while closing his eyes. 
Diana got up from the bed while holding baby Justin and walked towards Zianan who put down his left hand. Reaching him she stood in front of Zianan shifting the baby onto her right arm and stared at him with his eyes closed. She put her left hand on his right sided cheek as he opened his eyes that were golden. He stiffened when he felt something hard jutting from one of her fingers on her hand and realized that it was a ring around her finger. 
Sighing she leaned against him her forehead resting against his chin and leaned onto him while speaking “I heard you what you said the moment I was in labor with the baby.” 
Zianan frowned but kept his mouth shut and his arms to his sides while she leaned against him. I wound up focusing to write on something else via my mind. I wrote another scene in this journal as if compelled to do it. Zianan and group were walking through the Trading Center's ground floor when I heard a sound of gun firing in the air. Zianan turned around to see his comrades hit the floor as other people came attacking them. He looked to see Alexa standing on a set of stairs on his right with black eyes and in front of him at the other end of the Trading Center were a row of five people like Alexa wearing black uniforms of a Telepath. Growling to himself he pushed Diana holding the baby in her arms, in front of him towards the row of people. Then Zianan felt the entity inside of him come barreling through his chest. His last sight was Diana and the baby as he fell unconscious. 
He woke up to hear the word “Justen.”
Shaking his head he opened his eyes to face Ambassador Gheorge whose eyes turned from black to normal. Justen looked around to see he was in the Command center sitting in a chair. Next to him was Diana sitting in a chair while staring in space as Ambassador Karn was frowning with his arms folded. Sitting next to her while looking sick was Terror who was trying not to sleep. Justen frowned as Ambassador Gheorge went to Diana and stared at her for a bit as Justen stood up with a frown on his face.
He watched as Ambassador Gheorge spoke “Diana”.
Justen gave his head a shake and went to stand next to Diana as the door opened, he whirled around. Leader Lave came in with a short blond haired Gate Destroyer male who Justen recognized and to Justen’s annoyance was followed by three familiar Gate Destroyers. 
Lave spoke addressing the room in Fishla “General Zianan is actually an entity which gives them the ability to talk.” 
The blond haired Gate Destroyer, the General spoke as Justen turned to look at Diana “Don’t turn your back to me.” 
Justen turned to his side as the General spoke again pointing at him, “Don’t turn your back to me.” 
Justen sighed as he turned to face the General with annoyance. 
“Come here.” the General ordered with a gesture of his hand. 
Justen thought about speaking but remembered it was forbidden for Gate Destroyers to speak their language in front of people who weren’t members of his own kind. He walked forward to face the General who raised his right hand and punched Justen in the face. Then he shook his hand as Justen’s face didn’t flinch from the punch. He noticed the General’s escorts looking at each other with frowning faces emotions hidden by their black eyes. Justen heard Diana gasped out and a chair scrape as she stood up. 
Ambassador Gheorge spoke to Lave “She’ll be fine."
Justen stood and watched as the General walked towards Diana while speaking who was standing frowned hearing her name being called. 
She walked by Justen following her out, ignoring the General calling out “Don’t turn your back to me!”
D’Clan who was in the room with his sister spoke “T’La says that the Gate Destroyer who left the room was raised by mind walkers. He may not know your rules.” 
The General looked to stare at them and then he walked to D’Clan and T’La and whispered in D’Clan’s ear as he signed the words. T’La stomped her foot and frowned in a glaring stare at the General. Then the General left the room with followed by his three escorts. Justen caught up with Diana grabbing her arm, after chasing her through the maze of hallways towards her quarters. 
She ordered “Let go, Justen.”
Justen sighed and pulled her in a hug wrapping his arms around her. He heard her moan some sigh. 
Diana spoke again “They took the baby away again.” 
Justen stroked her hair and then he let go of her to take her face in his hands. She closed her eyes as he lowered his face to hers and kissed her on the mouth. He felt Diana’s hand on his shoulder and stopped kissing her to take it towards his scarred left cheek. Diana felt a gash like grove digging in the left cheek where the scarred mark of the Kang was.
Then she leaned against him and spoke “I hope they accept us and our love again.” 
She heard Justen groan some sound then they continued walking through the maze of hallways reached Diana’s quarters. He reached to press the switch when the door opened to reveal the General staring with a glare on his face and his arms were folded. 
“Diana” the General ordered “Get inside.”
Diana hesitated but she heard a sound of a baby crying abruptly went inside the quarters as the General and his three came out the door. Justen watched as the door closed behind after her as the four surrounded him. 
The General snarled out “Go to the Soulers or face going into hiding.” 
Justen stood his ground with a glare on his face. 
He heard the long blonde Gate Destroyer from behind him whisper in his ear “Hiding means exile.” 
The General pointed down the hallway where Justen could see a row of Gate Destroyer males stood with black eyes. It dawned on him that they were hiding seen only by other Gate Destroyers. With a frown Justen walked towards the group who separated to form two lines. He walked by them while hearing the group growl at him. He reached the elevator and went inside. In the Trading Center, talk went silent as Justen came out of the elevator with a frown on his face. He walked towards the Soulers standing in front of an elevator. Reaching them, one of the Soulers produced a blindfold which Justen put on. Justen felt himself grabbed by the arms and hauled inside the elevator. He fingered the ring around his ring finger on his left hand with his right hand. 
Then he was abruptly pushed out of the elevator and he heard a female guttural voice speak in his head “They did it again!” 
Sigh a growl he felt himself led through a maze and then heard a door open, and then the blindfold was yanked off. Justen adjusted his eye sight to see that he was in a round room with a door leading to the private room he assumed. Looking around he saw a bed lying on the floor and there were tables with chairs next to it. Frowning Justen wondered what was going on. Diana stood in her quarters facing Alden a female Gate Destroyer who held a small box in her hand. A baby’s cry came from the box Alden held, which Diana realized was a recorder. Diana gave Alden a glare and turned towards to the door but was blocked by Alexa who stood in front of the door glaring golden Gate Destroyer eyes with her arms folded. 
The door opened and the General came in speaking “Diana.” 
Diana glared and went to sit on a stool in front of the kitchen sink in the wall as the General continued speaking “It’s me, the one you love but with a different form.” 
A small laugh came from Diana who spoke “Wrong.” 
The General asked with a smirk “You care about your baby don’t you?”
Diana frowned staring at the General who added “Your baby was taken to be safe.” 
Diana jumped down from the stool and asked “Safe from what?’
The General replied “From who else our enemies. You’ll do what I say clear?”
Diana glared at the General and challenged “Or you’ll what?”
The General spoke “If you want to see the baby again, you’ll do what I say, hmm?”
Diana raised her left hand and shook her finger at the General “The Fishla won’t tolerate threats from among our kind.” 
The General spoke in a threatening tone “Diana, the Fishla don’t care about people like you but their own people.”
Diana protested “But I am part Fishla!”
The General spoke “And one of us too.” 
Diana stared at him with shock on her face as the General continued “Yes, the Tennans have confirmed that your mother was one of us.” 
He added “Alden, Alexa, keep Diana from leaving her quarters.” 
Then he turned and opened the door to the apartment and left with Diana staring at his back. The door closed and Diana stomped her foot as she went to the bedroom of the quarters. 
She flopped down on the bed, grabbed a pillow and muttered “I won’t cry.” 
Too late the tears were beginning to flow and she let them fall. The long black haired in a tail, hidden Gate Destroyer stood in his position in front of a wall watching the situation in the Command Center and shifted again. T’La stood watching him with a black eyed glare with arms folded from her position besides the wall. D’Clan sighed as he sat in a chair next to an ill Terror. 
Renova came by D’Clan and asked “D’Clan is there any way that T’La could talk to someone?”
D’Clan replied “She has me.”
Renova spoke “I meant female to female.” 
D’Clan looked at her with his black eyes as Renova continued “I meant she’s a female who might have questions, certain questions.” 
D’Clan nodded and said “I get it, Commander.” 
The duo watched as T’La went to sit next to D’Clan with a glare on her face. D’Clan could see that the hidden Gate Destroyer. 
Justen came out of the Soulers’ elevator dressed like a Gate Destroyer wearing black pants and a black V-neck sweater with both sleeves rolled up to his elbows. His eyes were black. The Souler standing next to him gestured towards his ear with a hand and Justen leaned forward. The crowd of the Trading Center went silent as they saw the Souler talking to Justen whispering in his ear while moving gloved hands. Justen saw the General enter the Trading Center via entrance out of the corner of his black eyes who stood watching the duo with arms folded. The crowd watched as Justen nodded his head in agreement and then he turned away and form disappeared. 
The General spoke as Justen disappeared to the bald Gate Destroyer standing next to him “Intercept him.” 
The bald Gate Destroyer nodded and materialized his form disappearing out of sight. The crowd muttered among themselves as two Gate Destroyers appeared materializing with eyes golden. The bald Gate Destroyer had a hand on Justen’s bare right arm that shook the hand off. Justen pointed a finger at the bald Gate Destroyer who pointed at the General. Standing next to the General, Justen saw was Diana dressed in a dress of blue with a hooded cape on her head. She was staring at the floor with a frown on her face. Justen noticed that she kept glancing up at him and the General. Justen glared at the bald Gate Destroyer and proceeded to walk towards the General with the bald Gate Destroyer following him. Reaching him, Justen stood waiting as the General gestured with his hand and Justen leaned forwards as he spoke in Justen’s ear. Justen kept his hands behind his back as he felt the bald Gate Destroyer grip his arms as the General whispered words in his ear. Justen kept his eyes in a golden eyed glare as the General whispered words in his ear. He frowned with a range of thoughts hearing the General’s words. The crowd watched as the Gate Destroyers abruptly separately parted. Justen walked down the hallway with the words of the General and the Souler echoing in his head twin comments. They both had told him where the Gate Destroyers were headquartered in the Gas Air Sector. He walked towards the hallway to the doors to the sector when a Tennan jumped down and stood blocking his way. Justen stood watching the Tennan who walked towards him. 
He heard the Tennan say in Fishla “Not in there now. Try Cargo Bay sixteen find baby there.” 
Then the Tennan went to the wall and climbed it going into the air ducts. Justen growled some sound and then turned around and walked through the maze of hallways. Justen rounded a corner to see coming towards him was a hidden Gate Destroyer who reminded him of the Gate Destroyer Leader by the face appearance and hair. 
“The mirror brother” Justen remembered what the Soulers told him about the General’s twin brother, as he flared his eyes black and disappeared to walk towards the Gate Destroyer. 
They both reach each other and Justen stood aside sideways towards the mirror brother who abruptly brought his fist and fisted Justen in the stomach. The blow felt like a tap to Justen who stood and folded his arms. The mirror brother faced Justen, shook his hand and then punched Justen in the face. Justen didn’t flinch from the blow. He watched as the mirror brother frowned and kept punching blows onto Justen who recalled something the Souler said to him while in the round room in their care. 
The Souler he recalled told him “You have one advantage over the General is the entity makes it hard for you to see your kind in your hidden state. You must see if this new General can do this and how well he can detect your kind in the hidden state.”
The General came out of an elevator into the hallway with a fuming Diana who glared at his back. 
The General asked “Why so upset Diana? The baby is safe from harm.”
Diana was about to speak when the General interrupted by speaking still “Show yourselves now.” 
She looked to see two golden eyes appear in the hallway in front of them. The eyes were joined by two bodies. She stared with shock seeing Justen and a Gate Destroyer standing in front of Justen with face and hair looks exactly like the Gate Destroyer Leader. 
Justen growled some sound of anger as the General replied “I see you met Patrick, my mirror brother and judging by the looks of your face, Justen, your not surprised to see him.” 
Patrick abruptly punched Justen in the stomach that didn’t flinch and snarled towards the mirror brother. 
The General narrowed his brown eyes and ordered “Patrick, leave us now.” 
Patrick nodded his head and Justen watched as he faded walking by the General, Diana and their escorts. Justen stood watching the General advance until he stood in front of him. 
The General spoke “The Humans has a saying ‘Something’s going on.’ Wouldn’t you agree, Diana?”
Diana, Justen noticed was staring at him with a dreamy expression on her face which she averted her eyes facing down as the General looked at her. 
The General spoke again “Something’s going on with Justen here. Wouldn’t you agree, Diana?”
Diana replied eyes still looking at the ground “I agree.” 
Justen heard the General growl some sound then he felt a fist connect to his stomach which felt like a tap to him. 
He heard the General said “Very interesting, bred to withstand this. Diana, come here.” 
Justen watched with a narrow golden eyed glare as Diana came towards the duo with her eyes facing the ground. 
The General sneered out “She has expressed her love to me.” 
With a growl Justen watched as the General touched Diana’s face with one of his hands, lowering his face towards hers. Justen felt his control of anger snap. He grabbed the General by the sweater shirt whirling around to put the General’s back onto the wall in an instance while lifting the man above his head. Justen heard growls of displeasure from the Gate Destroyer Leader’s escorts but still maintained his hold over the General who held up a restraining hand towards them. 
The General kept his hands up and spoke smirking “Interesting, very strong for one of our kind. Now put me down or you won’t see Diana again or face going into hiding.”
Justen snarled some sound as Diana pleaded “Please, Justen, do what he says.”
Justen growled loudly for all to hear then he lowered the General down till his feet were touching the ground then let go to step back. 
He lowered his clenched hands to his sides with a still golden eyed glare at the General who said “Appears you see Diana more than just for breeding.” 
The Gate Destroyer leader smiled some small smile as he heard Justen rumble some growl from inside him and he noticed Diana looking up staring at the two with a shocked expression in her face. 
He added for all to hear despite Justin’s growling at him “Appears you had more than one child with her. For love like this grows over time, doesn’t it Diana?”
“Love like this grows over time.” Diana echoed.
 The General nodded and spoke “Come along Justen. Escort her with us. I have much for you to do.” 
Justen still angry followed the General towards his escorts. He felt Diana put a left arm on his right arm gripping it with her hand and looked at her with golden eyes as they followed the General with his escorts behind them.  
Reaching the end of the hallway a Souler came around and stood with arms folded as the General snarled out “You told him of my mirror brother.” 
The Souler ignored the group by walking by them. 
Justen heard a guttural voice speak in his head “Keep her safe.” 
Justen heard the General yell “Souler, stop telling people my secrets!”
The Souler in question kept on walking down the hallway ignoring the fuming General who stomped his foot. Then the General was about to speak when Justen growled loudly for all to hear. The General stared at Justen with a glare who continues to growl. With a nod of his head Justen felt himself the three Gate Destroyers had their hands on him and felt Diana grip his arm in fear. 
The General marched up to him and asked “Why are the Soulers telling you things, such as about my mirror brother?”
Justen frowned but kept his mouth shut as the Gate Destroyer leader continued talking “I’m not amused with the Soulers telling you things you shouldn’t know.” 
With a disgusted sigh the General turned on his heel and walked down the hallway with Justen, Diana and the others following. 
The group after walking through a maze of hallways reached the gardens with the maze of bushes and trees in it. 
The General ordered “Stay here with Diana, Justen. The others follow me.”
Justen stood and watched as the others walked away disappearing behind the maze of bushes in the seemingly large sized garden. He heard Diana sigh and looked at her with hazel eyes as he led them to a bench where they both sat down. 
Diana spoke leaning onto Justen with a sigh “The General says they have the baby and he’s safe from harm.” 
She looked up at his face when she heard a rumble like growl came from Justen. He was glaring with a frown at the bushy area where the General and group disappeared. 
She sighed again and spoke “The General confirmed that my Mother was one of your people.” 
Justen swiveled his head to stare at her with a frown as he put his hand over her shoulder. She leaned her head against his face and she heard him make some small sound that sounded like pleasure. At that moment they were interrupted by Leader Lave who came in the garden with a frown on his fish scaled face. 
Justen and Diana looked up to see him speak “Good, you’re here. Where’s the General?”
Justen pointed at the bushes where the General and escorts had disappeared behind. 
Lave added “I have business that requires the General but that can wait. Diana, we’re still looking for your son.” 
Diana spoke “The General tells me they have our son hidden somewhere safe from their enemies.” 
Justen watched as Lave gave out a sound and looked to see the bushes rumbled as the General and escorts came out. Diana and Justen abruptly stood up from the bench.
Lave spoke “General, I have business that requires your services.” 
The General asked “What business is that?”
Lave replied “Not here but in the Command Center I’ll explain, come.” 
The group proceeded to follow Lave out of the garden.
In the Command Center, Ricas spoke to Renova “Leader Lave has tracked down the General and is bringing them here as requested.” 
Renova nodded and looked at Terror who was sitting slumped in his chair. His eyes kept closing which he jerked open trying not to sleep with a groan. Renova noticed D’Clan and T’La were sitting at the round table watching Jinks. T’La at that moment got up and gave Terror some swats on the face as he struggled to stay awake. 
Renova spoke “D’Clan, tell T’La to keep doing that till the General arrives.”
She watched as D’Clan waved a hand towards T’La who looked at him and saw him use his hands to sign which T’La nodded and continued swatting Terror on the face. Renova frowned as she watched the monitors showing Lave and group’s process of walking towards the Command Center. The doors to the Command Center opened revealing Leader Lave and group. 
Renova spoke “General good, you’re here. There’s a problem with Leader Terror. He has suffered from-“
The General interrupted “An entity inside him which came out and left him sick.” 
Renova gasped as the General spoke again “Yes, I’m aware of that entity that was inside him. He should be fine as long as he sleeps this off.” 
Looking at Lave he added “What business that requires me here?”
Lave spoke “Close the doors.”
The doors slammed with a bang as he continued speaking “Are you aware that Ambassador Nier is in Medical dead from injuries that were caused when he went through a glass window?”
Justen frowned hearing that as Diana gasped. 
They both looked at the General who answered “Yes I’m aware of him but his medical condition, no.”
Lave spoke “Ambassador Nier fell through a glass window on the upper deck of a Cargo Bay area.” 
Diana chimed “There was a Gate Destroyer present when I was there tied up.” 
She clamped her mouth shut while noticing the General looking at her with a scowl and heard Justen rumble some growl in his throat. 
The General spoke “Leader Lave, get to the point.” 
Lave ordered “Commander, show him the recording.” 
Renova nodded and walked to the table. She typed some keys and the monitor on the wall flashed showing a scene. Justen growled some sound as he saw the contents on the monitor. The scene flashed to Justen’s annoyance showing Tennans dropping from the ceiling onto the three Gate Destroyers who were standing next to a heavily pregnant Diana in front of the medical bay area with the Souler standing there. Justen watched as the Gate Destroyers went down. Then the scene showed a Gate Destroyer with the General’s appearance appeared behind them picking up Diana which Ambassador Nier came rushing up from the hallway and he put some cloth on her mouth and then the scene showed them carrying her to a round doorway and entering it. He felt Diana clutch his arm in distress.
Justen frowned as he heard Lave speak “The Gate Destroyer in question who kidnapped Diana has your appearance, General.” 
The General spoke “Show self Patrick.” 
Justen heard a growl and saw as Patrick appeared with arms folded with a golden eyed glare staring at Lave from his position next to the wall on the opposite of the room. Justen saw Lave looking at the General and Patrick with narrowed eyes.
The General asked looking at Lave “The question is, you sure of this?”
Lave replied “Interesting mirror brothers.” 
The General spoke “Yes mirror brothers.”
Lave spoke “Oh one more thing, Commander?”
Commander Renova pressed some switches and the monitor on the screen flashed words which she read out loud “Authorization required.”
Lave spoke “General, the video to the cameras taping the scene of Diana’s baby taken has been locked out. Do you have anything to do with this?”
The General shook his head as Lave continued “Then General, our business is done. You may leave.” 
The doors to the Command Center opened. Lave stood and watched as the General, Justen and Diana leave with escorts. 
He frowned lost in thought and then shrugged mumbling to himself “A Pity.” 
The General walked through the hallway and stopped as Justen with Diana and escorts stopped. 
With a nod of his head, Justen felt the three Gate Destroyer escorts grab his arms as the General spoke “I don’t appreciate you telling people things, Diana.”
Diana frowned speaking “I was telling the truth.”
The General went to stand in front of her with his hands in fists as he heard Justen growl some sound while flashing his eyes golden. 
He spoke “If you want to see your son again, you’ll do what I say and that means keeping your mouth shut, understand?” 
Diana frowned again as she spoke “I understand.” 
The Gate Destroyer leader turned towards Justen and spoke “The same applies to you, Justen.” 
Justen wretched himself free from the three escorts’ grip on his arms and stood with a glare on his face and golden eyes. 
The General added with a nod of his head “Come along now.” 
Justen sensed the three escorts disappear as he and Diana followed the General through the maze of hallways. Justen felt Diana put her hand on his right arm gripping it. They reached the Trading Center area. Justen heard loud conversations went silent followed by whispering among the people. Some people Justen noticed were pointing at him as he walked by them. Justen kept his face neutral watching with his eyes as several people walked out of the way staring at him, some with awe on their faces. The three walked through the area and reached the doors to the Medical Bay and walked by them. 
Once alone in the hallway the General snarled out “I see people are seeing you, Justen as something else.” 
Justen growled some sound as the General continued “Nevertheless, it isn’t important.”
Tom, I heard was interrupted from speaking the story by a familiar laser light flashing near his shoulder off his right. I grimaced hearing nothing in response to that laser’s hitting instead eyed the gun warily. I saw Tom gave the gun a glare in response only to hear Keeper’s familiar hissing comment obeyed despite the laser from the gun was seen wildly firing all over the place. Tom had to duck while telling the story from the gun weapon’s firing all over the place. It seemed to me that Jinks the battery was frustrated with Tom’s storytelling and was furiously firing the gun all over the room. Tom appeared to obey to speak the story as I remembered it. 
General gets Justen to his ear and tells him “You’re to hit the Command Center and stay there reporting on what’s going on to the Gate Destroyers.” 
Justen obeys going invisible travels to the Command Center. T’La in Command Center grabs Renova’s hand held monitor scanner device and Frisbee throws it in the air away from her. Justen in his hidden form catches it aimed at him and appears. He tosses hand held back to Renova and sees T’La moving her hands.
 D’Clan says in a loud voice “Children can see Gate Destroyers in their hidden state along with being brainwashed in thinking their bad people.” 
Justen leaves the room turning invisible to the hallway where he sees the General with escorts in hidden state walk by him. Escorts look at him but the General does not. He sees them enter the Command Center and follows them in. He watches as T’La again grabs Renova’s hand held and Frisbee tosses it at the General who seems to appear from his hidden state with his escorts still hidden. 
He hears Renova comment on the General “The mirror brother.” 
The General tosses back her hand held and goes to stand in a corner in the room with escorts behind him with his arms folded. Elevator on stairs behind Renova dings some loud sound and Terror as he’s called appearing to be healed from his entity inhibiting comes walking out. 
Renova heard speaks “Anyone entering the elevator hasn’t come out because their always found lying on the elevator floor.” 
Terror with people watching him walks by the General and with quick moves thrusts out his stick weapon with a clang sound and thrusts the butt into the General’s escort who appears from hidden state bends down groaning. The General’s other hidden escorts appears and is restrained by the General’s held up hand. 
The General speaks “Terror is seeing them which I’m aware that only children can see them.” 
D’Clan loudly speaks “Terror isn’t a Gate Destroyer, a Kang or Elric.” as Terror’s weapon thrusts out a dagger knife which he points at the General and then with a finger points towards the door. 
The General harrumphs some sound leaves room with Justen following. 
Justen in hallway appears from hidden state as General speaks “There’s a Gate Destroyer hidden and wants him to show himself.” 
Justen stands as the General add “I’m orders you to attack Terror.” 
Justen grabs the General by his shirt lifting him up and thrusts his back onto the wall while growling loudly. 
The General tells Justen “You’re to put me down or not see Diana.” 
Justen obeys and with finger gestures shakes his head no while pointing at his marked arm and cheek and points to his face making a circle referring to Terror’s round circular mustache and beard on his face. 
The General orders him in whispered tones “You’re to go in the Command Center and keep an eye on things.” 
Justen goes hidden goes in Command Center watches things which he notices the kids and Terror eye him for a bit then they look away. 
Leader Lave walks into the room and remarks “I saw this Gate Destroyer dubbed Justen grab the General by the shirt lifting him up and putting his back to a wall. It is impossible for Gate Destroyers to do for their not that strong.” 
Renova gasps loudly as Lave turns around to witness a Souler walking into the room with sword drawn. The Souler with people watching goes to the stairs and into the elevator which doors closes and people are quiet in the room doing their business. Elevator sounds again and the Souler comes out walking with sword still drawn. Justen sees Souler’s head aimed at him and sees Souler walk up to him putting a hand on his shoulder which he appears from his hidden state. 
He frowns as the Souler leans his head close to his ear and hears a voice in his head telling him “The last floor the elevator lands on leads to a Gate Destroyer nest where I’m sure your son Justin is there with them.” 
Souler leaves the room which Justen walks up the stairs and enters the elevator turning hidden. He presses all the buttons on the console next to the elevator. The elevator goes down opening and closing at each floor before reaching the last floor which he walks out to see a large room with Gate Destroyers scattered in it with cot beds. The Gate Destroyers aren’t happy to see Justen and try to knock him down but hurt their hands hitting him. 
He hears a mental loud voice speaking in a female tone “You’re to bring Justen to me!” 
He is grabbed by Gate Destroyers who force him further into the room towards the wall where he sees a female Souler unmasked with Human face long black hair and all blue eyes sitting on a pillow crossed legged. Female Souler mentally orders him to kneel which he does then she grabs his face with her hands that are like claws and he gets an awful headache along with memory of a blonde woman with a male with his face and Souler like eyes staring at each other with their hands clasps together. He hears names Shanaya and Gallee which he realizes that those two are his parents. 
Female Souler asks him “Who your mother was.” 
He speaks name “Shanaya.” 
Gets Gate Destroyers around him growling in angry tones. 
Female Souler asks him “Your mother’s hair color?”
He says “Golden sun colored.” which Gate Destroyers around him stop their growling. 
Female Souler grabs a bag from besides her and pulls out a metal like hand sized box.
 She tells him “You’re to place your hand on it for it’ll activate a message for you to see alone.” 
Justen places hand on the metal box and a laser light flares into his eyes which he sees a forest scene and sees the female Shanaya and unmasked Souler Gallee standing facing each other who are speaking words. 
Shanaya is speaking “Our son Justen who the Telepaths have expressed interests in.” 
Gallee speaks “Justen has been sick with an illness all his life and hasn’t been acting sane since he reached an adult height. I’m hoping that the Telepaths would help him with their technology and other species’ help.” 
Shanaya speaks “The Telepaths have a price tag in helping Justen is that we will have no say in how he should live his life or his children should he have offspring.” 
Gallee speaks “It’s a price tag I’m willing to pay to get Justen to act normal and healed from the illness that seems to plaguing him.” 
Shanaya speaks “I’ll see that others will be aware of Justen so they can watch him when I can’t and report back on his progress with the Telepaths.” 
Gallee speaks “I agree with you that its best to have Justen watched and will see that the others including other species will do this.” 
Scene goes black as Justen blinks his eyes shutting them while removing his hand from the box. He opens his eyes and stares at the female Souler as a memory flashes in his mind’s eye. He sees in the memory of himself sitting at a table wearing a device around his neck. In front of him is a Telepath judging by the black eyes and familiar Commandant uniform with food on a plate in front of them. He is reaching for the food with his hands when the device flashes giving him pain and he sees the Telepath held up silverware from a plate of food in front of him on his side of the table which Justen grabs and stabs the food with while feeling the device go off. He watches the Telepath who uses the silverware with him copying him and eats fast gobbling his food and drink. Justen once done gets up and walks away then darts towards a toilet in the corner of the room throwing up the contents of his stomach repeatedly and finds himself hungry again. Justen blinks his eyes as another memory comes to his mind which shows himself eating slowly using silverware eating the food and ignoring the drink then once done with the food drinks from the cup slowly. After that he sits back in the chair and looks relaxed. 

Justen keeps his face from showing any emotions as he hears the female Souler’s voice speak in his head “You’ll remember what you was forcefully forgot.” 
He frowns at that as the female Souler tells him “Your to go.” and he is grabbed by hands on his arms who pull him up and force walk him to the elevator.
One of the Gate Destroyers tells him “This nest is for Gate Destroyers who need medical help with things involving anything.” 
He is pushed into the elevator and frowns as he sees that he’s still hidden and the elevator is going up each floor which stops at the Command Center which he gets off seen by T’La looking in his direction that looks away. He goes to a corner and stands watching the situation in the room. 
He sees the General with hidden escorts stomp into the room who speaks with an angry tone “I’m demanding the Gate Destroyer in room to show themselves!”
 He does and sees the General make a grimace in his face while growling loudly then storm out of the room going hidden followed by his hidden escorts which he is confused about but goes back hidden. The elevator make a loud ding sound and two Soulers come out hauling the General’s mirror brother Patrick who has his wrist cuffed together by handcuffs and he watches them haul Patrick down the stairs to a chair forcing him to sit. He sees the Soulers whack Patrick on the head while pointing at Leader Lave who is watching with a frown on his face. 
Patrick speaks not in Gate Destroyer language but sounds like he has an entity inside him “My name is not Patrick but Pat and my brother’s name is Trick. Ambassador Nier came upon a Gate Destroyer gathering spot. I and my brother intercepted the Ambassador who told us about having an entity inside Gate Destroyers to give them the ability to talk to other species and others without any translator machine help. Trick is power mad wants to be the Gate Destroyers’ leader hence he helping Ambassador Nier kidnap Diana for an entity inside him.” 
Justen reveals himself with golden eyes flaring as Pat looks at him to say “The Gate Destroyer with an entity inside is not General Zianan but is to act as translator for General Zianan’s talk.”
Justen calms down to frown as the words “Gallee Zianan.” sounds in his head as he gets an image of a Souler in his mind’s eye saying “The name’s Gallee Zianan, remember that Justen.” 
He blinks his eyes of the memory as Pat faints sinking lower in the chair with eyes closed. 
He sees one of the Soulers looking at him and hears a voice in his head telling him “The Gate Destroyers have a nest in Cargo Bay sixteen and we’ve seen Diana taken there by two female Gate Destroyers.” 
Justin gives Pat a glare leaves the room going hidden as Leader Lave walks out of the room. He takes a maze of hallways and elevators to the desired area entering a hallway with a large sliding door at the end where he sees two Gate Destroyers who appear to get mad seeing him while standing in front of the door as he walks towards them showing himself. 
The two Gate Destroyers tell him “Go away! Your not wanted around here!” which he ignores to keep walking towards them. 
The Gate Destroyers charge at him as he is walking towards them which he uses his fists to hit them in the stomach areas when they reach him both is falling to the floor. He enters cargo bay to see a large room with scattered cots and spies Diana sitting on a cot while holding a white bundle in her arms and goes towards her which he is blocked by a male Gate Destroyer.
Gate Destroyer spoke “Your to leave for your not wanted around here.” 
He hears the door open and hears the General’s voice sounding angry “I’m demanding to know what that Souler freak is doing here? He should be kicked out as ordered!” 
Justen figures out what the General means by Souler freak which he remembers himself being punched by Gate Destroyers who appear to hurt their hands. He remembers Leader Lave commenting on seeing himself lifting the General off his feet as unusual for a Gate Destroyer along with remembering the Soulers talking to him. Them showing their faces to him including showing an interest in him while realizing. He’s a Hybrid who is both Souler and Gate Destroyer. as the image of his parents flash in his mind’s eye. 
He is broken from his reverie as the General “I demands him out!” which Gate Destroyers around growl loudly. 
He walks to the General whose escorts stand in his way and he walks out feeling mental pain of hurt running through him. He manages to hold himself together walking a maze of hallways till he stops to lean against the wall to feel the mental pain of hurt overtaking him. He groans loudly closing his eyes as he gets a memory of himself younger clutching a woman’s leg for he’s barely her knee high. 
He is staring at a Souler towering over him as the woman he senses is his Mother is speaking “I’m telling you to leave! Your scaring my son!” 
He watches as the Souler pulls off the mask and hood covering his head to show his face which is his with black hair and all blue eyes and hears his Mother groan loudly. 
As the Souler speaks using his voice verbally saying “Shanaya it’s me, Gallee Zianan.” 
He hears his Mother give out a gasp sound as he suddenly feels sick and releases his hold on his Mother’s leg to throw up liquid out of his mouth. 
Justen breaks his remembering to sense a hand on his shoulder and hears a male voice in his mind “I knows what your feeling about being outcast by members of your own kind for they did the same to myself.” 
He opens his eyes to look and see to his surprise Leader Lave with all black eyes of a telepath standing besides him with his hand on his shoulder. 
He hears Leader Lave’s voice speak in his mind telling him “Your not seeing things for I is a telepath which my kind the Fishla don’t accept telepaths among their kind and have them outcast.” 
He hears Leader Lave add “I wound up under the Commandant’s care due to me scanning people unnoticed. I discovered the Commandant as another telepath like me who gave me the Leader position to take care of D’Clan and T’La in schooling them to become Leaders like myself.” 
Justen frowns as Leader Lave includes “The technology on the kids is from the Telepaths’ experiments. Resulted in the kids becoming assassins who kill without any feeling of remorse. Something the Commandant made clear to me that he didn’t want happen to the kids. He wanted me to school the kids in becoming Leaders so they’ll know that life all life is sacred and deserves to live.” 
Justen feels shock hearing Leader Lave’s words about the kids which he frowns thinking about a memory of Leader Lave calling T’La, Jaya his daughter’s name and D’Clan, Declan his oldest son’s name. 
He hears Leader Lave speak in his mind “The kids D’Clan and T’La are yours with Diana for the Commandant made no secret of that fact with myself when he ordered me to school the kids in becoming Leaders.” 
Justen straightens up as Leader Lave’s eyes stop being all black to normal eyes as the Fishla speaks verbally “I want to take you to medical bay for I like to know what’s the test results of tests done on you when you had the entity inside you. The doctor has refused to say without you being there to hear it.” 
Justen nods his head of agreement to Leader Lave’s talk and follows Leader Lave to medical bay walking a maze of hallways and taking an elevator that leads them to the Trading Center area. He notices the crowd’s talk become whispering with them pointing at him as he is walking through the area and enters the hallway to medical bay which he goes inside with Leader Lave. They wait as the doctor comes by and tells him to follow him to a room which they do. 
Inside the room the doctor once the door is closed speaks “Justen is General Zianan!” which Justen is shocked to hear.
 The doctor continues speaking “I has on file the blood test results of the original General Zianan, the One who led all the Humans to defeat the Spiders off their home world too many years ago. Test results show that Justen is a perfect match as a descendant.” 
Justen frowns as the doctor pauses then continues speaking “T’La and D’Clan are a match as Justen’s children along with Diana’s newborn son and that Diana is their mother.” 
I didn’t see what happened next instead focused onto Justen walking in the hallway with all black eyes to indicate a hidden status. 
Justen hidden walks in a hallway to hear D’Clan’s voice in another hallway saying “I and T’La don’t like attitude towards the General.” 
He rounds the corner to see the kids facing the General and escorts with backs to him kids facing in his direction. 
He listens as the General answers the kids “My escorts’ attitude have been fine and not bad.” 
He hears D’Clan speak “The name of General is Justen Zianan-” 
The General to his shock interrupts I’m referring the name as myself.” 
D’Clan asks “What about Diana and her son?” 
The General says “She is my mate and her son is mine I fathered.” 
He hears D’Clan speak “I’m asking about your mirror brother. Where is he?”
The General answers “The mirror brother’s name is Patrick and he is around here some where.” 
D’Clan speaks “The other Gate Destroyers won’t tolerate the General lying about himself-“ 
The General interrupts to speak “The Gate Destroyers have taken my word and believe me. “ 
Justen feels anger hears a Souler male voice in his head speaking “I’m telling you to be calm.” 
He hears D’Clan speaking for T’La who is moving her hands “Says I hope that the Assassins, The Little Assassin and Deadly Assassin will target the General for his lies.”
 The General interrupts bursting out laughing. 
Justen wills himself to calm as the General speaks “I’m not afraid of assassins. I know that assassins have never defeated Gate Destroyers who have defeated attempted assassinations on them every time.” 
This was followed by the General ordering “You, kids to move aside!”
 He watches as D’Clan grabs T’La and flattens them to a wall as the General and escorts walk by them going around a corner of a hallway. Justen walks into the hallway and is spotted by T’La who points him out to her brother. 
He stops as the kids jog up to him and is hugged by them while hearing D’Clan calling him “Daddy.” 
He frowns as the kids stop hugging him and sees T’La move her hands as D’Clan speaks her words “She’s saying that she hopes The Little Assassin and Deadly Assassin will find the General’s mirror brother and assassinate him as a lesson to the General for his lies.” 
Justen frowns hearing that for he realizes that the names are the names of his kids who are referring to themselves. 
He hears a Souler voice in his head speaking “I’m ordering you to go to the Command Center.” 
He hears D’Clan voicing “We’re going to the Command Center and want Daddy to come along.” which he nods his head in agreement to them. 
He follows them walking a maze of hallways to the Command Center where he spots a hidden male Gate Destroyer in the corner who eyes him which he goes to stand next to while hidden. 
He sees the doctor walk into the room followed by Leader Lave as the doctor announces “I have found the One!” which people in the room become silent. 
Renova asks the Doctor “Who?” 
He says “Justen Zianan as named.” as the General enters the room with escorts seen. 
He frowns as the General spoke “I’m scolding you, the Doctor for revealing that secret for I’m Justen Zianan.” which he sees the doctor’s face has annoyance on it. 
He listens as Leader Lave tells the General “The news of the One was too good to keep.” 
The General speaks “I’m referring myself as General Justen Zianan as the leader of the Gate Destroyers. I expect people to give me respect as the One.” 
Leader Lave speaks “Depends on people and their attitudes for I can’t speak for them.” 
The General speaks “I got it, Leader Lave’s words.” and leaves the room.
 Leader Lave spoke “I orders the doors closed!” 
Justen hears Leader Lave ask “D’Clan is your Father in the room?”
He sees his son point to him in his hidden state which he walks forward appearing from his hidden state with a glare on his face. 
He eyes the doctor who points a finger at him exclaiming very loudly “He’s Justen for the tests says it’s him! I’ve never tested the entity inside Gate Destroyer the one calling himself the One himself-”
 The doctor is interrupted by D’Clan who spoke “I and my sister had a talk with the General or whatever name he’s calling himself. He wound telling us that he referred himself as General Justen Zianan to the Gate Destroyers. He claimed seemed to believe his words along with claiming the Diana as his own including her child.” 
Justen forms annoyance on his face as he hears a Gate Destroyer growl turns around flaring golden eyes while fisting his hands eyes aimed at the male who reveals his form with eyes flaring golden. He sees Terror out of the corners of his eyes clang open his stick weapon while moving to stand next to him.
 He hears Leader Lave speak loudly as if talking to the male “Decide for yourself what is the truth, Gate Destroyer.” 
Justen narrows his eyes as the male walks forward towards him to stand in front of him and he frowns inwardly as the male speaks in Gate Destroyer language “You a Souler Gate Destroyer Hybrid who that foolish liar keeps referring as Souler freak is the General?” 
He hears a computer voice speaking the male’s words in another language to all in the room. 
Justen wills himself to calm speaks in Gate Destroyer language “I’m a Souler Gate Destroyer Hybrid.  Who is best to lead the Gate Destroyers than one who is impossible to be brought down by Gate Destroyers themselves and has the respect of the Soulers?” 
He hears his words translated by computer as the male speaks “The General who I’m referring him as Trick was lying about referring himself as General Justen Zianan. He is foolish to think he can fool the Gate Destroyers about that who can detect lies a trait every Gate Destroyer has within them.” 
The male’s words are translated as Justen speaks “The Gate Destroyers are lucky having that trait for I don’t have it. I like to know what the you plan to do about that I’m the General.” 
His words are translated as the male’s eyes stop flaring golden and speaks “You have my respect.” 
Justen hears the male’s words translated as his eyes stop flaring golden and both Gate Destroyers stand down from fighting mode stances. Justen and Gate Destroyer leave Command Center walking in the hallway and meet Patrick the mirror brother who faints in front of them entity come out of him heading towards Justen. Justen finds himself pushed aside as the entity hits the Gate Destroyer in the head the sails up into the ceiling as the Gate Destroyer falls to the ground going unconscious. 
He squats to feel the Gate Destroyer’s neck for a pulse and hears the General angry voice speaking “Bastard! You had to hurt my brother that I find intolerable!” 
Justen stands up frowning as the General orders him “Get out of my sight!” 
Justen leaves walking away hearing the General ordering “I’m ordering my escorts to help the Gate Destroyers on the floor!” 
Justen alone in the hallway meets a Souler spoke “The General and escorts were caught attacking T’La and D’Clan when they met in a hallway. The entity inside feeds through hand on the host body’s cheek which is what the General did to T’La after having D’Clan knocked out.” 
Justen gets angry as the Souler adds “Leader Lave witnessed the entire thing and tried to intervene but the Gate Destroyers managed to stop him. After they left he managed to get the kids to medical bay and informed the Soulers, us of the attack.” 
Justen struggles to hold his temper in check as the Souler added “I’m ordering you to be calm and go to Cargo Bay Sixteen for we sure the General is there to give him a message from us.”
 Justen hears then he walks away to Cargo Bay Sixteen area. 
He goes to the hallway to see two Gate Destroyer guards there who snarl “We insist you go away!” 
Justin spoke “I’m just delivering a message from the Soulers to the General. I’m asking for his location to deliver the message.” 
The guards say “The General is inside. We allowed Justen inside only once.” 
The Gate Destroyers seeing him growl loudly heads looking in his direction as he sees the General standing next to a cot where the mirror brother is lying on. 
Justen spoke amid the growling “I’m just is delivering a message from the Soulers. The message is the Soulers will start executing Gate Destroyers if the General does the entity feeding through hand on his cheek to anyone that is not the Tennan race.” 
He turns to go and hears the General speak in a compelling voice tone “Your to stand fast!” which he finds himself frozen as the General walks in his line of sight. 
He keeps his mouth shut as the General places a hand on his chest which he feels a headache. 
The General speaks in a compelling voice tone “I’m ordering you to go snap the necks of T’La and D’Clan and make sure that their dead from it.” 
Justen finds the order a compulsion as the General removes his hand and he leaves the room walking several hallways till he gets a bad woozy headache squats from the pain spies the elevator. He realizes does go to the Gate Destroyer medical room which he in a hidden form enters and uses the elevator to go to the medical room. Gate Destroyers there are rude to him as in growling angry tones as he enters room and him faints hitting the floor passing out unconscious. 

Justen finds himself walking out of a cave to see a forest which he is standing there staring at the forest as the sun becomes low in the sky. He hears the bushes rumble and sees Diana looking younger walk out wearing ragged clothing who walk up to him and kisses him on the lips which he kisses back and once breaking off the kiss takes her inside the cave as blackness arrives. He finds himself walking out of the cave to stand staring at the forest. He feels a hand touch his shoulder and looks to see a Souler without head gear having his face and all blue eyes staring at him. 
He stares back as the Souler speaks using his voice through his mouth speaking Your Father and is still alive and around watching you and guiding you with the help of the Soulers and others.” 
Justen frowns hearing this as the Souler adds “Your Mother raiser Shanaya is still alive who is revered by the Gate Destroyers is in some place hidden with the Soulers and others reporting to her about Justen himself. The General I referred as Trick made a mistake of using his influence power on you without knowing that he made you immune to his influence power. He gave away to your his ability to order people with a compelling voice tone.” 
Justen frowns hearing that the Souler includes “T’La will be alright for the General only knocked her out when he fed off her. He was heard by Leader Lave saying that he doesn’t hit females and refuses to have the male Gate Destroyers do that to any female whether their Gate Destroyers or not.” 
Justen feels the Souler’s gloved hand touch his forehead and he feels a zapping feeling on his forehead followed by the male’s hand forcing his eyes closed and he passed out unconscious.

Justen comes to with eyes open to find himself lying on a cot with a Souler standing next to it head aimed at him which he assumes is staring at him. Justen sits up and is handed a bowl filled with liquid with a spoon in it by a female Gate Destroyer who he notices has a look of reverence in her eyes while holding a cup in her hand. He eats the food by spoon slowly while feeling himself ravenous as the memory of his fast eating with silverware in front of a telepath and throwing up the food flashes in his mind. Once done with the food he hands the female the bowl who hands him the cup filled with liquid. He sips taking his time and finds himself much better that he hands her the empty cup after sipping all of the liquid. 
Justen gets up to stand eyes staring at the Souler who tells him mentally “Come along.” 
He follows to the elevator while noticing that the Gate Destroyers in the room have reverence in their eyes towards him which he enters the elevator with the Souler that takes them to Command Center floor and they walk out He walks out hidden to stand in the corner as the Souler leaves the room. He sees Terror looking at him with some confused look in his eyes then looks away which bothers him till the elevator dings some sound. He sees a female Gate Destroyer showing herself wearing identical clothing as him. Justen is shocked to see has his face and hair color with streaks of golden color in it that walk down the steps walking towards him which he appears from his hidden state. 
Sounds in the room are quiet as the female Gate Destroyer speaks to him in Gate Destroyer language with her words translated in another language.
“I’m your younger sister Liasana who your parents are my parents. I have an older brother who is younger than you named Kennik whose parents are also mine and yours” Justen heard from her.
Justen frowns as Liasana adds “I have seen your kids around some where are a little put out by the General’s treatment towards them.” 
Justen nods his head in understanding as notices her gesturing with her head towards the door and narrowing her eyes. He turns invisible as she does the same and they leave the room to walk a maze of hallways. 
Liasana stops him gesturing towards his ear which he leans forward and hears her whisper “Kennik has our Mother’s looks with similar hair color and long length. He has been seen escorting the General acting as one of his escorts. Put in the position by the Soulers who have been using him for information about the Gate Destroyers. Mostly on those who have taken an entity inside them and holding the title as translator of Gate Destroyers.” 
He asks “Are you aware of myself holding the title as General Zianan?”
She responded “I was aware but according to the Soulers a group of hidden Telepaths made it clear to them that they didn’t want you to have an entity inside you. They wound up via admittance telling the Soulers that you was descendant from the One. The Telepaths proved with their medical test results to the Soulers including mentioning myself and our brother.” 
He frowns as he spoke “Since you and Kennik are relative to me that would make you both descendants of the One-“ 
She interrupts to speak “According to the telepaths they say that you is the leader for being the oldest-“ 
He and Liasana are interrupted when they hear a child’s voice speak “People.” 
They look at the end of the hallway to see a man with a glare on his face and having a boy child’s hand in his hand who is pointing towards them. 
The man speaks “Gate Destroyers show yourself now. I want to talk to you.” 
Justen and Liasana obey which the man’s glare goes away followed by widen eyes. 
He hears Liasana spoke “The man is one of the hidden Telepaths-“ who interrupts speaking like he hasn’t heard or understand Liasana’s words “My people have spread that word among the Annoyov Barrack Station’s population that the descendant of the One has been found. Other people not my people has been accurately pointing the finger of being the descendant towards a Gate Destroyer named Justen himself.” 
Justen frowned inwardly as the man continued “The finger pointing has been from the Soulers seen communicating with a Gate Destroyer. I saw the Gate Destroyer as finger pointed is in front of me, the male. The Soulers have been leaving him alive for its rumored that they only communicate with people just before they are executed by the Soulers themselves.” 
Justen and Liasana look at each other then the man cuts off talk to nod his head and then leaves the hallway with the child entering an elevator at a junction of the hallway which closes behind them. 
He heard Liasana comment “That’s interesting. Your mate and child is in Cargo bay sixteen-“ 
Justen interrupts “I’m aware of her location. The Gate Destroyers there gave me a rude reception and that the General as he refers himself ordered me out.” 
He hears Liasana give off “Harrumph. They won’t kick you out this time. It’s due to me being with you. I’m itching to punch the General’s face for what he did to my niece and nephew. It was as told by Leader Lave who spotted me with through the Trade Center in my hidden form. Unsure of how he could see me and followed me to a hallway which he told me what happened.” 
Justen growls some sound of agreement and together they walk a maze of hallways till they reach the hallway leading to the Gate Destroyer nest. Gate Destroyer guards, Justen sees are quiet seeing him and his sister which they allow the two into the room. He spots Diana holding Justin who stands up from a cot to stare at him with some pleasant expression on her face. He isn’t stopped going to Diana who at his reaching her wraps an arm around him with her head leaning on his shoulder as his arms go around her and the baby while leaning his chin on the side of her head. He feels himself much better with Diana’s hold around him and feels less tensed up.
He gets tensed when he hears the General’s irritated voice speaking “What’s he doing here?” 
Justen looks at the doorway to see the General with escorts and his mirror brother standing next to him both having scowls on their faces. He sees a shocked expression on both brothers. 
Liasana turns around to face them with a glare on her face while speaking “The General or whatever name he calls himself’s attitude towards my older brother isn’t tolerated. I’m annoyed.” 
He sees the General’s mirror brother’s face change from scowl to some dreamy expression on it with his eyes staring at Liasana as the General appears angry. 
He frowns as the General speaks “Justen is a freak and not allowed among the Gate Destroyers.” 
Justen sees the General is cut off as his escorts behind him groan loudly hands on their stomachs before they both hit the floor. He sees the General turn around and lifted off his feet by a Gate Destroyer he recognizes as one of the General’s escorts who has hands on the General’s armpits area holding him above him. 
He hears Liasana chuckle some sound as the escort he assumes is Kennik spoke “I’m fed up serving this idiot whose power mad and will do anything to make the Gate Destroyers revere him by trashing Justen who’s my older brother the actual leader of the Gate Destroyers.” 
Justen keeps his mouth shut as Kennik drops the General onto his feet then walks away from him going towards him. 
Reaching him he hears Kennik speak “My name is Kennik, your younger brother and Liasana here is our younger sister. We all share the same parents. I’m fed up with the Idiotic fool calling himself General’s rude attitude towards Justen that I no longer serves him and would rather serve Justen instead.” 
He nods his head in agreement as he and his siblings watch as the General storms out of the room followed by his two remaining escorts who still have hands on their stomachs. He eyes the mirror brother who makes his way towards Liasana with a dreamy expression in his face. 
Justen looks at Liasana who has a frown on her face as the mirror brother reaches her to speak “My name is Pat and my brother’s name is Trick but I’m referred as Patrick. My brother and myself grew up as Kangs with no talking ability. We learned to communicate with our hands towards people. People not being fluent in our hand language left us frustrated when people they try talking to don’t seem to understand their hand language.” 
He sees Pat turn his head towards him and hears the Gate Destroyer speak “Trick admitted the reason for the attack on T’La and D’Clan was he recognized her hand language as the same language our family used. She signed a comment to her brother about people not going to respect the General due to his rude attitude. He admitted he lost his temper to hit D’Clan with his fists to the head knocking him to the ground.  T’La tried to defend her brother and he managed to knock her out by grabbing her and slamming her hand on his scarred cheek in an attempt to knock her out harmlessly.” 
Justen growls a snarling sound while hearing Diana groan some sound and feel her hold on him tighten. 
He glares at Pat who added “I and brother became Gate Destroyers just after arriving in the Annoyov Barrack Station. I have accepted the change but senses Trick seemed hurt from the change. My brother displaying a never before seen attitude of being power mad along with a medical ailment. I have seen my brother Trick before the entity entered him some time ago from spying on him while hidden several times grab his head while groaning in pain and flaring golden eyes several times. It’s an ailment Trick has refused to talk about when I tried to bring it up.” 
Justen frowns as Pat continues speaking “I have noticed that the head ailment has stopped hitting Trick after the entity entered him who feeds the entity with willing Tennans in hidden locations and has done that in front of me a few times.” 
He glares at Pat and Diana who faints in his arms which he hands the baby to Lisana then puts Diana on a cot that remains asleep and sees with shock entity balls one by one come out of her chest going up into the ceiling above. 
He growls out “I got a question of what the brothers did to my Diana?” 
Justen sees Pat restrained by Kennik glares at the Gate Destroyer only to hear Trick’s voice “I’m demanding Patrick freed!” 
He gets up and notices that Trick isn’t paying attention to anything else except his brother’s trapped status. He walks and stands in front of Kennik holding Pat blocking Trick’s view and waits till Trick notices Diana which he sees does a double take look but doesn’t talk. He sees an entity ball float down in his line of sight and flies towards him in a fast speed which he brings his fist up and punches the ball that shatters in pieces shriveling away. He glares at Trick as a figure materializes in his line of sight between him and Trick revealing a Souler with head bared showing Human like black eyes and short black hair instead of bald status and all blue eyes.
The Souler spoke using the mouth verbalizing his words “The only thing both Gate Destroyers and Soulers had in common were their hidden state ability. Now they have another thing in common that appears to be Justen himself. He shattering the entity ball proved to be the one that united led all the Humans fight off an invasion on their home world. The Tennans are the race that were the invaders due to seeing them create entity balls through Human females and that their responsible for what happened to Diana.” 
He feels annoyed as the Souler continued “I and my kind aren’t sure why the One dubbed the same name of Justen has returned from the dead after dying off after the invasion species. Tennans dubbed Spiders were kicked off the Humans’ home world. I don’t know what Justen’s purpose is but my people will figure that out and will let him know of it.” 
He doesn’t comment as the Souler fades from view turning invisible and turns towards Pat who bents down gripping his head groaning loudly. 
He snarls loudly “Pat or Trick whichever is you. I’m ordering you to go to medical bay and get that head pain checked out.” 
Then glares at the other brother while saying “You and those escorts should make sure that the doctor doesn’t try anything funny on the brother period.” 
He sees his order obeyed by Pat walking off towards Trick and leaves with him. 
He hears Lisana ask “What about getting Diana to medical bay?” 
Justen spoke “I’m debating it but problem is people will see the entity balls coming out of her and assume she’s the source of them and will kill her off instead of letting her live. It’s a debate on whether to let a doctor come into the nest and examine her but that’ll mean revealing their nest location to the others including some people who don’t like Gate Destroyers will try to cause harm.” 
Pat in the hallway whines “Trick, I don’t want to go to medical bay and would rather suffer from my head pain.” 
Only gets punched out unconscious and lifted up by his brother and carried to medical bay put on a bed where the nurse is there attends to him at his voice order saying “I knocked my brother out due to resistance to coming here. He has a medical condition involving head pain.” 
He waits as the nurse examines his brother and spoke “The Gate Destroyer change wasn’t fully completed and needs some medicine to complete the change fully which will knock him out for awhile.” 
He doesn’t comment spots T’La and D’Clan walking down the hallway towards him and escorts who pause from walking. 
He walks up to them and signs not verbalizing his words “I and my brother are fluent in the hand language you both communicated in due to being born without an ability to talk despite being Kangs. I didn’t appreciate T’La’s signed remarks finding them insulting enough to knock you both out. I apologized for that. I was blowing my temper on you set off by something in my thoughts making me angry. Mostly involving my brother hurt by another Gate Destroyer when it was an entity inhibiting. I took the tantrum out on you.” 
He sees that they get it his words then walks away watching them leave medical bay which he goes to his brother and eyes him. 
T’La and D’Clan enter Command Center to sit down.
Renova spoke “I got questions about Terror. I noticed him interested in me sexually in a mating way. I want to know more of him despite him not being any of the Human races displayed on him.” 
D’Clan signs his words while verbalizing “I and my sister in some cave found Terror asleep in some cryogenic sleep tube on some backwards abandoned dead world. We took him out and woke him up. He according to me understood our hand language talk as in getting it quickly like he was already fluent in it. He has displayed no indicating of talking through mouth or said anything about his past or his name and has put us off whenever we asked him. He was dubbed Terror from us three met a Shargan in the cave hallway on the way out. Terror didn’t display the normal fear reaction by Humans instead stood his ground. He blocked the Shargan from attacking him with his weapon as if expertly knowing how to use it like a Leader. Terror used the weapon to knock the Shargan off its feet and stabbed it in the chest which its body shriveled up breaking apart suggesting it went dead.” 
Leader Lave in the room unnoticed by the three spoke ”Interesting. I suspects that Terror knows something. He is keeping quiet about it due to being threatened to keep his mouth shut. It’s from sensing him jumpy hanging around people as if he’s nervous about something and only calms down when he’s in Renova’s presence as if his feelings towards her overrides his fear.” 
He cuts his talk as the door opens and hears Renova ask “Computer Terror’s location?” 
A screen shows an overhead view on the screen of Terror walking in a hallway alone and gasps as Terror acts out some fighting movements followed by two Gate Destroyers appearing on the floor. 
Terror punches them out unconscious which is confirmed by the computer saying “Their knocked out unconscious.” 
Leader Lave comments loudly “There’s more to Terror than he appears to be.” 
Renova speak “I give an agreement to Leader Lave’s words.” 
Doctor Yong arrives in medical bay to find Trick there with Pat which he feels disgust seeing them both there told by the nurse “One of the brothers has some kind of medical condition related to not completing the change as Gate Destroyer and needs medical authorization to give him the medicine for it to be complete.” 
He feels like refusing till Trick spoke “There’s more to the story than admitting myself as General Zianan. There’s another Gate Destroyer who has proven to be that person in front of the others making me a liar with my words. I wasn’t sure if I was the General or not but kept saying that I was. I was proven wrong by the actions of the Gate Destroyer in question punching out an entity ball in front of me. Something I like the other Gate Destroyers didn’t have the ability to do. My job with an entity inhibiting me was not to lead the Gate Destroyers but speak as their voice to others assuring for their well being and making sure their treated properly.” 
He sees Doctor Yong appear to agree with his talk by the facial expression and hears the doctor say “You have the authorization to get the medicine for the sick Gate Destroyer in question. I’ll see for his well being.” 
Trick spoke “I’ll be back.” and fades from view to point a finger to his brother and points a finger down to feel two hands on his shoulders tapping him. 
Trick again makes the gesture feels the hands off of him and then walks out of the medical bay. Terror arrives in Command Center on the way sees Trick enter the room that goes to stand in the corner with arms folded. He goes to Renova and stands next to her while she works on the console as Leader Lave is sitting at the table in a chair talking to her about the Annoyov Barrack Station's functions.
Renova mentioned “Several files were found locked out. I told by the doctor I had an entity in me. I think I’m responsible for the locking out due to that it’s a high level rank access locked out by voice recognition only. I can’t convince the computer to unlock those files despite speaking to it. Suggested to me that my voice was different while having the entity in me.” 
Terror notices Trick appear from hidden state puts a hand on Renova’s shoulder getting her attention and gestures towards Trick with his head.
Leader Lave looks speaking “Interesting. I want to know what the Gate Destroyers want.” 
Leader Lave frowns as Trick in response turns around punching a fist into the Tennan’s head on the wall and yanks it off the wall throwing it onto the floor. 
Renova yells “Hey!” 
He hears Trick speak sounding like having the entity in him “Don’t bother. The Tennans are the Spiders themselves and creators of the entity balls.”
Terror’s weapon is heard clanging loudly followed by a male voice speaking  “Spiders they are!” followed by a computer voice speaking “Voice identification identifying Ridgen Zianan Medical Doctor USS Agamemnon.” 
Leader Lave gets up from the chair staring at Terror realizing that the male talked spoke “Terror, I named is that person who created all races of the Human species.” 
Leader Lave gets from Terror “I couldn’t let the Human race be destroyed not by a plague or by genocide by the Tennans aka Spiders themselves. I will do what it takes to keep the Humans alive period.” 
He hears Renova speak “Plague?” in a questioning tone. 
Terror speaks loudly “The USS Agamemnon never left Earth and was actually a water ship holding the last of the Human species. Survivors of a plague that was wiping out the Human race.  It was my experiments done on the survivors that created the races, Kang, Elric and Gate Destroyers. Including one Human with all of the races in him to lead all the Humans to fight off the Spiders from attempt genocide and invasion. The left behind Spiders in return retaliated by wiping out the records of the war. They created the Telepaths to assure of the wipe out done including killing off people known to pass down the war records. I used what’s left of the technology to put myself in a cave asleep giving off a signal waiting for someone with technological programming machines in them to enter the cave and wake me up.” 
Terror pointed a finger at the kids saying The Telepaths did experiments on them from the looks of them. Justen the Gate Destroyer is identical via twinning to my creation too many Human years ago. I had nothing to do with Justen coming to exist again. After the Spiders were kicked off planet the Justen was allowed to mate with a female of his choosing. I’m not sure which species she is as his reward then later passed away soon after that as his created purpose came to an end. Then I put myself to sleep waiting for someone to come wake me up. I adds that I’m responsible for several files being locked out due to finding that the Telepaths were using entity inhibited people to delete certain files. There are back ups to those files and I put the files down in lock up to prevent the deleting from happening again.” 
Leader Lave pulls out his weapon clangs it and whacks Terror on the back of the head who hits the floor as Trick speaks loudly “Good work on that Leader Lave. I’ve been trying to identify Terror by having that sick man speak to identify himself. He’s actually a medical doctor who did experiments on himself in an attempt to create back the Human race and succeeded doing it to himself. He killed off other people when trying the experiments on Humans. He was contained in a cryogenic tube just to preserve his knowledge of the Human change he did to himself. The Telepaths knew of it and rigged the kids to come by and wake him up. Then monitored Terror or whatever name he calls himself for any experiments done. I’m assured that nothing was done on Renova while she was underneath Terror’s care.” 
He gives off a laugh as Renova spoke “I’m asking about the Tennans being Spiders?”
 Trick responds “It was a trick like my name Trick for always doing tricks to get Terror to talk and identify himself and reveal his identity.” 
Leader Lave spoke “Fine. Renova, I’ll handle Terror.” 
Leader Lave bent down lifting up the Human to put him in a chair as Trick he sees walks towards the entrance. Only to get blocked by a figure in Souler clothes and a Human like head with eyes different from Humans and Telepathic Humans appearing to look all blue colored.
 He hears Renova exclaim loudly “The Tennans are the Spiders and that Trick lied!”
Leader Lave heard Trick speaking “The entities are too numerous and that Justen is just one person who can’t save them all.” 
The Human Souler speaks verbalizing his words “One word from the Deadly Assassin, The Little Assassin will scream sounding over the intercom which is turned out now.” 
Lave looks at T’La to hear her give off a shriek like cry and feels objects pelting him from above which he sees is small white round balls that drop from the ceiling and stops. 
Trick spoke in Gate Destroyer’s foreign language with computer translating “The Tennans let me know that the entity balls can read people’s minds while inhibiting people’s bodies. Gain information from the person along with keeping the information and transferring it to another person via entity ball entering the other person after leaving. Is how Renova ordered deleting to be done via orders of the Telepaths doing it. But Terror actually Ridgen Zianan medical doctor, no kidding saved those files. Those files are evidence of the one back to life along with medical tests results done on the Spiders who passed away during the invasion. The Tennans are a match as that species but I’m not sure if the Tennans are still intelligent enough to cause trouble like they did in the past. My impression I got from them and that they seem to be more interested in helping other species with problems around here along with reporting information on others as well.” 
Leader Lave frowns as the Human Souler spoke “The Telepaths created by the Spiders had loyalty towards the Human race. Manipulated the Spiders to help others instead of doing invasion destruction with the ones that were left behind on their world. The Telepaths regardless of species can detect entities in people’s bodies by mere scan of their mind. They’ll find out that there’s an entity inside them via sensing another mind in their mind scanning them like a computer.”
Leader Lave spoke “I’m asking what’s the purpose of preserving Terror aka Ridgen Zianan?”
 The Human Souler spoke in response “Terror aka Ridgen Zianan Medical Doctor as his identity is actually is telling the truth on what he said on him creating the Human races to preserve them from death.” and then the Human Souler fades from view. 
Lave figures “The male a Human Souler went hidden like a Gate Destroyer.”
Trick turn to look at him while speaking words translated “Its Justen who’s General Zianan the Gate Destroyer leader. He proved it by shattering an entity ball with his fist.” 
Leader Lave speaks loudly “It explains things seen with Justen and his children as well.” 
Renova spoke “Children? When Justen only had one child?” 
 He replies “I have seen other offspring of Justen hanging around. They are doing fine but wish to be kept out of the spotlight focused on their Father.” 
He eyes the kids seeing D’Clan signing to T’La and watches her reply to her brother signing back and shifts to stare at Renova who is staring at Terror asleep in the chair.
Renova spoke “Terror, I calls him has questions that need answering.” 
Justen in the Gate Destroyer nest hears intercom comes on while kneeling next to the bed Diana is lying on frowns. As a scream in a familiar voice sounds followed by small white round balls drop from the ceiling abruptly hitting like heavy rain. 
 “This mess is in the hallway too!” via Gate Destroyer’s yelling. 
He eyes Diana who he sees appears to wake up while hearing her groan loudly. 
He figures “The entities stopped coming out of her via that screaming noise.” 
Covers her head with his upper body and feels the pelting continue violently grunts from that till the pelting stops. He looks up with annoyance and then eyes Diana who looks at him with some look in her eyes that suggests that she loves him that makes him shocked with that. He puts a hand on her chin and brings his lips to hers kissing her while feeling her kissing him back sensing she likes it. He continues till a baby’s cry is heard senses its his son Justin sounding the noises breaks off the kiss to lift up Diana while getting up to sit next to her. Justen watches as Lisana hands her the baby who takes it and adjusts her top to put the baby underneath it. He senses she’s feeding his son. He wraps an arm around Diana who leans against him sensing she likes it which he figures that he’ll treat her, the same as she treats him. He rubs a hand on her forehead and continues to do that.
Kennik spoke “I think the storm was actually the entities being destroyed by that scream that sounded of something familiar.” 
Justen recalls T’La flashing in his mind and realizes why she doesn’t talk due to having the ability to give off scream sounds that kill off entities and that she doesn’t speak as a result. He keeps his mouth shut about it and continues to eye Diana feed his son. 

I wound up focusing onto Terror as if drawn who wakes up groaning loudly to hear Doctor Yong’s voice saying “He’s fine despite the head banger on the back of his head.” 
He opens his eyes and sees that the Gate Destroyer that had entity inhibiting is gone from the room. 
Renova asks him “What was you thinking of creating the three Human species, Elric, Kang and Gate Destroyer as they are now? I want to know. There’s a file saying that Terror, I names is an original living member of the Agamemnon. I want to know how you kept yourself alive enough to create Justen for the invasion by the Spiders.” 
He finds that the racial Ambassadors are in the room looking at him along with the three Leaders all seated. 
Terror spoke after clearing his throat “There was a deadly sickness hitting the Humans wiping them out. A ship was holding the last of them and that I worked days and nights trying to find a way of surviving that plague sickness. I did experiments on two men answering to the names of Connor Elric and Belgor Kang. Source of the Kangs and Elrics among the Humans or in Fishla terms, Earthari. I found a cure injected the Humans the medicine and resulted in all of them changing into the Human species they are now. But discovered that the medicine wasn’t doing any changes to myself despite me injecting it. From myself tests discovered something in my body kept me the way I is now. As a Human along with some kind of longevity outliving average Human life spans. I kept myself out of the spotlight during their fighting civil wars among themselves.” 
He added “Justen was created doing some medical manipulating on a Spider. I captured. Shifted form into Justen himself during the invasion. I kept Justen as a prisoner for awhile. Till it was apparent that the Spiders were doing genocide. Released Justen and wound up knocked out unconscious in the process. Didn’t know what happened to him. Only to find Justen again dying from some sickness. I tried to help preserve him but Justen passed away anyway.” 
He continued “Justen admitted to mating with a Human female unsure of the species as his reward for his leadership of uniting all the Humans against the Spiders and didn’t say anything about fathering children or not to me. I’m bewildered on how Justen came back to life again. It’s from seeing that Gate Destroyer with the twin name is an exact twin of the Justen back then created-“
I found the memory quit as if Tom cut himself off via speaking it fully. I wound up focused onto Tom who cut himself off seeing the gun’s laser aimed at him making him duck behind the console. I found the laser kept on flaring above Tom as he squat and heard Keeper’s familiar hissing words obeyed to keep on speaking the story as remembered in his mind. I felt confusion to why Keeper was insisting on Tom to keep on speaking a story despite the battery was trying to silence him. I didn’t know at the time that the battery wanted to hear Tom’s story as spoken but wanted the Highlanders disappeared out of his sight from his presence in the library holding records. I wound up focusing onto Justen via memory of him within my mind. I wrote down the words of his life via this journal of what I saw in my mind.
Justen in Command Center heard Renova spoke “She's fragile.” words over and over. 
He figured out to thinking mentally “There's a telepath in the room taking control of her. Like they do towards people omitting Gate Destroyers who used to have entities contained into them.” 
He comments some question he always says towards the Telepaths whenever he detects them around him which "Always manipulating hmm?" 
His question gets translated by the computer to hear groans from Renova along with her shutting her eyes and rubbing her forehead with a hand. He spots standing in front of the elevator are three humans with all black eyes two are males and one is a female with shoulder length brown hair and their wearing identical black uniforms common among them identifying themselves as Telepaths. 
The female spoke using her voice sounding familiar to him “Justen always says that question as a habit. He hasn't been saying anything else since we got our hands onto him after finding him buried in the ground him acting animalistic.” 
He feels confused to what their talking about till one of the males holds up a familiar triangle object that glows making him bent down groaning getting a headache. He instantly remembers what he forgot is that he was originally the original Justen born from a Tennan female birthing him after mating with a male Human the Tennans dubbed Terror after they knocked him unconscious. They manipulated another Human they called Terror’s Twin by name of Ridgen to raise him. The Tennans made this Terror aka Ridgen think Justen was actually a medical experiment when he wasn't. He continues to remember his life as leading Humans to kick the Tennans off Earth due to accusations of genocide when it wasn't. It was manipulating attempts to create another species from Tennans mating with Humans. Tennans back then when intelligent were jealous of the Humans' bodies and easily to heal methods including jealous of the Gate Destroyers having an ability to hide in plain sight they wanted for themselves. Hence they were mating with that species to create offsprings to pass that down. Mating resulted in the Telepaths created from that mating actually. He continues to remember mating with a female Gate Destroyer after the Tennans were mostly kicked off but survivors hid and then later wound up sick. Ridgen left behind acting as his Father raiser, tried to help him heal but couldn't and wound up burying him into the ground after his body shut down. Completely healed him but made him more animalistic after a lengthy period of being buried. The Telepaths got a hold of him and made him humanoid behavior. 
Then later introduced him to a young boy child named Justen they said “He’s was really dying of a medical ailment and that the child was going to be put down with you taking the kid's place. The child was a descendant of you actually via the female Gate Destroyer's line.” 
The mating of the female Gate Destroyer as he recalled via Telepath’s talk had that resulted in a son a Souler male who's name is Gallee. His facial appearance was twin to the Tennan version of Justen actually. He continues to remember his life manipulated to be like Justen acting as a Gate Destroyer due to showing signs of one via markings on his cheek and arm including paired to Diana. She some hybrid of a Fishla male and a Gate Destroyer female that was implanted with Diana to carry due to that mating between species doesn't produce offsprings. He kept on remembering that he hated the pairing towards Diana. Feeling like it was manipulation to create offsprings and not some love match despite her seemingly liking him enough to willingly go along with the mating. Him never shown affection towards her very much despite she doing it the affection towards him. She was seemingly having an ability to decipher Gate Destroyers' talk acting as translator between him and other manipulated Gate Destroyers towards the Telepaths. The Telepaths had refused to use their mind walking abilities onto them to figure out what they were really saying instead have depended onto Diana instead. He continues to remember that the Telepaths think that Gallee and family were fooled into thinking that he was their offspring and relative. 
Justen wound up remembering thinking himself “Gallee himself wasn't fooled due to never giving me affection in a fatherly like view instead seemingly revering me by facial expression looks indicating it. Shanaya his mate seemingly acting like she was fooled whenever she met me by giving me motherly affection. Kennik and Lisana acting fooled into thinking that I was their brother when I wasn't.” 
He stops groaning to stand up glaring at the Telepaths accusingly. To sense the familiar sense of Ridgen in the room to glance near the doorway to find the male in the room with Leader Lave having a hand on the male's shoulder as if restraining him by the glaring expression on the Fishla's expression aimed at his Father raiser. He recognizes who seems shocked judging by the expression on his face. Indicating the Father/son raising connection as always whenever they meet after awhile of not acknowledging the connection. It’s judging by Terror as Ridgen prefers to be referred back then, always giving off that familiar expression on his face. He shifts to glare at the Telepaths as they walk down the stairs towards the table where Renova is standing looking annoyed to see them that don’t seem happy to see them either. He finds D'Clan not in sight and not in the room but elsewhere and senses T'La hiding underneath the table with the Tennans hiding there from feelings of them sensed. 
He gives Telepaths a glare as the female spoke “I’m ordering towards you Justen to get your daughter The Little Assassin as I dub T'La out of hiding underneath the table. It’s from witnessing her ducking out of sight underneath there when she saw us enter the room. We glimpsing her doing that hiding. Besides she has refused to acknowledge hearing any mental or verbal talk from them. She has acknowledged hand signs aimed at her. Has refused to indicate that the tech implant we gave her can make her hear anything. Some hearing problem she keeps on indicating on having. She born with that problem and having a tech implanted in her that gives her hearing. She refusing to acknowledge that she can hear anything period. She caught on indicating that she can hear sounds by the way she acts whenever we test her on that.” 
He gives them a glare and looks underneath the table to find T'La kneeling poked by Tennans all over the place. Some quite violent with the poking she ignoring them poking her by arms folded and an all black eyed glare that gives him a glare. 
He figures out “She's not really hiding but kneeling there to let the Tennans have their revenge for destroying too many of their offsprings' eggs. Practically wiping them all out including those carrying eggs hence they poking her with their clawed hands out of anger towards her.” 
He straightens up his form and speaks words translated by the computer “The Tennans figured out who destroyed their entity balls aka eggs. It was done by The Little Assassin and she's not really hiding but underneath the table but letting the Tennans hiding underneath there poking her with their clawed hands out of anger of the destruction. She destroyed all of the entity balls and that kind of wiped them out their offsprings hence they forced to start all over again to create more offsprings.” 
He gives the Telepaths a glare after stopping his talk as the female spoke “Interesting. Where's Diana is hiding?” 
He refuses to talk in answer to her question as the female taps on the computer console. 
A computer voice says “Cargo bay sixteen.” and she spoke “That's an interesting hiding place for the Gate Destroyers to hide. Computers tracking them have seen indicated that their hiding there as their home spot.” 
Justen hears an Hmph from Renova gives her a glare who gulps and speaks loudly “Tracker signal on Justen and his location?” 
Computer says “Command Center”.
 He glares at her accusingly as she spoke “Doctor Yong on his own self orders managed to implant Justen with a tracker signal like he always have done towards Gate Destroyers found in medical bay just to track their movements. He did the same towards Diana after it was obvious she was carrying his offspring. The tracker signal detected her there.” 
Justen doesn't comment a response as the female Telepath speaks an hmm comment before adding “Doctor Ridgen Zianan, it’s an honor to meet you.” 
He shifts to see Terror not having that shocked expression instead has a frown expression along with a familiar look in his eyes. He recognizes is acknowledging the Father/son connection despite not verbalizing it. He eyes Terror who doesn't talk only give a head bob.
Justen wound up to hear from the female telepath “Doctor Zianan never says much in our presence period. He’s only talkative if we got him into some medical situation involving him or whoever we have in our hands doing tests on. Hence he interferes whenever he thinks us doing the medical experiment wrong or inappropriate as usual.” 
Justen doesn't comment a response to the female's words instead keeps his mouth shut while giving her a glare as she added “Your son fathered through Diana must be thoroughly tested and raised properly by the proper people. Justen had some Tennan animalistic behavior when we found him. That this behavior got passed down onto his offsprings displaying that behavior at a young age and forced to learn how to behave properly.” 
He finds his senses blaring unexpectedly he recognizes is that the female lied on some of what she said. Due to realizing that Gate Destroyers were also lie detectors he seemingly having that ability. Wonders why the Telepaths don't seem aware of it despite hints thrown in their faces by him doing it to them. Them not getting it what he was trying to tell them including Diana refusing to translate that talk on lie detecting towards them period. By using another subject to translate what he was talking about some comment that always seemed to be flattering her period. He keeps his mouth shut in response due to finding himself not inclined to talk about the lie detecting instead eyes the female telepath. 
She spoke to her wrist speaking “Cargo bay sixteen is where the Gate Destroyers have a nest there. Use the proper techniques on acquiring Diana and offspring from them.” 
He speaks once she's done talking to her wrist “How you plan to get Diana and my son out of there without resistance by the Gate Destroyers?” 
He glares at the female telepath who spoke “Eli, I’m asking you for location of Deadly Assassin.” 
Computer referred as Eli says “Cargo bay sixteen.” 
Telepath female said “The assassin will do the job for us. He’s always displaying some loyalty attitude towards my people who gives him a job involving knocking out or assassinating Gate Destroyers. He always was doing it without questioning the order period.” 
He shifts to look underneath the table to find T'La still poked away by Tennans who signs to him he getting it her words unexpectedly “D'Clan and I always displayed this loyalty attitude towards Telepaths. We used that loyalty attitude to keep the Telepaths off their backs on causing assassinations of people who they think is causing harm towards our Father Justen himself. Out of loyalty towards him and that the Telepaths have managed to catch onto that attitude from time to time enough to punish us from time to time. We’re not going to drop that loyalty attitude towards our Father period.” 
He stops looking to shift to eye the female telepath who comments as if knowing what she said words twin to her words in some questioning tone. 
Including giving off a laugh and saying “That’s their excuse as always whenever their caught doing something inappropriate. My people don't like enough to try to get out of being punished. Mostly by having a favored object taken away or them forced to do something they don't want to do like the Tennans poking The Little Assassin in punishment for destroying all their offsprings.” 
He gives the female a glare in response as the female adds in a louder tone sounding like she's addressing T'La “That's enough of being poked so get out of underneath the table now!” 
Justen finds T'La obeying the order as if hearing her and gets into a standing position near the table while giving the female a glare with arms folded. 
The female Telepath adds addressing “Renova, show any camera views into Cargo bay sixteen to be shown on the monitor now. I want to see if the Deadly Assassin will do what's ordered period.” 
He eyes Renova who obeys to show an overhead shot of inside cargo bay sixteen to hear the computer rattling away various talks said by the Gate Destroyers in the room. 
The female Telepath spoke “Eli, just translate talk only on Gate Destroyers dubbed Kennik and Lisana as identified.” 
He finds the computer translating their talk seeing D'Clan in sight eyeing Diana with arms folded while she's visibly holding Justin and looking like she's eavesdropping onto the talk by the two siblings. Justen wound up to see D'Clan in a fast move snatch Justin out of Diana's arms along with throwing himself backwards into some acrobatic move. 
Justen heard “Hey!” comments from the siblings.
Diana commented loudly “Give the baby back!” 
He eyes the scene to see D'Clan stop flipping to speak loudly while holding Justin in a tight grip “Diana I names seems to understand a word the Gate Destroyers were talking about judging by her facial reactions aimed at them.” 
He hears growls from the Gate Destroyers to hear Kennik's talk “The kid isn't kidding on that. I noticed Diana seemed to figure out easily what we said to each other about going to hand gesture her to do something. She always doing the thing we hand gesture her to do. Like she easily got it from our hand gestures when she always seems to get it our talk period.” 
He sees Diana get up from the cot looking furious judging by the hands on her hips gesture. 
D'Clan still carrying Justin speaks loudly “Wait till Justen hears about this! I aim to go to the Command Center to order the computer to find him!”
Justen saw the camera view shift to show D'Clan darting out of cargo bay sixteen unstopped and heading towards an elevator to get inside. 
The camera shifts towards cargo bay sixteen to see and hear Lisana speaking “Diana! Get off from your useless screaming! Go on getting your own kid yourself for I’m not helping you!”
He found Diana was screaming “Gate Destroyers to stop the kid carrying Justin!” 
He eyes Diana who without a word darts out of cargo bay sixteen and looks rather lost on where to go. 
Till a Gate Destroyer's voice was heard saying “Kid said he'll be going to the Command Center which is command control of the Annoyov Barrack Station's functions.” 
Justen finds Diana darting towards an elevator in response after going through several corridors to get aboard. He turns towards the elevator up on the stairs to see D'Clan dart out carrying his son clad in a blanket run down the stairs and head towards the female telepath. The female Telepath takes the child away from him who doesn't protest to that instead goes to sit in a chair next to T'La. 
T’La signs him getting it her talk “This kidnapping was witnessed via recorder. Gate Destroyers carrying tracker implants that revealed their hiding place location in cargo bay sixteen.” 
He shifts to glare at the female telepath who appears to be scrutinizing Justin and spoke “He inherited his Father's Tennan half side due to displaying that all black eyed look. No other eyed look like with his two other children and might need the proper raising to learn to act human like. Deadly Assassin and The Little Assassin when they were youngsters were too animalistic to act Human like. Till they were given proper schooling on human behaviors including indicating on behaviors of assassinating people with no remorse from the killing. We’re sure that Justin the baby has that trait too.” 
He doesn't comment a response to hear the door to the room open and finds Diana darting inside the room looking annoyed to see her bent down groaning loudly. He spots one of the male telepaths have thrust the familiar device he recognizes dubbed Baron into sight that is glowing aimed at her direction as she keeps on groaning loudly. 
Before straightening up her form to fold her arms and speak sounding annoyed “Whose idea was it to have me forget what I was supposedly be doing towards Justin? It was as in having him raised by the Telepaths like with two other children of mine. I was not having success in getting them to behave Human like. The Telepaths had success in doing it including doing it to my children's Father as well.” 
Justen doesn't comment a response instead glares at the Telepaths to find them going up the stairs heading towards the elevator without a word towards Diana's comment. 
Finds them unstopped in entering it which doors shut followed by Diana speaking sounding furiously angry “I’m not breeding any more offsprings for Justen period. I had an enough of carrying them despite there already too many uncounted so far I’ve carried. I got fed up and managed to convince Justen to help me escape the Telepaths who did that escaping. The Fishla species got involved into that and separated us after the birth of one of the offsprings. The Fishla dumped the offspring into the Telepaths' hands as bribery to keep us out of their hands. They allowed Justen to work for the Telepaths as some enforcer in response. The Fishla managed to erase everything he and I recalled working for the Telepaths. It wound up leaving the Telepaths no choice but to agree to their demands.” 
Justen recalls that fully in his mind along with recalling that the Telepaths kept on insisting on making Diana carry offspring no matter how much time it took since the birth of her last offspring. He recalled that the Telepaths have only introduced two of them dubbed Deadly Assassin and The Little Assassin to him. They were refusing to show the other offsprings to him and Diana whenever pressed for them. Despite them born alive and later taken away soon after their born and have refused to give any information on what happened to those offsprings in question. 
He speaks words translated while eyeing Terror in response giving him a glare “The Telepaths had me mate with Diana multiple times. Mostly soon after she birthed an offspring alive in baby form that was taken away immediately which they insisted on a mating. They used some machine dubbed Baron to make us both submit to their mating demands if we refused. The Telepaths only introduced two offsprings to me dubbed by their assassin names instead of their actual names of D'Clan and T'La. The Telepaths have refused to give me information on what happened to the other offsprings in question. Diana was carrying an offspring when I and she escaped the Telepaths to land into the Fishla's care. Her offspring was born but I haven't heard anything involved with that offspring. Only that the Fishla managed to erase our memories before said to give the baby to the Telepaths. The Telepaths used me as some enforcer to serve a Telepath under command of a group of Humans. I haven't heard anything related towards Diana since my memory was erased.” 
He shifts to glare at Diana seeing Terror doing the same as she spoke “Some Fishla took responsibility for fathering me including giving me scary tales of dark creatures taking my Mother enough to get me to avoid traveling around in the dark in a forest where the Fishla were residing. I met Justen in some forest after he reportedly crashed his fighter onto the planet. I wound up hearing from the Commandant some Telepath leader that someone drugged Justen enough to put him asleep. Then threw him into some space fighter with autopilot on to travel somewhere far. I heard that someone who drugged him rigged his fighter to blow up in an explosion. Once it was free of the ship which he must have woken up to prevent that by manually overriding the blow up but wasn't able to override the auto pilot's method. He according to scans managed to crash the fighter onto a planet in an attempt to get out of that thing.” 
He recalls that fully to speak “I confirm that talk involving the fighter. There was some female I’m unsure of her name was the one who drugged me during some mating ritual. She was showing some loyalty interests into me despite others hating me a trick to drug me I think.” 
He hears from D'Clan loudly “Father, you don't have to worry about that female. T'La managed to assassinate her enough to cause her death as in rigging the garbage deposal to kill her when she went into it to escape the compound. The Commandant wound up aware of that status, punished her by taking away her favored weapon she habitually uses onto people other than kicking them onto the leg or stomping their feet with her own feet-” 
That was the end of the talk involving Justen via my mind as I wound up focusing onto Tom finding he had quit talking and was appearing to be lying onto the floor on his back. I focused onto Tom as if drawn to find the male was just lying on the floor as the gun weapon’s laser light was seen overhead him. I eyed Tom who appeared to be lying casually with an arm covering his eyes. I found Tom removed his arm appearing to look scaly skin like of a snake Humanoid and appeared to be focusing onto my eyesight’s view. 
It made me shocked seeing that as Tom formed a golden eyed glare and spoke in Rakcaran language hissing away I heard “Quit staring at me you stinking battery.”
I found myself focused onto the ceiling as if drawn to find nothing indicate of a battery’s status instead resumed focus onto Tom who kept on lying on the floor ignoring the gun’s laser. 
I wound up looking around via my eyesight within my mind as if drawn to mentally think “Where did Keeper go?”
I thought of Keeper only to find nothing came to my mind on where she went till I focused onto Tom who had managed to clasp his hands on top of his chest ignoring the laser’s lights flaring overhead. 
Tom again hissed angrily “Quit the staring now!”
I heard Zerra’s snickering like laughter in response to focus onto something else as if compelled. I focused onto Norok the Rakcar via memories of him as a Record Keeper. I saw via my mind Norok on a forest world wearing a blindfold and guided towards a gate, a travel gate via the metallic arch. I wound up watching as Norok’s blindfold was removed followed by Norok pushed into the gate. I focused onto another scene the Rakcar’s stadium of meeting for species of Rakcar to gather for meeting in peace.
The gatekeeper a humanoid with wings of a butterfly off his back and antennas off his top of the head and black beady eyes sounded the horn speaking “Entry, origin Edenia.” 
The gate flashed as Norok arrived walking through it. He paused from his walk and then walked towards the dais where the Rakcaran Pharaoh sat among the murmuring crowd. 
He stood and waited as the Pharaoh spoke words he understood “Good the meeting of the races ends now.”
The Pharaoh stood up and walked behind the dais entering a curtain followed by the Drainer, the Sakul and a Rakcar. 
Norok felt a hand on his arm and looked at the Rakcar that had pale green plant colored skin like himself who spoke “Follow me out of the stadium.” 
He followed the Rakcar up the dais passed the seat and entered a curtain area which revealed a round room with seats. Norok sat down on the seat as the Rakcar did the same. He looked in time to see a door slid closed and felt the room move at a fast speed going in twisting motions. Norok frowned as he sniffed the air with his thrusting tongue and cringed inwardly. He sensed the air smelled like death to him. Frowning he looked at the Rakcar who was fiddling with a device on his arm. The Rakcar he noticed had a sickly look on him and seemed dressed in a metal suit. 
The Rakcar noticing his stare spoke “This tech on my arm is a wonderful invention. It was created to make us hide and make us do things at fast speeds. It can even make us live very long.”
Norok groaned some sound and spoke “I have to decline wearing one of them. I prefer to live the rest of my natural life no matter how short it is.”
The Rakcar narrowed his pale golden eyes at Norok and spoke “You really should wear one-“
Norok interrupted “I say no thanks. I refused to wear one period.” 
The room stopped its motion and a wall slid opened showing two Rakcar standing there. Norok stood up as the other Rakcar got up speaking “This fool told me he refused to wear one of the techs.” 
Norok felt pressure on his arm and yanked off the tech holding it up while speaking “I said I refused to wear one and I expect this honored!” 
He saw one of the Rakcar in a fast motion yank the tech from his hand and another pointed at him speaking “You’ll regret this. King Winter will have your blood for that.” 
Norok spoke “I’ll take my chances with King Winter.” 
He found himself grabbed on the arms by two of the Rakcar who proceeded to haul him in a fast dizzying speed through corridors which stopped when they threw him in a chair. 
Norok shook his head as one of the Rakcar spoke in Basic sounding a bad attempt of hissing it out “Speaker, this Rakcar refuses to wear the tech.” 
Norok looked around to see that he was in a circular room and facing him was a series of three night sky colored dark windows in the wall with a metal table in front of it. 
He frowned as an image appeared on the table, words in Rakcaran language that said “You will allow Rakcar to refuse to wear the tech.” 
He frowned as the Rakcar standing next to him on his left spoke in Basic “I must protest this. The Rakcar don’t know what their missing by not wearing the tech.”
The words in the image on the table changed to say “Your protest is noted. You have forbidden females and Human slaves to wear the tech. You will allow the males to refuse and they will suffer no consequences for their refusal.” 
The Rakcar standing on his right spoke “Speaker, I will respect that.” 
The image on the table changed showing words that said “Be gone now. See that this Rakcar is given a place in society.”
Norok frowned as the two Rakcar grabbed his arms and with dizzying speeds hauled him out of the room. The speeding stopped and Norok shook his head of the dizziness to find himself in a large room with tables and benches where female Rakcar along with Humans, male and female were sitting eating food from dishware on trays. He looked to see facing him across the room was a wall of windows with was broken up with a double door in the middle of the windows. Outside littering the ground was snow which was slowly falling in the pale sun as a mountain chain towered on the horizon. Frowning he looked to see at one corner of the room where machines with trays sitting in a neat pile besides them. He walked towards them when he felt himself grabbed from behind and with a dizzying speed hauled passed the door into the snow. Norok felt something hit him in the face and he fell unconscious. 

I kept on seeing via my mind of Norok came to with a gasp to feel something touching his face as he felt pressure on his chest. He opened his golden eyes to stare at sky blue colored eyes of a snow colored furry gonoid that was sniffing his face with its moving pink nose. The gonoid, I recognized as Human pet dubbed bunny, fluffed its long ears with its paws and hopped off of him with a small bounce to sit next to him. Norok sat up to find himself lying on a dirt ground that was lit by glowing balls in the walls. He looked around at his right to see a metal gate lining the whole wall while the rest of the walls were rocky dirt ground covered with glowing balls of light. Frowning he stood up and rubbed his face with a hand. He stiffened feeling pain in his neck and felt the area with a hand to feel two scabby holes. He frowned some more as he looked at the gonoid sitting by his foot and glimpsed movement out of the corner of his eyes. Norok looked up and stiffened with shock to see a figure in snow colored furry gonoid skin clothing in a male form standing on the other side of the gate. The figure had a glaring pale Human face with long night sky colored hair with a storm cloud colored crown on his head with a fiery torch cauldron staff held in his right hand. 
Norok groaned out in recognizing the Cold Lord “King Winter.”
King Winter he saw made a gesture with his head as part of the gate slid open with a thud and made a gesture with his left hand. Norok found himself sliding forwards in a fast motion till King Winter grabbed him on the neck gagging him. 
He stiffened when he heard a loud demanding voice speak in his head “Ears the gonoid insists that you live. I have a piece of advice, Rakcar, if you want to live to see another day. You see gonoids hanging around doing something don’t acknowledge them unless they indicate that in their behavior. Ears insisted on living with you and I have agreed to his request.” 
Norok at the moment found his neck freed and coughed. Norok straightened up to see King Winter bent down and grabbed the gonoid Ears by the ears lifting it up which he thrust at him. Norok held Ears the gonoid who settled himself in his arms. He stood as a large ball of ice arrived from King Winter surrounded him and the Cold Lord. Norok adjusted his feet as he felt the ball moving in the air flying at a fast speed. He stood staring at King Winter who’s Human like sky colored blue eyes were staring at the ball’s walls unseeing him. The ball stopped and King Winter looked at Norok with a glare throwing the staff at his face. Norok blinked his eyes from the staff glare to found himself standing in front of a set of doors in the snow. He looked behind him to see a ball of ice flying away from him in the air. Norok pulled opened one of the doors and entered a small room while feeling warm air blowing at him. He saw another set of doors in front of him and pulled one open to enter a large room where Humans and female Rakcar were sitting on benches in front of tables eating food. None of them looked at him arrive into the room. Frowning he walked towards the machines at the corners only to be blocked by two appearing sickly pale Rakcar wearing grey clothing who stood with arms folded. 
One of them spoke “What do we have here? It looks like King Winter found something he liked with this so called Rakcar that he gave him a gonoid to play with.”
The two Rakcar laughed jeering at Norok who bowed his head to stare at their feet. He stared with curiosity to see two brown colored gonoids he recognized as snakes in their long cylinder forms wrap themselves around a leg of both laughing Rakcar. He frowned as he saw the snakes opened their mouth revealing two long fangs which they imbedded into a laughing Rakcar’s leg biting them. He sensed a sound of a rattle sounding within him making him stiffen he recognized was the death rattle. Norok stiffened recognizing the gonoids the snakes attaching themselves to the Rakcar were the fabled Lun Ra as they were called. 
Norok looked up to stare at the Rakcar who kept laughing as one spoke “Let it be known that this Rakcar is forbidden from wearing the tech for being King Winter’s pet.” 
Norok spoke “I second the motion for I refused to wear the tech.” 
The Rakcar stopped laughing staring at him with glares. He looked down at their feet to see the snakes the fabled Lun Ra sliding away on the snow colored tile floor and looked up to stare at the two glaring Rakcar.
One of them spoke “Fine, have it your way. You’re not getting the tech no matter how miserable your life gets.”
He sensed a whizzing vibrations as the two Rakcar left him followed by two thumps like vibrations behind him. Norok turned around to find both Rakcar lying on the floor, on their stomachs, waving their arms, mouths open. He looked at their forms to see night sky colored liquid came pouring out of their clothes as their forms got flatter and flatter. The waving stopped as the Rakcar on the ground went still. Norok grimaced as he saw their heads flatten themselves falling apart in pieces as night sky colored liquid dripped from them onto the floor. He stared with a frown as the liquid formed a small pool and dried turning into dirt littering the floor surrounding the Rakcars’ clothing. Norok sensed a whizzing vibration and looked at his left to see a Rakcar wearing identical clothing as the two appear with arms folded. 
The Rakcar pointed at him and spoke “I’ll see that you won’t get the tech for this.”
Norok stared as the Rakcar narrowed his pale golden eyes at him while shaking his head and turned around leaving him with a whizzing vibration.  
Frowning he looked down at Ears held in his arms and whispered “What do you think, Ears? He did me a favor. I got what I wanted.” 
Norok looked at the windows showing the snow on the ground with a mountain chain towering on the horizon. He felt Ears squirm in his arms and bent down to place the gonoid on the snow colored floor. He straightened up and was grabbed on the arms and with dizzying speed moved which stopped. He shook his head blinking his eyes to see he was back in the speaker room with the Rakcaran Pharaoh sitting in the chair with a Drainer next to him. Norok frowned as he saw two Rakcar standing besides him with arms folded. 
The Pharaoh spoke as the Drainer moved his mouth “You speaker are Humanian and not Rakcaran.” 
He looked at the table which words flashed “What are you implying, Pharaoh?”
The Pharaoh replied to the question “I’m implying that you are Humanian who is in a tube asleep at the Rakcaran stadium and has taken control of the speaker. We are in process of removing you.” 
The table’s words flashed “Very well done, Pharaoh, how did you figure that out?”
Norok frowned at the words as the Pharaoh answered “You insisting we speak Basic to you along with using the word blast a Humanian saying. The speaker is actually a member of my kind who has no ability to speak or think in Basic.”
The words on the table flashed “Interesting. Your right, I’m Humanian but wrong on my location and wrong on assuming that I control just the speaker.”
Norok stiffened as sensing a metal vibration and saw part of the wall below the windows open showing a gun that fired a laser beam which hit one of the Rakcar standing besides him. The Rakcar gasped and fell towards the floor as night sky liquid came pouring out of a hole in the Rakcar’s chest as his body hitting the ground became flat breaking apart in pieces. Norok felt vibrations as openings in the walls arrive along with guns that pointed at him and the others. 
He sensed movement as a Rakcar appeared and spoke “The Humanian has been successfully removed.”
The Pharaoh spoke gesturing with a hand towards the guns “Wrong, that Humanian is not responsible for this for there’s another Humanian.” 
Norok looked at the table which words flashed “Try finding me if you like for I’ll stop you along with my minions who serve me with their life for their willing to die for me.” 
The Pharaoh exclaimed “I have realized you’re in the ancient guardian tower!”
The table flashed “Very good on figuring that out. Your Pharaoh before you, one thousand Rakcaran cycles ago, foolishly thought I would be a harmless battery when the Rakcar put me in the guardian tower and built all the machinery and buildings covering it.”
Norok groaned softly as the Pharaoh stood up from the chair with arms folded as the table flashed “To take me out you will have to destroy a lot more than the machinery and buildings but your source of energy powering everything on Rakcara.”
Norok looked at the Pharaoh who turned to his side walking away from the chair. 
The Pharaoh seeing Norok spoke “Who are you, Rakcar?”
Norok spoke “I’m High Commander Norok, house of Evdok.”
The Pharaoh unfolded his arms and spoke “Impossible for a Rakcar to live over five hundred Rakcaran cycles without the help of the tech.” 
Norok spoke “I lived in the palace of the High Council preserved by them.” 
The Pharaoh spoke “This explains why you’re still living after going into hiding one thousand Rakcaran years ago.” 
 I wound up not seeing what else happened to Norok. I kept on focusing onto him as if drawn. Norok lay on the cot bed in a large room surrounded by cot beds that had Humans lying on them asleep. He exhaled air and adjusted his position from his side to his back to stare at the ceiling that was littered with small black globes with red dots on them. He frowned as he closed his eyes surrendering to sleep. 

Norok stood in a dry arid desert field with cracks in the ground. He frowned looking around and saw a mountain chain in the distance surrounding the field. Norok exhaled air as he saw something shiny in the direction he looked. He started walking towards the shiny thing he saw as he got closer was a towering above him large cylinder thin at the top and wide at the bottom. The thin part he saw had a window enclosure enclosing the thinnest part with a triangle roof top. He exhaled air recognizing the lighthouse as the guardian tower and he stopped his walking with a frown. He felt a tap on his shoulder by a hand and turn to his left to face a Humanoid being in a male form with long sun colored hair pulled back and a Human appearance on his face with Human ears but had golden sun colored Human eyes. Norok widen his eyes of shock recognizing the being as a Humanian who he saw was dressed in shiny storm cloud colored metal like clothing and he saw the hands were bare and clawed. 
The Humanian spoke Norok understanding his words “Well, what we have here, a Rakcar who’s a fool.” 
Norok groaned as memories of the Humanian visiting him in dreams before he left Rakcara on a Rakcaran warship arrived in his mind. He folded his arms while narrowing his eyes boring at the Humanian. 
The Humanian spoke again “You escaped me by leaving Rakcara on that Rakcaran warship. Remember my words I said you’ll be back and your back. I’m going to enjoy torturing you again.” 
Norok spoke as the Humanian smiled baring fanged teeth “I like to know why.” 
The smile he saw went off which anger arrived on the Humanian’s face as the Humanian spoke “Blast you, Rakcar, don’t play me by pretending you don’t know.” 
Norok spoke “I did many things against your kind, some terrible. I don’t know which of what I did to cause you to torture me.”
The Humanian spoke “Blast you fool. I’ll tell you why. We crash landed on Rakcara and came out of our warship. As we lay sick from our injuries you and two other Rakcar arrived. You with your gun pulled a Humanian from the group and shot Karina in the head who was just a child, killing her. You’ll be tortured for doing this.” 
Norok spoke “Tell me something, Humanian, since you can control everything can you access computer filed information? I suggest you do it. You’ll find that there was a Human child who looked exactly like your Karina who was killed by a snake gonoid. Her body mysteriously disappeared-“
Norok was cut off when the Humanian’s right hand shot out grabbing him by a choke hold on the neck. 
Norok gagged while putting his hands on the Humanian’s arm as the Humanian spoke “Enough of this useless babble. Your torture begins. I’m going to enjoy this.”
Norok groaned as the Humanian raised his left arm fisting the hand and then saw him look at his shoulder before letting go of him while speaking “Blast, time for you to get up. I’ll get you next time.” 
The Humanian he saw turned away disappearing from his eyes sight as everything went black. 

Norok jerked his eyes open as he felt fingers on his right arm tapping away. He turned his head to his right to see a Human male dressed a day sky colored version of the Rakcar’s grey clothing with short night sky colored hair leaning over him with a hand tapping his arm. 
He stared at the Human with confusion as the Human spoke in Basic “Its time to get up and start the day.” 
Norok rubbed a hand on his forehead as the Human took his hand away straightening up while standing next to the cot bed. He got up from the cot bed to see other beds were empty of occupants and followed the Human to an open doorway that led to the elevator. He frowned as the Human and him stepped into the elevator and felt the machine go up. The elevator stopped with a jerk doors sliding open to reveal the large cafeteria room where Humans and Rakcar females were at the tables sitting on benches eating their food from dishware on trays in front of them. Norok followed the Human to the food processing units and he loaded up a tray full of dishware holding food then he carried the tray to an empty table next to the window and sat on the bench. With a frown he saw the Human who woke him up sit at the table across from him sitting on the bench while putting down a tray filled with dishware holding food. He ate his food in silence and felt a vibration on his right side and looked to see out the window was a Humanoid figure wearing night sky scaly clothing with a barrel shaped mask covering the head showing no details of the face or head. The figure’s hand he saw was Human like in a fist knocking on the window which was lowered and then the figure disappeared from his eyes sight. Norok turned his head away to stare at his food as he saw out of the corners of his eyes the Human waving a hand. 
He looked up at the Human who spoke in Basic while lowering his hand “What you saw is a race known among the Rakcar as Mesan’s Curse, Rakcaran name for the walking dead. According to the Rakcar there were sightings of Mesan’s Curse nearly one thousand Rakcaran years ago. At first Mesan’s Curse was doing nothing but being seen by Rakcar then the acts of sabotage and death started eight hundred years ago. There’s won’t die rumor among us, Humans, said that Mesan’s Curse can hide any where unseen and move in fast speeds.”
Norok thought to himself as the Human paused from talking “Hence Rakcar wearing tech to fight Mesan’s Curse.” 
The Human he saw leaned down on his left side then straightened up to place a familiar gonoid on the table. Norok paused from eating recognizing Ears who sat on his haunches while moving his pink nose. 
He looked at the human staring at the gonoid who spoke again “Unusual gonoid being friendly with people.”
Norok swallowed some food and took a sip from his cup swallowing the liquid and spoke in Basic “Gonoid’s name is Ears who I got from King Winter.” 
He frowned seeing the Human shot his head towards him while opening his mouth to gap at him. 
Norok continued speaking in Basic “Oh alright, I’ll tell you. I was tossed outside in the cold, unsure who, for refusing to wear the tech, a view I’m sticking with. I woke up in a caged room with Ears sitting on my chest and met the Cold Lord. King Winter communicated to me that Ears wanted me left alive and to live with me a request the Cold Lord had granted.”
Norok paused as the Human spoke “Interesting. I’m referred by the call number of Seventy. You are?”
Norok spoke “I’m Norok.”
Seventy spoke “Nice to meet you, Norok.”  
I didn’t see what happened next instead focused onto Norok asleep while lying in his cot bed he appearing to be having a nightmare by him shaking his head back and forth with eyes shut. I focused onto Norok’s dream as if compelled to find within his mind he stood in the dry arid desert field with cracks in the ground with a frown on his face. He looked around and was grabbed from behind by hands that twisted his form. 
He groaned recognizing the Humanian who spoke “Your torture begins now.” 
Norok groaned again as the Humanian grabbed his neck with a hand lifting him up to dangle his feet. Norok grabbed the arm holding his neck with his hands as he felt a fist repeatedly hit him in the stomach then he was air borne thrown in the air and landed on the dirt ground on his back. He coughed breathing the air as the Humanian advanced towards him with hands fisted and an angry look on his Human like face. 
Norok spoke as he sat up “You really should do something else besides torturing me-“
The Humanian interrupted “Enough talk, Rakcar.” 
Norok spoke as he stood up folding his arms “Don’t tempt me to change my mind on getting the tech.” 
The Humanian reaching him spoke “They won’t give you the tech no matter how you beg for one. I’ve seen to it by manipulating them to refuse. You’re not the only one who I can visit when asleep.”
Norok unfolded his arms and fisted his hands in front of him as he spoke “You want to torture me? You’re not doing it without a fight from me.” 
The Humanian he saw disappeared from his eyes sight and he felt from behind him an arm grab his neck in a choke hold gagging him. 
Norok put his hands on the arm as he heard the Humanian speak “Go ahead and fight me, Rakcar. I welcome the challenge.” 
Norok lowered his hands and thrust his elbows behind him meeting air as the arm holding his neck let go and he bent down coughing. A booted foot hit him in the face and he jerked feeling himself thrown backwards to land on the ground on his back. 
Groaning he lay as the Humanian appeared standing next to him speaking “Nice try, Rakcar, in case you forgot our previous battles, you fought me with everything you had but you were never able to defeat me.”
Norok groaned some more as the Humanian twisted his form, back facing him and heard him say “Blast you, King Winter I knew you would do this but not now.”
Norok frowned at the words as the Humanian’s form disappeared and everything went white as snow arrived falling from the sky coating the ground. He stood up rubbing a hand on his head and lowered his arm to stare besides him at the guardian tower encased in ice. Shaking his head he frowned as everything went black.  

Norok jerked his eyes open when he felt tapping on his right arm. He turned his head to the right to see the familiar Human, Seventy leaning over with fingers tapping his right arm. 
Norok spoke in Basic “Oh time to get up.”
He got up from the bed and followed Seventy to the elevator which went up. Reaching the cafeteria room he paused to stare out the windows, outside, to see thick whirling snow falling to the ground in flakes some coating the windows. He frowned as he went to the food processing unit to get his food and went to his familiar table to sit as Seventy sat across from him. He saw Seventy lean down on his side and straighten up to place Ears on the table who sat on his stomach. 
Seventy spoke in Basic “There’s blessings and curses when the cold hits in a storm. One of the blessings is that Mesan’s Curse ceases their acts of sabotage and death. One of the curses is power can go out any time, any where crippling Rakcar where ever they are.” 
Norok opened his mouth when he sensed movement besides him on his left and looked to see a gonoid head figure with a bare humanoid body while wearing a cloud colored skirt sit down next to him putting a tray on the table. He stared at the figure that had a staff attached to his back with a thick belt wrapped around the upper bare body on the chest with curiosity and saw out of the corners of his eyes Seventy waving a hand. 
He looked at Seventy who spoke while lowering his hand “This is Anubis, the disappeared High Council’s former servant who the Pharaoh roped in doing servant work for him. His voice when he talks is stadium sized and will break hearing people’s eardrums so excuse him for not speaking.” 
Norok spoke “I get it your words.” 
He looked at Anubis who tore off a piece of leafy greenery from the food on his tray with his clawed hands and placed it in front of Ears who picked it up with his paws and began chewing on it.  I found the memory focused again onto Norok asleep while lying in his cot bed. This time Norok appeared to be having a nightmare he shaking visibly while acting like he was punched to me. Norok, I saw within my mind was dreaming of himself tortured by the Humanian using him as punching bag. I saw Norok groaned from the Humanian’s fist hitting him in the stomach. He bent down groaning and felt the Humanian grab his neck with a hand straightening his form. 
I heard a voice speak “I see your still playing with your toy again.” 
I saw the Humanian looking at his left and followed the direction to see Seventy standing too many footsteps away with arms folded a glare on his face. 
I heard the Humanian speak “Well, well Seventy the hybrid freak is here. What wisdom you wish to tell me?”
Norok frowned at the words as Seventy spoke “I resent being called a hybrid freak and you know it’s insulting.” 
Norok coughed feeling the Humanian release his hold on his neck. The Humanian’s form disappeared and appeared standing behind Seventy, face close to the Human’s right ear.
The Humanian spoke “I know of your parentage, two different species, Mesan’s Curse and human coming together and created you.”
Norok opened his mouth of shock hearing the words.
Seventy opened his mouth to speak when he heard a voice speak “What’s going on here?”
Norok turned his head to the left as Seventy and the Humanian turned their heads to the right to see Anubis standing too many footsteps away with arms folded baring fanged teeth from his snout mouth. 
Anubis spoke again “I said what’s going on here?”
The Humanian spoke “Ah a new toy to play with. I’ve grown bored of playing with my toys from being in the guardian tower.” 
Anubis spoke “You’re that Humanian the Pharaoh told me about.”
The Humanian spoke “Your right on that. I believe your name is Anubis and you’re the High Council’s former servant. I’m going to enjoy torturing you.” 
Norok frowned as Anubis yank the staff off his back and thrust it in front of him while speaking “Not without a fight from me.” 
The Humanian laughed then spoke “Go ahead and fight me. I’ll enjoy the challenge-“
Norok groaned as the Humanian cut himself off as snow arrived falling from the sky. 
The Humanian spoke “Blast, King Winter always interfering with my playing.” 
Norok watched as the Humanian disappeared from eyes sight as Anubis placed his staff back on his back and folded his arms. The scene went black as if the dream quit. Norok, I saw woke up jerking his eyes with a start to look at his right. 
Seventy stood next to the cot bed who spoke “I was about to wake you up.” 
Norok got up from the cot bed to see Anubis from behind Seventy in a fast motion grab him on the neck with a clawed hand. 
He saw Anubis’s snout mouth move as Seventy’s face grimaced in pain as he spoke “Alright, Anubis, I’ll tell him.”  
Anubis he saw released his hold on Seventy’s neck. 
Seventy spoke “My father is Mesan’s Curse and my mother is Human. I was born one thousand Rakcaran cycles ago. Mesan’s Curse according to the Humanian in my dreams is aware of me. They occasionally check up on me just to see how I’m doing. The Pharaoh like the Pharaoh before him and his predecessors is aware of my parentage. They guard me and my heritage well like a secret keeping me alive.”
I found Anubis thrusting out his staff and whacking Seventy on the top of the head knocking him out unconscious. I felt confusion hitting me to why Anubis would do that. I kept on eyeing Anubis who ignored Norok by fading from view. Norok, I saw wound up resuming to lie onto the cot bed ignoring Seventy lying on the floor. I saw Norok wound up shutting his eyes and appeared to resume a sleeping status despite having a nightmarish dream. Norok, I saw via his mind’s dream groaned from the blow landing on his face. 
He heard a voice belonging to Seventy speak from his left side “What do the computer files on me say?”
He exhaled air as the Humanian paused from punching him as Seventy spoke again “I said, what do the computer files on me say?”
He looked at his left to see Seventy standing with arms folded as the Humanian spoke “Enough of the useless babble-“
Seventy interrupted “I deserve to know.” 
Norok looked at the Humanian who turned his back to him as the guardian tower appeared with lightening flashing from the roof top that went into the sky. He frowned watching lightening strike the Humanian on the head who didn’t flinch. 
The Humanian spoke “Blast!”
Norok frowned watching the Humanian pacing walking back and forth as lightening struck him on the head repeatedly. He folded his arms as he saw out of the corners of his eyes Seventy walking to stand next to him with arms folded eyes staring at the Humanian who paused from walking to stand with back to them. 
He heard the Humanian speak “I’m trapped forever.” 
Norok frowned at the words as Seventy walked forward which he followed till they were both standing at each side of the Humanian who’s head was down facing the ground. He saw Seventy place a hand gently on the Humanian’s right shoulder as he did the same placing a hand on the left shoulder. 
The Humanian spoke again “Their using me like I use them.” 
Norok spoke “What do you know about my people using the tech?”
The Humanian raised his head and spoke “After my people crash landed on Rakcara, the Rakcar stripped us of our technology and in process discovered the tech we were wearing and its uses. They treated the tech at first as a toy. They didn’t get serious about the tech till Mesan’s Curse started their acts of sabotage and death eight hundred Rakcaran years ago. I had nothing to do with Mesan’s Curse causing their actions but I did tell them about Seventy five hundred years ago. The Rakcar, I observed, wearing the tech appeared to forget to eat, to sleep, to breed and medically take care of themselves along with taking care of their gonoids and the affairs of Humanoid races here on Rakcara.”
The Humanian paused then continued speaking “The tech is reason why the Samol or Sakul, whatever name they call themselves, I observed, are showing no loyalty to the Rakcar and the Pharaoh. They appear to see Mesan’s Curse as an ally worth helping them and are responsible for keeping Seventy alive which they have enforced with the current Pharaoh and his predecessors. Enough of this useless babble!”
I found Norok get punched into the stomach held up in the air by the Humanian as Seventy pounded the male’s back into some fist move. Seventy’s fisting appeared to not hurt the Humanian as the male punched Norok onto the front. The scene went black in my mind and I focused onto something else related to Norok as if drawn.  Norok walked in the hallway with Seventy besides him and Anubis behind them. Norok and others paused when he sensed a vibration and looked on his right to see a small part of the wall open revealing a gun device that fired a continuous laser beam aimed in front of them. Norok looked to see Mesan’s Curse with a male form appear from a hidden state with a pointed long cloud object in his hand with the laser beam pointing on his chest. 
He looked at Seventy who spoke in Basic “This Rakcar has refused to wear the tech.”   
He turned his head towards Mesan’s Curse looking at the round shaped head wear and spoke in Basic “I refused to wear the tech a view I expect honored with help from people helping me keep it.” 
Mesan’s Curse he saw flicked a hand holding the long cloud object which disappeared sliding in the sleeve as the form disappeared followed by the laser turning itself off along with the wall sliding closed like vibration. Norok groaned some sound as he, Seventy and Anubis continued walking. They reached a large vast opening in the wall to see the large vast throne room and saw sitting in the seat was the Rakcaran Pharaoh across from them and standing in front backs to them were two hooded figures wearing night sky clothing while moving jerkily. Norok groaned recognizing the Samol or Sakul another Humanoid race on Rakcara who were known to have no loyalty to the Pharaoh or to the Rakcar. He, Seventy and Anubis walked into the room as one of the Samol or Sakul in a twisting motion turned around and looked at him with sun colored Human narrowed eyes on a plant colored scaly face. He blinked his eyes to see the Samol looking at him in a fast motion was no longer standing in front of the Pharaoh but was standing in front of him inches away staring with narrowed eyes.
The Samol spoke revealing fanged teeth in basic “Who are you Rakcar?”
Norok spoke “I’m High Commander Norok, House of Evdok.” 
The Samol spoke again “Interesting a hidden Rakcar no longer hidden.” 
He blinked his eyes to see the Samol was no longer standing inches away from him but had resumed standing next to his Samol companion in front of the Pharaoh. He watched as Anubis held up a thick roll of paper towards the Samol who took it and he frowned as the Samols’ form faded from his eyes sight.  Anubis hands Samol a thick roll of paper which they take and disappear form turning invisible. 
Pharaoh, Norok notices speaks words “There’s a Human being in the room!” 
Group see a Human with facial hair standing at the doorway with arms folded, I recognized on memory as my father William himself. Norok stiffens to see the Human’s eyes glow sun colored while moving his mouth as two Rakcar appear besides him falling to the floor bodies turning to dirt. Human male walked forward to stand in front of Pharaoh, footsteps away. 
Pharaoh asks him with Drainer speaking his words “What’s your purpose being here Builder?” 
Builder speaks as Norok pays attention to the Drainer “You Rakcar are in trouble for annexing planetary worlds as their territory along with causing destruction on them.” 
Norok gets annoyed at hearing the words. 
Builder includes “The Rakcar made many enemies from doing this including one very powerful. One of the enemies is my species the Builder that has a nasty angry temper. There are allies with my species the Builder who have talked them out of using their technology to cause extinction to the Rakcar. The allies according to the Builders are running out of reasons to keep the Rakcar alive and are struggling to keep the Builders from blowing their angry temper. The Rakcar should know about this hence I telling them about my species and their anger.” 
I wound via memory to recognize it was the first time my father William himself a hybrid Rakcar and Builder met the Rakcar and announced his presence. I did record his life in another journal of my writings. This time I focused onto Norok as if compelled by the Meritanian Zerra, mind scanning me and snickering loudly in my mind.   
      
Norok is in the eating room with Seventy and Anubis eating their food at a table next to the double doors which open showing a female Rakcar who enters the room who abruptly sneezes. 
Seventy gets Norok’s attention by mouthing “Norok, you should get the females to support your no tech view. The females in return would band together to force the males and others to support the view.” 
Norok nods his head in understanding gets up towards the female showing comfort towards her as she is sneezing. He takes her arm to the food processing units and feels tech on his arm. 
He yanks off and waves it while yelling “I refuses to wear the tech and expects that honored!” 
Norok tosses the tech in the air and it lands on the floor near a table. He turns around getting food for the sneezing female who is staring at him with a shocked expression on her face while continuing sneezing. He brings her to his table which she eats the food and meets Seventy and Anubis.
 Norok spoke “I’m introduces myself as Norok house of Evdok-“ 
She interrupts to say “You went into hiding years ago and hasn’t been found. What’s with your reasons for the no tech view?”
Norok speaks “The view started when I saw a Rakcar male wearing it looking sickly along with smelling of death. I wound up being told that it keeps them alive longer. I think wearing the tech has a price tag.” 
Norok added “I think that the tech wearing’s price tag, caused the Rakcar to forget to eat, to sleep, to breed and medically take care of themselves along with taking care of their gonoids and affairs of other Humanoid races here. It’s a price I’m not willing to pay by wearing the tech and would rather not wear one.”   
I focused onto the female as if drawn to find nothing came to the mind but recalled the mysterious Lun Ra biting her on the foot and her passing away from the poisoned status. I wound up mostly seeing her getting up after eating her food and tripping onto the floor as if her feet couldn’t hold her anymore. I saw Norok went to her in concern only to find her body shivering up into liquid indicating she had the tech on her form and was poisoned to death by the fabled Lun Ra. I kept on focusing onto Norok as if drawn to find the male and Seventy with Anubis going into the sleeping room where there were cots and going to a cot. I saw a male figure lying onto the cot I wasn’t sure who he was, despite the name of Kick come to my mind.  Norok and Seventy went to the male lying on a bed, Seventy standing with arms folded. I see Norok sees Human male wearing night sky clothing lying on a cot asleep. I frowned seeing the Human male has tubes going into his nose and around the back of his ears going into his clothing. Frowning Norok went to join Seventy who with a hand wakes the male up who looks at them. I see the male’s eyes are Human but with Rakcar’s golden color in them.  
I saw Norok lip reads Seventy speaking “I’m called Seventy. I have stuffed your mask in your jacket pocket.” 
I saw the male place a hand on his chest which I see has a budge. 
Norok spoke “I’m called Norok. I’m disagreeing with the Rakcar obsessed with wearing tech that makes them hide in plain sight and moves fast. I refuse to wear and expect that honored.” 
Seventy talks “The Rakcar has forgotten to do things due to their obsession with the tech a price tag Norok isn’t willing to pay.” 
Seventy insists to the male on the cot “I insist that you come with us.”
 The male gets up and follows the group to the elevator which goes up to the eating room. Norok keeps his mouth shut as Seventy teaches the male how to get food and drink from the machines. The male follows them to the table where they sit eating. He feels a vibration on the window looks to see Mesan’s Curse who waves a fisted hand before fading from eyes sight. 
Seventy gets Norok’s attention via hand wave indicating the Rakcar are deaf to noises and spoke “The Rakcar before the current Pharaoh were ruled by a Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh. Mesan’s Curse overthrew whose face was seen before he was said to be executed and body disposed.” 
Norok was sensed feels confusion shows it on his face which Seventy points to the male and speaks “The Pharaoh is him actually.”
 I see Anubis tape Seventy on the shoulder shaking his head a Human gesture of “No.” 
Seventy’s mouth as Anubis moves his snout speaking “The male doesn’t smell like the Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh and isn’t him but looks like him by his facial appearance.”
 The male nod his head Human style yes which Seventy spoke “Its strange that Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh have someone have the male’s facial appearance but that its odd.” 
The male again nods his head in agreement which the group eats their food in silence then I saw them asleep on cots as if dream nightmarish dreams. I saw via my mind of Norok and Seventy appear together to see the Humanian having a foot on the male’s neck gagging him. 
The Humanian blinks and is in front of them inches away who speaks “Well, what we have here, a Rakcar who’s a fool accompanied by the Hybrid freak Seventy.” 
Norok spoke “What the files say about me killing a Humanian named Karina?” 
The Humanian roars some angry sound and charges in a disappearing in a blink and appears in front of Norok gagging him with hands on his throat. 
Norok gags out with Seventy pounding the Humanian’s back with his fists “There should be a record of Karina’s death which would show what I did with her body after I killed her.” 
Norok continues to gag out asking “What’s stopping the Humanian from finding out what I did to Karina’s body and manipulating people to attend to the remains?” 
The Humanian blinks out which Norok bending down coughing as Anubis growls out loud “The Humanian being obsessed with some Humanian child killed by a Rakcar.” 
Then Anubis is thrown on his back as the Humanian blinks back appearing to be pushing him which the Humanian is raining fists onto Anubis’s face as Norok and Seventy both attack the Humanian punching his back. The Humanian I see is suddenly thrown back wards in the air and is caught by hand on his neck. I see hand belongs to King Winter with an angry look on his face with Rakcaran like eyes. 
I heard the Humanian gag out “Stop your cold! I can’t take it!” 
I see the lighthouse appear behind them and saw electrical lightening come from it going into the sky then return and come out hitting the Humanian on the head who doesn’t scream in pain from it. 
I watched as the Humanian closes his eyes with a pained expression on his face while groaning out loud loudly “Karina, my Karina” repeatedly over and over. 
I saw the others stood watching as King Winter thrusts his staff in front of him. Norok, like he with the others is hit with snow which the Rakcar jerks open his eyes from the cot he’s laying on to sit up shaking his head of confusion from a dream. I focused onto Norok as if drawn who is speaking while their in the eating room.
He is talking I heard him admits to the others while eating “I didn’t really kill Karina but stun her and took her away to a boat. I went to an island surrounded by a lake and met Mesan’s Curse there that took an awaken Karina from me and stranded me on the island. I had to wait till sundown for Rakcar to come with another boat. I was the first known Rakcar at my time to have contact with Mesan’s Curse and saw what they looked like underneath their masks. I says look like the Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh’s twin sitting next to me.”
I didn’t see anything else regarding Norok as if compelled wound up focusing onto another memory of someone I wasn’t sure who it was. I was rather confused seeing the memory of the male Human with long blonde hair flashing in my mind. I kept on watching as if compelled the male Human in my mind is appearing to be contained into a tube as a battery. I recognized the battery in the stadium’s hidden gateway to the Mediterranean galaxy which was talk for battery hook up hiding place. I kept on watching via my mind as if drawn as the male was appearing to be hooked up as a main power source to the stadium while noticing a female Sora with a Highlander’s pointed ears and long black hair floating next to the Human. I saw the Sora being appeared to see me by narrowing her eyes and staring right at me. I wasn’t sure why she was seeing me despite her all white eyes. I found the Sora in response holding out a hand fisted and thrust herself forwards towards me into a thrusting punching move. I came to from the memory feeling myself sore in my forehead like I was fisted in the area. I figured the fisting was related to Sora. I woke up and went to write down the memory into my journal where I am contained in this tomb. It’s merely a tomb holding a sarcophagus of a Human male figure wearing Pharaoh’s headdress and broken hands to indicate holding something in his hands broken off via thievery. I found myself unable to sleep in response instead went to the mediation room where the always dripping liquid water fell into the pool for a drink as when I’m thirsty. I sat down and eyed the liquid putting me in a trance. I focused onto the dream in my mind of the Human male as if drawn to find myself getting his memories. He called himself by the name of Coyote while living in an alien planet of many names that wasn’t in twin orbits of Mars or of Terra as the world is now called. I focused onto Coyote as if drawn to do it.  

This is what I wrote regarding what I saw involving Coyote himself: 
Coyote wakes up with a wolf curled on top of him puts a hand on the wolf only to get nearly bit and wolf gets off of him. He saw the wolf isn’t Brittany via him mouthing the name due to that the wolf is black colored feels confused on where he is looks around. Coyote saw the wolf change into a naked female that attacks him which he defends himself from her fists and feet kicking at him. He managed to grab her in a choke hold by hand on her neck. He glares at her as he feels an urge to mate hitting him forces her onto the floor and grabs her wrists with both hands and uses one hand to hold them together. He forces her legs apart and finds himself naked mates with her feeling she’s not Brittany and feels the mating urge becoming stronger. Mates with her thrusting till he spills inside her while feeling himself much better from it along with mating urges still within him. Coyote senses she has surrendered to him again mates with her then pull out to stare at the female who gives off a groaning noise and form becomes still. His eyes focus on her abdomen to realize that a baby is growing inside her faster than normal Human paced. He feels confused till he looks up to spot the ceiling is black and senses people watching him as a window opens and a gun comes in pointed at him. He flinches from a sting of pain of a dart hitting him putting him to sleep and hits the floor falling unconscious. 

Coyote wakes up discovering himself itching to use the bathroom which he finds himself in a different room gets up to spot doorway which he enters seeing it’s a bathroom and uses it along with the shower. Once done walks out to spot a male with pointed ears of a Highlander he figures is that is wearing a mask on the upper half of the face covering the eyes. 
He stares at the Highlander who spoke “You should put on the clothes shoes we have for you on the bed.” 
He spots on the bed is clothes boots and find that the Highlander isn’t kidding about that grabs them putting them on finding that their green in some army wear to him. 
Coyote doesn’t protests as the Highlander orders him “You’re to come along.” 
He follows out of the room through several hallways to a room with couches attached to the wall and a masked Highlander standing at a console.
Coyote assume the room is some elevator as the Highlander ordered to him “Put on the blindfold or you’ll get sick from the traveler traveling around here.” 
He obeys and sits to feel a roller coaster like ride twisting all over the place then an elevator like ride going up followed by it stopping and ordered out. He walks out to spot outside is a field with buildings with two Highlanders standing without masks wearing identical clothing as his but in the color blue that order him to come along. He follows and is given a tour of the field and buildings. He sees is some army combat compound along with various Highlanders there inside the buildings and around them doing things.
Coyote is told “You’ll be trained in fighting method called combative art by us as insisted by our leader group, the High Council. They observed you being easily knocked down by a group of Amula that used that training method on you and left you for dead in some forest for gonoids to target your body. Some flying gonoid dubbed Karen’s Hawk now picked you up and dumped you in a Highlander nest nearby. They figured out who you was from mind scanning you. They wound up putting you in the High Council’s home base to heal you up and then put you in some sleep status. It’s from figuring out that the Amula would be deadly to you next time you meets them. We were waiting to bring you out of the sleep status once the time is right and the time has arrived. It has been too many years since you were knocked out by the Amula.” 
He doesn’t comment feels confused as he feels a headache frowns from it and hears the Highlander add “The head pain is from having your mind scanned. Our species, dubbed Highlander is being mind walkers.”
Coyote finds the headache stop. He doesn’t comment as he’s led to a building and told that his bed is numbered at the number and given a schedule of the army’s runs and told to get some sleep for he needs it. Coyote goes inside the building noticing Highlanders looking at him with some range of emotions on their faces but ignores them to find his bed by the number on a lower bunk in the room and lays his form on it feeling himself needing to sleep. He shuts his eyes and sleeps dreaming pleasant memories of Brittany and feeling like he missed her till the horn sound wakes him up to discover that its part of the army’s wake up bugle sound ordering soldiers to get up and start their day. He obeys and learns the army’s routine including eating their food which he recognizes is plant like but doesn’t comment about it. He finds the combative training is identical to the Amula’s fighting moves they used on him to knock him down and is a willing student paying attention to everything they do in the training methods as he lives with them for an uncounted number of days. He gets the opportunity to fire guns one day brought to a target in the field and given a gun weapon and ordered to fire at the target. He obeys to see it hit the middle of the target and finds his aim is still good recalls his police training on guns sees he’s still good in doing it. Once done ordered to go back and continue his combative training which he does paying very close attention to it and finds himself able to defeat Highlanders in mock fights including keeping them from knocking him off his feet. He another day ordered to go to the field to see a familiar target is there and along with a Highlander having a cart holding knives on it ordered to toss the knives to the target. Coyote does finding his aim is terrible barely hitting the target and some knives hit it only to bounce off due to them pointed end not hitting it but the flat end is doing the hitting and feels annoyed with his throwing. 
He wound up told “You’ll be taught how to properly toss knives at the targets including at people to see them cause injury including how to block them from being thrown at you from people.” 
Coyote finds the Highlander isn’t kidding about that finds he after combative training practice ordered to the field where he’s taught how to toss knives at targets and the proper use of handling them. Coyote wound up taught including how to fight using them against people including defending himself from them and warned that knives come in various sizes and lengths which he keeps the warning to his heart. He learns how to toss various blade weapons including other weapons such as whips and ropes to hit people with along with catching people. He is roused from sleep one night by the horn sounding and frowns wondering what it is. 
Coyote told by a Highlander “Its part of the training of learning how to function at night without sunlight to guide us and using the moonlight to do the job.”
 Coyote pays attention to the training on how to use his senses he senses have some Amula in them but finds he’s still blind at night and has to use the moonlight for help from time to time. He learns how to fight at night including fighting combat fight in mock fights with Highlanders and how to use various weapons to take down his opponents at night including defending himself from them aimed at him at night. He finds the Amula senses are helping him with the night training due to that their heightening his other senses besides being blind in his eyes at nighttime. He learns from some Highlanders that their blind at night and needs to use the moonlight to see along with not having an ability to see in the dark and have to learn how to function blindly to fight off people attacking them under the cover of darkness.  
Coyote told one day by a Highlander voicing it “The General has some kind of test for army members to go through at night just to see how well they’ll be able to fight at night without the moonlight to help along with doing some things as well. The test involves wearing some device on the chest that’ll give off a loud buzzing sound once hit by either a fist or a foot by a Highlander ordered to do it while wearing Seeing Eye wears goggles. The person traveling at night has to avoid being hit in the chest to get some kind of console in the middle of a forest and press the button to win the battle and achieve the test results.” 
He doesn’t say anything is told “The General decides who does the test and doesn’t give advance warning on whose turn it is and when it happens.” 
He doesn’t comment continues eating his food then does his training then at sunset quits to go to the sleeping barracks to lie on his bed shutting his eyes.
Only to be waked up by a Highlander who says “The General wants you up.” 
He sees the Highlander leader at the doorway who says “It’s your turn to take the test.” 
Coyote is handed a chest pack which he puts on and told “The console is in the forest sunrise position from the camp. You should be warned that there are others prepared to prevent you from hitting the console.” 
Coyote doesn’t comment walks out of the barrack and finds the forest which he enters and senses himself followed. He’s attacked by someone finds the moonlight not available uses his senses to fight off the attacker and knocks the person out using combative art training and hears a buzzing sound loudly. He travels through the forest to hear a faint beeping noise which he figures is the console goes to it while being followed. Only to get attacked by two people he still can’t tell if their Highlanders or not knocks them out and again hears the buzzing noises sounding twice as loud. He continues towards the beeping noise to feel a headache and recalls himself attacked at nighttime by a group of five Amula that used combative art training methods on him and took advantage of his night blindness to defeat him. He continues to feel the headache as he suddenly attacked by more than two figures and defends himself. Coyote finds himself on his knees by a leg kicked behind his knees feels rage along with the headache gives off a roaring sound. His eyes sight changes from blindness to show Highlanders in red wearing Seeing Eye wear goggles and the plant life as purple. He defends himself from the attacks and knocks out the Highlanders to see them hit the ground unconscious and feels angry to see in a clearing is a device giving off a beeping noise. He turns around and spots the General nearby wearing Seeing Eye wear glasses escorted by two Highlanders and feels a buzzing feeling on his chest as the headache stops hitting his head. 
He hears the General speak loudly saying “Game over. Coyote has achieved his objective goal which is an Amula ability to see at night.” 
He stiffens hearing it to realize that the General is aware of things involving the Amula species and himself that he doesn’t know of. He stares at the General that walks forwards and tosses him some cloth which he catches seeing that their leather gloves from the looks and feel.
The General spoke “Put them on.” 
He does and then told “The Amula can detect the Hunter by you touching them bare handed whether their wearing clothes or not they can detect you anyway.” 
He keeps his mouth shut as the General added “The Amula and the Hunter were observed for awhile. We noticed that the Amula that knocks out the Hunter loses some ability that makes them their species which transfers to the Hunter.  The ability of changing in gonoids and back doesn’t transfer to the Hunter. The Hunter has something in his body system that prevents this from happening but he gains Amula abilities that the species have in their manoid forms.” 
He finds that the General isn’t kidding about that to recall being shot by an Amula and getting senses of detecting Amula nearby hiding from him along with detecting who’s holding the Amula’s Pack Leader position by senses alerting him of it. 
Coyote keeps his mouth shut as the General orders “Highlanders escorting me to escort the Hunter to the base’s elevator now!”
 Coyote doesn’t comment as he follows them to a giant boulder he figures isn’t a boulder and sees the familiar couch room.
Coyote told “You’re ordered inside to put on the blind fold. Someone will escort you to where you’re to go on the base.” 
He gets inside and puts on the blindfold then feels the familiar motions of an elevator along with roller coaster to him then stops and ordered to get out. He removes the blind fold and walks out to meet a Jackal head person having a Human like body that introduces himself as Anubis. Coyote sees that Anubis is escorted by two figures having bird heads but a Human like body and ordered to come along. He follows Anubis with the bird heads taking up the rear and follows them through maze of hallways and sees that the base is underwater through a cylinder tube hallway showing outside. He sees and continues to follow Anubis till they reach the familiar white hallway.
Coyote got ordered “You’re to go inside a doorway that is open. You’ll find clothes in there for you and that the double doors in a hallway wall lead to a place for you to get nourishment. You’ll be briefed on what to do once the time arrives.” 
He sees Anubis and bird heads fade from view which he enters doorway to see a familiar room and finds clothes on the bed which he spots a doorway enters it and sees it’s a bathroom. Coyote figures he’ll take the opportunity to shower and does that then stares at himself in the mirror finding his face is still the same along with still having long blonde hair that is longer than shoulder length. He enters the bedroom portion naked with gloves back on his hands to see the clothes and shoes on the bed look like street wear Human clothes to him. He puts them on seeing that they fit him and are briefs, blue jeans, and a long sleeve white shirt, a blue hooded zippered top along with wraparound sunglasses and high topped sneakers along with white socks that fit him fine. Coyote puts on and sees finds a hair band in the jeans pocket which he pulls his hair back in a tail and puts it in then goes out of the bedroom to the double doors. Going inside to spot a Shadonian drinking from a cup along with a pair of Highlanders male and female and sees a group of Annukai gathered around a bar. 
One being the bartender which he goes to sitting down on a stool and is handed a cup filled with pink liquid and told “Its not alcoholic drink, don’t gulp. It’s not polite to gulp around here.”
 Coyote sips slowly recognizing it as strawberry milkshake drinks it all up then hears whining squeal sounds looks to see Anubis and bird heads in the room spoke “The High Council wants to see the Hunter immediately.”
He gets up and follows Anubis to the familiar couch room and puts on the blind fold then sits feeling the roller coaster movements that stop and ordered out. He ditches the blindfold then follows Anubis to see a vast in height large hallway who leads him to a vast in height large room.
Coyote meets the High Council and their speakers which Shad spoke “The Amula have two leaders. One is called Pack Leader is actually the General who gives commands to the Amula from their main leader called Lord of the Underworld. Here’s a picture of the Lord of the Underworld.”
Coyote saw an overhead projection image of a Human man with brown about shoulder length hair and all black eyes appears in front of him wearing black clothing and told “This is the male is the one called Lord of the Underworld who goes among the Humanoid species by this name of Jinks Montreal. He has hybrid Amula dubbed Builders serving him including Humanoids that aren’t Amula that see him deity like. The Builders has manipulated people to make Montreal their ruler by title called Emperor.” 
He feels a strange feeling seeing the picture of Montreal and senses alarm bells going off within him hearing the High Council’s talk as Shad kept speaking “We have tried to remove Jinks Montreal from his position of power. He has anticipated our attempts including surviving our attempts to assassinate him.” 
Coyote again gets alarm bells sounding within him figures to himself thinking “The group is hiding something and not fully saying what their saying about Montreal. I figured its best to keep my mouth shut about that.” 
He listens with alarm bells sounding within him as the group continues to talk “We’re counting on you to remove Jinks Montreal from his position power and take him down. He has Highlander servants at his deposal to supply him with weapons to do the job.” 
Coyote again gets alarm bells sounding within him is shown a camera scene of Highlanders attacking Jinks Montreal. He sees that the Highlanders like Montreal are using combative art fight style and witnesses Montreal defeat the attacking Highlanders.
Coyote figures thinking to himself “There’s more to the story that the High Council is admitting to me regarding Jinks Montreal. My senses are blaring warning on that.”
He felt his head hurting in a headache when he thought his comments to figure “My mind is being scanned isn’t it?”
Coyote heard nothing in answer to his question as he it told by Shad “You’re to cover your head. The Meritanians will transport you to a location where you’ll view Jinks Montreal with your own eyes and see what we meant with our words.” 
He doesn’t comment obeys to cover his head with the hood and finds himself standing in an alleyway with a Highlander there that spoke “I’m ordering you to come along.” 
Coyote follows and the Highlander lead him to a group of people standing which his senses blare telling him of Amula in the vicinity. Spots people holding devices at one side of the semi circle facing a Human male wearing a suit that turns sideways. His eyes focus on a spot as if drawn and sees a figure appear in a flash of light and sees that its Jinks Montreal himself wearing all black outfit that looks like a Highlander army wear clothes that has all black eyes that shut them followed by blinking open his eyes showing them Human blue. 
Coyote figured to himself thinking despite mind scanned sensed of headache “From senses cued to the male that the High Council hid the whole truth about Jinks Montreal I senses isn’t Amula. My senses are not blaring it when my eyes are aimed at the male.” 
Coyote watches as Montreal goes to the Human male in front of the microphone and heard the question said “What does Jinks Montreal have to say about a recording showing him killing off a male identified as an Amula under Builder order?” 
Jinks Montreal spoke in response “What about the public knows that the recording happened over twenty years ago? I was put in some coma by shooting of someone else. I was tried in absentia in some court and found guilty. The judge gave me a twenty year sentence I completed in various prisons and finished and is a free person.” 
He hears gasps from the crowd as Montreal turns to the microphone and faces the news crew he figures who they are and spoke “I’m apologizing for the murder and that the Builder who ordered me is dead and won’t cause any more trouble I oaths it.” 
Then hears Montreal’s voice change as he senses is using the Lord of the Underworld persona ordering “Amula and Builders to back off fighting each other and wants both species to cease their war attitudes towards each other to end and will do what it takes to punish those influencing both races to fight each other.” 
He eyes Montreal who walks away seeing the man’s eyes are all black and watches him enter the building then focuses on the Human male he hears speaks to the microphone “You have the whole story about the Emperor. You can check records in the city halls. You’ll find what the Emperor is talking about. The murder was at the time my species the Builders were ousted to the public and that it’s been documented very crystal clearly about what caused the ouster. The Emperor killing off a person identified as an Amula under voice order. The Builder who did that stunt was later executed a harsh punishment according to newly made laws on their species. Any Builder voice orders someone to kill a person will find themselves marked for death once caught. The person they ordered will depending on the murder’s contents will serve in prison a sentence of anywhere from twenty years to life. Depends on how the person they were under voice order was killed off. “ 
He doesn’t comment sees the Human male figuring out that he’s a Builder from his talk looks at the audience flaring golden Human eyes and isn’t spared the glare sensing people’s nervousness from it all around him. 
As the Builder continued “I expect my kind and the Amula to cease their slanderous attacks on each other. I don’t find it amusing that others are encouraging their species to fight each other. I demand a cease fire now and insist on it period.” 
He continues to listen as the Builder points a finger in front of him and spoke “I’m not kidding about the cease fire demand. I insist on it. The Amula know how to contact the Emperor’s people for a talk with the Builders to discuss the cease fire. I insist that this conflict be solved with talking. No more questions.” and leaves entering the building. 
He senses the Highlander at his side tapping him on the shoulder and looks at the male who speaks whispered tone “What have you seen what you was told regarding Jinks Montreal?” in a questioning tone. 
He nods his head Human style yes figuring its best not to speak and then watches the crowd walk away leaving him with the Highlander added loudly “I’m insists on you to come along.” 
Coyote follows to a van and ordered inside which he gets in and sees it has a Highlander driver. He finds the Highlander has followed him inside and keeps his mouth shut as the van is starts up and drives down the street only to feel a thud vibration of a flat tire. 
Coyote heard “Drat!” from the Highlander next to him on the seat speaking “A gang of Humans dubbed Diamonds has been targeting vehicles such as vans with their gun weapons and shooting out tires along with shooting at the windows.” 
As he ducks down seeing the window next to him shatter which the Highlander adds yelling “I’m ordering you to get out!” 
Coyote hears gunfire sounds and hears them hitting the van off his left side and gets out followed by the two Highlanders. Only to see they knocked down by some kind of dart hitting them on the neck and sees masked males wearing some kind of military uniform come up to him pointing guns at him. 
One of them heard saying “I’m ordering you to come with us now!” 
He obeys and finds them leading him to the Emperor’s building and through the rope barricade and brought inside. In the lobby he’s ordered to an elevator and sees a Highlander inside that presses a button and sees the elevator doors shut followed by smoke filling in the elevator that brings sleepiness and passes out unconscious.

Coyote comes to finding himself seated in a chair with hands handcuffed behind him and sees that he’s sitting with a spotlight glaring at him in the face a distance away from him. Senses people staring at him along with sensing his hood off his head along with his sunglasses off his face. His senses blares warning telling him of Amula in the vicinity along with people eyeing him hidden in the darkness behind the spotlight glaring at him. 
Coyote hears a voice sounding male speaking in foreign language using some compelling voice tone finds himself spoke “I’m called Coyote Wilson the Hunter of Amula.”
Coyote continues to hear the voice speaking which he compel ordered speaks his time among the Highlanders trained by them and what the High Council said about someone called Jinks Montreal.
He added “I’m with honesty saying that the group hid the whole story about Jinks Montreal to me from sensing it when they told me about the male and transported to the city by Meritanians I don’t know who they are. I saw Jinks Montreal in person as one of the crowd members. I sensed that Jinks Montreal didn’t have any Amula traits in him from eyeing the male. I heard everything Montreal said to the crowd before going inside the building.” 
He continues to talk “Some Human male identified as a Builder spoke to the crowd and yelled for a cease fire between his species and the Amula then walked off. I saw the crowd take off and the Highlander asked me a question about Montreal. I didn’t verbalize my answer and then led to a van. Once inside it was targeted by some Human gang called Diamonds which I got out to see the Highlanders darted out and saw masked men arrive to the scene ordering me inside Montreal’s building into the elevator and knocked out.” 
Coyote cuts his talk as he spoke adding “How they knew of me? I got the impression that the High Council didn’t talk about me to anyone else besides their Highlander servants.” 
He frowns as he hears a familiar voice speaking sounding like a Builder from the tone “The High Council made a mistake involving Coyote Wilson was his height of standing towering over people that got their notice. Humanoids and Highlanders are similar heights with no one towering. The Amula has admitted of a Human male dubbed Hunter that can kill them off. They mentioned the only detail that they could say about the Hunter to describe him was his height said to be towering above them. The building cameras recorded a Highlander talking to him. They figured something was up involving the High Council used the Diamonds’ shooting the van he was in to capture him along with knocking out the Highlanders he was with who are being dealt with for being spies of the High Council. The Highlanders are actually a part of a group encouraging the Builders and Amula to fight each other.” 
He frowns as the Builder continues “The Amula has contacted the Builders recently. They admitted of having a deity dubbed Lord of the Underworld with some traits seen in Emperor Montreal who has proven to be that deity and that they are now serving him along with the Builders protecting him from the High Council’s targeting.” 
He frowns as the Builder continues “The High Council has targeted Emperor Montreal with assassination attempts along with trashing him to the public in attempt to bring him down on a permanent basis. The group has refused to quit that behavior despite being told off to stop doing it by various sources.” 
He frowns hearing that as he keeps his mouth shut and hears a male voice sounding in his mind along with the headache saying “The High Council wants the Hunter’s presence and insists on having him transported to them.” 
Coyote finds the handcuffs off of him along with compel ordered to stand and finds himself in the High Council’s throne room feeling the headache stopping. He eyes the group with disgust running through him figuring out that the group wasn’t fully honest with him on their talks with Montreal. 
He hears their Speaker via Onya spoke “What’s your impression of Jinks Montreal?” 
Coyote gets an image of male wearing shiny clothing and a crown on his head and Montreal’s face flashing in his mind and a male voice sounding cruel saying “You should just say that Montreal gave you the creeps. Just to put off from saying anything truthful to get the High Council suspicious about Montreal’s people aware of you.” 
He speaks “Montreal gave me the creeps from the looks of him and saw the male flash his Lord of the Underworld persona by eyes changing color.” 
He clamps his mouth shut and stares at the High Council which he feels a headache of his mind scanned and hears a male voice saying “You’re not scanning him period. Our work on him would be destroyed due to that their scanning would get his mind contents blank. You would have to start all over again in training him to fight along with getting him to be a soldier in your war. The soldiering would be for nothing due to him having Amula like senses that would override their programming and make him do something to knock himself out of content in this war. The High Council shouldn’t blow their opportunity of having the Hunter target Amula who don’t do High Council orders when their ordered to take down Horus and balk doing it.” 
He feels the headache stop gets a message from the crowned male “Horus is what the High Council dub Jinks Montreal. Jinks Montreal’s people have the High Council under surveillance through hacking through their computers and recorder devices on their home base. They already figured out who you are from viewing you through the recorders. They have been trying to find an opportunity to contact you about their point of view in the war with the High Council.” 
He doesn’t comment as he sees a light flash and sees the bird heads grab a male naked which he recognizes as Montreal and doesn’t look happy as the High Council via Shad spoke “We’re ordering them both to fight!”
 Coyote found he saying I’m not doing it to someone without clothes on!” and sees Montreal disappear in a flash of light after the bird heads free him. 
He sees the view come black feels a hand shaking his shoulder jerks open his eyes to see night vision in them and finds himself in some cabin and shifts to see the hand’s owner is a familiar female he recognizes as Brittany. 
He spoke “Brittany.” 
Coyote sees her put a finger to quiet on her lips followed by her speaking “The walls of the cabin are thin enough for Amula to overhear things said from outside.” 
He doesn’t comment as Brittany rubs his forehead and she doesn’t seem surprised that he’s staring at her with night vision in his eyes sight. He frowns as she straddles him seeing she’s naked and senses he’s naked licks his lips while staring at her. Another mating scene as put into my mind by Zerra heard snickering in my mind to my disgust. I was forced to watch as Coyote finds himself entering her which he brings hands to her hips and mates with her while feeling himself enjoying it. This including Brittany was feeling the same followed by spilling inside her and jerking from an intense charge of pleasure hitting him as he senses the same from her. He smiles at Brittany who leans forwards and kisses him on the lips. He kisses back and with such force rolls her onto her back breaking off the kiss and mates with her again. She not resisting to that only locking her legs around his middle and thrusting her head up which he nuzzles her neck as he thrusts inside her and once again spills inside her. He sighs from the mating to rub hands on her sides while feeling Brittany rubbing hands on his head through his hair yanking on the strands. He sighs from that pulls out and lies on his side feeling Brittany cuddling with him as he shuts his eyes and falls asleep. He comes to hearing pounding on the front door which he glares at with annoyance to see its daylight and sees Brittany come out of the bathroom dressed in clothes going to the front door to yank it open.
 She yelling “What do you want?!” an irritated tone. 
He hears a familiar male voice speaking his senses tell him its Pack Leader “If you’ve seen the Hunter around? Amula reported attacked him and knocked him unconscious and didn’t stick around to see him recover from that.” 
He eyes Brittany who thrust the door open wider and points a finger at him which he sees Pack Leader with recognition in his eyes seeing that it’s Longbow who doesn’t look happy to see him as he is feeling the same too. He glares at Longbow while sitting up sheet covering him from the waist down who walks into the cabin with Brittany slamming the door behind him. 
He hears her speaking “Tell the Amula to lay off attacking the Hunter or they’ll lose what makes them Amula in their body form as Human. He acquired some senses I detected in Amula in Human form detected in the Hunter. I’m fed up with the Amula not listening to me telling them off on attacking him. The price tag of attacking him is him acquiring their abilities.” 
He continues to glare at Longbow who folds his arms and glares at Brittany speaking “You better tell me what you’re talking about.” 
Coyote hears her speak “He can see in the dark from him staring at me in the eyes and appearing to see me. Along with him flaring Amula eyes which I saw as he glared at the door and figured it’s related to detecting Amula.” 
He continues to glare at Longbow who speaks “Interesting.” comment then leaves the cabin shutting the door.
Coyote jabs a finger at the door and spoke “Pack leader Hmph.” 
He sees Brittany looking shocked nods his head and then she walks up to him and speaks interesting as her response. 
Coyote added “I demands for my clothes. I want to get out of here before the Amula do anything funny to me from me surviving them attacking me.” 
He gets thrusts his clothes but not his handgun which she spoke “I didn’t find the handgun.” at his question asked. 
Coyote gets up and puts on his clothes finding them still fine to his standards and recalls the combative art moves clearly in his mind as dreamed of them figures he’ll attempt them when confronted with Amula. He and Brittany leave the cabin going to the forest walking sensing Amula in the vicinity following them but are hidden and out of sight till he hears a gunshot sound crumbles to the ground groaning from pain in his back. 
Coyote hears Brittany yell “Shooting isn’t the answer but words and fists instead! Amula should back off doing the shooting!” 
He hears a groan sound from Brittany followed by feeling fur on his hand shuts his eyes only to open them feeling a foot kicking him in the face along with his hands cuffed behind him. 
Coyote hears a growling noise opens his eyes and heard “Whoa! He’s one of them judging by the eyes! There’s a million dollar reward for Amula is worth finding these two in the forest!” 
He sees that their State Troopers who force him up and noticed that they have Brittany in a wolf form in some stick with rope wrapped around her neck and she’s struggling in their grips as they haul her away. He gets hauled through the forest while sensing Amula in the vicinity abruptly but keeps his mouth shut about it. The Amula presence goes away and then hauled to a truck and forced into a seat behind the passenger and driver’s seats. He peers behind through the window to spot Brittany put into a cage who continues to put up a fight. He glares at the State Troopers who get into the truck and drive it to the police station which he’s hauled inside into a cell and freed from the handcuffs and sees that the State Troopers have managed to get Brittany and cage into his cell as well. He examines the cage after their gone to hear growling noises from Brittany.
Coyote suddenly understands her saying in wolf language “I have to remain in wolf form. I’ll change into Human form and it’ll result into I mating with a male. I figured out that the Hunter after being knocked out by Amula mates with the nearest female like what happened to Amula being knocked out. They’ll do the same thing along with new Amula changing into wolves for the first time after reaching the proper age to do it.” 
He doesn’t comment in response goes to sit on the cot and glares at the gate bars seemingly lengthy. Coyote feels bored with doing it as Brittany he notices is pacing a bit in her cage while. He figures she wants to change into Human form to mate with him but can’t. He hears a door opening sound eyes as State Troopers enter the area with a female that makes him feel disgust along with two males that makes him feel annoyed recognizing the three from the asylum he was in and tortured for being the Hunter. 
He glares at the three as the female speaks in a bored tone “The Amula you have, have already been tested and released back into the wild by the Zesky Asylum and that their useless.” 
He gets from the State Troopers pulling out guns and saying “We want payment period!”
The female he eyes pulls out a large piece of rolled paper from her sleeve and unrolls it holding up a picture of a male’s face he sees is Longbow. 
She spoke “Triple the reward price for the capture of this Amula identified as their leader. We wants him alive period along with doing what it takes to capture him.” 
The State Troopers are handed the paper and put away their guns as the female orders “Your to free the two Amula for their not the ones we want period.” 
He doesn’t comment as the female’s order is obeyed followed by forced into a police truck with Brittany and it drives them seemingly lengthy followed by ordered out. He walks out and sees Brittany freed that runs away into the forest and sees State Troopers looking at him. Coyote waves a fist aimed in their direction and walks off into the forest using his Amula senses to walk out of sight and away from them sensing that their not following or anything. Coyote continues walking only to get slammed into the ground by a female body. He doesn’t resists kisses the female he senses is Brittany and with clothes adjusting gets himself freed to mate with her not resisting to it and feels charges of pleasure from the thrusting and mates with her twice while spilling himself inside her. Once done he pulls out and adjusts his clothes to sense Amula in the vicinity gets up quickly as Amula come out of the bushes growling loudly. 
Coyote hears sounding “Brittany is a traitor for mating with the Hunter for she should have picked one of them instead for the mating and chose him instead.”   
Coyote gives off a howl sound of nonsense sound halting their noises and spoke in firm tone “Brittany is mine period. I have claimed her and won’t tolerate other males except family touching her.” 
He gets no comment from Brittany as he notices changes into a wolf and darts away with the other wolves as he hears “Sorry Coyote.” from one of the wolves. 
He feels disgust hitting him walks further into the forest till a bear blocks his way. Coyote glares at that make a motion with clawed hand on gonoid’s neck while gesturing the hand towards him. He frowns but obeys to put his hand on his neck at the back end part to find an object sticking out of his skin. He yanks out with help from the bear’s claw and finds its some kind of beeping device and doesn’t recall how it got there but tosses it aside then finds the bear making gestures to own neck. Coyote cautiously finds a necklace like machinery around its neck which he snaps off and watches as the bear takes off. He walks further into the forest till he finds scenery are looking familiar leading to Brittany’s cabin. Coyote figured he’ll go to George Patricoly’s house instead finds himself going to the cabin as if compelled and finds it annoying. He arrives there to notice wolves not surprised to see him that growl at him while surrounding him in a circle as Longbow and Brittany stand nearby in human forms. He hears a gun cocking sound to see Sam nearby holding a handgun looking like his handgun and pointing it at Longbow.
Sam heard speaking “I’m demanding Longbow to back off on targeting my father I refers to Coyote himself.” 
Coyote finds to his annoyance Longbow does a coward move as in grabbing Brittany and thrusting her in front of him blocking Sam’s shooting aim and speaking “Shoot me Sam!”
Coyote sees Longbow get knocked aside by a male Native American wearing jeans and a plaid top with long hair braided back and punched repeatedly. He wound while seeing Brittany grimace of pain and notices Sam doing it along with hearing faint groaning noises from the wolves. He eyes the Native American punching Longbow unstopped.
Coyote hears the male sounding angry “Longbow is a fool and shouldn’t hurt my sister. I’m not amused with that at all.” 
He finds to his shock that the male is Luke Morgan himself brother to Brittany who gets up after giving Longbow another punch in the face and snarls loudly “No one threatens my sister Brittany and gets away with it without my say so.” 
He finds his senses blaring telling him that Luke Morgan has taken the Pack Leadership due to punching Longbow who gets up groaning of pain and looks nervous. Luke, he notices gives Longbow an angry glare as I got nothing else furthering in mind involving Coyote. I wound up focusing onto the Sora floating next to a battery as if drawn to find her again punching me from viewing. I found my forehead indicated of pain as if punched to my disgust. I heard Zerra’s snickering like laughter within my mind to my disgust. I tried to focus onto Tom but Zerra was mind scanning me and blocking my efforts. Instead I was forced by her and her laughter to focus further onto Coyote as if drawn. I wound up focusing onto Coyote in some room that appeared to have a female appearing to be a Human with old age in her on a bed. Coyote I spotted didn’t appeared to have old age instead appeared to be the same as every with youngness hitting him. I felt confusion hitting me to recall that the Mesan’s Curse’s species was granted the youngness status and living forever. I wasn’t sure what happened to Mesan’s Curse despite not seeing much sightings of them around Mars. I seemed to focus onto Coyote as if drawn by Zerra and her snickering laughter in my mind to my disgust. Coyote, I saw, appeared to finds himself not aging like he’s expected and finds himself still young as ever. The female, Brittany is not spared the ages method, instead she ages and visits her in the hospital on her deathbed with Sam appearing to look twin to Coyote while there. He doesn’t say much to Brittany only holds her hand as Sam has head buried on the bed she’s on and appears to have fallen asleep while his mother is nearing the end of her life.
He eyes Brittany who grips his hand and spoke “You’re free to move on and find someone you can love as your mate.” 
I heard an edge in her voice tone that suggests she’s hinting to something else and isn’t going to say it to Coyote. He frowns as she dies and he leaves the hospital and mourns her death seeing her body is being burned during a ceremony and her ashes scattered as well. I watched as Coyote leaves an area via sign called Connecticut and drives on via a vehicle to an area called New Hampshire while carrying a big duffle bag with him. He, appeared to get off the vehicle and goes to live in a city town living as a fisherman on a boat while living in a small cottage. I recalled as if compelled the cabin involved his Father raiser that owned and kept in the family after passing away passing down the ownership to him as his son. Coyote seemed from what I saw of his interaction in town keeps to himself not doing much outlandish to people due to not feeling like doing much.
Coyote one night thinks to himself I hearing “I think I’ll go cut my hair short.” 
I watched as he finds himself can’t do the hair cutting even with knife or scissors due to some feeling holding him back as thought loudly. I figured at the time involved the Meritanians scanning him and manipulating him to not to cut his hair. He figures he’ll keep it pulled back into a braided tail whenever he’s around town. Coyote changes his name to August which was his original birth name when referring to himself to people asking for his name. He doesn’t give out a last name and isn’t talkative to people when they strike up a conversation with him while in town. He finds himself drawn I knew then was by Meritanian’s manipulation, to a female Highlander with black hair, I saw was the Sora that punched me. 
Coyote after meeting her in an eating place she asking him “Can I sit at the table your at?”
I found the Sora as learns spoke “My name is Liema.”
Coyote appeared to finds himself very interested in having a relationship with her as if compelled to do it via Meritanian’s manipulation, which his interests is accepted by her. He finds himself mating with Liema one night due to needing to do the mating in his cabin with her going along with it again via Meritanian manipulation. She not resisting to his movements of him doing the mating and she restrained by his hand on her wrists and she not giving a comment. He mates with her four times back to back due to feeling the mating urge not going away as I describe the scene. I refused to put down what the scene involved other than Liema appearing to be mind scanning him via hands onto his cheeks while he’s thrusting in and out of her spilling multiple times. I found the mating of Coyote and Liema goes away after the fourth mated time once its morning.
I felt disgusted as Liema spoke once the sun rose via horizon seen “Coyote, I’m requesting you to take me to the hospital for a check up on possible offspring I might be carrying. It’s from sensing something odd within myself indicating the offspring is sucking my essence like a blood drinker.”
Coyote doesn’t comment gets her to the hospital I saw was appearing to be run by Highlanders. 
I heard Coyote get told “She’s expecting offsprings.” to his shock by his face forming it indicating it. 
Coyote told by a Highlander doctor “There’s a new procedure that’ll make her expectant status last twenty four hours but warned that it’ll be fatal to her.” 
Liema appearing to be hearing the words of the doctor spoke “I’m insisting on having the procedure done. I’m pretty sure that there’s something important about the offspring.”
 Coyote appeared to doesn’t get it what she’s trying to tell him involving his offsprings being blood drinkers, as the procedure is done. She sleeps through the babies growing inside her and gives birth to four babies and wakes up to see them in cribs. He eyes his triplet daughters all with blonde hair and Highlander facial appearance and his son with black hair with similar facial appearance as his sisters. 
Coyote after babies are born and he’s alone with Liema gets told by her privately her mentally telling him through mind shocking him “I came from Edenia a moon world that is said to have created all manoid life forms except the Human species and some species as well. Edenia insisted on me pairing myself to you, Coyote, I names. It’s due to Edenia hinting that your important to the planet you’re on. You needed offspring for the importance to hit. Edenia did warn me that my body will die and change into another form after having the offspring. Only you will be able to see me in that form.” 
He continues to listen as Liema continues “Coyote, you have the ability to detect your mind scanned. Along with receiving Highlander talk mentally. It’s from me manipulating you to get it happen. You’ll have to give up three of the offspring to be raised elsewhere. You’ll raise one selected for you by the baby not crying when you touched them with a palm hand on their chest.” 
I frowned to that talk as Liema dies and sees what she meant by form changed. I wound up to see her form change into a Sora, an angelic being with wings that have her hair, face and pointed ears while wearing a robe covering her feet. Only Coyote appears to see her and others I finds that the Humans hanging around aren’t seeing her. 
Coyote tells the doctor a Highlander servant of the High Council via masked wear clothes in his presence “I plan to put three of the babies up for adoption while I’ll raise one. I can’t raise them all.”
I found the High Council servant appearing to be a doctor not protesting to that who spoke “Sign here the forms for the adoption to happen, Sir.”
Coyote obeys to my disgust then goes to the babies and finds to my shock that one of the girls doesn’t cry when he places a hand on her chest another manipulation by the Meritanians I noticed. I noticed the other babies were appearing to indicate something irritating them by their red faces. One of the girls wasn’t crying and appeared to be knocked out asleep. 
He picks up the sleeping girl baby and tells doctor “I’m taking this one.” and watches as the others are taken out and away from him. 
I wound up watching as if drawn by Zerra and her snickering in my mind that Coyote raises the girl he dubs Kimarina. Kimarina I heard is named after another name for marina aka the fisherman’s wharf. Coyote adds the word Kim due to angelic Liema telling him to add that name while living as a fisherman in New Hampshire with input from Liema in her angelic being form. I noticed this input along with Coyote mysteriously getting letters in the mail that talk about the other three kids of his and how their doing. He finds the other two girls are raised separately but one is named Brittney due to that one knew of his connection to Brittany Morgan and the other is named Mora with the exact same reason. He also finds that his son is named Augan and finds no explanation given for the name. Coyote doesn’t hide at Liema’s mental talk voice sounding in his mind, from Kimarina that she has sisters and a brother due to letters from the families saying that their not doing it to his offspring. He finds himself saddled with Brittney and Mora when Kimarina is a full grown female adult appearing to look both Human and a Highlander look with her eyes.  He learns that his son Augan aged like their ages unlike his sisters has chosen to live in New York City while attending the local college there and seemed more interested in his studies than meeting his father. Coyote figures that his son found education important to him which he also figures that its important for his offspring to get. He pushes his three daughters to go to college but their not interested despite his pushing and are more interested in hanging around him instead. Liema is overheard speaking to him “Just quit doing that pushing involving education to our daughters. It’s from our daughters are grown enough to decide on what to do for their lives.” 
He appears to be listening to Liema communicating with him. I find that Coyote is raising the daughters as full grown adults with Liema commenting to him from time to time. He appeared to only hear her talk. Coyote doesn’t protest finds his daughters are helping him with his life as a fisherman which lasts for a lengthy time period. Then while at sea gets blown off course by a violent storm and finds his boat hitting something that resembles a large plant island. I recognized the large plant as one of the Meritanians, Tank and Merra, who have managed to get the boat stuck there. Coyote during storm feels compelled to dive into the water obeys via manipulation of the Meritanians. He finds himself trapped into some bubble coming from a floating plant and watches through it eyes on the surfaces as another boat arrives and takes his daughters away and sails off.  He feels frustrated with that happening till balloon plant turns upside down with him tumbling around. Till he feels himself compelled to go through some hole in the bubble and finds himself obeying to discover he’s in some sac that feels sticky all over and air blowing at him that makes him fall asleep which he passes out unconscious. Coyote comes to finding himself lying in a bed wearing some dress his senses tells him it’s a hospital gown. He discovers he’s in a hospital from the looks of it and feels confused.
Coyote sees Liema who mentally spoke “Just sleep!” 
She keeps insisting to him to do it which he obeys sleeping for unknowing certain period of time. Till he gets a dream of his daughters one at a time showing one running in the forest he recognizes her as Mora and its night time and she’s looking panicky to him. He continues to dream of Mora banging into a tree that turns into a male with short blond hair golden Human eyes with face familiar to him and with a hand grabs his daughter and holds her in a choke hold who struggles in his grip. He watched as the male he saw was wearing some black clothing with a white collar and a cane in his hand spoke in a compelling voice tone ordering Mora to go to sleep. Coyote saw the male’s order obeyed by his daughter going limp in the male’s hand grip. 
Followed by the male speaking “Ramses, I’m ordering you to transport the both of us now.” 
They both disappear in a flash of light. Coyote continued to dream seeing another scene of another daughter seated on a plane from the looks of it and she’s looking panicky while looking out the window. He recognized her as Brittney who kept the panicky look followed by getting up to stand. Only to see a light show flash in front of her showing the familiar golden eyed male who grabbed her by the neck and using the same tone and words orders her to sleep. He continued to watch as both disappear in flashes of light. Coyote again dreams of his third daughter he recognizes as Kimarina getting into a motorboat and driving it off in the water while glancing behind her and looking panicky. The boat driving stops as she turns around and is gagged by the familiar male who again uses his voice to put her to sleep and both disappear in flashes of light at the male’s order to Ramses like before. 
Coyote, I saw came to with a loud gasp sound sat up and got up from the bed feeling some weird sense hitting him who he heard from Liema abruptly “That man who captured our daughters is standing in the doorway and has ordered someone to shut the door behind him using some voice tone.” 
He got up from the bed to see Liema’s words were true showing that familiar male standing there which he felt annoyance take hold as the male spoke using a compelling voice tone “Jinks, you will, will the Master and Darkness through and get this man to kneel then put him to sleep now.” 
He glimpsed a male looking familiar dart from behind Barry that disappeared and felt a leg connect with the back of his knees. Coyote found himself kneeling along with a hand slammed on his forehead palm felt. Sleepiness hitting him which he shut his eyes and felt himself sliding to the floor from the feel of it going unconscious. Coyote, I saw via mind of him, dreamed of a male with Highlander looks but Human ears standing in a large vast room facing in a direction. He looked to see ten steps going up and there was a masked male standing at the top wearing shiny clothing with head up and behind him too many steps away was a group of nine people covered up in white robes his memory telling him that they were the High Council. 
He felt disgust take hold as the masked male with pointed ears he figured was a Highlander spoke “Says you will obey us as our servant period or else.” 
He eyed the male hybrid he assumed who didn’t talk instead kept his mouth shut as the masked Highlander continued talking “Says don’t think of doing anything against our wishes for we’ll find out about it and believe me you’ll be punished harshly for the disobeyment period so talk now.” 
He heard from the hybrid sounding familiar that reminded him of his three daughters’ voice tones “You have my loyalty High Council.”
Coyote heard from the Highlander a speaker for the High Council “Says Ramses transport Augan to his home location at a discreet way now.” 
He shifted to look at the male Augan who disappeared in a flash of light. This was followed by the scene changing to show a dark bricked roadway between buildings which he was walking on it while wearing some clothing on his form that felt like a dress and robes. He eyed himself to see that they were in the color purple along with holding a silver staff with the letter Human’s language of Z at the end. I recognized the letter as one of the Mesan’s Curse’s symbols for Pharaoh titled leadership.  He continued walking till he reached a large alleyway between buildings. 
Coyote walked through to see at the end was a building having some sign on it in yellow golden colors that said “Fires of Hell restaurant.”
Coyote, I saw, walked inside the restaurant to see it was a large cafeteria with an open kitchen. I saw his daughters wearing uniforms of black and white colored with tops of long sleeve white colored and black skirts tight on their forms. They were accompanied with a familiar male with Highlander looks on his face but Human ears I figured was Augan himself. I saw them three gathered in front of a kitchen part of the eating room in a semi circle. I eyed them to see that they didn’t look happy and were silently staring at the entrance to the restaurant. I frowned eyeing them in the eyes seeing that they didn’t seem to see Coyote who entered the eating room. I looked around and spotted a male appearing to be a young Human that needs a growth spurt to be fully full grown with glasses and freckles on his face wearing a baseball cap on backwards and sweatshirt with jeans on. The young male was seated at a table appearing to be reading a book that looked like a large thick graphic book to me involving pictorial designs. I eyed the male and sensed Coyote was drawn to him and saw the male went to the young Human. I watched as Coyote found himself slipping inside the young male’s body as if taking control of the human’s body. I eyed Coyote’s triplet daughters and Augan to see a crowd of people enter the restaurant as it’s named and not an eating room.  The four were seen taking off necklaces around their necks with the Mesan’s Curse Z symbol as pendants, and threw it down onto the floor, in a pile and saw the necklaces burst into flame. I felt confused to why the necklaces burst into an eater fire despite not getting it till later that it involved something else related to Mesan’s Curse’s religious views. I figured the eater flame of the necklaces in Mesan’s Curse’s views involved believing in some worshipping religious view in it. I eyed the people gathered in the restaurant going to seats to sit and at the bar in front of the machines for kitchen. I wound up to find that they didn’t seem to be Human to me but appeared to be Highlander hybrids from the looks of them. I watched as Coyote’s children served the hybrids menus and food along with the Augan doing the bartending job at the bar handing out drinks. Coyote, was sensed, frowned watching the scene lengthy to notice that his daughters ignored him seated at the table with the thick book still in his hand despite him looking at them. I kept on watching the scene as if compelled by Zerra’s snickering like laughter in my mind till I felt a fist connect with my forehead. I found myself shaking my head of the images seen in my mind while seated in my mediation room. I heard Zerra’s snickering like laughter in my mind indicating she wanted me to see something I had not control of. I felt a compulsion to get up and leave the room after taking a sip of the water via hand, appearing to be clawed from the pool and bringing it to my lips. I drank as much water as my nourishment a day via hand into the pool and drinking it. I sometimes think of a belief of taking one sip from the pool as in giving thanks for allowing me into the mediation room. Zerra quit scanning me and I walked out of the mediation room to the books’ room where there was a pile of books appearing to be journals written by alien hands left scattered there. I noticed one book lying onto of the bed a cot of cloth and metal that wasn’t there before. 
I figured to myself long ago when I took residence in the tomb “Zerra has someone writing journals while living in Mars drop them off into this room just prior to death taking them for preserving the record.”
I didn’t protest to Zerra’s manipulation instead went to the journal and picked it up intending to read it. 
I read an entry in it: “Somewhere among the stars in an abandoned planet, darkness was slowly gathering its forces secretly hoping to go unnoticed. But it was noticed by an Army of Light that was slowly gathering its forces waiting for the day when the time of hiding will be no more a day that will come when the Army of Light makes it move against the Army of Darkness. The planet once full of life was silent. The compounds and towers by day were empty. But at night figures moved, like shadows dancing voices speaking alien. Crops were abandoned. The ground became bare, air was soon gone. The ground of the planet became dark rocky dirt and harsh with mountains. The natives gave it a new name and a new song sang in the colony. Life underground was different with the life on the surface.” 
I found multiple books in the sleeping room where I was sleeping lying piled on the floor were all appearing to be journals left by people transported to drop them off by Zerra. The books were in various languages I recognized involving Mars’ history, all appearing to be written by Humans, via the handwritings in them the same. That despite no knowledge of whoever was writing into those journals I saw what they were. 
I wound up finding a journal entry in one of the books I was able to translate: “I am called Brainwave. I know that the natives referred me as Eric via Terrania where I used to live. I wound up recalling my planetary world I lived in. I wound up trying to get back to it while dying. Finds wish granted by Meritanians, Merra and Tank transporting me to a travel gate and off the planet. I find the planetary world where I left it but running low on power and juice via machines. It was indicating including needing batteries life forms to be hooked up as a power source. I find the battery to the power source is in the lake looking muddy red to me and figures away of swimming to the battery an underwater lighthouse. I aim to dive to and reached it to get myself hooked up.” 
This was followed by another entry “Brainwave find the underwater lighthouse's machine grabs him when he’s near it and hooks him up to the machine. His body dies from water poisoning and his mind organ the brain remains hooked into the machine. He drops name of Eric and calls himself Brainwave. He use travel gates found on the planet to lure people to come to the planetary world and manipulate machines to get the people hooked up despite some resistance done.” 
I found a third entry in the journal “From the journal of Brainwave himself before he was hooked up into a machine as found in this cave where I am dying of poisoned status. I must add more on Brainwave’s life into here for record’s sakes. Brainwave as he’s called wound up finding a pair of female twins entering his world via travel gate and tries to hook them up into a machine for medical checking. Twins give resistance to that hook up by balking and pleading to get them out of that hook up by taking care of the machines instead. Other minds in machines hooked up convince Brainwave to agree with the twins' reason the machines are beginning to fail from not much maintenance and that a Human is needed to do that work. Brainwave agrees with that and allows twins to maintain the machines. Brainwave keeps on trapping other Humans to arrive to the planet and get them to take care of machines. Mesan’s Curse’s species appear and take control of planetary world including maintaining the machines. Brainwave finds the Rakcar arrive via travel gates and resist being kicked out. Instead finds Rakcar causes a plague to the machine's caretakers and kills most of the people including nearly stabbing their leader Sun Lord to death. Mesan’s Curse wound up detected to travel deep underground in the planet to the familiar meeting room in Rakcar underground despite known as Humania. Humanian Jon arrives from Edenia which Rakcar figure out machines and Humans used to take care of them take control of planetary world. Rakcar find Brainwave mind in the lighthouse machine takes him out despite resistance done and kills him. Rakcar realizes that they need a mind to take control of the planet's systems via that mind. Captures Jon and hooks him up into that machine. Zerra according to Jon on admittance questioning communicates to Jon via images due to Rakcar can hear her chatter every where planet bound and threatened her with death if she talks. Zerra communicates to Jon via images of how to control lighthouse technology as Rakcar drain the large lake where it's at and build more machines with further hooking up people onto it. Jon becomes trapped forever and learns from Zerra's mental communication on how to control systems via that trapped status in his mind. Rakcar get obsessed with technology and then get obsessed with the Mesan’s Curse species moving fast and hidden statuses enough to get technology invented for themselves to do themselves. They forget to live for themselves as in eating sleeping and procreate offsprings. Mesan’s Curse wound up trying to have Rakcar removed from Rakcara and having planet underneath the Drainers. Mesan’s Curse was overheard figured that the Drainers are better leaders for controlling the planet themselves.  Mesan’s Curse’s thinking proves wrong by the Drainers endless hunger for bloody essence wound up feeding onto survivors of the war between Mesan’s Curse and Rakcar. This includes feeding onto each other to death till there are hardly any Drainers left.  Remaining Humans and surviving Rakcar, Norok leave Rakcar via warship after escaping the Drainers. Both haven’t been seen or heard again. Planet seemed abandoned despite signs of life detected hiding somewhere among the machines.”
I found in another journal an entry written by the previous Brandis the Record Keeper as indicated that Mars is having multiple Humans into that position to record its history.  That’s when I figured out that Brandis the Record Keeper was a part of Mars’ planetary systems to record its people’s life and what the planet does to its people living on it. 
“I’m too old to survive by myself trying to hide from the remaining Drainers and Mesan’s Curse causing trouble. I’m just writing this down for my records in this cave tomb where I will remain dying to death via the poison of the Lun Ra biting me. I heard the Lun Ra’s death rattle before it bit me via foot. I feel the poisoned status is soon beginning to take control of my body. I don’t have long to write except hope that the natives of Mars as this planet should be called stop their fighting. Same for the batteries to stop their fighting even among the others surviving that war keeping upkeep of the machines. Nothing I can do except just die.” 
Found writing in a journal in Human’s language of Summeran one of the survivors of the war hitting the planet Mars lying in the tomb’s bed, with bones of a Human indicated a poisoned death by drink. Saw a cup lying on the floor near the hand to indicate that poisoned status. This change of me becoming Brandis the Record Keeper happened just prior to Merra, as the Meritanian is called, transporting me, Kurpanov, a Surrai as the species is called, from Terrania, to Mars. Zerra managed to detect me in Mars, unsure how she found me, and transported me into the tomb for me to remain in my trapped status, acting as Brandis the Record Keeper, a living witness of the Mars’ planet’s history.  I figured out that I am gifted with a mental ability to see anything within my mind in Mars, seeing what I wish to see including manipulated by Zerra doing it to me. I also figured out that my seeing via my mind is via astral projection for others in Mars to see me spying onto them. Hence Tom complaining of my staring and I feeling like I was punched in the forehead by Liema or that Highlander Sora’s punching me. Nothing I can do about my situation except just live contained having a purpose to live while contained in my prison acting as Brandis the Record Keeper. I didn’t have a purpose to live when I was living in Terrania. I was living day to day outliving various offsprings of mine in Terrania. It saddened me too much to live too long that I was sad a lot. I found that Merra took pity onto me and got me transported off Terrania into Mars where Zerra found me. Speaking of Zerra, I hear Zerra’s snickering like laughter again sounding in my mind including mind scanned which I’m compelled to go to the mediation room as I write this down. I might as well see what she wants this time, she appearing to be playing a joke this time by her snickering heard. Ugh. Not amused…..

The End?
