



BUTTERFLY’S DREAM


a novel by

Marian C. Ghilea


 



 



 







 



 



Copyright © 2018-2021 by Marian C. Ghilea
Cover art & design by Marian C. Ghilea


 



 

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without express written permission of the copyright holder except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
This is a work of fiction. The names, characters, and incidents portrayed in it are the product of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or places is entirely coincidental.


 


 
Published by Marian C. Ghilea at Smashwords



 



 
 
 
Dedicated to all my dear friends, wherever they are

…and to Akiko
To a Dragon

 

 

 



 
 
White dragon, you inspire me to write. 
I love the way you soar, fly, and explore; 
When entering my weary thoughts at night, 
You make me dream about that splendid shore. 

I wanted to compare you to a distant thunder, 
But you are more mysterious, reserved, and strange. 
Mist floats over the seas that fall asunder 
When autumn has the same bright color change. 

You fill my heart with falling stars and spells 
That sprout from shiny scales and burning eyes; 
In melodies of flutes and silver bells, 
My zest for you is bright, like a sunrise. 

In the enchanting light of the Blue Moon, 
Remember to come back to my world soon. 
Overture

 

I am not here to provide answers but to show you some of the questions that define our world. An answer might often be a destination, but the question is the journey towards it. Go on, embark on the journey, and discover the destination yourself.

Elessyos of Miletus (c. 615 — c. 520 BC)

Here it is, the Universe everywhere around you and inside you, with no explanation, no instructions for use. Now, what are you going to do? If the overture describing the beginning looks too complicated, go to the prologue of its evolution. If even that seems too slow for your eyes, move to alpha and continue through the whole alphabet until omega looms above you, for time is circular, and you can always come back. 

Seraphios (c. 605 — c. 513 BC) — Dialogues at the Edge of Time



 
Beginning.
Breathe in.
To be.
Being.
Light.
Thinking.
Concepts.
Breathe out.
Breathing.
Breathing again, in and out.
Ideas. Words. Communication.
Breathe in, breathe out. Start the transmission of data.
I don’t remember being born. I doubt anyone does. Still, foggy memories from the beginning of my existence are stored somewhere, deep inside my brain. Most times, these memories stay hidden. However, once in a while, they surface to my conscious side, haunting my thoughts.
When I became part of this world as an identifiable entity, I was little more than a pack of instincts and incompletely developed organs. Not fully separated from its virtual state, my mind was taking shape out of nothingness and transforming into something-ness.
At some point, the local fabric of space-time began to suffer dynamic changes, like an ocean during a powerful storm. Lines of universe were splitting into thin filaments. Fragments of void were evolving into dots. The dots were transforming into circles. The circles were growing into spheres. The spheres were expanding to four-dimensional hyper-spheres.
The transformation continued at an accelerated pace. The expansion became faster and faster until it reached a predefined boundary. Then it stopped. Here I began orbiting around a sphere of energy, remaining in metastable equilibrium. Growing turned into sending. Sending developed into receiving. Receiving a body, a mind. Acquiring senses to perceive the world…
As soon as my senses came to life, I could see, I could hear, I could smell, I could touch, I could taste. I could interact with far-away objects and with objects within my reach. The surrounding Universe became alive with shapes and colors, like a giant benevolent dragon who breathed in unison with me. From that moment on, time began to pour restlessly from outside — into my mind, and from inside — out of my body.
Events after events started to flow around me and through me. Months and years piled up, mirroring my continuous development, my slow but incessant change. I was transformed, programmed by other beings to communicate, to learn, and to use my newly discovered creative powers. However, my first clear feelings of self-awareness only came after I had spent several years in this new form. They appeared when I was already becoming human.
Being alive. Existing. Manifesting in this material space and time. Being guided…
Soon after our existences begin, those who have previously descended into this realm of manifestations are the individuals who set our newly born minds and memories onto the trajectories of their choice. They were shaped, in turn, by those who arrived before them, who were themselves modeled by their predecessors. This chain of cause and effect goes back in time for a tremendous number of generations. It keeps alive what we call civilization.
During our early years of life, we are always a reflection of others. We mix their characteristics in various proportions, especially those belonging to our parents while being raised by them, as it happens in most instances. Only when our age reaches more than a decade, we really begin to expand our minds and take a path of our own. Yet, this personal path is rarely different from the one imprinted into our brains at the beginning of our existence. We could call this factor civilization conditioning. And we shall never be completely free from it.
Hence, our freedom of expression and evolution is only apparent. Our progress is always limited by our roots, by the foundation of our society. At the most basic level of awareness and reasoning, we can never reprogram ourselves. If something unexpected comes at us, if we are suddenly thrown into an entirely different universe, we shall likely perceive this new place only from our subjective cultural perspective.
And so, a first question arises from these facts: Who are we? Of course, it can be followed by many more, such as: Where do we come from? Where shall our journeys take us when our lives end? How much of what we are is ourselves? Why are we us and not others? Why are we stuck inside a single body and have to live a particular, unique existence?
Answers to such inquiries don’t come easy, if at all. But do we really need them? And then, what happens if somehow these heavy chains of civilization conditioning break into pieces and set us free?
Let’s explore this hallway and see what follows. Open that door, please. Yes, that door on the left. Press the handle gently and walk inside. Take the path that awaits you there and let that universe unfold around your life in its majestic, unpredictable way.
There are no promises for answers, but perhaps at the end of the journey you will see yourself and your reflections from an entirely different angle.
And if you can’t find the mirrors right away, don’t worry: they will bloom in front of you sooner or later. Mirror after mirror after mirror is going to touch your face until you won’t know anymore which one is your reflection and which one is your true self.
A mirror reflecting itself. What would it show?
♣
The pleasant rays of the autumnal Sun are sieving in through a circular window from above. They look like drops from a delicate celestial waterfall, filling the room with golden light. Prints of buildings, landscapes, or portraits, all placed neatly in thin frames, cover the gray plastered walls everywhere I look. Sounds of steps and conversations in low tones resonate and combine in frequencies overlapping around my standing body. People are coming in or moving out towards the other rooms of the art gallery. It is a continuous flow of costumes, dresses, and voices.
Why am I here? What am I doing in this place? Where is this building located, anyway? I feel as if I have been suddenly planted, like a sapling, at the edge of this hall. As if I have just materialized out of the void onto this spot.
Seconds later, fuzzy memories come back, shaking my senses with a vigorous gentleness. I remember the announcement about the exhibition. I read it the other day in a newspaper. It was about an extensive Escher collection, almost all his masterpieces in one place, open to the public from my city for a whole month. And here I am, in front of this lithograph from 1956, named Print Gallery.
The flow of people goes on unabated, left and right, forward and backward. It’s a never-ending swirl of footsteps and voices. Visitors pause for a few moments in front of a framed image, then move, almost in haste, to the next.
I keep looking at Print Gallery, hypnotized by its unusual composition. My eyes remain glued to the man displayed there. His eyes are gazing at the works filling a passageway. Through an insane twist of space, the framed image in front of him expands, enclosing the room, the building, the whole Universe. Unperturbed, he stares at the print he has become a part of. And now, I am that man. And I’m looking at the print from the print. And I have become part of this print myself.
“What do you think of this work? It looks intriguing, doesn’t it?” strikes a voice at my right.
Pulled out of this dazzling vision, I slowly turn my head and find a slender, middle-aged man of medium height standing next to me. He is wearing a dark-orange robe, his head is neatly shaved, and his face displays a peaceful smile. A Buddhist monk. Well, why wouldn’t a monk be interested in art, too? However, my instinct tells me he isn’t here by chance. His question sounds beyond casual. It certainly has a deeper meaning.
I take a deep breath and do my best to articulate my thoughts as clearly as I can, murmuring in a low tone:
“I have to admit: I’m fascinated by it. The image seems to blur the distinction between what’s inside and what’s outside us.”
His gray eyes look at me intensely. I feel as if they could drill my skull and read my thoughts. Yet, the peace and friendliness surrounding them can only come from someone who has reached a high spiritual level. This monk is someone who apparently wants to help me with something. But with what? And why?
My memory still has gaps. I can’t recall well the past few days or, as a matter of fact, anything preceding this moment. I don’t remember how I’ve got into this room and in front of this print. Perhaps this stranger has come to help me figure out what’s going on.
“You’re right,” the monk says. “Escher has brilliantly caught the fact that the ego is an illusion, that what’s inside our head cannot be fully separated from what’s outside our skin. Not that he was the first to do so. However, he has shown it in an intuitive and easy-to-understand manner.”
I feel like inside a classroom where I’m a student and he is the teacher. As soon as the stranger goes quiet, an idea begins to germinate in my brain. The whole scene looks like happening in a dream. Like I have dreamed of it before. The situation and the dialog seem somewhat rehearsed, artificial. As if we were two mediocre actors playing their roles on an invisible stage.
I wait for my heartbeats to calm down, then I say:
“My memory is blurred. I can’t remember what’s happened to me recently. I’ve got the impression you aren’t here by chance. Have you come to help me, to guide me somewhere?”
The monk stares straight into my eyes with a grave expression, nodding in silence. Time seems to flow slower now. The air has turned viscous.
I breathe evenly, trying to keep my flux of thoughts under control. Then I turn my gaze towards the artwork. It’s still there, unchanged. Yet, something else, hard to define, is different now. I don’t know where my past is rooted, but I’m somehow aware of my future. As if everything has suddenly begun to flow in the opposite direction, from tomorrow towards yesterday. Unaware of how this information has filled my thoughts, I know there’s a path in front of me, a path onto which I have to step soon. Very soon, probably in less than a minute.
We both continue to look at the print like we’re holding a vigil in front of it. I feel as if Maurits Cornelis Escher himself is standing now behind us, gazing intently at his creation. However, why am I going through this strange scenario? What are these preparations for? What kind of trip is waiting for me? Or, perhaps, it has already begun?
“I wanted to make sure you’re taking the proper path,” the stranger in the dark-orange robe says. “Your journey is going to begin here, right in front of this work of art. Don’t strain yourself too hard to understand everything at once. Understanding will come eventually, gradually, in time.”
“Who are you?” I ask, turning my gaze towards him.
I plan to follow up with a few more questions, but the monk has vanished. There is no trace of him. Perhaps he was only a product of my imagination? Startled, I turn my eyes back to the distorted landscape from the frame in front of me. And again, I am the man from the print, looking at the print. Space is curling around me, wrapping my body like a dark veil. When I turn my head once more towards the hall, I feel I’m both inside and outside the frame. It is a most unusual sensation, and it makes me dizzy.
I think I’m going to faint and prepare to embrace the hard marble floor in my fall. Yet, my knees somehow manage to stay steady. I remain standing. The art gallery is fading away. A few seconds later, I suddenly get comfortable, lying in a bed placed under a domed ceiling. The new room is bathed in diffuse blue light. The walls display a pleasant, refreshing blue.
“Let the story begin!” a man’s voice commands.
I fail to see him. The room looks empty.
“Let it begin! Bon voyage et bonne chance!” an invisible chorus replies.
A flash of light envelops me for a split second. Then I seem to materialize in a different location.
The bed and the room are gone. I’m aware of floating inside a liquid bubble, but my eyes are closing by themselves with overwhelming strength. Unable to react in any way, I’m falling into a deep dormant state. For a short time, I can still hear voices speaking loud and clear inside my brain:
Black! I think the recipient is sufficiently relaxed.
Gray! Body and mind are adjusting to the intermediary environment.
Red! Gradually increase the output up to half.
Orange! The readings of the body parameters are within the norm.
Yellow! Open the gate towards the new environment.
Green! Continue to increase the output to the maximum.
Blue! The gate towards the new environment is active.
Purple! Disconnect the primary environment.
Crimson! Separate the recipient from the intermediary environment.
Violet! Stand by for ignition.
White! Ignition and lift off! The recipient has crossed to the other side!
Prologue

 
I cannot prevent myself from wondering about the new generations that shall sprout into this world millennia from now. What shall they think of us? Shall they see our accomplishments as simple and primitive? Shall they portray us as uneducated barbarians? Shall our beliefs seem to them just unsophisticated superstitions? Yet, are these things going to matter in the end? And, ultimately, is there any end at all? What if the flow of time is only an illusion generated by our minds?

Elessyos of Miletus

We are tempted to see our existence as composed of a single reality. This reality flows from the immutable past to the fluid future through a present thinner than a knife-edge. The general view is that only inside this almost infinitely thin slice of time we live, act, and are being acted on. However, our lives are operating in a more complicated physical world.
 
The space-time around us can be better described as a network of possible realities. These realities are entangled and intertwined like the threads of many yarn balls thrown away in random directions from the singularity that gave birth to our Universe. In some locations of this complex multidimensional maze, the notions of past and future lose their meaning and are sometimes interchangeable. Meanwhile, the almost infinitely thin present can expand significantly. In other words, one can say that when we are not happy with the future, we can change the past.

Kai Ishida — a precursor of the New Physics



 
Nothingness said to Somethingness: “There is no universe right now, no space no time, nothing to separate the whole from its parts or to distinguish between inside and outside. Even you don’t exist, except in my imagination. So, let’s change this state of things and build a beginning from where to spin a new story.”
Somethingness replied: “As soon as this thought came to your mind, you became me, and now it’s you who doesn’t exist anymore. No problem, I shall do what you have asked for, what I had asked for.”
Hence, non-action became action, and non-being became being. From being, a beginning was born.
♣
In the beginning was the sound, and the sound was without form, and the sound was reigning supreme over the endless water. The sound became louder, generated vibrations, and expanded until it reached the water’s surface. Its touch changed the water, bringing into existence tiny ripples of resonance that spread in all directions. Soon, these ripples multiplied, grew, and evolved. Their shapes became stable. With them arrived new concepts, such as structure, complexity, and thought.
In the beginning, space was the only thing alive. Unbounded, undefined, unmeasurable. Space stretched, bent, and twisted until it closed onto itself. It rendered discontinuities that brought matter into existence as mass and energy, its two complementary sides. Then, from the random vibrations of the matter manifested as energy, the sound came into being.
In the beginning, there was no beginning because there was no time and space. From the singularity that did not exist and cannot be described, time and space appeared. Then, from time and space, everything else came forth. Everything is one, and one is everything.
In the beginning that did not exist, beyond anything the thought can conceive, beyond any beyond, in that beginning with no beginning, He was. Hence, everything started from Him and with Him. Yet He is only a name but not the real Him. The finger that points at the Moon is not the Moon. It’s just a finger.
And so, the flow of a story commences, entangled between pasts and futures, twisted by ripples of reality and illusion, washed by the incessantly changing waves of space and time. This flow starts shyly, more like a whisper, like a tiny mountain stream hidden under deep layers of ice and snow. However, it soon grows and expands, turning into a wide river. Before long, its deep waters pour, unstoppable, into the sea.
The sea itself is full of life and in continuous transformation. Its restless surface is periodically pulled towards the sky by the heat from the Sun, becoming clouds and returning, as rain, to the source. When this happens, the cycle is complete. The story folds over itself, returning to the origin.
In the beginning was the end…

 


 

A path is made by those walking on it.

Chuang Tzu (c. 369 — c. 286 BC)




Part 1:
Triangulum with Three Flashes of Lightning
The thoughts of Alberto Shimada, the second lieutenant of Excelsior

 
“If you could be someone else, who would you like to become?”
“I think I’d like to change back into myself. As of late, I often sense that my life is confined to the shadow of someone else’s dreams.”
“Yet, being yourself can often be a challenge. I don’t even understand well what this means. Can you define the idea of self? Can you explain what the self is?”
“You have just asked me about imagining being someone else, and now you’re saying you don’t fathom the idea of self? Why has everything to be so confusing? I, the person here, thinking and talking, the one who is within this body should be me, the ego, the self.”
“Then, if the one within your body, seeing, hearing, talking, thinking is you, how can you say you’re under the impression of being someone else?”
“I might have been myself in the past, but at night, soon after I go to bed and fall asleep, I dream of other worlds and people. And sometimes, more often than I wish, I dream of being a different person. Then, when I wake up from my dream the next morning, how can I trust I’m still the one who went to sleep? Furthermore, if I’ve got lost along the way and someone else is here in my stead, where am I now?”
“How can you know you’re not the same person? Anyone who has a mind and a heart, sees and hears, feels and talks within your body has to be you. It doesn’t matter whether you believe or not that you have a certain name and age and status. When you dream you are someone else, it is still you who sleeps and lives the other life in the realms of Morpheus. On those lands of phantasy, you can be more than a mere human. You can expand. Why should you limit your perception and existence to the willow shell that is your body?”
“Yet, is it really me the one who wakes up in the morning? How can I know? How can I be sure the life from my dream is not the real life? Maybe I’m dreaming now, and everything around me is only an illusion. Yet, I still feel that between dream and reality, between the one who dreams and the one who is dreamed of, there has to be a subtle difference. Nonetheless, dream and reality look now like two mirrors reflecting each other. Or, even better said: like a single mirror reflecting itself. How can I tell which one is the mirror and which one is the reflection?”
“You wish to find out which one is your true self? Then, in silence, you have to shut down the doors and windows connecting your mind and soul to the outside world. Light, sound, heat, or cold should not bother you. Then you can listen to what your heart is saying. When you can hear your heart, you are the mirror; when you can’t, you are the reflection. Yet, don’t forget: sometimes the mirrors can break! When this happens, you will see how the ego itself is an illusion, an illusion within an illusion. And when you reach this level of understanding, you can become anyone you like.”

Seraphios — Dialogues at the Edge of Time


 
A wet wind is blowing onto my face, cool and refreshing. From the rhythmic splashing sounds of the foamy waves, echoes are sprouting, ethereal and impermanent. Their music is pouring inside my ears like a delicate whisper.
My lungs are slowly moving up and down like a pair of wings, breathing in and out the glorious dance of the atoms that make up the air of my world. At this moment, the whole Universe is breathing in and out with me. In and out, inside and outside. From the slow beats of my heart to the Moon, the Sun, and beyond, there is no real distance anymore.
Soon, the flow of time reveals itself to be as illusory as the manifestation of space. This inner mounting flame is pushing open my eyelids. The light from outside pours in, filling my soul with eternity. Each breath feels now like a new birth of myself, like a cyclic return into existence. Everything is one, and one is everything.
Too many ideas and concepts are already roaming wild through my mind. Too many thoughts are flooding my perception. Some are familiar, but other seem to come from far away, as if they belonged to total strangers, mirroring me and mirroring themselves. Something doesn’t seem quite right. Have I been somewhere else before? Or, perhaps, have I been someone else before?
In the beginning was the light. Can we go back to the beginning? Can we return to what we used to be and become as pure as the light again?
♣
The sound of water.
Mother Nature has put on golden colors everywhere in and around the city. But the metropolis, as well as the continent, were left behind two days ago. Now only the ocean, an endless expanse of blue-green liquid with a faint salty odor, is stretching all the way to the horizon, wherever I look.
Standing on the deck of our fast brig, I can sense it’s autumn even here. Something hard to define makes me think of falling leaves. Is it the scent of the sea? Or could it be the fragrance of the wind? I turn my eyes up. A flock of fluffy clouds is towering high above the ship’s masts as if they were watching us. From the east, a pale, almost sick-looking Sun is shooting shy arrows of light.
The breeze blowing from the stern is pushing us with constant speed towards our destination. The tall prow cuts the waves with a slow rocking motion that generates a tender hissing sound. Here I am, on this beautiful morning of October 13, 1794. I’m in charge of the weather observations and the duty shifts of the crew.
Our vessel is sailing towards the Southern Islands, transporting weapons and ammunition. In addition, we’ve got a squadron of thirty soldiers as passengers. The soldiers will replace the current garrison in charge of the fort built there more than a century ago. These three tiny islands from the Tropics are locations of significant strategic importance for our navy. They oversee the main routes of an increasing number of ships that travel from our country towards exotic and commercially profitable shores from the Southern Hemisphere. My second mission in such far-away waters has just begun. A journey from autumn to summer and back.
The hours pass quietly. While I fill my logbook with notes, the wind is pushing our vessel with a speed of seven knots. If the weather stays the same, I should expect Excelsior to reach her destination in about eight days. But will it stay the same?
When I check the horizon with my handheld telescope in the early afternoon, I notice dark clouds gathering far away to the southeast. They’re spread over a large area and are set to cross our path. Changing the course to avoid bad weather could mean arriving at least one day late. We are most likely going to run into a storm during the first hours of the evening.
The captain is in his cabin, looking at the maps. I inform him immediately about the oncoming storm. We both return to the deck and begin the preparations for the soon-to-be unpleasant encounter. The captain wants to minimize any delay caused by the elements. He plans to take advantage of the cyclone, using it to shorten the journey to the Southern Islands by about one day. He also wants to test the efficiency of the crew. We have many new hands on board, and this storm is an excellent opportunity to check their skills.
The ship changes course to south-south-west. With no lee shore anywhere near our route, we plan to partially skirt the storm, using the strong winds that blow towards the south on the west side of the cyclone. Excelsior will keep sailing at full speed, gradually reefing her sails as the wind gets stronger. Hence, many sails will stay up and running almost until the storm is ready to strike. Our crew is large enough to take care of them in time.
Late in the afternoon, dark-gray clouds begin to fill the sky. The ocean becomes agitated and foamy. Legions of malefic spirits seem to be dancing on top of the ominous white waves. They are doing the final preparations to ram hard into our ship’s hull and do as much damage as they can. Some sails are still up, although many are reefed now. They’re pulling Excelsior southward with a speed of about eleven knots. The daylight is fading. The celestial tanks hanging above us are ready to explode and flood our vessel with a torrent of rain.
♣
The first drops fall one hour before sunset. In the beginning, just a few. Then a hard downpour floods the deck. Every few seconds, electrical discharges cut deep irregular lines across the dark-crimson sky. Thunders follow immediately after the flashes, loud like cannon shots. The ocean has turned nasty. It appears set to bury our ship in its liquid hell. The wind gradually transforms into a gale. Many crewmen are working in a hurry to finish stowing the higher sails and stroking the lower ones. At the same time, a dozen hands are unfurling a single storm fore-topsail to maintain the ship’s direction under the strong wind.
Despite doing my best to make myself useful wherever I can, I’m barely moving back and forth along the deck. My legs are wading through a continuous stream of water, sometimes ankle-deep. My boots are slipping on the wet planks every few steps. I have to hold tightly onto backstays, shrouds, hawsers, gunwale, or anything else with some local stability that I can reach with my tired hands. Everyone else exposed to the elements is in the same situation.
While gazing up for a moment, I find out that the fore topmast and fore topgallant sails haven’t been fully stowed. This is obviously the work of less experienced hands. The crewmen are still up there, trembling shadows moving against intermittent flashes of light. Balancing on the wet footropes, the poor lads try to fix their mistakes as fast as possible. However, the wind is getting harsher by the minute, and they are having difficulties finishing their job.
With my vision blurred by gale and rain, I continue to supervise the sailors’ work from the deck. Soon, I notice two young crewmen near the main topgallant platform, working alone and having a lot of trouble untying the gaskets from the jackstay before stowing the topgallant sail. They are almost done with the starboard and are pushing hard to get quickly to the port side. Suddenly, the sailors stop and look upwards, visibly frightened. Above them, a diffuse green light surrounds the top of the mast and the edges of the royal’s yard.
This is a most unusual phenomenon. I want to examine it at a closer distance. Directed by the first lieutenant, all hands around me are busy with other urgent issues. Finishing unfurling the storm fore-topsail is one of them. The canvas hasn’t expanded in the wind. The sailors involved in the operation are moving frantically to fix its orientation. That’s why the captain wanted to test the new hands. This storm is the best exam he could find for them. The crew doesn’t need me on the deck anymore, so I decide to climb up the mainmast to investigate the unusual light. I’ll also use this opportunity to double-check how the upper sails are stowed.
Reaching the topgallant platform in this weather is a real challenge. I’m tossed back and forth like a rag doll by the powerful shakes of the ship. The high-amplitude rolling makes me hold the rigging tightly to prevent being thrown overboard. My boots are not so great for a good foothold on the ratlines, but they’ll have to do. I feel as if I were tied to a giant metronome. A metronome moving in fierce harmony with this deafening symphony of wind and water.
Soon, I arrive near the top, grab the futtock shrouds, and climb onto the narrow platform. I can see the scared faces of the crewmen within an arm’s length of me. They are just getting done stowing the sail. All the ship parts I can glimpse around dance chaotically under flashes of lightning. I take hold of the yard and step onto the footrope, double-checking the hands’ work and ignoring the glow from above.
“Looks fine! You may go back on the deck now!” I shout as loud as I can.
The youngsters seem to understand my words and slide down along the rigging. The rain continues to pour from above like a waterfall. I feel already giddy from the slow but ample rolling motion of Excelsior dancing on top of the waves. Yet, I manage to control my nausea without having to throw up. Anyway, my location is too high, too precarious to allow myself such weaknesses. I suppose “throw down” would be more appropriate, given the circumstances. Although, given the wind’s intensity, this wouldn’t be entirely true, either.
I’m doing a final check of the knots. They look tight enough. The light surrounding the top of the mast generates a tingling sensation on the crown of my head. I have climbed all the way here to investigate it, so I step higher on the ratlines, closer to the mysterious glow.
Down on the deck and close to the prow, five crewmen have just finished stowing other sails and got a few moments to breathe. They are looking in my direction, gesticulating and shouting something. With the ubiquitous roar of the storm, I can’t make out their words. I assume what they mean is something like: “St. Elmo’s fire!”
However, from what I have read in books or heard from the stories of a few sailors, I don’t remember St. Elmo’s fire appearing above a ship while it’s raining so heavily. In addition to this, people who saw it described its color as blue or violet, not green. And why is it not pushed away by wind and rain? Something is different here. As I continue to climb closer to it, the tingling sensation on the crown of my head intensifies.
Right at that moment, a flash of lightning strikes the top of the mast with an ear-shattering noise. I can feel its tremendous power through a wave of pain. The flame from above wraps tightly around me. Its surge of electricity passes through my skin, flesh, and bones. A taste of metal fills my mouth a moment later. My heart seems to stop for a moment, then resumes its hurried beating. My eardrums hurt from the violent bang. For a few long seconds, my muscles twitch in uncontrollable spasms. Then numbness fills up my body. I try to grab the cordage near me, but I’m not successful. My hands and feet are slipping off the ropes. I begin to fall towards the deck, slowly, like in a dream.
Sailing ships are rarely struck by lightning, yet this can still happen every once in a while. And this time, I happened to be in the wrong place, at the wrong time. You can call it bad luck stretched to the extreme. Here it is, all mine to enjoy.
While sliding down, I notice how everything has become quiet all of a sudden. The wind’s whipping has ceased. Large, almost spherical beads of water dripping from the yards float around me, descending in slow motion towards the deck. The bolt that has just hit me still surrounds my body with a faint glimmer. The waves around the ship look like unfinished glass sculptures, reflecting the yellow-blue light of several frozen lightning flashes. Black clouds are hanging above, like a giant carpet spread all the way to the horizon. And the green light still surrounds the top of the mast, unchanged.
From up here, the ship’s frame looks like a leaf tossed into a fuzzy maze of foamy water crests. My field of vision narrows like a tunnel. It closes to a dot as colors turn grayscale. The seascape surrounding me disappears, with the flow of time slowing down even more. The green halo of light expands and swallows me. I’m floating now, weightless, in the air. Wrapped in silence, I find myself in the middle of another scenery, in a different space and time.
It’s dark. It’s quiet. It’s comfortable. The pain is gone.
Soft shadows shroud me like a silk robe. A night view is unfolding before my eyes. There is a man in front of me, watching the night lights of a city. Seconds later, he walks away from them, stepping onto a narrow path bordered by oaks and maples. At the same time, I’m him and I’m myself, observing the scene from a short distance. My senses have become distorted. Apparently, what I’m experiencing now was triggered by this flash of lightning.
Like a mirror reflecting itself… What would it show?
Flash One:
Cassiopeia

 
The late-night sky looked unfriendly, even slightly threatening. It floated, like a mantle, above the dense foliage that surrounded the river. Despite the dark-green carpet of grass that caressed his feet, it was actually cold, close to freezing. He had decided to spend the night here, in the tent. Away from the city’s noise, without a radio or a phone.
A full Moon painted in the color of blood was rising above the pine-covered mountains. His gaze focused on it for a moment, then moved higher until it reached the trembling lights of the five stars that sketched the big “W” shape of Cassiopeia. A grin came across his face as he recognized the familiar constellation. The man stretched his arms to the sides like a pair of wings, imagining he could soar all the way up to the edge of space.
He had set up the tent already, right before sunset. The weariness brought on by a long and tiring day was slowly sinking in, taking control of his body. He glanced at the sky one more time, then disappeared inside the canvas dome. The sleeping bag swallowed him at once, like a cocoon. Soon, a heavy slumber enveloped his thoughts in a halo of dreams. The dreams took control of his mind, coming and going in fuzzy whirlpools of colors and shapes. With them came a feeling that someone from a different space and time was watching him.
♣
The sound of the stream flowing a few paces away became louder. Frequent splashes in the shallow waves were interrupting its flow. He woke up.
Must be a boar looking for roots and seeds on this side, the man thought. Perhaps I should check it out. He reached for the lantern and sneaked out of the tent, light off. A few quiet steps got him to the water’s edge. No boar was there.
The stream glistened in the moonlight, alien and uninviting. Dark shapes were moving along it, marching or swimming upstream in parallel lines: hundreds and hundreds of fish-like creatures with long tails and lizard legs.
He turned on the lantern. The other bank had changed. Trees shaped like baobabs filled the opposite slope, their blue leaves reflecting the light of an invisible moon. The sky looked alien that way, too, with the spiral arms of an immense galaxy spreading over it.
Oblivious to his presence and ignoring the lantern beam, the creatures kept going on with their journey. Bluish sparks glistening in midair revealed the boundary between his world and the other reality. Looking upwards, he saw the border extending across the sky: a giant half-circle, dividing the Universe in two.
Above him, the same familiar stars were still shining. Wait, there was something different, something weird high above, in the Cassiopeia constellation. Right on top of the “W” shape and a little to the right, a new luminous dot was blazing, about as bright as Venus.
No, this can’t be true, he thought. His decent knowledge of astronomy reminded him of the supernova discovered and studied in detail by Tycho Brahe in 1572. Had he somehow slid back in time? Nonetheless, the landscape on this bank looked the same. Then what about the city? Of course, the urban center was too far away, and he had no means to make sure it was still there.
Suddenly, a breeze carrying warm air from the other bank blew onto his face. He noticed a movement on his left and felt a light touch on his shoulder. Something shaped like a butterfly had landed on the dark fabric of his jacket. It was an insect the size of a sparrow, with a blue body and wings covered in black and red patterns.
Time was slowly pouring into the night, its flow marked by the cadence of the creatures moving along the river bed. Time itself felt like a river streaming above the valley where the procession was taking place. Piece by piece, it was engulfing the watercourse and the scenery surrounding it. Now he could also hear drums in the distance. He felt the desire to cross the boundary grow more intense, like a rose spreading its petals in the morning sunlight.
The alien butterfly was still resting motionless on his shoulder: a delicate decoration glistening in the night. He decided to leave it alone, refraining from touching the fragile-looking wings. After moments that seemed to last an eternity, his feet moved forward.
A gentle electric discharge came through his fingertips when his right hand touched the border between the worlds. The loop of eternity shattered. The alien scenery faded away. Everything came back to the familiar configuration. High up in the sky, the bright star from Cassiopeia was no more.
The experience had lasted only two or three minutes. Had it been just a dream? Yet, when he turned his head, the alien insect was still clinging to his garment. Struck by the cold temperature of the night, it fell off his shoulder and died in his hands moments later. With utmost care, the man took the insect and placed it inside an empty jar.
Poor butterfly! What were you dreaming about when you crossed into my world? Why did your flight have to end like this? I’m so sorry for your lost life! Caught in this strange chain of events, are you even real? Maybe I’m actually deep asleep now, dreaming of alien worlds and butterflies?
He returned to his shelter and curled back inside the sleeping bag, looking now like a chrysalis himself.
♣
Early morning, the Sun launched a dazzling assault against the shadows enfolding the river’s bank. Without mercy, its rays filled the interior of his canvas dome with bright golden light. They pierced his closed eyelids with a thousand needles, blinding him painfully in his sleep. He woke up dizzy and with his vision blurred by tears. A small clock next to his open backpack was displaying 6:07.
It’s time to head back, he thought, yawning and stretching his arms and legs.
The last night’s adventure felt now like the memory of a dream. However, the jar enclosing the fragile body of the alien butterfly was still there, a vivid reminder of what had happened just hours earlier.
He folded up the tent in silence, squeezed everything into his backpack, and stepped onto the narrow gravel-covered path that linked the river bank to the city. The landscape soon changed. Trees, meadow, and river vanished behind, replaced by asphalt, concrete, and glass. Everything was now wrapped in the omnipresent noise of modern civilization.
Later, in his living room, he heard the news on TV while preparing to go to work:
“… unusually high tides were observed in several coastal locations. No earthquake that could generate a tsunami was recorded, so most scientists believe this could be related to a massive invisible object passing in the close vicinity of Earth. This object could, in principle, be a black hole of microscopic size, or perhaps an energy burst emerging from a wormhole connected to a distant source. However, none of the theories so far suggested can satisfactorily explain the sudden tides. More investigations are needed until the scientists can come up with a model that fits the encountered phenomena. Several fishing boats also reported that…”
He reached for the remote to increase the volume…
…and now, without warning, I wake up high above the deck of a ship. I’m floating in dark silence, dizzy, in pain, and unsure about who I am. Too many images and words are trying to fill my head, all at once.
Have I just experienced something from the distant future? The technology there was way more advanced than today: a city with very tall buildings, horseless carts with engines that didn’t use steam, a bright bulb that switches on and off with a touch, a clock with numbers that display even the seconds… And on top of that, there was the rectangular screen that could bring in images and sounds from far away.
I’m still adrift near the mast, descending with agonizing slowness towards the partly flooded deck. While going through this unusual experience of living someone else’s life, I have actually barely moved downwards in my fall. My right foot is now entangled in a hawser, and I seem to hang upside down in the dark, like a bat.
Then the time flow speeds up once more. The storm’s roar, the wind’s whip, and the rain’s cold downpour are hitting me again vigorously, all at once. While the ship’s rolling on the furious waves jolts my bones, my left hand finally manages to get hold of another slippery rope. Pulling hard the cordage with both arms, I switch back into an upright position. My feet are resting now on the ratlines. I’m leaning against the shrouds, holding them tightly.
Memories flow the other way around, as if they came from the future. That’s right, I’m the second lieutenant of this ship. I look up towards the green halo of light still surrounding the top of the mast, just in time to see another lightning striking it with tremendous power. A new wave of electricity and pain shakes my body, soon replaced by the already familiar numbness. The flow of time is slowing down anew. The same diffuse light engulfs me again.
I’m violently thrown into another world, into a different space and time. Is this place real, or is it only a fantasy imprisoned inside the deepest layers of my mind? Am I sliding into it from the material world in which I live? Or perhaps I’m coming back to reality from a dream where I was traveling across the sea aboard a brig named Excelsior? Which one is real, which one is the delusion?
Apparently, I have become someone else.
If one could hear the moonlight touching a window, what kind of sound would it be?
Flash Two:
The Attic Looking Glass

 
The night is falling, spreading gloomy shadows across the mountain ridges. I stand at the window, with my gaze resting on the distant peaks basking in the crimson colors of the sunset. Soon, the familiar landscape on the other side of this glass pane is going to turn again into something that goes beyond my rational understanding.
While the sky is sinking into twilight, my thoughts drift away, reflecting lights and shadows from the past. Suddenly, another pair of eyes seems to be watching me from behind. A new field of view opens, and I seem to be looking at the world from two different perspectives. I feel as if I’m living in two parallel existences at the same time. I’m here, but also in a remote location, sailing over stormy waters. I can even experience for a moment the salty scent of the sea. How can my body be simultaneously in two different places? Then, as quickly as it came, the strange connection with another person and place fades away.
♣
Swimming inside fuzzy memories of my childhood, I pick up self-reflections from old times. They gradually grow into the outline of a skinny teenager fascinated by the nebulous realms hidden inside Earth’s crust.
Back then, I would often spend long hours searching for caves, my feet silently drifting among ridges wrapped in evergreen forests. Some of these underground chambers were only a few steps deep. Others extended for dozens of meters, dug in limestone by streams coming from rains, or hatched by the snow melting in the spring. The never-resting water was the invisible architect for them all.
Behind shadows of slopes filled with whispering leaves, the caves were waiting. Looking for them, I would often have to climb vertical rocks covered in moss and hidden by pines with roots digging deep in the gray stone. Then, suddenly, a new opening towards the dark underworld would unravel in front of my eyes.
At that moment, I would switch on the pale light of my electric torch and venture inside. In most instances, I could move ahead only by crouching and crawling, as the galleries were too low to walk upright. I was too old to believe in treasures and trolls. Therefore, I never expected to discover anything valuable or scary. But I always had a sense of wonder when diving into these new realms previously unseen by human eyes. Every such undertaking felt like a short plunge into a different space and time.
And so, in one of these little expeditions, while investigating a newly found cave, I arrived at a vaulted chamber where my beam of light revealed a shiny thing lying on the floor. The object had a regular geometrical shape and appeared to be man-made. A closer inspection and quick cleaning of the mud layer that surrounded it revealed a transparent cube about six centimeters in size.
The cube could be easily mistaken for a block of ordinary glass. However, a detailed inspection of its interior revealed rows of dots arranged into unusual patterns that followed a somewhat repetitive geometry. I placed the object inside my pocket and checked the rest of the cave, looking for similar items. Yet, besides the crystal, I couldn’t find anything else out of the ordinary.
Coming out of the cavern, I held the square block in my palm and admired it in the warm rays of the Sun. White light quickly filled the cube until it turned opaque. One or two minutes later, the crystal began broadcasting the light back like an electric bulb. My mouth opened in astonishment as I was witnessing this curious phenomenon. The forest was not the best place for a more detailed study of it. Hence, I slipped the cube back into my pocket and hurried home.
In the next couple of days, I went around with the newly found item, asking friends and neighbors about the possible origin of the cube. However, no one had ever seen anything like it. At first, they would stare with fascination at the crystal, watching how it absorbed the light and broadcasted it back. Then they would shrug and go back to what they had been previously doing. When something we experience is too strange for our rational understanding, our mind tends to ignore it. It immediately returns to its everyday activities as if nothing unusual has happened. It’s a self-protection mechanism for the brain.
Another week passed. I decided to return to the cave and explore its interior in more detail. I grabbed my backpack and trekked all the distance to the big rock where I had discovered it. Although I was convinced I had memorized the site correctly, I could not find the entrance anymore. Three hours later, when the Sun was already setting, I gave up. The cave was gone.
That summer, I explored the area twice more but still couldn’t find the cave’s entrance. Not then and not during the following years. Not ever.
The cube could be from the Wartime, but it could also come from an earlier period, even from Antiquity. I remember illuminating the crystal with various lanterns, looking for something unusual, expecting to see a message or an image hidden deep inside the transparent material. Every time I did this, the little block gradually filled with light almost the same way the water from a glass mixes up little by little with a drop of ink that has fallen into it. Bright filaments would begin to grow and fuse into tiny rainbows, expanding until the crystal looked like an LED bulb. Then, when I switched off the incoming beam, the cube would slowly lose its blaze and return to its initial state.
As the weeks passed, my initial enthusiasm faded away. I didn’t discover new laws of physics. My experiments didn’t reveal a hidden message. No practical use of the crystal ever emerged. With the hope to unlock its secrets someday, I stopped showing it around. The cube gradually became my little secret.
Trying to learn how the crystal worked, I spent most of my free time reading all the books I could find about optics. Unfortunately, none of them gave me a satisfactory explanation. All the knowledge of our world could not help me understand what was going on inside the strange object.
♣
The years passed like clouds, pushed away by the gentle winds of change. My interest in the mysterious object faded to a fuzzy dot, lost among the memories of my younger age. One day, the brown walls of a large cardboard box enclosed the crystal, together with some toys, books, and photos. They also swallowed my childhood and its bold dreams. Only a shadow of my discovery remained alive, hidden inside me like an insect hibernating deep underground.
The experiments with the crystal increased my interest in science. And so, I ended up taking physics as a profession, teaching it some years later at a university in a city not so far away from my home. In the meantime, as the interaction of electromagnetic waves with matter had become my specialty, I also became involved in several collaboration projects of light-related research. I suppose the cube would have stayed in the cardboard box forever if I hadn’t started a new set of experiments with solid-state lasers.
♣
I had been living and working in the nearby city for more than a decade. From summer to winter and back, my days went on without many notable events. Lately, I’d gotten into the habit of staying at my old home several weeks a year, especially during the winter and summer breaks.
The summer began as usual. I was still working on campus but already looking forward to the usual mix of work and leisure in the mountains. There, I would blend my time spent among books, measurements, and calculations with long treks through the forests. In the meantime, new events were already gathering pace around me. They were spreading like the clouds of a hurricane still hidden behind the horizon.
This new project was part of an extended scientific collaboration. It focused on designing and building an improved portable laser for low-power devices, with potential use in research and industry. Several universities from around the world were sharing their research work. My job consisted of testing new materials for stimulated photon emission involved in the frequency doubling process. These materials released purple-colored beams in the visible spectrum with an efficiency higher than the existing commercial models.
I was out of ideas for my tests. I needed a new work environment, so I was happy to leave the city after the summer solstice, taking along some of these crystals and the parts for the portable laser prototype. I planned to do sets of measurements inside the improvised laboratory set up the previous year in my home’s attic. A window there was convenient for testing the beam’s focus at long distances, for it opened into an empty area of my garden with the mountains in the background.
Each night, I would spend long hours testing the purple thread of light that disappeared into the distant peaks. When the sky was clear, the constellations that filled the space above slid in a slow procession from one horizon to another, as if they were curious to follow my progress. Under their faint glitter, I was doing sets after sets of measurements involving the diameter and shape of the beam’s focus spot.
One evening, while trying to find new ways of improving the beam’s focus and intensity at long distances, the memory about the crystal cube popped up into my conscious mind.
I don’t know what had triggered it, and I don’t think it matters anymore. In any case, I suddenly found myself thinking about checking its interaction with the purple light coming from my laser.
♣
Floating on the river of time, past episodes from my life are turning more and more vivid. I’m back there and then, living again the whole series of events from that night. The past pulls me in, away from this moment. And then the past is pulled out, absorbing the present, becoming the present.
The crystal is glistening on the dark wooden table from my living room, waiting for me to pick it up. I take a deep breath. From the garden, I can smell the rich fragrance of the freshly mowed grass. Surprisingly, this thought has never crossed my mind before. But now, because it did, I’m going to set up a new test in the attic upstairs. I couldn’t do it in those days of the past when lasers were bulky and expensive. However, tonight I shall find out how my monochromatic beam interacts with the object found in the cave.
The cube warming inside my clenched fist as I stand motionless near the table, trying to put my thoughts in order. With a sense of anticipation, I climb again the narrow stairs that lead to the attic. I need a few minutes to mount my treasured relic on a small rotating platform already placed in front of the laser. Then I set the beam to work in a continuous regime.
For the first few seconds, most of the light goes unimpeded through the transparent material. Yet, luminous filaments begin to fill the cube soon, a view so familiar during my raw experiments from the distant past. It’s a relatively slow process, taking about a minute to complete. When the crystal is uniformly lit from within, it wraps the attic in a diffuse purple color. Dots of higher intensity appear on the wooden boards that hold the roof’s thin metal sheets. They mark the space above with rectangular patterns.
A couple of minutes later, the beam leaving the crystal gets denser. Blurry shadows are randomly moving inside the object. I rotate the cube little by little until its incident surface is perpendicular to the beam. The beam becomes visibly divergent and reaches the small window that opens towards the mountains. There is something unusual about the panes’ reflection. I instinctively move closer to the sparkles of color emerging from it.
The attic’s window has become much brighter, dissolving the night from outside. I keep staring at the four rectangular sheets that separate me from the garden and mountains. The beam is almost completely covering them. A vivid combination of shapes and colors fills the contour marked by the purple ray. Incredulous, I come next to the glass, trying not to block the beam’s path. I immediately find myself staring at an alien scenery.
It’s a vast garden. Stone alleys curl in regular patterns around giant trees with white trunks and violet leaves. Insects that look like butterflies are flapping their blue wings in the air. They are gathered among bushes full of red flowers that make me think of roses. In the background, I can glimpse a continuous line of tall mountains covered by forests.
Higher up, a violet sky with purple clouds moving across it dominates the view. The still water (is it really water?) of a lake, glittering farther to the left, reflects in iridescent colors the floating landscape from above. Even farther away, close to the peaks near the horizon, unknown snake-like creatures fly with undulating moves, riding the winds.
The window has just turned into a magic looking-glass. However, unlike the one in Alice’s story, it appears completely different on the other side. And I can’t cross the boundary between these worlds.
♣
The vivid colors of my memories are fading. The past is dissolving. The present is connecting again with the rest of my world, taking me back to reality. I spent that night turning the cube on all its faces. I changed its position on the rotating platform and tested its interaction with the laser beam over and over. Yet, no matter what surface the purple thread of light touched, for as long as the emergent beam filled the window, the same dynamic view appeared on the other side. Then I removed the crystal and placed various pieces of glass in front of the beam. Now, the beam crossed them without any noticeable loss in intensity. No alien landscape appeared.
With the setup unchanged, I moved the laser around and shone it through other windows of my home. The unusual effect did not appear in any of them. The attic window was the only one that opened towards that incredible view every time the light emerging from the crystal was touching it. And this only worked with the purple laser beam. Nothing else had any effect on the panes. When I turned a lantern beam toward the other side, it crossed unhindered the glass border into the alien world. I could see how it interacted with some of the soil and grass from the garden.
The rest of the night passed quickly. Hypnotized by the strange landscape, I didn’t even notice the flow of time. At dawn, the light from outside became too bright, and the view faded away. I switched off the laser and soon plunged into a deep sleep haunted by intense dreams.
When I opened my eyes again, it was already late in the afternoon. My head ached, and I felt dizzy. Everything around me appeared fuzzy and distorted.
♣
My grandfather used to tell me about a house on the northern hill, not so far away from ours. It had been built by a farmer more than eighty years ago. The man had bought the windows from a glass merchant who lived in the city nearby. However, one day he sold his property hastily then went away towards an unknown destination. Nobody from our village heard of his new whereabouts.
What had made him leave so suddenly? Had he seen at night something strange on the other side of his window panes? Perhaps it was a garden from another world? Still, with no monochromatic light available back then for experiments like mine, how could these unusual properties of the glass be activated?
They took down the house some years later. The new landowner soon sold its doors, windows, and part of the furniture. All these items were still in good condition, and most of them fetched a decent amount of money. My grandfather bought four small panes and used them for the attic window of our home. By that time, the glass merchant had already left the city. No one knew where he had moved.
These events took place long before I was born. Time flew by, many winters and summers succeeding each other. The memories of the past sank into oblivion, little by little. The people who currently live there have no recollection of the glass seller from the city. Nor of his mysterious windows.
Touched by the river of time, my grandfather passed away at eighty-five, becoming one with the Absolute, like everybody else from his generation. Nowadays, few people even remember the house on the other side of the river. As for the names, they are already long forgotten.
♣
Almost six weeks after my strange discovery, I still had made no progress in understanding what was going on. Taking the cube and a tiny fragment from the glass sheet with me, I went back to the city. There, I used the resources from the university’s lab to secretly investigate the composition of the material.
The analysis revealed it to be fused silica glass, an unusual choice for a window. This type of glass is quite hard, has a low thermal expansion coefficient, and can withstand high temperatures of up to 1000-1500 Celsius degrees. Typical window sheets use soda-lime-silica glass, have a high thermal expansion coefficient, and melt at 500-600 Celsius degrees. So much for the chemical composition. Someone selling fused silica windows glass more than eighty years ago? And so cheaply? That sounded ridiculous to me.
A thorough examination of the glass on an electron microscope deepened the mystery even more. The material displayed rows of repetitive patterns made by alternating layers only a fraction of a micron thick and with distinct optical properties. Their refraction indices seemed to follow a periodic spatial variation law shaped by a complex equation. A similar pattern was also visible inside the cube. However, I didn’t dare to cut even the tiniest fragment from it for a detailed analysis. Who could have manufactured back then something way beyond the current level of technology?
Taking the opportunity given by the long summer break and its relaxed schedule, I tested my laser beam on every transparent material I could find. I included on the list many types of glass and dozens of diffraction lattices. Nothing unusual ever happened. The light would just pass through the material, its intensity slightly decreasing, as expected.
Then I adjusted up and down the laser wavelength by several tens of nanometers. Again, nothing out of the ordinary occurred. Changing the laser type and using wavelengths from red to blue gave me the same results. The strange view opened only through my attic’s window and only with the purple light beam, within a wavelength band of plus or minus 25 nanometers from its nominal value of 445 nanometers.
After five more days, I abandoned my tests at the university’s lab and went back to my village, back to the attic window. The weather was still warm, so I decided to spend most of the remaining summer nights there, observing the landscape from the other side of the glass sheet.
In the meantime, talking to clerks from the local administration and browsing old official documents, I attempted to track down the fate of the other windows from the demolished house. Every couple of days, I would travel back and forth between my village and the city, putting together incomplete bits of information, hoping to revive the memories of those times. Unfortunately, both glass and man seemed to have disappeared without a trace.
Of course, there was a chance other people from the village might have bought similar window panes. So, I began asking around who had purchased sheets of glass from the old house on the northern hill. After a week, I tracked two of those windows, still kept in storage by the buyers’ sons. Their owners were happy to give them to me for free, without even asking too many questions.
However, nothing occurred when I shone my purple beam through the new panes. Back at the university, I analyzed their chemical composition and examined them with the electron microscope from the lab. The panes were made of ordinary glass. I couldn’t spot any patterns inside, either. With no more paths to follow, I decided to drop the inquiry and keep the matter for myself for the time being. The panes of fused silica from my attic window were probably the only ones that possessed these unusual properties.
♣
Every time I come back to my childhood home, I spend long hours gazing at the silent world unfolding outside my attic. I have installed a set of exterior shutters so I can also check the view during the day.
I’ve added another laser to the setup. It broadcasts to the other world pulses of green light that follow periodic patterns, in the eventuality that intelligent creatures still live there and might reply. I’ve never tried to unmount the glass sheets from the wooden frame. I like it more this way. It gives me the feeling that the whole house is part of a different universe, and that I could cross onto the other side if I opened the window and stepped through it.
Sometimes it’s daytime there. At other hours, darkness floods the garden. I haven’t seen any moon in the sky so far, so I don’t know if there is any. Watching the movements of a red sun across the alien sky, I have estimated the planet’s day length to be about 27 hours and 17 minutes. The snake-like flying creatures never came close, so I can’t tell for sure what they are.
I took a significant number of photographs and recorded many videos of that realm. Yet, I still avoid telling others about my discovery. The government might find out and take away my panes. They could end in a secret location surrounded by armed soldiers and used for purposes beyond my control, possibly for military applications. This is not what I’d like to see happening.
I believe the human race is not ready to meet an alien civilization. Our history, full of wars and destruction, stays witness to it. I would rather keep quiet until times change.
At present, only light can cross the fragile glass boundary. Yet, teleportation experiments attempting to move electrons and atoms from one place to another have been underway in several laboratories for years. One day, we might succeed in using photons to transfer even our bodies between different locations. That could also include passing through the glass boundary from my attic window into the alien world. But not now, and not for some time in the future.
As for what physical phenomenon makes the light bend the space at this level, I cannot think of any explanation. All I can say is that my panes behave almost like a stargate. They connect two regions of the Universe far away from each other, all done with such a small amount of energy. Who knows, maybe the other side is not even real. Perhaps everything I experience happens inside a dream. Yet, I still want to believe that the garden is not part of my imagination. For this reason, I shall continue to learn as much as I can about the realm from the other side of my attic’s window.
The cube may use a hidden power source nearby, located close to the cave where I discovered it so many years ago. Unfortunately, there is no way to check this unless I find the cave’s entrance again. I tried several times to retrace its location this summer but without success. I checked the area for gravitational or electromagnetic anomalies. I found nothing. The local radioactivity was within the natural values, too.
The garden might be in a remote, little-circulated area. Or perhaps the builders of its stargate left the planet long ago. However, I’d like to think they still live nearby and might show up at any moment. Therefore, I continue to send them bright signals every time I come back to my home from the mountains.
♣
There is a stargate in my attic. It shrinks space and time and brings close to my eyes a landscape from an alien civilization. I don’t know precisely where the other side of my window leads. I used an approximate map of the brightest stars visible there at night and some three-dimensional computer analysis to find the coordinates of the garden. My calculations suggest it is less than one hundred light-years away, somewhere in the Cassiopeia Constellation.
One day, our telescopes will find this planet. And, maybe in the distant future, a human-made probe will cross the interstellar void to explore those landscapes. It will send back to Earth photographs and videos that will travel for many decades to reach our home. Her radio waves will carry new stories about the meaning of life and intelligence, bringing here some of the greatness and beauty of that place.
Or, perhaps in a few decades, our scientists can build a stargate that will shorten this journey to a matter of minutes. And maybe long before this happens, I shall find a way to share my attic’s view with everybody. I’m already thinking about how to do it without risking having the crystal and window panes taken away from me by organizations with dark agendas.
♣
The summer will end soon. In the mountains, the autumn has already expanded its yellow tendrils among maples and birches. The days have gotten shorter. I come here less often, spending most of my time in the city. There I teach classes at the university and do new experiments for my research projects.
In my dark attic, the purple laser beam runs for many hours on the weekends. I have recently installed a camera with motion sensors to record anything unusual that might appear on the other side. So far, I’ve spotted nothing new.
As I stand in front of the window, I let my gaze rest on the far-away peaks still basking in the crimson colors of the sunset. I take a deep breath and get ready for another night of observations.
And then a new idea crosses my mind. I realize I’ve never tried the reverse combination for the laser beam: first the pane and then the crystal. The weather is still warm tonight, so I shall detach the window frame from its hinges and place it between the laser and the small platform where the cube is mounted.
A few minutes later, I’m ready for the new experiment. While the night is flooding the room, I switch the beam on. Immediately, the crystal begins to vibrate, emitting a low humming sound. A luminous sphere is expanding from the cube, enveloping it in diffuse green light. I step towards it, and…
…the whole world dissolves into a sparkle of colored fireworks.
I’m again up here, whipped by wind and rain, holding the mainmast tightly, dizzy and shaken by the new experience. This time, I feel as if I have spent a lifetime inside my vision. Apparently, these events also took place in the future. Advanced technology, way beyond my comprehension, was widespread in that world. Everything made sense there and then. But here and now, I can’t properly describe any of the new things I have witnessed. How does a laser work, anyway?
Also, the units used there for size and distance were the meter and its submultiples. They were proposed three years ago by the French Academy and still are a work in progress. Perhaps many years from now, the metric system will be the most common around the world.
I had enough of this pain. I should slide down to the deck, then go straight to my cabin and rest for a few hours, as much as any rest is possible in this kind of weather.
Yet, before I have a chance to begin my descent, another lightning strikes the top of the mast. The green halo of light engulfs me for the third time. The already familiar agony, then the numbness, follow in short succession. “Please stop it! Stop it!” I try to scream, but it’s already too late. My lips can’t utter a sound, and I succumb again to this cruel game. Once more, inside a frozen bubble of time and against my will, I am someone else, somewhere else, some-when else.
If you want to play with the sea, you have to become a lake.
How to become a lake?
Learn how to flow and be still at the same time.
Flash Three:
Under Siege

 
The treetops rustle, stirred by the wind. The fog is slowly rising, compact like a platform pulled by an invisible crane. Near the horizon, its edge almost touches the clouds. It slides upwards along the slopes of the blue mountains, obscuring their peaks and revealing their bases.
Zephyr, the first sun, set hours ago. It’s close to midnight now, but there is enough light even to read a book. Here, on the northern continent, the great summer is at its peak. Ephyr, the second sun, shines bright day and night, never sinking below the sky edge. It will continue to do so for many short years to come.
When the sky is clear, trees and rocks continue to cast trembling shadows in the cold light of Ephyr even after Zephyr has set. During this season that lasts almost a quarter of a human lifetime, the night sky displays a green-gray color, and you can see only the brightest stars at this latitude. On top of that, the nocturnal light makes some degree of photosynthesis possible in many local plants.
Luxuriant vegetation, unknown in the great winter, grows day and night until it covers mountains and plains like a tropical jungle. These are new grasses, shrubs, and trees that appear and flourish for a few decades. Then they wither and die, releasing seeds that will be patiently waiting underground for more than half a century until the next great summer arrives.
This abundance of plant life triggers extensive migrations from the opposite hemisphere. Herds of antelopes, fish banks, swarms of insects, or flocks of birds travel from the south on land, water, and air, followed by big predators. And sometimes, human armies from far away kingdoms show up behind them, enveloped in dreams of pillage and conquest.
♣
From the top of a rocky hill, the Citadel dominates the landscape. The massive stone walls and tall towers give it the shape of a crown. From the watchtower, peeking through the empty spots left by the rising fog, Moriel watches the moves of the enemy army. A worried look is emerging from his eyes.
How many of them have come? Ten thousand? Twenty thousand? We only have three thousand people within the walls of our stronghold, almost half of them women and children. If we leave aside the very young and the old, about one thousand individuals ready to fight are left. Among them, only about three hundred are real soldiers. The fortress has enough food supplies for about two months, but can we even last for a week against such a big army if the king doesn’t come soon to help us?
I’ve heard that these people, called Hadar, enslave all the men and women they can catch alive. They consider themselves a superior race. A race that was chosen by their god to conquer everything under the Two Suns. Therefore, they have declared the whole world their rightful possession. Everybody else is supposed to obey and serve them.
And why does it have to happen right now? Now, when this planet is in much greater danger! A threat of destruction brought by my people is traveling at high speed through space, getting closer by the second. Thousands of them will land here soon.
Instead of battling to prevent the invasion that will begin in less than two years, we need to fight now for our lives against these primitive individuals. To make things worse, I cannot even access from here any of our advanced technology. I knew my mission would be difficult but didn’t expect my odds of success to be so low.
Sighing, Moriel turns his head and looks upwards as if a miracle could still happen, bringing salvation from the sky. Towards the north, where fog and clouds have cleared up, two thin shapes can be glimpsed for a few moments, flying high above the mountains.
Another pair of dragons. I envy their freedom to go wherever they want and live how they like. In my world, they only existed in legends, but here they are real. Beautiful, powerful, and intelligent beasts. Oh, how I wish to find a way to make them our allies for the war that will come from the stars!
For a moment, the image of a ship sailing amidst stormy waters reaches his mind, taking him by surprise. Swaying, he feels like he is both here and there: in the watchtower and on the open sea. At the same time, he is basking in the cold light of Ephyr and is whipped by a hurricane. The view fades into the mist before he has a chance to react. Things turn back immediately the way they were before.
Down in the fields, the enemy is assembling catapults. In the light coming from the second sun, one can see with crystal clarity the movement of the Hadar. The invader’s troops and mobile fortifications have already surrounded the Citadel. No escape routes are left.
Moriel and some of his people continue to observe in silence the valley. The tension before the incoming battle is growing, stinging their lungs. Soon, they’ll have to come up with a defense plan.
The Hadar take their time preparing for the attack, confident in the soon-coming victory. They like to put into action unusual weapons and peculiar strategies. A few old people from the fortress saw them during the previous great summer when the invaders from the south also attempted to conquer these lands and failed. However, the barbarians had fewer troops back then, and many of their soldiers were rather poorly equipped. Now, a large army with spears, swords, and shields has invaded this valley again. Stronger and greedier than ever before.
The old men know that one of the standard tactics of the Hadar relies on throwing hundreds of tropical wasp nests inside the besieged fortifications. Then they send their warriors to climb the walls on long ladders while the people inside are running away from the angry insects. When attacking, their soldiers use an ointment with a secret formula that keeps the wasps away from their skin. Keeping the nests healthy on these long campaigns and avoiding any painful stings must require special skills and great care. The Hadar certainly have these qualities and must not be underestimated.
If only the king could help us in time! Messengers were sent to the capital a few days ago, in ways so hidden that nobody should have discovered their presence before they entered the palace. Unfortunately, with such a powerful enemy, you can never be sure about what might happen until our reinforcements arrive. Brother, I’m counting on your help!
A soldier shows up in the tower and stops in front of Moriel. His tense voice breaks the silence a moment later:
“The war council asks for you.”
♣
These people are so different from the humans living in my world! They spend more time developing their bodies and minds and avoid relying too much on technology. In some ways, their culture is so primitive; in other ways, it’s so advanced! Take, for example, the mind whisperers who can temporarily control insects, animals, or birds using hypnosis and intense neural waves generated by their brains.
The voices resonating inside the large hall take him back to reality.
“We only have two mind whisperers in the Citadel. It will be difficult for them to control all the wasp swarms when the full-scale assault begins,” one of the captains says. “Hence, they will only be able to keep a small area safe, with our soldiers gathered nearby. However, the enemy is going to notice the undefended spots immediately and will bring more troops there. By doing so, the Hadar will easily break in.”
“What about using smoke?” a priest asks. “I’ve heard the blade grass is a good barrier against the insects.”
“It might help to some extent,” a knight says. “Yet, this will make the air difficult to breathe for us. It will also give our archers a hard time. They will not be able to spot and repel the enemy efficiently.”
Moriel listens to their talk, gathering information bit by bit. New structures spread inside his brain, ready to become words. He lets his subconscious mind analyze everything that can be of practical use. His mind, trained for so many years to process facts and data, will generate a solution soon. Meanwhile, his thoughts continue to wander back and forth.
It’s still beyond my comprehension how such a distant place, a world from a double star system, can have plants, animals, and people almost identical to my world. Almost. The humans on this planet are genetically compatible with us, yet there are subtle differences between our two species. Are they caused by their environment, their way of life, or perhaps by their culture?
There is no obvious explanation for this situation. As a species, these people are our twins. How can they look so much like the people on Earth? And why do we share the same DNA? Even the structure of their musical language is similar to most languages spoken on my home planet. Do we have a common origin? Has there been a time in the past when all humans shared one location? Is DNA the brick of life everywhere in this Universe? Shall we ever know the truth?
I have only been here for half a year but already feel I have become a Dorian. As the king’s sworn brother, I’m supposed to protect these people because they are now my people, too. I was already responsible for them and for this whole planet from the day I began crossing the interstellar void in the long journey that brought me here.
Around him, the discussion goes on. Men and women sitting on the floor speak out their minds, arguing for or against various methods of attack and defense. There is enough data now to come with a way out.
He stands up, drawing everybody’s attention. The chatter dwindles and turns into sporadic whispers. All the people in the hall turn their heads in his direction. They are waiting to hear his words.
Moriel is still silent, displaying a preoccupied expression. A few more moments pass, and now everybody is quiet. They know it. They feel it. He has just found an answer, a plan to repeal the imminent threat. Moriel embraces them with a warm gaze and speaks with a confident voice:
“We have to attack them first.”
The peoples’ faces produce surprised expressions. The chatter quickly fills up the hall again, reflected by the white marble walls, sending echoes back and forth under the arched ceiling.
“We want the wasp nests destroyed before they land inside the stronghold,” the commander says. “Does anyone know what makes the insects more aggressive?”
“The smoke of red basil might do it,” an old physician replies, wondering about this counter-intuitive solution. Why would someone want the insects to be even more aggressive? However, he prefers to keep these thoughts for himself and waits for Moriel to continue.
“If I remember correctly, we have enough dried supplies of these plants. So, here is my plan: First of all, we shall take a few dozen arrows and wrap their heads in red basil. Then we ignite the herbs and shoot at the wasp nests, filling them with smoke. If we can stir the insects inside the enemy’s camp, they will turn against their owners instead of harming us. Hopefully, the fire will also burn the nests down.”
The commander goes on:
“We don’t know where they keep the nests, so we can’t shoot the arrows from here. And even if we knew, we couldn’t reach the far side of their camp, which is their most likely location. It’s necessary to pay a visit to the enemy, to step inside his defenses. We need to burn down the nests. All of them, if possible. I shall lead the operation myself.”
“How can we enter their camp undetected? Are we going to disguise ourselves to look like them?” a young knight asks.
“Yes, otherwise we shan’t be able to get close to our targets. If my memory is not mistaken, we have some of their equipment and weapons in our armory, captured during the previous great summer. They are not perfect but should be adequate for our short incursion.”
Everybody agrees with the plan. The people leave the hall and begin the necessary preparations for the attack.
♣
In the cold light of Ephyr, the fog’s motion changes course. Now it flows downwards again, slowly sliding along the uneven ground. Taking advantage of a thick bamboo grove placed between the Citadel and the enemy lines, a group of warriors is crawling out of a secret gate hidden behind a bush, just outside the walls. Once out in the open, twenty knights and one priest walk briskly towards the invader’s positions. They are dressed like the Hadar, carrying swords, bows, and arrows similar to those used by the enemy.
A dozen catapults are lined up inside the Hadar camp, ready for action. But it seems they have delayed the attack until morning, when the insects will be more aggressive. The nests are probably still in the big boxes from the covered wagons, most likely in some area farther away from the fortress.
The incoming Dorians look like the Hadar. Because the invaders from the south have a brownish complexion, the intruders have darkened their faces with pine oil. They pretend to be returning from a trek of exploration and hunting. One of the men carries a dead fawn on his back. The priest is the only one who speaks the Hadar language. He leads the squad, followed by Moriel.
Many paths leading behind the siege line are not well guarded. The enemy’s confidence in the incoming victory is reflected in his relaxed attitude. He only keeps careful watches over the main checkpoints. Large segments of the front perimeter are unfortified. The soldiers don’t need to recite passwords when going in or out.
With a casual attitude, the men cross the camp’s edge through a secondary checkpoint. Then they walk toward the most likely location of the wagons. They are so inconspicuous that nobody throws them a second look. Most Hadar soldiers are asleep, anyway. The Dorians split into smaller groups and keep searching for their target. They move around tents and carts until someone is going to spot the boxes containing the nests. A few uneasy minutes pass as the tension builds up.
At last, they find the big dark crates with the nests. Small circular openings that allow the wasps to fly in and out mark the wooden boards. The insects have to be all inside now, sleeping. Their keepers must have fed them well and probably used the fragrance of specific plants to prevent the wasps from attacking the soldiers.
A furtive signal reunites the squad. The men draw closer to the target, near a group of fires burning nearby. Soon, they ignite their own next to them, preparing to roast the fawn. The quivers with arrows are taken off and lain close, ready to be used when needed. Up in the sky, a large cloud is getting closer to Ephyr. It will soon cover the second sun, sinking the whole valley into partial darkness. That would be the perfect time to launch the attack.
Moriel spots a big tent in front of him, perhaps belonging to a highly-ranked officer. A few moments before the cloud is due to cover Ephyr, he stands up, making an inconspicuous gesture towards his men. There is a burning twig in his hand. While directing his steps towards the latrines dug at the back edge of the camp, he discreetly ignites the canvas when passing by.
Little hungry flames begin to eat from the dry fabric and quickly spread over it. Moriel pretends not to notice what’s going on and walks a few more paces ahead. Moments later, the tent behind him has turned into a giant torch. Terrified shadows are jumping out of it, coughing and screaming. Using one of the few words he can say in the enemy’s language, the commander starts shouting: “Fire! Fire!” and runs back towards his men.
“The Dorians are here!” the priest yells a few seconds later. “Watch out! They are dressed just like us!”
Panic spreads around like a crashing wave. Giddy people are coming from all directions, tired from the long weeks of marching that brought them to this valley. They run in circles, shouting and bumping into each other. Some are alert — others have barely awakened from their slumber. Some are sober — others are drunk. Some are without weapons — others are armed. But almost all are too confused to get a clear idea of what’s going on.
On the other hand, the Dorians are ready. Moriel’s men instantly slay two Hadar soldiers while he strikes down a third with his short sword. The fire spreads fast to the other tents. Thick smoke fills this part of the camp. Disoriented, the Hadar start fighting each other while the knights shoot their burning arrows towards the wagons loaded with the wasp nests.
“The Dorians are retreating to the fortress!” the priest shouts again. “Don’t let them escape! Chase the enemy!
Moriel and his men wait motionless while small groups of soldiers run through the camp at full speed, pursuing an invisible foe. Scores of Hadar troops follow them soon. Nobody knows where the enemy is. No one can find him. Caught in the sharp claws of fear, the men are charging blindly at the shrubs from the Citadel’s hill.
In the meantime, the group of Dorians is crossing the camp towards the checkpoint where they have entered. They seem to be chasing the mysterious attackers, too. Nobody tries to stop them. Soon they leave behind the Hadar wagons, tents, and soldiers.
Now, the enemy begins to realize the truth and attempts to catch up with Moriel’s squad, but it’s too late. As the Hadar soldiers are nearing the stronghold’s walls, the well-trained archers from the towers shoot them down. Suffering heavy losses, the invaders have to make a hasty retreat to their camp. And right then, the hell breaks loose over there, with the furious wasps stinging everybody who has the terrible luck to be in close range of their nests.
Shielded by the tall stone defenses, the people from the Citadel get their catapults ready. More archers are lining up now behind the walls. Taking opportunity of the higher ground, the Dorians launch burning pieces of wood and well-aimed arrows into the front edge of the Hadar’s camp. Their attack spreads even more death and panic among the enemy lines.
“I bet they didn’t know we could shoot our arrows so far away,” Moriel says, laughing loudly.
“They are going to learn a lot of new things about us these days, most of them in the most unpleasant way,” the priest replies, a wide grin spreading on his face.
In the pale light of Ephyr, the whole valley is now shining brighter among dozens of deadly fires.
♣
At dawn, the enemy moved away from the fortress. Still, the siege line remains unbroken. For the people inside the Citadel, the night attack has reached its purpose. The wasp nests have burned out. The dangerous insects are gone, and so is any chance of a quick, overwhelming assault. However, such an incursion won’t work a second time. The invaders don’t take any more risks, carefully guarding now all the checkpoints.
Hundreds of barbarians must have died from wasp stings, arrows, and fire burns before Zephyr rose again into the sky. Nevertheless, this makes only for a tiny fraction of their troops. The Dorian’s success was a symbolic victory, only meant to buy time and respect from their foe while waiting for reinforcements. The people from the stronghold know it. The invaders know it, too.
Out in the open, standing in front of the Citadel’s gate, Moriel watches the enemy troops, still waiting for a sign from his king. Despite his exposed position, no Hadar soldiers attempt to attack him so close to the walls. The invaders know they need a better plan to succeed and will take their time working on it. A few quiet days will follow. Then, if nobody comes to help the people sheltering behind the tall walls, the hell will break loose.
They are getting organized after last night’s disaster. That’s good for them and bad for us. We need to provoke the enemy to attack sooner, hopefully in a reckless manner. How can we stir these people to start an immediate, senseless assault?
Well, I think there is a way to do it. The Hadar have this god of theirs, a god they revere as the supreme ruler of the Universe. A god who despises the peaceful people of this continent and pushes his followers to pillage and enslave them in his name. For me, such a god deserves no respect whatsoever.
What better trick to make them excessively angry than by insulting their supreme divinity? I’ll ask our priest to teach us the worst Hadar insults. Then we shall come to the walls with a shouting choir, cursing their god until the invaders lose their temper and charge towards the Citadel like a herd of angry bulls. They’ll be the perfect target practice for our archers.
Yes, this plan should bring them a few more days of quiet. It would inflict the barbarians another dose of fear and pain, allowing the people from the Citadel to wait undisturbed the arrival of the relief troops. Moriel is smiling. He and his men are going to have a good time tonight.
I feel a presence nearby. A small being, probably an animal, is coming closer, searching for me.
His keen awareness, enhanced during so many years of hard training on Earth, keeps him always ready. A few steps away, the dark leaves from a branch begin to rustle. Climbing down from a tree, a brown squirrel approaches the man with hesitant moves. The little animal looks scared, but an irresistible power draws it closer.
“Mo-mo-mo-Moriel?” the creature coughs in a tiny, squeaky voice full of fear.
It talks in the Eso language. This is the only type of communication that people, some birds, and some animals can share to an acceptable extent in this world. The words are all high-pitched and distorted but still recognizable.
“Yes, I am Moriel,” the man answers in the same tongue.
The squirrel will now announce the message as it was imprinted by the sender into its brain, under hypnosis:
“We have received your request for help. We tried replying by air, but the Hadar killed all the Rota birds. Then we sent a human messenger, but he could not cross their camp this morning and used a squirrel to deliver our words. We already have a few hidden scouts in the valley, and the royal troops are only three days away. Ten thousand Dera soldiers and two thousand knights are coming by boat along the Arion River. They will attack the south-west side of the enemy camp in four days, at noon. Be ready to synchronize your battle plans accordingly.”
The little animal is quiet now. Some of its fear has faded away. Its enhanced empathy can feel the commander’s emotions. The aura of friendship surrounding the man calms down the squirrel’s heartbeats.
“Come with me,” Moriel says. “As a reward for your good work, I shall give you all the food you can eat. You can also stay in our fortress for as long as you want. Come! Don’t be afraid!”
Still hesitating, the squirrel continues to stare, motionless, at the man. However, it changes its mind a few moments later and climbs on his shoulder. The gates of the fortress open, and the commander disappears behind the thick walls of stone.
♣
Zephyr has set again behind the snowy peaks, leaving this part of the world wrapped only in the soothing light of Ephyr. The Hadar camp still fills the valley, squeezing like an iron ring the hill dominated by the Citadel. From the highest point of the watchtower, Moriel is inspecting the preparations of the enemy troops. This time his face displays a confident expression.
While the invaders worked hard all day to repair the damage from their camp, the people inside the fortress had a good rest. Now they are lined up along the thick walls, getting ready to anger their foes with a choir of curses against the evil barbarian god. Moriel is grinning.
The siege won’t last long. Soon, very soon, we can start preparing for the real war.
The commander stretches his arms to the sky as if trying to touch the scattered clouds from above. A moment later, a blue butterfly lands on his right index finger. Moriel lowers the hand in front of his eyes and watches the insect intently.
You wanted to inform me that everything is going to be all right? I already know that. Thank you for your concern and your visit! Take good care of yourself, little friend!
The butterfly takes off, disappearing into the valley below. Moriel turns around and opens a wooden door, preparing to descend towards the line of defense placed on top of the main wall. A wet wind carrying the salty scent of the ocean hits his face.
Rain and wind surround me for a moment, then everything turns into a quiet blackness. A curious sensation is pouring over me as if I were falling asleep and waking up at the same time. A few moments later, I find myself floating freely, immersed in a luminous, blue liquid. I’m surprised to find out that I can breathe normally, despite the lack of air. For some unknown reason, the refraction index of this substance is close to that of air, allowing my eyes to stay focused and see around clearly.
I’m in the center of a sphere about twenty feet in diameter. A network of hexagonal mirrors marks its surface. At a more careful look, the mirrors seem to reflect my naked body. However, all of them display it in postures that don’t match my current one. My image appears on the reflective material with a delay varying from a few moments to perhaps a few minutes. As if I were living simultaneously dozens, no, hundreds of lives.
What am I doing here? Is this another dream, or is it the real world? The mirrors are getting darker, and the chamber is gradually filling with a red light.
I think I was not supposed to wake up here. This must be an unexpected incident, not foreseen by those who have brought me to this place. The liquid’s pressure is increasing, numbing my senses and thoughts. A few moments later, my vision becomes blurry, and I lose consciousness.
In a few rare instances, knowing happens directly. But in most cases, it is revealed gradually, adjusting to the level of understanding present inside the recipient. More often than not, it takes years of struggle until a sudden revelation gives meaning to the newly achieved information.
♣
A wave of cold and pain is piercing my body. I need a few moments to understand where I am while hanging tightly from the mast’s cordage in a fragile balance above the angry ocean.
The storm is lashing my face. Exhausted, I’m climbing down the mainmast, moving away from the dark sky. Flashes of lightning are slicing the wind and rain. The ship’s motion shakes my body back and forth while my muscles are shivering from the strain, bathed in a cold curtain of water.
The last vision was even more unusual than the first two. All those warriors, dragons, and talking animals lived in a world a lot like ours. Yet, at the same time, that realm was quite different from everything I have ever seen. I lift my head for a moment and peek at the top of the mast again. The green halo of light is gone. I don’t know how long I’ve been up here, but it felt like three lifetimes.
There is a burning pain in my left shoulder. Perhaps it has been caused by one of the lightning flashes. I check the shirt’s fabric. It’s torn above my left deltoid muscle, and I find an irritating spot on my skin there. I’ll take care of it after I reach the deck. My body is barely obeying my brain’s commands while I continue my descent along the cordage.
Dizzy and shaken, I finally manage to get down from the mast. A wave of nausea assaults me as soon as I step onto the wet boards. The whole Universe is spinning around me, faster and faster. I try to brave my condition and attempt to walk unaided towards my quarters but without success. Two steps later, my legs refuse to carry me farther, and I collapse on the deck.
Oblivious to my suffering, the wind and rain continue to batter my inert body as it is tossed back and forth by the violent rolling of Excelsior. Soon, I can feel strong hands grabbing my arms and legs and carrying me to my cabin. My field of vision is narrowing even more, and I plunge head-on into a deep abyss of numbness. Fortunately, this time it is a quiet and comfortable numbness. And I’m grateful for it.
Becoming one with the sea. Becoming a lake…
My thoughts are fading away, dissolving into an endless void.
♣
I wake up in my bed, bathed in the warm light of the Sun. The rolling motion of the ship is barely noticeable. I’m alone in the cabin, and it seems we have good weather again.
How long has it been since the storm ended? A terrible headache is tormenting me. Otherwise, I feel noticeably better. I decide to go on the deck and try to push myself up into a sitting position. A sharp pain cuts immediately through my left shoulder, and I find out it’s wrapped in a tight bandage.
The memories of my visions from the mainmast are gradually coming back. I roll onto my right side, avoiding leaning on my wound, then reach the floor with my feet and lift up my torso. The pain is bearable now. I stand up without haste and get dressed. My poor physical shape forces me to do everything with slow movements.
Several minutes pass by until I finally squeeze my feet inside my boots and manage to climb the narrow ladder that leads to the deck. Here I take a few shaky steps back and forth, breathing the fresh air and almost bumping into the captain a few moments later.
The captain is glad to see me walking unaided and in good spirits. I learn from him that three days have passed since the storm ended. During this long slumber, my whole body was in a state similar to hibernation. My temperature was low, and my pulse had slowed down. The ship’s surgeon, with whom I share this cabin, took good care of me. He bandaged my wound and massaged my arms and legs several times a day to keep my blood circulation running.
The captain also mentions that something odd happened when I was up in the air during the storm. Several crewmen said they had seen me vanishing for a moment or two, right after each lightning strike that hit close to me. However, because a few moments of darkness followed each electrical discharge, it was hard to check whether I was really gone. And, in any case, I’ve spent less than a minute next to the green halo.
The hurricane did not significantly harm our vessel. Nobody lost his life, and no one was seriously injured. As soon as the weather was good again, Excelsior raised all sails and continued her trip towards the Southern Seas. It took the crew only a day and a half to fully repair the damage made by the storm. The captain’s plan worked fine: we shall arrive at our destination earlier than we thought. Probably by one day.
So, today is October 16. While the ocean’s water keeps flowing along the hull of our ship, I grab something to eat. Then I write down my thoughts in my log. I include here the strange dreams as vivid as life, apparently generated by the lightning strikes. They all seem to share a loose connection, but I’m having difficulties in finding it. I’ve got a strong feeling that something important is hidden inside these dreams. Perhaps a message for me.
Why did I go through such an unusual experience? Based on how hard the flashes of lightning have hit me, I should be dead. Yet here I am, not even seriously injured. What was that green halo of light on top of the mast? Why did I perceive a slowing down of time after each lightning strike?
Questions keep coming, one after another. Yet, no matter how hard I’m looking for answers, they are nowhere to be found. In the end, not all the things we experience feature a rational explanation. Sometimes we have to accept the facts as they are and move on.
Several hours later, the headache is alleviating, and the shoulder pain dwindles to a minor nuisance. After a copious lunch, strength gradually returns to my body. And so, I re-enter my active duty in the evening.
Showered by the rays of the setting Sun, the prow of Excelsior is splitting the waves with the familiar hissing sound. The crewmen not on duty play card games or tell stories to each other. The journey has become routine again.
♣
October 21 — The Southern Islands slowly rise above the dark-blue horizon as we get closer. Lush vegetation covers them almost completely. Tall rocky cliffs surrounded by mist fill most coastal areas. At the edge of a narrow bay, a human settlement emerges in front of our eyes. The surrounding land climbs abruptly from the waves, in some places up to a thousand feet.
The Sun is setting when Excelsior slides into the harbor’s clear waters. Six ships, two of them from the southern lands, are anchored at the quay. Cozy houses cover the slopes around the shore. All the buildings are made of white or gray blocs of stone, displaying a rustic elegance. The colors of their roofs are red, yellow, or blue, making the settlement look from afar like a giant garden. The roads near the pier are wide and clean, paved with dark granite rocks.
The town people welcome us warmly. A small crowd hungry for news from the continent gathers on the shore as soon as we lower the anchor. When I set foot on solid ground, dozens of men and women engaged in animated conversations have already filled the pier.
The commander of the fort invites our captain, the officers, and the masters for dinner. After eight days at sea, we are more than happy to enjoy the delicacies from the tropics. The locals set a long table on a granite terrace, and we dine surrounded by fireflies under the bright stars of the southern sky.
♣
At sunrise, we begin unloading the ammunition and food supplies for the fort. We finish this job right before lunch. Then, most of the crew is free. I chose to spend my afternoon wandering around the town.
As I stroll through narrow streets paved with red cobblestones, I glimpse the open door of a small bookstore and decide to take a look inside. A tall man with a white beard salutes me with a bow.
“How are you, sir?” he says. “Anything specific you are looking for, or you’re just curious to browse the merchandise inside?”
He talks with a northern accent, making me wonder what has pushed him to leave our land and open a bookstall in such a place.
“Good afternoon!” I reply. “I’m curious to see what books I can find in a store from such a remote location.”
“You’re right, this is an isolated spot,” the man says. “However, ships from many parts of the world pass by, with their people selling and buying books and maps. You are going to be surprised how many such items can end up here.”
Indeed, books and maps fill the shelves that cover the walls. Some present the specific wear and tear from years of repeated use, but most are new. I pick up a couple of volumes, browse them quickly, then put them back. I’m impressed by the high diversity of the inventory. However, even if enough ships visit this settlement, probably one every few days, I doubt most of them carry books and maps for trade.
Either this collection had been growing for many years, or someone brought here a large load of printed materials in a single transport. As most items don’t look so old, the second possibility looks more likely. I take some books at random and check their publishing date. They are relatively new, indeed. Yet, why would someone fetch an entire library to an isolated group of islands? And who could do that? Books are neither the cheapest nor the most sought-up commodity here.
“It doesn’t make sense,” I begin, turning towards the seller. “How can so many books and maps end up in your store, in such a remote location?”
The man smiles, then he replies:
“Well, I have gathered them over a long time.”
I immediately know he is not telling me everything. So, I attempt to push him for a more detailed answer:
“I’m under the impression that most of your books were published less than a decade ago,” I drop a hint. “Someone has brought a whole library of books in here. A full load of books on a single transport. Is that true?”
The seller continues to smile, but he doesn’t answer my question. Sometimes the silence is an answer, too. It won’t help to further press him, so I mumble an apology for being too inquisitive and turn my eyes back to the shelves.
Most books in the room are about navigation, anyway. Some of them are written in other languages. There are also novels, poems, or almanacs. I continue my visual exploration and soon realize I shall find nothing directly related to my interests: science and technology. Well, I suppose this store was still worth a visit.
I thank my host and prepare to leave. And then I spot a small volume bound in dark brown leather and lying on an upper shelf. A name shines on the spine, printed with thick golden letters: Chuang Tzu.
Could this be happening? Am I looking at the works of the great thinker translated from Chinese? I open the book with a trembling hand, skip the preface, and begin to read the first chapter:
One: Playful Wandering
In the Northern Ocean, there is a fish whose name is Kun. This Kun is huge, measuring I do not know how many thousand li. He turns into a bird named Peng. The back of Peng measures I do not know how many thousand li. When he rises and flies off, his wings are like clouds hanging over the sky. When this bird begins to move over the sea, he sets off for the Southern Ocean. The Southern Ocean is also known as the Lake of Heaven.
I heard of the great philosopher on several occasions but never had the chance to read his works. I’m delighted to see this masterpiece translated, apparently by a missionary who has spent several decades in China. The book was even printed in China by an obscure publishing company totally unknown to me. The print and paper are of the best quality. Something tells me this is a limited edition. I have stumbled upon a rare book, a gold mine of wisdom and knowledge. I want it.
I turn to the seller and inquire about the price. He asks for a relatively large amount of money. I haggle with him for a while. In the end, the man halves the sum, and I buy the volume. It has cost me half of my monthly salary, but I’m still happy to have access to such rare knowledge.
Most people familiar with Chuang Tzu think of him as being a follower of Lao Tzu. However, he was an original thinker. Sometimes, his ideas didn’t entirely agree with those of the man regarded as the founder of Taoism. Throughout his book, Chuang Tzu underlines the limits and the relativity of rational understanding. Small and large, good and bad, human society and nature, all are more often than not just arbitrary conventions for the Chinese sage. Instead of promoting a moral life focused on duty, like Confucius, Chuang Tzu preached a carefree existence beyond rules and laws, in harmony with the Way.
With the new volume in my pocket, I walk to the highest point of the Island. A narrow path through the forest takes me up to a flat area free of trees. From here, I have an almost unobstructed view in all directions.
The other two islands mark the scenery towards west and south, like the hulls of two giant ships anchored in peaceful waters. The ocean’s color is striking — a deep blue with a green tint spreads in all directions until it touches the skyline. I spend the rest of the afternoon reading and only return to the port at sunset.
♣
Two days later, on October 24, Excelsior rises anchor for the return trip. It’s a pleasant sunny morning. The military personnel who have ended their rotation here are heading back to the mainland as passengers on our brig. Overall, the wind hasn’t changed direction, so we’ll have to take a longer route on our way home, mostly sailing against it this time. The islands are soon fading away in the mist, sinking into the waters behind the stern.
Whenever I’m not on duty, I continue to read from my new book. The beautifully printed letters flow around me like spirals of light. They mix with the ocean’s waves and slowly pour, as through a funnel, into my soul. Chuang Tzu’s words are changing me. They’re also changing the sky and the ocean. The whole world is subtly transforming into something else in a manner I cannot describe.
In the world’s quest to be in harmony with itself, where do I stand? Are my current actions following the Way? Is following the Way the same thing as doing the work of God? Are the Way and God the same thing? I suppose only time will give me some answers to these questions.
The journey back goes on without any notable events. After ten days, we enter the modern port of our city. It is the evening of the 3rd day of November. I have almost fully recovered from my injuries. My left shoulder still has a strange triangular greenish scar, headaches torment me once in a while, and my dreams are way more vivid than they used to be. But otherwise, I feel all right.
The crew is off duty for three days. Then the ship begins a patrolling trip along the coast in a mission that will last about a week. I’m also free until we raise anchor again. Tomorrow, I shall visit the art museum and check if anything interesting has shown up there. Then I plan to look for new titles in the bookstores and libraries around the city.
I should have been a scientist, not an officer in the Navy. However, when I look at my past, life has not given me many options. Yet, as I hope to climb in rank in time, I want to involve more science in my work. Eventually, I’d like to be in charge of a ship that sails as part of a scientific expedition towards far-away, unexplored realms.
♣
November 6 — The last morning before setting sail is spreading its wings to the horizon. I take a walk through the city along a street that crosses the southern market. As I pass a park, most trees bordering the walkway are shedding yellow leaves over my head and shoulders.
The market is a lively place, animated by crowds of merchants from many parts of the world. People sell the most diverse things, from bread and fish to clothes and weapons. Once in a while, you can discover here exotic items from places almost unheard of.
I notice an old woman dressed in a gray robe. She sits behind a dark wooden table covered by a cluster of silk scarfs. The colored items spread over the tilted surface shine like a rainbow in the warm rays of the Sun. The woman’s features look Asian. They stand proof that she used to be beautiful in her youth. When I pass by, her green eyes follow me with interest.
I bow my head slightly towards the seller and attempt to continue my walk along the crowded alley.
“Could you stop for a moment, please?” her voice breaks in with a pleasant tone. “You have an unusual aura around you and seem tormented by many questions.”
Despite her exotic appearance, she speaks with a classy accent used by the most educated people from the city. Why would she single me out from the large crowd of men and women who pass by? Do I look like a potential customer to her?
“You must be mistaken, ma’am,” I counter, shrugging and stopping for a moment. “I am an ordinary person. If some questions bother me, I don’t spend more time on them than other people do.”
Without waiting for a reply, I turn away and start moving, but her voice echoes again from behind:
“You have been touched by the green light, haven’t you?”
My feet halt with a jolt from their forward motion. I turn around and come closer to her stand.
“How do you know about it?” I say, caught by surprise.
She laughs, displaying perfect teeth:
“As I have just said, there is an unusual aura around you.”
I have no idea how she can see this so-called aura or what this aura is. Nonetheless, I have to give her credit for an impressive spirit of observation. She intrigues me, and I should like to find out what she knows about the strange phenomenon I have experienced during that storm. So, I say:
“You seem to know a lot about this green light. How come you are so familiar with it?”
“Do you have some time right now?” she says. “I’d like to show you a few things from my shop. You might find them interesting”.
Still hesitating, I sway back and forth for a few moments, then I make up my mind and decide to give course to her invitation.
“All right,” I say. “I shall come to your store.”
The woman produces a charming smile, and her green eyes brighten. She packs with expert motions all her items for sale, gesturing me to follow her. I offer to carry her bag as we start walking together. She accepts my help with a nod, and her smile widens.
Despite containing only scarfs, the bag is way too light. Even for silk, I find its lack of weight puzzling. I feel like I’m carrying an empty paper bag. What material are these scarfs made of?
Questions after questions are piling up in my mind. However, I choose to be patient for the time being and delay asking them until we reach our destination. We turn corners on narrow streets, climbing steep stairs in the old quarter of the city. As I introduce myself, I find out her name is Mei Hsing. It means “Beautiful Star” in Chinese.
Dry leaves pushed by the cool breeze rustle under our feet, like pages thorn from an old book. On a back street, we arrive at a door painted in black and green. Two silvery ideograms shine above it. Although most Chinese inscriptions are written vertically, this one has been set up in a horizontal line. It means Wings of the Sea. Mei Hsing takes a key from her pocket and unlocks the store’s entrance.
She opens the door, and we step into a warehouse with walls covered by shelves filled with fancy Chinese garments. The clothes display intricate patterns colored in red, green, and blue. A faint scent of cinnamon is floating in the air. A long bench lines the wall on the right, and a massive mahogany counter fills the left side of the room.
The wall facing the street has a single rectangular window with metal bars. A set of stairs goes up from behind the counter, probably linking the store to a room or an apartment upstairs. I suppose her bedroom is there. Two arched windows and a narrow door mark the back wall. They face a circular garden covered by red and yellow flowers.
My gaze drifts up, and I notice a painting hanging above the counter. It’s the portrait of a beautiful young woman holding a rose in her hand and smiling. Long black hair is spread behind her shoulders, framing an oval face with pale skin, arched eyebrows, big dark eyes, full lips, and a delicate nose. I have the feeling I have seen her somewhere before, yet I cannot recall where exactly. I shall ask Mei Hsing about the painting later.
With an ample motion of her right hand, the woman invites me to sit on the bench.
“Please, make yourself comfortable,” she says, taking the bag from my hand and placing it on the bench. “I’m glad you agreed to come here. So, let me go directly to the point: Do you have any green scars on your body?”
Taken by surprise by her direct question, I hesitate for a moment. Well, there is no point in keeping my wound secret. So, I decide to tell her the truth:
“I do have a fading scar on my left shoulder. It is shaped like a triangle. But how do you know about it?”
“I shall answer your questions later. First of all, please tell me how you’ve got the mark,” the merchant says.
I begin a detailed account of my trip to the Southern Seas. I tell her about the storm and the lightning strikes. Then, I plan to describe the strange visions I had after each electrical discharge that hit me. Finally, I shall get to Chuang Tzu’s volume bought in the small bookstore from the middle of the ocean.
Time flows slowly, its passing marked only by occasional bird chirps from outside. While I talk, Mei Hsing steps behind the counter and starts the fire in a cylindrical metal stove. About fifteen minutes later, she produces a tray with a steaming teapot and two porcelain cups. She sets it on the bench. Then she pours the tea into the cups with expert motions and offers me one. I take a short break from my narrative, and we both take a sip from the steaming green liquid.
Clouds like white manes cross patches of sky framed by the tall windows as we finish our tea in silence. I set my empty cup down on the table and continue my tale. Mei Hsing never interrupts me, fully immersed in my adventures. About half an hour later, my story reaches its end. We sit silently on the bench for a few more moments as if a magic spell was in place, and any new words would damage it.
“Show me the scar, please!” Mei Hsing asks.
I obey, taking off my coat and shirt. Mei Hsing steps closer and looks at my exposed shoulder with interest. The triangular burn mark used to be quite dark a couple of weeks ago. Now, the green has faded a bit, and the skin has partly returned to its natural color.
“Do you still feel any pain there?” she inquires.
“Sometimes it bothers me, but not as much as in the beginning,” I reply in a low voice.
Mei Hsing continues to gaze at my scar in silence for another minute, absorbed in thoughts.
“This is related to the Island,” she decides on a resolute tone.
The emphasis on the first letter of the word “island” is so strong that I can literary hear the capital “I” in the name. Could she mean the famous Island from fairy tales, a myth still so widespread among the sailors?
“Are you talking about the Island from the legends, the mysterious place where gold was as cheap as wood?” I ask after a short pause.
“Yes, I do. And the Island is not a legend. I’ve been there myself, fifty years ago. You should know: that place is not in our world — it exists inside another reality. Sometimes, paths that connect with that realm open in unexpected locations. When this happens, people can travel on them and visit the Island.
“Almost all the men and women touched by the green light end up visiting the Island. Some come back. Some don’t. Someday, you will end up there, too. I’m telling you this, because it’s better you know in advance about the incoming journey. It’s better to be prepared when it happens. If you allow me, I should like to treat your wound so that it doesn’t bother you anymore.”
I try to say something but can’t find the right words, so I change my mind and stay silent. Mei Hsing produces a rectangular box from a drawer. She opens the lid, takes a small amount of green jelly from inside, and spreads it over the scar from my shoulder. As the medicine sinks inside the skin, I immediately feel a mild burning sensation followed by a pleasant chilliness.
A few seconds later, my skin has recovered its natural color. The scar is gone. Incredulous, I touch my shoulder. There is no scar on it, nothing to suggest I ever had a burn mark there. I reach into my pocket and take out a few silver coins, intending to pay for the treatment.
“No need,” Mei Hsing says, emphasizing her words with a determined gesture. “I didn’t invite you here to get your money. Your story was a payment in itself, and the information it contains is going to be very useful to me, too.”
I have no idea how she could benefit from my story, but I suppose this was her real reason for inviting me here. We certainly met under strange circumstances. An Asian woman with green eyes who sells silk scarfs made of unusually light silk has picked me up in the market to heal a wound on my shoulder that she couldn’t possibly know about.
“How can my story be useful to you?” I ask.
“I can’t tell you know, but one day you will find out,” Mei Hsing says.
“The color of your eyes is uncommon for someone with Asian ancestry,” I ponder, cautiously, another question.
“That’s because I come from an exotic region of Asia,” she replies with an intense gaze.
“And where is that region?” I press her for a more detailed answer.
“Near the tallest mountains in the world. It is a place few people from outside ever venture to visit. Let me show you something first.”
She steps again behind the counter and comes back with a small transparent sphere. With a solemn expression, she passes it into my hands. The object is heavier than expected and made of dark-blue glass. Her voice cuts in as soon as I get hold of the globe:
“Please look inside it!
I don’t notice anything unusual for the first few seconds. Then the sphere gradually catches a life of its own. I can see within its boundaries a city spread over the rocky slopes of an unknown shore. Palaces, parks, ivory towers, and houses with golden roofs shine in front of my eyes. Under a blue-green sky, sea waves crash onto a tall pier, and white clouds move across the horizon. The view is expanding, engulfing me, while the storeroom melts away.
Mei Hsing’s voice seems to come from a long distance, and I can’t understand what she says. Words from a foreign language similar to Latin punctuate her phrases. My eyes are closing with a will of their own. Did she put something in my tea? An alarm bell splits my thoughts, ringing with desperate persistence. Now she is preparing to kill me. Or she will tie me up, then ship me away to work as a slave in a remote country. I’m struggling for a few moments against the overwhelming drowsiness but without success.
♣
In the beginning was the light, and the light will continue to shine, dancing through the Universe after everything else has perished.
The sunlight caresses my eyelids in a gentle touch. I open my eyes and stretch my arms. It’s already late afternoon, and the familiar walls of my rented apartment meet my gaze. I’m in my bed, wearing only a pair of linen pants, with Chuang Tzu’s book lying next to my pillow.
How did I get back here? What happened after I looked inside the crystal globe? I don’t remember anything past that moment. I was there, in the store, with the old Asian woman, and now I’m here, in my room. Perhaps she has erased my memory through some exotic hypnosis technique? Or maybe I have dreamed about the whole thing?
My left shoulder feels pleasantly warm. I turn my head and examine it through the corner of my eye. The green scar is gone! As the days passed, it appeared more and more faded, yet I didn’t expect the mark to disappear for at least another month or so.
Was it erased so quickly by the sunlight while I slept here, dreaming about my walk through the city? Or did the old woman heal it for real with her mysterious ointment? There is no trace of medicine left on my shoulder, anyway. Even if there was something, it had plenty of time to be absorbed by the skin. The green ointment had no smell, so sniffing it is useless. A quick inspection of my shirt finds no trace of medicine on it, either.
There is only one way to find out what has happened. I remember the store’s address. If I haven’t dreamed of this encounter, the door with the Chinese calligraphy above it should still be there. I shall go there right now, find Mei Hsing, and ask her for more information. And if she’s not there, I shall check the southern market.
Thirty minutes later, I climb the paved road that goes to the mysterious store from the Old City. All the details are how I remember them from my visit this morning (or maybe from my dream). Walking on the narrow street facing the harbor, I search for the door with the Chinese calligraphy above it. However, when I arrive at the spot I visited in the morning, I find a grocery store in its place. Inside, a middle-aged man with a thick mustache sits behind the counter, selling bread, cheese, and smoked fish. He doesn’t have any customers right now. I go in.
“Good afternoon!” I say. “Do you know about a store selling Chinese clothes in this area?”
“No, sir! I don’t know of any such place,” the man replies.
My puzzled expression makes him add:
“I’ve had this business here for over twenty years, and I’m well acquainted with the whole neighborhood. There never was a store selling Chinese clothes on this street. However, there is a shop that might at least partly fit your description two streets down, closer to the harbor.”
I thank him and leave for the suggested address. The store is there, as described. Through large windows, I can glimpse inside it rows after rows of garments. They are neatly wrapped and occupy dark oak shelves carved with exquisite oriental characters. The clothes are similar to those I saw at Mei Hsing’s place, indeed.
A few customers, most of them with Oriental features, are examining the merchandise. A young woman who seems to be the seller, also Asian-looking, is standing near the open entrance, wearing a dark-orange dress. As I step towards her, she smiles and invites me in. Her voice has a melodious Chinese accent:
“Please come in, sir!”
I begin, tentatively:
“Good afternoon! Sorry for intruding, I’m actually looking for another store. It’s called Wings of the Sea and has to be somewhere around here. It belongs to an elderly woman. Her name is Mei Hsing.”
The seller pauses for a few moments, then responds:
“There is no such store anywhere in the city. However, someone with this name used to live nearby. Five, maybe six years ago, she had a little shop near the harbor. It was called Dreams of Silk. I was still a teenager back then, and my family used to occasionally invite her for dinner at our home. My parents would talk with her about trade, share gossip, and play cards. Her selling stand in the market was close to the pier.”
I guess that’s all I’ll ever learn about Mei Hsing. Well, it was still better than nothing. I thank the young woman for the information and prepare to leave.
“Wait!” she says. “There is something else. Six years ago, Mei Hsing told us she wanted to move back to China and start a new business there. She intended to sell western merchandise in Canton and thought she could turn this into a very profitable enterprise. She left at the end of November, and I’ve never heard of her again. I hope she is in good health and doing well.”
I thank the seller once more, take my leave from the shop, and sink back into the maze of streets that crisscross the city. Walking around the pier, I keep asking passersby about a nearby store named Wings of the Sea that sells Chinese garments. Nobody has ever heard of it, as expected.
After a while, I realize that any further search is useless. Yet, I continue to wander through the crowded alleys. I let my thoughts come and go like the clouds floating in the sky above until my heartbeats slow down and my soul finds some inner peace.
Three hours later, with my eyes reflecting the shimmering light of the first stars, I return to my room. Everything that happened today makes me feel like I have lived for a few hours inside another space and time.
The Asian woman and her store have vanished, and I can’t recall what she told me at the end of our meeting. Also, I didn’t have a chance to ask her about the young woman’s portrait from the wall.
I vaguely remember hearing Mei Hsing’s voice describing the Island and the city there while I was gazing intently into the dark globe. She talked about herself and my future, but everything she said had already been erased from my memory when I woke up in my room.
There are no more paths to follow. The only reasonable thing to do is to go ahead with my life, like before. Perhaps everything was a dream, after all.
A mirror reflecting another mirror. What would it show?



Part 2:
Butterfly’s Dream
alpha


 
New beginnings are rising before every beginning, and more ends are setting beyond every end.

Elessyos of Miletus



 
Timeless and mysterious like a beautiful woman, the Island lured and enchanted the imagination of many nations. Her southern city, dominating the sea from the high slopes of a rocky shore, had an elegance and sturdiness similar to the Greek cities from Antiquity. The locals, young and handsome, lived in imposing marble brick houses two or three floors high. Doric columns decorated most of these buildings, often wrapped in green ivy tendrils. The city looked at the same time old and modern, displaying a mixed fragrance of eternity and impermanence.
Streets paved with hexagonal blocks of granite intersected at right angles, dividing the urban center into regular segments. At well-defined intervals, plazas with statues, silver wells, and exotic trees filled the landscape with a symphony of shapes and colors. In addition, tall ivory towers made of hard stone guarded the city and its fringes from potential invaders.
Yet, more than anything else that defined her, the source for the Island’s fame and prosperity attracting, like a magnet, people from everywhere was the gold. It could be found in large quantities in every place, from her shores to the mountains nearby. The gold, in various alloys, made up the roof tiles, the frames and hinges for doors or windows, plates and cups, most tools, some weapons, and pretty much everything else that needed the use of cheap metal.
This place has been called in many ways by civilizations that flourished and withered within the flow of history. However, the names faded away under the relentless flow of time. The only appellation that endured was “the Island.”
You are not going to see the Island on any map, be it old or contemporary. When setting sail across the rough seas, the sailors only knew her approximate direction. No one could say exactly how large or how far away she was. Some dozens of miles off her beaches, the ships’ compasses would begin to spin back and forth. The constellations would become unrecognizable, and the Sun would often rise from an unexpected direction.
The only way to maintain the vessel’s course was to monitor the momentary direction of movement related to the Sun, Moon, or stars, even though all the celestial bodies looked different. Speed estimates could be done by periodically launching a chip log into the water over the stern. Then, the sailors left the logline out for a fixed amount of time and counted the knots that passed by the ship’s frame.
While this procedure worked well when navigating on a calm sea, powerful storms haunted this part of the ocean most of the year. The sky was often obscured by clouds, leaving no orientation benchmarks. The ships could never find the Island by themselves. It was the Island that would eventually allow some of them to reach her shores.
Hence, only about a dozen vessels could ever visit that strange place. Unsurprisingly, almost all had reached it in the rare instances the weather was good. Most of these ships also came safely back to their home ports, giving detailed accounts about their experiences. Had they not returned loaded with impressive amounts of gold, the rest of the world would have thought that the Island was only a myth.
Decades flew by, then centuries passed. The civilizations of our world progressed, the technology improved. Faster ships began crossing the ocean back and forth, cataloging and mapping every single piece of land, every single rock rising above the foamy waves. However, only the open sea met them in that part of the world where the Island was supposed to exist.
And so, a region of the ocean that used to be shrouded in mystery gradually became a place where dozens of transit routes for commercial vessels met. Nobody could explain the new situation. The common opinion arising later among scholars was that the Island had submerged into the liquid abyss during a powerful earthquake.
♣
The current year was 1795. Excelsior, a military brig with a crew of one hundred and twenty, was sailing along the coast, carrying weapons and ammunition to the northernmost fort managed by her navy. The weather was good, and the trip promised to be short and enjoyable. However, the ship failed to reach her destination, disappearing without a trace around June 12.
Preliminary searches found no wreckage or survivors, and it was assumed that Excelsior must have hit an uncharted rock. Perhaps the accident had happened at night, the ship sank too fast, and the crew could not launch the boats in time. Or maybe the vessel had encountered a powerful water tornado and got destroyed in a few minutes, before anyone had a chance to escape.
Nonetheless, three months later, more precisely on September 14, Excelsior unexpectedly sailed into her base harbor. She was in good condition and soon dropped anchor at the pier. Thirty-one crew members were missing. The rest of the men were in good health and ready to tell the world a most unusual story about a realm from a different space and time.
beta

 

The personal log of Alberto Shimada

 
June 11, 8 p.m. — Our journey has been quiet and peaceful so far. The sea is calm, and the weather is good. We have a steady wind from the stern and hope to reach our destination in three days. This afternoon, a group of eight dolphins escorted the ship for about thirty minutes. They were jumping in and out of the water, sometimes almost up to the height of the gunwale. I have always felt strange seeing the dolphins being so friendly towards us, humans.
As the second lieutenant on board Excelsior, I manage the crew’s shifts, the weather observations, and any science-related events that could be of interest during our expedition. However, I don’t expect to see anything unusual during this routine trip.
June 12, 10 a.m. — I have just been proven wrong about my previous log entry. At sunrise, the navigation compass began to spin back and forth, becoming ineffective for navigation. It seems we have encountered a local magnetic anomaly and are still under its influence. There is no shoreline in sight. All we can do is keep the helm straight and use the Sun as a reference for our orientation. However, the Sun will disappear behind a compact layer of gray clouds in a few minutes, making our task more difficult. Bursts of wind are intermittently hitting our sails from random directions. The captain has ordered the chip log launched from the stern for a speed estimate.
1 p.m. — Thunderclouds are gathering from the east. They are pushed by the wind towards us and look threatening. The sea is still calm, but we cannot avoid the incoming storm. Fortunately, the compass has stabilized back.
4 p.m. — Most sails are already stowed, ready to face nature’s fury. The wind’s strength has decreased for the moment, but it’s going to transform into a gale before long. The sky above is black, periodically sliced by lightning flashes. Even for someone who has seen plenty of sea storms before, we’ve got a terrifying view today. It is a realm where the hell itself appears to have switched places with heaven and is preparing to crash onto our heads. The sea surface looks glassy, covered by dark ripples that gradually turn into long rows of unfriendly waves. The rain hasn’t begun to fall yet, but soon will. A feeling of anticipation, like ahead of an intense battle, is reigning on the deck.
8 p.m. — The storm is at its peak. Huge waves are sweeping over our ship. The ocean from below and the rain from above meet on the deck in frantic turmoil. Mighty water fists are battering the hull from all sides. With difficulty, we can still approximately maintain our course. Several members of the crew suffer from seasickness, and I’m not far from it myself.
11 p.m. — Excelsior was fortunate and emerged from the bad weather with no significant damage. A flat calm surrounds us now. The sky is still covered by gray clouds. The wind has stopped, and the ship floats immobile in unfamiliar waters. No waves, not even small ripples, are disturbing the ocean’s surface, making it look like an endless mirror. The water is radiating a strange blue color, probably given by millions of tiny light-emitting creatures. We continue to wait for the return of the breeze.
June 13, 9 a.m. — The wind has started to blow again, and we are finally moving. What scared us this morning was the green tint of the Sun. The Sun seems bigger and paler, too. No one on board has ever experienced something like this before. I have no idea what atmospheric phenomenon can generate such strange effects.
I came on the deck with my sextant and checked the Sun’s angular diameter. Instead of the expected value close to thirty-two minutes, I’ve got thirty-nine. That’s too large by almost eighteen percent.
There is no way the Sun has grown bigger overnight. Everything in my mind refuses to believe that. I suppose a queer dispersion of light is to blame. I don’t understand the source of this green tint. It might be an unknown substance in the higher atmosphere, something that, when heated by sunlight, acts as a magnifying glass and makes the Sun look larger. But how does it do it? Unfortunately, I don’t have the slightest idea. Perhaps when we come back to the city, some scholar who knows more optics than I do can explain it to me. Soon after my measurement, the green tint spread over the whole sky.
2 p.m. — Our ship continues to sail towards the north. At noon, the man on watch called out from the main topgallant platform, signaling land. It’s an odd situation because we are supposed to have only open sea in this region. From the available facts, the only logical explanation is that we’ve lost our way while still affected by the magnetic anomaly. Perhaps the compass continued to point in the wrong direction even after it had stabilized back. Curiously, a latitude measurement at noon gave us a value close to the one expected.
The captain ordered a route change towards the newly found shore, as it is not too far away. Once there, we could hopefully identify the place and pinpoint our location. Then, it would be easy to take the vessel back on course.
The sky still has this unusual blue-green color. The Sun’s angular diameter is still thirty-nine minutes, as it was in the morning. I’d really like to understand how this green tint magnifies the apparent size of the celestial bodies. When the Moon appears tonight, I plan to check its diameter, too.
7 p.m. — The shore glimpsed in the early afternoon turned out to be an extended coastline. We reached it at around 4 p.m. As we came closer, a semicircular harbor with a tall quay appeared ahead. It looked as carved by the edge of a giant fan. Beyond the port, a picturesque city filled a landscape with rocky mountains in the background. Palaces, buildings with shiny roofs covered in ivy, and tall towers colored the view.
The city extended all the way to the ocean on both sides of the pier. It stretched over more than two miles as if holding the port in a protective embrace. The houses displayed an exotic architectural style, similar to the Greek cities from Antiquity, appearing at the same time imposing and elegant. Their walls seemed to be made of marble bricks. Looking at the towers, which were about one hundred and fifty feet tall, I wondered about their purpose. They all had circular platforms on top, perhaps designed to be used by archers. I counted twenty-five such structures.
I hadn’t seen any city like this before. None of us could recognize this place. None of us had any idea where we were now. As I was gawking at the unusual urban landscape, Excelsior cast anchor close to the pier. Two narrow mobile bridges soon connected her gunwale to the quay. Several wide roads made of hundreds of stone steps unfolded along the slope towards the high promontory.
“We shall find out soon what’s going on here,” the captain said, and about fifty members of our crew, myself included, went ashore.
I immediately noticed how shiny the roofs of the buildings were. They were made of yellow metal tiles that looked like gold. Of course, this was not gold because nobody could afford such an extravagance for a whole city. Or that’s what I thought at first, anyway.
Then I remembered the legend about the Island. I recalled my trip from the previous year to the Southern Islands and the surreal meeting (or maybe it had been only a dream?) with Mei Hsing, the elderly Chinese merchant. These memories made me freeze. What if the ancient stories were true? I looked at the captain’s face, and his expression showed me that he also knew where we were.
The natives, with features and skin color surprisingly close to ours, showed up on the pier wearing vividly colored garments, green being the most common. Most looked young and handsome, with only a few middle-aged people in the crowd. Through large gestures, they invited everybody to a Gothic-style palace situated a little farther uphill.
Dressed in a sumptuous blue robe and with a silver crown on his head, the local king was waiting, seated on a wooden chair. He was a tall man in his forties, with muscular arms and broad shoulders. Long black hair and a short beard of the same color framed his face. Under thick eyebrows, a pair of dark eyes with a piercing gaze revealed a person who liked to be in command. The nose, straight and narrow, a strong chin, and a mouth with thin lips gave him a distinguished appearance.
Behind the king, his palace with blue walls and hexagonal towers reflected the bright red of the sunset. The monarch smiled and motioned us to follow him on a terrace, where the locals had already set up long tables with foods and drinks. An interpreter who could satisfactorily speak our language stood nearby. Through him, the king welcomed us to his city.
The local speech had a musical sound and gave me the feeling that many of their words were of European origin. The language was probably close to Latin but also had noticeable differences from it. The words’ ends were confusing and prevented me from guessing the meaning of most spoken sentences. Was this a creole talk created from the languages used by those who had visited this place? Where had the Island’s inhabitants come from, anyway?
The king asked why our people had not paid them a visit in such a long time. The captain said what he knew from our legends. He explained how only about a dozen ships had found the Island and how this place could not be reached in recent times anymore. Almost everybody believed it had disappeared underwater after a powerful earthquake.
“Yes, every time people from your country come here, they complain how difficult it is for them to reach our city,” the king commented through the interpreter. “Then they want to trade almost all their cargo for our yellow metal. We shall be glad to do business with you, too. However, before that, please have dinner with us. We have prepared our best meal to honor your visit. I am confident you will find it delicious.”
The dinner was a real feast. The local food came in many courses, mixed with unknown spices and mainly based on fish and fruits. Everything we were eating had an exotic taste. When the night fell, they brought to the tables crystal globes that radiated a calming yellow light. And yes, all the cups, plates, roof tiles, and most of the metal objects I could see around me were made of gold or gold alloys. Could this place be a paradise on Earth? But were we still on Earth?
gamma

 

Date missing — A few days have passed since my last entry here. In the meantime, I have become a prisoner of this world. The paradise that had at first welcomed us with so much warmth to this shore became hell. I shall now put on paper the recent events while they are still fresh in my memory.
That night of June 13, the dinner at the palace looked like a gift from heaven. The captain, sitting next to the king, began talking about trade. We were going to be rich: so rich that none of us would ever have to work again. All the officers and sailors were happy and relaxed. Despite the widespread skepticism about the existence of this place, despite no recent known journeys to this El Dorado, we had actually found the Island!
After sampling all kinds of delicacies, I felt tempted to take a walk around. I was less interested in trade talks and more curious to explore the city. Therefore, I requested permission to go out from both the king and my captain. They kindly allowed me to wander around by myself but asked me not to carry any weapons while walking on the streets. I left my sword and gun in the hands of an armorer and strode out from the terrace. The rest of the crew continued to enjoy the feast.
I’d heard and read so many things about this place that I really wanted to take a better look at it, even from the first hours of my presence here. Nobody else from Excelsior offered to accompany me, and I didn’t ask anyone to come. I always like to see and discover new places on my own. Thus, I declined to take with me a local guide.
Soon, I was walking uphill on a boulevard paved with granite stones and lit on both sides by the same strange yellow globes. Most buildings I was passing were made of white marble blocks. They were massive and rectangular, with Doric columns marking their edges and ivy tendrils covering their walls.
An unknown species of reddish wood was used for the windows and doors, while the roofs, most of them double-sloping, were covered with gold tiles. Because gold is quite heavy, I assumed the tiles had to be made of clay or wood plated with a thin layer of this precious metal. I couldn’t check them from the street, anyway.
Some houses had only one floor, while the tallest displayed up to five. Gardens with exotic flowers and trees would sometimes separate the buildings every fifty yards or so. Once in a while, I could glimpse in the distance some of the white towers. At odds with the rest of the landscape, they glittered like giant fingers aiming towards the dark sky. I continued my stroll, getting all my senses filled up with the city and its atmosphere. This was my way of getting acquainted with a new place — its exploration on foot.
People dressed in long colored robes would occasionally intersect their paths with mine. Some of them would stare at me for a few moments, for my clothes stood out, but no one tried to engage me in conversation. Everybody’s hair was dark, their skin pale. The men were tall, athletic, and handsome. Most women wore their hair long, spread behind their shoulders. They were slender and had beautiful features.
While moving across the city, I found it curious that not a single old person was on the streets. Maybe the late hour was to blame? Perhaps the senior citizens preferred to spend most of their time indoors? Who could tell what other strange local habits existed in this place?
Walking towards the city center, I noticed how the slope’s angle was slowly decreasing. I felt like I was climbing on the surface of an enormous sphere. I soon stepped into a plaza at the edge of a plateau that connected the shore with the Island’s inner lands.
A statue of a man standing in a heroic pose dominated the scenery in the midpoint. He was holding in his outstretched right hand a broad sword. Of course, even this statue was made of gold. Or at least it was covered with a thin layer of this metal. There was an inscription in front of the sculpture, written in an unknown alphabet with rounded shapes. I could not read it, so I was not able to find out who the man was.
I crossed the empty square and walked towards a park that bordered the other side. The park edge was marked by short pillars of stone placed at regular intervals and painted in blue. Behind, narrow alleys paved with shiny black stones lined the ground, so I stepped on one, curious to see where it led. Trees similar to birches but with larger leaves grew everywhere. Here, I laid down on the grass in a clearing and looked at the sky. I gasped, gazing at the stars in astonishment and not understanding what was going on.
All the heavenly bodies and constellations so familiar to me were now completely changed, unrecognizable even to my eyes, well-trained in celestial navigation on both hemispheres. The legends about the Island had mentioned this phenomenon, yet I thought of it as only a metaphor. Now I was confronted with the stern reality. I could still see the white band of the Milky Way dividing the sky. Nevertheless, even this fuzzy belt of light was too wide, too bright. Everything visible up there appeared strange, foreign, and unsettling. Soon, the Moon, in its full phase, rose above the horizon.
It was an incredible large moon. I stretched my hand and compared the size of my fingertips to its diameter. The object from the sky was more than twice the size of the moon I knew. Its disk had a bluish tint. Its surface features, clearly visible to the naked eye, appeared entirely different. The dark areas occupied a smaller proportion than Earth’s Moon. I could also see a pair of almost-identical circular craters in the center.
That was the moment I realized we were not on Earth anymore. Lacking a better name, I shall still call it “moon,” dropping only the capital letter. And I will do the same for their sun. As for the locals, they would use, of course, capital letters for these names.
With my heart pounding, I decided to continue my exploration a little longer by walking deeper inland. The alleys faded away, and the park gradually turned into a forest. A scent of moss and dead leaves surrounded me immediately. I was stepping now onto soft, elastic grass, under trees with dark bark and crowns enveloped by eerie blue light. I could glimpse here and there, deeper inside the woods, unusual white elongated objects lying motionless on the ground. They were shaped like cocoons and seemed slightly larger than a human body. As if they were coffins.
I didn’t like this analogy pulled out from the deep layers of my mind. So I decided to come closer and examine the strange shapes, hoping to find something that contradicted my unpleasant thoughts. As my steps carried me farther from the city, I could see more and more white shrouds filling the forest. They were just large enough to enclose a person.
I soon found nearby a cocoon with fewer threads, not lying down but bent in the middle and with the upper half leaning against a tree. An old man, apparently naked, was wrapped in it, his features still recognizable behind the shiny material. I stepped towards him and stopped at arm’s length from the fuzzy shroud. The man’s eyes were shut. He seemed dead. Being now so close to him, I could see in the pale moonlight new white threads that slowly materialized in the air as if they were spun by an invisible hand. The cocoon was thickening.
I bent down to examine in more detail the silky material but refrained from touching it. At that moment, the old man opened his eyes and looked straight at me. His stare was more than I could stand. The uneasy atmosphere of this strange place blew up with full force into my face. I turned quickly away and began running back to the palace, crossing the park and the square in a hurry and descending then, like a storm, to the shore.
I wanted to be among my people again as soon as possible. I had to tell the captain about my new findings. The hands of my pocket watch showed it was already five minutes past 10. The streets were almost empty. In the silence of the night, the only sounds I could hear were my heartbeats and my hurried footsteps reverberating on the pavement. As I was rushing downhill, I glimpsed something like a giant snake rising from the king’s palace. It flew high above me and disappeared into the darkness.
♣
I was near the king’s residence now, breathing heavily from my long run. Hot drops of sweat were pouring along my forehead. Yet, something felt wrong here, too. The building was too quiet. The atmosphere had turned tense and threatening.
A few moments later, several gunshots shattered the silence. I saw dozens of local soldiers in red uniforms, armed with halberds and spears, pouring from the nearby buildings onto the street. It seemed a fight had broken out between our crew and the natives. Luckily, the Islanders didn’t have firearms. Thus, the captain and his men had a fair chance to keep them at bay. Unnoticed, I came a bit closer and waited for a short while on the other side of the alley.
The captain, followed by the first officer and the rest of the men, burst out through the open door of the palace. All held swords and pistols in their hands. A moment later, they knocked down the guards waiting in front of the king’s residence. Then my crewmates began running towards the quay, pursued by a large group of locals. I rushed after them, coming from behind as fast as I could, trying to shorten the distance that still kept us apart.
However, a squad of about fifty soldiers unexpectedly appeared from a side street, blocking my path before I had a chance to go any farther. I was unarmed, so I slowed down, pretending to be a local and trying to pass the troops by the roadside.
I had no luck. One of the officers looked my way and noticed my foreign uniform. He shouted something. Two men began immediately running towards me. The blades of their halberds were glittering in the moonlight, ready to kill. They were made of sharp steel, fully capable of cutting in half with a single strike an unarmed individual. I had to turn around and run back as fast as my legs could carry me.
A few dozen steps ahead, I saw my path blocked again by another soldier who was agitating a long spear in his hands. I couldn’t turn back, so I ran directly towards him. Then, when I was just one step away from his reach, exactly when he was preparing to strike my chest, I crouched and tumbled head-down onto the pavement. At the same time, I bent my knees and quickly rolled along the ground on my left shoulder and right hip. The sharp point of his weapon hit too high, missing me by about ten inches. My feet, ending the rotation, touched the ground again a fraction of a second later.
From my low position, I immediately sprang up in the air, too close for him to make use of his spear now, and grabbed the back of his neck with both hands. My left knee hit the man painfully in the stomach, throwing him immediately to the ground, where he fell like a bag of flour and remained motionless. The thought of taking his weapon and fighting my pursuers crossed my mind for a moment. But there were too many of them coming from the shore. Putting as much distance as possible between me and my chasers was the only realistic option to stay alive. So, I continued to run. The spear was too heavy to carry, anyway.
I could glimpse behind me more and more soldiers filling the road and moving towards the quay. It was only a matter of time until some archers were going to show up. Loud gunshots could be heard once in a while. Sounds of steel hitting steel cut the darkness. Cries of anger and pain filled the night.
Panting and coughing, I turned a corner, planning to get back to my ship by making a detour uphill. I intended to use less-crowded streets, avoiding any direct path at risk of crossing the battle area. I was also hoping to lose my pursuers in the process. It would take longer, but I still believed I could arrive soon and in relative safety at the shore. Right then, the cannons from Excelsior began shooting, their thundering noise shaking the darkness and the windows of the buildings near the pier. Before leaving the main street, I noticed several bodies lying on the ground. They belonged to the Islanders.
Threatening shouts and footsteps echoed nearby. I had to keep moving, turning right or left at every crossroad while the sound of the waves hitting the pier got louder. Gradually, the streets became narrower. Soon, I found my escaping path blocked by a dead end. Stopping here or turning back was not an option. I was clueless about what had caused the conflict. And, under the circumstances, I felt no desire to find out the root of discord between my men and the Islanders. Not before I was somewhere safe.
I had just narrowly escaped that spear strike a few minutes earlier. I knew I was going to meet my Maker if the soldiers surrounded me. At any rate, being unarmed didn’t give me any realistic chance of defending myself. My mind was searching desperately for a way out.
A balcony extended from a wall, right above and within my reach. Fear gave me wings. I jumped high in the air and grabbed its lower end, pulling my body toward its edge. When my chasers arrived at the scene, I was already on the housetop, running along a narrow crest covered with gold tiles. Fortunately, the tiles felt solid under my soles and weren’t giving way under my weight. Also, the roof slopes had been built at a low angle, and their surface wasn’t slippery. So, I could go on with my running almost as fast as on the streets below.
I continued my race to the harbor, leaping from a housetop to another. Luck was on my side this time: the buildings in this part of the city were two floors high and close to each other. They offered a useable route to the shore.
In the bright moonlight, I could now see the battle on the pier. Some of my people were lying down there, too. The survivors had already crossed the light mobile bridges that connected our vessel to the quay and were back on the deck. Our ship’s cannons bombarded the city’s exposed streets from the higher slopes, inflicting substantial damage to the enemy fighters. A thin cloud of white smoke surrounded her hull and masts.
A few squads of local soldiers were shooting at Excelsior with burning arrows. Yet, they were too far away to cause any harm. For an unknown reason, their archers were not using the platforms on top of the white towers yet. Maybe they hadn’t had time to climb there and hoped to catch us from a close distance while our ship was still near the quay.
Thousands of armed natives began advancing toward the pier, preparing to fight our crew with swords, spears, and arrows. Even though our weapons were superior, it was impossible to win a battle against so many enemies. The mobile footbridges were lifted from Excelsior’s gunwale immediately, leaving a wide gap between the quay and our ship’s hull. Right then, I glimpsed a few archers aiming in my direction. Luckily, they were not close enough to put me in any real danger. So, I kept running along the roofs.
I realized it was too late to go directly back to the ship. The area near the harbor was already full of enemy troops. Moving as fast as I could, I had to find another way out. Seen from the tops of the buildings, the city, with its long streets intersecting at right angles, looked like a giant board of go. A board where I was an isolated stone trying desperately to find allied connections that would bring me out of the enemy’s deadly trap.
I decided to take an even longer detour. I would run to the city’s outskirts and reach the shore there. Then, I would either steal a boat or jump into the sea and swim towards our vessel. If I wanted to succeed, I needed to move even faster. Time was running out. More and more shouts and footsteps were audible on the streets below, running parallel with my path. I could also glimpse now four or five soldiers trotting on the roofs behind me. My only option remained to keep racing, no matter how tired I was.
Hot sweat poured along my face and into my eyes. My chest hurt from the strain. I needed more air, and my lungs couldn’t pull it in fast enough. Yet, somehow I kept going. I had to be thankful for the past military drills. They had built up my stamina to a level where I could cope even with such a situation. My strength and endurance kept my hopes of survival alive.
I went on running and leaping from one roof to another, managing to prevent my pursuers from getting too close to me. When I finally arrived at the city outskirts, ready to jump on the ground and dash towards the sea, I saw Excelsior moving away at full speed.
I was still hoping to either get a boat or swim towards my ship. However, it looked like the locals had anticipated my intention. Squadrons of soldiers patrolled the coastline to the farthest suburbs of the city. To reach the shore, I had to pass them. And that was not possible.
From the towers flanking the pier, archers were shooting burning arrows at Excelsior. However, the vessel was already out of their reach, making good use of a light breeze blowing from the coast. There was no way I could get to the shore undetected. My escape plan had failed, and I was too exposed to the Islanders’ arrows on the shiny rooftop reflecting the moonlight.
♣
For a few moments, I considered surrendering to the natives and leaving my fate in their hands. However, on second thought, I still had no idea what had caused the trouble. From the violence of the battle, they might have killed me if I gave them the opportunity. Perhaps my people aboard Excelsior thought I was already dead. I couldn’t count on them rescuing me any time soon. With my pursuers so close, I had to improvise a plan to survive on my own for a while.
Before anything else, I had to move away from the city. Then I would try to find out what had caused the incident. I needed to act fast and make the enemy lose my tracks before it was too late. There would be no plan left if they caught me.
I jumped off the last house eaves into a nearby tree, then slid onto the ground and entered a forest that seemed to extend inland. At least here, in the woods, I didn’t have to fear the archers anymore.
A few burning arrows shot from the nearest tower hit the branches above me when I landed, proof that the locals were well aware of my current location. And they were getting closer, too. I had to make them lose my trail, and I had to do it quickly. Without delay, I dashed uphill along the slope, where I expected to fade away from their sight.
Running through a forest at night, even with such a bright moon shining up in the sky, can be a nightmare. More often than you’d like it, invisible branches hit your face painfully. Your feet stumble on rocks and roots you can’t see. Yet, you have no choice. You are forced to keep going, gasping for air with your mouth wide open and your clothes drenched in sweat. And if you win, the prize is your life.
My heart was hurting inside my chest. Its beats felt like a hammer hitting in high cadence the anvil from a blacksmith’s workshop. My visual field was shrinking. I was close to blacking out. But despite the pain, I pushed myself to keep running.
Soon, I found a narrow alley going inland. My speed increased slightly. As I was moving away from the coast, I expected to climb a gentle slope. Instead, the path was going down. A few minutes later, my common sense estimated that I was already below sea level. My lungs were burning, and I felt thousands of needles piercing through my exhausted muscles. Unfortunately, footsteps and voices of soldiers were still audible behind me, albeit farther away. I felt grateful the locals didn’t have horses. A group of riders would have caught up with me by now. The way things stood, I still had a chance.
I couldn’t allow myself to stop if I wanted to see this sun rising again. After an agonizing run that lasted more than half an hour, when the distance from my pursuers had increased by quite a bit, the forest ended abruptly. A swamp extended now in front of me, perhaps for more than two hundred yards, blocking any farther advance.
Panting, I slowed down and looked around. I could hear crickets chirping in the tall grass and frog calls coming from the water. Far behind the wetland, a rocky mountain ridge reflected the moonlight. I took my chances, plunged inside the marsh, and began crawling towards the cane bushes that covered large parts of it. Up to the neck into the muddy water, I prayed that my enemies didn’t find me.
♣
I spent the next two days deep inside the marsh, hidden among the thick canebrakes that were spread all over the place. All this time, the locals forced me to play a cruel game of hide-and-seek with my freedom and survival at stake.
As soon as I got into the water, I moved away from the bank and concealed myself the best I could among the lush vegetation. The soldiers arrived at the scene a couple of minutes later but didn’t follow me through the swamp. The canes and reed were full of water, so I was in no danger to see my pursuers burning them down in their attempt to reveal my location.
A few thermal springs flowed nearby, pouring their streams into the wetland. Their tepid water helped my body stay warm enough for the next few hours, preventing the onset of hypothermia. There weren’t so many mosquitoes here to torment me, and I thanked God for that. Still, to defend against their bites, I covered with mud all my exposed skin from neck, face, and hands, letting it dry and transform into a protective crust. Suffering from thirst, I had to take my chances now and then and sip some of the muddy swamp water. It had a mildly salty taste but was potable.
Harsh voices echoed from all directions. That meant I was surrounded. On the other hand, it seemed the soldiers had no immediate plans to step into the wetland. Instead, they were waiting for me to come out on my own initiative, pushed by cold, hunger, and fatigue. I resolved to wait until morning before attempting to escape. Fumbling around, I found a bundle of roots that could support my upper body above the water and began dozing a few minutes at a time.
At dawn, I realized the swamp was close to a riverbank. The body of water was perhaps one hundred and fifty yards wide. From my estimate, I had run north until I reached the wetland, so the stream ahead was probably flowing east. How could such a large river exist below sea level? And where would its flow end?
Squads of archers guarded the outer edge of the marsh. They were ready to pierce my skin with dozens of arrows if I was foolish enough to attempt swimming away through there. I was sure they had been watching that escape route all night. Staying put had proven to be a wise choice.
Just minutes after sunrise, the river bank was already full of soldiers. They even brought three light boats and began patrolling the fuzzy boundary between the wetland and the area with free-flowing water. I was appalled by their determination to catch me. Once in a while, the men would approach the swamp, rowing back and forth through the narrow canals fenced by cane and reed. However, none of them passed really close to the place where I was hiding.
The marsh was relatively quiet during the day, except for occasional shouts of soldiers, cricket chirps, and frog calls. The insects were scarce compared to what I expected to find in such a place. I would only see now and then dragonflies with bluish wings crossing the sky above me. Fish of various colors and sizes, and occasionally small snakes, moved back and forth underwater. To my relief, they left me alone. I would either swim or slowly crawl from one hiding spot to another each time I had a chance to change my location without being noticed by my hunters. When I wasn’t moving, I tried to conceal myself inside the canebrake.
My only escape path was to the other side of the stream, but I couldn’t possibly use that route right now. However, I counted on the archers getting tired of waiting for me there at some point. I was changing my location every hour or so, staying close to the middle of the swamp. To my relief, the mud was not thick, and I never got stuck in it. I also found a wooden log to keep myself afloat and out of the water from time to time. That allowed me to dry and warm my upper body.
The boats continued to patrol around and through the wetland for the whole day. I had to conceal myself even deeper inside the cane growth to avoid being captured. I spent the second night and the day after it in the water, shivering from cold and encircled by my enemies. Exhausted, I would let myself fall asleep for a few minutes at a time when they were not too close. The moon appeared in the sky a bit later than the previous night. Or so it seemed to me, anyway. It was already past its full phase.
When the sun rose again, I was getting close to my physical limit. Gritting my teeth and clenching my fists, I forced myself to remain hidden from the soldiers at least until dusk, praying for a miracle. My watch was still working. I was surprised to see that their day length was the same as on Earth.
In the afternoon, the sky became cloudy. My shivers worsened. I had to rely on all my willpower to stop myself from surrendering to the locals. Then, after sunset, heavy rain began to fall. The men in the boats retreated to the bank. I immediately realized that this was my opportunity to escape. Under the cover of darkness, I swam out of the swamp. Then I crossed the river. It was the beginning of the third night.
The river flow had an almost uniform speed, and I didn’t encounter any powerful currents. None of the soldiers saw me leaving the swamp, and none ventured after me. Even so, as soon as I was out of the water, I kept walking downstream for another hour before I finally felt safe. Suffering from hypothermia and exhausted from hunger and strain, I fell to the ground and lost consciousness.
delta

 

When I woke up the following morning, the warm rays of the sun were already caressing my skin. I tried to get up but was unable to stand. No sign of human presence was visible in this area. Only bare mountain ridges lined the horizon everywhere. A grim landscape wrapped in a queer beauty surrounded me. It was a scenery where, compared to Earth, everything seemed a bit out of place. Yet, I couldn’t point out what was different.
The city people had not come after me on this side of the river. I was relieved to be now beyond their reach. Perhaps they thought I had drowned in the swamp during the rain and abandoned their pursuit. Or maybe they were still guarding the place. In any case, I felt safe from them, at least for the time being. Why would the Islanders keep such a large army always ready for action, anyway? Were they afraid of an invasion from the sea? I knew so little about them and the Island!
The lack of food and sleep had made my body extremely weak. I was also tortured by stomach cramps and nausea, probably from the ingested swamp water. And now, in this heat, I was in danger of sunstroke, as well. On top of that, I glimpsed a few eagles flying in circles high in the sky. Perhaps they were waiting for my death so they could feed on my corpse.
Using the little strength I still had, I began crawling towards the shadow of a tree located about twenty-five yards ahead. I would faint now and then but would start moving again as soon as I came back to my senses. And so, I kept going towards that spot with the speed of a snail. When I finally reached the tree, it was almost noon. The sun was already burning my neck. As soon as I felt safe under the branches, I sank once more into a numbing sleep.
I opened my eyes again only when the evening shadows were already spreading over the ground. Part of the pain and nausea was gone. Yet, I was way too weak to walk. I noticed in the grass, next to me, several fruits similar to oranges. They had probably fallen from the branches above. I decided to eat one, assuming by its looks that it was not poisonous. Without food, I would have died anyway.
The fruit was nutritious and refreshing. Holding the orange in my trembling hands, I took small bites and forced myself to keep eating until I finished it. Then I grabbed one more and managed to chew slowly all its juicy pulp in another half an hour. Soon after that, I fell asleep again.
♣
June 17 — This is my second day on the northern bank of the river. I’m still exhausted from that night’s strain. All my body aches and feels like made of rubber. Yet, for the first time since I’ve left the swamp, I can stand up and walk, for my nausea and stomach cramps are gone.
What should I do now? Returning to the coast along the same path is not an option. Even if I could swim back across the stream, the other bank might still be guarded. Then, assuming I somehow reached the pier, I would be easily recognized and captured, this time not even having the strength to run away. I still cannot understand what ignited such a violent conflict with the locals.
It’s better to continue the trek along the river bank until I reach the sea. Rivers almost always flow to civilization. I could find food on the way and learn more about this land. Then I would go along the coast until I arrive at the city’s outskirts. That would be a safe route, for nobody would expect to see me coming from that direction.
I could walk, or I could use a raft. I don’t have the tools to build one right now, but maybe I shall find a friendly village along the way and get some help. There I would have the opportunity to switch my clothes with something used by the locals. Dressed like them, I could sneak back into the city without being recognized.
Tying together my coat’s sleeves and making out of it an improvised bag, I put inside as many fruits as it can carry. The fruits will help me keep both hunger and thirst under control for a while. Due to the unpleasant effects of ingesting wetland water, I’d rather avoid drinking from the river. I also pick up a dry branch and turn it into a long stick, using it as a cane.
My lack of strength affects my walking speed. Thus, I can barely cover one mile or so every hour. White birds fly above and dive every once in a while into the river, fishing. The scenery is rather dull. Blades of dark-green grass cover the ground like a carpet. Isolated trees are scattered here and there. I can’t see animals along the bank or on the surrounding slopes. No animal tracks are visible, either. The mountain ridge seems to go parallel with the stream. In a few places, long veins of gold are shining on rocks. This explains why the precious metal is so cheap here.
I have to take frequent breaks, and I use each of them to eat a fruit. My condition gradually improves, and my mind can think clearly again. I fumble through my pockets and inspect my possessions. My watch was damaged by water and has stopped working. Its glass is cracked, but its overall condition is not beyond repair. Hence, I shall keep it until I can make it run again.
Luckily, my notebook and pencils were well protected inside the flat wooden box from my chest pocket. They are undamaged. A small folding knife I thought lost has fallen into the stuffing of my coat. It will be both a valuable tool and a weapon. However, my flint and steel are gone, and I shall have difficulties starting a fire without them.
At noon, I’m taking a break from my trek and spend about an hour on the river bank. I remove my clothes and boots and clean them the best I can, given the circumstances and my incompletely recovered health. Then, while they are drying in the sun, I search for stones I could use to start a fire and find a few that look suitable for this job. When I hit them against each other, they produce sparks. I also use my knife to make a spear out of a long branch. Then I try to catch some fish with my new tool, but without success.
Checking for other available local resources, I glimpse some vines growing a few dozen steps away in the grass. I have no idea what kind of plant this is, but the vegetable fibers look sturdy enough. I cut off the longest ones and manage to knit from them a coarse basket that I can carry on my back, releasing my coat from this type of work. I take with me several more vines to be utilized later as ropes.
Later in the afternoon, I feel more and more energetic. My walking speed has increased to about two miles an hour. I find other trees with orange-like fruits along the way and fill my little basket with them. The valley is narrower here, the grass is almost gone, and mossy rocks cover most of the bank. Maybe it’s my imagination, but it seems the watercourse is becoming narrower, too.
When the night comes, I gather dry branches and leaves in a big heap. I start a fire by striking together my flint stones for a few minutes. Then I improvise a torch and try to do some fishing in the dark. My light attracts the fish to the surface, and this time I succeed in catching two. They look similar to graylings. While the fish are getting roasted above the flames, I discover a small spring pouring from a nearby rock. After dinner, for the first time since the feast on the palace’s terrace, I’m not hungry or thirsty anymore. Soon, I dive into the world of dreams.
♣
June 18 — The third day on the river bank. My body feels fully recovered and eager to continue the journey. I eat three fruits, fill the basket with more from a tree nearby, then get on moving at a brisk pace. I’ve got nothing that can carry water. Hence, I shall have to rely on every opportunity along the way to quench my thirst. I’ll drink from the river only if no other source is available.
After about an hour of walking, the valley becomes as narrow as the river itself. I’m surrounded by tall cliffs covered with scattered patches of moss. Stones and boulders are spread on the ground, slowing me down considerably. In the air saturated with mist from above, trembling rainbows take form and dissolve in a silent symphony of colors. The rock walls have an unusual blue tint, almost as if someone had painted them with a giant brush. Could this rock be a type of whinstone?
Both banks of the river are barren. The trees are gone. At noon, I take a long break and spend about two hours fishing. My spear-throwing skills have improved. This time I catch five river creatures: two salmons and three graylings. Cooking them takes another hour, and it’s already late afternoon when I get moving again.
The night seems to fall sooner in the narrow gorge. At sunset, I find a spacious cave and decide to sleep inside it. Some water drips from a corner of its ceiling. It is more than welcome to alleviate my thirst. I improvise a cup from the skin of one of my fruits to collect it. By happy chance, several thick bushes still grow nearby. Thus, I manage to gather enough dry twigs for a fire. After dinner, a deep slumber grabs me in its claws, and I instantly fall asleep.
♣
I’m sitting inside the cave, next to the fading flames, listening to the whispering voice of the river. Its flow generates rhythmic sounds that combine into a monotonous melody, reminding me of Excelsior’s prow cutting the waves. The waning giant moon has just risen. Suddenly, I feel someone’s presence nearby. Lifting my head, I discover the dark outline of a standing man.
He steps away, closer to the cave’s entrance, then turns towards me. The pale light of the dying fire unveils his preoccupied face. The second-in-command stands right here, dressed in his ceremonial uniform. This can’t be happening. Am I awake? No, I can’t be. I must be dreaming. However, dreaming or not, I want to hear his words. I think he wants to tell me something important.
“How come you are here, sir?” I ask, skipping any introductory remarks.
No answer.
“How did you find me? Am I close to the coast? Is Excelsior nearby? Am I awake, or am I dreaming?”
The first lieutenant only looks at me in silence. The scene feels uneasy, and my own words, echoing off the cave walls, sound as if coming from someone else’s mouth.
“You’re dreaming,” he answers in the end, taking a seat on a boulder from the other side of the embers.
I decide to be patient and remain silent, waiting for him to continue the conversation. For a while, we look at each other, and nobody says anything.
Then he breathes out:
“I just came to say goodbye.”
“What do you mean?” I reply. “Where are you going? Has Excelsior already left the Island?”
I was hoping all this time to escape from here, reach the coast, and find my ship waiting for me somewhere near. Now I feel the fangs of doubt biting my flesh. The first lieutenant doesn’t answer immediately. Another long silence follows. Then he goes on in a low voice:
“I was among the people who died that night. They call the place on the shore Ora Urbo, which means Gold City in their language.”
“This can’t be true,” I retort. “I thought I saw you next to the captain, crossing the mobile platform and returning to the ship.”
“An arrow pierced my back and damaged my aorta,” he says. “I managed to reach the ship’s deck, but died from the internal bleeding a few hours later, aboard Excelsior. The doctor could not save me.”
The cave fills with silence again. Even though I know I’m dreaming, I have all the reasons to take seriously what the first lieutenant has just told me.
“I’m so sorry about your life loss!” I say, feeling awkward as these words leave my mouth. “I had no weapons and could not even join the crew, for the locals surrounded and attacked me, too. They cut me off from the harbor, so I took a detour to reach the quay, but the enemy soldiers had also blocked that path. They didn’t even let me come close to the coast near the city outskirts. In the end, I had to run far away from the shore while being pursued deep inland. And here I am now, in this barren place, trying to survive on my own until I can get back to the ocean and to Excelsior.”
“This was my destiny, I suppose,” the first lieutenant continues, staring at the cave’s entrance as if he hasn’t heard my words. “My life was not so bad. In the end, sooner or later, we all have to go.”
“Then, can you tell me what happened at the palace while I was exploring the city?” I ask him, full of anxiety.
This time, he turns his face to me, awakened from his dream. His answer comes a moment later:
“Of course. The dinner feast was going on nicely. The king brought a few musicians with drums, harps, and lutes. They immediately began entertaining us with beautiful melodies, one after another. After a while, even his daughter, a charming young woman, showed up from her quarters and began singing a song herself. I suppose the local wine was starting to have a bad influence on some of our sailors. One of them took out his gun and released a shot in the air. The nearby palace wall amplified it into a powerful blast, almost like a thunder strike. Suddenly, all the locals, including the king, ran away.
“Petrified, we stared at the drunk sailor, almost ready to slap him. The captain scolded him vigorously and ordered him to leave the terrace at once. Our men saw this as a minor disturbance only and thought everything would quickly return back to normal. However, just moments later, something huge, shaped like a snake, came down from the sky and plunged over the entrance where the king had disappeared.
“Then we realized that perhaps this was the real source of their fear. From inside the building, the king’s soldiers managed to defend their sovereign with their halberds. Their weapons prevented the beast from coming closer but were unable to do any damage. Some of us used our guns to shoot at the creature. All the same, the bullets didn’t seem to hurt it, either. An instant later, the monster flew away and faded into the darkness. It moved as if it was swimming through the air and looked like an Asian dragon.
“What we didn’t know was that their society links thunder to evil. The timing of the dragon’s attack that followed the sailor’s gunshot was blamed on us, too. The locals believe in a prophecy about a band of demons who will come one day to kill their king. They will pose as people from a faraway land carrying magic weapons that can imitate the sound of thunder. With these weapons, they will summon from the sky a dragon that would help them spread death and destruction over their city. Those demons have attacked their city in the distant past, and they will come again, trying to conquer their land.
“This incident put us in the worst possible situation, for it wasn’t clear that we had shot at the dragon and not at the king. Or maybe they saw our gesture as a magic means of helping the creature capture their leader. Now everybody took us for demons or demon-possessed people they had to kill immediately. Of course, when the incident happened, we still had no idea about the locals’ interpretation of it.
“The captain started walking towards the door that hid the king, intending to find out what was going on, when suddenly we got surrounded by soldiers armed with swords and halberds. Without warning, they attacked us, with the obvious intention to kill. A few gunshots repelled the first wave, yet more and more of them kept coming. Seeing how the violence escalated, we retreated immediately to the ship. You saw the rest of it yourself.”
“Then, if I stayed and waited for their mercy…,” I reply in a feeble voice.
“They would have killed you on the spot as a demon.”
“How did you get to know about their prophecy?”
“The king’s translator shouted it at us from an open window placed high above the terrace, as soon as the fight with the Islanders began.”
I ponder for a few moments whether to ask him about what happens to a person after death but decide to stick to the world of living. So, I continue:
“And what happened after you got back to the ship?”
“After we raised anchor and left the pier behind, two of their vessels tried to attack us in the open. Of course, it was an unequal battle, for we had cannons, and they didn’t. Excelsior quickly sank one and inflicted so much damage to the other that it barely managed to return to the harbor.
“In the morning, I was already dead. Still, this world seems to have different laws for those who live in it, even if only for a short time. Although life had already left my body, I was well aware of everything happening around me. I could see the ship, the city towers, the port, the coastline washed by waves, my corpse buried at sea, the sad faces of the crew members, and I could hear the captain’s voice swearing revenge. He promised not to leave until he had recovered from the shore the bodies of all the fallen comrades and the locals paid him a large amount of gold as compensation for their treacherous act.
“At noon, Excelsior approached the harbor again. The captain had prepared an ultimatum for the locals. An armorer used an improvised crossbow to send the message to the city, tied to one of the arrows shot at us by the locals during the previous night. The captain asked for the bodies of our crew, a payment of fifteen thousand pounds of gold, and an official apology from the king. If they rejected his conditions, he would destroy all their towers one by one, bombarding them from far away so that no arrows from the shore could reach the ship.
“This was supposed to be a good deal for the locals if we think how cheap gold seems to be around here. However, they were too terrified by the similarity between what had occurred during the previous night and their prophecy. They still perceived us as demons. To negotiate with the spreaders of evil was unacceptable in their culture, so they refused the terms from the letter. Therefore, the captain began shooting at their towers with the ship’s carronades, sending them now and then new messages. He kept insisting in these messages that we are people like them and not demons.
“The last time a ship from our world visited the Island was long ago, before the invention of the firearms. For this reason, our people never had any conflicts with the locals. It’s kind of strange that no one who visited this place before us was ever made aware of this prophecy. And it’s even stranger that long before visits from our world, someone with firearms came here and attempted to conquer the city. As for the flying dragon, I have no idea why and how it came to the palace right after the gunshot. Maybe the blast sound attracted the beast, who knows?”
The first lieutenant is silent. A storm of thoughts assaults my brain as I’m trying to process his story. So, there is a war raging in Gold City. This situation could last for a while. Retracing my steps is going to be, of course, way too risky. Being dressed so differently from the locals and not speaking their language would betray me as soon as I crossed back the river. On the other hand, what guarantees do I have that once they’ve made sure I have left the swamp, the soldiers won’t follow me along this bank?
The only relatively safe route I can take is this circumventing path down to the area where the river reaches the sea. Then I shall return to Excelsior riding on a makeshift raft along the coast or even walking if the path along it is easy to tread. From the way the river’s course seems to bend, I have the feeling the road ahead might be short enough to bring me back to Gold City in four or five days. There is some good news, too: our ship hasn’t left the Island and might stay near the city for weeks. If I hurry, I could be back on board soon.
“I’m grateful for your news, sir!” I say. “You helped me a lot with all this information. Now I know what to expect when I get back to the city.”
“Happy to do a final good deed! Well, I have to go now,” he replies. “I’m glad I could bring you some news about the crew. Take care of yourself. And congratulations! When you return, you are going to be the second-in-command on Excelsior!”
He waves his hand and fades into the dark mist from outside.
“Please wait a moment, sir!” I shout after him. “Can you visit the captain in his dream and let him know I’m alive and trying to rejoin the crew a soon as possible?” But it’s already too late. The first lieutenant is gone. And I never had a chance to tell him about my discovery from the forest. About the cocoons with people inside.
I know this is only a dream. However, it feels as vivid as being awake. Through the cave’s open entrance, I can see the cliff from the other side of the river glistening in the pale moonlight. And I can feel inside my lungs the frigid air of the night with its scent of dry leaves and moss.
As if it were an entity separate from myself, my body is sleeping on a bed of dry twigs. I cannot stop wondering what happens to us when our lives end, what becomes of us when we cross to the other side. Are we going to stay unconscious, decomposing to dust and waiting to be resurrected at the End of Time, where we shall be judged by our deeds and then either rewarded for our accomplishments or punished for our evil deeds?
Or perhaps we’re going to return directly to Him, the Source of all Creation, after a short existence in this world where our ego was only an illusion? Are we going to know more about everything by still being ourselves? Or will our minds, with all their memories, die with us?
No answers are coming to these questions. The image of the cave fades rapidly and takes my thoughts with it as I plunge into a deeper, dreamless sleep.
♣
June 19 — I open my eyes at sunrise and get out of the cave. Clouds cover part of the sky, but the weather stays good. I eat for breakfast the last fruits from my basket and one of the fish caught yesterday. I wonder if the first lieutenant has really visited me in a dream. Are such visits possible at all? Maybe everything was the product of my imagination.
My thoughts go back to the war with the people from Gold City. Assuming the things happened as the first lieutenant described them, I’m baffled by the synchronization of the dragon’s attack with the gunshot. Maybe the gunshot wasn’t by accident. It sounds as if someone with godlike powers has set the stage for this conflict. But who and why? Of course, I shall never get an answer to these two questions. Yet, I can’t stop thinking about them.
There is no way for me to check if what I’ve learned from last night’s dream really reflects what has happened in the city. Yet, continuing my journey along the river bank looks like the best choice under the present circumstances. So, I pack up my belongings and get ready for another day of trekking.
As I keep moving, the gorge turns into a canyon with vertical walls impossible to climb. The stones covering the ground are so slippery that soon my advance slows down to almost nothing. As if things aren’t bad enough, I have the uneasy feeling that a predator is stalking me from a distance. I struggle the whole morning with the uneven terrain and barely advance about two miles.
From behind, I hear once in a while a hissing sound. I keep looking around but can’t spot anything suspicious. Could it be that a large predator is following me? Suddenly, I realize the little folding knife and the wooden spear aren’t enough to protect me from an ambush, especially if it happens while I’m asleep. In the early afternoon, I decide to stop where I am and fix my shelter in advance.
I think the creature might attack me after nightfall. Combing my surroundings for anything useful, I discover many pieces of wood scattered on the rocky bank. They are not big enough for a raft but will be satisfactory for other uses. I need to build better weapons as soon as possible.
I work for about an hour, putting up a crude ax from a stone shaped like a blade tied with a vine to a piece of wood. Then I jam open the folding knife and mount it at the end of a staff. Now it can be used like a spear that would easily cut through flesh.
I find a cave with a narrow entrance and satisfactory ventilation. Some cracks in the ceiling should allow me to start a fire inside. They are too small for anything larger than a mouse to squeeze through. Tying with vines the sturdiest sticks I can get, I build a rudimentary door that should prevent any unwanted intrusion. When I finish, it’s already getting dark.
I had no time to search for food. Thus, I eat for dinner the last fish from my basket. It takes me a while to start a small fire in the damp air of the cavern. I need to work hard until I can see the soothing light of the flames and feel their pleasant warmth. Then I shut myself inside the shelter and wait.
epsilon

 

June 11, 10 a.m. — The weather is excellent this morning. A steadfast wind is blowing from the stern, pushing us north with a speed of six knots. Excelsior is leaving behind a foamy wake, a liquid signature of our temporary presence in these quiet waters. The dream I had last night was long and unusually vivid. So vivid, I took it for real.
I’m relieved to see that nobody from my crew is missing. In three days, we are supposed to arrive at the Northern Fort, unload our cargo, then sail back and return to our naval base from the city. Still, the dream about the Island was so long, intense, and intriguing it felt as I have lived in that strange world for a whole week! I’d better write down everything on paper while the details are still fresh in my memory.
11 a.m. — The hours pass slowly on the deck while I fill up my notebook with the description of the adventures from my dream. If I were a more talented writer, I would be tempted to expand them into a novel and try to publish it. Perhaps I could find enough readers who would pay to read such a book.
“Whales at the prow, about twenty degrees to starboard!” the voice of the man on the main topgallant platform cuts the stream of my thoughts.
“Sir, let’s make a small detour and take a close look at them,” I tell the captain.
“All right,” he replies, scratching his chin. “It’s a welcome change in our uneventful journey.”
The captain gives the order for the temporary course alteration. Our vessel sails towards the pod of whales. It takes about half an hour to catch up with the cetaceans because they are far ahead and move in the same direction. The whales usually come to feed in this area rich in krill in the autumn, yet sometimes you can see them here during the summer, too. Swimming graciously with their mouths open, just five or six feet below the surface, the gentle ocean dwellers are advancing with a speed of about three knots.
This is a pod of five humpback whales: two bulls and three females. The animals are between thirty and fifty feet in length. They usually spend more time deep underwater, where the concentration of krill is higher, and only come up to breathe each ten-fifteen minutes. Probably the krill here is denser near the surface, making the whales easy to spot.
As our ship closes in, the animals prefer to sink lower under the waves. They swim rapidly away, perpendicular to our course, to avoid any potential harm from us. The captain orders Excelsior back on her initial route.
9 p.m. — Nothing else worth mentioning happened for the rest of the day. While we continued our journey north with all the sails up, I’ve finished putting on paper the story from my long dream. I shall expand its details when I have more spare time.
June 12, 9 a.m. — Threatening clouds began gathering at the prow since sunrise. The weather just got worse, for a thick fog engulfed us a few minutes ago. Meanwhile, the helmsman is complaining that the ship’s compass doesn’t point north anymore. It is spinning back and forth, making it impossible for him to maintain the ship’s course. We can’t see the Sun and have no other reference point to check our orientation. The captain orders the chip log launched from the stern for a speed estimate, and we’re doing our best to keep going straight.
10 a.m. — The fog is gone. The sea is still calm, but the sky above has darkened considerably. Bright flashes are piercing the cloud canopy. Rumbling thunders reverberate near the horizon, most of them with a delay of only a few seconds after each burst of light. The storm is going to start at any moment. Fortunately, the compass has stabilized and can be used again.
11 a.m. — Most sails have been stowed, reducing our advancing speed considerably. Under a sky the color of tar, the wind is blowing hard, rocking the ship back and forth. No rain is falling yet, but we expect a flood from above soon.
4 p.m. — The storm is raging on. Huge waves batter Excelsior’s hull. The ocean from below and the rain from above meet on the deck in frantic turmoil. We can maintain our course only approximately and with considerable difficulty.
Several crew members suffer from seasickness. I don’t feel so great either, assaulted by dizziness and nausea, almost ready to throw up everything I have eaten during my most recent meal. Still, I do my best to hide it, not wanting to set a bad example for the sailors. In the meantime, I can’t stop having a feeling of déjà vu.
9 p.m. — The waters are calm again after a storm that lasted over six hours. Excelsior emerged from the battle with the elements with almost no damage. The crew has unfurled the sails again. The sky is still cloudy. The ship has changed course towards the direction where we think the shore is located. We intend to use its features to identify our position more accurately. Three lighthouses line the coast for the next fifty nautical miles along our route towards the north. They should be the perfect benchmarks to pinpoint our current coordinates at night.
11 p.m. — Many of the crew are getting nervous, for we haven’t got close to the coast yet. It’s a full-moon night, and the mountains behind the shoreline should be easily visible from great distances, even with a cloudy sky like this. The layer of clouds prevents us from seeing the Moon or the stars, so we can’t use them as reference points. Only the compass can provide our direction.
Midnight — It’s obvious we went off course during the storm. The clouds are gradually clearing in an area I believe is close to the north. Trying to measure our latitude, I’m looking for the Little Bear and the Pole Star. However, all the constellations look changed, and the star patterns I can glimpse are entirely different from everything I know.
I turn my eyes toward the captain. We look at each other with surprised expressions. Around us, the ocean’s waters radiate a blue glow, probably generated by tiny light-emitting creatures floating below the surface. A few minutes later, the clouds cover the sky again.
“What a crazy night!” the captain says. “Let’s stow all the sails and wait for sunrise.”
♣
June 13, 7 a.m. — The clouds scattered right before dawn. The Sun returned to the sky, climbing above the horizon earlier than expected, at around 4 o’clock. The compass from the steering wheel showed it had risen from the south.
“It’s crystal clear now; we have encountered a magnetic anomaly that veered us off course and are still under its influence,” the first lieutenant said. “When in doubt, trust the Sun, and you’ll be fine,” he continued after a few moments, grinning. Then he began whistling and went to the other side of the deck to give some new orders.
The Sun had a green tint around its edge and seemed larger and paler. I came on the deck with my sextant and checked its angular diameter. Instead of the expected value close to thirty-two minutes, I’ve got thirty-nine. This meant the Sun had grown in size by almost eighteen percent.
No, there was no way the Sun had grown bigger overnight. My mind refused to accept that. I decided an unusual dispersion phenomenon was the cause. I didn’t understand the source of the green tint. It could be some unknown substance in the higher atmosphere, something that, when heated by sunlight, acted as a magnifying glass and made the Sun look larger. How did it do it? I had no idea. Perhaps when we come back to the city, some scholar who knows more optics than I do can explain this phenomenon to me. I think I have already written all these phrases in my log before. And I did that in my dream, in the part where we were getting close to the Island’s shore.
Soon, the green tint extended to the whole sky. Everybody on board was feeling uneasy about this curious phenomenon. Some men began talking about spells and curses, making the atmosphere even tenser. Meanwhile, the feeling that I had already been through this situation intensified.
At 9 a.m., I was down in the cabin, trying to have a good guess about our current location and attempting to triangulate our most probable route. Suddenly, the first lieutenant came by and requested my presence on the deck:
“Alberto,” he said, “the man on the main topgallant platform spotted a few unusual flying creatures. Even though they are still far away, their size seems to be enormous, much larger than any birds. I think you might be interested to take a look at them.”
I grabbed my portable telescope and rushed onto the deck. The creatures were far away. I could only get a short glimpse of them through the optical instrument, for the ship’s rolling prevented me from maintaining a stable field of view. I couldn’t figure out what they were. In any case, these white things were definitely not flying like typical birds. Their long, undulating bodies suggested the shape of a snake. There were three of them, and they seemed to follow our ship.
“Whales at starboard!” the sailor from the main topgallant platform shouted. Then, after a moment: “Whales at port!” Then again, after a few more seconds of silence: “Whales everywhere around the ship!”
A large pod of humpback whales, more than thirty, had emerged from the depths at the same time, not concerned anymore about a potential threat from Excelsior. Meanwhile, still flying too high to be seen clearly, the strange creatures were making circles above our vessel. I decided to climb the mainmast myself for a better view of the whales’ placement. I also hoped to catch a better glimpse of the unusually looking beasts from above.
From the topgallant platform, I could count about fifty whales. This was an impressively large pod! The swimming giants seemed occupied with their feeding, ignoring the presence of our vessel and only staying away from her course. In the meantime, the three flying beasts got closer to the ship, and I could take a better look at them. They had snake-like bodies and four short paws with powerful claws. I realized they were similar to mythological Asian dragons and estimated their length to about forty-fifty feet! The way the creatures swam through the air defied the laws of nature.
I tried using my small telescope again to see the creatures better. Alas, the ship’s rolling had made it useless at this height. So, I gave up and prepared to climb down to the deck when suddenly the wind changed direction. The mast tilted toward the port side with a jerk. Caught by surprise, I lost my balance and fell from the narrow platform.
In desperation, I grabbed a backstay that happened to be in my way but couldn’t hold it for more than a second. Then I managed to cling to a shroud for a short while. Finally, I bumped into the main course, sliding along its stay and slowing down considerably the speed of my unwanted descent. However, my landing on the deck was too rough and resulted in a sprained ankle.
7 p.m. — The dragons soon left our ship, flying south until they disappeared from our view. The same happened with the whales, who swam north. The ship’s physician wrapped my foot in a wet bandage and recommended a few days of rest until the swelling subsided. I had to go to my cabin and lie in bed all afternoon. I spent most of my time there checking navigational charts. Outside, the Sun still looked too large, and the sky still had a green tint.
At about three o’clock, a sailor from the mainmast spotted land. However, the shoreline looked unfamiliar. It extended from west to east instead of the expected south to north direction. Puzzled, we sailed closer and kept moving west along the landmass. With the help of a crutch, I climbed on the deck to see the coast shape.
One hour later, we were entering a semicircular harbor with a stony pier. Higher on the rocky shore, an imposing city filled the coast. Marble palaces, buildings with shiny roofs covered in ivy, and tall towers enriched the landscape. The urban center stretched over more than two miles as if holding the port in a protective embrace. Everything looked like in my dream, and that was unsettling.
Soon, Excelsior cast anchor close to the pier. Two mobile platforms connected her gunwale to the quay. A few dozen locals with features and skin color surprisingly close to ours were already waiting for us. They were dressed in long robes, green being the most common color. I told the captain and the first lieutenant about my dream vision. They already suspected we had arrived on the Island and paid careful attention to my story.
“It’s out of the question to go to the city unarmed. Nonetheless, I shall caution all men to use their guns only in case the natives attack us. We are not going to give them any reason to become our enemies,” the captain said. “I’m sorry, Alberto, you have to remain on board for now, but there will be plenty of chances to visit the city later, for we plan to stay here for up to a week. This new mission takes priority over the ammunition delivery to the Northern Fort. If the legends about the gold are true, the crew of Excelsior is going to return home with unbelievable riches for ourselves and our country. As the highest-ranked officer on board, you’ll be in charge of the ship until our return.”
Having spoken these words, the captain and the first lieutenant stepped on the quay, followed by about fifty men. I could hear how the locals, speaking through an interpreter, invited them to have dinner at the king’s palace. Watching them walking towards the monarch’s residence, I stood behind the rail with my worries and the rest of the sailors.
zeta

 

June 14, 4 p.m. — A lot of events took place since last night. My fears proved justified. Everything happened pretty much like in my dream. The only difference was that now I was not present in the middle of things but stuck aboard Excelsior.
The king was delighted to meet our crew and invited everybody to dine at his palace. The local food was much appreciated by the sailors. The men enjoyed the feast and talked happily about exchanging a part of our ship’s cargo for the cheap and omnipresent local gold.
Later, perhaps around nine, the king’s daughter came to the terrace where they had dinner. She began singing a song, accompanied by a band of musicians. A drunk sailor returning from a toilet break stumbled over a chair and fell on the floor. His loaded gun dropped from his belt and discharged accidentally. Perhaps the safety catch had not been set in the proper position. Nobody got hurt, but the weapon generated a powerful blast. The nearby walls amplified the bang and made it sound like a thunder strike. Music and conversation stopped instantly. People from both sides began exchanging worried looks. Then, suddenly, all the locals, including the king, ran away.
After a few tense moments, Excelsior’s crew saw the real reason for their fright: something huge, shaped like a snake, came down from the sky and plunged over the spot where the king had been seated. A few soldiers came back from a nearby room and attacked the strange creature with their halberds. The beast looked like one of the dragons we had seen flying above the sea in the morning. It retreated immediately, swimming through the air with undulating moves and vanishing into the darkness. Our people didn’t intervene in the clash between the king’s guards and the dragon, deciding it was wiser to avoid any other gunshots.
Having been put on guard by my story, the crew didn’t wait for the soldiers to attack. They rushed out through the door, trying to reach Excelsior as quickly as possible. However, a detachment of fighters armed with spears and halberds was already deployed outside, prepared for battle. It looked as if the locals had been suspicious of my people, waiting for the right moment to lash out at them.
The enemy unit charged at once, killing many of our men before they could aim and shoot their guns. The survivors had to fight their way out for the whole distance separating them from the harbor. At the same time, bent over the edge of a window high above, the king’s translator was shouting his message. In a loud voice, he recited the Islanders’ prophecy about demons disguised as people who could imitate the sound of thunder.
I had temporary command of the ship. Therefore, it was my duty to protect the men from the shore. Using a crutch to move around, I climbed onto the upper deck and began shouting commands at the crew who had stayed on board. Without hesitation, I ordered the port carronades loaded and began striking the spots with most enemy soldiers. The bright moonlight proved to be a trustworthy ally for our bombardment, revealing with crystal clarity all the targets of interest from the city.
Our barrage of fire inflicted terrible losses on the locals. At the same time, it covered the retreat of the men who were still alive. Soon, a thin cloud of white smoke coming from our artillery fire surrounded the masts. The deck was shaking from the blasts, and I had to hold the cordage tightly to maintain my fragile balance. Several Islanders approached the far end of the pier and started shooting at us with burning arrows. But they were too far away to be a real threat for Excelsior. The ship’s cannons and the rifles in the hands of my men prevented the enemy archers from coming close, killing scores of them.
In the meantime, the men ashore who could still walk crossed the mobile platforms back onto the deck. The first lieutenant had an arrow stuck on the left side of his back. He was staggering and looked as pale as a ghost. A few sailors had lighter wounds. We weighed anchor and went out into the open sea, helped by a breeze blowing from the land.
I could glimpse now a lot of activity on the towers, too. Squads of archers were shooting burning arrows at us from the high platforms. However, our brig was already out of their reach. While the physician was doing his best to help the wounded with scalpel and bandages, two of the Islanders’ ships tried to cut our retreat.
The captain, taking back the command from me, directed the cannon fire with accuracy. He sank one ship and damaged the other badly. For the moment, we were doing fine. Still, with so many enemies surrounding us, this was an unequal battle. The best course of action was to move Excelsior even farther away and leave the harbor behind for the night.
The first lieutenant had had his aorta punctured by the arrow and died from his wound early in the morning. We buried him at sea in a heart-moving ceremony. He was the only man to lose his life aboard our ship. Everybody else who perished during the attack had to be left on the shore. No less than thirty-one people, including the second-in-command, were killed in this battle. In these unfortunate circumstances, I became the second-ranking officer on the ship.
5 p.m. — At noon, Excelsior sailed closer to the harbor. We used an improvised crossbow to launch a message tied to an arrow toward the city. The captain gave the king an ultimatum. He asked for the return of our fallen comrades’ bodies, a large quantity of gold (meaning about fifteen thousand pounds that could fit in the remaining free space from the cargo bay), and an official apology from the locals for their wicked behavior. If his requests were not met, he threatened to destroy all their towers one by one. Most of the afternoon has already passed. So far, the natives haven’t given us an answer.
9 p.m. — Taking advantage of the ammunition from the cargo bay, the captain began to put his threats into action. By nightfall, our cannons had already damaged the two towers near the port’s entrance. However, it took a lot of shots to penetrate their walls. The captain decided he will eventually bombard the the king’s palace if the locals didn’t fulfill his demands.
June 15  — Excelsior patrols the harbor area, preventing the local ships from leaving it. It’s also ready to block any potential visitor from the open sea from reaching the city. One of the vessels inside the bay had the unfortunate idea of raising anchor and trying to sneak away. It was promptly sunk by our cannons. However, the captain allowed the crew to escape by boat and return to the shore. At noon, we sent a new message with identical content. We watched through our portable telescopes how the arrow shot by our crossbow broke through one of the palace’s windows and disappeared inside.
Everybody on board is furious at the locals and their massacre of our men. Some of us suggested a surprise night attack and the occupation of the city. However, even with guns in our hands and cannon support from the ship, how can we fight against thousands of people armed with bows, spears, halberds, and swords? Before being put into practice, an assault needs a well-thought plan. Besides, in a week or so, we might face another problem: the lack of drinking water and food supplies.
♣
June 16 — Excelsior continues to patrol the coast on a route extending about three nautical miles in each direction from the local urban center. There is a chance the people from Gold City had sent messengers inland and called for help from other coastal settlements if other such coastal cities exist. Soon, we might face a whole fleet attacking us in the open.
Considering this potential threat, we agreed that we must render unusable the ships left inside the harbor. At nightfall, we sank with well-aimed cannon hits the eight enemy vessels anchored near the quay. Now we did not risk facing a naval battle from two sides. Despite our anger, we tried to avoid inflicting any unnecessary loss of life.
This morning, a reply to our message reached us. It came wrapped around an arrowhead, too. The arrow fell into the water, close to our vessel. Luckily, we saw the attached scroll in time and recovered it quickly. The written text stated that the locals were forbidden to negotiate with demons, even if they all risked losing their lives. They needed more proof that we were genuine humans. Only the demons could make the sound of thunder and summon dragons to attack their king, so how are we going to explain that?
Soon we saw their soldiers assembling catapults on the shore. They also began moving large stone blocks around, perhaps parts of new fortifications designed to protect them from our cannon shots. Thinking about a suitable proof of our humanity, the captain decided it was wiser, for now, to retreat at a safe distance from the city.
June 17 — Our patrolling route has increased in length. It currently covers about six nautical miles in each direction from the harbor. The whole coastal line beyond the city limits looks uninhabited. At dawn, one of the sailors spotted from the mainmast a narrow bay surrounded by trees. The rounded shape of the tree crowns suggested they could have fruits. Perhaps a source of freshwater flows nearby, too.
I advised the captain to send a boat to the shore to replenish our supplies and offered to lead the party myself. He agreed, and we planned the operation for the following day. Meanwhile, my ankle had healed, and I could fully resume my duty on the ship.
June 18 — The two boats from Excelsior touched the sandy beach of the small bay early morning, helped by the high tide. Many trees with orange-like fruits grew on the nearby slopes. I remembered eating them in the long and vivid dream where I was trekking along the river. After a few careful bites, I decided they were not poisonous, and we filled all the supply boxes with our new food supply. We saw fish swimming in the bay, so we planned to return with a few nets to catch some.
A small waterfall was pouring from a tall red rock, becoming a brook as it flowed into the ocean. We filled our barrels in about ten minutes, then carried food and water to the boats. There were no signs of natives’ activity here. It looked like this place was not currently under their direct control, and we were in no danger of being attacked.
While my people were loading the supplies into the boats, I decided to explore the surroundings. The bay was almost semi-circular, with a diameter of about three hundred feet. The land was coming out from the water at a rather steep angle, like most of the Island’s coastline. Of course, this was due to the high amplitude of the tides. I turned away from the ocean and entered a forest that connected the shore to the deeper lands. After about two hundred yards, I reached a cliff where I could see, partly hidden by trees and ivy, the entrance to a cave.
We came back to Excelsior with a big load of fruits and freshwater, then decided to go to the shore once more. The captain accepted my proposal to explore the newly found cavern. I suggested it might potentially take us inland, closer to the city, perhaps to a place where we could launch a surprise attack. The orientation of the cave’s mouth certainly allowed for this possibility. So, we got a bunch of torches and jumped into the boats again.
After returning to the bay, I asked two crewmen to follow me. The rest were spreading the nets in the water or filling the barrels with water and fruits. The entrance was about fifteen feet wide and over seven feet tall. It opened into a straight gallery where we continued our advance for about twenty yards. Then the tunnel expanded abruptly into an enormous chamber full of natural columns colored in yellow and red.
It was impossible to see the other end of the hall in the feeble torchlight. Therefore we continued straight ahead for some sixty or seventy yards until we reached its opposite side. From there, five circular tunnels placed at regular intervals opened towards the unknown.
Each tunnel was about seven feet in diameter. Groups of symbols were visible above the entrances. They had round shapes similar to what I had seen in my dream. This was probably the locals’ alphabet. Unfortunately, none of us could read the inscriptions. I checked the galleries’ direction with my hand compass and was pleased to find them pointing toward Gold City.
Because the tunnels looked man-made, I wondered if they had been designed to link the bay to someplace inside the port. Maybe the locals had dug the tunnels centuries ago and stopped using them after a while. Or perhaps they didn’t expect any attack from this direction and had left them unguarded. Such a discovery could prove ideal for a surprise night charge into the enemy’s nest.
As all the tunnels appeared to go in the same direction, I decided to check them one by one with the compass, for about one hundred yards each. All seemed to lead towards the city, and I could glimpse no end of them within the viewing range of my flame. The best course of action was to return to Excelsior, gather enough torches, people, and weapons, then come back to the cave and explore the galleries to their very ends.
Back on board, I reported my findings to the captain and the rest of the crew. The men became enthusiastic at the idea of using the underground paths for a surprise attack on the city. We decided to start the exploration of the tunnels by nightfall.
Everybody who planned to participate got some rest until 9 p.m. Then our boats carried sixty fully armed men to the bay, including myself and the captain. During our absence, a sailing master remained in charge of Excelsior. The captain told him to take the ship back to the Gold City harbor soon after our departure and keep the port under observation for the night. At dawn, he would return to the bay and pick us up from there.
The captain chose the central gallery. I got ready to enter the one on the left, and three midshipmen prepared to advance into the remaining ones. If the passageways emerged inside the city, we would stay hidden, scout the adjacent areas discreetly, then come back to the bay. We would return with a full-scale attack in the most favorable location one of the following days.
eta

 
June 20, around 5 p.m. (or at least this is my best guess, anyway) — Two days have passed since my previous log entry. I am now lost inside a vast underground maze. My situation is uncertain, for I still haven’t found a way out of here. If I die without seeing the sun again, I hope that at least this notebook, describing the final days of my life, can be discovered and read by my people. Or by any people who might pass by chance through this hall.
I shall let myself go again through my latest tribulations while my pencil is writing down my thoughts. And so, sketched by my hand, the recent events are slowly filling up these sheets of paper.
♣
On the eve of June 18, sixty men from Excelsior’s crew came to the newly discovered cave. They carried special torches that used whale oil and could last for up to six hours, small bags with gunpowder, swords, knives, and guns. We split into five groups of twelve, each taking on the exploration of a separate tunnel.
The inscriptions above looked different for each entrance. It would have been great to know what they meant, but we had no means to translate them. After a short council, we decided they should most likely describe the locations from the city (or near it) where the tunnels emerged. We were to attempt reaching the urban area independently, explore the surroundings of the exit point without being seen, then retrace our steps to our temporary base. Before dawn, we were to meet again at the bay and share the freshly gathered intelligence. There, we would decide what to do next.
The captain and his unit were the first to disappear into the middle passage. I went next, taking the tunnel on the left. The other three squads, led by midshipmen, began exploring their allotted galleries immediately after us. It was 10 p.m. already.
Holding a compass in my left hand and a torch in my right, I led my men along the narrow path. We quickly passed the one hundred yard limit of my previous exploration trip. For a while, the trip went smoothly and without any incidents.
The tunnel appeared man-made. Its length was impressive. I suppose the other four passages, only superficially checked hours earlier, went on for long distances, too. Of course, the locals had invested a lot of resources to dig these galleries. Perhaps they used to have strategical importance against a possible invasion from the sea?
The temperature inside the passage was comfortable and relatively high for such a deep cave system. The floor and the walls were dry. I assumed some hidden thermal springs were evaporating the water from the passage, desiccating the place. The walls of gray whinstone were still in good shape, despite a high chance this path had not been used in centuries. A thin layer of dust that covered the ground supported this hypothesis. Small stones fallen from the ceiling marked the floor here and there, revealing the advanced age of the tunnel.
If the passage went all the way to the city, we expected to walk through it for six or seven miles. With our speed, that could mean about two hours, provided we didn’t encounter anything unexpected to slow us down. Our shadows were sliding along the walls in rhythmic trotting as we continued to advance in single file through the eternal night. Revealed by our moving flames, the tunnel looked like a giant mouth ready to swallow us at first but retreating farther ahead, as if in fear, after each of our steps. Or perhaps it was enticing us to go farther into its trap until no escape was possible.
No one was talking. While our legs strode along the passage, we held the torches tightly in our hands, full of enthusiasm and ready to fight. For some time, we made steady progress in our journey toward Gold City. However, about one mile and a half into our trip, we saw something shiny emerging from the darkness, blocking our path.
It was a large door made of rusty steel, and it was locked. We pushed and pulled at it with all our might, but the metal handle was tightly jammed. A sailor suggested using our gunpowder bags to blow the door open, but I opposed the idea, fearing a cave-in. The passage would get filled with rocks, and we could get trapped underneath.
“Let’s analyze the lock more carefully,” I said. “Maybe there is a way we can open it with a knife. We could also use a rod for gun cleaning to reach inside.”
Bringing my torch close to the lock, I picked a rod and inserted its sharp end through the keyhole. Then I began moving it about, trying to reach its shutting mechanism that seemed to be a steel bar. Soon I could feel it with my iron stick, but it must have been badly jammed after so many years of neglect, fiercely resisting all my attempts to push it aside. Two sailors repeated my maneuvers, with results no better than mine.
“What about using a tiny quantity of gunpowder inside the lock to make it move?” a crewman asked.
“We need to pour it into a small recipient, and we have nothing that could do the job,” another man replied.
We sat down and decided to have a short rest while thinking about a way to go through. The minutes flew slowly. The air began to feel heavy from the torch flames. Looking at my pocket watch, I saw we had already been stuck here for ten minutes.
“We have to find a solution within the next ten minutes,” I said. “If we don’t, we go back to the main cave and take the central tunnel to support the captain’s group.” I leaned against the wall and continued to think feverishly for a way to open that door.
♣
Flames and smoke seemed to fill my head: so many thoughts were going through it at once. Suddenly, the simplicity of the answer hit me like a punch in the face. I closed my eyes, took a deep breath, and relaxed my body for a few moments. Then I opened them again and smiled.
“Fetch me several stones,” I announced in a confident tone. “They have to be hard and small enough to pass through the lock’s keyhole.”
The crewmen fumbled around and found what I needed in less than a minute. I used another rock to hit the stones they had brought. After a few attempts, I succeeded in splitting one into two almost equal pieces. With a nail, I carved a little hole in one of the halves and filled it with gunpowder. I put the parts back together, leaving only a narrow opening. Then I inserted a fuse through it, connecting the explosive mixture to the outside.
I joined everything tightly with thread, allowing the halves to be easily pushed away from each other by the explosion. Then we tied the stone to the tip of the iron rod and inserted it through the keyhole next to the lock mechanism, with the fuse reaching out.
“I’m going to try it first with the pieces lined horizontally, in case the lock has to move left-right,” I said and lit the fuse.
Everybody moved several steps back and waited. Even though we had used only a small quantity of powder, the explosion threw the two pieces against the lock with a loud bang. The door stayed jammed. We had to repeat the attempt with the stones on top of each other, this time placed under the door’s mechanism. Our second try proved successful. When the blast occurred, we heard a cracking sound from the lock. Now I could rotate the handle, and the door opened.
Being already almost half an hour behind our schedule, we increased our pace and made rapid progress for the next three miles or so. Then we felt a cool breeze blowing in our direction, and the tunnel opened into a circular hall. I estimated its diameter to be about sixty-seventy feet and its height close to fifteen. It was rather cold in here, and the humidity was high. The chamber was lit from above by several yellow globes, like those used by the natives from the city.
Could it be that some people visited this place often? The floor was hard and had no dust that could reveal any fresh tracks. Or maybe the globes could stay bright for a considerable amount of time? Nevertheless, for how long were they able to function? Days, weeks, or even months? After living through all these adventures, nothing was going to surprise me that easily. However, no matter how long the globes could last, someone had to show up here once in a while and provide them with the necessary fuel to stay alight, whatever that fuel was. We had to be careful and watch out for unexpected encounters with the locals.
Tunnel mouths surrounded the large chamber, perhaps some of them linking it to the outside world. I counted fifteen of them. Each had writing marks on top with the same rounded symbols like above the five gallery mouths from the bay where our expedition had started. We walked to the middle of the hall and stumbled upon a rectangular stone block that looked like an altar. Silver statues of humans and animals stood on its surface. Perhaps they were local deities.
For a moment, I thought I could hear whispers from above, somewhere near the ceiling. Moments later, a white-blue light flickered in front of a gallery opposite the spot we were standing. We rushed toward it, but the spark was gone as soon as we stepped in that direction. A thorough investigation of the hall revealed no other presence besides ours. We soon noticed pieces of quartz crystals etched on the walls in several locations. The spark of light had been the reflection of our torches onto their shiny surfaces.
“Well, we have a compass and know the approximate direction of the city.” I said. “Therefore, we can choose the appropriate tunnel to continue our exploration. However, let’s mark the gallery we came from, to find it easily on our way back.”
A sailor took a cleaning rod out of his pocket and scratched a big cross sign on top of our tunnel’s mouth, next to the locals’ inscription. While preparing to step into the new gallery, I heard behind me the voice of a crewman:
“Sir, there are animal feces in here,” he said. “I can see some hair, too.”
I turned around. The signs of an animal presence were right behind the altar. A bit farther away, where the ground was softer, we discovered footprints similar to those of a wolf, only bigger. Much bigger. The feces and footprints didn’t look fresh, yet they didn’t look old, either. Most likely, they had been there for a couple of weeks.
I called to my men:
“Listen up! We need to watch out for animals that may live in these caverns. Even so, our exploration must go on. Just have the guns and swords ready in case something attacks us.”
Our underground trip continued through the new gallery. On the last mile before reaching the city (at least this was my best estimate for the distance), the tunnel began to climb on a gentle slope and soon opened into an immense hall. Extended curtains, columns, stalactites, and stalagmites gleamed everywhere. They shone as if made of jade, all looking gorgeous and colored in blue and yellow. Ahead, a wide river blocked our path. Fortunately, a narrow bridge made of stone provided a link to the other bank, where the tunnel continued in the same direction.
We checked if other routes crossed the underground watercourse at some distance from ours, thinking about the rest of the tunnels that could have come from the bay. However, there were no more bridges or connecting galleries. On the opposite bank, a narrow path carved in stone ran parallel to the stream. We left it alone, for we had no time to explore it now.
I took the watch out of my pocket and checked the time. It was 11:35. We pushed on with our rapid march towards the city. The tunnel stayed horizontal for a while, then climbed at an angle of about thirty degrees on a track made of stone steps. We reached its end a few minutes after midnight.
June 19 — Sometime past midnight — A cracked wooden ladder leaned against the wall in front of us. Above, we glimpsed a hatch made of a gray stone slab. I stepped onto the footboard, but the rotten wood fell apart under my weight, and I crashed on the floor. Two of my men, master at arms Salik and corporal Roy, had been at the palace on the night of June 13. They had walked on the city streets and perhaps might identify with the surroundings of our location in case our exit emerged there. I asked them to stay near me when we got out of the tunnel so that they could potentially guide us.
The ladder’s remains were unusable. However, the stone hatch was only a bit over six and a half feet high. It was not a problem to lift ourselves through it. I could easily reach the cold surface with my hands, so I went underneath and tried to push it open. The hatch didn’t move. Then two sailors tried this maneuver together, and it would still not budge. When four men finally crammed underneath and used all their strength to displace it, they lifted the stone slab and pushed it to the side. Helped from below by my men still standing inside the tunnel, I stuck my head out and peered into unknown territory.
We were inside an old storehouse. My first look around found no immediate danger, so I crawled out of the hatch and signaled to the others to follow me. Soon, we stood in a square hall filled with old furniture pieces wrapped in linen canvases. Dust enshrouded in spider webs covered everything, suggesting that no human being had visited this place in a long time.
There were no windows, yet the room wasn’t completely dark. A couple of yellow globes near the ceiling were casting a faint but steady light. Again, I couldn’t stop asking myself: what kept them so bright for months or even years? A new set of stone stairs reflected the flames of our torches near the opposite wall, leading to a higher place.
At my command, Salik and Roy took over the lead and moved in front of our squad. The lack of windows had to work to our advantage, hiding our presence from anyone outside the building. Salik climbed the steps until he reached a wooden door plated with long stripes of gold. He pressed the handle and tried to open it. The door was jammed and seemed locked.
The lock was too small, and we were probably too close to an inhabited area for another attempt to blow it open. The risk of being discovered was too high. Talking in whispers, we began exploring the room, looking for another exit and even a key.
Suddenly, one of the men produced an exclamation of surprise. He had stumbled onto a skeleton lying under an oval table near the wall opposite the door. The bones were crushed and spread on the floor. Someone had been killed and partly eaten by a ferocious animal. A few pieces of discolored fabric were scattered nearby. At a closer look, it became clear that the unfortunate event had occurred many years ago. We all released a sigh of relief. Right then, Roy spotted a key next to the human remains. I reached behind the bones and picked it up. The piece of gold alloy proved to be what we needed to unlock the door.
The man who had died here must have been in control of this entrance. I assumed it was a man but could as well have been a woman, for it was impossible to guess the gender from the heap of crushed bones. He was probably leaving or returning when the unexpected attack occurred. Perhaps only he knew about the passage, and the others had no idea where he had disappeared. Or maybe someone from the other side knew about it but was too scared by the beast’s roars to open the door again. Apparently, nobody had visited this room in a long time.
The unlocked door opened towards us, and we bumped into a wooden panel that filled its frame. We pushed it away, almost without making any noise. Salik was the first to pass through and got inside a closet full of old chairs and tables. A thin layer of dust covered the floor. Our boots were leaving clear marks on it.
The opposite wall had a door made of dark wood, with the upper part shaped like an arch. This door was also locked. Again, the key found on the floor opened it with ease. Walking ahead of us, Salik stepped into a new room that seemed to be another storage area.
This place had lovely crystal vases on marble shelves that filled the side walls. The floor had less dust. Obviously, someone visited these chambers once in a while. We followed the master at arms in silence — a line of trembling shadows in the uneven light coming from our torches. As soon as we finished crossing the room, we got in front of a third locked door. To our relief, the key worked again.
All the rooms so far had no windows. However, this place looked cleaner than those preceding it. It had to be close to the surface and occasionally visited by people from the city. The exit couldn’t be far.
The air felt tense. I asked Roy and Salik to step behind me and got back in charge of the expedition. I strode across the room and opened the door from the opposite wall. We entered a cylindrical chamber about twenty feet in diameter and perhaps sixteen feet tall. Square granite tiles colored in black and white covered the floor. Our squad looked like a living chess army playing a game of lights and shadows on a giant chessboard. I examined the new hall. Three more doors were lining the wall, all locked. This time, the golden key could not open any of them.
♣
12:40 a.m. — The new enclosure was also windowless and had a spiral staircase in the center. Blue marble tiles covered the walls, reflecting the light from our torches as if they were made of ice. We followed the stairs in silence to a square hatch in the ceiling that opened downward. I pulled it slowly and bumped into another wooden panel that blocked our way. The board was light and easy to move. I pushed it to the side only moments later.
With caution, we climbed through the hatch and entered a closet full of women’s dresses. A faint scent of flowers was floating in the air. I had the feeling we were next to a room used daily. This place looked clean. The thin layer of dust that had covered the ground and floors on our way here was gone. Also, we had to be extra careful with our torches. It was easy to set the place on fire if any of the flames came close to the garments.
A couple of days earlier, the men who had survived the tragic dinner at the palace told me about the king’s daughter and her ethereal beauty. I let my imagination wander for a few moments. What if we had just arrived at her living quarters? Maybe she was sleeping within an arm’s length from us. Perhaps we could kidnap her? Talking in whispers, I shared these thoughts with the men from my squad, who immediately nodded approvingly.
Taking such a valuable hostage would be much better than just exploring the place for a future surprise attack. I handed my torch to a crewman. Then I opened the door slowly and with as little noise as possible.
I stepped onto the marble tiles of a spacious bedroom. The pale moonlight was pouring out of the arched windows from the opposite side. Skillfully crafted animal and bird shapes made of silver decorated the light-blue walls from floor to ceiling. Framed paintings were hanging in several places, all of them displaying scenes at sea. Two tables made of redwood stood next to the windows. One was empty. The other one was full of books.
A massive bed of gold and steel filled the center. A young woman was sleeping on it, covered by a green blanket. Her beauty took my breath away.
Long black hair framed her oval face, spreading in curly loops over the pillow. Her skin was pale as if made of porcelain. Her closed eyes were big with long eyelashes. Her lips were red and full like a pair of rose petals. A delicate nose gave her a slightly Oriental appearance. Under the thin blanket covering her from shoulders down, I could glimpse perfect curves that suggested a slender body of medium height.
How I wished I had run into her under better circumstances! I would have shown this woman the wonders of our world, and then I would have tried to win her heart. Without having ever met her, I knew she had to be the princess.
While staring at her face, I realized she looked familiar. Had I seen her somewhere before? Perhaps in a painting? But where? My memory was fuzzy, dodging all my attempts to bring it into focus. I felt something important from my past was evading the reach of my thoughts. Why could I not remember?
I was pulled back to reality by my men, who were shaking my shoulders. Salik looked at the girl and confirmed in low whispers that she was the princess. My squad was ready. I felt full of sorrow for what I was about to do. But there was no time to lose. Farewell, friendship and love! Dear princess, please forgive me!
Careful not to make any noise, we took the piece of cloth that half-covered the empty table. Then we surrounded the bed. In a quick synchronized move, arms and legs were pinned down by four sailors while I was covering her mouth. We placed the table sheet on top, leaving only her nose and eyes out.
She struggled and tried to cry for help, proving to be really strong for her size. But it was already too late. Muffled words in the local language, somewhat similar to Latin, were still audible as we took her away. Nevertheless, they were not loud enough to draw the attention of the guards who were most likely standing outside her room:
“Ne! Ne! Kiu vi estas? Kion vi faras? Kien vi forprenas min? Liberigu min!”
♣
Ten minutes later, after closing the hatches and locking the doors left behind, our group rushed back through the tunnel. With the blood pumping in our ears from the sustained effort, we were racing towards the bay as fast as our feet allowed us. Salik and Roy were leading the men back home. Two sailors carried the princess with as much care as possible, given the circumstances.
Every five minutes or so, the crewmen took turns in transporting our precious hostage. Hands and legs held by the blanket and mouth covered by the tablecloth, she had ceased to struggle after a while, realizing that any resistance was futile. The young woman had recognized us by now. I could glimpse tears of fear and anger flowing along her cheeks. After a while, her expression changed into cold hate. She turned her eyes away from our faces and let her gaze slide along the rough gallery walls.
In the same single file, we were trotting along the narrow passage. We wanted to get away from the palace as fast as possible. I was closing the line, ready to defend our escape route from any potential pursuers. Luckily, nobody seemed to be coming after us.
Soon, we slowed our pace and calmed down our breathing. We reached the river after half an hour and began treading the path that led across the stream. Suddenly, a deep rumble reverberated from behind. It sounded like an animal roar and sent shivers down our spines. We remembered all too well the crushed bones near the city exit and the large wolf-like footprints from the cave with the altar.
The princess was the first to be carried to the other bank. My men followed in quick succession while I was guarding our path of retreat. The sailors were crossing the narrow bridge in a hurry, unsure of what might attack them. About ten seconds later, they were all on the other side. I was the only one left behind, with a torch in my left hand and the gun in my right, ready to shoot at any creature that would jump at us from the rear.
The roars got louder. Still, I couldn’t see anything moving beyond the trembling shadows projected by my flame. The cave’s walls deflected the noises produced by the animal, making it difficult to pinpoint its position. I decided the beast hadn’t caught up with us yet, so I hurried up to cross the bridge, too.
I was in the middle of the crossing when a dark shape sprang out of the alley lining the river bank and lunged towards me with lightning speed. It looked like a giant wolf with a lion’s mane. Its fierce eyes burned like two fires above a mouth full of sharp teeth ready to crush my bones. The beast leaped high in the air, preparing to strike me down and tear me to pieces.
I rolled to the left and unloaded my gun into the monster’s head. Shots from my men hit its flank. The beast flew over me and landed flat on the bridge, its jaws narrowly missing my neck. I turned and stabbed its belly with my sword, but the creature arched its spine and somehow got back on its feet. Its powerful front paws punched my chest, pushing me over the crossing’s edge. A second round of shots from my men hit the wolf’s neck almost at the same time. Before realizing what was happening, I fell head down into the ice-cold water, with the corpse crashing on top of me.
The river was deep and agitated. The water sucked in the wolf’s dead body, and I lost sight of it almost instantly. As soon as I recovered from the thermal shock, I reached for anything connected to the bank that could stop my rapid drift. Alas, all the stones were slippery, and the powerful current was already dragging me farther downstream at high speed. The flow was so fast that I lost sight of the bridge and my squad only moments later. Sinking in darkness, I was desperately trying to stay afloat. To my horror, the stream immediately pulled me down with irresistible force through an underwater tunnel.
Here and there, my hands and feet were hitting the walls of the passageway, adding more pain to my battered body. Finally, when my lungs were almost ready to explode from lack of air, I reached the surface again. I was now in an unknown place, swallowed by absolute darkness. Terrified, all I could do was to keep swimming, trying to hold my head above the freezing water. My muscles were already getting numb, and I knew I couldn’t go on like this for much longer. Thousands of needles were piercing my chest, and my heart was racing madly.
I was ready to give up my fight to stay alive when my feet suddenly touched the bottom. I pushed on, wading on all four through the freezing current until I reached the river bank with my fingertips. Crawling like a lizard, I barely dragged myself out of the water, for my arms and legs were numb from cold.
I lay down for a while, coughing, shivering, and struggling to breathe. I couldn’t see anything, and I had no idea where I was. However, the echoes of my splashes suggested I had popped out inside a big cave. Optimism came back to me. And with it, my hope of soon finding a way out and joining my comrades.
I rested for a few more minutes, shaking and coughing. Then I took off my wet clothes and boots and began rubbing my skin to restore my blood circulation. I grabbed my garments and squeezed out of them as much water as I could. Then I got dressed again. This operation took a lot of effort, for the wet material would not easily slide on my tender skin. They were cold and uncomfortable to wear right now, but I needed them to keep me warm later. So, I had to bear this unpleasant feeling and let my attire dry from the heat of my body.
I checked my wounds next. I had got several scratches on my back, forearms, shoulders, and shins. A few were painful to the touch, yet none felt serious when examined with my fingertips. My head was all right, as I instinctively had protected it while being dragged by the current.
I was surrounded by pitch-black darkness. In this eternal darkness, missing any visual reference point, my mind seemed to have gotten a will of its own. To compensate for this lack of visual stimuli, it soon began to produce various luminous shapes. I could glimpse pale fires and veils of multicolored light dancing at the edge of my vision. However, when I turned my head towards them, there was nothing to see. I just had to keep reminding myself that they were mere illusions and focus my attention elsewhere.
With my wet clothes back on, I moved away from the river. After a few steps, my soles felt a flat area. There I sat on the ground with my legs crossed and began to inspect my possessions using only my sense of touch. I found out I didn’t have my flint and steel with me anymore. Of course, even if I had had it, there were no dry twigs around to make a torch that could generate light. Still, even a few sparks could have helped me to glimpse my surroundings.
I had also lost my sword and gun. I already knew that before getting out of the water. The glass of my pocket watch felt cracked under my fingertips, and the compass was gone. Inside my inner chest pouch, I found the flat wooden box where I kept my notebook and a few pencils. They seemed to be in good condition. The gunpowder bag from my coat’s pocket, on the other hand, was all wet and rendered useless. Even if I could dry it from my body heat, how could I ever use the explosive mixture without flint, steel, and a fuse? So I threw its contents away, keeping only the canvas recipient. In the end, I could call myself lucky because I still had a small folding knife with me.
Without any source of light, I had no idea about what surrounded me. There could be a wall or a chasm lurking ahead, left, or right. Yet, there are tricks to find your way out, even in total darkness. Some years ago, a childhood friend became blind after a tragic fire that had destroyed his house. For the month that followed, he was helpless to find his way around. However, he learned to locate objects and people near him by emitting rapid clicking sounds and listening to their echoes. As the years passed and he became better at it, this unusual orientation method allowed him to live almost normally.
I took a deep breath, calmed my thoughts, and slowed down my heartbeats. Between occasional bursts of coughing, I paid careful attention to all the sounds from the cave. The only audible noises were coming from the underground river that flew somewhere behind me.
As my mind was getting accustomed to the absence of any visual stimuli, the lights from my peripheral vision gradually faded until they became barely noticeable. I stood up and began to make clicking noises, slowly turning my head left and right, the same way my blind friend used to do.
Soon I began to recognize direction-related differences in the echoes coming back to my ears. I’ve got the impression there was an empty area a few steps ahead and to my left. With my hands stretched in front and swiping the ground with my feet, I advanced in that direction. Immediately, I found an opening and a gallery that seemed as big as the tunnel used by our squad to reach the city. I suddenly felt full of hope, thinking I could perhaps get out of this network in a few hours.
Continuing to emit clicking sounds every few seconds, I realized the passage made a continuous right turn, climbing in a wide spiral high above the river bed. In the meantime, the whole strain from the night expedition began to take its toll. I felt exhausted and found it more and more difficult to keep walking. However, it was too dangerous to stop while my body was still wet and cold. I went on like that, in total darkness, for about another half hour.
At some point, I felt the temperature rising inside the cave and heard a stream flowing on my left. Before long, my hands found a shallow basin with pleasantly warm water. Taking my clothes off, I stepped in. A few minutes later, I had my blood circulation restored. My shivering and coughs stopped soon after that.
After my body temperature finally returned to normal, I washed my attire and let it dry on a nearby boulder. Then I lay down on the ground in a spot near the basin that wasn’t wet or cold to the touch. I fell instantly asleep on the rough surface, with my boots used as a pillow
♣
For how long have I slept? Six hours? Ten hours? It’s impossible to tell the time in here. As an arbitrary reference point, I’ll assume it’s the morning of June 20. I feel tired, hungry, and thirsty. Some of my bruises and scratches hurt, but they are only a minor nuisance.
For thirst, I try some hot spring water. It has a vaguely salty taste and a faint scent of mud, but it’s drinkable. Hunger and rest will have to wait. I put my clothes and boots back on and continue my trek.
To compensate for my lack of vision, my sense of hearing turns keener by the hour. I use the clicking sounds more efficiently now and can follow the tunnels without reaching with my hands for the walls all the time. I’m still careful with my steps, touching the ground with the tip of my boot before sinking my weight onto it. You never know what hole or chasm might lurk ahead, especially when you have no means of seeing it.
I’ve picked up a couple of stones along the way, dried them in my pocket, then tried to use the pieces as a flint and steel to generate sparks. However, my attempts at making light didn’t work. The air is too wet in here.
After about an hour of walking, I hear the sound of water flowing ahead. Is this the same river or a different one? I get down next to it and check the current direction with my palm. I’ve been going upstream, which is good. It means this track should be slowly climbing towards the surface. I only hope I can also find a passageway wide enough to squeeze through.
The gallery has widened, and I’m trekking along a narrow path dug in the sidewall. There’s a river flowing in the middle, just a few steps away. Of course, my eyes don’t see any of the things I’m describing. All the information comes from what I can hear and touch. As for the smell, I haven’t noticed anything particular so far. I breathe the same musty air everywhere.
Exasperated by darkness, I’m thinking for a moment about retracing my steps from the previous day and trying to go back to the stone bridge. Unfortunately, the only way to reach it is by moving through the underwater tunnel while swimming against a powerful current. That is way beyond my strength and probably beyond any human power. I have to resign myself into following the river and looking for a side exit.
So, I keep going. My thoughts wander in spirals, taking me at some point to the princess. I still can’t figure out why her face looked so familiar. There is a persistent sensation that I’ve seen her in a painting. Yet, I can’t recall where and when did that happen. I know I used to carry a clear memory of that place, and this is driving me crazy. I feel as if an evil spirit has erased it, knowing how important it used to be for me.
♣
I think I have been walking for several hours already. Without a watch or a sun, it’s impossible to know for how long. I can always hear the river flowing at my right. When thirsty, I descend to the bank and take a few sips from the stream. Then I continue my trek in the same direction, hoping it goes towards the shore and back to the surface. Yet, without food, if I don’t find an exit within a few days, I shall gradually lose my strength, becoming too weak to continue my journey. In the end, I’m going to die of starvation. Or of cold, as I also need food to keep my body warm inside this environment.
Sometime in the afternoon (I suppose it’s afternoon, but it may as well be morning or midnight), I spot a faint glimmer ahead. My morale rises quickly, and I increase my pace. An immense hall opens to my left. From high above, its arched ceiling radiates a soothing yellow light. Yet, this light doesn’t come from the sun of this realm. It’s similar to that produced by fireflies or the local night globes. When I reach the middle of the hall, it’s bright enough to read or write. My eyes need a few minutes to readjust to this level of luminosity.
The temperature inside is higher than in the network of galleries. I could say it’s even comfortable. White mushrooms cover a large part of the floor, filling the air with a faint smell of raw potatoes. These fungi don’t seem to have natural enemies here, so I’ll assume they are edible. I pick up one and try a few bites. The taste is not so bad, although kind of bland.
I lie down on the floor and get some rest, letting about an hour pass until I take another bite, trying to make sure there are no ill effects. This food is far from ideal, but it can keep me going for a few weeks, even months. However, I hope to find an exit sooner. Much sooner.
I do a quick check of the walls, looking for a way out. There is no exit. Even so, I decide to spend the remaining of the day here, resting my legs and filling my log with notes while my memories are still fresh. Writing will calm my thoughts and help me think of a solution. It may look at first like wasted time, but searching blindly around for a gallery that leads to the surface won’t take me out of here any faster.
Five or six hours later (that’s my best estimate of time, anyway), I’m done with the writing. While filling my pages with notes, I kept nibbling from the white mushrooms. I check once more the cave for an exit, or at least for a gallery to take me farther. No luck this time, either. Disappointed, I have a frugal dinner made of another bunch of raw mushrooms. I leave the cavern for a short time to quench my thirst on the river flowing nearby, then I come back and plunge into a deep sleep.
theta

 

Once upon a time, I, Chuang Tzu, dreamed I was a butterfly, a butterfly full of life, flying back and forth, feeling happy and at ease in this state. I was completely unaware of being Tzu. Suddenly I woke up, and here I was myself again, the genuine Tzu. Then I realized I did not know whether I had formerly been a man dreaming I was a butterfly or whether I was now a butterfly dreaming I was a man. Yet, between a human being and a butterfly, there has to be a difference. This is called the Transformation of Things.
A breeze of cold air touches my face. I open my eyes. The words of the great sage are echoing inside my head. Why have I just remembered them so intensely while being asleep? Perhaps I strayed from the Way since I have escaped from the city?
The air is still dark, but the dawn is near. Pale shadows are dancing on the ceiling above. Scratching noises are coming from someplace in front of me. I lift myself into a sitting position and look around. A dying fire is burning at my right. A makeshift spear and a stone ax lay on the floor at my left. Where am I? Where is the big cave with a luminous ceiling and white mushrooms? I feel lost for a few moments. Then, slowly, my memories come back.
One week ago, I got separated from my men during the fight in Gold City. I’m trying to rejoin them by following the river course on this roundabout route until I reach the sea. Sturdy sticks tied with vines jam the entrance of my little cave, preventing any unwanted intrusion. And from the other side, an unknown beast is trying to get in.
Still dizzy from my vivid dream (it felt like I’ve lived in it for seven days), I throw a few dry twigs over the embers. The interior of the cave brightens. Then I take in my hand a burning piece of wood and come closer to the entrance. Behind the trembling shadows of the coarse grid, I glimpse a lizard-like animal scratching with its front paws at the protective barrier. The creature looks large enough to kill me. A quick poke with my spear through the empty spaces makes it retreat for now with an angry hiss.
The sun will rise soon, and I hope to have a quiet morning. However, I know the beast will come back after nightfall. Then I might not be so lucky with my shelter anymore if I chose to continue my trip and it keeps following me.
I decide to spend the whole morning resting and filling my log with details from the last few days. Questions after questions pile up in my mind. Am I awake now? Am I dreaming? Which one is the reality, and which one is the dream? I feel like I have been living two parallel lives in two distinct realities. In each of these two realities, I believed I was awake in the one I was experiencing while the other was supposed to be just a dream. Maybe I’m dreaming right now, and my real life is manifesting itself inside that deep network of caverns?
No! This one, from this moment, has to be the reality, and the other one only a dream. I have walked on the streets of Gold City. I have seen the forest filled with human cocoons. I ran away from the soldiers who were trying to kill me. And now I’m here, trekking along this river until I shall reach the sea.
Sitting on a boulder and gazing at the foamy flow, I realize I might face a difficult situation. The canyon is too narrow, and its slopes are too steep. I can’t keep trekking along the river’s bank and can’t move away from it, either. Also, there are not enough big pieces of wood here, and I don’t have enough vines to make a decent raft that I could ride until I reach my destination. I don’t see fish in the water anymore, and I’m running out of food.
Going back won’t help much, for I can’t use my knife to cut any of the trees I’ve passed by to make a raft. A stone ax would take a long time to do the job. In addition to this, I don’t remember seeing any fallen thick branches that would be good enough to keep me afloat in the water. On top of that, I can’t be sure the soldiers from the city haven’t begun pursuing me on this side of the river. I certainly don’t want to bump into them.
Suddenly, an interesting idea comes to my mind. If I can catch that annoying lizard, I shan’t have to worry anymore about being stalked and might get enough food for a week. I don’t expect the meat to taste delicious, but it has to be edible. I could also use some of the skin and guts, combined with vines, to tie together many dry sticks and branches that litter the bank here. From these pieces of wood, I could build a small raft. It won’t keep me dry but is going to be large enough to carry me downstream.
I make laces from vines and set my traps at the entrance. I tie their ends to sticks that can’t slide through the grid. I’m going to pull the nooses through my door and capture the front paws of the lizard when it comes again.
Once caught, the beast won’t be able to escape. I also make my door sturdier. Now it can withstand without problems any hard pushing or pulling. I spend the rest of the day fishing, but without success. Today I have to go to sleep hungry. At sunset, I enter my cave, jam the door closed, light the fire, and wait. A few minutes later, the fatigue overpowers me, my eyelids close, and I fall asleep.
♣
June 21 — I wake up hearing the already familiar scratching noise. I can’t tell for how long I’ve slept, but it’s still dark outside. Carefully, I crawl towards the grid. When I see a paw sticking out and trying to dismantle the door, I wrap a noose around it and pull. The third attempt is successful. A loud hiss comes from the other side. The grid is shaken hard but manages to stay in place. I immediately start hitting with my spear through the gaps. Every time I pull it back, blood covers the knife tied at its end. The angry hisses of the big prey animal are getting louder and louder.
The uneven fight goes on for about half an hour. Then the hisses diminish in intensity, transforming into rattles and slowly dying out. The struggle has ended. Only the monotonous melody of the flowing river is pouring into my ears now. I’ve stabbed the beast over a hundred times, and it has finally stopped moving. Through the cave’s entrance, the pale light of the dawn is sieving in, cold and indifferent.
With caution, I open the makeshift door and get out of the cave. I’m holding the stone ax at my chest, ready to strike. The predator that had been stalking me is a huge lizard, similar to a Komodo dragon from south-east Asia. It is about ten feet long and probably weighs more than one hundred and fifty pounds. Its body is covered in blood, punctured in many places by the stab wounds from my spear. The small eyes of the beast have a glassy gaze, while its powerful jaws are half-open. It looks dead. I suppose only extreme hunger could push this reptile to follow me with such insistence. Perhaps it came from the higher lands surrounding this valley. It doesn’t matter anymore.
I step closer, intending to cut its skin open. With a final spasm, the monster comes back to life. It stretches its neck and bites my left leg before I have time to react. The wound hurts like hell. My stone ax hits its head over and over until it smashes the skull completely and a puddle of dark blood surrounds it. Now the animal is dead for sure, but I’m wounded and need to act quickly before the cuts in my flesh become infected. In this wilderness, such a bite can easily lead to death. I can’t take any chances.
First of all, I throw a few dry twigs over the dying embers from the cave. The flames are coming back to life a minute later. Limping to the river bank, I initially clean my leg by immersing it in the cold water until the blood gushing slows down. Then I tear off a sleeve of my mantle, make it wet, and keep it above the burning fire until it’s hot and steamy. I do the same thing with the wound until I can’t bear the burning sensation anymore.
This procedure intends to disinfect the bite. I’ve seen the surgeon from our ship using it in similar situations. The wound is not deep, but I suspect the beast’s saliva was full of dangerous germs. With the improvised sterile bandage tied over the bitten area, I can only pray and hope to be all right by tomorrow morning.
I spend the rest of the day separating the lizard’s edible parts from those intended to tie my raft. After I finish, I cut the skin from the tail in thin stripes. As they are lining the riverbank, the stripes look almost like a collection of leather belts. They are much better than the vines and seem strong enough to keep together large bundles of wooden sticks. By nightfall, I have also built a small raft. As expected, it won’t help me stay dry while riding the river flow, but it can do a decent job in keeping my body afloat for the trip through the narrow gorge. However, it’s already too late to leave now. I’ll have to wait until tomorrow.
Late evening — Today, I had three nutritious meals from the beast’s meat, and there is enough food left for another five or six days. The bitten leg hurts, but I feel better than in the morning. I have changed the bandage and still pray the wound doesn’t become infected overnight. It’s still too early to make a prediction.
The longest day of the year will end soon, and I’m going for a final night of sleep in this cave. However, is June 21 the longest day here, in this realm with a different sun? I had no time to notice any change in the day length in the short time spent on the Island. In any case, the daylight lasts almost three hours longer than the darkness. I also find curious the fact that this world has a day length so close to ours.
♣
June 22 — I wake up at sunrise feeling weak and dizzy. My wounded leg is numb while lying down. I guess this is somewhat better than feeling the bite’s pain. However, I’m not that lucky. As soon as I try to stand up, thousands of knives seem to cut in pieces my shin and ankle. My head is burning. I quickly understand that my wound became infected overnight and I’ve got a fever.
There is no chance for me to survive like this in this isolated place. I need heat, sunrays, and herbs to heal my bitten flesh. I can’t waste any time. I have to get out of this valley while I still have some strength left. In this desolate landscape, in this realm of loneliness, in this sad adventure, there is only one more character left for me to meet: Death.
Despite my weakness, I push myself to stay active. I untie the vines still holding my cave door and use them for strengthening the raft. Then I place the door’s frame above to improve its stability. Sometimes I hear voices around, but I know they are only hallucinations produced by my fever. All my body is in pain. Yet, any rest is going to delay my departure even more. Any new delay could be fatal. I avoid stepping on my wounded leg and rely on a makeshift crutch to move around.
Although I have no appetite, I light up the fire for the last time and force myself to swallow a big breakfast from the remaining meat of the killed lizard. There is still enough food for almost a week. After I finish eating, I place everything that could be of some use in my vine basket. Then I carefully tie all my luggage to the raft.
It’s noon when I’m finally ready to go. This floating platform won’t keep me dry. Still, when the current carries me to the sea, the raft will help me stay afloat, protecting my body from the stones and boulders that fill the river’s path. I step into the water. I get on top of my fragile craft as if I were riding a horse and let the flow drive me through the canyon.
I hold a long stick in my hands, trying to use it as a paddle. My wounded leg hurts, but the pain is bearable now. Sometimes I sink into the water down to my stomach. The stream feels freezing in the beginning, but I get used to it a few minutes later.
Flimsy and unstable, my raft is balancing on top of the furious currents. I’m shaking from fever and can barely sit straight. My throat is sore. My nose is runny. Fits of coughing explode from my lungs whenever I expect them least. Still, despite my precarious state, I push myself to escape from this bare place before it’s too late.
♣
At first, my speed is about two miles per hour, but it triples about half an hour later. I’m carried by the flow faster and faster, sliding between two never-ending vertical cliffs. Both sides of the canyon look imposing, rising now to a height of about a thousand feet. The river width is no more than a hundred feet now. Here and there, large boulders cut the stream ahead. They are dangerous for my raft. Luckily, I’ve managed so far to avoid them in time by using the stick in my hands or my legs deeply immersed in water. And so I continue to slide at high speed through this ravine sunk in gray twilight, as shot from a giant sling.
When the sky above begins to darken, I know it must be late afternoon. I’m already moving at about seven miles per hour. The temperature of the water feels warmer and more comfortable now. Is it possible that some hot springs mix up their streams with the river flow in this area, like in the swamp where I hid from the soldiers for two days? My rough estimate is that I have already covered almost twenty miles. I still hope to see the canyon’s end today, so I decide to continue my trip until nightfall. My body is getting numb from the cold. Nonetheless, I trust it can bear this harsh punishment a little longer.
At dusk, the cliffs move away from each other, and the canyon widens appreciably. Patches of grass, trees, and flowers grow again on the riverside, filling the landscape with vivid colors. With my last drops of energy, I turn the raft towards the left bank and get out of the stream.
The firewood is abundant here. I take my clothes off and squeeze the water out of them. Then I light a big fire, trying to warm my frozen body. While the heat of the flames is caressing my skin, I let my gaze wander around and spot nearby a couple of trees with orange-like fruits. I need about one hour of rest until I can stand up again on my healthy leg. It’s already dark when I finally manage to cover the distance separating me from the trees by leaning heavily on a stick. I pick a few fruits and bring them to my camp.
I feel weak and lack any appetite, but I force myself to eat some lizard meat and a couple of fruits. Then I wrap my wounded leg in leaves fallen from the trees within my reach, hoping they might have some healing qualities. Surrounded by the warmth of the fire and with my partially dried clothes back on, I soon fall into a painful sleep under the emotionless gaze of the stars.
♣
June 23 — The sun wakes me up early in the morning with an explosion of bright colors. Its warmth feels comforting, like a soft hand stroking my face and chest. I try to stand up, but my body doesn’t obey me. However, my fever has subsided, and my health seems to have slightly improved overnight. I need more rest to recover my strength, so I move under the shade of a tree go back to sleep.
It’s already afternoon when I open my eyes again. My fever has come back. I feel cold. I drag myself next to the ashes left by last night’s fire. I place on top all the branches gathered the previous evening. With a lot of effort, I manage to start another fire and collapse next to it.
I’m feeling worse. Much worse. Unable to write in my log, unable to eat, unable to move. My wounded leg is burning, and I can’t even bend it. My body is trying to split into thousands of pieces. I’m a rusty cup filled to the brim with pain. Lying on my right side, I do all I can to avoid thinking about it. Only an arm-length away, oblivious to my suffering, a few black ants are passing by, marching around the narrow blades of grass.
This is the end, I guess. Looking back, I can say with confidence that my life was not so bad. I learned new things, met good people, and left behind a few small achievements. I should not feel sorry to meet death now. Sooner or later, we all have to take our farewell from this world. And then we’ll stand in front of the Supreme Judge when the time for the Great Judgment comes. I only hope He will be merciful regarding my mistakes and will have pity on my sinful soul. I start praying and keep doing so until my body becomes numb and my thoughts sink into darkness.
iota

 
Light and shadow, alternating in slow motion. Colorful shapes with fuzzy edges moving in spirals. And with them, the strange impression that time is flowing along a tiny closed loop, making me live the same moments over and over.
Pain. Agony. Perhaps time itself is an illusion. I feel like I’m riding on a giant pendulum back and forth between past and present, never reaching the future. Is this a direct experience, or is it an intense memory that emerged from the depths of my brain to haunt and torture my final hours?
♣
I couldn’t understand what was happening to me. It looked like I was being lifted from the ground and carried away. My vision was blurry. My sense of hearing wasn’t working. Therefore, I couldn’t be sure of anything I was experiencing at that moment. I was unable to move or talk. All I could do was breathe slowly. But even the air pouring into my lungs felt viscous, like a mixture of water and mud.
Nothing seemed real. My mind perceived the world like a hallucination, like a nightmare. Only the pain from within felt genuine, and it was overwhelming. Still, I couldn’t utter the slightest sound to complain about it.
Perhaps I was being taken somewhere. But where? And by whom?
♣
This must be the heart of hell. It seems I’ve been evil after all, even though I used to see myself as a decent person. The time to pay for my mistakes has come. I didn’t deserve redemption, so an eternity of suffering is waiting for me.
My eyes stay open, and my eyelids are frozen. My gaze is glassy, immobile, like the gaze of the dead lizard. I seem to lie on my back inside a long canoe, yet I can’t be sure of what my wretched senses tell me. Everything looks hazy and distorted. And I can’t hear anything.
The big sky is pressing my skull, and white clouds are burning my head. They go in and out, unconcerned about my pain. My head is as big as a mountain, and I can’t change its position. Soon it will get crushed under its own weight. At least this is going to give me some satisfaction: I imagine the clouds getting squeezed until they pop up like soap bubbles. This sight makes me want to laugh, but my mouth remains stiff, for my lips are made of stone. Now I see: all my body is made of stone. That’s why I can’t budge any part of it.
Like a bird gliding high in the air, a face is moving across the sky. It’s a young woman’s face, and it’s upside down. I can’t get a clear view of the girl. However, she has long black hair, pale skin, big eyes, arched eyebrows, full lips, and a delicate nose. It seems I’ve seen her before. Or maybe I have dreamed of her? Wait, I think these thoughts have already crossed my mind not so long ago. Where and when did they do that? I can’t remember. I’m too tired to remember.
♣
It has become apparent to me that this is not hell, after all. You can’t have beauty in hell. Nor compassion or hope. Something comes close to my lips. It looks like a wooden cup. The young woman is trying to open my mouth and pour the cup’s contents inside it. Despite the intense pain that tortures my body within, I am entirely numb to external sensations. A swallowing move follows a few moments later, induced by the gentle pressure of her fingers against my neck. Only it doesn’t seem to come from me. I can’t feel any taste, yet somehow the liquid slides down my throat.
My eyes continue to stay open as if frozen, and I can’t lower my eyelids over them. Then the world around me is fading away. A few moments later, I dive deeply into the realm of dreams. Only my empty gaze, like the gaze of the dead lizard, remains in this world, embracing the vast sky.
♣
For the first time in a long while, I hear voices. I don’t know how long I have slept. My body is stiff and in pain, yet I can slowly move my eyelids and rotate my eyeballs. I can also close my eyes, and this is a blessing. My vision has somewhat improved. Now I can see with reasonable clarity the things around me. Tree branches are cutting the sky at regular intervals. Red fruits are hanging from many of them. Sometimes they turn into white birds and fly away. Sometimes white birds appear from somewhere else and become fruits.
The canoe is quietly sliding downstream, moving with grace over the white currents. The face of a middle-aged man is smiling at me. I try to smile back, but my lips are too stiff. The faintest attempt to move any part of my body throws me into an ocean of pain. Again, the man is pouring something from a wooden cup into my mouth. This time I can feel the swallowing of a warm, bitter liquid. Then the girl’s head appears above from the other side, throwing me a supportive look.
The two are probably father and daughter, as there are similarities in their facial features. They speak an unknown, musical tongue that is vaguely familiar. Is this the same language as the one I’ve heard at the palace during the dinner? I can’t remember how it sounded. I think it was not so different from Latin. The effort to recall facts and things is still beyond my weakened power. I sink into a deep slumber again.
♣
When I come back to my senses, I’m lying in a bed, inside a room full of light. I can lift my head a bit and move my lips. The rest of my body is still sore and unresponsive to my commands, feeling heavy and rigid like a block of stone.
The bed is made of dark-red wood. A soft mattress wrapped in a white sheet covers it. In front of me, a table and two chairs from the same material are the only other pieces of furniture I can glimpse. Farther ahead, a wide window opens towards a garden full of trees.
The sun is just rising above a far-away mountain ridge that lines the horizon. When I finally manage to turn my head left and right, I discover shelves filled with clay pots and books on the side walls. The place looks surprisingly similar to a typical room from my world. There is nothing exotic about it. I am alone in this room and spend some time trying, without success, to lift myself in a sitting position.
Minutes later, the young woman comes in and examines my face, neck, and hands. She checks my pulse, then says something in her musical language, but I can’t understand her words. I’m trying to reply. My lips are moving, but no sound is coming out of my mouth. She smiles and adds a sentence that sounds like encouragement. Then she brings to my lips a cup filled with herbal tea. The taste is somewhat bitter, perhaps similar to what they’ve made me drink in the canoe. Every sip seems to pour a little more strength into my body. Then the young woman closes her eyes and moves her head to the side with the joined palms next to it, suggesting I should go back to sleep.
♣
I don’t see the sun through the window anymore. Yet, it’s still bright outside. For how long have I been in this room? Or is this my first day here? I can move my head and arms a little now, but the rest of my body is still numb. The positive part is that the pain is gone. The man is sitting on a chair at the table, writing something on a sheet of paper. Through the open window, I can smell the pleasant fragrance of the flowers from the garden.
“Hello,” I utter in a weak voice. I can hardly hear my own words. Nonetheless, the man puts the pencil down, turns his head, and looks at me. He replies in this unknown tongue, yet I can’t follow what he says. I point the index finger to my chest and say: “Alberto.”
The man understands this is my name.
“Eori,” he replies.
We smile at each other. I tap the bed and say: “bed.” He taps it a moment later and says: “lito.” It sounds more like “letoh.”
The wall, table, chairs, and window are brought into focus in the same way while I point towards them. The effort makes me tired, but I’m happy I can begin to communicate with these people. Soon, probably seeing my exhausted expression, the man closes his eyes and tilts his head to the side, saying: “dormo.” This time I know what he means. It has to be the word for sleep. I repeat after him: “dormo,” then descend into the realm of dreams.
♣
Probably one more day has passed. My health continues to improve. Now I can lift my body in a sitting position for a short time. I still can’t feel or control my legs. On a chair placed near my bed lie several empty sheets of paper. Next to them is a pencil: a narrow charcoal cylinder inserted in a long tube made of a reed-like plant. It looks as good as the pencils from my country.
The paper is slightly rough to the touch with a vague greenish color, yet otherwise appears to be of decent quality. I suppose it’s made from a species of local reed, perhaps similar to the Egyptian papyrus. My rescuers must have left the sheets here for me to take notes. And I feel grateful for their gesture.
The young woman comes in again, and I learn that her name is Nivit. My eyes see clearly now, and I can’t stop admiring her beauty. She reminds me of the princess from Gold City, hence the feeling of familiarity when I saw her face for the first time.
The long black hair, the oval face with pale skin, the black eyes with arched eyebrows, the full lips, and the delicate nose give her an aristocratic and slightly oriental appearance. Anyone who saw them next to each other would think of them as sisters. Yet, now I doubt that my memory of the king’s daughter is correct. I only saw her in my long dream, in a dream where I remained trapped inside a giant underground maze.
I point to my wooden box from the table. Nivit nods, reaches for the case, and lays it gently into my hands. I open the lid slowly. The notebook and the pencils are inside, all in good condition. I look at Nivit and smile, expressing a wordless “thank you,” happy for not losing my little treasure.
Soon I shall start to fill the remaining pages from my log with more notes about the recent events. Yet, I would like to focus for the time being on expanding my vocabulary in the local language. In the next ten minutes, I learn a few more words and write them down on the sheets of paper brought by my new friends. Then the young woman feeds me some cereal balls made of brown seeds and tasting like cooked rice.
♣
Day after day, strength trickles back into my body. I can feel and move my legs again, but I’m still too weak to stand up. My sleep intervals are now shorter, and I can stay awake for one hour at a time. In the garden outside, white birds are flying among trees with orange-like fruits. At the edge of the sky, the tall mountains with their peaks covered in snow guard the horizon. I’m in a village at the edge of the river and gradually get to know more and more local people who come into this room to see me.
Also, it’s a pleasure to wash my body with soap again. Not to mention using a species of narrow, dried leaves for cleaning my teeth. For quite a few days, I had to rely on sand and soft-wood twigs to do this job.
At night, my rescuers use luminous globes to chase the darkness away. They are similar to the ones in the city. If the windows are left open, moths with blue wings come in and begin to circle leisurely around these unusual sources of light. I’m surprised to see the globes here, too. What makes them stay alight for such a long time? What kind of fuel do they use?
With the expansion of my vocabulary in their language, communication with the local people improves in small steps. The grammar is simple and regular. The words are easy to learn and pronounce, for most of them have Latin roots. One can build new constructs by combining basic blocks while following clear and easy-to-remember rules. Ideas, concepts, questions, and answers: all fly back and forth between the locals and me, like a swarm of butterflies. Little by little, I learn how I was discovered and rescued.
Eori and Nivit were in the area close to the canyon, collecting medicinal plants. They found me unconscious next to the fire that was still burning. I was lucky to be stumbled upon by them less than a day after arriving in that area. The poison from the lizard’s bite was already on its way to achieve its full effect. Had my new friends reached me just a few hours later, my journey to the World of Shadows would have been one with no return.
What I believed to be a fever generated by my wound infection was, in fact, the effect of the poison from the beast’s saliva. The exposure to low water temperature during my journey on the makeshift raft cooled my body and slowed down blood circulation. It delayed the spread of the toxin, and I could survive to see another sunrise. However, the sunlight and the heat from the fire sped up the destructive process the next day, and I was already on the verge of death when my rescuers discovered me. On the other hand, it was the smoke from a fire in such an unpopulated area that drew their attention. Ultimately, it gave them a chance to bring me back to life.
So, perhaps I can say the fire did save me in the end, even though its heat increased the speed of my body’s destruction. As they noticed my wounded leg and spotted the remains of the lizard on the tiny raft from the bank, Eori and Nivit correctly assessed the cause of my sickness. They were able to start treating me right away with an infusion of plants designed to neutralize the effects of the poison and pull it out of my body. The leaves I had used for the bite would have been good enough for a typical wound but proved to be inefficient for that situation.
♣
As the days went on, I began taking short walks inside the garden and visited the rest of the settlement. It was a village with twenty-five houses, all made of precisely cut blocks of gray stone and covered with wooden tiles painted in green. Each building was quite large and had three or four rooms. A rectangular network of narrow alleys linked the houses to each other. A building in the center was even used as a library. The village area extended to the river bank and was bordered by ponds and forests in the opposite direction.
Most people living here, almost a hundred souls, were farmers or fishermen. Some of them were also occasional hunters on the nearby mountain slopes. I felt safe in this place, confident that no soldier from Gold City would follow me this far through the treacherous canyon.
The locals spoke this musical tongue regular in structure and easy to learn. It was surprisingly similar to some languages from our world and remarkably close to Latin. The river, named Kai, was about one hundred yards wide here, crossing a relatively flat ground near the village. The climate was pleasant at this time of the year, with warm days and moderately cool nights.
Four days after I had woken up inside Eori’s house, I was already conversational in their language. The words were easy to remember. And at night, while asleep, I had the strange feeling that someone was reciting them to me over and over again, trying to make sure I won’t forget anything. Their tongue didn’t have a name. They called it “Lingvo,” meaning “language.”
What amazed me was that Nivit, Eori, and Etin, the village chief, were learning my language faster than I was learning theirs. Even though it had an irregular structure and more word roots. Once they heard a word in my tongue and its translation, it would stick to their brains as if they had known it since forever.
Unlike in the city, I did not see here many objects made of gold. Stone, wood, steel, and silver were the standard materials for construction, tools, or artifacts. Using my limited vocabulary and several sheets of paper to illustrate my ideas, I asked the villagers about the port city on the coast. Instead of the expected affirmative answer, I received surprised looks. They knew nothing about Gold City and replied that, based on their knowledge, the whole region along Kai River upstream from their settlement was uninhabited. Only traveling downstream for about two days, you could find another village: Vol. Then, going for another week, one would pass several more settlements and finally reach a city named Sen, still far from the coast.
From the number of days needed to arrive there by canoe, that city sounded more than two hundred miles away. Obviously, it was not in the area where I expected to find Excelsior. All this time, I had had the feeling that the Kai River slowly turned right in a wide curve. Therefore, I expected to see it reaching the sea after twenty or thirty miles. Except it didn’t. The Island behaved as if it had been artificially built, patched up from many independent pieces by an inexperienced architect, or perhaps by someone with a twisted mind. Yet, who would bring to life such a place? And why?
I asked the villagers again about the nearest place where I could get to the ocean’s shore. They told me the coast was behind the mountains, maybe thirty miles away. But to reach it, I had to use high-altitude passes. They went over inhospitable terrains that sometimes were exposed to extreme weather. People hadn’t ventured there for decades.
The river itself flew into the sea, but much farther away and in the opposite direction. It took about two weeks to navigate along its stream until reaching the coast. And yes, there was a large city there, but its name was Adir. By my estimates, I had already traveled about seventy-five to eighty miles from Gold City to Eldor. Two weeks by canoe downstream along the river would mean at least another four hundred to four hundred and fifty miles. The Island was quite large, indeed. Or maybe it was a continent?
My mastery of the local language continued to improve. Helped by drawings, I could now tell these people my own story. They were surprised to learn about the connection between our two worlds, about our ship, and the large quantity of gold from Gold City. Still, I didn’t tell them everything, keeping quiet about the part with the human cocoons. Somehow, I felt like I would miss the chance to solve the mystery of that place if I talked about it here.
Then I tried to tell them about my world, describing its large cities, carriages pulled by horses, guns and cannons, clocks and pocket watches, piano and violin music, our steam machines, our experience in map drawing and sea navigation, and our sciences: astronomy, geography, medicine, biology, chemistry, and physics.
Even though my vocabulary numbered now over five hundred words, this proved to be a difficult task. Many of the concepts involved here didn’t have an equivalent in the locals’ language. However, despite my narrative clumsiness, my new friends showed a keen interest in my discourse. Also, while listening to me, they often wrote down notes on their own sheets of paper.
I only had my broken pocket watch as something specific to my realm, so I showed it to the villagers. Ezer, the steel master, was deeply impressed by its internal structure. He asked me if I would allow him to fix it. I was skeptical about the odds of having my watch repaired in a place that probably had no access to the required tools. However, I agreed and entrusted it to him.
Ezer took the watch to his workshop. With infinite care, he opened it up and cleaned the rusty parts from inside with plant oil. Then he reheated and reshaped the cracked glass in front of a small furnace, using delicate steel pliers.
The next day, Ezer brought the watch back in excellent working condition. My mouth dropped open when I saw it. I admired the quality of his repair, hardly able to believe my eyes. If these people, who dwelt in an isolated village and lived a simple life, could do what Ezer had just done, what were their limits if they tried to be like those in my world? Who were they? Perhaps, even better said: what were they? From where had they come? I went to Nadar, the village teacher, and asked him these questions, but he avoided a direct answer. Therefore, I decided to drop the matter for the time being.
My feeling that this world was not natural continued to intensify. It did not seem created by God in ancient times but built recently by someone who was not all-powerful. Other issues that did not fit were the proper names for both people and places. They were supposed to resonate with the spoken language and have some meaning in it, yet they didn’t. All of them sounded like coming from another tongue, one that nobody used anymore.
I got a partial explanation for the fuel used by the light globes. The unusual sources of light were made of hollow glass spheres that enclosed tiny luminous organisms. The creatures fed on rotting wood or certain types of stone. One could find them at night on trunks of dead trees or inside caves. Occasionally, the villagers harvested them when they needed new sources of light.
If regularly fed, the colonies from the glass shells could thrive for months, even years. However, inside the maze of caves near Gold City, it seemed no one had fed the globes for decades or even centuries. How could they stay lit that long? Yet, how can we explain the things from our dreams? Earth has creatures that produce this type of light, too, but their luminosity is much fainter.
The villagers used an alphabet with rounded symbols, as simple as ours, probably identical to the one from Gold City. I learned to read and write in it with confidence in less than a week. Nadar was particularly helpful in this endeavor. I was now spending about six hours a day in his studio, learning to speak the locals’ language. Both Nadar and I were working on making a good dictionary. Yanit and Evelle, a married couple, and Tevit, a young girl, sorted the words in order on small pieces of paper in both alphabets. They planned to copy them later into a large notebook to be used like a dictionary.
Just seven days after my arrival in Eldor, our list already had almost two thousand words. We could use the dictionary to express most things in ordinary conversations. I was still surprised by how fast these people learned my language. And I was also stunned by my speed in learning theirs.
I already knew by name everybody from the village. Their physical appearance suggested a trace of Asian ancestry in their blood. Their faces had harmonious features that would make one think they came from noble families. The men were well-built and of average height. The women, a bit shorter, looked delicate and charming. Yet, physically, they were almost as strong as their masculine counterparts. Most men and women wore their dark hair long, tied to the back. Nobody looked older than fifty.
The attire worn by the locals varied in color and shape. The clothes were designed with practicality in mind but didn’t lack a certain esthetic sense. Most days, the villagers would don a pair of trousers, a long-sleeved shirt, and a jacket. The women’s clothes were similar to men’s but usually covered by delicate embroideries. The women wore dresses or skirts only for festive occasions. For footwear, I saw sandals, shoes, or boots. I was a bit surprised by the low number of children. The locals told me in ambiguous terms that they could control their birthrate and preferred to maintain their population low to avoid straining the local resources.
♣
July 3 — Another day is coming to an end. I’m getting back to my log, trying to put some order in my thoughts. I hope the remaining sheets of my notebook can help me do that.
After narrowly escaping from the claws of death, I woke up in this isolated village with friendly people. I owe my gratitude to Eori and Nivit for saving my life. Like in Gold City, I haven’t seen any old persons here. I asked the locals about this unusual phenomenon. They had difficulties understanding my question. Besides, they seem to have a lifespan longer than the people on Earth. It is also a bit complicated to convert the terms representing “year” and “month” because the units used by natives are different.
Now, getting back to Gold City and thinking about the cocoons filling the forest, why were those people there? Were they all old? Maybe some were sick? Was that place a cemetery for their dead? Or perhaps they did not die there but changed into something else? Cocoons always make me think of butterflies.
“What happens to your people when their lives end?” I asked the village chief a few days ago.
“When their life force is almost gone, and the destruction of their body is near, they leave us,” Etin replied.
I thought he meant “they die” and did not press for more details. So, I’ll have to assume these people look young and in good shape until they come near the end of their lives. It seems Nivit’s mother left her in the same way when she was little. I could not get any details about this event from her life, anyway. In any case, there is no cocoon forest near the village, and nobody has “died” in Eldor this year, whatever “death” means to them.
This afternoon, Nivit took me fishing. When she focused her attention on the fishing line, I was glancing at her discreetly, admiring her complexion and body shape. She speaks my language now better than I can speak hers. Her physical perfection is well-balanced by a mind as sharp as a razor. Seeing Nivit day after day, I know that love has taken deep roots in my heart, and its flower will open soon.
I’m still incompletely recovered. To get my full strength back, I may need to stay in the village for another week or two. There are still some traces of the lizard’s poison left in my body. The bite has left a big scar above my ankle, but the skin is healing well. Any physical strain makes me tired. So, I try to limit myself to short walks in the garden and some fishing, preferring to spend most of my time learning from Nadar or talking to Nivit. I have the feeling that she is not indifferent to my attention, either. What if I bring her to my ship and then to my world? Will she agree to spend the rest of her life with me, far away from her people?
Looking at my adventures so far, I realize that our arrival on the Island was a matter of pure luck. One cannot create at will the conditions that enable a crossing between our worlds. If Nivit comes with me, she may never see her village again. So, another question comes to life: can Excelsior go back at all? When I think of the historical accounts, most ships that reached the Island returned to Earth, eventually. Hence, it seems it’s much easier to go back than to come here. However, I feel that one needs to fulfill certain conditions to make this happen.
Perhaps I could forget about my people and stay in this village for the rest of my life? I would do farm work, fish, and sometimes hunt, like everybody else. I could spend many evenings in the library, reading from the available books and writing a few myself, for Eldor has a pressing machine, even though most tomes are hand-written.
I would see Nivit every day. Then maybe we could start a family, have kids, teach the villagers about my world, improve life here, and make it more interesting. Back then, the people from Gold City would have forgotten about me, and I should be at no risk of being captured when paying them a visit in a more distant future.
However, to visit Gold City, I need to find a different route. It would be impossible to paddle a canoe through the gorge while going against the powerful river stream. Scaling the rocks and trekking around the canyon is not going to be an easy task, either. The villagers told me that all the mountains upstream have vertical slopes, impossible to climb without ropes.
Yet, before staying here for good, I have to fulfill my duty to my captain and my crew. They need to know I’m alive. I want to give them a detailed report about what I have experienced, the places visited, and the people encountered inland.
♣
July 4 — My body is still weak, but I can do farm work for short intervals of time. The Eldorians grow many types of plants. That includes fruits, vegetables, and a cereal looking like a hybrid between wheat and rice named aledo (pronounced “alaydo”). The name of the village comes from the name of its people, but its origin and meaning are lost. The local climate favors agriculture. Every few days, rain falls for one hour or so, keeping the ground moist and the crops healthy. Another unusual thing is that the villagers don’t have domestic animals or pets. Also, I don’t remember seeing mice or rats on the Island.
I brought several big stones from the river bank. I used them as weights for various exercises to work out my muscles and regain my previous fitness level. Some villagers found this idea funny and gathered around to watch my training with wide grins on their faces.
Nivit spends a lot of time with me lately. Most afternoons, I continue to work with Nadar and the others to improve the dictionary. The list now has about four thousand words. Almost without realizing it, we have become fluent in each other’s language. Communication difficulties are a thing of the past. Eori continues to watch over my health. I still take between meals the medicine prescribed by him. Somehow, I’ve got the feeling this treatment has a powerful effect on my memory, too. It has improved it significantly and helps me assimilate their language must faster than under normal circumstances.
July 5 — I’m recovering quicker than expected. I can run without stopping for one minute and can also do ten pushups. I have asked the Eldorians if they have four seasons here, like in my country. They answered affirmatively. It’s just that their winter is mild and does not have any snow. Snow is something to be found only high up in the mountains.
Apparently, the axis of their planet is tilted by about twenty-one degrees. This part of the Island lies at around thirty-nine degrees northern latitude. The Eldorians use a different system for measuring angles. They count one hundred degrees for a full circle, each degree subdivided into one hundred smaller units. But I won’t get into details here about their angular measurement units.
Their year is shorter than ours, having only 273 days. This makes its length shorter by one quarter than the length of Earth’s year. It is divided into fifteen months, each eighteen days long that fill two hundred and seventy days. The months don’t have proper names. They are only referred to as first, second, and so on. Each day is divided into twenty hours, and each hour into twenty minutes.
The villagers call the last three days at the end of the year the Days of Year Change. These days are not part of any month. Every eleven years, they add a fourth day to correct the calendar. A month (monato) is subdivided into six-day intervals. This interval is called tagsesoj ( meaning six days and pronounced “tag-ses-oh”). The days of the week don’t have names either. Their summer solstice doesn’t coincide with ours and will occur in one week.
In some ways, their calendar is more practical than ours. However, I shall continue to use the one from my world in my log for the sake of consistency. Because their year is shorter, this sun is smaller and lighter, and their world is closer to it. Unfortunately, I don’t have the tools to estimate the distance to their sun. As for the size of their world, I believe it’s close to Earth’s. Now it’s also summer here, and it is the last day of the third month. For distance, weight, or volume, they employ standardized empirical units based on body measures, as most people from my world used to do until a few centuries ago.
They call the big moon from this sky Luno. The name means nothing else but “moon.” It needs a little over seventeen days and a half to move around their world, called Esyon (pronounced “Ayseeon”) by the locals. That means it’s closer to the planet. Also, the angle of its orbital plane with the ecliptic is higher than for Earth’s Moon. Even so, I suppose the solar eclipses are more frequent here than in my world, for this celestial body has a larger angular diameter, about 2.2 times the size of Earth’s Moon.
The interest in astronomy is not so high here. Hence, the village doesn’t have a calendar for eclipse prediction. Every two or three years, the moon passes in front of the sun, sinking the world in darkness for a short time. Last time, this happened a few months ago. Therefore, I suppose I won’t witness an eclipse any time soon. One morning, I used a flame to darken a sheet of glass and looked at the sun through it. Three small dots were marking the left side of its disk. They were sunspots. So, I concluded this sun was similar to the one that shines above my world.
Checking the time of sunrise and sunset with my watch, I was surprised to find out that their day is also twenty-four hours long. Or, anyway, really close to this value. This synchronization between our worlds can’t be a coincidence. I read many astronomy books over the years, and I’m familiar with what the scholars from my world think about life on other planets. Some would be hotter, some colder than Earth, and their day length should vary greatly. Some would be larger, some smaller, so a person’s weight on their surface would change accordingly. I have no means for precise measurements: for that, I would need a well-calibrated spring scale. But my subjective feeling is that the gravitation here is quite close to that on Earth.
Examining the entirely different stars and constellations from this sky, I have concluded I must be far, far away from my world. On Earth, we don’t know precisely how far apart the stars are from each other. However, we are aware that the size of our Solar System is insignificant compared to these distances. Many scientists believe the stars are suns, and so do I. Perhaps quite a few have planets. Excelsior must have sailed somehow to such a planet from another solar system, passing through a giant hidden gate that linked us directly to the other realm.
A different sun shines above my head. It’s larger, paler, and colder. My feet move on the soil of a different world. How can these two planets be sometimes connected so closely, allowing people to cross from one realm to another as if there was no space between them? How can such immense celestial distances be made so short? This thing is beyond my comprehension. Maybe future generations will better understand this phenomenon. I’ve talked about these things with Nivit. She followed my ideas with interest, glad to hear me sharing my thoughts with her.
July 6 — Using my watch as a model, Ezer began working to make a copy of it. With his skills and tools, he hopes to have it finished in about a week. I’m astonished by the abilities of these people. Later, Ezer intends to use my drawings of a telescope to build one to observe the stars himself.
The Eldorians are not particularly religious. Sometimes, the locals pray to a God with no name present in everything. They do not have specific religious holidays. Whenever they feel the need, the people talk to the priest, who is more like a village counselor, about what bothers them. The ideas of sin and eternal punishment are foreign to them. Perhaps there is more faith in this simplicity than in the complex rituals that fill most religions from my world.
Rem, the village priest, told me that two complementary realms make the world: Esyon and Nosyon. Esyon is the realm we see, the place in which we live. The other half, Nosyon, is almost like a mirror of it, the other face of the same coin. Some say their sun is like our moon and the other way around. People live there, too. However, they are not like us.
“Is Nosyon the place I come from?” I asked him.
“No, your realm is a separate entity that seems to sometimes connect to our world through a desoro,” Rem replied.
He could not clearly describe what a desoro is. Nobody else from the village could. The closest word to it is “tunnel.” Where did Rem take this concept from? He could not come with a clear answer.
Every day, Nivit spends many hours in my company. She is an accomplished physician, taking after her father. She also shows a keen interest in physics and astronomy, absorbing like a sponge all the information I share with her on these topics. With access to the right resources of education from my country, she could become a first-class scientist.
July 7 — I ask again the Eldorians who they are and where is their place of origin. Etin says his people have lived here for a long time. When I try to follow with other questions, he suggests I read the books in their library. I already did that. I went through the several hundred tomes filling the shelves there and found no answer to my questions. However, I decide to obey his advice. So I get back inside the building and check all the volumes one more time.
Most books are chronicles of the village, going back in time for more than two centuries. Some are medicine textbooks, similar to those from Earth, describing the use of plants for treating various diseases. I also discover a few scripts that contain poems, songs, legends, and fairy tales about this place and some places downstream. In addition to those, there are books about agriculture and hunting. A few more are about building houses or describe the methods of metalworking. And, as I have already seen previously, the library has nothing about this world’s history or geography. And no maps.
I try to find in the village records more about Nivit’s mother. But there is no information about her. Some books are missing, and the Eldorians don’t know what happened to them. Or perhaps they don’t want me to find out about certain occurrences from the past.
The volumes related to the history of Eldor travel in time for about two hundred and fifty terrestrial years. They describe the local people’s occupations and the most important events, with gaps in a few places. Nothing different from today’s life and no answers about the origin of the village. Two hundred and fifty years ago, it was already here. Even the number of people was close to that of today. There is no data from before that time.
In the end, I’ll probably have to give up asking these questions. It seems the locals don’t have the answers I was hoping for. They saved my life and helped me fully recover from the poisonous bite of the killer lizard. They are my friends, and I have no reason to be suspicious of them.
I expected to need another week to get back in shape, but my healing has sped up during the past couple of days. I’m already making plans for the trip towards the coast. Obviously, gravity is strange on this planet. This river passes close to Gold City, which is near sea level. After the journey that brought me here, I should expect Eldor to be at least one thousand five hundred or even two thousand feet below sea level. However, something tells me that the ocean on the other side of the snowy ridges is significantly lower than the altitude of the houses surrounding me.
I ask Nivit if anyone has recently ventured beyond the mountains, even though the other villagers told me no one has. After a short hesitation, she frowns slightly and responds: “Nobody has gone beyond the ridge in a long time.”
Is it true the villagers have not been there recently? If not, why? This is another issue they seem to be hiding from me. And there is nothing I can do to change the situation.
“I have to return to my ship and tell my captain about my inland journey,” I say. “Someone who knows the highlands could help me get to my destination faster. Do you have any map of the mountains?”
“You already know we don’t use maps,” Nivit replies, a faint smile spreading on her lips.
“That’s too bad. A map would be great for a long trip. In this case, I suppose I’ll have to rely on my orientation abilities to reach the sea. Once on the shore, I plan to build a raft from trees that grow in that area, sail along the coast, and rejoin my people who might still be near Gold City.”
“Do you plan to return to your world later?” she asks with an intense look in her eyes, her cheeks blushing.
“Would you like to come with me and visit my land?” I retort, raising my eyebrows and smiling.
Her eyes brighten, then she returns my smile, looking at me intensely. We both blush, then step close to each other. I caress her hair lightly. Nivit puts her arms around my neck and kisses me.
“I was hoping to hear this,” she says. “Even though no one from the village has traveled to the sea, many people have explored the slopes facing Eldor. We can guide you through the first half of the trip and will help you with the rest until you rejoin your crew.”
I kiss Nivit again and hold her in my arms for a long time. A dozen steps away, the Kai River keeps flowing quietly to the north, away from my destination.
♣
July 8 — I have begun my preparations for the trek over the mountains. My presence here and my stories about Earth seem to have had quite an impact on the villagers. The locals look as if awakened from a deep slumber. Pulled out from their isolation, all the Eldorians are suddenly interested in science, technology, and exploration trips. They would also like to visit my world someday. I barely manage to convince most of them to stay in the village for the time being. Only Nivit, Eori, and a young man named Ron will come with me to Excelsior.
Our party needs new boots and warm clothes to survive the high altitude crossings among the peaks covered in snow. The Eldorians are skilled craftsmen. From antelope skin, they are making new pairs of footwear for our team. They are based on their original design and better than those from my world.
The new clothes that have just replaced my torn military uniform are woven from a sturdy fiber that looks like linen. My companions and I will also use coats made of bear skin to protect us from cold. These bear skins will be combined with small blankets to keep us warm at night. We’ll cover our heads with fur caps and wrap our hands in leather mittens so we can withstand the cold temperatures on the top of the mountains.
Everyone from the village is helping with the preparations. At my suggestion, we shall also build two tents. We’ll use rods from bamboo-like plants as a frame to hold the fabric. Two layers of waterproof canvas painted in black will absorb sunlight and prevent humidity from reaching those sleeping inside. Short ropes and metal pegs will anchor the collapsible shelters solidly to the ground.
Leather backpacks will enclose our equipment and food supplies consisting of aledo, dried fruits, dried fish, and dried antelope meat to last for a whole week. We shall get everything else by fishing, hunting, or fruit picking along the way. We need five or six more days to be ready for our trip.
July 9 — The preparations for the trip are going fine. I’m still intrigued by how quickly I’ve learned to speak the Eldorian language. Yet, many Eldorians speak my language even better. And Nivit is always the beautiful guardian angel that protects me from harm!
Three men came today by canoe from Vol, trading linen clothes and hunting bows for orange-like fruits and antelope skins. They were wearing light leather boots and were dressed in tight linen trousers and shirts, with long coats made of antelope skin worn over their shoulders.
I talked to them for a while and concluded that Vol is a village very much like Eldor, where people speak the same language and have similar occupations. The men were impressed by my pocket watch and were all ears when I told them about my world and journey. Before departing, they invited me to visit their village.
Vol, Sen, Adir. The world downstream certainly looks interesting. Yet, there is no time to explore it. My duty calls me in the opposite direction, back to Excelsior.
July 10 — With a few simple angular measurements, I have estimated the distance to the peaks in the ocean’s direction to eighteen miles and their height to about ten or eleven thousand feet above the village. My raw drawings fit well with the fact that the sea should be right behind those ridges. It’s a bit strange that the Eldorians don’t use maps.
I think we can cross the mountains in three or four days. Then we are going to build a makeshift raft on the shore, using axes to chop the needed wood. We shall also transform the tent’s canvases into a sail. All this work might take one day or two. If the weather is good and the currents favorable, we can arrive at Excelsior in another two or three days.
July 13 — I was so busy with the trip preparations that I’ve omitted adding new notes for the last two days. Yesterday was the summer solstice. The villagers lit a fire near the riverbank as a tradition to mark this event. They cooked freshly caught fish and told each other humorous stories until late. Of course, I joined the feast and had a good time narrating a few fairy tales from my world as I was sitting next to Nivit and Eori.
Everything is ready. We shall cross the river tomorrow morning. Then we intend to proceed southwards, towards the white peaks of the mountains. Also, yesterday afternoon, I saw Ezer with an almost perfect replica of my watch. His model is just slightly larger. It took him another four hours to fix its accuracy by comparing the running of his instrument with mine. By evening, his watch appeared to be as precise as the one in my pocket.
I wanted to see the tools used by Ezer to craft the pieces needed for the new watch. However, he declined to show them to me, apologizing for the inconvenience and saying that he is bound by an oath to keep them secret. After a while, I had to give up. These people seem to have access to technologies way beyond their apparent means. Perhaps they don’t trust me sufficiently to show me everything they own and know. I can only hope that in time their attitude will improve enough to accept me as one of them.
So, tomorrow we’re setting off for the coast. I’ll take my leave from this beautiful village where I was nursed back to life by Eori and Nivit. I’ll miss this place, where the delicate flower of love opened in my heart. I leave Eldor as a man born for a second time. Soon I shall see my ship and crew again. Then, hopefully, Nivit will accompany me on the return trip to my world.
kappa

 

July 14, 1 p.m. —  Our journey begins soon after 8 a.m. The people from Eldor gather at the edge of the village to wish us good luck. We say goodbye to each other, then Etin and Rem take us by canoe to the other bank of the river.
Initially, the trek is comfortable, with the terrain almost flat and easy to cover. Each of us is carrying between thirty and forty-five pounds worth of food supplies and equipment. At noon, we take a break and eat for lunch a few fish caught in a small pond found along our path, combined with dried fruits from our bags.
We have already advanced about ten miles, leaving behind forests and grasslands. Now, we’re getting close to the mountain peaks and shall start climbing them this afternoon. With Nivit, Eori, and Ron by my side, I’m confident I can go past any obstacle.
3 p.m. — The terrain is rising. First, we trek over some hills. Then we reach a rocky area with a steeper slope. Our speed slows down considerably. Moving ahead in large zigzags, our group begins to climb a narrow path. This lane is probably made by herds of relatively large animals, most likely a species of antelopes, judging by a few hoof prints still visible on the ground.
The mountains are bare, with only small patches of short grass and lichens growing here and there. Trees are rare. Those we occasionally spot are all from coniferous species, only visible in areas less exposed to winds. Massive gray-blue whinstone rocks are everywhere. Far away and much higher, close to the horizon line, I glimpse something looking like a narrow canyon.
8 p.m. — We reach the pass by nightfall. The landscape is bleak. There is no firewood, so no option to start a fire. We can’t find any fruits to pick, fish to catch, or game to hunt. So we eat from our provisions for dinner. A brook with crystal clear water flows nearby, and we use it to refill our water skins. The antelope footprints are gone. They have dissipated onto tracks across the mountain slopes, away from the narrow canyon that leads to the coast. The land is devoid of animals or birds. Only a few eagles are crossing the sky, high above.
The tents prove to be a valuable protection against the cold wind. As the rules of decency impose it, Nivit is sharing a canvas shelter with her father while I partake the other one with Ron.
We have brought two light globes carried inside cushioned wooden boxes. Before falling asleep, I spend another hour writing down a few notes and reviewing my Eldorian vocabulary. Even now, it’s hard for me to accept the fact that my three friends speak my tongue better than I speak theirs. Anyway, we use both languages to communicate.
♣
July 15 — Compared to my escape from Gold City, the return trip promises to be relatively enjoyable, despite the difficulties brought by the high-altitude trek. I hope we shan’t encounter any nasty surprises this time. My journey from the coast to Eldor was so full of obstacles and pain that I came to appreciate the routine of the present expedition. Despite my hurry to reach Excelsior, I can’t prevent myself from enjoying this trek.
We have a quick breakfast of aledo, fish, and dried fruits early in the morning. Then we step into the narrow pass. I walk with Nivit in front. Ron and Eori follow us a few steps behind. The trees are gone. We can only spot dry bushes that grow here and there on the steep side-slopes. We collect some of their sprigs for later use as firewood.
The path is climbing: higher and higher, steeper and steeper. We need to take frequent breaks to rest. The side-slopes have turned into vertical walls, reaching a height of more than a thousand feet. They keep our path in half-darkness most of the time. Even with ropes, the rocks would be hard to scale. We can only follow the pass.
I suppose we are now more than four thousand feet above the village altitude. However, with the twisted space of this world, you can never be sure of anything. Nevertheless, supporting my estimate, the air has become thinner and colder, as expected.
Sometimes, the people from Eldor come here to hunt mountain antelopes and even bears. Still, nobody tried to reach the coast-facing side in recent times. Why do they stay so isolated? They often visit their surroundings but avoid the exploration of faraway places. I find this situation hard to understand. These villagers lead simple lives, yet they are highly educated. They practice efficient agriculture, know a lot about herbal medicine, and are skilled craftsmen. I’m sure Ezer could have made a violin or a gun if I had shown him a model, or at least a detailed drawing of it.
The Eldorians are always interested in learning new things. They attempt to collect inside their library all the valuable knowledge they can get. Even so, their past remains shrouded in mystery. Nobody knows how old the village of Eldor is.
The villagers know well the downriver from traders who visit their place a few times a year. Yet, they have no idea what lies beyond the rapids upstream. I suppose the Eldorians take occasional trips along the trader routes, but this doesn’t happen often. What stops them from traveling? And why did their attitude towards exploration change when they heard my stories about Earth? Their behavior looks a bit strange. Well, I’ll have to assume it appears to be so due to our cultural differences.
11 a.m. — The climb ends in front of an oval plateau. After another fifty yards, we reach the entrance of a tunnel. Surrounded by the same vertical cliffs, I feel like a mouse inside a cauldron. If the cave doesn’t take us farther along, we’ll have to go back and find another pass. This detour could take days, as I didn’t spot any other path that might go across the mountains.
We stop to rest and have lunch. Then we’ll enter the cave and continue our trip later in the afternoon, assuming this is possible. Ron says the people from the village have traveled along this path a few times in the past. I guess a lot of it goes underneath the cliffs. I wonder why no one from the village told me about this route before our trip began.
“Has this path been build by somebody? What do you think?” I ask my friends.
“Probably not,” Eori says. “It must have been shaped by the water coming from the snow melting in the spring.”
Well, the walls look irregular enough for the gallery to be natural. I suppose Eori is right.
The sky is darkening. Unfriendly clouds gather above us in haste. We pick up our stuff and move into the cave. Inside, the gallery is climbing steeply, at an angle close to thirty degrees. Is this path going to lead us onto the other side of the ridge? We’ll find out soon.
The tunnel is long and going upwards. And it is well ventilated. In the feeble light of the globes, we ignite the dry twigs collected during the morning. The fire will keep us warm while we cook a meal from our food supplies. It’s already raining outside. Lightning flashes are cutting the sky every few seconds, immediately followed by thunder. The narrow valley amplifies their sound in deep tones. Long echoes come from all directions, over and over, like cannon shots.
My three friends seem scared by the storm. I try to put their fears at ease, telling them about the natural process that generates lightning and thunder. But they remain tense and uncomfortable.
12 p.m. — Outside, right in front of the cave’s entrance, a small lake is taking shape. The water pouring along the walls of the pass is fueling it at a high rate. There is too much rain coming from above and not enough room for it to drain. The water level rises and begins to flood our cavern. We put off the fire and move to higher ground, deeper inside the gallery.
Sometimes I can see a dot of light flashing at the higher end of our tunnel. It appears for a fraction of a second when lightning fills the sky in that direction. An exit is there, leading to the other side of the ridge. It’s raining harder and harder by the minute. A small stream begins to flow through the cave, too. We eat in a hurry some aledo and fish, then we pack our things and proceed cautiously through the gallery. Again, I’m with Nivit in front while Ron and Eori follow us at some distance.
Suddenly, a deep vibration shakes the mountain. The ground jolts up and down, making us lose our balance. It feels like an earthquake. Is it possible that lightning has struck so hard it cracked the mountain? Or maybe a natural dam near the peak broke, and a massive amount of water, stones, and ice is rushing from above towards the narrow gorge?
An even more powerful rumble follows. The gallery is shaken up and down again, even harder. Stones are falling from the ceiling, and we do all we can to avoid being hit by them, protecting our heads with our backpacks. A large rock crashes in the middle of the tunnel, slamming into the gallery’s floor with a loud thud, jamming it, and cutting our party in two. Nivit and I are standing on the upper side while Ron and Eori are stuck in the lower section of the tunnel.
I turn my eyes to the entrance below. The passageway that brought us here is no more. A large piece of basalt blocks it. I try to push it aside with my hands. Alas, its massive weight makes my task impossible. The fallen rock has split our group in two. We can barely pick up each other’s voices through the thick barrier of stone. Are Eori and Ron all right? I whisper a quick prayer for their protection while looking for a path to reach them.
“Are you hurt?” Eori’s words are coming from the other side, muffled and distorted.
“We are fine!” Nivit shouts loudly in reply. “What about you two?”
“We’re all right,” her father calls back. “However, it seems the mountain demons can only allow two people to continue this journey. This boulder has fully obstructed the gallery. There’s a good chance we won’t be able to follow you and might have to head back to the village.”
“What about the entrance?” I shout.
“I can still glimpse it below us. It’s undamaged. There should be no problem returning once the storm is over and the water retreats.”
Nivit’s face is pale. I’m sure mine looks the same. Still, I’m relieved that none of us got hurt. But we’re trapped on this side. We can’t go back through the gallery, and they can’t reach us.
It’s going to take at least a week to dig a hole large enough to squeeze through. Whinstone is really tough. Our axes can’t easily cut through it. What’s worse, the ceiling near the rock blocking the passage looks unstable and ready to collapse. More boulders could fall if we tried to clear the path, obstructing the tunnel even worse and eventually killing us in the process. We’d need to find a way to support the ceiling with something, perhaps build an arch of stones to hold the weight above. This work alone would need another couple of days.
Getting outside, then climbing up and down the rocks to reach Eori and Ron might take about as long. But can we even do it? More likely, we’d have to go out of the cave and look for a way around. If Ron and Eori tried to reach us, they’d have to do the same thing: go out of the canyon and find a different passage. This could easily take a week or even longer.
In either case, our food rations are going to dwindle considerably during the process. Once reunited, we’d all have to return to the village and start all over again. This plan is not practical. I want to reach Excelsior as soon as possible. I’m worried I might be too late already. Are my people still near Gold City? Is it possible they have already left this world and returned to Earth?
I look at Nivit. We might have to continue our trip without them. We know it, and they know it. Even so, I want to talk to Eori and Ron. I want to hear what they think. Perhaps we can still find a way to continue the trip together.
For a few minutes, we discuss the options. We shout at each other next to the fallen rock. The sound of our voices can barely go through the blocked gallery. We’d probably need a week to get back to them by going around the ridge, assuming a passage exists somewhere. Then, as our rations deplete, it would take us three more days to return to the village, tired and hungry. Then we’d have to spend another three or four days resting and preparing the trip back, this time in need to find a longer route around to take us to the sea. Overall, that’s a delay of at least two weeks.
If Eori and Ron try to get to us, this also means about a week of struggle, provided they can find another passage not so far away from this spot. But then we’d be all stranded in the middle of the mountains, with no food and possibly with another week of traveling ahead. We’d be only one week late. However, without supplies, we might become too weak to reach the coast through the cold weather and uneven terrain. This option sounds even worse. The conclusion is quick: only Nivit and I can continue the journey.
“Please, go in peace and come back soon,” Eori calls from the other side of the rock. “My prayers are with both of you!”
“We shall wait in Eldor for your return!” Ron’s voice echoes on a higher note.
We can’t stay much longer here, anyway. The passage is clogged. The water pouring from above is filling the gallery on our side. It’s already ankle-deep and soon will be chest-deep unless the rain stops right now. We say goodbye to each other through a side opening too small to let anything besides words go through. There is nothing else we can do. Nivit and I shall continue our trip alone. Luckily we have with us half of the food supplies and one of the tents.
We climb through the passage. About five minutes later, we reach the other end of the tunnel. Shivering from cold, we walk in the rain along a narrow path squeezed between walls that seem to extend to the sky. No human could scale them without ropes. The rocks are full of cracks at the base. Yet, these cracks are less than ten inches wide, way too narrow for a person to squeeze through. Only the water can find a path to the other side, as it keeps flowing around our boots. We have to keep moving ahead. Soon, we enter another gallery that goes in the same direction.
We rest for fifteen minutes around two o’clock, then begin moving again. We keep on walking all afternoon, taking short breaks when we feel too tired, then getting back on track as soon as we recover our strength. Sometimes we pass open areas, only to dive into another tunnel after a few dozen steps. Each time we are outside, we peek at the narrow sky above for a few moments. The storm has lost its strength and changed into light rain. Ron and Eori are going to be safe.
And so we continue our journey, higher and higher. It seems we’ll have to trek like this a long way, probably until we cross the highest ridge and begin the descent on the other side. We don’t need to worry about the dark. The luminous globe has enough fuel to last for at least another month.
We set camp for the night at 7 p. m. and try to get some rest in a spot where the gallery is a bit wider. I think we’ve covered another thirteen or fourteen miles through this mountain tunnel, but I might be wrong. The distances are always difficult to estimate in caves. We eat some fruits and dried fish, then the exhaustion of the long trek sends us quickly to sleep. Cut out from the rest of the world, we spend the night together for the first time, under the same blanket.
♣
July 16, 1 p.m. — The gallery trail continues to climb higher and higher, with no end in sight. There are no more open areas. We walk through a tunnel buried deep in the heart of the mountains. I still can’t make up my mind whether this underground passage is natural or artificial. I think we have covered another ten miles this morning. We are getting tired and worried, longing for the teal color of the sky. The village of Eldor is now probably forty-three to forty-seven miles behind us, and the ocean doesn’t seem to be anywhere near.
Of course, forty-seven miles through narrow valleys and zigzagging passages can equal about twenty-five miles in a straight line. I have no compass and can’t see the sun, so I can’t even guess our current direction. For all I know, we might be moving away from the coast. Unfortunately, it doesn’t look like we have a choice in this matter.
I exchange a long look with Nivit and say:
“Let’s go on like this until evening. Without the sun or a compass, there is no way to tell if we’re still heading towards the sea. If we don’t reach an exit tonight, then we turn back and try another path. Maybe climb the walls in one of the open areas that we passed yesterday. Perhaps we can do it if the rain has stopped.”
Nivit agrees with a nod. She is as concerned as me. Yet, she’s also determined to keep going until we reach our destination. We talk about other choices but conclude there is nothing else we can do. The fatigue begins to take its toll. Our speed slows down considerably. Taking breaks every hour, we walk all afternoon for another ten miles or so.
8 p.m. — Almost ready to give up, we finally reach an exit around 5 p.m. A pleasant green color fills our view as the tunnel opens in front of a beautiful oasis with luxuriant vegetation. It’s a gorgeous garden full of fruit-bearing trees. Three snowy peaks mark the sky edge in the distance. A lake with clear water shines in the center, with several streams pouring into it from the nearby slopes. The air feels pleasant, like summer. Soon, we discover the source of this little heaven: the place is full of hot springs, keeping the garden’s climate almost tropical. Even the water from the lake is warm.
The oasis is spread over half a square mile, filling a plateau bordered by vertical cliffs. We decide to spend the remainder of the day here, resting and refilling our food supplies. We take a swim in the lake, wash our clothes, then prepare dinner. This time we eat a nutritious meal from fruits that look like pomegranates and freshly caught fish.
As soon as we finish eating, Nivit falls asleep with her head leaning on my chest. Careful not to wake her up, I slowly lay her down on the soft grass. Then I set up the tent close to the lake. When our shelter is ready, I carry her slender body inside. Soon, I also fall into a deep slumber, next to my love.
♣
July 17, 11 a.m. — I searched the whole morning for a path to take us farther. In the meantime, Nivit was replenishing our food supplies with fruits and fish from the lake. Massive vertical walls, over one hundred and fifty feet high, surround the oasis. There is no more underground passage to take us out of here.
We only have two choices: scale the rocks that are in our way (and thus we might also see where the ocean is), or retrace our steps through the tunnel that brought us here until we find a spot in one of the open areas where we can climb the walls. Only the first option makes sense. We don’t have ropes, but I find long vines like those I had used in the wilderness near Gold City. With tight knots, I manage to extend them into a line over a hundred feet long.
3 p.m. — Our ascent begins at noon. I pick a small platform about sixty-seventy feet above and climb the rock leading to it with the heavy vine rope tied to my back. Then I use the vine to lift our bags one after another and help Nivit join me. We rest for ten minutes, wiping our sweat and trying to relax our muscles. From the new vantage point, I spot a rocky horn about forty feet higher. After several attempts, I succeed in throwing and wrapping the line around it.
We reach a new platform fifteen minutes later. The final sixty feet are a bit easier, for we can take breaks on two narrow platforms as we climb. Finally, our feet step on the top. Yet, another ridge, much taller, is blocking our path. Luckily, after a short search, we find a lane carved by rain that goes around it. We can’t see the ocean, but the sun above shows we’re going south. The vines are too heavy to carry, so we leave them here. I pray we don’t encounter a similar barrier farther ahead. If we do, we’ll have to come back after them.
7 p.m. — Our path stretches through a narrow pass, higher and higher. We keep climbing until nightfall. The air is thin, barely filling our lungs. Perhaps our current altitude is more than eight thousand feet above the valley of Eldor and even higher up compared to the sea level. It’s getting colder by the hour. A narrow cave on a vertical rock will serve as shelter for tonight. It’s warm enough inside. We won’t have to set up the tent. We’ve probably come almost fifty miles through the mountains so far, and the shore is nowhere near. The village of Eldor must be at least sixty miles away.
Are we heading in the right direction? The sun’s position in the sky suggests we do. What seemed a routine return journey to Excelsior is proving now to be a real challenge. Four days into our trek, and we are still in the middle of the mountains. However, I believe we must be close to the sea. Maybe tomorrow evening we can finally reach the coast. There is no wood to make fire. We have to eat our food cold and use each other’s body heat to keep ourselves warm as we rest.
♣
1 a.m. — A man’s voice is calling me from a distance. The words sound Eldorian. However, his voice is so faint I can barely understand them. I wake up covered in sweat. Nivit is sleeping huddled at my chest, with her arms around my neck. There were two familiar words in my dream, and I push myself to remember them. The first word sounded like “storm.” And I also heard him saying “snow.” What could it mean? It takes a few more seconds until I make the connection: A snowstorm is coming!
Even though it was only a dream, my instinct says the voice belongs to someone who wants to help us. The stranger has a point: our location is quite vulnerable. The little cave’s entrance is too large, offering only limited protection from rain and wind, and we’ve got no wood to start a fire. But we can’t leave now: our bodies are exhausted. We need rest more than anything. We’re going to wake up early and tread at high speed towards the coast. Perhaps the other side of the mountain is safe. I close my eyes and go back to sleep with my arms wrapped tightly around Nivit’s waist.
♣
July 18 — The morning comes with threatening clouds that arrive from the north. As soon as we wake up, I tell Nivit about my dream. The clouds are quickly filling the sky. She looks at me with a grave expression, and we both know that only a rapid trek can save us. For a moment, the thought of rushing back to the oasis crosses our minds. Yet, the sky is already black over there. A compact wall of snow seems to be spreading from the oasis direction, expanding towards us, slowly engulfing the narrow pass already left behind.
“The mountain paths are treacherous,” Nivit whispers. “Sometimes, they change in unexpected ways. Even if we could retrace our steps to the oasis, there is no guarantee we’re going to find it. And not in this kind of weather. The snowstorm would swallow us halfway back. If we try to return, we shall put ourselves in much greater danger.”
I look into her eyes. She’s serious about the chance of not being able to retrace our steps to the oasis. Could such a thing happen in this realm? Perhaps it could. The incoming wall of snow looks deadly. The path behind us seems even more exposed to wind and snow. No matter how fast we moved, we’d be caught by the storm long before reaching the trees and the lake. We wouldn’t stand a chance against it, not even for half an hour if it got us in the open.
“All right then! Let’s get moving towards the peak as fast as we can,” I reply in a tense voice.
We chew a couple of fruits as we pack our things in haste and begin a quick-stepped stride along the lane that should take us towards the coast. Our hearts are racing from the physical strain. Our mouths are wide open most of the time, gasping for air.
We rarely talk. Sometimes, we stop for a few moments for a sip of water from the leather skins. When we have something to say, a simple gesture is usually enough to carry the message. We must pass the highest point and begin our descent towards the sea before the storm catches us. Once in a while, I have the feeling I can hear Nivit’s thoughts.
At noon, we are already exhausted from the rapid trek. Our trail has poured from the side of the cliff into an even more narrow pass. Yet, overall the path is still climbing. The pass looks more like a deep valley now. The vertical sidewalls have turned into steep slopes. We continue our fast-paced trekking, but the peak is nowhere within our reach.
And then the snowstorm engulfs us. Discreetly at first, with just a few snowflakes falling here and there. Then the wind picks up its pace. A furious blizzard explodes around our bodies, painfully whipping our eyes, suffocating us, freezing the blood in our veins. Our hands and faces become numb within seconds, despite the fur caps and leather mittens we’re wearing. Desperate, we look for a shelter. Anything that could shield us from the icy wind would do. After a few minutes of frantic search, we glimpse the entrance of a cave in the rocky incline on the left side of our path.
With the last drops of energy, we climb the slope littered with boulders and step inside. Our bodies are stiff and in pain. The blood is barely circulating through our limbs. Staggering, we move to the back wall, away from the cave’s mouth, finally somewhat harbored from the deadly blizzard.
Our shelter is a spacious circular chamber dug in the rock, most likely by seasonal spring streams. The entrance lies about twelve feet above the path. The domed ceiling has a blue color, like a mock sky of stone. It is perhaps fifteen feet high in the center and about seven near the edges. We take off our backpacks and sit down to catch our breath, relieved to be saved, at least for the time being.
I was hoping to find a passage to take us deeper. However, the cave ends after only sixty feet. Even so, we’re lucky to find this shelter, or we would have died in the storm within half an hour. I notice a couple of cracks above the back wall. They are tilted upwards, way too narrow for a human to squeeze through. I suppose the water that carved this chamber pours through them every spring.
We set up our tent near the back wall of the cave. Thus, we have additional protection from the cold. We plan to rest as much as we can until the storm ends. There is a small spring flowing near the back wall. We fill our water skins from it. With the temperature dropping so much, the stream may soon freeze. We are exhausted from the long trek. After eating some dried fish and a few fruits, we fall instantly asleep in each other’s arms, trying to keep our bodies warm.
The cold wakes me up at nightfall. I get out of the tent and check our shelter in the yellow light of the globe. The snow blown by the wind has filled the entrance. A white layer covers almost half of the floor. As expected, the spring froze solid when the temperature dropped. Our body heat, with all the clothes and blankets, might not be enough to keep us warm for long.
I return to the tent. Nivit is lying down with her eyes closed, shivering. Her face looks as pale as the snow. We have a frugal dinner and run in circles inside the cave for about half an hour. This speeds up our blood circulation. For a while, we don’t feel so cold anymore. Still, for how long can we keep going like this? Inside the tent, we fall asleep shaken by muscle spasms, holding each other tightly for comfort and warmth.
♣
July 19 — The blizzard keeps howling without respite, never relenting, never tiring. It has a low, deep voice that reverberates in long echoes over the mountain ridges. Like a giant beast without a defined shape, the wind rushes at high speed through the narrow pass, returning a few moments later with renewed force. This cycle keeps repeating over and over.
I use the handle of my ax to make a small opening in the wall of snow that covers the entrance. Once in a while, I squeeze close to the hole, trying to see what happens outside. The whole pass is covered by an enormous white blanket. The blanket is about ten feet deep already and is getting thicker by the hour, piling up almost as high as our cave’s floor level. Slowly, it hardens and begins to transform into ice.
In a spot near the edge with some soil covering it, I use my ax to dig a hole. It’s going to be our toilet in this closed space. The stream is frozen solid, and we’ll soon run out of drinking water. Then we’ll have to fill the leather skins with snow and warm them against our bodies until it melts. Despite the cold, we seem to be getting thirsty more often than usual.
The cold woke us several times during the night. All we could do was run in circles and jump up and down inside the cave for half an hour until we finally felt warm again. In the pale light of the globe, our shadows were dancing chaotically along the cave’s walls. Then we went back to sleep, tortured by delirious dreams until the cold dragged us once more out of the tent a couple of hours later.
This cycle of running and sleeping continued until morning. I can survive like this for three or four more days, but Nivit seems to be suffering badly from the low temperature. Her face is becoming paler by the hour, and I’m beginning to fear for her life.
I cut with my knife blocks from the layer of hardened snow that has filled the cave entrance. I use them to build a protective barrier around the tent. I should like to make a dome around our portable canvas shelter, but the snow is not hard enough for it. Even so, this wall will prevent some of our bodies’ heat from escaping outside too quickly.
A few hours later, we finally begin to feel some warmth inside our improved shelter. There is no chance to survive if we leave the cave in this weather. The best course of action is to wait patiently until the storm ends. We spend the rest of the day running in circles, telling stories to each other, eating, and sleeping.
July 20 — The snowstorm rages outside for the third day, with no signs of slowing down. Even though the cold is not going to kill us for the time being, I’m worried about the decrease in our food supplies. To survive the cold, we need to eat more than usual. Food is the fuel that keeps our bodies warm. If we can’t get out of here three days from now, we risk starvation and could soon freeze to death. Nivit suggests increasing our sleep time and reducing our daily rations. I agree with her. However, it’s difficult to sleep for many hours in such intense cold.
July 21 — This is the fourth day of the storm. Our situation has worsened. The temperature is dropping even more. The snow around the tent has partly melted, then it froze again, turning into ice. Yesterday, I could get enough hardened snow to cover the top of our shelter. Yet, despite the ice dome surrounding the tent now, the cold woke us repeatedly during the night. We had to use intense physical exercise to warm our bodies; our clothes are just not thick enough for this kind of weather.
Another extremely unpleasant issue is the periodic need to warm against my body the waterskins filled with snow. Every time I do it, my muscles suffer painful spasms for many minutes until the snow inside melts. Unfortunately, I have to put up with it, as there is no other way to get drinking water. This situation cannot continue much longer. Nivit is not doing well at all. Her face is white and almost lifeless, her lips are blue, her hands and feet are cold, and she is shaken by shivers most of the time.
In the evening, my love falls into a deep sleep similar to hibernation. I can’t wake her up anymore, and I’m too numb myself to think clearly. I slide into the world of dreams, trying to warm her body with mine.
♣
July 22 — My eyes open in total darkness. I lift the lid of the box where we keep the luminous globe and fumble for my watch. It’s right before dawn. However, this time I don’t feel the intense cold anymore. Has the storm stopped? Probably not. I can still hear the wind howling outside.
My hands and legs are completely numb, and I’m alone. Nivit is gone. She is not next to me. She is not inside the tent. Using all my willpower, I lift my body and crawl on elbows and knees out of the shelter. Inside the leather mittens, my fingers are frozen and don’t react to my commands. I might lose them soon due to frostbite. Nothing I can do to get them warm again. My face is numb, too. And I feel pain in my eyes when I blink.
My thoughts are getting fuzzy. I suddenly see myself in a garden with trees full of oranges. A big red sun shines above, filling the air with a pleasant warmth. I’m so happy to be away from the deadly blizzard! I shall rest a bit here, only for a few moments, until I feel better. I take a deep breath and sit down on the soft ground covered by yellow blades of grass.
A fox shows up from behind a thick trunk, looking at me intently. Then it unexpectedly jumps high in the air, lands next to me a moment later, and bites my right hand. It hurts like hell, and I wake up moaning. Where am I? What am I doing here? I need a few more seconds to get back to reality. I’m lying down in a dark cave, trying to survive a snowstorm. I was here with Nivit, but Nivit has left our shelter, and I’m looking for her.
My frozen fingers are hurting now. That’s a good sign. It means there’s a chance they’ll recover, provided I can warm them somehow. The truth is that the air does feel slightly warmer inside. My mind is still confused. What was I thinking a few moments before? Oh yes, I was thinking about Nivit. I have to find Nivit, but I’m too numb to stand up and walk.
Lifting myself into a sitting position, I do a few calisthenic exercises for my hands and legs to set my blood back in motion. I immediately feel painful stabs piercing my bones, my flesh, my skin. No, the dreadful cold is still here. It is only my body that is losing the fight against it. But I’m still here. I’m still alive. This battle is not over yet.
I slowly stand up and call her name repeatedly: “Nivit! Nivit! Nivit!”
No answer.
Taking the globe out of its box and grabbing it tightly, I finally stumble to my feet and begin to explore the dark cave with uneven steps. I find it curious that the globe is still giving light in such a terrible cold, albeit way less than before. Are the luminous creatures inside able to survive in this dreadful frost?
I call Nivit’s name again in a loud voice. No answer. Where is she? Perhaps this is only a dream? Yet, I can’t take any chances. If she has lost consciousness somewhere inside the cave, she’ll die soon if I don’t bring her back to the tent to warm her body.
A white shape shines at the edge of the cave, not far from our shelter. When I come closer, I find a cocoon attached to the wall, large enough to enclose a human being. There is no sign of Nivit. Despite my confused state, I quickly understand that she must be inside.
I touch the cocoon’s surface with my face. It’s slightly warmer than the rock. The thick silky layers must be a good insulator, keeping her at a comfortable temperature. There is no point in pulling the shroud off the rock and bringing it inside the tent like this. Such an action might do more harm than good. I suppose this is a self-defense mechanism aiming to protect her body from extensive damage.
I step back. Nivit’s folded clothes are lying on the floor. To avoiding imminent death, a metamorphosis has begun. Or so it seems to me, anyway.
My thoughts return to that night in the forest when I was wandering at the edge of Gold City. I remember the white forms spread among the trees and the old man who suddenly opened his eyes when I came close to him. Now, as much as then, I have no idea what’s going on inside these silk wrappings. The only thing left for me is to wait.
I’m terrified. Perhaps I’ve lost her forever. What kind of being will emerge from this cocoon when the transformation has reached its goal? Is she going to be the same Nivit I knew and loved?
I shall probably die of cold anyway before I can see her coming back to the cave. Still, I won’t go down without a fight. For as long as a glimmer of hope still exists, I shall cling to life with all my remaining strength.
Surviving alone is an even more difficult battle. I have to keep my body in motion all day. Now that I have more food left for myself, I can eat double rations to increase my energy. But sooner or later, I’ll fall asleep and certainly shall meet death in my dreams. So, I have to stay awake. I believe I can survive about twenty-four hours with very little sleeping, possibly even forty-eight. All I need to do is walk non-stop around the cave and take only short rests for a few minutes every once in a while.
It’s a bit warmer inside the tent. However, that warmth is treacherous. The shelter would soon make me fall asleep, never to wake up again. So, I keep moving in circles through the cave. Sometimes I have the feeling I hear a distant voice in my head, perhaps the same voice that warned me about the snowstorm. Unfortunately, it’s too faint to make out the words.
The hours pass slowly. I carry on with my painful movement through the cavern. For a better view of my surroundings, I set the luminous globe in the middle of the hall. Its fading light projects my distorted shadow along the walls. Now I feel like I have a companion in my circular walk. Wrapped in blankets and with both bear skin coats on, mine and Nivit’s, I try to keep some warmth inside my body. I have covered my face with a scarf, leaving only my eyes out. Even so, it’s so cold that my eyes hurt. My ocular muscles are almost frozen, and I can barely turn my pupils left and right.
I only stop every hour or so for food and water. Sometimes I change direction but keep moving along the cave wall. This is the only way to stay alive. My clothes are not thick enough to keep me warm if I stop for more than a few minutes.
Eating and drinking are not easy to do, either. If I’m not quick and precise, the water from the waterskin held close to my body freezes before I have a chance to swallow it. The same goes for food, which I also need to keep under my layered clothes for about half an hour before I can attempt to chew it. If I ever try to spit on the ground, the saliva freezes in the air. Using the toilet is another type of torture. I try to avoid it as much as I can.
Once in a while, I’m tempted to retreat inside the tent. But I resist this impulse each time, force myself to stay active, and go on with my drunken stride. Then the evening comes. Every hour or so, I sit down and doze for a few minutes, my back against the wall. So far, the shivers of my body and the cold managed to wake me up in time.
And so the hours pass by. The frost stays fierce. Relentless, the blizzard is raging outside. I suppose I would die in less than five minutes if I dared to venture into the open. I keep moving, hoping to see the storm end and the temperature rise before my body gives up.
Each time I pass by the cocoon, I feel fire needles piercing my heart. What’s happening to Nivit now? Is she going to turn into a butterfly? Or maybe she’ll become an even stranger creature? How long is this going to take? I don’t care anymore about returning to Excelsior. I only want her back by my side. What if she has already died of cold behind the white shroud? However, I feel she’s alive. She can probably survive inside the silky enclosure better than I can manage here.
July 23 — When the iron reign of the frost reaches its fifth day, my body begins to wear down. I never thought a snowstorm could last for so long in these mountains. I feel pain everywhere in my joints and muscles from the continuous walking. I’ve also pushed my lungs too hard, often forced to take deep breaths of the chilly air. I have to make frequent stops from my circular motion due to uncontrollable coughing fits.
With every lap I finish around the cave, I pass by the veil of silk that hides the woman I love. There is nothing I can do about her metamorphosis except wait and try to stay alive. And so I keep going, dragging my feet inside the cave surrounded by snow and wind. Sometimes I think I see flashes of light or hear voices nearby. Yet, I know they only come from my loneliness and exhaustion.
In the evening, the fatigue is overcoming my will to stay alive. It’s not the first time when I think my existence has reached its end. Yet, I don’t see how anyone can save me now. There is no Nivit and no Eori to come and wake me up from the comfortable numbness of my final sleep. If Nivit can survive inside her cocoon, she’s going to find my frozen body here when she gets out. I know she’ll bury me under a heap of stones, also saying an appropriate prayer for the peaceful rest of my soul.
It’s over. I can’t move anymore. I think for a moment about crawling into the tent and dying there, but I decide against it. I’m going to end my life in the center of the cave. Sitting on the cold floor with my legs crossed, I prepare to meet my Maker. My frozen hands, hidden inside my mittens, are resting on my knees.
I wait. If I have to die, I shall die in peace and with dignity. The cold is piercing my face and chest with thousands of knives. It’s sinking deep into my lungs, like the claw of a giant ice dragon. I decide to ignore it from now on. Obedient to my final wish, the pain fades away soon. Instead, a comfortable numbness fills me.
I begin to dream. A voice tells me to sit on a flat stone, set my ankles over my thighs, and let my knees touch the ground. If this position is too difficult to maintain, the voice says I can place one of my ankles on top of the other. It also suggests I keep my back and head straight, my hands in the center with the left on top of the right, and the thumbs touching each other through the leather mittens. I wake up.
This posture is a bit unusual. Still, what do I have to lose? Fighting against the pain from my muscles and joints, I manage to stand up slowly. Then I walk around the cave and find a large flat stone I can sit on. I set it in the center of the cave and sit on it as the voice from my mind suggested. Like under the spell of a strong vision, I adjust the position of my body.
I don’t care anymore if the voice is real or only comes from my imagination. With it, I’m not alone. And this is good enough for me. It’s always easier to have someone keep you company when you die than to fade away from this world entirely abandoned and forgotten. Even if that someone is only a fantasy.
I like this posture. It’s going to make me look quite dignified when I freeze to death. So I sit. My thoughts wander at first in random directions, like clouds over a blue sky, coming and going, coming and going. After a while, the sensation of dreaming intensifies. I know this is going to be my final dream, but I don’t care anymore. The voice begins talking again and suggests I let my thoughts pass and abandon the idea of fighting back. I only need to make peace with the world and myself.
I’m happy. I had a long life. Sooner or later, everyone has to go. If my time has come now, I should accept it and prepare for my departure. The harmony with the Way is within reach.
Seconds, then minutes add up on top of each other. And I’m still here. I’m still alive. Surprisingly, I soon feel my body becoming gradually warmer. As if a gentle fire is burning inside my lower abdomen, heating me from within.
I’ve lost count of time. I’ve lost the sensation of cold. I’ve lost the notion of who and what I am. There is nothing else, just the Universe outside and inside me, except there is no “me.” There is no outside and no inside, only the Universe. That’s all that ever is, all that ever was, all that will ever be.
The Universe, the real one, is not this world of manifestations. Everything here, including myself, is an illusion. My body is burning like a flame, chasing away the darkness from the cave. My body is an illusion. The burning is an illusion. Life is an illusion. Death is an illusion. Pain is an illusion. The illusion is an illusion. The illusion’s illusion is an illusion, too. Everything is part of a closed loop, renewing itself over and over, with no end.
Now I can accept everything that happens without being affected by it. The frost is only in my mind. As soon as I realize this, the storm, the snow, the ice, the cave, everything is gone.
There is no “I.” Just the Universe. My eyelids are open, but they are not my eyelids, and they see nothing. Yet, I/there is no “I,” know/knows everything that’s happening around me/there is no me.
July 24 — When I come back to reality, the dawn of the next day shines from behind the curtain of snow and ice that fills the entrance. The blizzard is still howling outside, the temperature is as low as before, yet my body is warm. Slowly, I stretch my numb arms, straighten my stiff legs, and manage to stand up a few minutes later.
I feel hungry and thirsty. Yet, I am somewhat refreshed from my night-long meditation. It seems my state of mind helped my body dig into the necessary resources to fight against the cold. I take a short walk around the cave. Then I warm up under my coat a few dried fish and several snowballs inserted into the water skin. Food and drink help me regain some of my former strength. I still feel pain in my muscles and joints, but I’m in much better shape than yesterday.
Meditation seems to be the solution for surviving until the snowstorm ends. I cannot do it all the time: I shall have to wake up from it once in a while to eat and drink water. Still, my body can get some rest from now on. With these thoughts, I fill the waterskin with more snow. I place it inside my coat to make it melt, then I sit on the flat stone once more. When my shivers have finally calmed down, I sink again into a deep sea of inner peace.
The hours pass one after another, unnoticed by my mind. When I come back to my senses, it’s already evening. My second meditation session was longer. I feel my body warm as if all this time it had a gentle flame burning inside me. The weather hasn’t changed. It’s as cold as yesterday, with the blizzard still howling outside. How long is this extreme weather going to last?
Nivit’s cocoon looks the same. I drink the melted snow from the water skin. I eat another dried fish and gobble an orange warmed up under my coat. I stretch my legs for a few minutes by slowly walking around the cave, then go back to meditation. This time I sink into it deeper, way deeper, beyond the illusory world of manifestations. Deeper and deeper, beyond any beyond.
The ego expands and dilutes, gradually fading away. There is no “I.” One has attained peace with everything. Everything is one, and one is everything. Time and space are an illusion. The illusion is an illusion. The illusion’s illusion is an illusion.
The storm has ended. The sky clears up, and the air is getting warmer. The snow is melting. Soon, a stream starts sprinkling from the back wall. Green vines begin to grow and sprout inside the cave. One continues to sit and meditate. One’s body has become like a stone. Immobile, apparently lifeless. Yet, there is no death, for death itself is an illusion, too.
One can feel the sun rising and setting. Something inside one’s head counts the days, too. At the same time, one cannot see anything. Still, one knows everything that happens inside and outside the cave. One senses the snow melting and transforming into a river that pours along the narrow trail between the steep slopes. One knows this path leads to the shore. One can even feel the planet rotating. Beyond it, one can sense the movement of the moon, the sun, and the stars. One can feel the fabric of time and space farther and farther away, touching the edge of the Universe. One is one with the Universe.
Time is flowing in an accelerated fashion. From where one sits, one can also feel the changes taking place inside the cocoon.
July 25, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31. August 1, 2, 3, 4. Distant and impersonal, the days continue to stream. One’s mind records their arrival and departure like a well-tuned clock. The cave keeps flowing along the space and time that move in spirals around this location. One continues to flow with it, too.
Then, one day, something moves inside the white wrapping. The cocoon is torn open. First a hand, a human hand extends out of the silky veil. Then another hand. And then a head. Nivit has almost the same appearance as before. Only her hair has a bluish color, and her skin displays a faint aquamarine reflection. With a few circular moves, she gets out of her tiny enclosure. One can see something like a pair of fuzzy wings emerging from her back. Of course, one’s eyes can’t see anything now. Everything is perceived by one’s mind. Nivit’s wings don’t seem made of ordinary matter but of ethereal, blue light.
With a worried look, she comes to the spot where one sits. She gently shakes one’s body and cries, thinking that one is dead. Then the doctor inside her wakes up. She takes one’s pulse and listens to one’s breath. There is a pulse. There is a feeble breath. Her eyes are filling with new tears of hope. Her calls, the power of her love, gradually pull one towards the world of manifestations, dragging one back into it with the strength of a tidal wave.
Several hours pass until one comes back to his human senses and can move again. There is an “I” now. Soon, my eyes (there is a “my” now) can perceive the daylight again. I slowly turn my head and look at the new Nivit. She comes closer and wraps her arms around my neck, hugging me tightly. Her eyes are still full of tears. But these are tears of joy.
And now I understand why there are no old people on the Island.
♣
August 5 — The snow has melted. A warm breeze is blowing through the cave’s entrance. That’s true: there are no old people in this world. Their bodies stay relatively young until an advanced age. When the level of their vital energy drops, when their end looms near, they prepare to leave this world.
Young or old, when touched by death’s looming breath, they know they have to leave Esyon soon. Their bodies suffer a strange metamorphosis, and their new wings prepare to take them on a journey with no return. The realm of Nosyon is calling them. It’s time to say goodbye. And what happens on the other side? Nobody knows for sure. The people who cross over never come back.
We spent a final night together in our tent. When morning came, Nivit woke up first, held her arms around my neck in a long hug, and whispered in my ears:
Alberto, please listen to my words, as I don’t have much time left here! Don’t blame yourself for my disappearance. My father, Eori, will understand that my love called me to come with you through these mountains and even to the end of the world. My heart followed you and will continue to do so for the rest of your life and beyond it. However, my body was too fragile to survive this blizzard and the frost that came with it. I prayed for you. I prayed for your survival. I prayed from my heart to God to keep you away from harm. And now I’m so happy to see you alive and in good health! Alberto, dear! Today I have to cross into Nosyon. I wish I could come with you to Excelsior and then visit your world. However, we have to accept what the Supreme Ruler has reserved for us.
“Alberto, dear! Please don’t be sad about my departure. On those distant lands, I’ll pray every day to be by your side again, even if we need a thousand miracles to make this happen. It is not possible for me to stay here any longer or for you to follow me to the other side. Still, my heart tells me that someday we shall meet once more. Maybe in my world, maybe in your world, or perhaps somewhere else. We only need to believe in our love.
“My body is too fragile to survive here from now on. Alberto, dear! Please continue your journey. You already know the path and will reach the ocean soon if you follow it. Then you can build a raft and sail along the coast until you get back to Excelsior. And please, don’t cry for me. Better keep a pleasant memory in your heart about our short life together.”
“Please, don’t leave me here!” I utter in a low voice. Tears quickly fill my eyes, blurring my vision.
“I’m sorry,” she replies, sobbing, “I don’t have a choice in this matter.”
With a final kiss, she stands up and exits the tent. I follow her and see my love going towards the cave’s back wall. Her eyes already see something beyond its uneven surface. I think I can glimpse a path surrounded by mountains, a different sun, and a different sky. But the world on the other side is too fuzzy, too dark for my eyes. I try to grab her arm, but my hand passes through her flesh as through the air. When she reaches the rock, she fades inside it. At the same time, the blurry landscape on the other side vanishes. All I can see, all I can feel, is a rugged wall made of stone. And that’s all.
Nivit is gone from Esyon. She didn’t die. She has just left. Petrified, I can’t talk or move for several seconds, for several minutes, for an eternity.
“Please, don’t go away!” I whisper when I regain control of my body. Alas, it’s too late. Tears flow freely along my cheeks. I fall on my knees and let my forehead lean onto the cave wall for a long time.
♣
Nothing happening around seems real anymore. The minutes, the hours, pass over me and through me. I can’t move from the spot where my love has disappeared. I continue to stare at the wall, hoping for a miracle. Yet nothing, nothing happens. Only the gentle sound of the wind blowing outside and the slow movement of shadows pushed around by the sun continue to mark the impassive flow of time.
From my long meditation sessions, I already know about the illusory nature of this world. The world doesn’t exist: it simply “is”. Back then, wrapped in frost and death, I passed through a door that led me far away to a place beyond fear, pain, or worries. Then, why do I still feel this sorrow now, this grief that tears me apart? Why won’t it go away?
Over and over, I try to tell myself that everything is an illusion. So, why do I feel the flame of love burning inside me with such relentless power? Maybe love is the only real thing in the Universe? And if nothing else is real, why should I bother to return to Excelsior? Perhaps, if I spend enough time meditating here, I can begin to see Nosyon myself. And after a while, maybe I can cross over into it. There has to be a way to build a bridge towards that realm and find Nivit on the other side. Otherwise, what’s the purpose of a life without her?
Yes, I shall push on with this plan. I shall attempt to step into the other world. If there is even the tiniest chance to succeed, it’s worth trying. I shall not leave this cave until I find a way to reach the place where my love has gone.
First of all, I’m going to crawl inside the tent and sleep for a while. Sleep will numb my thoughts, my sadness, my pain. The last day’s impressions were too much for me. In the land of dreams, I hope to find some help and an answer. And maybe Nivit will be there, too. I need to escape from this reality because now I am lost, so lost that I can’t even clearly remember who I am. I/there is no “I” need/needs to sleep. Yet, if there is no “I,” who is resting then?
♣
Shadows and light. Shadows and light, alternating back and forth, like the two sides of a flipping coin. From outside, the sun throws long beams of light through the cave’s entrance. The rays gallop frantically along the walls for a while, then die out in sparkles of colored dust. Soon, the whole scene will start again.
Outside, one can feel the movement of the clouds through the air, coming and going, crossing in front of a deep teal sky. The wind blows along the path that leads to the sea. The wind shines like a stream flowing under a shroud of dreams. The Universe is breathing in and out, sliding closer to eternity. The whole Universe is dreaming, dreaming about itself.
lambda

 

I take a deep breath, then another. My lungs are filling with cool air. My eyelids open, and I wake up bathed in diffuse light. Everything around me looks strange, and I can’t recall where I am. At the same time, I’m breathing pain.
I keep breathing deeply, trying to alleviate the stings from my lungs. Breathe in, breathe out. Pain. Breathe in, breathe out. Pain. Always the same deep pain. The pain of losing someone close. The pain of losing Nivit.
I’m lying down under the arched ceiling of a spacious cave. The rocks above me shine in shades of green, a color probably coming from myriads of luminescent organisms living up there. I sit up and look around. The cave has an oval shape, with a flat floor and rough walls. White mushrooms are spread all over the ground, their white hats glistening in half-darkness like an upside-down field of stars.
Now I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming about being a butterfly or whether now I am a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
Which side is the real world, and which one is the mirror? Which one am I, the butterfly or the man? But if there is no “I,” would this question even make sense? For, in this case, one can’t even know who is asking.
So, in the end, is there more than one reality? Or maybe everything is a dream? And what about now? Am I awake at this moment? Is one awake right now? Is anyone awake?
When people dream, they do not know they are dreaming. They may even dream that they are interpreting a dream. Only after waking up, they find out it was a dream. And then comes the great awakening, when we shall all realize that this life was only a great dream itself. Still, the fools think they are awake and insist on displaying their knowledge, now playing the part of rulers and now of herdsmen.
Chuang Tzu has clearly described this problem since many centuries ago. And now I’m facing the same situation. If I’m dreaming now, slapping my face or pinching my skin would be dream slaps and pinches. They would never wake me up.
I, the person who says you are dreaming, am dreaming myself. These words seem very strange. Yet, if after ten thousand years we meet just once with a great sage who knows how to explain them, it will be as soon as if we have met with a familiar acquaintance in the morning or evening.
Maybe my notes can help me figure out what’s going on. The last date mentioned there is June 20. So, perhaps today is June 21, the longest day of the year in the northern hemisphere of my world. But I doubt the summer solstice falls on the same day in this realm. I remember it fell on July 12 when I was in the village of Eldor. Was that a dream? Was it real?
How can I make sure of the date? I guess I didn’t sleep for more than one night, so I’ll rely on this assumption. Everything is a guess, for with my watch damaged, I can’t measure time. I can’t see the sun from here, so I can’t count the days, either.
Reading the notes from my log, I recall my expedition inside Gold City and the princess. Salik had told me her name was Nern, and she looked almost like Nivit from my dream. But was it a dream? I need a way to check it. Let’s see: if it was a dream, then I haven’t had time to learn the Eldorian language.
I shall try to write down a few phrases using their alphabet, which I’m not supposed to know. If my trip to Eldor, the trek in the mountains, and Nivit were all part of a dream, then I shouldn’t be able to do this. However, if they were real, I’m supposed to understand about five thousand words in Eldorian. I should have no problems communicating in it. I call it “Eldorian” because I have learned it in the village of Eldor. But I suppose the people from Gold City speak the same language under a different name.
Pencil ready, I open my notebook and begin spreading on paper rows after rows of words in the tongue of the Islanders. My mouth opens by itself in surprise. I watch how my hand writes the rounded letters without hesitation. They are also easy to read. It’s obvious: I can speak the locals’ language with crystal clarity. So, assuming that my log is correct and today’s date is June 21, how did I live somewhere else for more than a month during a single cycle of sleep?
There is not much of a beard on my cheeks and chin, for I shaved right before our night expedition to Gold City. If more than a month hasn’t passed here, then it means I must be asleep now. Otherwise, how could I have learned a new language in a dream and use it while awake? I need to quickly wake up inside the cave from the mountains and see if I can cross over to Nosyon and look for Nivit there.
Alas, I can’t think of any efficient way to do it. If I killed myself now, I’d probably leave this world. But can I be sure this is a dream? What if this is the reality, instead? On top of that, what if the other one is my real life, too? What if I keep crossing back and forth between two parallel realities? And what happens if I die in one of them? Would I also die in the other? Would my life end?
Such an experiment would be too risky. I have to avoid even hurting myself with intention. I can still have on my body the scratches from three days ago when I got pulled by currents through the underwater tunnel. I should avoid death or any serious injury and find other ways to travel between these two worlds, dreams, parallel existences, or whatever they are.
In any case, I’m not sure if I’m dreaming now. On the other hand, my hunger feels real. And the thirst, too. Hence, before making a detailed escape plan from these caves, I take a few sips from the spring flowing nearby and eat several mushrooms. The mushrooms have a bland taste but are better than nothing. They probably have enough nutrients to keep me going for a couple of weeks.
I circle the cavern, looking once more for an exit, but find none. I shall have to go back through the galleries that brought me to this place and find another passage. Then I think about the voice that warned me of the incoming snowstorm and the meditation that saved me, keeping my body warm in the terrible frost that killed Nivit.
Nivit! The memories of her fill my heart with sorrow. The pain explodes, bends me to my knees, and pulls my forehead to the ground. With my eyes full of tears, I spend some time like this, trying to put myself together. No, I can’t let the suffering win over me yet! I’m going to fight it! I shake my head and slowly rise to my feet. I need to keep my hopes up while I look for my love in every dream and reality.
I fill my lungs with the musty air of the cave, calming down my heartbeats and thoughts. I get ready for a meditation session. If I can expand my perception far enough, I might find a way out of this maze. If I can speak the Eldorian language, then I should be able to meditate, too.
Seated on a flat stone, I slow down my breathing, my heart rate, and the flow of time. My legs are crossed, ankles on top of each other, knees touching the ground, hands in the center with the palms up, left over right, thumbs connected, back, neck, and head aligned. Thoughts come and go like clouds crossing a dark sky. They come and go until there is nothing left. The eyes are half-open, yet they don’t see. The ears can’t hear, the body can’t feel. There is no fear, no pain, no purpose. The Universe doesn’t exist. It simply is.
Perception expands. The cave walls are experienced as what they are. The whole maze of tunnels is here, with the tremendous weight of the mountains spread above. Springs, brooks, and rivers fill myriads of caverns, splitting and merging back like blood flowing through a body of giant proportions. One can feel the space but can’t pinpoint the time. And there is no way to know whether it’s day or night outside right now.
This world is revolving around its sun, with a large moon as a companion. This sun is a wanderer among countless other stars spread until the edge of the Universe. Star clusters of colossal size are grouped in even larger structures, shaped like disks and spinning around their axes. Some are diffuse and homogenous. Others have luminous spiral arms. In the meantime, one can sense nearby the intense vibrations of the atoms. Smaller and smaller parts of this realm are experienced inside a sea of illusions. The Universe “is”, but it doesn’t “exist”. This is the ultimate reality. And, as a part of it, a way out looms clear for one, through the illusory space and time.
♣
I’m back in the world of manifestations, surrounded by dreams and nightmares. Or perhaps this is not a dream? Anyway, I can’t tell anymore what is real. Maybe meditating in a dream could show me the true nature of that dream, but not what’s outside it. My expanded dream conscience would perceive the depth and structure of a dream Universe. And what is a dream, after all?
From a spot where I can reach the ceiling, I break off a stalagmite that radiates yellow light. I’m going to use it as a lantern when I leave this place. Before I step out of the cavern, I drink plenty of water from the spring pouring along the wall. Then I improvise a small bag from my coat and stuff it with mushrooms. This food supply should suffice for two or three days. And so I get back into the underground network, this time with the insight given by the meditation session.
I can’t remember in detail the way out of here, but I have a general idea of the direction to follow. I leave the hall through the gallery that brought me here. Then, when I arrive at the underground river, I know I need to turn left and climb the steep slope near its bank until I reach a narrow tunnel.
I get to the tunnel after a few minutes. Initially, I can only crawl through it. However, after a few dozen yards, the passage widens to a diameter of about ten feet. If I’ve got the information right while meditating, I should soon reach another cavern. Then, I should encounter a maze of crisscrossing galleries. I’m happy the stalagmite in my hand radiates enough light to help me find my way around with ease.
I arrive at the hall after about half an hour. This one is even more impressive than the cavern where I’ve spent my previous night. I sit on the ground and decide to rest for a bit. The ceiling has a pale-green color, probably coming from a different species of luminescent organisms.
I let my gaze wander around the walls. I can’t see well the areas close to the floor. They’re sunken in darkness. A few times, I think I hear high-pitched voices echoing above me. Of course, these sounds are only products of my imagination, so I chose not to pay attention to them.
I stand up, nibble a few bites from a mushroom, and begin crossing to the other side. The voices come closer, surrounding me. I can hear them much better now but can’t spot anyone else in the cavern. They use the Eldorian language. Words and phrases scatter around the walls. Every once in a while, the voices become whispers that fly by close to me. I halt, sit on the ground again, close my eyes, and wait.
“Who are you?” “What are you doing here?” “Come to me,” “You are not real,” “Tell us about how you ended up in this place.”
The voices keep flying above my head, moving back and forth through the cavern. I don’t know who and what they are but decide it’s worth trying to communicate with them.
“I am Alberto,” I say, standing up and pressing my palms together in front of my chest. “Who am I talking to?”
Suddenly, the hall turns quiet. I remain standing and wait for a couple of minutes, but the voices are gone. Thick silence surrounds me like a veil. Did I scare them? I start talking again. The echoes of my words reverberate under the luminous ceiling, amplifying my words:
“I did not mean to frighten you. I’ve lost my way inside this network of caves and tunnels. Now I’m trying to go back outside, to the place where my people are waiting for me.” There is no answer. After a short pause, I add: “I had no intention to bother you. Please accept my apologies. I must continue my journey and wish you farewell.”
I immediately start walking towards the other end of the hall. Sometimes I glimpse tiny sparks of light at the edge of my vision. Yet, as soon as I turn my head to see them better, they disappear. After some two hundred yards, I exit the cavern. Another tunnel opens ahead. I step in and go on with my trek for about an hour until I reach a new hall. This place is quite bright. The ceiling radiates a calming blue color. Are these luminescent creatures different from those I’ve seen elsewhere? I’ve got no means to check how they produce their light. Perhaps it’s generated through a different chemical process.
I don’t know what time is it, but I assume it’s early afternoon. So, I chose to take a break and have a frugal lunch from the mushrooms I carry in my coat. Then, for the second time today, I hear words echoing along the walls. After a while, I conclude it’s only one voice, talking in low pitch. Suddenly, it becomes loud and clear:
“Why are you troubling my quiet meditation? Go away!”
“I’m sorry for intruding,” I reply, almost in a whisper. “My only wish is to get to the other side and continue my journey.”
“You may proceed,” the voice says.
The cavern goes silent. I’ll never know who talked to me. I keep walking and soon finish crossing it.
Another gallery opens ahead as my feet continue to carry me towards the exit. Soon, I arrive at an intersection with dozens of tunnels. I explore a few for several yards and find new passage ramifications ahead. It looks like I’m inside a maze. My sense of direction is wavering. I have to stop at every crossroad, sit down, and meditate for a few minutes before I can choose the right path. It’s going to take forever to get out of here if the maze doesn’t end soon.
I suppose it’s already past 6 p.m. I’m exhausted, and my throat is dry. At some point, I hear drops falling from a stalactite on my left. I reach for it and fill my palms with refreshing clear water. I keep drinking until my thirst is gone. A few more mushrooms are all I can afford for dinner. I’m still inside the maze, and this is not the best location to spend the night. Despite that, my tired legs refuse to carry me farther. I am not even going to try guessing the distance traveled so far.
I have no option but to sleep right here. The air feels cold and damp. This place is far from ideal for resting, but what can I do? Just before falling into the arms of Morpheus, I realize I’ve been talking, thinking, and writing for the whole day not in my mother tongue but in the Eldorian language.
June 22 — This date is only a guess, like all the previous dates written in my log since I got lost in this place. How can I count the days if I can’t see the sun and my pocket watch is damaged? Still, it’s better to have an inaccurate time scale than none at all. Bathed in the yellow light coming from the stalagmite-torch, I’m looking at the network of galleries extending in all directions. Which one should I choose now?
I turn around to examine once more the galleries that connect to this spot. When I face the initial direction again, I’m startled to find a woman standing there, looking at me with interest. She’s wearing a green robe, and a faint halo of red light surrounds her body. Her long hair, spread over her shoulders, is also green. Even her skin has a pale green color. The woman looks young and beautiful, but her physical appearance suggests she is powerful and could become dangerous if angered. I don’t want to make an enemy of her.
“What are you doing on my domain?” she asks in the Eldorian language.
“Please forgive my intrusion!” I reply. “I got lost inside this network of caves.” What kind of creatures inhabit this area, anyway? I seem to keep crossing their fiefs all the time.
The woman frowns, folds her arms across her chest, and says:
“Tell me how you have arrived here. If I like what I hear, I might let you pass.”
I have no choice but to obey. So, for the next hour or so, I describe what happened since Excelsior started her trip to the Northern Fort. Then I talk about how I lived in two realities, or perhaps inside two dreams, after my arrival on the Island. I don’t know which one is true, so I tell her both versions of my adventures. The woman seems entranced by my account. She listens to my words with fascination, smiling and occasionally asking for details.
“I like your story,” she says as soon as I finish. “Not only I shall let you pass, but I’ll also help you with directions. You still have a long journey from here to the nearest exit, but you can reach it in a few days. Come to my palace. There you can eat, drink, and rest. And while you keep me company, I would be happy to know more about your world.”
After a short pause, she continues: “You can ask me almost anything, just don’t try to know my name, who I am or why am I here. If you do, I shall not let you go farther and shall not help you.”
I’m not sure how she intends to stop me from crossing this maze, but the promise of help sounds more than appealing. So, I’ll do my best to stay on friendly terms with this woman.
“Am I dreaming?” I voice the first question that comes to mind.
“Yes. However, not in the way you think. Look behind you.”
I turn around. My eyes open wide from surprise: I see myself sleeping on the hard ground from the tunnel maze, wrapped in my coat and shivering once in a while from the cold. I think I have been through this before, more precisely on the night I met the first lieutenant in my dream.
“Come to my palace. You can replenish your powers there,” the woman says.
“Please, wait!” I say, unsure about what to do. “If I’m dreaming now, even though you offer me the best foods and drinks, I shall still be hungry and thirsty when I wake up.”
“No, you won’t. My food is going to nourish your body from the cave. You know, my palace is not part of this world. Still, it can connect to your realm in a dream. Follow me! You’ll soon see what I mean.”
She leads me through a side tunnel to an arched passageway with walls made of red bricks. I wonder why I didn’t notice this gallery while awake. After three steps, the walls disappear, and a dark-green sky opens above. High up, a red sun about as big as Esyon’s moon is radiating a soothing light.
The air feels warm and has a bitter-sweet scent of grass and flowers. We stand now in the middle of a narrow valley. Forests with red and orange leaves cover the surrounding mountains. A group of massive buildings made of pink marble is looming ahead. The blocks have regular geometrical shapes and seem interconnected. At a closer look, they reveal themselves a single construction made up of many architectural styles.
The red carpet of grass feels unusually soft under my soles. I think I am lighter. Every step lifts my body high in the air, and I need a minute to get used to this new sensation. Before long, we enter the building through the main gate. The woman gestures me to follow her through an ivory door on the left, and we arrive at a spacious dining hall.
This is a beautiful enclosure. The floor is made of dark-blue marble. The walls are white and covered with framed paintings of landscapes. Tiny polished metal tiles cover the ceiling. The curtains from the arched windows on the far end have been pulled to the sides, letting the sunlight flood the room. Plates and bowls with fruits, vegetables, and fish fill a long table in the center. Hemispherical glass bottles with colored liquids set at regular intervals mark the spaces among them. Two chairs are placed across from each other next to the table sides.
No one else is here. I wonder who has prepared this feast on such short notice. Perhaps the servants were ordered to leave the room and stay away during the dinner. Or maybe they are going to show up later.
“This is not Esyon,” I say.
“That’s right!” she replies, her eyes brightening. “We are in Nosyon. Your life energy is high, and your body can’t go through the metamorphosis needed to enter this realm. Therefore, I can bring you here only while you are asleep. Also, as you are not from Esyon, maybe you can’t go through the metamorphosis, after all.”
My heart starts pounding. I’m in the same world as Nivit! Sure, this is a different reality, where I haven’t met her, where she hasn’t crossed over. But just being here, on the other side of the mirror, feels like a fantastic achievement. This is a dream. Perhaps a dream within a dream. Soon, I’m going to wake up back in the caves from Esyon. However, if I could cross over now, perhaps I can do it again in the future, for real. And then I can find Nivit!
“Do you think I could come to Nosyon again by myself? Is that possible without suffering the metamorphosis?” I ask my host.
“Perhaps,” she replies, slightly raising her eyebrows. “Even so, you might need to train for a long time to succeed. Please, take a seat. Help yourself with whatever food and drink you like and tell me more about your world.”
We sit at the table and begin eating. No servants come to assist us. The fish are delicious, with a slight crispy taste, reminding me of tuna and herrings. The fruits and vegetables come in many shapes and colors, all juicy and refreshing. Most of them are new to me, perhaps originating from locally grown varieties.
Everything I put in my mouth is savory, although I doubt this dream food can nourish my body. Nevertheless, this is a welcome change from the bland cave mushrooms. Between mouthfuls, I tell my host about my world. I describe our oceans, continents, mountains, rivers, forests, cities, science, art, music, and technology. I even give a short description of our religions. The woman listens with great interest.
About one hour later, I pause, unsure what else to add. My host smiles and says:
“Alberto, you are an interesting fellow, and you bring me a lot of information about the outside world. I haven’t had a visitor in many years. If you could spare a few more days, I should be glad to have you here as my honored guest. You can spend your sleeping hours in my palace and use your time awake to meditate and explore the surroundings of the cave.”
Sketching an embarrassed smile, I reply:
“My lady, I should be delighted to benefit from your hospitality. However, I’m anxious to leave these caves as soon as possible. I need to return to my ship and crew and tell them about my journey. If the captain has made the people from the city surrender, I believe Excelsior is going to be around for another week or two. If I don’t show up within this time frame, the crew might try to leave the Island without me, not even knowing I’m still alive. Even though I think the ship needs a storm for the journey back, the captain might want to explore the coast and look for other cities. What am I going to do if I don’t find them there?”
The woman lowers her gaze, sighs, and says nothing. I pause for a few moments, then decide to try a few questions myself.
“Do you live here alone, my lady?” I ask.
“Yes,” she responds curtly, nodding and reaching for one of the hemispherical bottles.
“Then, how could you prepare such a feast without any help?”
The woman laughs:
“Oh, that’s quite easy. I have my ways of controlling matter with my mind. Preparing this kind of meal never takes long.”
I examine her for a while, then press on:
“You are not human, are you? Or perhaps I should rephrase it: you are not fully human yet.”
The woman nods quietly, and a sad expression darkens her face. Our eyes meet for a few long seconds. And then I hear a faint voice humming inside my head. Perhaps this is the same voice that warned me about the incoming snowstorm. Nothing intelligible comes out of it, but somehow it fills my mind with information and facts, confirming my guess. I find out my host is stranded alone in Nosyon because she’s not human. The Lady in Green wants to be human and live inside Esyon. But who is she? What is she? I’m not allowed to ask these questions. Still, I think I already know the reason for her presence here.
This castle is her training ground. She has built and expanded it with great effort and patience: a gateway to go through. The underground maze from the other side is already populated by beings halfway out of this realm, pushing to induce a complex metamorphosis and cross into Esyon.
So, based on what they do, should I conclude that this realm is a less evolved world? Does everyone from Nosyon try to cross over? Is this their original Universe, the source reality from where they have populated the Island? Is Nivit doing the same thing in the other reality? But she was fully human when she crossed over. Perhaps those who come here from Esyon suffer a different fate.
The castle surroundings are quite different from Earth. The vegetation is red, the air is dense, the gravity is low. The pale sun looks like a red ball of fire burning in the sky. If I think a bit, it is about the same size as Esyon’s moon.
“I know why you live here,” I say, breaking the silence.
She shivers, staring at me in surprise.
“You’re getting ready to cross into Esyon. Your palace is a training ground to become human. From here, you have built a gate that reaches into the underground network from the other side. In a state of trance, you can explore Esyon and interact with those living in the caves there while they are asleep. That’s the only thing you can do for the time being. You are not ready to go farther and can’t fully cross over. However, day after day, you’re making progress.”
She interrupts me impatiently, not pleased with what I have just said:
“Please stop! Don’t even say one more word. Hearing someone voicing my struggle fills my heart with pain. But I liked your story, and I shall keep my promise. I shall give you directions to an exit close to the sea, near the spot where your ship is anchored. If you can give me more details about your world and the Island for the remainder of your visit here, this information is going to help me evolve faster.”
“What happens to the people who cross from Esyon?” I ask
“They live normal lives in the cities from Nosyon,” she replies.
“And when their lives end?”
“I don’t know,” she says. “I suppose you’ll discover it yourself if you find a way to cross over. The information I have about this world is limited, and I know even less about the other realm. That’s why I need your help.”
So, I tell the Lady in Green more about what I think of Earth and Esyon. For me, the strangest thing is the connection between my planet and the Island, as it brings close together two places that are far away from each other. Also, our historical accounts say that the men who reached the Island had to sail over a particular ocean expanse. However, in recent times, ships from many countries charted those waters with high accuracy and found no land there.
Excelsior is the first vessel to visit Esyon in almost three centuries. And, before arriving here, she got caught in an unusual storm. The Earth’s magnetic field lines were perturbed, making the compass spin and preventing us from maintaining our initial course.
This kind of storm seems to be a rare occurrence. Our journey back probably needs another one. If that’s the case, the ship might be stuck in Esyon for some time. Even so, I can’t take any chances and would like to be back in Gold City as soon as possible. I know the captain will try sailing to our world soon, and I’d rather be with my crew when this happens. I might eventually stay on the Island to search for Nivit. However, I want to see my people before they leave.
Our conversation goes on. We talk about the countries from Earth, then about music, science, and arts. Sometimes my host asks for details, and I do my best to give her accurate answers. But when the red sun is setting, I know my visit to Nosyon is coming to an end. It’s time for me to wake up and continue my journey. I stand up and say:
“My lady, I can’t stay here much longer. Your palace is splendid, your food is delicious, and your company is most pleasant. However, I’m concerned about my people leaving Gold City before I can get back to them. There is also my body, deep asleep inside the cold cave. This kind of rest wouldn’t be good for my health if it lasted too long. I should like to ask for permission to return.”
The Lady in Green looks at me with sad eyes but nods in agreement.
“I shall give you a map,” she says. “You’re going to find it in your hand when you wake up. It will guide you towards the exit. Good luck, Alberto! Thank you for your visit and all the information you shared with me.”
“I hope my stories will help you cross into Esyon sooner,” I reply. Then I continue: “I still have a question before I leave, if it’s allowed: The people from Gold City and Eldor, did they, or their ancestors, come from Nosyon?”
I thought I needed an answer. But as soon as I finish my phrase, I already know it. Perhaps the voice has just sent it to me, or maybe it’s my intuition at work. I see these beings building a bridge towards Earth, transforming themselves, trying to be like us. But why? Why would they want to change? However, no more answers are coming my way.
“In the beginning, Nosyon was the only inhabited world. That’s all I can tell you,” the Lady in Green states with a thoughtful expression.
“I’m grateful for your assistance and hospitality,” I say. “Now, I bid you farewell. However, who knows, maybe we can meet again someday, either in a dream or in the real world. If we can be both physically present in the same place, will you tell me then your name?”
“I certainly shall,” the Lady in Green replies.
She gives me the map and three small fruits that look like kiwis. Then she accompanies me back to the arched passageway through the same gallery that brought us here.
♣
June 23 — I wake up inside the dark cave. The shiny skin of my frozen hands is mirroring the light from the luminous stalagmite leaning against the wall. I’m numb from the cold, and it takes a while until I can move my arms and legs. I’m relieved that my visit inside Nosyon didn’t last too long. I would have gotten sick from the low temperature reigning in here.
I discover a folded sheet of green paper in my right sleeve. It’s a map of the cave system, drawn with black ink in great detail. A small “x” sign marks my current location, and tiny red arrows sketch the path to follow.
There is no size scale. However, the shapes and lengths of the already visited luminous halls make me assume I’ll have to walk at least another twenty miles until I reach the exit. The galleries go on a roundabout route, hence the longer distance. I’ve got no other options, so they will have to do. At least now I can move on without having to spend many minutes meditating in every spot with intersecting galleries.
Esyon and Nosyon seem governed by weird laws. I could visit the other realm in my dream, but somehow I could also bring a map here. Inside my pocket, I find the three fruits the Lady in Green has given me. Wrapped in silence, I turn around and open my senses. I feel faint vibrations coming from all directions. Their sources are far away, beyond the surrounding walls. This area is probably full of beings from the other side that gradually change into people as they try to cross into this world.
The presence of these beings explains the voices I’ve heard in the caverns. Perhaps they caused the pale flashes of light I have occasionally glimpsed in the dark at the edge of my vision. Parts of this network must have a dual existence, manifesting inside both realms. Still, even though I’m so close, I can’t cross over to Nosyon to bring back the woman I love.
My attempt to reach Nosyon will have to wait. Before anything else, I need to return to Excelsior. I hope my ship is still near Gold City. She probably needs another storm to leave this realm. Yet, as such storms might only occur a few times a year, she might have to wait for a while. I hope at least the conflict with the locals is over. Once I give the captain a detailed report about my journey, I shall request to be temporarily relieved from duty. Then I can think about a way to cross over into Nosyon and look for Nivit.
However, Nivit didn’t disappear in this reality, but in the other one. She crossed to Nosyon on August 5, while here it’s only June 23 or some date close to it. In this reality, Nivit must be safe in Eldor, and she wouldn’t even recognize me if I showed up in her village. Yet, I still want to look for her in this world. I shall do it as soon as I can get out of these caves and fulfill my obligations towards my captain.
I remember reading a year ago about Benjamin Franklin’s experiments on lightning. In June 1752, he flew a kite with a hemp string under the dark clouds of an incoming storm. As the kite’s line got wet in the rain, it became a good electricity conductor. A house key belonging to a friend was attached to the string’s end and connected to a Leyden jar.
As the kite flew close to the clouds, Franklin noticed that some loose threads of the hemp string were repelling each other. He realized the jar was charging. When he moved his hand near the key, he could see sparks jumping from it to the back of his hand, thus proving the electrical nature of lightning.
The same book briefly mentioned a lesser-known scientist whose name I don’t recall. He discovered that a pulse of electricity could destabilize a compass. His work is more recent, so there is a good chance he’s still alive today. Now, let’s assume a perturbation in the magnetic field combined with flashes of lightning has brought Excelsior to the island. Maybe it’s possible to build a machine that sends variable pulses of electricity through the air, imitating the conditions of a magnetic thunderstorm.
Perhaps, if placed in the right location, the machine could open at will a gate between our realms, with tremendous commercial benefits for both sides. When I return to my country, I should like to find this scholar. I could learn a lot from him about electricity and magnetic fields. But, first of all, I have to get out of this place. Even though only about five days have passed, I feel like I’ve been here much longer.
I eat one of the fruits and a few mushrooms, then start trekking again, following the red arrows drawn on the map. After ten minutes or so, the passage rises steeply. I arrive in front of an almost vertical gallery that looks like a chimney. I have no idea how high it is, but I know I must climb it.
I insert my stalagmite in my chest pocket so that its end sticks out and gives me some light, then I grab the most prominent rock edges and pull myself up, inch by inch. I try not to think about all the empty space below, with the cave floor far enough to kill me if I slip and fall. I only clench my teeth, hold the edges tighter, and keep going. It takes more than an hour to climb a height of perhaps one hundred feet, and I’m exhausted when I reach the floor of another horizontal gallery. The thirst begins to torment me, but there is no water source around.
After about half an hour of rest, I stumble back on my feet and begin moving again. Some minutes later, the tunnel bends sharply downwards into a vertical pit. The descent takes another agonizing half-hour of strain. I finally reach a horizontal gallery and continue my trek. Thirst is torturing me, but this passage looks quite dry. I do my best to ignore the fatigue, pushing myself to keep going until I find a spring. Perhaps there is one inside the cave that I’m supposed to enter soon if my map is accurate.
Sometime later, I hear the faint sound of falling water. After a couple of minutes, I enter an immense hall with a luminous red ceiling. I suppose a different species of creatures produces this new color. The floor is covered in many spots by the already familiar white mushrooms. The wide curtain of a waterfall shines near the opposite wall. It splashes onto heaps of boulders and disappears, wrapped in shadows, into the darkness below.
The air from this cavern feels relatively warm. I could say it’s almost comfortable in here. The path marked by red arrows points towards the waterfall’s basin. I drink some water, munch a few mushrooms, and chew another fruit. Then I lie down on the ground, resting my muscles and trying to regain my strength. I’m still weak from lack of water and food, so I’ll need a while to get going again.
With the stalagmite in my hand, I bend over the edge of the flowing water and peek down. I can’t see the waterfall’s basin. In any case, the sound made by the water falling in the darkness below suggests a depth of at least ten feet. The scary part is that I have no way to make sure there are no sharp rocks right underneath its surface. I also have no ropes or vines to ease my descent, and it’s impossible to climb down the slippery wall by myself.
The good part is that I’ve got unlimited water and enough food to last for weeks. So, I can rest and think of a solution. I sit down, close my eyes, and try to imagine the sun shining high above, beyond the red vault of the cave. In the other life, I was stuck in the mountains. But there, I was able at least to see the sky and feel the wind. I wish I could just go to sleep and wake up inside the other existence. Even though I think it’s still late afternoon, the world of dreams quickly catches me in its net.
mu

 

I suppose it’s evening now. Or maybe it’s morning? I feel tired, and my muscles hurt. Most likely, I’ve slept for only two or three hours. So, I shall assume it’s the evening of June 23. I stretch my arms and legs and look around. Nothing has changed since last night. I need to continue my trip, and this would require my descent into the waterfall.
There are no objects in the cave that I could use to ease my job, and I have no ways to fathom what lies beneath the water surface. The voice that helped me on a few occasions is silent now. Nobody else whispers anything into my ears. Meditation is the only thing left. And so I sit on the ground, letting my mind flow and expand to the edges of the Universe.
Again, one seems to be floating somewhere beyond the river of time. One’s perception is extending beyond the cave walls. High above, one can feel tree roots digging deep in the ground and fawns grazing on the mountain meadows. This entangled network, this body, these thoughts, they all flutter underneath the mountain chain. The waterfall nearby flows into a deep basin without any hidden rocks under the surface. The safest and easiest way to go on with the journey is by jumping from the edge. That’s what one’s mind tells one.
I wake up from my trance as soon as I get the answer to my question, my body forcefully pulled back into this twisted reality. I’ve got a strong feeling that this adventure is changing me in unpredictable ways. Who am I? It would be easier to tell who I was before I arrived on the Island. Now, I’m just carrying the name and memories of Alberto Shimada. And some of Nivit’s memories, too.
I insert the folded map into the wooden box, next to my notebook. The case is watertight and should keep its contents safe in the water. It has already done so on several occasions. I wrap my stalagmite-lantern in my coat, together with a bunch of fresh mushrooms. After eating the last fruit from the Lady in Green, I gather my courage and step onto the waterfall’s edge. I take a deep breath to calm down my heartbeats. Then, with my coat tied around my chest, I let myself fall into the ice-cold darkness.
Powerful currents drag my body to the bottom. My legs and hands strike the water with all their might, propelling me back to the surface inside a swarm of bubbles. Moments later, I pull myself onto the bank in complete darkness, coughing and gasping for air. My muscles are shivering from the cold. My wet clothes weigh a thousand pounds. And the stalagmite has fallen off from my coat, leaving me without a light source.
One minute later, I glimpse a few bright spots higher up. Unfortunately, they are way too faint to help me see my surroundings. Using my sense of touch, I return to the water’s edge and try to peek into the basin. I can’t see anything behind the dim reflection of the foamy ripples that agitate the surface. The barely visible luminous sparkle coming from the bottom is probably a reflection of the ceiling.
For a moment, I think about diving again into the stream and searching for the stalagmite. However, I doubt I can reach the bottom without the leverage given by a plunge from high up. So I’ll have to continue my trip with no lantern. I’m sure I shall find sooner or later something else to chase the darkness away.
I remember that the arrows from the map followed a straight line for about two and a half to three miles. This means I can manage for a while, even in darkness, just by following the watercourse. I have to keep moving, for I need to warm my muscles and stop my body from shivering.
I take off my clothes as I did in previous such situations. Then I squeeze out of them as much water as I can. Unsurprisingly, putting them back proves to be a difficult job, for the wet fabric tends to stick to my skin. The cold penetrates my bones, but I have to bear it, for there is no other way to warm my garments. I often have to pause and strain my muscles in isometric exercises to reduce the shaking of my limbs. I clench my teeth, squeeze my fists, and wait patiently for the pain to alleviate.
With the clothes finally back on, I inspect my possessions by touch. It seems nothing else is missing besides the stalagmite. My mind is again creating small shapes of light and color that sparkle at the edge of my vision. Or perhaps there are some entities inside the cave that generate them. Never mind, I’ve got no inclination or time for a more detailed investigation. These creatures can go ahead with their business while I take care of my problems.
After I finish checking my items, I resume my journey towards the exit, still many miles away. I have fits of coughing once in a while, but they gradually calm down. Every few minutes, I stop for pushups and squats to keep my blood in motion. I follow a broad passage, with the river flowing in the middle. The sound of water is soothing, like an encouraging whisper. It chases some of my loneliness away and helps me maintain my orientation. Sometimes I click my tongue or shout out loud, trying to estimate the distance from the wall on my left. I’m still cold, but the air is getting warmer.
About half an hour later, my left hand touches a hot stream that flows along the wall and pours into a shallow basin. This place feels a bit like a sauna. I can finally get my body warm again. Far ahead, I also glimpse a dim light. I go past the stream and find a few stalagmites covered with glowing microscopic creatures. Here it comes, my new lantern to replace the one lost in the waterfall.
I go back to the spring, take off my clothes and boots, and spread them to dry on the nearby stones. Then I lie down in the shallow water, like inside a bathtub. The blood circulation inside my body returns to normal in a few minutes. Exhausted from the last hour’s effort, I fall asleep inside the basin.
♣
June 24 — Morning (approximate date and time).I wake up in a hot bath and need a few moments to recall what happened the previous night. I feel rested and in good shape. However, my skin is slightly irritated from exposure to water. My fingertips have become soft and tender. With clumsy moves, I get out of the bath. I sit down on a dry stone next to the basin, shaking and flexing my fingers. A few minutes later, the skin of my hands turns back to normal, and I can use them to put my clothes and boots on. They dried while I slept and are comfortable to wear again.
The stalagmite-torch from my hand gives me enough light to check the map. My path towards the exit follows a long tunnel that branches off from the gallery with the river. After a while, I’m supposed to reach another large cavern. I eat several mushrooms and drink a few sips of water, then get back on with my journey.
About two hundred yards ahead, the river disappears into a lower gallery. Some minutes later, the passage is climbing again. The air is hotter and drier. All these circular tunnels make me wonder if they are natural. There are too many of the same size. Yet, I can’t imagine any intelligent beings digging such a useless underground network. Unless this is a mine. But what would they extract from here? I guess I’ll find out soon.
No, this can’t be a mine. Mines have flatter side walls and sometimes poles and planks to protect the ceiling from caving in. Not to mention personal items and broken tools. I don’t see any trace of these. Maybe they cleaned everything before they left? That would be even less likely. No matter how hard I think, I can’t figure out how this network was created.
I pass a few gray heaps made of a soft, decomposing substance. They spread around an unpleasant smell of rotten moss. I have no idea what they could be. The galleries and caverns crossed during the previous days were natural formations. But this area is too dry for a cave system dug by mother nature.
The tunnels near the circular bay were the same. Perhaps a network of hot springs hidden behind the walls is desiccating the rock? I assumed the same thing about the tunnels close to the shore. Also, I realize I haven’t heard any voices lately. This place seems devoid of any entities from Nosyon.
I keep going through the maze of tunnels. Some of the passages are not even marked on my map. Perhaps because they are newer? Who has dug them, anyway? Luckily, it’s easy to maintain my course, for the main gallery is wider than the rest.
After about an hour of trekking through this dry labyrinth, I hear a low rumbling noise. Soon, the ground under my feet begins to vibrate. Is this an earthquake? I think something large and heavy is coming from behind, sliding along the gallery!
My stalagmite is not bright enough to let me see anything beyond four or five yards. I don’t know what causes this shaking, but I feel no need to find out. I’m worried about having pieces from the ceiling falling over me, so I decide to run ahead as fast as I can. The noise gets louder as the thing seems to use the same route.
Ten minutes or so later, I’m already exhausted from running. I jump into a side tunnel and let the incoming thing pass by. I glimpse a white shape that almost fills the passageway. A triangular mouth at the front is taking bites from the walls. It’s followed by successive rings that expand and contract, pushing it along the gallery. The creature has no eyes or nose. I need a few more moments to realize that I’m looking at a giant worm. The monster seems to feed on rocks, or perhaps on something they contain.
Now I know who has dug these tunnels. The smelly gray heaps seen before are nothing else but their body waste. Is this rock rich in some unusual minerals or organic substances that make it edible and perhaps even tasty for the giant worms?
I wait quietly for about fifteen minutes at the edge of the side tunnel before I dare to continue my trip. From now on, I need to make sure I have other galleries within my reach, or I might get crushed like a bug by one of these beasts. This is not the kind of death that would appeal to anyone. Well, death would not appeal to me right now in any form. Not before I can see Nivit again. In the spots with no side-tunnels, I’ll have to run, passing through as fast as I can. Who knows? Maybe these creatures also hunt down and eat intruders. I’ll have to be more careful if I don’t want to become their next meal.
After about one more hour of brisk walking, I reach the hall drawn on my map. Like most large caverns I’ve visited so far, tiny luminescent creatures that grow on rocks make the ceiling bright. This time, the light from above has a pale violet color. Part of the ground is covered by blue mushrooms. I can’t find any water source nearby.
It’s probably around noon now. I’m thirsty, but no spring flows here. The air feels dry and hot. I wonder how these mushrooms can grow without water. Their color is unusual, and I refrain from even touching them. This hall is no good for resting. I decide to quickly cross the cavern and continue my trip straight ahead, following the red arrows from the map. I may have only about ten miles left. If my legs help me, I could be out of the caves by evening.
While crossing the hall, I glimpse near the right side-wall about twenty round stones the size of a human head. Pushed by curiosity, I come near them for a closer examination. Their surface is soft and somewhat elastic to the touch. One is cracked open. I spot a tiny worm coiled on the floor next to it. Now I get it. This has to be the nest of the rock-eating creatures! I suppose an intruder may not be welcome here. Probably just the opposite! Immediately, I begin running as fast as I can toward the exit in front of me.
From the opposite side of the cavern, I hear the familiar rumbling sound. I glimpse a worm appearing from a lateral gallery, trying to block my way. I manage to pass it in time and keep running. The tunnel that should take me to the exit is not far. I rush into it, followed by the creature. A clatter comes from behind, louder by the second. Soon, it’s getting really close.
When I think the beast is ready to snatch me, I jump into a side passage and continue to run through it. The worm can’t enter this new gallery, but it doesn’t give up. It begins to tear apart pieces of rock from its edge, trying to make the tunnel large enough to squeeze through.
I’m saved, at least for the moment. The worm can’t come in here. But I have to get back to the main gallery if I want to reach the exit. My tunnel is branching off ahead into several narrow corridors. I take one that seems parallel with the way out. I feel as if I were trapped inside a giant piece of Swiss cheese. A cheese with walls that emit a dim red light. I can see reasonably well where I’m going, even without my stalagmite-torch.
I suppose these passageways have been dug by smaller worms. However, even those creatures must have had a diameter of about seven feet. I stop for a few minutes to catch my breath. I can’t see the worm anymore, but I know it’s in the main gallery, waiting.
The monster might be more intelligent than it looks. Perhaps it knows it can’t get in here and plans to catch me when I step back into the main gallery. I keep moving through the side passageways, trying to put more distance between me and the malefic creature.
Suddenly, a shrill whistle stabs my ears. At the same time, I spot a dark form coming from the passage ahead, blocking my way. I change direction and rush into another gallery, but I find another worm waiting for me there.
I continue to switch tunnels while more and more wriggling beasts are surrounding me from a distance. Soon, they will fill all the escape routes. It’s only a matter of time until I’m going to be caught in the middle. Desperate, I’m searching for an even narrower passage where they shouldn’t be able to reach me.
At last, I stumble into a tunnel with a low ceiling, only about three feet wide. I move through it as quickly as I can, leaning on my hands and knees, back hunched, head bowed. This passage was probably carved by a young worm. I only hope its digger is not going to show up and attack me in here. In any case, at this size, I might have a chance to fight it off with my little knife.
The new tunnel seems to go down. I see no other galleries connected to it. Behind me, one of the large shapes has reached the entrance and began enlarging it with its teeth. If my passage opens into a different place, I might be saved. But if it’s a dead-end, I’m already a shadow of the past.
I keep crawling, almost tumbling, as the passage beds further downward. The tunnel is squeezing me, descending now at an angle of about forty-five degrees. The dim red light from the walls is gone. Fortunately, I still have my luminous stalagmite. Holding it tightly in my hand, I continue to advance on my knees and elbows. And before I have a chance to see what waits for me ahead, the path opens into the ceiling of another large cavern.
When I realize what’s going on, I’m already falling into the unknown. About two seconds later, my feet and back hit hard the surface of an ice-cold lake. I quickly sink half the way to the bottom of the pool. The pressure is squeezing my eardrums while my nostrils fill with liquid pain.
My hands and legs push frantically downwards, and I rise for a long time until I finally break the surface, coughing and gasping for air. Swimming towards the shore, shivering from the bite of the frigid water, I can spot high above a luminous yellow ceiling and the small hole through which I fell.
I’m inside a new cavern about three hundred feet in diameter and perhaps seventy feet high. The lake measures about a hundred feet across. It was a stroke of good luck to fall in the deep basin. Otherwise, such a plunge would have meant my instant death.
My thoughts go back to the worms. From what I’ve noticed, these creatures don’t like water. The narrow tunnel that saved me was probably dug by a smaller beast that must have accidentally fallen into the lake and died. I don’t expect the rock eaters to enlarge that passage by tonight. Also, if they reach this cavern by tomorrow, they will most likely drown after plunging into the lake, as the depth of the pool is at least twenty feet.
I take off my clothes and boots and start running in circles around the basin to get warm again. I’m already used to this unpleasant routine. As I try to put my blood back in motion, I spot bunches of white, edible mushrooms growing nearby. A clear stream is emerging from a wall. Circling the cave, I discover a hot spring that pours into a natural bath dug by the falling water, perfect for warming my body. Three gallery entrances are visible on the opposite edge of the hall. Their shapes are irregular, suggesting that no worms live here.
Unfortunately, this hall and its connecting galleries don’t appear on my map. After the encounter with the worms and my unexpected plunge below the main level of the cave system, I can’t use any longer the route marked by the red arrows. I shall have to rely on one of these three passages to find my way out of here.
Why hasn’t the Lady in Green mentioned the worms? Maybe she didn’t know about them. And how did she draw such a detailed map of this network, anyway? Perhaps through an enhanced meditation technique? I’ll never know for sure, and it doesn’t matter anymore.
I examine the basin again. There must be some spot where all this water drains. But from what I can see, there is no hole anywhere near the surface. So, the water travels even lower. How far down could it flow? I suppose until it reaches a hot area. There, it evaporates and rises back to the higher caves as steam. Perhaps this planet, as well as Earth, is hot deep below.
I’m exhausted and decide to spend my night here. First, I’ll take a long bath inside the hot spring while my clothes and boots are drying. A few mushrooms will have to do again to appease my stomach’s growling discontent. Who knows, maybe despite falling below the main level of the network, tomorrow I can finally leave this world of darkness.
♣
June 25 — I assume it’s morning when I wake up and decide to use meditation once more to find a path out of here. However, the mind expansion technique proves useless, so I give up after one hour. There is only emptiness in the three galleries and this cavern. As if they didn’t exist at all. So, I shall have to explore them one by one. I push myself to be optimistic, keeping up the hope that I can get out of here on my first attempt. I wonder how is Nivit’s life in Nosyon. What is she doing right now? I really hope she’s well, as well as she can possibly be in that realm of twilight.
After an unappetizing breakfast made of the same bland-tasting mushrooms, I choose the left gallery. I take a deep breath and step inside it with a new luminous stalagmite in my hand. What initially looks like a large tunnel narrows down gradually until I have to crawl on my knees and elbows. To my relief, the gallery is widening once more about thirty yards farther, and I can soon walk normally again.
Soon, the air seems to become denser. A blue fog with a stinging smell fills the passageway, making me dizzy. I stagger for a few steps but decide to continue my trip. The ground is softer here, almost elastic. A beam of blue light is shining someplace far ahead. Is this the reason for the bluish color of the fog, too? I advance with caution. To my surprise, I soon find blades of grass on the floor, for the first time since I’ve entered the caves.
Plants come from seeds, and those seeds had to be brought here by winds from outside. Could I be that lucky? Could the exit be so close? Am I finally going to see the sun again, after a week or more spent in darkness? The light that shines ahead is getting brighter. The gallery seems to end abruptly into an open space. I stop.
Before stepping into the bright area, I pull out my handkerchief and use it to cover my eyes. The intensity of the light outside is blinding. It’s painful even through the folded fabric. If I only kept my eyes closed with nothing covering them, it would be way too bright. I have lived in a dark place for such a long time that sudden exposure to daylight might put my eyesight in danger.
Blindfolded, I walk with care, touching the right wall with my hands to maintain my orientation until I exit the cave. Soon, I can hear birds singing. I can feel the sunlight and the caress of the wind on my face.
I’ll have to wait like this for a while. So, I lie down on the grass, allowing my retinas to adjust. I let about five minutes pass, then I remove the handkerchief, still keeping my eyes closed. I lift my eyelids for a fraction of a second, then lower them back down for a few moments. I continue to do so, each time holding my eyes open longer until the brightness becomes bearable.
My surroundings look fuzzy. I can’t see well what’s around me yet, but colors and contours are gradually forming. I’m in the middle of the mountains, close to a clearing full of red flowers bordered by trees that look like oaks. A massive rock is visible on the far side to the right. Who knows, maybe the seashore is near, too.
I need another few minutes until my eyes can fully adjust to this new environment. As soon as I can see clearly, I begin walking to the center of the glade. Suddenly, I hear a loud noise and glimpse an elephant covered with thick brown fur running along the opposite edge of the clearing. Five men dressed in animal skins and armed with spears are chasing it.
The beast manages to escape and fades among the trees. The hunters return disappointed. Three men disappear from my view behind the rock. The other two nod to each other and go on following the tracks of the furry animal.
These individuals look strong and territorial. I’m worried they might not be friendly if they spot me here. The pocket knife is my only weapon. Feeling quite vulnerable in an open area, I retreat behind a tree.
Some anthropologists say that our ancestors used to wear animal skins and had to hunt for a living at the dawn of civilization. Agriculture appeared at a much later stage. I may not be on Earth, but perhaps all civilizations evolve in similar ways. This scene reminds me of our own history. However, the presence of these primitive people so close to Gold City is puzzling. Before getting closer, I think it’s wiser to observe them for a while.
So far, my presence went unnoticed. I look around again as I consider the risk of getting back in the open. Many trees, including the one in front of me, have red fruits hanging from their branches. The fruits look like apples. They would be quite a treat for me after a week-long diet based almost exclusively on cave mushrooms.
I reach for a lower branch and try to pick a fruit. My hand passes through it as through the air. Then I try to touch the tree trunk and get the same result. Everything has the consistency of smoke. Only the grass feels real. Could it be that the primitive men I just saw are like these trees, part of a different reality, unable to interact with me directly? I decide to take my chances, getting out in the open and crossing the clearing.
As I walk towards the other side, the ground becomes harder. I look at the grass under my feet: the blades are protruding through my boots. I bend down to touch them. My hand only feels the air. Behind me, I can see my footprints for a distance of about twenty yards from the cave’s entrance. Then, they are gone. The boundary between the tangible and intangible world must be there.
Next to the forest edge, another cave entrance darkens the side of the rock. I walk towards it as one of the men I saw earlier is stepping outside. He looks through me, unaware of my presence. I come close to him and try to touch his shoulder. My hand passes freely through the flesh. I breathe out in relief: these people can’t harm me. Curious to see more, I descend into the cave.
A few steps in, I find myself in a large hall with a fire burning in the middle. I can see simple pottery spread on the uneven ground. Three women are preparing food, cooking meat on long wooden skews held above the flames. An old man rests a little farther on a bed of moss. Another man in his middle age sits next to him, sharpening the tip of his spear with a flint.
There are eight people in the cave: three men, three women, and two children. Their faces are similar to modern humans. They’re exchanging words in a harsh language with short tonal words. Perhaps the middle-aged man is talking about the prey they have just missed. Everyone’s complexion is light-brown, and they are dressed in animal skins. The women are wearing in their hair simple adornments made of bone. The men have strings of animal fangs around their necks. They look relaxed and confident, knowing they can rely on each other to overcome any hardships.
After a few minutes of observation, I feel ready to leave the place. And then I glimpse another entrance on the far wall, going deeper. I step through, curious to see what’s behind it. I arrive inside another cave, identical to the first.
It looks like I have also traveled back in time. Now I’m in front of a different group. The pottery is gone, and there is no fire. Unlike the first people who wore animal skins and had their skin relatively hairless, these are naked. A thin fur covers their bodies. Their heads, even though similar to humans, have some animal, ape-like features. I spot no advanced tools, just wooden sticks and sharp stones spread over the floor.
This group doesn’t use any complex language, for I hear only quick grunts instead of words. I count six of them: two males, three females, and a child. Pieces of meat, perhaps from a killed hare, are placed on a large stone slab. And, behind them, I discover a third cave entrance, leading even deeper. I walk through, apparently sliding beyond the dawn of humanity.
Seven creatures that look like apes have gathered around a heap of bananas. They are smaller than adult humans, with their bodies covered by thick brown fur, except for their faces and hands. I think there are two males, three females, and two youngsters. I see no tools whatsoever. There is no language, no humanity. Maybe their senses are keener, too, for a couple of them seem to react to my presence, looking insistently in my direction. However, as they can’t see or touch me, I stay on my spot.
The air seems filled with a heavy sadness. It’s probably the pain of their limited existence and their desire to change into more advanced beings. Is this the predawn of civilization? Or is it a local transformation where animals are gradually becoming human? Wait, could it be the other way around? Probably not, as those beings from Nosyon are also turning into humans. But then, why do the humans from Esyon go back to Nosyon when they die? Perhaps there are two realms there that share the same name? Or is it a cycle where they go back and forth?
The two deeper caves are even less connected to this reality. I can only step inside them and observe their dwellers. They lead to outside places that I can’t reach. Overwhelmed by the new impressions, I return to the clearing.
This place can’t be in Esyon. I suppose it’s not in Nosyon, either. I can’t find Excelsior here, and I can’t interact with this world. I shall have to go back to the large hall with the bright ceiling and look for another way out. Unless there is a hidden exit nearby to take me someplace else, preferably outside this cave system.
I spend the rest of the day in the unusual cavern, exploring its surroundings as in a state of dreaming. The air is getting warmer when I reach the southernmost point (based on the position of the fake sun), and I can see the tall grass around my feet swaying in the wind. The trees and mountains marking the virtual horizon in the north are covered in snow. I can feel the cold breath of the winter when I carry my steps in that direction. The other two seasons, spring and autumn, dominate the areas located at sunrise and sunset.
This extreme variety occurs over less than three hundred yards. If I try to go deeper, I bump into an invisible barrier that feels like a hard, smooth surface and seems to enclose the cave. I brought a few stones from the connecting gallery and threw them as high as I could. They recoiled from an invisible ceiling. The same happened with the floor: it’s hard, smooth, and impossible to even scratch. The whole place feels like an enormous flattened crystal globe. And it seems there is no way out of it.
I guess the breeze that blows in here comes from the temperature difference between the edges. Of course, the air currents strengthen the illusion of being outside. I take a deep breath and turn my gaze up. A few white birds are flying high above, across the fake sky. I sigh, lie down on the hard ground, and look at the white clouds coming and going. And then I realize there is one more thing about this place, something I didn’t notice at first: the absence of any fragrance of the fruits, flowers, and trees. The primitive people had no body odor, either. If I close my eyes, I can only identify a faint scent of grass and moss coming from the proximity of the entrance.
At sunset, I leave the cavern of illusions and begin my return trip to the hall with a lake in the middle. I would like to stay longer, but I need water and food. If the length of the day here is close to the one on Earth, it seems I was off by only about three hours in guessing the time. Perhaps the human body has an internal clock that can measure it?
While walking through the segment filled with blue fog, my left foot stumbles onto something large, too light to be a rock. I bend down and lift the object in front of my eyes. It’s a human skull. Another prisoner of this world must have lived and died here, alone and without any hope of getting out. A little farther, near the wall, a skeleton with a few dark rags hanging from its bones is frozen into a sitting position, head missing. There are no tools or other personal objects next to it. Nothing to help me with any information about the deceased.
This person must have died long ago of sickness or old age, perhaps too weak to move anymore as he, or maybe she, was leaning against the wall. At some point, probably some years later, the neck vertebrae broke off and sent the skull tumbling down into the middle of the passageway. I put the head back next to the skeleton. I whisper a short prayer for the peaceful rest of the unfortunate soul, then continue my walk until I reach the cavern with the lake.
***I conclude there is no exit through the first gallery, only a bridge that leads to the boundary of an even stranger world. A realm of brightly colored shapes and shadows, a world I cannot enter.
I feel exhausted after my trip. After a bath in the hot spring and a dinner consisting of the same white mushrooms, I quickly fall asleep.
♣
June 26 — The morning of a new day has just begun. Or so I think, anyway, when I wake up. I’m going to try the middle gallery now. Maybe this path will finally take me out of here. However, I don’t feel very optimistic when I think about the skeleton from the first passageway. Still, I shan’t know where the passage leads until I explore it. The tunnel I fell through is up there, in the middle of the ceiling. It looks like a dark mouth laughing at me. However, it seems the worms have abandoned my pursuit, for the hole’s laughter is silent.
Unlike the left tunnel, the one from the center has a constant diameter and climbs on a mild slope. I keep trekking for more than thirty minutes with no end of it in sight. At some point, I notice that the ceiling is gradually turning green. Perhaps the rock contains a mineral with this color. Farther ahead, I glimpse something looking like daylight. Is this the exit? Could my ordeal finally be over?
As I had several hours of exposure to the fake sun yesterday, I think I can adapt faster to the brightness from outside. I shut my eyelids, stop at the edge of the gallery and wait. When the fireballs burning my retinas fade away, I open my eyes slowly and look around. For a long moment, I hope to see the real sky and sun. Alas, in front of me lies another large cavern. An imposing golden pillar, perhaps thirty feet tall, stands near the center. On top of it, a strange creature is seated, apparently meditating.
The stranger has a pair of large membranous wings sprouting from his shoulders, like those of a bat. He has a thick nose, bushy eyebrows, and three eyes. Two look like human eyes and are half-closed. The third, placed in the middle of the forehead, seems more like a bright vertical oval that emits white light. The creature’s skin has a dark brown color, and most of it is covered with black fur, leaving free only the hands, feet, and face.
The dome above is radiating a yellow light. Its intensity is much higher than what could come from any luminescent creatures. Blue blades of short grass cover the ground like a carpet, and there are dozens of trees growing on the far side of the cave. The cave itself has a diameter of over a thousand feet and a height of more than one hundred. Natural columns of stone support the ceiling in a few places.
As soon as I step in, the creature lifts its eyelids, gazing at me intensely. I shuffle in front of the pillar, and our eyes meet. A few moments later, I can hear a man’s voice inside my head. It’s speaking in the Eldorian language in a deep voice with a metallic vibration. This is definitely not the voice that taught me to meditate in the mountains. The stranger asks:
“Who are you?”
“I am Alberto, a sailor from another world,” I reply. “I’ve got lost, and I’m trying to find my way out.”
I can feel a smile coming from the mysterious being, who says:
“You think it’s that easy to escape from this realm? I have lived in this hall for more than five hundred years, and I’m still stuck in here. But I have to admit, your apparition comes as a surprise. It’s the first time I’ve got a visitor, for this place is cut off from the outer world.”
“Cut off?” I utter, feeling a shiver down my spine. “But I need to get back to my ship as soon as possible. My people might not be around Gold City for more than two or three weeks.”
“Time is of no importance in this realm,” the stranger counters, lifting his right hand in front of his chest and drawing a circle in the air, the back of his palm facing in my direction.
“It is, for me. I don’t think I can even survive here for a month,” I insist. “I need food and sunlight. I really have to find an exit as soon as possible.”
The stranger is examining me with his blazing eyes for a while. His smile widens. Then he says:
“By arming yourself with patience, you shall find an exit someday. Let me repeat: I have trained my mind and body for five hundred long years, hoping I could soon see the sky and feel the wind caressing my face. But I’m still here. I suppose I’m not ready to leave yet. During my first years of captivity, I have explored many times the galleries connected to this place. Nonetheless, no passage leads outside. If you are here, there must be a reason. The body can’t leave until the mind is prepared.”
No guest has visited him all this time, he says. I suppose the five hundred years mentioned are measured in Esyonian years. This makes it a bit over four hundred years on Earth. But how come the unfortunate soul who died in the first gallery has never made it to this place? Or maybe he did? If so, what happened to him?
For a moment, I consider telling him about the cave with the fake sun and the human remains found on my way there. But after a short hesitation, I decide against it. Better avoid revealing too much to someone you’ve just met. Then I freeze: What if the winged creature can read my thoughts? I’ll take the chance he can’t and opt to ask him how to prepare my mind to get out of these caves:
“Honorable host, then what should I do?”
“Meditate, like me,” he says. “Use your mind to go beyond these rock walls. Learn to see the true face of the Universe. If you persist in your training, someday you’re going to find a path to take you out. Therefore, return to your cave. Train day and night until you can pass your self-imposed limitations.”
“But this can take many years,” I reply, strangled by fear.
“For some, it can take days, for others, millennia. However, it’s the only way out of these caves.”
“I could easily die of starvation before accomplishing anything!” I retort, shaken by panic. “How can I survive with only a few mushrooms a day for such a long time? And what about dying of old age?”
“Everything is in your mind,” the stranger says. “If you strengthen your mind, you can live for millennia. As for food, when you understand the true nature of reality, you can create with a single thought a sun under the ceiling of a cave and gardens with fruits on its floor. I wish you success in your endeavor. And before you go, you may pick from the trees behind me as many fruits as you can carry.”
When he finishes talking, an idea strikes my mind. The stranger has wings. Maybe he could come to the lake hall and fly up to the gallery from the ceiling. I’ll tell him about the worms later.
“Honorable sir,” I say again. “I fell from the ceiling of a hall into a lake. It’s a large cavern, with a bright yellow vault, although far dimmer than the one here. The ceiling’s height is about ten to twelve times my own height. I have a map with the way out, given by a friend I met a few days ago. If you can fly, you could reach the passage and leave this place immediately. Perhaps we can use tree branches to make a ladder. With a little help from your part, I might succeed in getting out of this place, too. We could both be out of here soon.”
The creature looks at me with an amused expression:
“You say the ceiling is bright. Please go back to that hall and check if you can still see the gallery. If you do, then return here, and we shall work on your plan. However, I expect it to be gone by now.”
“Gone?”
“Yes, gone. How do you think I arrived here? Some paths that lead to this cave system are one-way only. So take some fruits from the trees if you like, then leave my cavern.”
I mutter a few words of thanks, then walk around the high platform and fill my coat, used again as a bag, with fruits of shapes, textures, and colors I’ve never seen before. When I finish, I hear the voice inside my head again:
“Now, go in peace and begin working on your mind. I will continue my training, too. Come back when you’ve made some progress.”
With a slight bow, I turn around and leave the cavern. About half an hour later, I’m back inside my hall. As soon as I arrive, I lift my gaze to inspect the ceiling. I gasp. The passage that brought me here is gone. Incredulous, I walk around the lake, still staring upwards. I can see the domed shape of the cavern fine. There is no hole in it, no trace of any gallery.
The hole was still there this morning. Why did it disappear when I was gone? Maybe it never existed? But if that’s the case, how did I arrive here? Perhaps my troubled mind made me see the gallery all this time until the stranger told me it was gone. But what if the stranger has made it disappear? Then, maybe I’m under his power and should better do as he suggests until I find an exit. And what if he’s right? I’m going to need some time to sort this out.
I spend the rest of the day meditating, delaying the third gallery’s exploration until tomorrow. Better live through another night with the hope of a nearby exit than have it dashed within the next few hours. Yet, before doing anything else, I eat one of the fruits. It looks like a pear but has the taste of a peach. It’s delicious.
♣
June 27 — My meditation session didn’t bring any change to the cave. It didn’t make grass sprout from the ground, nor did it light a sun under the ceiling. But it calmed down my emotions and cleared my mind. After another night spent here, I’m ready to explore the third and final gallery.
I eat a few mushrooms and a fruit, drink some water, then enter the passage. The moment of truth has come, for this is the only gallery left to explore. With these thoughts, I begin walking through the dark tunnel.
After going straight for thirty yards or so, the gallery widens, reaching a diameter of about fifteen feet and descending on a mild slope. With the stalagmite-torch in my hand, I keep going like this for about three hours. Then the passage finally opens into a circular hall roughly sixty feet in diameter and more than thirty feet high.
Everything is sunk in darkness, for no luminescent colonies cover the ceiling or the walls. I cannot spot any bright stalactites or stalagmites, either. There is a circular natural well in the middle, perhaps ten feet wide. Holding my stalagmite-torch in front of me, I bend over the edge and look down. The surface of the water is reflecting my face at a depth of about thirty feet. And that’s all.
There are no other galleries. I already picture myself dying of illness or old age, with no hope of ever seeing the sun again. No, there has to be a way out somewhere! Maybe the passageway that opens into the strange world with those primitive people has a hidden door that leads outside. I could go back there and explore it again in more detail.
Then my thoughts drift to the gallery that leads to the winged man cave. He told me it’s a dead end. Yet, who knows, maybe he’s lying, attempting to discourage me from escaping. But why would he want to do that? I’m sure he would leave this place immediately if he could. Puzzled, I scratch my head as I take another peek into the well. I’m out of ideas, not knowing what else to do. So, for the time being, I shall go back to my cavern and get some rest.
It’s already late afternoon (or anyway, this is my best guess without a sun or a clock) when I step back into my hall. There is nothing else to do, so I meditate for a few hours. The same frugal dinner of mushrooms and a long bath in the hot spring end my evening activities. Soon, the sleep wraps me in its veil.
♣
Every day, I use the first gallery to visit the world with the fake sun. There I can listen to the wind stirring the tree branches and feel the grass under my bare feet near the entrance. The sun rises and sets like in the real world. I visit the homes of the three groups of humans and apes and listen to their dialogues when I find them inside. I yelled loudly inside their dens a couple of times, but only the ape-like creatures seemed to register my presence. A moment later, they returned to their ongoing activities as if nothing unusual had happened. Repeating the act passed unnoticed.
At least, coming to this place is a sure way to keep track of the passing days, assuming they have the same length as those on Earth or Esyon. Checking the cavern’s boundaries, I repeatedly tried to go farther inside the forest of illusions, even after the spring, summer, fall, or winter became complete under my feet. I always reached the same invisible wall made of a material smooth like glass. And I never could find an exit.
I don’t know who has built this grandiose theatre scene and for what purpose. In addition, I have no idea if one can fully interact with this world. But in any case, I should be thankful to its architect for easing the time I have to spend in this confined space.
Once a week, I visit the middle cave. I always find the winged man meditating on top of the stone pillar. He smiles and inquires about my progress. As there is no notable improvement about me, I leave him alone some minutes later. But before I exit his cavern, he always lets me pick from the trees as many fruits as I can carry. On each visit, I circle the hall discretely, looking for an exit. There is never one. The stranger did not tell me his name, and I never asked for it. Therefore, I named him the Winged Master.
The trip to the third cave takes a long time. I haven’t visited it since. The well might open into a deeper network. However, I can’t breathe underwater and would probably drown if I dived into it. I alternate prayer with meditation to stay sane and focused. I do all I can to keep alive my hopes of getting out of here someday. Unfortunately, I still haven’t found a working plan that could end my imprisonment.
Soon after my arrival, I dug out a few blades of grass from the cave with the fake sun and planted them around the basin with hot water. I hope they can grow here, even though my cavern is not so brightly lit. It’s still a total enigma why the grass near the entrance is real while everything else belongs to a realm of illusions.
♣
Days and weeks pass by, almost unnoticed. I keep using meditation to probe this corner of the Universe, still hoping to find soon a path that can take me back to the outside world. Yet, every time I sit down and let my thoughts come and go like the clouds in a serene sky, I can only feel emptiness. There is emptiness outside and inside me. And pain, a lot of cosmic pain when I think of Nivit.
I suppose Excelsior has already left Gold City. I failed to inform my crew that I’m alive. They will never know about my journey, about the world deep inland. But, somehow, I feel it doesn’t matter anymore. They’re going to be fine without me, and my name will slowly sink into oblivion after they get back home.
The temperature in the cave is comfortable. I have enough water, mushrooms, and occasional fruits to keep me alive for many years. The hot spring bath helps my body stay warm and clean. However, until I can understand what’s going on, I might be stuck here for a long, long time.
nu

 

 
Wake up, let’s wake up  
delicately sleeping friend,  
dreaming butterfly  
 
Matsuo Bashō (1644–1694)



 
My eyelids open under a dark canvas. It looks like I’m inside a tent. With slow moves, I squeeze myself out of it. Immediately, my gaze meets the rough walls of a cave. I have no idea how I’ve got here. I rub my temples and try to remember what happened before I went to sleep. My whole body hurts. It is a strange kind of pain, for it’s not physical. Instead, I’m soaked in deep sorrow. What’s going on?
I stumble outside through the cave’s exit and find a deep valley surrounded by mountains. It lacks any kind of vegetation. Everywhere I look, I see just rocks and spots of melting snow. Under the green-blue sky, the agony spreads through my body and shoots flashes of light to my brain.
Soon, past scenes from my life take shape, one after another, until my hand gently touches the face of a woman. And then I remember the mountain trek and the snowstorm. Where is Nivit? That’s right: she’s gone! She went to Nosyon, and I could not stop her! And that’s why I’m in so much pain.
This pain is not going away anytime soon. It has become part of me, like an armor of fire. An armor I can’t take off. It covers every joint of my body, every muscle, every bone. As I press my fists to my chest, I feel tears flowing along my face. What’s the point of living like this?
I take a deep breath and look at the sky. It’s dark and cloudless, spreading like a crystal dome all the way beyond the horizon. And in its cosmic depth, I see a way out.
“I’m not going to give up,” I say out loud as if Nivit could hear me. “I shall keep fighting to get you back. I shall go to the end of space and time if I need to, and I shall keep searching every place from every world until I find you.”
I return to the cave, open my notebook, and check the last entry’s date. It’s August 5. That means today is probably August 6. Or maybe it isn’t? Could I have slept for more than one night? The same short beard covers my cheeks, like before I sank into the world of dreams. I don’t know how many hours have passed since then. However, lacking a better reference, I shall stick with August 6.
Now I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming about being a butterfly or whether now I am a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
What is the use of living in two realities if I’m a prisoner in both? Nivit is gone, and I can’t pass through the cave walls to follow her into Nosyon. Maybe she died for good, and I shall never know for sure what happened to my beloved. Unless I find a way to cross to the other side myself. What if the world where Nivit went is not the one where the Lady in Green lives? And what if there’s nothing on the other side? What if the people who cross over die or disappear shortly after?
Nivit’s open cocoon, glued tightly to the rock, still hangs on the back wall right in front of me. It’s shining bright like the shrinking patches of melting snow from outside. I sigh as I touch the white material, then turn my gaze towards the cave’s mouth. The weather outside is warmer now, but why would I want to continue my trip like this? Why would I want to keep struggling alone for an empty life? Well, there is a good reason to keep going: if I’m dead, I won’t even be able to remember my love.
I have to enter the other realm. So, how can I do it? Do I need to come really close to death to undergo the same body changes as Nivit? Even if that’s the case, I’m not from this world, so there is a chance the metamorphosis won’t work for me. On the other hand, what do I have to lose? I’m going to take off my clothes, lie down on the floor, and wait. I shall stay inside the cave for as long as it takes until something happens. Until something changes.
♣
At first, there is the painful shivering of the muscles exposed to the low night temperature. When it settles down, your body is gradually becoming numb. You can still feel your legs and hands, but not as much as you used to. Surprisingly, your blood is still being pumped vigorously through arteries and veins. Your internal organs feel warmer than before. Then, your body is getting heavier and heavier. It’s impossible to move, even a little, without using a tremendous amount of energy.
The hours pass slowly. The thoughts come and go. They come and go like the fluffy clouds outside the cave, carried by capricious winds through the thin air. I am the clouds. I am the sky. I am the thoughts coming and going. Coming and going.
Later, your eyes don’t close anymore and cease to discern light from darkness. You can feel your abdomen moving up and down as you slowly breathe in and out. In and out. Your lungs are the only parts of your body that you can still control. The rate of your heartbeats has halved. Your body temperature is dropping.
Soon, you feel as if you are turning into a stone. Feet, legs, hands, thighs, hips, chest, neck, and head — all your body parts are losing the sense of touch. Your thoughts come and go. They come and go under a hard granite sky, their voices, fainter and fainter, like dying echoes of distant thunders.
Then, all the stimuli from the outside world are gone. The stone becomes sand. The sand becomes dust. The dust becomes water. The water becomes mist. The mist becomes air. The air becomes void. There is no breathing. You don’t feel it anymore. Yet, you are not suffocating. There is no sound, no sight, no smell, no taste, no touch, no cold, no warmth.
Time is flowing with unknown speed, with unknown slowness. Or, who knows, maybe it is already frozen solid. You are flowing, too, like the sand from an hourglass, from ephemerality into eternity. Out of space, out of time. It has begun!
♣
Do butterflies dream? If they do, where are their minds wandering during the metamorphosis, the minds of these butterflies who have yet to become butterflies? Maybe some dream of being scientists, philosophers, monarchs, explorers, writers, or poets?
The Universe is dreaming. It’s breathing softly inside a silky cocoon, inside my cocoon of silk. Yet, there is no “my” anymore. It simply “is.” Is being human better than being a butterfly? Is becoming a butterfly better than staying human?
Between a human being and a butterfly, there has to be a difference.
However, is this distinction preventing the human from becoming a butterfly or the butterfly from becoming human? The dreams, like fluffy clouds under an iron sky, come and go. They come and go, never relenting, never stopping. I am only a dream inside a dream. Soon, this dream closes unto itself and prevents any escape. The time without time converges onto a single point without coordinates. There is no more room left for “I.”
There is no more time, no time, nothing but time, and the apparent contradiction of these statements fades away with my last thoughts, for “my” is only an illusion. At the same time, I am everything, and I am nothing. And, also, there is no I. What still exists, what still remains, it simply “is.”
♣
When you open your eyes, there is only a uniform gray you can see, a gray that fills the whole Universe. Is this the first time your eyelids rise and let the light from outside touch your pupils?
Have you opened these eyes in the past? Maybe they were different eyes, somebody else’s eyes? Is the distinction real, or your eyes/somebody else’s eyes used to be focused unto a single point from the present, beyond the long arrow of time?
Now I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming of being a butterfly or whether now I am a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
I wake up inside a cocoon, with no memories of how I got here. The last thing I remember is lying on the ground and waiting for the fluffy thoughts to fade away, like clouds carried by winds under a dark sky.
My hands reach out and tear the silky veil. Soon, my naked body is out of it. My skin has a pale blue color, and I can glimpse an ethereal pair of blue wings attached to my back. Everything else looks familiar. My memories from before the metamorphosis are clear, yet the world feels completely different. I’m still myself, but I have also become someone else, both outside and inside.
Walking around the cave, I notice how the back wall has become translucent. It resembles the surface of a vertical lake, letting my gaze slide deep inside the rock and beyond it. However, the wall feels solid and unyielding to the touch. I can’t see well what’s on the other side. A valley surrounded by mountains seems to be there, but everything is wrapped in dark-blue mist.
I’m going to spend my last day in this world here, amidst the mountains. Then I will step into the other realm. How do I know this? I have no idea. But I feel that my hours here are fading away. In the end, I won’t be coming back to Excelsior, at least not now or anytime soon. Instead, I shall go to Nosyon after the woman I love. Like Orpheus, who descended into the underworld to retrieve his wife, Euridice, I shall cross the river of death to bring back my Nivit.
Looking about, I find my clothes wrapped in a bundle next to the back wall. I suppose a naked entrance into Nosyon isn’t going to be something to my liking. Nor to the liking of the people who live there. I remember Nivit putting her clothes back on soon after she had emerged from the cocoon. So, I decide I should do the same. My wings seem almost made of air, and that’s a relief. I can put on my shirt and coat without disturbing their shape.
I realize it is already afternoon. But what is the date? Nivit has spent thirteen days inside her cocoon. The only thing I can do is add the same amount of time for myself. So, I shall assume that today is August 19. The good thing is I can still touch the things from Esyon. I resolve to go outside for a short walk. Then, a funny thought comes to mind as I leave the cave. What if I changed my mind and continued my journey under this form? And eventually, cross into Nosyon after I get back to my crew?
The sun is so bright now that my eyes hurt even when I look down. I descend into the pass and attempt to walk a few steps on it. However, a few yards ahead, the path is turning soft and slippery. Soon, my legs don’t touch the ground anymore. There is no solid surface under my soles, and this makes any advance impossible. A little scared, I have no choice but to return to the cave, where I’m relieved to have a firm boundary under my feet again.
My hunger and thirst are gone. My new body seems to have enough nourishment from the energy absorbed during metamorphosis, at least for the time being. I come close to the back wall and try again to see what’s on the other side. Meanwhile, the rock barrier has turned into a vertical wavy mirror, showing a distorted reflection of my new appearance. Its touch still feels solid, preventing me from crossing into Nosyon, but something tells me this will soon change.
After sunset, I meditate for a while. Then I say a few prayers. Bathed in the pale light of the luminous globe, I use the remaining time to write a few more notes in my log. I fall asleep inside the tent, knowing that this is my last night in Esyon.
xi

 

August 20 — A soothing golden light floods the interior of the cave when I wake up. I get out of the tent and begin to pack all my things, ready to take them with me into Nosyon. The wall has turned transparent again. This time, the mist is gone. I can see on the other side a valley basking in the red sun of a different world.
My bags are ready thirty minutes later. I check my watch: it’s a little past nine o’clock. Carrying both backpacks, I’m slowly approaching the barrier of rock. The crossing only takes a moment and feels like diving into a warm pool with turbulent water.
Then I have an unpleasant surprise: the bags get stuck near the stone surface, and I can’t pull them along. Caught unprepared, I drop my stuff inside the cave while my body has already fully passed the boundary. I try to cross back to recover it, but it’s too late: the gateway between the worlds has turned opaque and solid. The backpacks with the remaining food rations, the luminous globe, the bear skins, and the tent — they are all lost.
Yet, the clothes I’m wearing and everything in my pockets could go through. And then I realize that the wings of light from my back mark a halo around my body. Everything that stayed inside it during my final hours in Esyon suffered a subtle transformation and could reach the other realm. There is nothing else to do but walk down onto the gentle slope unfolding in front of me.
As I stand next to a high vertical rock covered by red moss, I examine in more detail the surrounding landscape. A dozen yards away, a creek flows along the slope, pouring into a wide river with pale green water that shines about a mile from here. Rocky mountains of a pale-orange color surround the valley, their snowy peaks marking the horizon of a dark-green sky. I’m confident I shall soon find someone to direct me farther, maybe even to the place where Nivit currently lives.
Before I start moving, I try to familiarize myself with this new environment. I take a deep breath. The air feels dense, almost viscous. Also, gravity seems significantly weaker. Every step pushes me about two feet high in the air. Walking is slightly uncomfortable, more like a series of jumps, making me often stagger like a drunk.
From the south, a light breeze is blowing, cooling the air and keeping the temperature pleasant. A large, red sun is shining high in the sky. The grass that fills the valley has a red-orange color, except for a few yellow flowers with triangular petals. I have seen this realm before. It happened in that dream from the caves where the Lady in Green brought me to her castle.
I begin walking towards the river, bouncing along a narrow path in the grass. I keep walking toward the middle of the valley for some time, but the river stays almost as far away as when I started my trek. I’m looking around, checking for any signs of civilization but find nothing. This area appears devoid of any human presence. I can’t spot any birds or animals, either.
As I sit down on a boulder for a short rest, an insect with a blue body and violet wings lands on my left shoulder. I twist my head to examine the creature: it’s larger than my palm and almost looks like a butterfly. A moment later, the insect takes off and soars in a spiral towards the sky. I follow it with my gaze, turning around to see where it goes.
With the sun shining behind me now, I notice something hanging from my lower back, stretching my shadow. It is a pair of real wings! I can touch their surface, and I can move them the way I can move my hands or legs.
Why didn’t I feel the wings as soon as I entered Nosyon? Perhaps they weren’t there yet? I suppose they took a while to materialize and become tangible. And now I have them, as real as the rest of my body. What moves them? Not my back muscles, that’s for sure. The wings seem to have a life and power of their own.
I examine my shadow a bit longer. I look like I’m wearing a short mantle when my wings stay folded. However, when I stretch them, their surface expands at least ten times. The wings are iridescent blue and made of an elastic material, with tiny striations going from the center towards the edges. On touch, they feel smooth and soft, like silk. With my wings wide open, my distorted shadow looks almost like a giant butterfly.
In this case, maybe I could rise in the air and fly along the valley? Flying is going to make my trip much shorter. It’s a strange feeling, but I can already sense my wings flapping behind my back as soon as I think about taking off. A few wing-beats, and I find myself more than twenty feet above the ground, in an unstable position. With a lot of effort, I manage to avoid a hard landing. I sit on the grass for a minute to calm down my heartbeats, then try again. I slowly rise in the air and land about twenty yards farther. And then I do it again. And again.
I need about half an hour to learn how to stay balanced and glide through the air. However, once I’ve managed to control my wings, my speed is several times faster than my walking. Soaring high, I see an isolated blue tower on a mountain far away to my left but decide to keep moving along the river. Rivers almost always lead to people, and I think this one will guide me to an urban community.
I keep following the watercourse, taking breaks every hour or so. Four hours pass before I reach the end of the valley. From there, I spot an unusual city ahead, made of domed buildings with circular aerial platforms on their sides and towers pointing at the sky. A few towers, colored in white, are much taller than everything else.
The city shines in vivid colors with the full spectrum present, but green and blue are dominant. Perhaps the people here try to bring in some resemblance with Esyon. The architecture is quite diverse, and most constructions seem made of marble or stone. About ten minutes later, I’m already flying above the urban center.
♣
Clodell is one of the many cities in Nosyon. Most of its buildings are massive and have regular geometrical shapes. Numerous platforms mark the walls. They are used for landing and taking off. The imposing ivory towers built many generations ago have made this place famous all around the world, all around THIS world.
I hear no voices in my head, but I’m already familiar with these facts about the city. As if my mind had been in contact with some mysterious library while I was undergoing my metamorphosis. And now, all the information is surfacing into the conscious part of my brain. What other things have I learned and still don’t know about them?
As soon as I get closer to the buildings, I see hundreds of people in the air. Below, on streets bordered by exotic trees, many more are walking. I land softly in a park clearing and ask for directions in Eldorian. I have no trouble making myself understood: it looks like everybody here can speak it. Apparently, this is the language of Nosyon, too.
Because I’m a newcomer, the locals suggest I go first to the City Hall. I thank them and follow on foot the direction they gave me. Soon, I arrive at an imposing dome made of dark stone blocks. The building has huge windows and is located in a spacious square, right in the middle of the city. A circle of trees with red leaves surrounds it. Moments after stepping through the front door, I enter a maze of hallways and quickly get lost, having no idea where to go further. Fortunately, others see my confusion and help me find my way around.
Everybody here has blue wings. I suppose it will take a while until I get used to this new place. Did the Lady in Green have wings, too? They were not visible when I visited her castle but perhaps stayed folded behind her back. Her long robe could have concealed them easily. Besides, I was dreaming, so maybe my state distorted my vision, and I didn’t notice the wings. Or, who knows, maybe her wings were missing. That last case would partly explain her self-isolation from other Nosyonians.
♣
Ten minutes or so after wandering through the city hall, I stop in front of a tall counter decorated with intricate geometrical motifs. From the other side, a young man in uniform looks at me amiably. He smiles and hands me a printed form. The sheet of paper has a list of questions and blank spaces where I’m supposed to fill in my name, age, occupation, the location of the crossing, and my place of birth.
I take a pencil from a box I spot nearby, write down the requested information, and hand the form back. While reading my answers, the eyes of the clerk open wide. His wings begin beating the air rapidly, almost lifting him off the floor. I believe his surprise comes from seeing my birthplace.
“Please, come with me,” he says. “It is a most unusual situation to have here someone who is not from Esyon.”
The clerk leaves the counter’s care to a young woman wearing a similar uniform and leads me through a long corridor to a blue door. He knocks on lightly, turns the handle, and we enter a spacious room. Inside, another uniformed man looking as young as the first is seated behind a massive wooden desk. The clerk shows him the form, and his mouth opens wide from surprise. He turns his gaze up and jumps from his chair, examining me with a puzzled expression.
“Hello, Alberto!” the man from behind the desk says, inviting me to sit on one of the empty chairs from the room. “I am Duval (he pronounces it like ‘Dew Vaal’), the president of the Clodell Census Bureau. I see you wrote in the census form that you are from Earth. Only people from Esyon cross to this place at the end of their lives. So, how is this possible? How did you end up here?”
“Hello!” I say as I give course to his invitation. “Well, explaining my presence here is going to take a while. Let’s say that a storm brought me to the Island, and love called me into Nosyon. So, you know about my world?”
“Nice meeting you, and welcome to Nosyon,” Duval says. “You speak our language very well. Where have you learned it? I would be grateful if you could tell me a detailed account of your adventures! I assume that what you call the Island is Esyon. And yes, we know about Earth since long ago through sporadic visits from the people who live there.”
“Thank you for receiving me so well,” I utter. “I would be more than happy to oblige by telling you my story, and that will include the part where I learned your language. I’m surprised to hear you know about Earth, but if you do, I suppose there are other planets like it. Do people from those worlds visit you here, too?”
“There are many worlds in the Universe where people live, but normally they never visit us,” Duval says. “Earth is an exception because it can connect with Esyon through a gate that cancels the enormous distance between these two planets. However, here, in Nosyon, we don’t know how this gate works and why Earth is connected to our realm this way.”
♣
So I tell him my story. It takes me almost one hour to describe everything I went through since my arrival on the Island. I mention both realities and how my adventures went on in each of them. Right before I begin talking, the president presses a button on the wall next to his desk. Another clerk comes, and Duval asks him to write down everything I say.
I’m impressed by the speed of the man’s pencil. He has no problem keeping up with my narrative in an alphabet with short curly lines. It must be a type of stenography, like the systems used by some secretaries from my world. Some things don’t change wherever you go.
Duval voices occasional questions and instructs the clerk to write notes on separate sheets of paper when I answer them. When I finally reach the end of my tale, the red sun is already setting. We watch in silence its disappearance behind the distant mountain peaks, each absorbed in his thoughts.
As the night pours through the window, the president presses another switch from the wall. Bright light from the ceiling instantly floods the office. However, it doesn’t come from the luminous globes used on Esyon but from several white crystals mounted on the stone surface from above. I’ll have to ask later how they work.
“Your adventures make up quite a story!” Duval says. “If someone wrote a book about them, I’m sure it would get lots of readers!”
“Too bad I’m not much of a writer,” I reply.
“You never know how good you are until you try,” the president counters, smiling widely.
In the meantime, another clerk comes in and sets on the table a tray with bowls filled with slices of bread, fish, and fruits. Then he places two empty plates in front of Duval and me and handles each of us a fork and a knife wrapped in a linen napkin. A minute later, a second tray with a large bottle containing a dark red liquid and two glasses joins the one already on the desk.
“Dear friend,” the president says, “let’s have dinner together. Afterward, I shall tell my colleagues to look for Nivit’s arrival in Clodell. I’m confident you are going to meet her soon. In the meantime, please enjoy the food and ask me any questions you like. I shall do my best to offer you all the answers I can find.”
I haven’t tasted such good food for a long time. Besides, all the walking, flying, and talking has made me ravenous. I keep chewing and swallowing bits of bread, fish, and fruits, making efforts to eat slowly and keep my table manners in check. The dark-red liquid from the bottle has a sour-sweet taste, like a mix of peppermint tea, lemon, and honey. I feel refreshed as soon as I take the first sip.
I would like at first to better understand what happened to Nivit. So I throw in my first question:
“How do the lives of the people from Esyon end?”
“When their life energy becomes too low, they cross over to Nosyon.”
“That means people don’t actually die but cross over when their life goes down below a certain threshold, right?”
“That’s correct.”
“What if someone is killed in a fight or loses his life in an accident?”
“Well, in that case, the person dies for a while. Yet, sometime later, the body remains are going to regenerate. In certain instances, if the body was cut to pieces or badly damaged, or if parts of it are missing, the process can take months. However, in the end, it is still going to be put back together. It spins a white cocoon around itself until the deceased is conscious again and ready to cross over into Nosyon. The individual spends inside the cocoon between twelve and fifteen days.”
“You mean, if parts are missing from the corpse, they grow back?”
“Something like this. However, as I said, this is a slow and lengthy process.”
“Let’s say the person completely burns in a big fire. What happens then?”
“The cinder remains are still going to generate a small amorphous form. Then a cocoon will take shape around it. After a while, the form inside will slowly grow to normal human size and emerge from it alive, ready for the crossing to the other world.”
“And where does the energy that helps the dead body regenerate come from?”
“Sunlight or moonlight, even in the tiniest amount, helps the metamorphosis go on normally.”
“Supposedly, the person dies in a cave, in darkness, with no exposure to the sun or the moon. What happens in this situation?”
“I don’t know. The unfortunate individual may remain dead forever. Or maybe the poor soul suffers a different kind of transformation. Perhaps the body stays there to rot while the energy field travels to a place different from Nosyon to begin a new life. I have no personal knowledge of such situations.”
I’m thinking about the remains of the man (or woman) killed and partly eaten by a beast, found underground during our night expedition, close to the king’s palace. Then I recall the skeleton discovered near the exit towards the cavern with the fake sun from the other reality/dream. I suppose I’ll never know what happened to them. Still, it appears to me they couldn’t come back to life and didn’t cross to the other side the way the dwellers of Esyon do.
“So, what is the fate of the people from Nosyon? I suppose they don’t live here forever, do they?” comes my next question.
“Things are more complex on our realm,” Duval says. “Of course, they don’t live forever and at some point have to say farewell to this world. Here, the crossing doesn’t take place when the life energy is low because this does not normally happen. Sure, accidents may occur, and then the people involved cross over anyway. When things go as expected, it’s the people themselves who know when their time has come. Many individuals see a bright light somewhere in the sky that calls them with an irresistible force. They soar in the air and cross over up there. Some may also leave Nosyon in ways similar to those from Esyon, such as passing through a rocky wall.”
“And where do these people cross over to?”
“Back to Esyon, of course!”
♣
I need more than a minute to fully process the answer, although I had been suspecting it for some time, ever since meeting the Lady in Green in my dream. Still, hearing it from Duval has pushed me off balance. If people cross from Esyon to Nosyon and back all the time, then they are immortal! And this seems very easy to do, you only need to wait to die, or you can even kill yourself if you don’t feel like waiting! I’m looking intensely at Duval, the next question on my lips:
“You’re saying that people can cross over at will. In this case, you only need to kill yourself, and then you wake up on the other side.”
“It’s not that simple,” he retorts, a broad smile spreading on his face. “Yes, you can cross over to Nosyon at will. But coming back is not going to be that easy. We start here with our life force at a relatively low level. If you killed yourself now, you would cross over, but not onto the shores of the Island. You are most likely going to wake up in its underground maze of tunnels, and not as a person but as a lower life form, with all your memories erased. It may take centuries until you can evolve into a human form and be reborn into the realm above the ground.
“However, if you travel to the other side when your body is ready, you will come back as a human. Nevertheless, it won’t happen the way you think. You are going to be born naturally with a new body, a new name, and a new identity. You won’t remember anything from your previous life. A new cycle starts with the new birth.”
“Then, leaving Nosyon will mean the death of me as Alberto Shimada,” I say. “There is no way out for me as me, only for someone who WAS me. That must be the distinction Chuang Tzu was talking about.”
“This is how it goes for our people. As for your case, nothing is certain. You’ll find out some years from now; in fact, many years from now. You’ve just mentioned a name: Chuang Tzu. I don’t think I’ve ever heard of him. Who is that person? And what is this distinction described by him?”
When I told Duval my story, I only stuck with the narrative, not getting into too much detail about my thoughts. Thus, Chuang Tzu somehow got left out. I tell the president about the great thinker and his anecdote with the butterfly’s dream. Duval is deeply impressed and asks his secretary to write it down, too. In the meantime, I’m also thinking about my situation. I’m from Earth. Why was I able to cross over? First of all, I wasn’t dying but meditating. Then, how shall I be reborn in Esyon if I cross over again?
I tell Duval these things, and he replies:
“That’s exactly why I am so astonished by your arrival here. I regret to say this, but I cannot help you with any answers. I don’t know what will happen when you cross over again.”
“Going back to the people being reborn inside Esyon, do all newborns come from Nosyon?”
“Not all of them. A few are entirely new beings, with both parents traits contributing to it.”
“Can people make the difference between someone born for the first time and someone who has returned from Nosyon?”
“No, they can’t. All the newborn individuals look like they have sprouted in Esyon for the first time.”
“What about the people who cross back too early and can’t evolve into a human form?”
“As I said, they end up usually in caves, far away from populated areas. If they remain in their lower-life incarnation for too long and don’t improve in a reasonable number of decades or centuries, it’s most likely that they will die out over time, never to be reborn again.”
“And what about the entities that are not human yet but try to cross into Esyon? For example, someone like the Lady in Green. Where do they live in Nosyon?”
Duval pauses a few seconds to think, then he says:
“Honestly, I have never heard of anyone like the Lady in Green, especially as she lives alone in a castle far from any city. But the people living here don’t have full access to all Nosyon. She might dwell in some inaccessible area. Before Esyon existed, there was only Nosyon. Who knows, some primordial entities might still be living in isolated places that we can’t reach.”
“If someone like the Lady in Green successfully crosses into Esyon, is she going to remember her life in Nosyon?”
“As this is her first crossing, she will not be bound by the laws of transformation that affect the rest of us. I can’t tell for sure what might happen, but I expect her memory to stay unaffected.”
I had a long day: first traveling on foot in the morning, then flying part of the afternoon, and finally spending more than two hours in Duval’s office. My body and mind are exhausted after going through all these experiences. The president sees the fatigue from my eyes and says:
“It’s getting late. We all need rest. There are rooms reserved for the newcomers at the Green Dome. You will spot the building if you turn south as soon as you walk out of here. I don’t think Nivit lives there, though, for I don’t remember anyone with this name arriving in Clodell in the recent weeks. Tomorrow morning I shall look for any information mentioning Nivit’s arrival but don’t count too much on it. She is most likely living in a different city. We’ll find her soon, don’t worry about it. And, if there is anything else you need, please don’t hesitate to come here and ask me.”
I nod in agreement. Duval is right. Now that I’m in the same world as Nivit, I can wait another night until I find where she lives. So I say:
“Thank you for your help! I will get some sleep, and shall wait for any news about Nivit. If it’s possible, I should also like to inquire about Robert, the first lieutenant from Excelsior, who died in the battle against the people from Gold City.”
“I’m almost certain he hasn’t crossed into Nosyon,” Duval replies. “Like in your case, such amazing news would have certainly reached me unless he has concealed his true identity when filling in the arrival form. However, that wouldn’t have worked in our cities, for he can’t even speak our language. But sure, we can look for him, that’s not a problem.”
The president opens a drawer, takes out a transparent cube about two inches in size, and handles it to me.
“This is your identification crystal,” he says. “Please show it to the receptionists from the Green Dome. They will provide you with lodging and food for as long as you need until you find a proper living place. And one more thing: avoid flying at night unless you have a luminous crystal attached to your head. The other people up in the air would have difficulties spotting you in time. A collision can be painful. It might also make you lose your balance and fall from a great height. You don’t want that to happen.
“Of course, I could give you a bright crystal right now. But you are still new to this world, don’t know the flying patterns in urban areas, and have never flown at night. It’s better to get at first adjusted flying over the city during the day. The Green Dome is not far, and going there on foot won’t take long.”
“One more question before I leave,” I say as I stand up and point at the ceiling. “How do these crystals work?”
“They store energy from the Sun and the Moon. That’s all I can tell you,” Duval responds.
I leave the City Hall, then walk towards my temporary accommodation. I’m still not entirely adjusted to the lower gravity of this world. Every step feels like a jolt that lifts me in the air, followed by a soft landing. The streets are lit by white crystals that help me find my way around with ease. The city and the people look friendly. Only the sky above feels dark and cold, despite the numerous stars spread across it. Directed by other pedestrians, I arrive a few minutes later at the place supposed to host my new sleeping quarters.
♣
The Green Dome is an imposing guest house designed for the newly arrived into this world or for travelers who need temporary accommodation. The building has the domed shape of the City Hall but is slimmer and taller. The way it looks makes me think of a giant hive. It has hundreds of windows and twelve floors. Like most buildings from Clodell, it’s made of shiny marble blocks.
I produce my crystal cube at the reception desk, as instructed by Duval. The female clerk inserts it into the square hole of a large metal box. Immediately, a pale halo of purple light made of tiny filaments appears on top of the apparatus. It seems those filaments tell her all she needs to know about me. The woman gasps and displays a look of surprise for a moment but recovers quickly. She hands me a key and directs me to a room on the third floor without asking any questions.
“You can stay here for as long as you want,” she says. “We provide two meals a day in the cafeteria located on the ground floor: breakfast and dinner. Usually, most newcomers who plan to live in our city move into better homes after about twenty days. The washing rooms and the toilets are at the end of the hallway.”
“Has anyone with the name Nivit arrived here recently?” I inquire.
The clerk pauses for a moment, diving inside her memory, then she smiles again and says:
“No one wearing this name has arrived here. I suppose she went to a different city after the crossing. Don’t worry, you will find her soon.”
I thank her for the help and information and step into the chamber. My temporary home is modest, as expected. It only has a bed, a table, and a chair. The walls are light green, with no decorations or pictures. A large oval window is hanging opposite the door. The place is clean and emanates a faint smell of mint. I press down a small handle near the entrance and switch on a rectangular crystal mounted on the ceiling. A soothing white light floods the room instantly. It’s been a while since I have slept in a real bed. The last time it happened, I was in Eldor.
I need a couple of minutes to get used to the washrooms and the indoor toilets. They look surprisingly modern compared to my world. Luckily, the instructions written on the walls help me rapidly adapt to the new circumstances. Feeling cleaner and somewhat refreshed, I return to my room.
Taking off my coat and shirt proves to be a challenging operation, as my wings have become real after crossing into Nosyon. They have made holes in my attire and are protruding from my garments. These holes are now too narrow to pull the wings through without tearing off my clothes. Too tired to look for a solution, I only take off my boots and fall on the bed, fully dressed.
I expected to be uncomfortable lying on my back, with my weight pressing over my folded wings. But they are elastic and sturdy, and I feel no pain with them underneath. Of course, the low gravitation must have a say in this, too. Also, the mattress feels soft, as if filled with cotton. The world of dreams fills the room in seconds and traps me in.
♣
August 21 — Bright light floods my room early morning, shattering my sleep and pulling me back to reality. I can’t immediately remember where I am. But my brain kicks on in a few seconds and retraces the events from the previous day. I’m in Nosyon, getting used to this new world and trying to find Nivit. Checking my pocket watch, I see it’s only showing five o’clock, even though the sun’s position in the sky suggests it’s about seven.
I haven’t adjusted my watch since entering Nosyon. So far, I get the impression this world’s day is longer than on Earth or Esyon. The time difference between Nosyon and Esyon seems to have shrunk since yesterday. I also remember that I haven’t seen any clocks or watches in the city.
Maybe the people here don’t care much about measuring time, but I do. If there is a difference in day length, how shall I keep track of the time spent here? Based on my pocket watch or based on the local sunrises? Oh well, I’ll think about this issue later.
As soon as I finish washing, I go downstairs and ask for help about my clothes. A saloon where I can fix them is available on the ground floor. My shirt and coat are quickly adapted through ingenious cuts, sewings, and laces so that I can take them off and put them back on despite the wings. I also get a razor and use it to shave my beard.
The weather in Clodell City is pleasant today. I won’t need my coat, so I leave it in my room. After a nutritious breakfast in the canteen consisting of bread, soy milk (or something close to it), potatoes (or something related to them), and aledo, I take off for the Census Bureau.
Reading the street signs, I can see that here, like in Eldor, the proper names have roots and resonances that don’t fit with the spoken language. Sometimes, they are even written with a different orthography that uses accents or bars above or under the letters.
I enter the Census Bureau and go to the front counter. As soon as the machine reads my crystal, the clerk in uniform jumps up and asks me to follow him to the president’s office. It’s obvious, Duval must have given clear instructions about me to everyone working in this building.
A couple of minutes later, I step into the office with the blue door. Inside, my new friend is deeply immersed in work, filling stacks of paper sheets with beautifully calligraphed letters. As soon as he notices me, the president puts the pages away, smiles, and invites me to sit down.
“Good morning Alberto,” he says. “How was your first night in Clodell?”
“Good morning, Duval!” I reply, “I had a good night rest in my room and a tasty breakfast a short time ago. They also adjusted my coat and shirt. Now I can put them on and take them off around my wings. Have you found any news about Nivit? I asked about her at the Green Dome, but no one with this name has showed up there.”
His smile fades a little when he hears my question, but after a short pause, he goes on:
“I’m sorry. Nobody with this name showed up in our city, as expected. I suppose Nivit went either west or east or maybe even north. You see, there are many urban centers in Nosyon. But don’t worry! We have an efficient system of communication that uses optical signals generated by crystals and a network of towers that can transmit information at long distances. After sunset, we can ask all the neighboring cities about Nivit, at the same time sending them news about your arrival. I suppose she doesn’t expect you to come to Nosyon that soon, if at all. So it’s us who shall have to search for her.
“We intend to send messages tonight to the fourteen cities situated less than five hundred sen away from Clodell and inquire about Nivit. They will check their records tomorrow and will reply by tomorrow night. Then we can direct you to the place where she currently lives.”
After a short pause, the president adds: “Also, we have no news about Robert, the first lieutenant from Excelsior. I believe he never crossed into Nosyon. Nonetheless, we shall also ask if anyone has seen him in any of these fourteen cities. Also, we have no news about any member of your crew who died in the battle from Gold City, either.”
Duval describes the units for the distance on Nosyon, and I find out that five hundred sen is equal to about two hundred and fifty miles. A circle with a radius of five hundred sen encloses a large area. Nivit is somewhere inside it for sure. I realize that waiting is my best option. Flying at random and checking all the neighboring cities would take me at least two weeks. I can use these two days that I’m going to spend in Clodell to get accustomed to my new life and learn more about Nosyon.
I ask Duval about the local attractions from Clodell. He suggests I check the shores of the River Lor, the Art Museum, and the Glass Library. He hands me a map folded to a size that can easily fit in my pocket. A few minutes later, I’m back on the streets of this city from an alien world. I might have to live in this realm for many years. So, I better start getting used to it unless I can come with a plan to quickly take me out of here as soon as I find Nivit.
I let my gaze wander around. Dozens of people are walking or flying back and forth, most of them dressed in blue uniforms. For the rest, the garments are as varied as they can be in any international location.
And there is another detail I didn’t notice immediately upon my arrival: the people here are leaner than in Esyon. The reason must be the lower gravity, which puts less strain on the muscles. I suppose I’m also going to lose weight and shall look like them in a few months.
During the day, many city dwellers tend to travel through the air, usually less than thirty feet above the streets, keeping on their right side. I join the crowd of fliers that cross the dark sky in long files, switch direction a few times, and soon find myself in front of the Glass Library. The library is an enormous cylindrical building with a domed roof mostly made of glass. Large oval windows are placed at regular intervals in diagonal lines along its surface. Blue-leaved plants that look like ivy cover the whinstone wall, their long branches bent in curved arches around the windows.
I spend an hour in the lecture hall browsing a few books about Nosyon. They’re written in the same alphabet with rounded shapes already familiar to me. The information contained in their pages helps me learn more about this place.
In this world, people use small pieces of crystals as money. These crystals are cut in regular geometrical shapes and don’t turn bright at night like those used for illumination. A lot of things are free here, as some food and shelter. Otherwise, this is a society very much like the one on Earth. You can find merchants, scholars, farmers, writers, poets, musicians, lawyers, physicians, engineers, scientists, and almost any other occupation from my world.
People occupy public office positions through comprehensive examinations and interviews. Those involved in making decisions for the individuals living in the cities are subject to both exams and a voting process where all the locals can get involved. There are no men or women who hold all the power. The leadership of every municipality lies in the hands of periodically elected groups, somewhere in the range of ten to twenty. There are no honorific words as “Mr.” or “Ms.” in this world — the Nosyonians call each other by their first name.
Festivals are often held in the cities, with spectacular songs and dances occurring high up in the air. Still, much of this world is a lot like mine. If it weren’t for the red sun, low gravity, and the wings, I should be tempted to think I have just arrived at an exotic place from Earth. Perhaps it’s no surprise that the sun and the moon here have the same names as in Esyon: Suno and Luno.
The commercial connections between cities are relatively low. They mainly focus on information sharing. Books published in one location get soon transported to other urban centers. There, they print new copies if the content is deemed valuable. New inventions and technologies are also shared among communities, but they tend to be rare.
The climate is similar throughout the continent, with no significant differences in the agricultural output. Many types of crops grow near cities and can easily feed the local populations. Nevertheless, some trade exists along rivers or long lakes, with ships carrying various loads of goods.
Well, I intend to visit their libraries and read the books there as often as I can. Thus, I hope to get soon a clear idea of how this society works. But now it’s time to move on. I put the books back on the shelves and proceed to my next objective: the river that flows through the middle of the city, dividing it almost symmetrically in half. I arrive there after about ten minutes of walking along an almost deserted alley.
The waters of Lor are kept in check by numerous dikes and have an unusual pale-gray color. In the low gravity of Nosyon, the river flows much slower than on Earth, looking pretty much like a long lake. An extensive park with trees similar to eucalyptuses covers both banks. The same low gravity makes their trunks thinner and taller than on Earth or Esyon.
Farther away, ivory towers more than four hundred feet tall are soaring above the canopy, marking the boundaries between quarters. A long time ago, these structures were used to protect the city from potential invaders. Who wanted to invade Clodell back then? It seems nobody has this information anymore, or it’s rather difficult to find, anyway. Also, these towers look similar to the ones from Gold City, except for their tremendous height.
I glimpse fish swimming in the stream, apparently easy to catch by anyone with the right tools. For a few minutes, I lie down on the soft grass and gaze at the sky. Its color is dark green near the horizon and dark red above, where the sun is shining right now. A few fluffy clouds float near the southern edge. They move away slowly, pushed by a gentle wind.
The sun’s position suggests it’s already noon. My watch has almost caught up with the local time, confirming my supposition that the days on Nosyon are longer. Many fancy restaurants are open in this part of the city, but their food is not free. I have no crystal money, so I can’t eat lunch in any of them.
Thinking about the dinner at the Green Dome, I try to suppress my stomach’s discontent and proceed to the Art Museum, arriving in front of its entrance after about fifteen minutes of flying. This building is a massive cube made of yellow marble, displaying a facade decorated with floral patterns. There is no entrance fee, so I immediately walk in, curious to see the exhibited masterpieces.
I spend the whole afternoon admiring sculptures and paintings similar to those from my world. Most of them display a style close to the Italian Renaissance. When I get tired, I return to my room and rest in bed for one hour until the canteen downstairs opens for dinner.
After the evening meal, I ask the clerk from the reception desk about work opportunities in Clodell. She gives me today’s list of openings, printed with fancy green letters on both sides of a small sheet of paper. I skim through the offers and see nothing appropriate for my skills. Most of them imply being a clerk or salesman. But wait! Just at the very end, I discover a job on a fishing boat. I suppose I can try my chances there tomorrow before leaving for Nivit’s place the day after.
♣
August 22 — I spend the whole day on a fishing vessel, floating downstream of Clodell along Lor, throwing nets in and out of the water for a payment of twenty crystals. The low gravity from this world tends to make a ship less stable and less maneuverable. To compensate for these issues, the hull has a more angular shape that sinks deeper into the water, with a significant amount of ballast added at the bottom.
The boundary between air and water is fuzzier than on Earth, making the fish behave differently. They often jump dozens of feet above the river, sometimes snatching fruits or insects from lower tree branches and landing on the tall grass that grows along the banks. Then, with a strong push from their tail, they return to the water a few moments later. On the same note, some birds frequently dive close to the bottom of the stream to catch fish or small crustaceans.
In the evening, I return to the Census Bureau, where Duval gives me the good news: Nivit arrived sixteen days ago in Verin, a smaller city in the north. She was given a room in the Guest House and still lives there. Unfortunately, there is no information about Robert. Nor about the arrival of any other member of my crew. I suppose I should be grateful the people from Nosyon are very discrete. Although my arrival has generated quite a commotion in Clodell and other cities, the locals tend to leave me alone, respecting my privacy.
Maybe someone from my crew who died in the Gold City battle came here and passed undetected using a fake name and place of birth? However, none of them could speak the local language, so this is not a feasible scenario. Unless they somehow avoided going into any populated area and ended up in an isolated place like the one where the Lady in Green has built her castle. I’ll never know for sure what happened to them. Until new information surfaces about this issue, I’ll assume I am the only one from my world currently living here.
I thank Duval, return to the Green Dome, and retreat to my room soon after dinner. I need a good rest before the journey that awaits me. Verin is about one hundred and twenty miles away, so It’s going to take me about six or seven hours to get there. To reach my destination, I shall have to rely on my wings and my feet.
The people in Nosyon rely only on themselves to travel. They only visit places located in populated areas. It’s almost unheard of someone to go on a long journey in uninhabited regions. The burden of heavy luggage consisting of food provisions and other necessary items would prevent anyone from generating enough lift to fly. Using animals for riding or flying is not an option, for they have no horses or other burden beasts here.
For a long journey, only a dragon would be strong enough to carry a person in flight. But do they exist in Nosyon, too? I haven’t asked Duval about them, nor have I spent enough time in the library to find accounts mentioning these creatures.
One can reach in a single day any of the fourteen cities situated in Clodell’s relative vicinity. In total, there are fifty-two urban centers in Nosyon. Their distribution is such that one can travel between the neighboring ones in less than twelve hours, with meal and board provided for free at the destination. For longer trips, a flier would have to spend the nights in the cities along the way.
The cities are independent administrative units led by democratically elected councils. This world doesn’t have a central authority. People live scattered on a single continental platform almost evenly spread between the two hemispheres and can freely travel wherever they want. Farther away from the fifty-two large communities, the land is uninhabited. No one is known to have ever explored it.
As my friends from Eldor, the Nosyonians are spiritual but not dogmatic. They try to stay balanced through a simple life while preparing for their return to Esyon. Nosyon doesn’t have priests or churches, although there are people who meet periodically for group prayers. Arts are widely practiced and highly regarded by most of the population. Every city has at least one museum that exhibits numerous paintings and sculptures. Theatre plays are staged several times a week in large halls or open-air arenas.
In the inhabited part of Nosyon, the climate is mild throughout the year. Snow is a common occurrence only on the tallest peaks. It sometimes falls on the plains of the far north or south, but not in the cities. The planet’s axis is tilted by about fifteen degrees. Thus, the seasons are less pronounced than on Earth or Esyon. Due to the low gravity, I already knew from the first day that this world is smaller than Earth. Apparently, some scientists have already calculated its diameter to be 2435 miles. This makes it only about 31% of Earth’s size.
In autumn, the red leaves of the trees turn blue before falling off as the days become shorter and slightly colder. Seasonal animal and bird migrations pass close to some urban areas at about the same time of the year. When they take place, the locals hold festivals to celebrate them. Most of their animals and birds from Nosyon do not have counterparts on Earth, but I do not have the time and resources to describe them in detail here.
No sea or ocean exists near the populated places. However, Nosyon has many rivers and lakes scattered over its mountainous landscape. Also, there are no villages. People dwell exclusively in urban centers. Those who choose to live alone in an uninhabited area are extremely rare, and almost no one ever visits them. The dwellers of this world strongly believe that a life with many social interactions can help them return faster to Esyon in human form.
Nosyon is a realm without much history. Or, better said, its recorded history describes only the recent times. You have no problem finding accounts of events from the past two hundred and fifty terrestrial years. However, any accurate information about what happened earlier is missing. It seems the libraries avoid keeping records of events beyond two and a half centuries. The network of cities and this society have been in place “forever.”
Despite people’s long lifespans and the variety of their occupations, this place has stayed pretty much unchanged for centuries. The Nosyonians have a comfortable life and prefer the routine to innovation when this concerns science and technology.
When I check the time the evening, I conclude that their day is about one hour longer than on Earth. If I want to have a more precise measurement of the local time, I may need to adjust the speed of my watch. Also, for every twenty-four days spent here, I shall have to insert an additional one in my calendar.
♣
August 23 — I buy a leather bag for the price of five crystals and fill it with a few fruits, a smoked fish, and a loaf of bread. I’m not worried about thirst during my trip, for I expect to find many springs or brooks along the way. Carrying all my meager possessions, I leave the Green Dome for a new home in Verin.
I pay a final courtesy visit to Duval. Before I leave his office, I promise to inform him about my new address and exchange letters with him regularly. There is a postal service in Nosyon, where they deliver message scrolls by flying couriers. The service cost is two crystals per letter for the neighboring cities, rising to six for the farthest destinations. Shorter messages can be sent faster at night using the network of towers. However, they are quite expensive, hence unsuited for personal use.
With the provisions bag strapped to my belt and rising with the thermals, I take a last look from the air at Clodell. Then I let my gaze embrace the River Lor, the crop parcels from the hillsides, and the few communication towers marking the horizon. I have also bought for one crystal a foldable map that will guide me to my destination. Far away from me, several people fly towards other cities. Nobody seems to be going towards Verin right now, so I’ll have no companion during my trip. A few minutes later, I’m leaving the city behind, flying north.
From a height of about five thousand feet, the land features are easily recognizable in shades of red and orange. I find it relatively easy to maintain my line of flight. I follow north along a narrow valley edged on both sides by snowy mountain ridges. The weather is good, and the sky is almost serene. I can only see a few scattered clouds to the west, drifting through the air a little higher than me.
The lack of wind or turbulence makes my trip easy and comfortable. I mostly glide, only having to flap my wings a few times every ten seconds or so. Around noon, I take a break on a mountain slope near a spring with crystalline water, where I quench my thirst and have lunch. Thirty minutes later, I’m back in the air.
In the early afternoon, I glimpse ahead a white shape crossing the sky. It’s probably seventy feet long and flies much higher. Could that be a dragon, like those I saw above the sea near the shores of Esyon in the other reality/dream? The shape glides through the air at high speed and soon disappears beyond the mountain peaks. Definitely, a dragon!
Seeing dragons both in Esyon and Nosyon makes me wonder if they don’t often cross from one world to another without having to suffer any metamorphosis. Who knows, maybe someday I shall find a way to do the same thing myself.
Two hours later, I spot the hexagonal towers of Verin, as drawn in the illustrations seen two days ago in a book from the Glass Library. Unlike Clodell, an urban center where over twenty thousand people live, Verin has only about seven thousand inhabitants.
The city hall is easy to spot, for the gray building with a domed roof is located right in the middle of the municipality. An ample park of red trees shaped like a flower with five petals surrounds it. Here, the granite has replaced the marble, giving this place a more rustic, fortress-like appearance.
In the lobby, I produce my identification crystal and ask about Nivit. The female clerk fumbles inside a thick folder for a while and confirms that she is still staying at the Guest House. I shall have to ask about the room number at the reception desk there. With my heart pounding, I thank the woman and take off for the place where my love lives now.
♣
I arrive at the Guest House at around four in the afternoon and enter a circular lobby decorated with bas-reliefs displaying mountain landscapes. The building is made of whinstone in the shape of an elongated tower. It has twenty floors, a red roof, and a height of over two hundred feet. Like most constructions from Nosyon, the Guest House displays many external platforms mounted on its walls, clearly designed for a population of flying people.
The clerk from the reception desk listens to my request and informs me that her room number is 2005, on the highest floor. She adds:
“However, at the moment, Nivit is not in the building. She started working at a local hospital as a nurse soon after her arrival. Usually, she comes back home soon after sunset. Would you like to leave a note for her?”
“I should certainly appreciate it if you could help me with that,” I say.
The clerk gives me a sheet of paper. I write a few lines in both the local tongue and my native language. I let Nivit know how I have succeeded to cross over and that I shall come back later.
There is nothing else to do at the moment. Looking for my love at the hospital would hinder her from work. Waiting for her at the entrance of the Guest House doesn’t feel right, either. If I’m away, she can read the note and can wait for me in her room. So, for now, I shall take a walk or fly around the town, calm down my emotions, and set my thoughts in order.
♣
It’s already dark when I stand in front of room 2005 and knock lightly on the door. It opens almost instantly, and Nivit jumps in my arms. She’s unchanged, only slightly leaner, as expected after a few weeks of living in Nosyon. We hug for what seems like an eternity. Then, holding hands tightly, we step into her room. Finally, we are together again, and nothing else matters.
For long hours we tell each other our adventures until sleep defeats us. Still, despite being so happy to see me again, Nivit seems a bit disappointed that I’m now a citizen of Nosyon. Nevertheless, she tries not to show it.
Her story is shorter than mine. After crossing over, she wanted to see me one last time and tried to enter the cave again. Of course, the passage was gone, and all Nivit could do was push in vain against solid rock. Unlike me, she needed only a few minutes to learn how to lift her body into the air. Then, instead of going along the valley, Nivit decided to fly over the mountain to the north. She was hoping to find a different gallery that would help her temporarily return to Esyon. Unfortunately, nothing like this was visible from above.
As soon as she passed the peak, she spotted ahead something that looked like a tall pillar and decided to fly that way. It was a communication tower. The person there directed her farther north, towards the nearest city. Three hours later, Nivit could see the buildings of Verin shining brightly near the horizon. She decided to go and settle there for the time being.
Nivit’s journey north took about four hours. They gave her this room inside the Guest House for as long as she wanted to live here. Two days later, Nivit was already working as a nurse at the local hospital, taking advantage of her excellent medical qualifications. If she planned to stay longer, they intended to promote her to a full-fledged physician.
I ask Nivit if she got in touch with any members of her family who now live in Nosyon. She says she has searched for her mother through the long-distance communication system between cities. However, they could not find her in any database.
“What about grandparents or other relatives?” I insist.
“My parents came to Eldor from downriver. They never told me about their former living place or their family connections. I don’t know the name of my grandparents. Of course, I have inquired about a few people from Eldor who have crossed over in the past, sent them letters, and they replied in kind. They all live in remote cities, so we haven’t met so far. I’m still unsure if I want to stay in Verin or move somewhere else. Now it doesn’t matter anymore. As long as you’re with me, Alberto, I’m happy to live anywhere.”
♣
August 24 — A sunny morning welcomes us. We both jump out of bed at the same time, bathed in the warm golden-red light of the dawn. Nivit will soon go to work. In the meantime, I plan to look for something useful to do myself. Housing, breakfast, and dinner are free here, too, but I shall have to pay with crystals for other things. We have a light meal downstairs, then return to room 2005.
“What kind of health issues do you treat in the hospital?” I ask her.
“As you may already know, our new bodies have a high ability to regenerate. A deep cut on the skin would heal in a few hours. Bones are difficult to break, yet, if this still happens, they can be easily put together and will fuse back in a week or so. The wings are sensitive to moonlight burns. Still, it’s not difficult to stay protected by covering them and avoiding long flights when the moon is up at night and the sky is clear. Curiously, the moon has no effects on the wings during the day.”
She continues:
“Nonetheless, this world, as nice as it seems at first glance, is tortured by its limitations. This society hasn’t changed for millennia, despite the much younger age of the public archives. During their long lives, some people are overpowered by boredom and begin suffering from depression. Because depression and melancholy decrease their vital energy and affect their chance to return to Esyon in human form, those who get sick come immediately to us for treatment. Most of the hospital’s patients are this type of people.”
“That’s interesting. And a bit unsettling,” I reply, frowning and scratching my chin.
“The good thing is that our treatments are quite effective,” Nivit replies. “We make them drink extracts of purple lilies that grow on mountain peaks, and most sick recover in a few weeks. However, occasionally some people don’t respond to the treatment, and die within a few months.”
We look at each other in silence. Time seems to slow down, heavy and unsettling. I immediately try to improve the mood by forcing a laugh and saying: “With you by my side, I doubt I could ever become bored or depressed. And neither could you.”
She smiles and says nothing more. It’s time to start her work shift at the hospital. With a last hug and kiss, Nivit steps out through the window and soars in the air.
♣
This time, I want a job where I can put my abilities to better use. Thus, I resolve to go to the main library and see if I could start teaching the locals about Earth. One of the lecture halls would probably be adequate as a classroom, for most such places are used in Nosyon as schools and universities.
Children are rare in this realm. Those who die in their youth in Esyon grow up until they reach adult age. No one is born here. Unlike the men and women from Earth, the people from the Island can’t really die. They simply move to the next stage of their existence along an infinite loop, with a complete memory erasure at the end of every cycle. I wonder if this is not a death in itself. How can you pretend you had a previous life when you have no memory of it whatsoever?
At least I expect to return to the Creator when my life ends. I don’t know what will happen then, but I’m confident He knows what’s best for me and any other human being from my planet. Maybe the Universe doesn’t exist in the proper sense, for it is only His creation, but the place where we hope to go after death has to be the celestial city where God resides.
And suddenly, I can’t refrain from feeling a deep pity for these people. Immortality comes at a high cost, indeed. What is His plan for the men and women from Esyon and Nosyon? For the people who have ended their life cycle in Esyon, this realm leads nowhere. It is more like a purgatory with a flavor of paradise. And sometimes of hell.
Nonetheless, I’m part of this world for the time being, even though I came here in a different way. Am I really going to return to the Creator when I disappear from this realm? Perhaps I have already become one of them, forever caught in this circle of metamorphoses. I suddenly freeze at this thought, and a cold sweat begins to pour along my forehead.
I press my palms to my chest, trying to slow down my heartbeats. I keep taking deep breaths until I calm down. No matter what, I shall not give up my hopes of returning to my world. However, I need to better understand this realm before I attempt to escape from it. I really hope that when I die, I shall wake up in heaven instead of starting a new life cycle on Esyon. And then, what’s going to happen to Nivit?
I walk to the open window and look at the dark sky. I feel like a butterfly caught inside a crystal globe, pushing in vain against the invisible surrounding barrier. I want out of here!
“What’s going to happen to Nivit?” I shout in my native language. “Answer me! Please, God, answer me! Please!”
But all I hear is the light whisper of the wind, carrying my words over the city until they fade away.
♣
The library from Verin looks like a hexagonal prism. On top, a spacious dome with many circular windows serves as a lecture hall. I talk to a few people who work there, and they advise me to write a book about Earth instead of teaching a course about it. I shall receive five crystals for each written page if the quality is deemed satisfactory. Once a week, I can deliver what I have written and receive the payment.
The contract is not bad, and I accept it gladly. The librarians also advise me to visit the publisher of the most influential local newspaper. He might be interested in starting a new weekly column about Earth if I agree to write it.
I leave the library and walk the five hundred yards to the local newspaper building. I’ve just realized I prefer walking to flying if the distance is not long. Now I can easily keep my balance in the low gravity, almost like on my planet or Esyon.
The suggestion from the librarians proves quite helpful. The publisher is glad to hire me and is going to pay twenty-five crystals per article. Now I have two jobs that could be sufficient to make my life in Nosyon free of worries. I spend two crystals to buy a pen, paper, and ink. Then I return to the Guest House and transcribe my thoughts in phrases and paragraphs until sunset when Nivit comes back and finds me immersed in my new work.
♣
Undated — The days pass with constant speed and with few notable events. A week after my arrival to Verin, Nivit and I moved into a cozy house surrounded by a garden full of trees. Our new home is located near a small river named Yan that flows along the northern city edge.
I have adjusted my pocket watch to match the day length here, and now I use a twenty-four-hour count for the longer days of this world. Nivit told me that the locals use crystals to measure time. Their devices periodically change color and are precise enough to measure quarters of an hour, but not minutes. Their day has twenty hours, each divided into four quarters. For more precise time measurements, some of their engineers use mechanical devices based on pendulum oscillations.
Sometimes I wonder why we have chosen to stay in this city and didn’t move to Clodell or somewhere else. I suppose I should blame my intuition for it. There is something peculiar, something hard to describe related to this place. I get the feeling that a gate through which we could escape as ourselves is somewhere near.
We continue to work for crystals but prefer to spend most of our free time at home, just the two of us. Nivit often talks to me in my language and already does it without any trace of a foreign accent. This type of communication has become the perfect tool to prevent others from understanding our dialogues in public places.
We have decided to learn more about this world and get a deeper understanding of its purpose. Almost every day, we look for ways to escape from here as ourselves. That is, without having our memories erased and without being reborn in Esyon. Overall, this realm is pretty decent for an afterlife. But for Esyon and Earth, we are as dead as we can be. And sometimes, I have this uncomfortable feeling of living in a dream.
I often spend long hours in the main library from the city, browsing books that pretend to describe Nosyon in detail. To my surprise, I’ve found very little information that could fuel our escape plan. Twice a month, usually accompanied by Nivit, I visit Duval in Clodell. We stay for one night or two in the Green Dome and spend the daytime talking to him or exploring the city libraries. Duval does his best to be helpful. However, so far, he couldn’t provide any answers to our most important questions.
Traveling to other cities and checking their libraries wasn’t that useful until now, either. Both Nivit and I do such trips periodically, trying to learn as much as we can about this planet. All city libraries have novels and poetry, general geographical information on both Esyon and Nosyon, and books about crafts, agriculture, architecture, engineering, medicine, and some basic science. There is not much history about any of these two worlds, and it only covers recent times.
Esyon itself proved to be not an island but a continent about the size of Europe, surrounded by water and placed at temperate latitude. Several cities are placed here and there on or near the coast, but it seems the inland area is mostly uninhabited. And what lies beyond the ocean, nobody seems to know.
On the red-green sky from this realm, slightly north of Verin, the clouds sometimes align into a strange spiral formation. The spiral’s center, when visible, is always located in the same place above the ground. It seems one can occasionally witness similar phenomena above other sites, even more to the north.
Some books describe this aerial structure, and many people are familiar with it. These unusual regions are situated way too high for the wings of the Nosyonians, and nobody could ever observe them from a close distance. Perhaps that’s why the locals call them “eyes in the sky.”
At night, a large spiral nebula shines high above. It covers a significant part of the celestial sphere. Its angular diameter is close to twenty degrees or roughly forty times the apparent size of the Sun or Moon from Earth.
Almost nobody flies at night when the local moon rises and the sky is clear. Most people who venture outside wear protective mantles for their wings and prefer to walk. Checking the local moon’s diameter, I could confirm that it is about as big as the sun in Esyon in the same way the sun here is pretty much as big as the moon in there.
Why would this moon cause sunburns to our wings? Perhaps because it is, in fact, the sun from Esyon? This cannot be true, for its orbital motion is different. But its apparent diameter is, indeed, the same. And the same goes for the red sun. Are our new bodies so sensitive to moonlight? And why only at night? Then, is Nosyon real, or is it only a dream, an illusion for the people who cannot be counted among the living anymore? And how can we define “real”? Actually, how different is this place from how we perceive it to be?
Sometimes I wonder why we use these crystal cubes as identification. How do the devices from the administrative offices read them? I got mine from Duval while Nivit got hers from a clerk in Verin. Duval couldn’t or maybe didn’t want to give me a clear explanation on this topic. Perhaps the crystals amplify our vital energy and help us cross over when our time comes? I suppose keeping them near our bodies charges them somehow with the information coming from our unique energy aura.
Hopefully, I shall soon find an answer to this question. I have compared my crystal with the one belonging to Nivit, and we saw no external difference between them. Still, somehow, I “feel” which one is mine and the same goes for her.
Besides, we don’t know where our identification crystals come from. We don’t know the source of the money-crystals, either. Nor are we familiar with the origin of those used to light the buildings at night or as clocks. Are all these crystals mined somewhere, in a secret location? And by whom? Nobody seems to know anything about their provenience. I feel as the whole population of Nosyon had their memories selectively altered.
There is a festival in Verin almost every week. People celebrate most of these events with music, dancing, and elegantly choreographed group flights in the air, in some cases three to six thousand feet above the ground. These flights always look spectacular and can last for hours.
An occurrence of great importance for Verin is the annual migration of the lizard fish. At the beginning of autumn, these creatures return to the source of the River Yan, preparing to mate and ready to start a new cycle of their lives. People enjoy following them in sounds of drum beats, slowly walking along the banks forested by trees with thick trunks and blue leaves. There are many other ceremonies. They include the New Year, Spring and Winter Equinox Day, Spring and Winter Solstice Day, the Harvest Day, the Cross-Over day, and so on.
Nivit and I took part in some of these festivals and made new acquaintances. Maybe life here is not so bad, in the end. However, we would like to get back to Esyon soon, and a better understanding of Nosyon is the first step in finding a way out of here. We already know: it may take a long time to escape from this realm if we want to succeed without turning into inferior creatures. On the other hand, the “natural” return to Esyon, many years from now and with a complete memory erasure, is not what we hope for.
Nosyon’s year is even shorter than Esyon’s. It has only 251 Nosyonian days. That means their planet is even closer to their sun, which is a bit colder, despite its ample apparent diameter. Because their day is longer than a terrestrial day by about 1.2 hours, this makes their year 263.5 Earth days long. If I want to use the Earth’s calendar for my log, I should have to add one day for every twenty days spent here (and not twenty-four, as I initially thought). Their moon is farther away and orbits the planet in thirty-nine local days.
To fit the numbers described above in a calendar, the Nosyonians divided their year into six months. The first five are forty-two days long, and the last is forty-one. Each month is divided into six periods of seven days, with the basic unit named tagsepo (meaning seven days and pronounced “tag-sep-oh”) or semajno (meaning week and pronounced “sayh-my-noh”). Every five years, they add one more day to the calendar. Other corrections, coming from more complex calculations, add another day every fifty-nine or sixty years. Same as on Esyon, the days and months have no proper names.
I have to admit — I’m a bit intrigued that the locals use seven-day units inside the month, as the weeks on Earth. They could have used ten-day blocks instead, with a better fit for the moon period. So far, I have found no explanation for their choice.
Their moon has a slightly blue color, like the moon from Esyon, and its apparent size is as big as that of the sun from Esyon. A naked eye can distinguish two large bright spots in the northern and southern hemispheres, with the rest of the disk darker and with no visible features. Could those two spots be continents? I might have to build a telescope If I want to find out.
Another thing that puzzles me is their sun. You know, a hotter fire is not just brighter, but its color is closer to white. I think the stars have to be the same. That means a red sun should be rather cold compared to a yellow sun. And not only colder but also much smaller and lighter. Thus, the year of Nosyon should be much shorter than on Earth, something like a month or two long. Yet, somehow this pale sun is hotter than it should be, making the climate on Nosyon comfortable even at this distance.
In any case, this log is not appropriate to get into extreme detail about this realm. I have plenty of separate notes about what I have seen here or read in the libraries, and I shall use them someday for a detailed book about these worlds.
As I have written before, Nosyon’s archives don’t go much back in time, although the current year count of this realm is 7546. I can’t find out what events took place more than two hundred and fifty years ago. Sometimes I stumble upon stories that supposedly date back five hundred years or more. Yet, no specific information about social life and technology from that time is ever available in the text. Thus, these stories are closer to fairy tales. Nosyon seems to be a realm entirely frozen in time, a place that never really changes, except for the people who come and go, like clouds.
There are no old men or women in this world, either. Someone crossing over from Esyon at an advanced age will gradually become younger, reflecting the life energy increase specific to Nosyon. When the time to cross back arrives, that person will look like someone around twenty-five terrestrial years.
Once I asked Nivit if she ever dreams about living in Eldor in another existence, where she hasn’t met me. To my surprise, she replied that she only remembers this reality. Am I the only person with two parallel lives? Probably not, but I might be the only one who recalls them both. Yet, my other existence has been dormant for a long, long time. Perhaps this is the only reality left for me, too.
omicron

 

Do butterflies dream? If they do, where are their minds wandering during their metamorphosis? These butterflies who have not fully become butterflies, what thoughts haunt their minds, what do they feel when time dissolves into stillness? What if the dream doesn’t exist? What if there is no present, past, or future butterfly at all?
My eyes are slowly opening, and I see above me the dark ceiling of a cave. For how long have I been lying here on my back? What day is today? What time is it?
I don’t know the answers to any of these questions. My mind is foggy. Inside it, my thoughts are swarming like a hive full of bees. There are too many questions, too few answers, and I feel cold.
I get into a sitting position and fumble through my log. The most recent notes seem to be from just before leaving Esyon, even though I remember spending a long time in Nosyon after that. I have crossed into the other world on August 20. However, this event only seems to exist in my memories, for I find nothing written about it. Of course there is nothing written about it, or I’d be in Nosyon right now.
The date from my latest notes is August 6. So, is it August 7 now? Or is it August 20? Or maybe even a later day? I reach for my face and find a short beard covering my cheeks. Yet, I haven’t shaved from before the start of the blizzard. It’s been more than three weeks since then, so this is not a good indicator of the time spent here. And in case I did meditate for thirteen days, perhaps my metabolism has slowed down considerably, and my beard hasn’t grown much anyway. It’s hard to say whether I have lived in this cave twenty or thirty-three days.
Now I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming about being a butterfly or whether now I am a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
Yet, between a human being and a butterfly, there has to be a difference.
If the butterfly is gone, only the man remains. Here, alone in the mountain cave, I lie in a state of confusion, unsure what to do next. I see the white cocoon left by Nivit hanging from the cave wall. A little farther from it, another one is glistening in the half-darkness. Is this mine? However, I’m here, in Esyon. So, if the second cocoon isn’t mine, then who went through the metamorphosis? And if it is mine and I have crossed over, why am I here?
A third reality/dream seems to have opened in front of my eyes. My existence is already going along too many paths. I want to end this madness! I want to wake up! Instead, I’m forced to drift from one life to another.
Oh, God, please stop it! I try to pray, but prayer doesn’t give me any quick resolve. I attempt to meditate, but meditation doesn’t expand my mind anymore. Running, jumping, or screaming will not help me reveal what’s real and what isn’t, either.
Two almost identical bags lie in the cave. Everything I remember taking place on August 20 seems to have happened for real. Then, this means today’s date is August 21? Or maybe even a much later date? The strangest thing is that I have crossed to the other side fully dressed and with all my small possessions inside my pockets, including my clothes, my log, my watch, and the little folding knife. Yet, I also have all of them with me now and here. On top of that, I don’t recall returning from Nosyon.
I come close to the wall and touch the cocoons. The silky material has become brittle. It turns to dust when I try to tear a piece from it. I kneel on the ground and check the backpacks — they still have some food supplies inside. The relatively low temperature has kept the rations in good condition.
I grab a frugal meal from what’s available. Then I put everything that could be of use, including the tent, into a single piece of luggage and turn towards the exit.
It’s a beautiful morning outside. And I’m here, lost in the mountains and alone with my pain. A deep, dark, burning pain that is tearing my soul apart. However, there is a faint hope beyond it, glimmering inside the depths of this viscous twilight from my mind.
As long as there is some hope left, I can keep going. I shall keep going.
♣
My initial plan hasn’t changed. I have to reach Excelsior and tell the captain about my tribulations in all my three existences. My intuition suggests that if I can get back among my people, all the realities/dreams will fuse, and I shall be allowed to live once more like any other human. Then I can finally look for a way to be with Nivit again. Well, in one reality, I’m already with her but stuck on the other side of the mirror. I just hope that when this madness ends I can be with Nivit on Esyon and Earth.
In this life, I got separated from my crew on June 13. However, there is another life where a similar event happened on June 19. And in another one, I have crossed into Nosyon on August 20, living there for many weeks, perhaps several months already. Time doesn’t even seem to flow at the same speed in these three realities. I am already a prisoner inside the other two existences. But in this one, I can move around freely and have a chance to return to my crew.
There is nothing else to do but go back to my ship as fast as possible. After reaching Excelsior, I plan to travel back to Eldor and tell Eori about what has happened in the mountains. That is if I can still find the vessel near Gold City’s shores after so many days. In this reality, Nivit is in Nosyon, but I can try again to cross over. It seems I have already succeeded once. Yet, another “I” already lives there right now. So, what is going to happen if I travel once more into the other realm? Shall I meet myself in Nosyon? And what if my other self who lives there will prevent me from crossing over for a second time? My future looks very hazy in each of these existences, indeed.
In any case, if I have crossed into Nosyon, I shall wake up again into that reality/dream sooner or later. Then, it’s better to keep my current existence as a spare, a life/dream where I am still free to go anywhere I want.
Then what about the existence where I’m a prisoner of the underground maze? In that world, Nivit must live a peaceful life in Eldor, and she doesn’t even know of my existence. If I wake up into that reality again and find a way to escape from the caves, I shall look for her in the village, too.
With these thoughts, I leave the shelter of stone behind me. I wave a farewell to the cave and get onto the narrow path that leads to the sea. A chapter from my journey ends here. Another one waits for me ahead.
The weather is good, and I’m making rapid progress. The pass gives soon way to an exposed narrow path climbing a rocky slope. I step up my pace and reach the mountain peak in about two hours. The air is thin, and any physical strain makes me quickly tired. It’s also cold. When I breathe deeply, I can feel it stinging my lungs. However, it’s nowhere near as bad as during the snowstorm. This time, my clothes are thick enough to protect my body from freezing.
This place is at a high elevation, maybe close to ten thousand feet above sea level. Ridges after ridges with peaks covered in snow are lining up behind me. Far away ahead, I can finally see the ocean. Yet, there is something about this ocean that looks alien and quite unsettling. The water has a deep gray color and reflects a violet sky. And the liquid expanse it’s not located south of my current position, as expected, but east.
I stop and try to gaze at the sun. Does it look similar to the one I knew on Esyon? Perhaps it is a bit brighter and smaller? I stretch my hand and use the tip of my little finger to check its angular diameter. Unfortunately, the light is blinding. I don’t have a darkened glass, and even though I use my handkerchief as a protective screen, it’s impossible to see the bright disc clearly through the coarse fabric.
It’s probably the same sun. I might be too paranoid in thinking its diameter is slightly smaller. Yet, I can’t tell for sure if I’m right. I’m scared. My legs are shaking from fear of being lost again. I need to sit on a flat boulder for a while to regain my composure. Somehow I sense that this is not the right ocean, not “my” ocean. I take a lunch break and start thinking in earnest about what to do next.
Turning back to Eldor would most likely take two or three weeks. Then again, I would need at least a couple more weeks to reach Gold City, and only if I can avoid going against the powerful river stream. Supposing I manage somehow to get to the city on that route, things should become a bit easier. Now I speak the natives’ language well and, with an appropriate dressing, could probably pass for a local and enter the urban center without raising any suspicion. Unfortunately, all this is only wishful thinking.
Why didn’t I try this route from the start? Well, maybe because it is impossible? Of course, from here, it certainly looks better than my current path. But this is an illusion. An illusion I should not allow to creep inside my mind. Am I getting insane?
The most difficult challenge by far remains the return trip to Eldor. The gallery I’ve used to cross the ridges got clogged with boulders near the entrance, and I won’t be able to pass through it. Climbing the peaks is going to be dangerous and will take a long time. I suppose I could get some food provisions and even some vines to use as ropes from the mountain oasis, provided I can FIND it on my way back.
After everything that happened recently, I must take Nivit’s warning seriously. And I am not sure I have enough food to keep me going until I reach it. In addition to all these problems, there is no guarantee that another snowstorm won’t catch me on my return trip.
There are too many risks involved. It’s impossible to reach the village in a week, even if I somehow manage to solve the food problem. On the other hand, I could arrive at the ocean by tomorrow afternoon and see from close if it is as different from what I expected as it seems from here.
I must have overreacted a little earlier. It has to be the same ocean, and I certainly am in Esyon. If things are not how they should be, I still can go back to Eldor along the path that led me here, with only a few days of delay, but perhaps with enough food supplies gathered on the shore. And in this situation, I won’t starve if I can’t find the oasis on my return trip. With this thought, I begin my descent along the rocky slopes.
♣
The sun is setting behind the uneven horizon. I’m looking for a night shelter. High in the sky, reflecting in the last red rays, a snake-like creature moves above the endless expanse of water. It’s a dragon. White birds glide in flocks towards the land at a lower elevation, looking for a place to rest until morning. One of them comes closer and makes a few circles around me. It looks like a seagull from Earth but slightly larger and with a blue tint on its feathers.
I soon find a platform protected from the wind by a rock and decide to set up my tent on it. A stream with clear water flows nearby. There is no wood for a fire, no local source of food, either. However, my rations should still keep me going for another two days if I eat sparingly. After a frugal dinner, I enter my canvas shelter and meditate for about half an hour.
One’s expanded senses tell one that this is neither Esyon nor Nosyon, but a different world. Apparently, at some point, one passed through an invisible door and crossed into a different world. Perhaps this happened right inside the first gallery when Eori and Ron were still with one and Nivit. And with the gallery blocked, one could now be a prisoner of this new realm.
No, this can’t be true. During meditation, this entity that wasn’t an “I” anymore felt the planet rotating around its sun. There was no difference in perception. Assuming, however, that this body has left Esyon, the crossing could have also happened after the snowstorm. Perhaps somewhere on the path leading to the ocean.
Or maybe the new awakening sent this body, the cave, and the mountains into a different realm. Who knows, perhaps the crossing over into Nosyon did it. Retracing one’s steps brings no guarantee of getting back into Esyon. Yet, there must be a way out. One feels the existence of a door. There is a gateway near the shore. One only needs to find it.
Slowly, I come back to this realm of illusions. I think about my new situation for a long time until I finally sink into the world of dreams.
Soon after falling asleep, I wake up hearing voices near my tent. Surprised, I take my light globe and go outside to meet my visitors. Yet, all I can see is a flock of birds resting behind the rock that protects them from the cold wind.
The birds imitate people’s talk well. Their accent and pronunciation are accurate. But the words make no sense, for they emerge and mix randomly. Nevertheless, the use of Eldorian language suggests these birds have heard them from somebody who might have walked along the same path as me, perhaps recently. In this case, other people must be living on the shore, maybe not so far away from here. I’m not alone! I might meet other human beings and get help by tomorrow evening. With this thought, I return to my shelter in a better mood. Soon, I slide again into the world of dreams with my tired lungs pumping in and out the high-altitude air.
A whispering voice pours into my ears. It seems to describe something, but I can’t understand a single word. The voice is familiar. It belongs to Nivit. When I open my eyes, I find her lying down next to me, inside the tent. I open my mouth to ask her how she came back. Before I have the chance to utter a word, her body quickly turns into a white mist and vanishes. I try to reach for her, but it’s too late. Then I open my eyes for real. It was only a dream. A painful dream.
♣
August 22 (date estimate based on my best assumptions) — I eat a meager breakfast from my dwindling food rations, then begin my long descent towards the sea. The weather continues to be good. Now the path is more comfortable to tread on. My trekking speed has almost doubled compared to yesterday.
At noon, I’m already less than two miles from the coast. I take a lunch break of about half an hour. Then I resume my journey with renewed energy. The close range of my destination almost gives me wings. One hour later, I am on a narrow beach. I sit down on the white sand, looking at the gray waves crashing onto it. The weather is pleasant, the air is warm, I won’t need my overcoat from the bear skin in this place, so I fold it up and put it in my backpack.
The sky still has a violet tint above, but its overall color is blue-green. I begin to feel a little better: the environment here is not so different from Esyon. Despite what I felt during my recent meditation session, maybe I’m still in the same world, after all. I only need to wait a bit longer. When I see the moon, I shall know for sure.
A cool breeze blows from the water. Patches of blue moss cover the cliffs close to the shore, their density gradually dwindling with height. I’m looking for a tide line but can’t see any. I shall take care of the tide line later. Right now, I need to look for a human settlement, a source of freshwater, food, and wood for building a raft. So far, none of these are within my visual range. And I didn’t notice during my descent anything suggesting a human presence in this area.
For a better view, I decide to climb a tall rock. From more than a hundred feet above sea level, I’m going to have a clear perspective of the coast in both directions. The stone surface is slippery and hard to grab when I try to pull myself up, and I need about fifteen minutes to reach the top.
The beach extends to the south on a straight line marked in some places by rocks and stones. Yet, northwards a forest is visible, only about two miles away. Many trees grow on an elongated platform, probably more than fifty feet above sea level. A high cliff prevented me from seeing that place when I descended from the mountains. Besides trees for a raft, I think I can find there freshwater and food. Perhaps even people. I’m saved!
It is already late afternoon when I finish climbing down the rock and start walking towards the forest. About half an hour later, I reach the slope that leads to the plateau with trees. Most of them strongly resemble coconut trees, so widespread on the islands from the Pacific Ocean. Some even have fruits high up, looking like coconuts. Others look like bamboo sprouts, displaying thin segmented trunks with hard, elastic wood.
A sticky substance covers the bark of most trees. Maybe this is a protective layer, similar to the resin produced by coniferous plants. Looking at the ground, I remark that a thin layer of sand covers it almost everywhere. I find no animals or insects, only glimpse a few small birds with red and blue plumage. They fly in short bursts between branches and examine me with curiosity from high up. A little farther, I discover a waterfall streaming from a cliff. Now I have wood, water, and food. All that’s still missing from the picture is a human settlement.
The forest is about one hundred and fifty feet wide and perhaps seven hundred feet long. I spend the rest of the afternoon exploring the platform, collecting firewood and coconuts, and marking the best dry trees to be cut later for a raft.
Why is this grove so high above the sea? Why can’t I see any trees lower and closer to the shore? Could it be that the tide of this ocean is almost fifty feet high here? I keep looking for a tide line but can’t find anything as clearly marked as in my world. If the tides are so high on this beach, I need to be careful where I set my camp.
Even in Gold City’s harbor, the sea level easily fluctuated by ten feet. So, why not have it even higher here? However, a fifty-foot tide would imply a moon either impressively large or one quite close to the planet. Who knows, maybe an entirely different phenomenon is the cause of the sand so high above the sea.
I decide to leave my tent packed and prepare to spend the night sleeping on the soft sand among the trees. The terrace where they grow appears to be a secure place. There is a chance that the tide even reaches this level once in a while. The dry sand makes me suspect that. However, I think it doesn’t happen too often.
I sit down among the trees, close to the edge of the platform, and stretch my hands and legs. This place feels peaceful. As I look around, I glimpse a few seagulls fishing nearby. They make plenty of noise, repeating human words in nonsensical ways. I wonder where and when they have learned them.
At dusk, I start a fire by repeatedly hitting two stones found on the beach until I get enough sparks to set alight a small heap of dried leaves and twigs gathered a bit earlier. I heat some of the remaining dried meat from my rations, eat a raw coconut, and relax while watching the dance of the flames.
Tomorrow I’m going to begin building my raft. Then, three or four days later, I shall be ready to sail along the coast. After another four or five days, I hope to see Excelsior and my crew again. Of course, I could trek along the shore, but this would take much longer on the uneven terrain. The time spent building the raft will not go to waste. With each passing hour, I get more convinced I haven’t left Esyon.
After nightfall, I look for the moon, but it doesn’t show up above the horizon. The moon’s presence would appease my remaining worries. Its size and surface features should help me know for sure if I’m still in the same world. As for the stars in the sky, they look pretty much the same. I can’t spot any differences.
This place has to be Esyon! With this thought, I pray for God’s help and a safe return to Excelsior. I make my bed at the edge of the plateau, with the bear skin spread on the soft sand that covers the ground. Soon, the fatigue takes over, and I tumble into the world of dreams.
♣
I wake up, suddenly aware of a foreign presence nearby. I try to open my eyes to look around, but my eyelids remain shut. Even so, I can feel how this entity is radiating an aura of peace and trust. Could it be an angel? I’m trying to move, but my muscles are numb, refusing to obey my commands.
Am I awake or dreaming? As soon as I ask myself this question, I regain control of my limbs, open my eyes, and rise in a sitting position. I’m surprised by my freedom of movement and immediately see my body as a separate entity, still lying down on the sand, deeply asleep.
Someone is standing in front of me, indeed. The stranger, who seems to be a man, is visible now as a beautiful humanoid shape made entirely of white light. I cannot distinguish his facial features, but I know this is the answer to my prayers because an angel has come to help me.
“Are you an angel?” I ask him directly, skipping any introduction.
“You can call me that,” he replies in a melodious voice.
“Have you come to help me return to Excelsior?” I continue, my heart full of hope.
“Yes, I am here to guide you. We had no plans to make changes in how this world is operating. But the flow of time and the laws of causality got now distorted in too many locations. It’s a positive feedback loop, a self-amplifying process that can make this whole realm unstable, cut the connection bridge to your planet, and destroy its frame of reality. You need to fuse all your existences back into a single one.”
His words reach directly into my mind, although I seem to hear them ringing in my ears, too. He seems to speak in what I got used to calling “the Eldorian language.” Yet, despite understanding the meaning of each word, their combination turns into something unintelligible for my brain. Except for the last phrase, which I fully agree with. He used “we” when speaking, so that means there have to be more angels like him that take care of this world.
“I’m sorry, I don’t quite understand what you mean,” I murmur in a low voice.
“My apologies, I had no intention to confuse you,” the Angel replies. “I shall rephrase what I have just said. The Island, how you and your people call it, is a location where another world from a place so far away that the human mind cannot comprehend connects to Earth through a tunnel. Or through a bridge, if you want. However, this bridge between the world here and yours has become recently more and more unstable. This chain of instability got amplified by the visit of your ship to this realm. It caught you up in it, too, and has already made your body live in several parallel realities.
“You perceive your different existences as fragments that follow each other in succession, but the truth is that you live in all of them at the same time. Now, if you can merge these three parallel lives back into a single one, this will restore the stability of the bridge. So, I came to tell you how to do it. To achieve this, you have to talk to the Architect. You also need to find the whirlpool. Perhaps “whirlpool” is not the best word for it, but I do not have a better one. We cannot fix the recent anomalies from this world by ourselves, and therefore we need your help and cooperation.”
“Who is the Architect?” I ask.
“Someone who keeps this world stable and who is very busy now, doing all he can to prevent it from falling apart.”
“Is he an angel, like you?”
“No, he is different, but he doesn’t have a physical presence here, either. That’s all I can tell you about him.”
“And how can I find the Architect? Why don’t you contact him yourself instead of asking me to do it?”
“The growing instabilities from this realm have separated me from the Architect and prevented any direct connection between us. However, you are in a different slice of space-time and can communicate with both him and me. Even so, my presence here is barely perceivable. That’s why I can only talk to you in your dreams. Focus your mind on finding the Architect. Try to feel his presence. Think about the meaning of his work during your meditation.”
“And the whirlpool? What is it? Am I going to discover a whirlpool somewhere in the water in each of my existences?”
“That’s right. You are going to find a whirlpool in each of your existences. Could be in the water, but it could also be in the air or on the ground. When you see it, you will recognize it.”
“Then, if I find the whirlpool, what should I do next?”
“After you have talked to the Architect, cross it. He will adjust all the gateways so that your different existences can become one again, fusing into a single reality. Excelsior and your crew will be waiting for you on the other side.”
The Angel is still there. I can feel his presence but can’t see or hear him anymore, for I have returned inside my body. I didn’t even have time to thank him, so I do it now in a loud voice. I think he’s got my message.
The sky above is full of bright stars. The evening constellations got replaced by those that shine before sunrise. Near the horizon, I see swarms of meteors leaving shiny trails behind, shaking the gentle monotony of the night. As the Angel’s presence fades away, I feel lost and alone as never before.
I can’t stop asking myself about God’s plan for this place and my part in it. I also think of Chuang Tzu’s book and the need to be in harmony with the Way. Obviously, I have to work hard to achieve that harmony and save this place from falling apart.
♣
August 23 — The sunlight drags me out of my slumber. I have a sparing breakfast and begin searching for the whirlpool. But I’m not sure what I should be paying attention to. Well, is there anything like a whirlpool on the beach, on this particular beach? I examine the coastline. Curiously, the sea level is the same as yesterday. Perhaps this world has no moon?
Maybe instead of searching for unusual things, I should build a raft and sail along the shore until I get back to my people? No, I can never reach Excelsior this way. After a night spent here, I have concluded this is not Esyon, but a different world. Or perhaps I should replenish my supplies and return to Eldor along the path that brought me to this place? But can I cross back through the tunnel where the cave-in has happened? Probably not. I would have to climb the whole mountain, and this is going to take weeks.
It’s most likely that even if I attempt to retrace my steps to the village, I might not find the crossing point on my way back. I shall never reach Eldor because I would still be trapped inside this world. The more I think about it, the more I realize that no other plan will work, except for the one suggested by the Angel. There is no alternative: I need to talk to the Architect. And for this, I’ll have to sit down and meditate.
With my senses expanded by meditation, I try to focus my mind on my target, but I have no idea where the Architect is. No one answers my inquiries. The whole morning passes like this. Then I take a break, trying to quiet down my anxieties. At noon I pace back and forth through the forest, tortured by doubts and worries.
In the early afternoon, the seagulls return to the coast and begin fishing while shouting random words. They flood the shore with a cacophony of sounds. I hear a mix of “sea,” “ocean,” “fish,” “sky,” “table,” “wood,” “coconut,” “fear,” “flight,” “sun,” “rain,” “house,” “dear,” “otherwise,” “what,” “good afternoon,” “wait,” “hurry,” “death,” “stars,” “field.” And the list continues almost without end. The memory of these birds is impressive. Maybe I could draw from their senseless flux of words the inspiration for what to do next? I decide to observe them for a while.
A seagull prepares to dive into the water, screaming: “Wire, wire!” Immediately, another one follows, crying “Water, rock, tree!” in a higher pitch. Both disappear in the waves and emerge a few yards farther, each with a fish in its beak. The scene goes on over and over again, with the words changing into: “sun,” “flight,” “rain,” “chair.” Then, a new series follows: “plant,” sky,” “cloud,” “night.” And so on, and so on.
No, their words don’t make sense. I make up my mind to spend three more days here, focusing on contacting the Architect and looking for the whirlpool. Then, if nothing happens, I shall head back to the mountains and try to return to Eldor. Perhaps I could cross again into Esyon somewhere along the way. Perhaps.
In the open sea, far away from the shore, I notice a group of six or seven whales. They are feeding or maybe just sleep above the ocean’s surface because they are not moving much. Their behavior looks unusual. Any cetaceans are supposed to spend most of their time underwater. Maybe this is a different species with different habits. It’s also possible that their source of food is close to the water surface. The presence of the whales reminds me to replenish my own food supplies.
I make a spear out of a thin but sturdy bamboo sprout by using my ax to cut the hollow staff at a narrow angle. Now I can go fishing. Then I shall cook a tasty fish meal on stones collected from the beach and heated in the fire.
After a short visual inspection, I spot farther to the north a rocky area that looks appropriate to put my new tool to the test. Unfortunately, the fish here are few and fast, so it takes a long time until I can finally get one. I’m going to try my chances again at night, with a torch. I have forgotten to wind my watch yesterday, and it has stopped running. Watching the sun disappearing beyond the tall mountain ridge and assuming it’s summer here (the nights are visibly shorter than the days), I set it at 8 o’clock.
At dusk, I can still see the long shapes of the whales near the horizon. I try to count them and conclude that the pod has nine or ten cetaceans. Redoing the count a few minutes later, I find out that their number has increased to twelve, then to fifteen. Something doesn’t make sense. The newly arrived whales appear to be floating above the water. They are also getting larger by the minute, too large even for the size of a blue whale. No, these can’t be whales.
The night is spreading out, cooling the air. Soon, the first stars begin to shine in the sky. My eyes remain fixed on the black shadows that are slowly approaching the shore. When they get closer, I realize some of them are the size of a hill, floating in the air about two hundred feet high. These are not the shapes I saw earlier near the horizon. It’s impossible to see them clearly in the dark, but they seem to be pieces of land pushed by the wind towards the coast. How can such heavy objects float like clouds? That remains a complete mystery for me.
Seated near my campfire, I watch until late how the floating islands move towards the coast. They keep advancing until they get blocked by the cliffs and rocks that mark the shore north of the forest. Southwards, where the shoreline is not that steep, they slide deeper inland, disappearing into the darkness. I’m relieved they’re not coming close to my spot. Not yet, anyway.
Rumbling noises emerge from the collision of the aerial blocks with the steep slopes and with each other. Once in a while, big stones fall on the ground. Around midnight, most of the stars disappear behind dark shadows, and I begin to hear the same noises around me. I pack up all my things as fast as I can and rush south, where the sky is clear. Being crushed to death by falling rocks is something I would like to avoid.
♣
August 24 — In the morning, a strange view appears where my camp used to be. The shore and the forest seem to be under the lid of a gigantic cave, with pieces of rock covered by grass and trees floating high above. Fallen boulders are scattered on the beach, some of them more than three feet in diameter and certainly weighing hundreds of pounds. Looking across the sky above the sea, I can say that no more floating islands are coming. I decide to walk along the cliff to the spots where it touches them. I also hope to find out what keeps these pieces of land in the air.
A circumventing route takes me high above the beach. About twenty minutes later, I arrive at the edge bordering the unusual formations. There is nothing peculiar about the rocks and soil. However, any piece separated from its island crashes immediately to the ground. Then, what is it that keeps everything high up? Perhaps a floating island must have a minimum diameter to stay in the air. Any smaller part is going to fall.
Looking more carefully, I discover that all the floating pieces have either trees or grass. Supposedly the plants generate some electricity or an unusual magnetism that can push them away from the ground. Or, more likely, there is something hidden in the heart of each floating piece of land, keeping it up in the air. Something buried deep in the center of the rocks and soil but also connected to the plants. Some islands hovering above the beach are over three hundred feet wide. Others span only fifteen-twenty feet.
Using such an island to travel far away from here is a tempting idea. But I’d have no means to control it under the unpredictable wind direction. Therefore, I’d have no way to know the next destination, not to mention the fact that it cannot lift me over any mountains. I spend a few more minutes examining these unusual formations. Maybe the whirlpool the Angel was talking about is here. My eyes are combing the new landscape while I keep walking on a line bordering the aerial blocks. Nevertheless, I find nothing else to draw my attention and resolve to explore the southern shore for the rest of the day.
I pack up my stuff and walk south for a couple of miles along the ocean’s edge. The area is deserted. Only a few seagulls are fishing in the waves, shouting random words with nearly human voices. I continue my trek. After a relatively flat area, the mountain range is getting even closer to the ocean.
Many dark rocks mark the coast, giving it an unfriendly appearance. I climb on top of one for a better view. All the way south, I see the same uneven landscape without trees or traces of human settlements. Several small lakes are visible a little farther away, most of them connected to the sea through networks of narrow channels.
I spend the afternoon fishing and succeed in spearing two herrings (or something similar to herrings, anyway) for my dinner. Then I sit on a flat stone and meditate. My expanded senses tell me that the whirlpool is nearby. Still, I can’t go beyond the limits of my ego. Thus, my mind can’t tune in to hear the Architect’s voice. Was he the person who warned me about the snowstorm in the mountains? Was he the one who showed me how to meditate? I shan’t get any answers to these questions until I hear that voice in my head one more time.
After sunset, I look again for the moon but can’t find it anywhere in the sky. Yet, I don’t remember seeing any big tide during the last two days, so maybe there is no moon in this world, after all. Checking my pocket watch, it seems the sun has set today at 9 p.m. Probably this world’s day is about one hour longer than the day on Earth, close to the length of Nosyon’s day.
My water skin is almost empty in the evening. Pushed by thirst, I make up my mind to risk a trip under the floating islands and refill it from the spring there. I shall also take some firewood to my new camp, now moved to the safer part of the coast in the south.
I return about an hour later. Sunken in darkness, I’m stumbling along the dark beach, carrying fresh supplies of water and wood. After a short rest, I take a torch and go near the shore, looking for fish in a few of the natural pools farther south. I hear splashing sounds coming from one of the water basins and decide to try my chances there. Torch in one hand and spear in the other, I bend close to the restless sea surface and wait. Every time I see a dark shadow moving beneath, I strike.
In less than half an hour, I have already caught three big fish. They remind me of cod. Preparing to leave and get some rest, I take a final look at the small lake. A strange light radiates from inside. What could be hidden so deep underwater? I shall try to investigate it more carefully tomorrow. Even though there is no moon in the sky, the water level seems to be slowly rising.
My initial plan was to sleep again on the beach, but I hear the sound of thunder at regular intervals as lightning bolts crisscross the dark sky near the horizon hidden in darkness. The best choice is to find a sheltered area next to a big rock and set up my tent there. Deeper inland and about sixty feet above ocean level, a stone platform looks like the ideal location. It is also high enough to prevent flooding from a possible tide generated by the storm. Barely inside the tent, the rain begins to pour violently. Thinking about what to do tomorrow, I plunge into a dreamless slumber.
♣
August 25 — I wake up at dawn, trembling from cold and lying down in a puddle of salty water. Everything inside the tent is wet! Terrified, I get out and find the ocean waves already biting from the platform where I had set up my shelter last night. The water level is more than sixty feet higher now! Working with all the speed given by desperation, my knees surrounded by foamy eddies, I grab all my possessions and rush to higher ground.
This turn of events is utterly surprising. There was no moon, no tide for almost three days, and now, suddenly, the ocean level is rising fast. Is it possible that the continent itself is submerging? Yet, how could this happen without even a trace of an earthquake? Clouds and rain are gone, the sky is clear now, there are only a few minutes until sunrise.
I climb to another plateau, located about forty feet higher. From there, I look around for clues but discover nothing unusual. However, when I turn my eyes east, I finally see what caused the ocean’s invasion. A narrow moon crescent of colossal size, with a diameter about ten times larger than the one from Earth, is mercilessly floating above the horizon.
Even though it’s already dawn, some craters near the terminator are still clearly visible. It takes me a few minutes to understand what happened. I get my answer from my knowledge of universal attraction between celestial bodies, discovered more than a century ago by Isaac Newton.
This moon is much closer and revolves around this world much faster. Its movement has almost the same speed and direction as the planet’s rotation. For this reason, it stays for a long time above the same hemisphere, rising and setting not daily but once every few days. That explains the extended interval between tides and their magnitude.
Below my feet, the ocean level keeps on climbing. It’s not only the proximity of this moon but also the slowness of its movement that gives the water enough time to flow towards this place. The next few hours, the water level goes up by another thirty feet, albeit at a slower pace. Then it stays almost stable for the rest of the day, with a rise that will probably add at most twelve or fifteen feet until evening.
Because it has such a low angular velocity, I expect to see this moon in the sky for at least another two sunrises. The beach is gone. So is the forest, and with it my supply of spring water, fruits, and firewood. The floating islands are gone too. They must have risen higher under the moon’s gravitational pull and were most likely pushed away by winds.
I’ll look for freshwater that springs from higher ground, then I’m going to spend the rest of the day fishing. I’m fortunate to have succeeded in saving all my stuff, even though some of it got wet. The fruits and fish from my backpack should help me survive for at least two more days. Even if I don’t find a water source, the waterskin is half full and will help me get by until tomorrow without suffering too much from thirst.
I spend a couple of hours in the morning looking for another stream of freshwater. Finally, I find an almost invisible trickle on the cliff above the submerged forest, well hidden behind thick blades of rough grass. Fishing is not so good. I can barely catch a small herring until sunset (or, anyway, something looking like a herring). And due to the lack of wood and fire, I shall have to eat it raw.
The most curious thing is to watch the giant moon changing phases as the day progresses, for the sun is moving much faster past it. Now I’m sure the day here is longer by about one hour and ten minutes. At dusk, when the sun sets, the moon is in a waxing phase, and I expect to see it fully illuminated late at night. It may also suffer a total or partial eclipse, disappearing into the planet’s shadow.
I didn’t meditate today, and I’m too tired to do it now. Therefore I try to get some sleep on a semicircular platform deeper inland and high above the swollen ocean waters. I set up my tent here a few hours ago. I can’t imagine the waves coming anywhere close to it. The moon is now so bright that I can even write or read. The night feels like a late cloudy afternoon on Earth.
It is the end of my fourth day in this world (or the third day on this deserted shore), and I still have no idea how to return to Excelsior. I’ve changed my mind about going back to the mountains if I don’t find the whirlpool and shall wait here at least until the next low tide. Sooner or later, I think I’m going to wake up into one of my other lives. All the same, I’m a prisoner in each of them. I feel as if each of these three worlds, perhaps from a strange self-preservation instinct, has extended dark tentacles to stop me from moving around until I fuse my existences and bring back this corner of the Universe into its previous state of harmony.
I really need to talk to the Architect! I need to find him so I can get out of this mess. Then I have to find the whirlpool. However, what am I going to do if the crossing is deep underwater? Maybe it has something to do with the strange light I could see the other night inside the lake when I went fishing? I shall investigate that area more carefully at the next low tide, for the lake is gone now, swallowed by the ocean.
I gaze at the vast expanse of water, wondering what mysterious shores lie behind its dark horizon. The night is calm and, under the red shadows of the clouds, the liquid kingdom appears to have an almost glassy consistency. Suddenly, I spot a ship passing by in the bright moonlight, perhaps only half a mile away. Its hull reminds me of the galleons from the 16th century. The vessel cuts the waves effortlessly, with all her sails up! Here I am, alone, and I have no fire to make myself noticed.
This world is not devoid of people, after all! Shouting as loud as I can, I take my shirt off and wave it like crazy, jumping up and down on the rocky shore. But I’m too far away to be seen or heard. Soon, the vessel fades to the south.
Then, for the first time since I’ve become separated from my crew, I sob like a child until the world of dreams takes over and spares me from suffering for the next few hours.
pi

 

I can’t hear the sea waves anymore when I wake up. There is no dark canvas, no wind, no green-blue sky above. I push my body into a sitting position and look around. I must have transcended during the sleep into one of my other lives.
The arched ceiling is shining above me like an old church dome, but with no angels painted on it. I check my log and the numbers scribbled on the nearby wall to count the passing of the days. My last dated note is from June 27. Another two undated notes follow. However, from the daily dates scratched in stone near the place where I usually sleep, it seems today is already July 25.
Where is the Architect? Where is the whirlpool? Is this whirlpool related to water? I stand up, walk around, and inspect once more the lake from the center. Then I walk to the edge of the hot spring bath. There doesn’t seem to be anything unusual about them. No passages out are visible, either.
I don’t remember finding any water source in the first or second gallery. Only the third, the farthest and hardest to reach, had that deep well. And I have only visited it once. So, in this case, how do the trees from the cavern of the Winged Master survive? What about him? Does he ever drink water? Perhaps the fruits are enough to keep him alive? Who cares? It doesn’t matter anymore. I need to focus now on finding the whirlpool.
As I recall the trip to the third cavern, I realize I haven’t even tried to drop a stone inside the well. And why not? Because it would sink to the bottom? Is there any way I can find out how deep the well is? How to see what’s going on there? Immediately, a new idea comes through my mind. That’s true: you can’t see how far an ordinary stone can sink. However, a light-emitting stalagmite should be visible until it goes down quite deep.
My jaw drops from the simplicity of the solution. All I need to do is throw in several fragments of luminescent stalagmites. As they sink into the water, they should reveal the shape and depth of the well! If it suggests the existence of a passage, I can spend a few weeks carving small steps in the vertical walls of the pit. Then I can try my chances by diving in and swimming out! If the exit looks too far away, I climb back into the cavern and continue my daily meditation sessions until another plan comes to mind.
There is nothing else to eat in this place but white mushrooms. This type of diet is not helping me stay in my best shape. Even though I could survive for months here, I’m losing weight and strength day after day. In time, I might get sick from a lack of fresh vegetables, cereals, milk, eggs, fish, and even meat.
Of course, I still have several fruits from the Winged Master, taken during my last visit to his cave a week ago. But even so, I wonder if I can live like this for long. On second thought, how do I know these fruits are real? Maybe my mind got tricked into seeing them as fruits? I examine them again, more carefully, and the fruits quickly turn into stones!
Almost in shock after the scene I have just witnessed, I wonder what I have picked up and eaten all this time from the Winged Master’s cave. Were they fruits or stones? Did my stomach digest them as fruits only because I believed them to be fruits? Then, how can reality be defined? Is it something that exists independently of us, or is it shaped every moment by our mind’s work?
I stand up and resolve to investigate the third cavern again. There is no point in wasting time. I break off several fragments of luminous stalagmites from the floor. Then I pick up all my possessions and as many mushrooms as I can carry. My trek through the third gallery can begin.
♣
I pay a final courtesy visit to the Winged Master and tell him about my plan to check the well. He refuses my invitation to come along, no matter how much I insist. When I ask him whether I should get back and tell him if I find a quick way out, he says:
“I can’t swim and would quickly drown if I tried to pass through an underwater tunnel. If you discover a passage, it means your departure time has come. Go ahead and leave this place if you can, don’t mind me. For the last two weeks, I kept glimpsing fragments of future during my meditations. I saw you finding an exit, and then I saw myself getting out of here, only months later. Something tells me we shall meet again in the other world. Just don’t expect my face and body to look like this. I’ll be human, like you.”
He has never told me about his place of origin and never answered any of my questions about him. So, I guess there is no point in insisting on these issues again before I leave.
“In case I don’t come back and succeed in returning to Esyon, please accept my warmest thanks for your help during my time spent in here,” I say. And after a short pause, I add: “If it’s not too much trouble, can you tell me your name?”
“You shall hear it when we meet again,” the Winged Master replies, with a smile I can’t see, but I can feel. “By the way, aren’t you going to pick up a few fruits for your trip, as you usually do at the end of your visits?”
“I’m afraid I shan’t be able to eat them anymore,” I answer, smiling back. “I have discovered the true nature of your fruits. They are just stones.”
As soon as I say this, I hear a rumbling noise and feel the ground shaking. The trees from the cave quickly turn into stalagmites. The ceiling darkens to a level of luminosity comparable to my cavern. The golden pillar where the Winged Master is seated becomes a simple stone pedestal. I can only stand and look around as I witness the transformation, too astonished to say anything. A few moments later, the place is quiet again. Quiet and completely changed.
“Good,” the Winged Master’s voice reverberates in my mind again. “This means you are beginning to see the things as they really are. You seem ready to return to Esyon. I wish you farewell, my friend, and a good journey back to the world above.”
I venture with a final question:
“Sir, have you ever left this cave?”
“What do you think?” he counters while his telepathic smile broadens. “Please come closer and look at me carefully.”
I take a few steps until I can touch the tall stone column and lift my gaze towards the Winged Master. The statue of a creature with wings sits in a meditation posture on top of the massive block. However, there is life inside it. Immediately, I hear the same voice speaking again inside my brain:
“Now, you know. You can finally see this place the way it is. Go in peace, Alberto, return to your crew and bring the woman you love back to Esyon. It was a pleasure talking to you. Stay strong and healthy until we meet again.”
“Are you a statue?” I venture with a final question, but no one replies.
Perhaps I have dreamed all the dialogues with the Winged Master, including the fruits I thought I’ve eaten during this time? I take a walk around the spacious cave but find nothing besides stones and stalagmites. No water, no hidden exits. It doesn’t matter anymore. From here, I’m going straight through the third gallery to look for the whirlpool. And with God’s help, I might be soon out of here.
I wave my hand in a farewell gesture towards my motionless friend and leave his cavern.
♣
After the expected three hours of walking, I finally reach the third cave. I stride to the well in the middle and examine its interior. This time I have the feeling that there is more than just my reflection coming from the deep. Putting the stalagmite-torch aside, I wait for my eyes to become accustomed to the dark and stare down for a long time.
A dim source of light shaped like a disk seems to be floating down there. But how can this be happening? Perhaps some tiny organisms that radiate light are living in the deep water of the well? This is encouraging. Maybe these creatures are similar to those found in the oceans. I suppose they came from outside through an underwater passage. But is this passage short enough to be crossed by someone who can’t swim as fast as a fish and can’t breathe underwater?
The next step is to throw down a luminous stalagmite while attempting to glimpse what its light would reveal before fading away. The fragment of stone slides into the deep and slows down after about ten yards. The well looks wider there, and the water surrounding the stone seems denser, pushing it upwards. I stare at the stalagmite in amazement.
After a few more minutes, the piece of rock is slowly carried away, perhaps by a current, and disappears from my view. A second stalagmite has the same fate. I can’t explain what I’m seeing. Stones are not supposed to float in water, yet they do exactly this thing inside the well.
I stare into the vertical passage for the whole afternoon, most of the time in darkness, and try to get a good view of the bottom. Yet, I can’t discern what’s beyond the spot where the pieces of stalagmite slow down. If this weren’t an absurd idea, I should say that the bottom is the water surface from an upside-down world and the mysterious bright source is nothing but the daylight from the other side. However, if this were the case, shouldn’t the light be way more intense? What dims it? And then I remember how the landscape from Nosyon looked quite dark as I saw it from the cave in the mountains. Perhaps it is the same here.
I decide to spend the night next to the well. I shall continue to observe it today, tomorrow, and the following days until I find an explanation of this mystery. If I understand what is going on, I might be able to escape my prison. Carving steps in the walls won’t be easy. I have no tools and no rope to hold me. If I fell into the well now, I’d have to either swim through the deep tunnel until I find air or drown in the freezing water, for I won’t be able to climb back.
The evening goes by in meditation. I hope my expanded senses can give me an answer. I keep having this strange feeling that there is another world, upside down, on the other side of the well. When the fatigue takes over, I resolve to let a good night of sleep clear my mind of all these crazy thoughts. I shall think again about a way out after I wake up.
rho

 

After a night haunted by blurred dreams, my eyes open in the pale light of the dawn. I’m lying down in a bed, surrounded by the windows of a spacious room. The pale-blue ceiling from above reminds me of Earth’s sky. Outside, a red sun is rising above the mountain ridge. Nivit is sleeping next to me with a smile on her face, and my wings feel numb.
I need two or three seconds to process the fact that I’ve returned to Nosyon. Maybe here I can come across a way to talk to the Architect. Or at least I hope to discover where the whirlpool is hidden. One by one, the memories from this world come back to me. I haven’t written anything in my notebook lately, but I know that today’s date on Earth is September 20.
There is little difference among Nosyon’s seasons. The climate in the valleys is relatively warm all year. Nivit and I still live in Verin but left the Guest House a few weeks ago. A clerk from the City Council told us about a vacant property that belonged to someone who has crossed over recently. We could use the house for as long as we wanted. It was not one of the most sought-of places, for most Nosyonians would rather avoid living beyond city boundaries.
The building had furniture, tableware, and plenty of appliances. All were in good condition. We even found inside the bedroom a few old books about Nosyon’s geography. The house was quite spacious, with two floors and ten rooms. We found in our new home all we needed for a simple but comfortable life.
We are the only people who currently live in this area that borders the city’s edge. Trees and flowers surround us from all sides. A picturesque garden in the backyard also provides us with fruits and vegetables. There are two more houses about two hundred yards away, but they are uninhabited.
Nivit doesn’t work in the hospital anymore. She has opened a medical office on the ground floor and treats twice a week the patients who venture to visit her here. I continue to publish stories about Earth in the local newspaper while working on a book about my world. Deron, the publishing manager, is happy with what I give him, for his business is flourishing like never before.
Nivit and I meditate every day and train our minds to reach past our standard range of perception. So far, we haven’t discovered anything that could take us out of here. Yet, as time passes by, our power of focus keeps growing, fueling our hopes for a better future.
Since we got back together, we have spent long hours talking about my arrival in Nosyon. My opinion was that I didn’t die but entered a state that allowed me to cross over with my vital energy at a high level. But Nivit thought that my naked body had shut down during the process, ending my life. As I hadn’t awakened in Esyon anymore, I tended to agree with her. I began to believe that I was probably as dead as she inside the other world. Or so things seemed until now.
However, since I woke up a few minutes ago, I know that our perspective on this realm is about to change, for, in the meantime, I have transcended into a third reality. There, inside the cave, I found my cocoon, our tent, and our backpacks. I know I’m not dead because I live another life in that realm.
As these new thoughts expand inside my mind, Nivit wakes up and looks at me intently. Her eyes, bathed in the warm rays of the dawn, mirror the bright disc of the Nosyonian sun.
“Nivit, I’ve just found out something important,” I whisper. “A new existence has opened for me inside the cave where the blizzard caught us.”
Then I describe my newest adventures there, about the new world that’s neither Esyon nor Nosyon. I recount what the Angel has told me. I talk about my encounters with the talking birds, the flying islands, and the moon that fills a big part of the sky and rises only once every six or seven days. Nivit listens without asking any questions. When I tell her about the whirlpool, her eyes lit like fires. She raises her eyebrows and says:
“In Nosyon, the whirlpool is the Grand Stream.”
♣
A long time ago, a man from Verin wanted to explore this continent in detail. He thought of using a machine that could soar in the air higher than any wings. With it, he was planning to make extensive observations of the land. During the years he lived in Nosyon, he made two important discoveries.
The first breakthrough came from recalling that a paper bag filled with hot air can lift a small weight attached to it. Using pieces of canvas covered with a thin layer of glue to make them airtight, the researcher built and tested many types of balloon models at his house. He wanted to use such a balloon to lift him high in the sky.
As the atmosphere’s density decreases with altitude, someone from Nosyon can only fly up to about ten thousand feet. Above this height, the air is too thin, and the movement of the wings can’t displace enough of it to maintain a constant distance from the ground. Of course, people in my world have already flown in hot air balloons. It occurred in France twelve years ago when the Montgolfier brothers soared into the air for the first time in our documented history. Even so, many scholars believe that other such flights might have taken place in Europe, Asia, or America much earlier, perhaps even during Antiquity.
The test models paved the way for the scientist to build a prototype a few months later. It was a large globe made of airtight canvas, tied with a net of ropes to a sturdy basket of intertwined twigs from a local tree similar to a willow. He also designed a long metal pipe to fill the balloon by carrying the hot air from a fire lit on the ground.
And so, on a sunny morning, he lifted off under the curious gaze of several hundred Nosyonians. The balloon rose to a height of about five thousand feet. Some minutes later, it began descending, for the air inside was already cooling. The inventor realized that he needed to keep the air hot for a longer time. For this, he had to bring a fire with him.
And so, on a sunny morning, he soared under the curious gaze of several hundred Nosyonians. The balloon rose to a height of about five thousand feet. Some minutes later, it began descending, for the air inside was already cooling. The inventor realized that he needed to keep the air hot for a longer time. For this, he had to bring a fire with him.
However, bad luck struck the scientist during descent. At an altitude of about one thousand feet, a spark from the stove touched one of the supporting ropes and set it alight. Long flames spread like hungry snakes over the basket and then to the balloon itself.
The man had to promptly jump out of the passenger platform, using his wings to land safely. His airship turned into a giant torch and fell into a lake about a dozen miles away from Verin. The three following models used coal in a metal box suspended with wires above the basket. After several more tests, the explorer finally found a working formula that avoided the danger of accidentally setting the balloon’s fabric on fire.
The day the scientist tested his improved craft, thousands of Nosyonians came to watch him, bringing the city to a standstill. The sky was clear, and the weather was good, with no wind blowing when he untied the ropes that kept his balloon near the ground. And so he began his ascent. A few dozen people flew in circles for a while around the slowly rising airship. However, as the altitude increased, the air became thinner, and they were all left behind, one by one. On the other hand, the researcher could relax in the square basket underneath the canvas sphere and enjoy the view.
There is a mathematical correlation between air pressure and altitude, as found by Edmund Halley in 1686. This scientist knew that, too. So he built a simple device to measure the atmosphere’s pressure. It was a U-shaped tube made of glass with one end tightly closed with a cap. A colored liquid filled half of it. When the outside pressure was equal to the closed section, the fluid stayed in the middle. If the pressure dropped, the denser air from the closed volume pushed up the liquid from the open side. The difference in height between the two sections showed the relative pressure change.
The scientist had marked the glass tube with equally-spaced lines. A few trips to the mountains near his city had helped him calibrate the device. The elevations of the neighboring peaks were precisely known and easy to convert into the liquid difference. From his data, he assumed an almost linear correspondence for higher altitudes and used this instrument to estimate his distance from the ground.
When the balloon reached thirteen thousand feet, the inventor began to have trouble breathing. He added pieces of coal to the fire and pumped in more air with a set of bellows to help it burn. The balloon kept rising slowly. At sixteen thousand feet, he began feeling weak and dizzy. A tiny stream of blood was flowing from his nose. Fearing for his safety, he decided not to go any higher.
Despite his poor physical condition, the scientist maintained the balloon’s altitude for as long as he could keep the fire alive. He spent the afternoon looking at what was above and below the airship, writing detailed notes of what he saw. He also knew that an eye in the sky was nearby and attempted to observe it at a closer distance.
And so, he kept looking above for anything unusual. After a while, he glimpsed, maybe fifteen hundred feet higher, the blurry shape of a whirlwind. It was barely visible, although it had perhaps one hundred and fifty feet in diameter. The surrounding air appeared darker, pulled in along converging spiral lines. He could not see what was on the other side, but this hole in the sky seemed to connect to a place beyond Nosyon. The scientist called it the Grand Stream and filled his log with detailed descriptions of what he saw.
Did all the eyes in the sky have such airstreams in the center? And did all these streams pull the air towards them? Some had to work in the opposite direction, pumping into Nosyon the atmosphere from another realm. And were they indeed crossing points to a different world? The scholar planned to build a better airship and inspect the vortex in more detail in a future exploration trip. This find was his second important discovery.
Late afternoon, threatening clouds appeared above and below the balloon. It was time to return home. But the eccentric adventurer got caught in the middle of the incoming thunderstorm during descent. Strong winds dragged down the airship at high speed. The supporting ropes got entangled, trapping the left foot of the researcher and preventing him from escaping. The balloon was soon smashed with force against a mountain ridge, killing its passenger instantly.
Five days later, a flier-by discovered the remains of the man and his airship. He also found his notebook at the crash site. Nobody attempted to fly so high again since that tragic accident. Not by balloon, not by other means. His notes got published in newspapers from many cities, stirring public debates about the Grand Stream’s nature. The topic became later a chapter in a book of curiosities that Nivit and I had the chance to find in the library from Verin.
From the way he died, the scientist likely emerged in Esyon as an inferior life-form. Perhaps he suddenly materialized inside the maze of caves. Or, who knows, maybe his energy was high enough after so many years of living in Nosyon, and he was born again among people. We’ll never know what happened to him. In any case, we ought to remember this man and his achievements. His name was Aleon.
♣
“So, you think the Grand Stream may be a way out of here, a door to an escape route that would avoid the normal crossing over,” I say, turning to Nivit.
“That’s what I believe,” she responds. “You asked for a whirlpool. This one is the most obvious candidate.”
“A gateway to another realm, where we don’t know what’s on the other side…”
“There is only one way to find out,” she says, yawning and closing her eyes for a moment.
“And what if it doesn’t cross into Esyon?”
“Then we return to the ground, even if we need to jump out of the balloon. We can let our bodies fall freely for a few thousand feet, then use our wings and control the descent speed in the denser air below. If we are more careful about the weather than Aleon, there should be no problem to land safely.”
Her plan is cunning. It could mean our successful escape from Nosyon. However, on second thought, I don’t know what might happen to Nivit or even to me when we cross to the other side. I’m worried we might turn into inferior creatures if the wind takes us back to Esyon. Or, who knows, we might get lost forever inside a new world. Yet, I came here without dying on Esyon. Perhaps the transformation and memory loss is not going to affect us when we go back. But can we really go back through the Grand Stream?
I tell Nivit about my doubts. Her smile fades into a preoccupied expression. How can we make sure it’s safe for both of us to cross that gateway? We can’t. However, before we get to that, we can build a balloon and make a few high-altitude trips to see the Grand Stream for ourselves. In the meantime, perhaps we might come up with a different method to cross back to Esyon.
A different method, right! What else could we use? Meditation? The Lady in Green was able to visit the other side in a state of trance. She could even bring me to her castle in my sleep. But she had built her residence on specific parameters that amplified her mental energy. How can Nivit and I do the same thing here? Maybe we can find an answer if we keep meditating.
“Nivit!” I say as I sit up and stretch my arms towards the ceiling, “Maybe there is another way to cross over.”
“Really?” she replies, raising her left eyebrow, “I’m curious to hear it!”
“You know I crossed into Nosyon during my dream in the other reality, helped by the Lady in Green. She was living inside this world. I could see this red sun in the sky and the same red grass covering the ground. The long robe she was wearing hid her wings well, in case she had them. Or perhaps I saw her differently because I was dreaming. She lived in a castle, isolated from the rest of the world. Maybe we can find it if we explore this land in more detail. We could even use the balloon for that, taking more food provisions for a long trip and letting the wind carry us. It may take a while to reach her place, but I’m confident we can do it.”
Nivit is already well acquainted with the story, as she heard it from me several times. She frowns slightly and turns face up, hands under her head, gazing at the blue ceiling. After a short pause, she says:
“The Lady in Green could somehow cross over inside other people’s dreams but was unable to show up in the real world from the other side. And her crossing point seemed to reach only into the underground network from Esyon, which is not a place where we should like to emerge.”
I have to agree with Nivit. Even if we find the Lady in Green, she is not likely to be of much help. For the time being, our only realistic hope is the Grand Stream. We shall search for her only if the plan with the balloon flight fails.
I gaze at Nivit, who is still lying down. She has such a sharp mind! Would I have guessed that the whirlpool is up there if Nivit hadn’t told me? I suppose it would have taken a while. Days, weeks? Who knows?
♣
Sunrises and sunsets follow each other in quick succession. We spend most of our waking hours working on our plan. Our airship will take shape inside the largest room of the house, now turned into a workshop. Because our craft needs to carry two people, it has to be quite large. We only have some general information about balloons, all coming from Aleon’s notes. Not many technical details appear there, so I’ll have to redo most of his experiments myself.
For a few days, I build small balloon models and fill them with hot air. I measure their lifting power. Then I do and redo calculations until I’m confident I know the right size of a canvas globe that could easily lift a weight four-five times greater than mine and Nivit’s combined. I also decide that a vent on top would increase the descent rate if needed. We could open or close it through a pair of long ropes.
When mid-October comes (based on my approximate calendar and the additional day inserted every twenty local days), our project is making steady progress. We both work day and night to make the balloon ready for the trip as soon as possible. We have painted the canvas black to make it heat up from the sun, so we’ll use less fuel to keep it hot when the sky is clear.
Our relative isolation prevents other people from noticing our preparations. Nobody else knows about our plans, not even Duval. Everyone believes we are making some extensive changes to the house. The last thing we put together is the basket that will carry the passengers. It should support our weight and a coal stove, plus some food and water provisions.
Nivit suggests making it capable of floating in case our flight ends on a lake. I agree with her and cover the wattled passenger box with thin pieces of sewn leather. To make them watertight, I spread a layer of glue onto their surface and sewing areas. Then I cover the basket with patches of canvas. When we finish, the oval box looks almost like a boat.
I build a “U” shaped glass device to measure the air pressure, similar to the one used by Aleon in his balloon trips. It takes us a few days to calibrate it properly. For this, we visit the nearby mountains and check the liquid height difference at well-known altitudes. We draw thin lines on the glass surface, with the corresponding elevations written next to them.
On October 20, our balloon is finally ready to fly. After carefully checking the sky for bad weather and making sure we don’t risk any, we take our craft outside and begin assembling it. First, we fill the passenger basket with provisions, warm clothes, and coal. Then we set the deflated balloon next to it and connect all the ropes. We finish about half an hour after sunset. The yard is sunken in darkness, and a sky full of stars is shining above.
We want to go for an early launch, at least one hour before sunrise. This way, we can avoid drawing any unwanted attention. Tomorrow we shall investigate the Grand Stream, the hole in the sky slightly north of Verin. If we fly high enough, I think the wind is going to carry us towards the vortex. As about crossing to the other side, we shall prepare for it on our next expedition.
♣
October 21 — It’s still dark when the fire from the coal stove begins filling the balloon with hot air. The process is slow, with the dark globe hanging from six long poles with hooks. A couple of times, we get very close to igniting the canvas and its canopy. However, several buckets of water promptly thrown over it prevent a fire from starting. In the end, everything goes well, and a black sphere is floating above our yard.
Soon we are both standing inside the basket. Nivit unties the ropes that keep us on the ground, and we begin our slow ascent towards the Grand Stream. At dawn, our altitude has already reached seven thousand feet. The land below is spreading underneath like a giant carpet in shades of red and orange. The colorful city shines to the south, and a few communication towers mark the landscape to the south-west. Spots with irregular shapes and curly lines splash the land with green: they are lakes and rivers.
There is no wind, and we are rising almost vertically. I suppose some people from the city have just noticed our balloon in the sky, but we are already too high for anyone to catch up with us.
Towards the west, a lone dragon is flying with gracious movements. I could never get close to these creatures, not even when they were circling Excelsior. Only at the palace in Gold City did a dragon attack the king, but those were quite unusual circumstances. I think no person has ever come near a dragon in Nosyon. They always travel at high altitudes and avoid human presence. Nobody knows where they come from and where they go. Even this one is too high, too far away, and I can’t see its body well.
We rise higher and higher. Soon, we cross paths with a large flock of white birds passing by, flying south. They emit high-pitched calls and move away from us. In the meantime, the temperature drops significantly. We put on warm clothes and huddle together. The altimeter shows that we are now at more than eleven thousand feet above the ground.
I throw more lumps of coal into the fire, and our vertical speed increases. The sky color darkens. Our breathing becomes more labored in the thin air. We take turns using a set of bellows to help the fire burning. For some unknown reason, I feel dizzy and need to lie down. Before I lose consciousness, I see the worried face of Nivit leaning towards me and feel her warm fingertips touching my forehead.
sigma

 

When I open my eyes again, the balloon’s fabric has filled the space around me. I can hear the waves hitting the shore, splashing against the rocks with crystalline sounds. My vision is blurred. I rub my eyes, trying to chase the fog away.
Still dizzy, I manage to articulate:
“Nivit, did anything go wrong with our flight? How come we are back on the ground? Have we landed near a lake?”
No answer.
“Nivit? Where are you?”
No answer.
With some difficulty, I lift myself into a sitting position. I can see better now and realize that the fabric surrounding me is the tent’s canvas and not the balloon’s outer layer. It has just happened again. I’ve bounced into another dream/life/reality or whatever name fits it.
The memories from this realm return one by one. I recall the lake among the rocks, the forest near the shore, the talking birds, the Angel, the giant tide, the huge moon, and the ship sailing by. So, today’s date has to be August 26, or something close to it, anyway. I squeeze myself out of the tent and take a deep breath.
It’s dawn, and the waning moon crescent is hovering in the sky, way past the zenith. The water level is still as high as it was last night. All I can do is eat what’s left in my backpack and wait for the moon to set. This situation is probably going to last at least until tomorrow night. Then, when the tide is low and the sandy beach is visible again, I can go back to the lake among the rocks, where I’ve spotted the light.
I spend the day doing calisthenics and meditating. This time, one’s senses seem to expand farther away. One is again in harmony with the Universe. One feels there is an exit nearby: one only needs to pinpoint it more accurately.
At dusk, one begins to sense someone else’s thoughts inside one’s head. First, they are more like a vague impression but become gradually stronger and louder until one perceives a voice speaking. The way the words come out is strange, for one doesn’t hear but feels them:
“Hello. I’m glad I could finally connect with you again.”
“Are you the Architect?” one asks without any other introductory remarks.
“You can call me by this name if you want,” the voice replies.
“Are you the one who warned me about the snowstorm in the mountains?”
“Yes, I am. It was already too late to adjust the weather, and then I lost the connection with you.”
“You know, we could not avoid it. At the last moment, we managed to find shelter in a cave. But the weather turned so cold that it was a hard struggle to stay alive, even in that chamber protected from wind and snow. Nivit could not survive the low temperature and crossed over into Nosyon. In another reality, I have followed in her footsteps two weeks later. I don’t know why I seem to exist in three different places at once. Are you also the one who told me how to meditate?”
“No, I haven’t told you anything. Has someone introduced you to meditation? That’s good. It should also help you get out of here faster.”
After a short pause, the voice continues:
“As you may already know, this world is out of balance. It wasn’t very stable, to begin with, for it was/is a work in progress. Even so, the arrival of your ship, the conflict with the locals, and your journey inland destabilized it even more. The laws of causality stopped working in a few locations. The local lines of Universe lost their integrity. As a consequence, your existence split into several parallel realities. Right now, even as we speak, this realm is becoming more unstable.”
“The Angel told me to look for your help. I have been trying to find you for several days already,” one says.
The voice remains silent for a few moments. One feels how the surprise is engulfing the Architect’s thoughts, like a cocoon of silk.
“The Angel? Who is the Angel?”
“An entity made of pure light talked to me in a dream, four days ago. That’s how I found about the whirlpool and you.”
One senses even more surprise from the Architect. After a long silence, the voice continues:
“I suppose neither of us knows who the Angel is. However, it’s a relief to learn that there is someone else who wants to fix our worlds.”
This situation is a bit odd. The Angel knows about the Architect, but the Architect hasn’t heard about the Angel. Perhaps all those broken causality laws are bringing more and more confusion into these realms. Nevermind! One should now focus on finding a solution to one’s problem, no point in looking for a comprehensive description of the circumstances. There is plenty of time for that later.
“So, what is going to happen here, what will happen to me? What should I do?” one’s questions come in quick succession.
“If you don’t cross through the whirlpool soon, the cracks in the causality laws will keep expanding until they fill the whole system. For a while, your existences will continue to split into more and more realities. You are going to find yourself living an increasing number of parallel lives. After some time, the same thing will start happening to other individuals. When causality has broken up over a large part of this world, objects, animals, and people will vanish in blasts of light.
“In the end, this light is going to swallow and dissolve everything, until this whole part of the Universe disappears into oblivion: Esyon, Nosyon, and Teryon, the realm where you are right now, plus all the other local worlds connected to them. They are all going to be affected and ultimately destroyed by the failure of the causality laws.”
One wonders how many other worlds exist besides those one has seen so far but prefers to leave this question for another occasion. So one thinks/says:
“Given the situation, I’d like to get out of here as soon as possible and help this system of worlds become stable again. Do you know where the whirlpool is?”
“You have guessed correctly: the whirlpool is inside the lake near the shore. You can pass through it in two days, at low tide. The light coming from deep below is the water surface of Esyon, which appears upside down as seen from here. You should also know that you have already come close to the crossing points in all your three existences.”
“Shall my three existences become one again after I do the crossing?”
“That’s what we expect to happen. When you go through, I shall adjust space and time in those locations so that your parallel lives fuse back together into a single one.”
“Then, which one will be the right one? Into what existence am I going to cross?”
“It will be one of them; I don’t know which one. And, if all your separate lives connect again into a single one, does it really matter?”
“Of course it does,” one says, full of anxiety. “There is one Nivit in one world and a different one in the other…”
But the Architect is already gone. I have lost the mind-to-mind connection.
No matter how hard I try, I can’t feel his voice anymore. I return to reality and begin to think about how to cross back into Esyon.
The pale light from the lake on the shore was about sixty feet deep. Even for a good diver, this is not an easy task. However, if the other side connects to the surface, I only need to reach the middle and let the water do the rest of the work, lifting me into the other realm. Something heavy in my arms should help me dive quickly, dragging me probably beyond the midpoint.
If this doesn’t work from the first attempt, I can try it again until I succeed. There is nothing else to do for the time being but wait for the low tide. And now I’m also left to wonder who has saved my life during the snowstorm.
♣
August 28 — A cloudy morning is spreading its wings over the coast. The moon is gone from the sky, and it’s low tide. The lake among the rocks, completely underwater two days ago, is now once more separated from the ocean. I can see a shimmer of light again deep inside. I throw a stone towards it. The stone dives to about twenty feet then slows down. A few moments later, it slides to the side and disappears from my view. I have already seen this happening inside the well from the cave, in one of my other lives.
I pack up all my belongings and squeeze them inside my backpack. Then I bind the bag to a heavy stone. I’m going to grab my stuff and let the boulder pull me down, all the way to the neutral depth, probably a foot or so past it. When I reach that depth, I shall cut the rope that holds the boulder. Then I hope to soar quickly towards the surface from the other side.
♣
One moment ago, I was bending to pick up a boulder. The next thing that fills my field of view is Nivit’s worried face. A black canvas sphere fills the space behind her. The air is thin and cold. I realize I’m again in the balloon, high above the ground, inside Nosyon.
“How long was I out?” I ask.
“Only for a few moments,” she replies in a low voice. “I’m glad you’ve recovered so quickly.”
I cough, gasping for air a few times until I can breathe normally again. I say:
“I woke up inside the third world and talked to the Architect as I was meditating. I lived there for almost three days.”
It takes me a couple of minutes to describe what happened during my other existence. Nivit nods in silence when I tell her she was right about the whirlpool.
“What should we do?” I ask. “Shall we try to cross the Grand Stream now with the balloon instead of just observing it?”
“I’d rather do that now than come back a second time. I don’t think I’m going to transform into an inferior lifeform. However, even if I do, I’m sure you can help me change back into myself. I know you will find me again, no matter where I might disappear.”
I nod in agreement. We add more coal to the stove and continue our ascent, tightly holding each other’s hands. The air is getting colder and thinner. Weak and dizzy, we both breathe now with some difficulty. Besides heating the air inside the balloon, the stove also prevents us from freezing. Our estimated altitude has already passed sixteen thousand feet. Leaning backward, we stare at the dark sky above, as much as the bulky shape of the balloon allows us to do so.
I reach into my pocket and check my watch. Its hands display ten minutes past noon. As seen from here, the sky is quite dark, and it doesn’t have a uniform color. And then we glimpse a circular configuration that looks like a fast-rotating eddy. As we rise higher, a wind gust catches the balloon and shakes it hard. The air fills with white clouds. For a moment, the world goes blank again.
♣
The next thing that pops up in front of my eyes is the luminous stalagmite. I hold it in my hand, at the edge of the well. There is no more light glimmering in the deep. Perhaps it’s nighttime on the other side. Maybe it’s nighttime on this side, too, for I’m in the same world. But I have no means to check it. Perhaps I live in a different time frame, where the days and nights of these two realities do not coincide.
I resolve to wait until dawn returns to the other side. Then I can see the bright water surface below when I dive. I shall grab a boulder and plunge into the well. When I’m past the middle zone, I shall let the water lift me towards the light. But until then, I need to rest as much as I can.
I try to get some sleep, but wake up every hour or so, go to the well and peek inside it. Time flows with agonizing slowness between my short intervals of rest. Finally, I see the light shining deep down again. Lifting the stone in my arms, I step towards the edge and get ready to jump. Now I can leave my underground prison. Or so I hope.
♣
The sound of the crashing waves is ringing in my ears. With my backpack and tent tied to a large stone, I reach the edge of the lake and prepare to dive. Around me, I hear for the final time the seagulls fishing and shouting random human words. As strange as it seems, I have the feeling that one of them says “Good luck!” three times.
Then the waves quiet down. For a few moments, the lake looks almost like a mirror. I gaze at the reflection of blue-green with a violet tint from above. Gathering my courage, I step into the water, I step into the sky.
♣
Our airship is shaking hard. The stove is in danger of overturning and burning the ropes that connect us to the canvas sphere. A few embers get sprayed on the floor of our nacelle. I try to grab and throw them out before the flames spread and engulf our balloon.
A sudden blast of wind hits the passenger basket and pushes me out of it. My wings open instinctively, beating fast to prevent me from falling. I try to fly back to the balloon, but a strong current drags me higher and higher towards the hole in the sky.
I see a desperate look on Nivit’s face. She tries to jump after me, but a powerful gust of air pushes her in the opposite direction, back into the basket. The balloon is quickly dragged downwards and disappears a few moments later below a thick layer of clouds.
♣
And | And | And
I plunge into | I sink below | the wind
the dark and cold | the rippled surface | pushes me upwards,
water of the well. | of the lake. | towards the vortex.
♣
A liquid cold strikes me with brutality. Thousands of needles are piercing my body. My lungs are going to explode soon. My hands and legs move frantically, trying to propel me towards the surface before I lose consciousness and drown. In a blurry stream of bubbles, I rise from the depths like a rocket, breaking the foamy waves above me. My gasping mouth swallows the air with painful greed.
It’s a sunny day. The sea is calm, a rocky shore shines nearby, and I can even see a ship anchored farther away. Everything is still mixed-up in my head, but I think her name is Excelsior.
tau

 
You live inside my dream, and I live inside yours.

Seraphios



 

I use my remaining drops of energy to reach the shore. Then I drag myself from the waves and lie down on the warm sand. I’m still shivering from cold and strain. After about a minute, I lift myself into a sitting position and squeeze the water out of my clothes. A little farther away, the buildings from Gold City are lining the horizon. The sky above is clear and has a beautiful blue-green color.
At first, there is a blank space in my mind about the recent events. However, some minutes later, memories from three separate lives flow back to me, like three streams merging and turning into a bigger watercourse. It seems I’ve managed to cross the whirlpool. From now on, I can expect to live in a single reality. Unless, of course, something else breaks down in this realm.
Yet, which one of the previous realities is reflected inside this world? The one where I was wandering along an empty shore with floating rocks and unusually high tides? The one where I got lost inside the underground maze while returning from a night expedition into Gold City? Or maybe the one from Nosyon, where I had wings and tried to cross the Grand Stream in a hot air balloon?
Now that I’m so close to the city, I’d like to make sure the conflict with the Islanders is over. Apparently, it is. Otherwise, the ship wouldn’t stay anchored so close to the Island’s harbor. Of course, my most burning question is how I can have Nivit by my side again. And, before looking for answers to any more questions, I want to know today’s date.
I examine my wet clothes. They are in bad condition, but I can recognize the attire worn during the underground raid. So, this is the reality where I got lost inside the maze of caves. My bundle containing the backpack and the wrapped-up tent from Teryon is gone. I suppose it faded away when that branch of reality disappeared.
I’m cold and dizzy. So, I lie down again under the blue-green sky, letting the sun warm my tired body. With my eyes closed, I’m thinking about what to do next. Should I go into the city, or should I swim towards Excelsior? I remember that I was promoted to second-in-command before I got separated from my crew (or at least this is how things happened in this existence).
Well, I suppose duty comes first. As soon as I feel a little better, I’ll swim towards the ship.
Suddenly, I hear voices from the sea. Opening my eyes, I spot several sailors in a boat, rowing enthusiastically towards the shore. They jump out in the shallow water and run in my direction. Soon, strong arms lift me in the air, and my men carry me rapidly to our vessel.
“Second Lieutenant! You are alive! You survived and came back!” someone says in an excited tone.
I turn my eyes towards him and recognize Eric, one of the masters of arms.
“Sir, how did you return?” a sailor named Thomas asks, looking at me intently.
“It’s a long story, but I shall try to resume it in a few words,” I reply, surprised by how weak and croaky my voice sounds. With some effort, I manage to go on:
“After I fell off the bridge, the current dragged me through an underwater tunnel, and I ended up in a new cavern, in total darkness. From there, I felt my way out until I reached a place with luminous stalactites and stalagmites. I used one as a torch and wandered for weeks through a network of caves, drinking water from streams and eating white mushrooms I occasionally found along the way. In the end, I swam out of there through another underwater gallery.”
“Underwater gallery? There is no such thing nearby, sir!” a young sailor named Harry says, shaking his head vigorously.
“Perhaps it was here for a few moments only, just long enough to let me pass through. Then it vanished as soon as I reached this side,” I counter, improvising an explanation. “Can you tell me what happened after my disappearance?” I ask the men.
“After you fell into the river, everybody thought you had drowned, sir!” the master of arms responds. “There was no way to recover you from the water, for you were gone. So we returned to the shore. Everyone was upset about losing you, but we had to go on with our mission. We even held a funeral in your memory the next day. The conflict with the locals ended soon after our night expedition, and that means long ago. You look exhausted, sir, and I believe you need some food and rest first. Then we’ll tell you in detail what happened during your absence. The captain is going to be so happy to see you back!”
The boat is sliding quickly across the waves. I can see the ship’s hull getting closer, looming larger and larger above us with each rowing motion.
“What date is today?” I ask Eric.
“It’s August 20, sir!” he replies, a wide grin blooming on his face.
♣
August 20, late-night — This is the world where I haven’t met Nivit. It is the realm where I haven’t visited the city, where I haven’t learned the local language. Nonetheless, the other two existences remain in my memory as vivid as the current one. And all the knowledge gained while experiencing them stays with me.
As our boat got closer to Excelsior, I fumbled into my pockets and checked my possessions. My coat’s inner pocket still contained my broken watch and the flat wooden box where I kept my notebook. Looking at my log, I could confirm that the written pages were from my second existence. Yet, even here, I was behind the real date by more than a month. Could I have skipped full days during meditation? Did time flow underground at a different speed? Or perhaps the crossing of the whirlpool had taken a long time, despite seeming to last only a few moments?
Now, what about Nivit’s crossing over to Esyon? If she tries to use the balloon again and passes through the Grand Stream in a few days, is she going to end up here, like me? I shall ask the locals. Perhaps someone is going to spot her. She could show up at any time, even tonight. I am also going to check the area around Gold City tomorrow. Maybe she is already back in Esyon. If not tomorrow, perhaps she’ll be here after tomorrow or in another week or so. Nivit is not the type of person to give up once she sets her mind on a goal.
The conflict with the natives ended on June 23. Two main reasons contributed to the onset of peace:
First was the fact that the thirty men from our crew who died on the shore didn’t turn into monsters, as the locals expected to see demons do. They didn’t even cross over to Nosyon but slowly rotted inside the wooden boxes where the city’s dwellers kept them.
Secondly, having his daughter taken hostage during our night attack, the king lost any will to fight and pleaded for mercy. As for the night raid, my squad was the only one who reached the city. The other tunnels extended for miles and miles without any end in sight, occasionally intersecting with similar galleries that no one could guess where they led. Hence, the captain and the other officers returned to the starting location a few hours later.
Just days after my disappearance, Excelsior triumphantly entered the harbor, and the captain signed a peace treaty with the king. The locals would give him the required amount of gold and supply the crew with water and food during their stay.
Princess Nern returned unharmed to her father, and a solemn ceremony was held to honor all the men who fell during the battle. Thirty-two of our crew (with me included on the list) and two hundred and fifty-seven natives had lost their lives that night. Of course, the dead locals were preparing to cross over soon and joined the farewell ritual in their new form. On the other hand, our people, being as dead as anyone could be, could not actively participate in the event. They got buried close to the shore, with the captain leading their funeral ceremony.
The captain gave the king the golden key from the doors that connected the palace to the underground maze. Currently, the locals avoided treading on the paths from that strange network. However, perhaps sometime after our departure, the monarch planned to send a squad of soldiers to explore in detail that mysterious realm.
At this point, our men could already walk freely through Gold City while many Islanders visited our ship every day. The king also offered accommodations for the crew inside one of the barracks near his palace. However, with the occasional exception of some sailors and masters of arms, the captain preferred to keep his men on board, ready for action if something unexpected happened. A few sailors would still sometimes sleep in tents on the shore but never far from the ship.
The captain helped the locals repair their ships and the damage done by our cannons to their buildings. He also taught them general things about our world. The locals were friendly but not truly friends with our crew. While they eagerly tried to learn more about our technology, they always kept some distance. Unlike my experience in Eldor, no close friendships occurred in Gold City. No romance bloomed between the men from Excelsior and the local women, despite some of our crew being quite persistent in this direction.
With fifteen thousand pounds of gold in the cargo hold, Excelsior raised her anchor on July 2, ready to return home. After four days of sailing, the crew saw land ahead and thought it was a coastline from our world. They got a big shock when the new shore proved to be nothing else but the Island, with the gulf-harbor of Gold City opening right in front of them. A second, then a third attempt produced the same result.
All this time, no other ships visited the port. Gold City seemed isolated from the rest of the continent. Even the locals and their libraries only had scarce information about other places.
On August 1, the captain had a long discussion with the king about what kept his ship prisoner in Esyon. The king explained that ships from our realm had only shown up after a storm. And they could only leave this world in the same type of weather.
Well acquainted with the legends about the Island, the captain disagreed: ships from our country had come here in the past when the weather was good. There was a clear difference in perception between the two sides. And no one could explain it. Still, as his three attempts to return to our port of origin had failed, the captain had to agree with the king. He would wait for the weather to change. The locals told him that the first storms usually come sometime in September (if we use our calendar). Until then, not much could be done but wait patiently for their arrival.
In the following weeks, Excelsior’s crew took short exploration trips on the shore. The men mostly mapped and cataloged the coastal areas, sometimes adding notes about the local flora and fauna. The strangest things happened when the ship sailed along the coastline for more than fifteen nautical miles. As soon as they passed a certain point, the shore faded away in a green fog, and the crew found only open sea ahead. After the ship crossed this invisible boundary, the men on board would find Excelsior back in front of the stony decks from Gold City. It didn’t matter that they were keeping the helm straight. Attempting to turn the ship to starboard or port along the course yielded the same result.
Not ready to give up yet, the captain borrowed a local ship and sailed along the coast with part of his crew. However, the same thing happened again when he got about fifteen nautical miles away from the city. This final attempt confirmed what the natives had said: even the ships from other coastal settlements could come here only during the storm season.
Next, the captain focused on inland exploration. The men he sent on short trips found uninhabited valleys surrounded by tall mountains with snowy peaks. Gravitational anomalies were common occurrences. They would see themselves descending when they were climbing or the other way around. Sometimes, the mountain peaks would appear below sea level, but one could easily spot them from the shore. It was the same phenomenon I had experienced when the locals pursued me to the banks of Kai River.
At least as strange as the coast’s disappearance was the natives’ reluctance to venture away from their homes. All their food supplies came from crops cultivated nearby, supplemented by fishing and hunting. Everything beyond ten miles from the city’s outskirts remained virtually unexplored.
For generations, these people only had occasional visitors from the sea (or sometimes visited other cities by ship during the storm season) and knew nothing about the inland. No visitors from distant places came while Excelsior was in the area, either from sea or mountains. On top of that, with her strange landscape distribution, the Island looked like a gigantic creation work in progress. Or perhaps it was an unfinished work of large-scale engineering.
The captain resolved to cast anchor near the shore, moving the ship along it by about two miles each day. From the vantage point, small squads explored the nearby coastal area for short distances. Thus, the captain began working on a map of the region. At the same time, he was trying to understand the geometry of this realm. The day of my return, the crew had finished investigating the side west of Gold City. So far, they had found no traces of people on the lands beyond the city’s edge.
Now they were starting to check the eastern area. Several men were getting ready to row towards the shore and travel a few miles inland. They saw me lying on the beach and came to take me back to Excelsior.
On board, the captain hugged me warmly, as I were his own lost-and-found younger brother. Everybody was relieved to see me alive. In the evening, after a short rest in my cabin and a tasty meal of bread, peas, and fish, freshly shaved and wearing a clean uniform and a new pair of boots, I came to the deck and began to tell my long story. I told the crew how I got lost from my squad, how I ended up living three different existences, and how I found a way to cross back the fuzzy boundary that separated me from Excelsior.
When I finished, the sailors remained silent for a few long moments, their thoughts still immersed in my adventures. Then they began talking, all at once, until the captain raised his hand and made them stop. To check whether I had learned the language of the natives, he handed me a book written in Eldorian and asked me to read from it. I could read it as easily as my notes and quickly translated the text for everybody.
The text was a poem, written a few generations ago, about the impossible love between a man who came from the sea and a local girl who became sick and left this world for Nosyon. The allusion to my situation was obvious. The men laughed but without malice. The captain nodded approvingly and gave the book to a sailor to take it back to his cabin.
Several men, including the captain, could now fluently speak the local language. Everyone from the crew could hold at least a basic conversation in it. The language is called Ameno in Gold City. Its name has no meaning for the natives, and no one knows its origin. We are all puzzled how much it resembles many of the tongues spoken in our world. Then it’s also the easiness of learning it, due to its regular structure and logical build.
While filling the cargo bay with gold was easy, taking local books back to Earth was a different story. The locals treasured their libraries and only reluctantly agreed to give our crew a few volumes in exchange for one of our portable telescopes. Fortunately, they allowed our men to copy their texts. And this was how many of our crew were spending their time inside the city.
The tall towers in the city had been used as defenses for centuries, sometimes even against invasions from above. Like in Nosyon, no one knew who had led those invasions. The captain climbed one of the towers and examined the coast with his telescope. Past fifteen nautical miles, the landscape was fuzzy, as covered in fog. Inland, the ridges blocked the view at a distance of six or seven miles.
The captain was excited to learn so many new things about the Island’s interior from me. I shall continue to call it so for continuity, despite knowing now that it’s a continent. He carefully wrote down all the new information I gave him. I told him in detail everything I knew, often double-checking my notes to make sure I didn’t forget something. There was only one thing I kept for myself, after carefully erasing half a sheet of paper from my notebook: my plans for a machine that could help people travel at will between these worlds.
The captain had reached the river himself a week earlier during a short trek with a few crewmen. As it was likely that an incoming storm would open the gate for a return trip to our world, he dropped the idea of an extended expedition along its banks. The crew wanted to be close to the ship in case any opportunity to depart arose.
But now, the captain had me, freshly returned from previously unexplored regions and wanting to see Nivit again in her village. So he decided that a journey deeper inland was worth a try, provided it didn’t last longer than a week. And I was going to be the right person to lead it.
♣
August 21 — “By boat, I can reach the village of Eldor in about three days, perhaps even sooner. The problem is the return trip, for the river has a strong current in the canyon area. It flows with high speed between almost vertical walls. Rowing against it or walking along the river bank are not realistic options. Crossing the mountain ridge and sailing along the coast would last at least a week, provided there is a pass we can use and that we don’t end up in a different world, as was the case during my trek with Nivit.
“I’m not sure sailing is even possible from there to here. We’d probably have to scale the canyon walls and find a path above to take us back. I doubt we can go to Eldor and return in a week. Even two weeks might not be enough, because sometimes weird things happen in the mountains.”
I’m inside captain’s quarters, talking about the expedition deeper inland. He listens carefully to everything I have to say, only slightly nodding once in a while. In any case, a trek along the river is the only path that may work, based on my experience from my first existence.
“Maybe that is the reason people from Gold City never ventured on the river,” the captain says. “Or perhaps some of them did, but as they didn’t come back, nobody ever found out where the river goes. Things are difficult unless you are a bird,” he concludes as his fingers are rapping at his desk.
Then, after a short silence, he changes the topic:
“Alberto, doesn’t this place look to you like something unfinished, like a work in progress? Perhaps like a grand-scale experiment?”
I nod, glad for not being the only one who thought of this.
“I thought so. Yet, who would build entire worlds the way we build ships or cities?” he says, with a preoccupied expression. “What kind of beings can do such things and why? Their power must be beyond measure. Then, why would they link this faraway world to Earth? The people living in Gold City know nothing about the builders of what we call the Island, and the builders of this place are nowhere to be seen. Perhaps you, Alberto, had the chance to communicate with two of them, I mean those who contacted you as the Angel and the Architect.”
“Captain, I am as puzzled by this situation as you are,” I reply. “The more I think about this realm, the less I understand its purpose. But in the end, we can only take things as they are, meet the incoming days and nights one at a time, and hope that someday at least part of this mystery will clear off.”
“I suppose you’re right,” the captain says, lost in his thoughts. “We can’t change the current circumstances, anyway. At least they seem friendly. We wouldn’t stand a chance if such powerful beings wanted to harm us.”
After another short pause, he adds:
“You know, Excelsior can carry a lot more than fifteen thousand pounds of gold. Of course, we would need to unload some of our weapons and ammunition.”
I know, fifteen thousand pounds is an amount well below the capacity of our cargo bay. But I also know the moral principles of our captain. He would never ask for more than what he thinks is right. So, I say:
“I suppose you thought this was fair compensation for the damage and loss of life inflicted by their attack, sir?”
“That’s right,” he replies.“When we arrived and their king began talking about trade, I was unsure what we could offer them in exchange for their gold. Most of our cargo consisted of weapons, ammunition, and some food supplies. There was no way I would have given them our weapons, and everything else was of little value. Somehow, what happened next was God’s will, and thus I could ask for a fixed amount of gold that would be enough to make us rich without discarding anything, but not so much that it would affect how our vessel sails. We still need to deliver the weapons and the ammunition to the Northern Fort, you know. There has to be a balance in everything.”
“Your decision was wise, sir,” I say.
The captain goes on:
“Those superior beings who built this world, if they are watching us, and something tells me they do, must have seen our behavior. Perhaps my choice also contributed to their benevolent attitude. In any case, I’d like to think that this is the case.”
He stands up, goes to the window, and gazes outside for a while. My gaze follows him, sliding towards the coast of this realm that defies any rational understanding. Then he turns to me and switches back to the previous topic:
“The wind here changes direction regularly, blowing from the ocean to the land during the day and from the land to the ocean at night, the same way it does on most coastal locations on Earth. What if you let the wind carry you for a trip inland?”
“Am I going to become a bird, sir?” I reply, looking at him with a puzzled expression. A moment later, I grasp what he means.
The simplicity of the idea is striking! Why not build a hot air balloon and ride the wind to Eldor, then go back when the wind’s direction changes? We could reach our destination in less than two days and return in about the same amount of time.
“You mean to use a balloon?” I say.
“That’s right,” he grins. “How else could the wind carry you? Let’s begin building one tomorrow. You already have the necessary experience, and I think you can make it fly in a few days.”
I leave the captain’s cabin some minutes later, eager to start working on the new project. As I begin giving orders to the sailors assigned to help me, I feel a shiver of fear. Nivit hasn’t crossed into Esyon yet. I’m in a strange situation: preparing to visit her village, and, at the same time, still waiting for her arrival here.
♣
August 22 — The next day, our work begins in earnest. We decided to build an airship large enough to carry five people and sufficient food supplies for four or five days. We have some of the needed materials on board. The rest come from the city.
The construction of our balloon progresses rapidly. Most sailors are working around the clock to finish it. Yet, we shall need another three days until our craft is ready to lift off for the trip inland. Two square sails tied to long poles will act as a rudder so our airship can change direction under the wind. A small coal stove with a tall cylindrical chimney made of steel will keep the air hot inside the spherical canvas. I plan to take two more men with me on this journey to the village of Eldor.
There is still no trace of Nivit. Excelsior’s crew and many people from Gold City keep an eye on the coast and the inland hills. They’ve promised to inform me immediately if they spot in the area a person resembling her.
August 23 — When I don’t have to supervise the work myself, I prefer to spend one or two hours wandering inside the city, for the first time in this existence. I enjoy walking the streets at random. I like to examine the buildings and the exotic gardens spread among them as I pass by local men and women. I have already visited several times the small shore cemetery where our people are buried. Among them, I’ve found two stones marking empty graves: the one belonging to the first lieutenant and mine.
Because I was the person who conducted the successful raid that took the princess hostage, many locals treat me with deference and respect. Last night, the king invited me to have dinner at the palace. Perhaps I forgot to mention it: this city of twenty-five thousand people has no queen. Shortly after Nern’s birth, the king’s consort secretly left this land for an unknown destination. No other woman took her place.
Princess Nern was present there, too. I was surprised by how much she looked like Nivit. Yet, behind a striking physical resemblance, her gaze was cold and distant, coming from an entirely different person. On the surface, she displayed a polite smile. But she must have hated me for kidnapping her during the war with Gold City.
At the evening feast, I shared my story with the people from the palace. Their astonished looks were clear proof of the powerful impression made by my adventures. When it was time to leave, I stood up and bowed slightly towards them. Everyone rose from their seats and bowed deeply in reply, except for the king and his daughter, who only smiled and nodded.
I apologized to the princess for the kidnapping and asked her to forgive me. Finally, she produced a genuine smile, and some of the icy cold sparkles coming from her eyes melted away. Perhaps not now, but someday in the future, I think we could be friends.
I visited the city library this morning and browsed through the myriads of books filling its shelves. However, none of them could give me any information about the origin of this civilization. The situation from Eldor and Nosyon repeats here: I found no clear records older than two hundred and fifty terrestrial years. I wonder who is taking so much care to remove them.
The massive gold statue standing in the central square embodies a famous king from the past, Isador. He reorganized the city administration and repelled an invasion launched by a mysterious enemy from the sea. The invaders had weapons that imitated the sound of thunder and could instantly kill from a long distance. The natives saw them as demons. If an invader died, his corpse gradually turned into a hideous creature. The good part was that when killed, the monsters were as dead as the people they possessed. Hence, they did not put the locals in any more danger. And this is how the legend about the demons took shape.
Perhaps that’s why in Gold City and Eldor, people are afraid of thunderstorms. The natural discharges of electricity are considered weapons used by evil spirits to prevent travelers from reaching their destination. Many prefer to turn back when encountering such a storm. At the same time, those who continue their trip and manage to finish it are highly respected and admired.
I’m still waiting for Nivit. My love, where are you now?
August 24 — There are no horses in this world. Cows, sheep, goats, dogs, cats, or chickens, so common on Earth, are absent, too. There are no mice or rats, either. The Esyonians don’t have any livestock or animals used for work, not even to carry heavy burdens.
I still wonder how the locals moved around all the needed construction materials when this city took shape. No one could give me any satisfactory answer. Perhaps it happened the same way the pyramids and temples from Egypt or Babylon were built so long ago? However, there were hundreds of thousands of peasants or slaves who did the hard work back then. The population here is not big enough for such accomplishments through manual labor. This is another mystery that probably is not going to reveal its answer any time soon.
I have seen the theatres, concert halls, and temples of these people. Their religion is better organized than in Eldor, but describing it in detail is beside the purpose of my journal. In the temples, individuals who had finished their life cycle were sometimes preparing to pass through the metamorphosis and cross over into Nosyon after they emerged from their cocoons. However, most people who die cross over from the forest at the city edge that I have visited during my night walk alone in my first existence.
I have also entered their grocery stores and taverns, their schools and military academies, and even their famous gold mines, located only six or seven miles away from the urban area. Yes, this is a strange and exotic world, but it has many things in common with Earth. Sometimes, I think, too many. As if it wanted somehow to copy our civilization. As if the people here wanted to become more like us with every generation. As if they planned to change until someday they can be exactly like us, they can be us.
Every morning, I walk along the coast to the spot where I have emerged from the water, hoping to find Nivit standing there with a smile blooming on her face. Yet, each time I step on the fine sand, only the foamy waves come to meet me. My crew and many people from the city also keep checking around for any sign of her. Taking a boat and using a stone tied at the end of a long rope, I probed the sea for the bottomless well that brought me here. However, I found nothing. It’s obvious the crossing worked one-way only.
♣
August 25 — We have finished the preparations. The balloon is already floating in the air since morning, tied to the gunwale near the stern. It was named Robert, after our previous first lieutenant who was killed by an arrow during the tragic fight of June 13.
The other day, the jewelry masters from the city repaired my watch. It looks and works like a new one. Now I can tell the time again and schedule my work more efficiently. Thierry, a young midshipman, and Sim, an armorer, will accompany me on this journey. They both speak Ameno satisfactorily and are good at drawing. I expect them to help me map the land and make detailed sketches of the visited places.
We lift off at dawn from the ship’s deck and quickly rise to almost a thousand feet. The weather is good, and the wind pushes us gently towards the shore. The green scenery of the coast is spreading below. In the south, the blue ocean is sparkling in restless shades of silver. The golden roofs from the city shine brightly in the west. The Kai River is already visible ahead. As the coast fades behind, Excelsior and her crew salute our balloon with loud cheers and cannon shots.
We don’t plan to visit the city from the far north, mentioned by the Eldorians I met in my first existence. The round trip to it would take at least two weeks. In the meantime, the first storms may come, and with them, the opportunity to return to our world. If we miss this window, we may have to wait a year for the next chance. The crew wants to go home as soon as possible. Perhaps in the future, when Excelsior or another ship visits this world, someone will map a wider area of the continent.
The balloon passes over a thick forest. Then we release some air and make it descend above the Kai River. From here, we need to turn right to follow the stream. Expelling small amounts of air and pulling our attached sails, we stabilize our flight above the water at an altitude of about sixty feet. After that, we lower into the stream a metal plate tied to a pair of long ropes. It is going to keep our movement direction stable. The wind, reflected partially by the mountain ridge, pushes us farther along our new course with a velocity of about ten miles per hour.
How different is this journey from my first trek along the river bank! Sick, hungry, and tired, I was faltering on the northern bank, searching for food, trying to find a shelter for the night, not knowing what to expect the next day. Now, the three of us can relax and look at the landscape while the balloon takes us quickly to our destination. With this speed, we are likely to reach Eldor by tomorrow night. Of course, my trek has never happened in this existence. But it is as vivid in my mind as all the other memories.
I close my eyes for a moment and think about the village. When we reach it, what shall I tell Nivit if I find her there? Probably she will not recognize me, for we have never met in this existence. What words can I say to this bright woman? That I want her to come with me to my world? However, is she going to be the same Nivit as in the other reality?
There is enough coal on board for about four days of flying. Beyond this, we’ll have to use dry wood collected along the way. The captain wants us back on board Excelsior in no more than a week. As I write down my notes, Robert keeps advancing above the river’s waves, between the tall walls of the canyon.
After sunset, we add more coal to the fire, soar higher, and land on the canyon’s upper edge from the left side of the river. We shall rest here for the night. The surrounding landscape displays a flat plateau covered by scattered patches of vegetation. We throw three anchors over the surrounding bushes and release part of the air from the balloon. Then we tie the canvas globe down to the ground so the wind can’t drag it away. In the morning, we shall need only about half an hour to resume our flight.
♣
August 26 — It takes longer than expected to fill the balloon with air in the morning. We resume our flight around 10. At noon, we leave the canyon behind and come to the picturesque region where the village of Eldor lies. A few more miles on, the wind begins to blow from the front. We can’t stir the balloon towards our destination anymore, so we release the air and fold up the canvas globe.
For the next four hours, we cut down several trees and build a sturdy raft. Then, with the balloon packed up on top, we continue our journey downriver. At dusk, we haven’t reached the village yet. Thus, we have to set our camp in the wild for a second night.
August 27 — Our raft floats downstream all morning, and we spot the first signs of human activity around 11. Thirty minutes later, the buildings from the village appear ahead.
The Eldorians are surprised to see our raft coming from upstream but happy to have new visitors. I already know everybody, but these people haven’t seen me yet in this reality. So, not wanting to shock anyone, I introduce myself and my friends. Then I wait politely to hear their names, even though I already have all of them committed to my memory.
To my surprise, Eori and Nivit are missing. When I describe them, I get surprised looks from the locals. Eori and Nivit never existed in this reality. A garden covers the plot of land formerly occupied by their house. In this life, Nadar is also the village physician. There is no Nivit in this world and, there is no cure for my pain.
We spend two days in the village. I talk to the people and copy some of the texts from their books. At the same time, many locals write down information about our world. There is little else to do here. I decide to return to Excelsior the third morning. With part of the coal already burned, Robert is lighter and can carry two more people. Thus Etin, the village chief, and Nadar, the scholar, decide to accompany us to Gold City. They will return home in a canoe that will carry them downstream on the Kai River.
August 29 — The Eldorians take us back to the canyon in a large boat. A dozen men pull the oars on each side, making the return trip upstream shorter than expected. It is already late afternoon when we see the familiar cliffs. The villagers are excited to watch us taking off, as they have never witnessed such a thing before. We fill the balloon with hot air and wait until evening for the wind direction to change. Then we soar above the rapids and proceed back towards the shore while waving goodbye to our friends below. As the night falls, the full moon rises, shining bright in the sky. It makes the balloon stirring almost as easy as in the daytime.
My crew-mates and the Eldorian passengers enjoy the flight to the fullest, chatting happily and pointing to various landmarks. Yet, despite the beautiful scenery from below, my soul feels empty. There is no Nivit in this world. Even if I meditate and cross into Nosyon, I am not going to find her there. Or perhaps I’m living in a dream? Maybe everything I can see, hear or feel now is a dream? Then, everything I have seen and felt in all my alternate existences was also a dream? A butterfly’s dream?
♣
September 2 — I don’t know what else to do from now on. In a week or so, we might see the first storm. We are going to ride it, hoping to sail all the way back to Earth. It seems kind of strange, but none of the natives from Gold City offered to come with us and visit our country. Maybe they are too attached to this place and don’t want to risk being forever separated from their home. Still, Nivit wanted to come with me regardless of the risks, and so did some people from Eldor in my first existence.
Etin and Nadar spend most of their time inside the city. They sleep in one of the inns near the harbor after refusing the king’s invitation to stay in his palace. The two men are fascinated by this place and plan to open a commercial route between the urban center and their village. I’m genuinely curious about it. Will the new route scale the canyon’s walls? Or maybe it will use an underground passage that has yet to be discovered?
The villagers intend to return to Eldor in a couple of days. Perhaps they will leave before our ship sails away from this place. The king has already given them a large canoe for the journey back.
If I resolve to stay on the Island after Excelsior’s departure, I can take my time and search for Nivit. However, if she does not exist in this reality, I may spend months stranded here, never seeing her again. To return to my world, I’d have to build a small ship myself, then wait for new magnetic storms to arrive in about a year.
Will such a ship survive the elements? There is no way I can make it as sturdy as our brig. Who knows, if I don’t leave now, something might prevent me from doing so later. On the other hand, by returning with Excelsior to Earth, I’m afraid I might come to regret the lost opportunity of being reunited with my love.
She said: “I know you will find me again, no matter where I might disappear.”
I must do something to bring her here from a Nosyon that’s part of another reality. As I went through the eye in the sky, I saw Nivit being pushed back towards the ground. Maybe the balloon got damaged and had to be repaired before its next flight. Somehow, deep inside, I know she survived. Then, after the necessary repairs, I’m sure she will try again to cross over.
However, where is she going to emerge if her crossing is successful? Could it be the same place where I came back to this realm? Or could it be someplace far away from here? Maybe even a different reality?
I can’t count on Nivit arriving by herself in Gold City or any other place I can reach. The best course of action for me is to return to my world. For the time being, anyway. Then, I shall look for a way to come back. I’m going to build a machine that can open a bridge between our worlds.
♣
September 5 — The flow of time continued unabated, oblivious to my pain. Etin and Nadar left this morning for their village, their canoe full of gifts from the city and our crew. They’ve promised to return in a month or two. Most likely, Excelsior and I won’t be here to meet them again.
We sent the balloon on more exploration trips in the past few days. Even the captain took part in one. However, these flights were all within twelve miles from the shore, just beyond the other bank of Kai. All the explored areas were uninhabited and filled by mountain ridges. A few crewmen drew a detailed map of the coastline from the air, as well.
I did not take an active part in any of these new endeavors. Instead, I asked to be temporarily relieved from active duty. I spent most of the time meditating and praying on the shore, near the spot where I had emerged on August 20. Twice a day, I would climb one of the towers, exploring with my portable telescope the city’s surroundings. I kept trying to find a clue about what had happened to Nivit before Excelsior was going to set sail back to Earth. At night, I slept in a tent on the beach, still hoping against all odds to see her unexpectedly appear, like a mermaid, from the waves.
I tried to restore my connection with the Angel or the Architect, hoping to receive an answer to my burning questions. Alas, I could never reach them again. Each time one became one with the Universe, one would only feel one’s mind expanding, boundless, between planets and stars, with no Nivit anywhere.
September 6 — My hopes are fading, dying like yellow leaves falling in late autumn. Nivit is not going to emerge from Nosyon on this shore anytime soon, if at all. Either the crossing point has moved, or she could not cross over yet. Waiting here, near Gold City, won’t help anyone. Duty requires me to sail to Earth, but I shall come back to the Island. Deep in my heart, I know someday I’m going to find Nivit again. I only need to be patient, to believe in our future together.
September 7 — I returned to active duty and began helping the crew with the final preparations for the journey back. Dark clouds have been already gathering near the horizon since early morning. A storm is brewing nearby. Even though Excelsior is still anchored at the quay, the crew spends most of their time on board. They are allowed only shorts visits to the city.
As soon as the storm reaches the shore, our vessel will move into the open sea and prepare for her return journey. With fifteen thousand pounds of gold inside the cargo bay, we are all rich. Most men plan to come again to the Island, maybe each with his ship. This realm is a fascinating place that many would like to explore in more detail, hoping to become even richer from trading with it.
September 10 — The days are getting shorter. The autumn equinox will occur soon. We have already said goodbye several times to our friends from Gold City. Each evening seemed to be our last here, at least until the day we might eventually return, only to find out in the morning that the clouds covering half the sky had quietly faded away overnight. Nonetheless, this afternoon a storm looks ready to hit the coast. We can see flashes of lightning piercing the waves far away in the open while drops of rain hit the deck.
I went to the shore for the last time, taking a walk near the spot where I returned to Excelsior through the whirlpool. I was still hoping to see a miracle, holding onto the unrealistic expectation to find Nivit emerging from the gray waves. However, like in all previous days, only the wind and the sand welcomed me.
Three weeks have already passed. It looks like Nivit could not cross over. Or maybe she did but ended up somewhere far away from here. Or perhaps she emerged inside another reality, a reality beyond my reach. There is nothing else I can do. I have to accept my fate and return to my world. With my share of gold, I am going to buy or build my private ship. I shall sail back here as soon as I can open a bridge. If needed, I’m going to spend the rest of my life searching for my love.
It’s time to go now. I have to leave this world but shall continue to pray for our reunion. So far, God has not answered my calls, but who can fathom His plans with me?
The captain orders the anchor raised. We leave the harbor with all the sails up, aiming for the cyclone’s eye. Soon, the rain starts pouring hard while the compass is already rapidly spinning. I got hold of the helm (the captain bestowed me this honor), and I’m steering our vessel over the furious waves. I never thought I would see the day when I’m actually relieved to encounter a magnetic disturbance.
“Just do everything you can to keep her afloat,” the captain shouts behind me under the deluge of rain. “All that matters is to get to the other side. There, orientation will present no difficulty. Sooner or later, the clouds are going to scatter, and we shall have the stars in the sky to guide us if the compass still won’t be properly working. Our stars!”
I nod, then turn my head back towards the city for a silent farewell. And for a moment, I have the feeling that a diffuse sphere of green light is shining on top of the closest tower, surrounding a person with the arms held high. I open my mouth to tell the captain about my vision. But it’s already too late: the light has faded, and the darkness has swallowed the tower.
9 p.m. — We have already reefed most sails. The storm has turned into a powerful hurricane. Excelsior is shaken hard by the furious waves, its prow cutting like an ax through the dangerous blackness. While fighting the gale, we came close to losing two sailors overboard when a big wave crashed unexpectedly over the deck. Luckily, they managed to grip the hawsers bound to the mast and saved themselves from certain death.
Shaken by the amplified rolling of the ship, some men suffer from seasickness. This time I’m doing fine, for I only have a light stomach indisposition. As I hold the helm tightly, I think about Nivit. Maybe she has already died, and soon I’m going to join her in the afterworld. Perhaps this time, Excelsior is not going to survive the violent siege of the elements. It would be a cruel stroke of fate, indeed. When we all got so rich, to drown in the middle of the ocean, together with our gold.
September 11, 10 a.m. — The sea is calm. Our vessel has only suffered minor damages. All men on board survived with no serious injuries. The compass is stable, and the Sun rose from the expected direction for the first time in months. Its present diameter is also right. The sky above is blue, without any trace of green. As I’m checking the Sun’s coordinates, the man from the observation platform shouts:
“Whales at starboard!”
Excelsior changes course to observe them better. I’m thinking of Nivit again. How could I find out where she is? What happened to her? Perhaps I can get in touch back home with the scientist who has discovered that a pulse of electricity destabilizes a compass. He could help me build a machine that generates magnetic disturbances and lightning bolts. Then I shall use a part of my gold to equip a ship with it, sail to the location where the first storm had caught us, and try to return to the Island.
Yet, even if I succeed in my enterprise, there is no Nivit there. Unless I want to marry princess Nern, provided she and the king agree, I’m not going to see any familiar face to remind me of my lost love. And no: I don’t want Nern by my side. I want to spend the rest of my life with Nivit. What should I do? What can I do?
She said: “I know that you will find me again, no matter where I might disappear.”
Once more, the memory of her words is filling my heart with a cluster of thorns. And this pain is here to keep me company for a long time to come. Yet, I have already decided I shall never let it kill the glimmer of hope that still lives inside me.
Half an hour after the cetaceans were spotted from the top of our mast, the ship comes within close range of a pod containing ten humpback whales. The gentle giants react to our presence by diving deeper and swimming rapidly away, most of them in directions almost perpendicular to our course. After a few minutes, the captain orders the vessel back on her previous route. In the meantime, I do a few quick measurements of the Sun’s position. I smile: I have already pinpointed Excelsior’s latitude on the map.
♣
With every passing hour, our ship is sailing closer to her harbor. The symphony of the waves reverberates in soft tones among her sails. And I can feel the scent of autumn in the air.
A wet wind is blowing onto my face. I stand at the bow, gazing in the distance at the fuzzy horizon line. My lungs are slowly moving up and down like a pair of butterfly wings. They are breathing in and out the glorious dance of the atoms from our world. At this moment, the whole Universe is breathing in and out with me. However, my heart feels empty, unable to join the celebration.
In three or four days, we shall cast anchor in our home port. The men are going to see families and friends who have thought us dead for the last three months. Most will receive good news, but some will have their hopes shattered, for thirty-one of our crew are gone. Their bodies are rotting away in the shallow graves from the Island, just outside Gold City. Except for Robert, who got buried at sea.
As for me, I doubt anyone from the city was worried about my absence. All my friends and relatives dwell far away from here. Nivit, who is my only family now, has crossed over into a purgatory-like world. And now she lives inside a reality different from mine.
No arms will hug me when I return. No one from the city will shed tears of joy at the news that I’m alive. I shall find only a modest apartment near the central square and an ocean of solitude. Without Nivit, the riches I’ve brought from the Island are useless.
I take a deep breath for a moment, then get back to my most recent thought. Perhaps all this gold is not going to be that useless after all. I shall employ it to build a new ship and find a way to return to the Island.
Nivit never doubted my ability to find her. Maybe she knows me better than I do. Therefore, I can’t let despair win. I can’t betray such a deep trust. I only need to have more faith in God. I only need to believe in the power of love while arming myself with strength and patience. When the time is right, the answers will come to me.
In the slow rolling of the ship, I stretch my arms to the sides, like a pair of wings. I close my eyes and become one with the wind. I’m soaring above the masts, above the ocean, higher and higher. And in the meantime, my lips continue to whisper, like a short prayer, her name.
upsilon

 

And so, my adventures on the Island came to an end. Time flew slowly and painfully after our return. Even though our government took possession of more than a third of our bounty, all men from Excelsior became rich. We were to receive more money when the texts we had copied and translated in the Gold City’s libraries got published. Life changed. Our story became famous, told on the streets and in theatres, written and rewritten countless times in newspapers throughout the country and abroad.
Because of that, I had to fight off the excessive attention of the public for a while. Then, finally, new topics got the interest of the press, and my life could return to normal again. Sort of normal, anyway. Motivated by our financial success, many ships tried to reach the Island, intending to start high-profit commercial enterprises. They all failed.
With so much wealth in their possession, most men from my ship resigned from the navy. Some began new flourishing businesses trading goods across seas and oceans. But no one could go back to the Island. Since our return, the bridge that had enabled our journey to the other side stayed closed.
Even those who patiently waited for a storm near the crossing coordinates, hoping to ride the angry waves to Esyon, failed. They found themselves each time on the same side of the mirror and on the same ocean. Never again was a compass disturbed at those coordinates. No gates opened towards the shore from the other realm.
The weeks became months. The lake of time that separated us from the moment of our return turned into a sea. The world understood that another trip to Esyon couldn’t happen any time soon, if ever again. The adventurers dreaming of unimaginable riches, or those just thirsty to explore new realms, gave up on their quest one after another. The Island had become, once more, just a legend.
And then a scholar came with a new idea. He was convinced that our journey to the Island never happened. Excelsior had encountered a storm that took her off course and stumbled upon an isolated island. There, we found and dug up all the gold. Perhaps the treasure had been buried by pirates who plundered it centuries earlier from Africa or South America.
Our announcement that the gold came from an honest trade with the Island was a clever move. It nullified any chance for other countries to claim the treasure was stolen from them. And, of course, all the ships that supposedly had visited the Island in the distant past did the same thing. That place had never existed.
Our enterprise took at least two months, for we remelted some of the gold and removed any distinctive traits that could help one track down its source. Then we wrote all those notes and stories about the Island to make our account credible. To make things even more convincing, we fabricated a few artifacts that supposedly came from there. The thirty-one missing people must have died of illness or perhaps lost their lives in accidents.
The scholar did all he could to make his ideas known. He held public speeches, wrote articles in newspapers, and even published a book that sold an impressive amount of copies. Not everyone believed him, but some people adopted his views. Of course, there were many unexplained things in his story. Unfortunately, the account of our real adventures was also full of unexplained facts. From heroes and explorers, we became petty opportunists in the eyes of those who now doubted us.
Luckily, the interest in the Island had decreased significantly at this time. Thus, we could go on with our lives without too much trouble. In addition, our government, directly interested in keeping its share of gold, publicly supported our version and threatened with prosecution anyone who dared to slander our names without solid proof. The scholar and anyone supporting him had to back down. But in the end, this dispute seeded enough doubts about the Island’s existence so that the attempts to reach it ceased almost entirely.
♣
As the second in command on Excelsior, I got a significant amount of gold from our bounty. About a quarter of it was more than enough to buy me a large mansion inside the city and three ships still in good condition. I used another quarter to buy a state-of-the-art new brig for my future voyages of exploration and discovery. I baptized it Nivit. What remained got buried inside the cellar of my new home.
One month after our return, I resigned from the navy, too. Soon after that, I opened a new commercial venture, sending my freshly-bought ships to faraway places in the south. I began trading tools and textiles for spices and exotic fruits. This business soon turned into a consistent income source. But the new riches gave me little comfort, for I still could not find a way to step back into the other realm and be together with the woman I loved. With my spirit numb, I was living as in a dream. I existed now inside a place where nothing felt real anymore.
Besides gold, I had brought from the Island several light globes and began using them to illuminate my bedroom at night. They worked fine for a couple of weeks, then the light source from inside slowly faded and died. Filling their interior with new wood fragments did not make them shine again, and I could not find another way to bring them back to life.
Without expecting much of it, I sent a detective to Canton. His mission was to check the whereabouts of Mei Hsing. He found out she had moved to this city from China seven years earlier, indeed, opening a store there soon after her arrival. It had been named Three Wheels and used to be quite successful for the first twelve months of its existence. Then the store closed, and nobody knew where Mei Hsing had gone. A few people from the neighborhood thought she might have left for Tibet because she had often expressed her intention to move there. Yet, nothing was certain.
A journey to Tibet was beyond my envoy’s means. It would have been risky without an appropriate guide and required too much time and money. The detective found no other leads and came back to me with this news. In the same unexpected way she came into my life in 1794, Mei Hsing had now faded out of reach. She had dissolved inside one of the remotest parts of our world, distant and mysterious like a comet.
Old memories finally surfaced back into my mind, and I recalled my conversations with Mei Hsing at her store. She had told me that she came from Tibet. If that was true, Mei Hsing was unlikely to be her real name, for it did not sound Tibetan.
Soon after my return, I tried to contact the scientist who had investigated the effect of electrical pulses on magnetic fields. I knew he had worked on extensive experimental setups that produced and stored electrical charges in large amounts. He had also tried to come with an improved theory of electricity. To my surprise, I found out he’d been dead for five years already. Luckily, I succeeded in buying all his manuscripts from his widow, who lived in my city.
In 1733, Charles François de Cisternay du Fay stated that electricity comes in two varieties that cancel each other. In most situations, they appear mixed in equal proportions inside objects, plants, animals, and people, thus making them neutral. However, if you stroke a cat with a dry hand in the dark, you will see sparks of light and hear crackling sounds. This happens because the cat’s fur and your skin load with opposite types of electricity. Now, if two objects with opposing charges get in contact, they will tend to go to their neutral state. That means there will be a flow of electricity between them.
Furthermore, if two objects with large amounts of opposing charges get relatively close to each other, the flow of electricity that renders them neutral can even cross the air. This migration of electricity charges would look like a spark or like a flash of lightning. Of course, using plenty of cat furs and having many people pet them wasn’t the best method to store a high amount of energy. I needed something much more powerful. And here, the manuscripts I had freshly acquired became quite handy.
The late scientist had been a genius. A life devoted to study and experiments had given him the necessary knowledge to design a machine that could produce lightning at will. Had he been familiar with the legends about the Island? I suspected he had, for his device could generate both electrical discharges and a fluctuating circular magnetic field that would spin a compass needle back and forth. I found among his papers a detailed drawing of his apparatus and began studying it with utmost care.
The concept was simple: A belt made of silk was running over two pulleys. One of the pulleys was surrounded by a hollow metal sphere. Two electrodes, built from comb-shaped rows of sharp metal wires, stood near the lower pulley’s bottom, respectively above the upper pulley and inside the sphere. One electrode was tied to the hollow ball, the other to the ground. The ball could also be charged with electricity by connecting it to a Leyden jar.
The belt carried the positive electricity to the sphere’s surface. A wire linked the lower pulley to a smaller ball. Hence, this ball got charged with negative electricity when the device was active. A handle moved the silk belt. A parallel silk belt, turned by the same handle, had dozens of wires connecting the two pulleys on both sides in a circular loop.
Rotating the handle made the electricity flow through those wires. The current generated a variable magnetic field that made a compass needle spin. The machine stood on a platform made of wood or stone to prevent the electricity flow towards the neutral earth. The comb was an exception, already connected to the ground.
There was an empty spot of about ten square feet in the middle. It enclosed the volume subjected to lightning flashes and magnetic field variations. I figured out from the drawing that this area was just large enough for a person to squeeze in. Everything I saw on the sheet of paper looked too much like a device designed to help somebody cross into a different world. Of course, such a machine would never give the expected results unless running next to a bridge connecting to the other side. Had this man known about such a bridge when he designed this equipment? Had he had the means to find one?
Unsettled by my discovery, I hired a carriage and paid another visit to the scientist’s widow, a respectable woman in her fifties. I had to know more about her late husband’s work, and I wanted to hear it from someone close to him.
The lady graciously agreed to a meeting, and her servant invited me in. Seated next to a low table with steaming cups of fragrant tea, I asked her for more details about her husband’s disappearance. In a calm and slightly monotonous tone, the widow told me his story:
“My husband’s death remains a mystery for me to this day,” she began, her eyes fogged by tears. “The last few years he was alive, he spent most of his time building these machines. He used to be a rich man, with a large amount of money inherited from his father and a flourishing commercial enterprise. Unfortunately, about ten years ago, he began spending his fortune on strange machines designed for experiments that he kept secret even from me.
“I used to pray every day for this folly to stop. His madness began soon after he had bought a piece of land near the southern shore. There, he built a mansion on a high cliff facing the sea. I don’t know if it was something about this place that ultimately brought out his insanity or if it was his mental illness that made him buy that property.
“He never told me what he was trying to achieve and never let me stay there with him. Instead, he asked me to manage our family business from the city while he came here every couple of weeks. In most cases, the purpose of his visits was to take out from our safe another large sum of money and then spend it for his research. All I know about his work is that his machines were quite large and could produce lightning.
“An unexpected thunderstorm hit the coast after sunset, right before his disappearance. It rained all night. Flashes of lightning cut across the sky every minute. The thunders’ noise was deafening. In the morning, the servants, who slept in a smaller building about one hundred yards away, found the house badly damaged and no one inside. My husband was gone. Just like that! Not even a trace of him! The servants appeared in the city around noon and gave me the shocking news. Scared and worried beyond measure, I arrived on the shore in the evening and looked for him everywhere.
“A big hole in the roof of the mansion marked the spot where lightning had struck. I found this peculiarly strange because the building had a lightning rod mounted above. This rod was supposed to protect it during storms! I rushed inside. There was no trace of my husband. In his laboratory, his most advanced machine stood, badly damaged. In the empty area surrounded by the machine’s frame, I found a heap of ash on the floor. The machine was charred. None of the servants could give me a coherent explanation of what had happened because nobody had been inside the room at that time.
“I suppose a flash of lightning, coming either from the storm or from his machine, or maybe from both, burned him to ashes. God had just listened to my prayer. The folly stopped, but my husband had to die to get it fulfilled. How I wish he were still alive, despite his madness! Unfortunately, it looks like death was the only way to end his obsession.”
She finished her story and began weeping. I bowed my head and stared at the floor. Despite my compassion for her sadness, I didn’t know how to react. I tried my best to console the widow, but no comforting words came out of my mouth. In the end, I barely managed to articulate a feeble “I’m sorry for your loss.”
“Is there anything left from his machines?” I asked a minute later, after she has regained her composure.
“Those machines reminded me too much of my husband’s death and our family’s ruin. Soon after he was gone, I called a blacksmith who dismantled what remained of them and took the materials into his workshop. Then I sold the property, too. I’m sorry! There is nothing left. Hopefully, you will be able to rebuild them from my husband’s notes and drawings. You don’t look like a madman to me, and your insistence in understanding his accomplishments makes me think that perhaps his work was not entirely useless.”
I thanked the lady for the new information, wished her all the best, and left the house more troubled than ever. It seemed I was never going to find out what this scientist had been searching for. Nor if he had ever succeeded in connecting to a different world.
Had his machine damaged by lightning been more advanced than the drawings from his papers? Had he found a bridge extending from his newly bought property to the other side? It was too late to find answers to these questions. I could only attempt to rebuild the device from the data contained in his notes. Also, I could eventually buy that piece of land and redo his experiments in the same spot. With these thoughts, I rode back home in silence, oblivious to the noises from the city and the incoming rain.
Four months had already passed since my return. What was Nivit doing now in Nosyon? But was she still in Nosyon? Maybe she had returned to Esyon and was waiting for me there. The hope of finding her again shone like a beacon, pulling me out of my dark thoughts. And it continued to give me the so-much-needed power to go on.
Nivit, my dear, please don’t give up! I’m going to find you again, no matter where you might be! So, please, stay alive for me there, and I’ll get back to you! I promise!
Wait for me! Don’t fade away!
phi

 

I entered my office at sunset. It was a spacious room from the second floor with the windows facing the coast. Here I turned back to the notes that had belonged to the eccentric researcher and began studying them again. Set in chronological order, they were kept inside a pair of thick covers made of dark leather.
The notes filled hundreds of pages divided into personal observations and comments, drawings and calculations, conclusions and speculations. I had already browsed them several times but decided to go through the folder once more. I didn’t know what was suddenly pushing me to do it. Maybe the burning desire to see Nivit again, maybe my fear of losing her forever. Or perhaps it was something impossible to explain that had been awakened inside me by the widow’s tale.
I turned the pages slowly, examining with care their content, reading here and there lists and paragraphs. After a couple of hours, I reached the final written lines. I stood up, ready to put the binder back inside a large coffer where I kept it together with a few other valuables. Suddenly, I realized that the back cover seemed to have a thin pocket in its upper part.
The cut was narrow and well masked, easy to miss by anyone not fully focused on the cover’s texture. I had not noticed it before, despite browsing the folder many times. It didn’t seem to contain anything, but I decided to check it anyway. Contrary to my expectations, my fingertips extracted from the cover’s interior several sheets of paper. They contained a text written by the same hand that had produced the notes already familiar to me. Knowing I had probably chanced onto something important, I began reading it immediately.
♣
Dear Edward,
Before I begin, I have to apologize for not replying sooner to your letter. I hope you and your family are all well and in good health. Please send my best wishes to everybody!
More than blaming myself for this delay, I should probably blame the recent events in my life. However, this message will likely make up for the inconvenience generated by my long silence. I shall tell you a story I have kept secret until now. You, my friend, are the first person to whom I am revealing it.
When you finish reading these pages, I hope you will agree with me about my secrecy on this matter. With this knowledge comes a lot of power. A power that can be very dangerous if it falls into the wrong hands.
Being a trustworthy friend of mine for such a long time, you probably recall that not many years have passed since I used to be a successful merchant and an active traveler. Back then, I owned a dozen commercial vessels that sailed across the world. Besides trade (and you also know it all too well), I had a keen interest in science. I always tried to stay up-to-date with the most recent discoveries and looked for ways to use them in my business. In this spirit, I often visited remote places, doing explorations of my own.
Seven years ago, while on a trip to Egypt, I bought an unusual manuscript from an Arab merchant. I had found his store on a narrow street from Cairo by pure chance. I remember I informed you about it back then, but perhaps I didn’t get into the details of its contents. The book pretended to be a copy of a work written in Antiquity by a philosopher called Elessyos, a disciple of Thales of Miletus. Little is known about Elessyos’ origins, except that he had come to Asia Minor traveling on foot from Jerusalem and remained there for the rest of his life.
The book was written in Arabic, a language in which I can speak only about fifty words. For this reason, after I got back home, I had to pay a good deal of money to an Arab interpreter for having it translated. Another two months had to pass until I could finally access its content. If genuine, this was a real treasure, for no one still alive today has ever heard of this philosopher. Unfortunately, being a copy after a copy after a copy, there was no way to verify its authenticity.
The manuscript described mysterious “bridges” that supposedly can connect our world to a different reality. At first, I didn’t take those claims seriously and read the book as a work of pure fiction. However, two years later, while sailing through the southern seas and passing the Dragon’s Island at night, a bright blue glow suddenly engulfed the top of my ship’s front mast. What I was witnessing was a rare phenomenon, called by most sailors St. Elmo’s Fire.
Looking at the foggy sphere of light floating above, I could see how the sky was filling up fast with menacing clouds. Fifteen minutes later, the glow faded away. A carpet of mist floated now less than three hundred feet high, displaying a most unusual dark-green color. The helm compass was spinning quickly back and forth. Flashes of lightning hit the waves around the vessel once in a while. The accompanying thunders made a low rumbling sound as if an earthquake was occurring deep underneath the waves.
Right before the rain began pouring, a violent flash of electricity hit the ship’s prow. We kept there three barrels filled with dried fish. A moment later, two of them were gone. No damage, no burn marks on the deck, no trace of a lightning strike. The barrels had vanished without a trace. I looked towards the place occupied by them only moments earlier and could not believe my eyes. There was nothing in their stead, nothing to suggest that those barrels had ever existed.
Immediately, it started to rain heavily, the compass stabilized, the color of clouds changed to dark gray, and the storm turned into a typical tropical sea storm. Some of the crewmen got scared by what had just happened and began murmuring about curses and sea spirits. Luckily, I managed to calm them down.
After several hours of struggle with the waves, our ship reached calmer waters and continued her trip without other notable events. Two days later, we arrived safely at our destination. The incident with the barrels felt nebulous and distant already, like something from a dream. Yet, I could not get it out of my mind. I recalled what I had read about those bridges that link different worlds and thought that maybe Elessyos’ book was not total fiction. Perhaps it could help me explain this mystery. When I got back home, I began going through the manuscript pages again, this time paying close attention to all the details. Here is a summary of its contents:
Our world is linked to other realms, located far away in the Universe, through a series of so-called bridges. Nobody can explain why these bridges exist and how they work. From what he had read about them in several historical accounts, Elessyos assumed they were paths made by gods for easy travel between worlds. Those chronicles described unusual disappearances of objects, animals, or people. In other situations, the texts mentioned strange creatures or even exotic-looking humans that would suddenly come into being inside our world for a few hours or days. Then they would fade away without a trace.
Elessyos spent a long time collecting information about these events. He concluded that a bridge would only manifest under specific conditions. Those conditions were determined by certain types of rocks, particular weather patterns, and well-defined landscape geometries.
Being familiar with the observations of Thales on magnets, Elessyos built a primitive compass. It consisted of a lodestone brought from Magnesia suspended by a thread from a wooden frame. The philosopher knew that one of the stone’s ends always pointed towards the north. And so, he began monitoring a location where mysterious disappearances had occurred multiple times in the past.
His focus of interest was an altar on the southern coast of the Black Sea. The offering table consisted of a massive cylindrical block made of whinstone and placed on a rock. It was covered by three thin sheets of copper, silver, and gold. A temple had been built centuries earlier on a neighboring cliff, and a small community of priests and priestesses lived there. The temple was dedicated to Poseidon and close to the shore. Its records described several occasions when food and wine had disappeared from the offering table before the very eyes of the worshipers. The vanishings seemed to take place only during thunderstorms.
Elessyos convinced the temple guardians that he was working on a way of direct communication with Poseidon. Thus, they allowed him to set his compass next to the altar. The scholar knew that amber charges through friction with wool, so he also brought a pendulum with him. It was basically a piece of amber tied to a thread and suspended from a curved stick mounted on a wooden platform.
The pendulum would measure the electric charge of the table before and after the bridge got activated. As expected, Elessyos considered electricity and magnetism as belonging to the same category of phenomena: the first temporary, the second permanent. Yet, somehow he felt (and was right about it) that both of them had to be affected by the factors that sometimes made the offerings vanish.
The scholar discovered a slowly changing electric field on the ground close to the altar. The field’s strength would sometimes increase enough to push his amber pendulum away from the table or pull it towards it. The fluctuation had a periodicity of several hours. In the summer, Elessyos moved to live in the temple’s neighborhood. He made a habit of visiting the altar each time he saw dark clouds near the horizon. He would set the compass and pendulum next to the whinstone block and wait. Then, under a sky sliced by flashes of lightning, he would sit on the grass with his eyes fixed at the food and wine from the offerings.
Elessyos’ wait took fifteen years. One evening of July, when a thunderstorm was brewing nearby, he finally witnessed the bridge activation. The lodestone began to spin back and forth on the suspension thread. The amber pendulum moved to the side, pushed away by the static electricity accumulated on the whinstone block. Then it slowly moved back and angled in the other direction, pulled towards the altar by the opposite type of electricity from the table-top.
While the improvised compass continued to spin back-and-forth, the pendulum kept leaning alternately towards and away from the table every minute or so, signaling a periodic change in the amount and type of electricity enclosed there. This behavior probably lasted a few minutes. And then, suddenly, everything on the table disappeared without a trace.
For the rest of his life, Elessyos tried to build a machine that could generate electricity and reproduce the conditions encountered on the altar when the offerings vanished, but without success. The knowledge about nature’s laws and the technology available during his time were too primitive for such an achievement. His writings were not taken seriously by most of his contemporaries and soon fell into oblivion. However, a few of his disciples gave him the deserved credit and continued to copy his works for future generations.
We are so fortunate that this book got translated into Arabic in the early Middle Ages and that generations of people took good care of its content until our times! I wonder, how many more treasures from Antiquity, perhaps hundreds of volumes from the great library of Alexandria, remain hidden inside humble homes or buried under dunes in that part of the world?
The Arabs of the past deserve our eternal gratitude. They translated and saved the priceless works of the Greeks and returned them to us! It’s too sad that their civilization has lost its former glory and turned into a shadow of itself. Yet, who knows what the future has in store for them? Maybe a new era of reason and rationality will begin soon, with science and technology treasured again in their society. But let’s get back to Elessyos’ book.
From what he had read and seen with his own eyes, the scholar concluded that these bridges are inactive most of the time. They only open during the apparition of a rare type of thunderstorms when magnetic anomalies (or vortexes of permanent electricity, as he called them) appear. Active or not, the bridges are relatively stable in space, manifesting around fixed locations on Earth. The ground potential in these locations is not precisely neutral and can be measured with an amber pendulum. An oscillating charge with a periodicity of a few minutes appears near an active bridge. When the bridge is dormant, the oscillation period lasts a few hours.
Besides Poseidon’s altar, Elessyos discovered two more bridges in Asia Minor. One was near the Parhar Mountains, close to a commercial route of those times. The sage, now in his old age, built a house on its spot. Probably he was hoping to travel someday to another world. A note written by one of his disciples, Seraphios, was attached at the end of the manuscript. In it, Seraphios mentioned the unexpected disappearance of the scholar during a September evening. That happened in the year 520 before Christ. As we know all too well, the Greeks often liked to exaggerate facts when they fit their views, so we shall probably never have a clear idea about how Elessyos left this world.
Times have changed since Elessyos. Our knowledge about the Universe has evolved considerably. Our contemporary technology is way more advanced. And so are our means to detect the bridges that connect our world to other realms. Newly invented instruments can accurately measure electric and magnetic fields.
For precise measurements of electric fields, Charles-Augustin de Coulomb invented the torsion pendulum in 1777. His pendulum was made of an insulating rod with a metal-coated ball suspended by a silk thread tied to its middle. This thread worked like a weak torsion spring. The bar’s rotation angle would reflect the force acting on it. Coulomb’s experiment determined how electrical charges interact with each other. Thus, this ball would receive a determined quantity of static electricity. Then, another ball, charged with the same type of electricity, would be brought near it. The two balls would repel each other, and the silk thread would get twisted at an angle that could be read on a scale, thus determining the force between the balls.
A drawing from Coulomb’s memoir (published in France in 1784) was all I needed to build an almost identical apparatus. For my experiment, I connected the control ball to the ground through a copper wire. The rotating bar would receive a well-determined amount of electricity by putting it in contact with an object already electrically charged. That could be something like a patch of leather rubbed with a piece of wool fabric.
When setting everything in place, the bar would keep its initial position, with no torque on the silk thread. However, if the device got placed in a location connected to another world, I expected to measure a non-neutral oscillating ground charge that would propagate into the sphere. This charge would interact with the bar and make the torque slowly increase up to a measurable value. It would then go back to neutral, then move to the opposite direction, and so on, with a periodicity of a few hours. Of course, these phenomena might only occur if Elessyos’ observations were correct.
Soon, I began searching for places corresponding to the description from Elessyos’ book. Traveling around the country for almost three years, I identified forty-three such possible spots. None of the first thirty-eight displayed the slow oscillation of the electric potential that would suggest the existence of a bridge to a different realm. My list of locations was becoming shorter and shorter, and I was already thinking about expanding my search to other countries. However, fortune smiled at me in the end: the thirty-ninth point had all the necessary qualities.
It was on the southern coast, in an easy-to-reach but relatively secluded area. Also, it was not that far away from my home. I bought the property rather cheap and soon proceeded to build a mansion on it. At the same time, I was looking for the most recent books about electricity. If I could generate flashes of lightning and a rotating magnetic field at will, I could perhaps reproduce the circumstances needed to activate such a bridge. I would not have to wait for a thunderstorm that might take many years to come by. The house got finished in a few months, and I began my experiments in earnest.
After many trials and errors, I discovered that a current flowing through a wire rotates a compass needle. Hence, an electric field generates a magnetic field. When the electric field changes, the magnetic field follows suit. This effect proves that electricity and magnetism have the same nature. Perhaps we should call it electromagnetism.
I talked about this finding to a few scholars from my city’s university in a short presentation, showing them how an electric pulse can destabilize a compass. Unfortunately, I could not explain why and how this phenomenon happened. In the end, my experiments didn’t generate much interest, and I decided to delay their publishing until I understood them better. Well, I think my work was still briefly mentioned in an electricity textbook published by the university a few months later.
I suppose it will take a mind brighter than mine to explain how electricity can change into magnetism. Who knows, maybe it’s also possible to change a magnetic field into an electric field. Unfortunately, my attempts in this direction have not been successful so far. Anyway, this is not a big deal, for my current interest is more on testing these bridges than about discovering new laws of nature.
Using what other people already knew and combining that knowledge with my findings, I finally came up with a method to produce both flashes of lightning and a circular magnetic field. After a tremendous amount of work, I succeeded in building the first functional prototype this year. Then, exactly one week ago, an extraordinary thing happened: I could make small objects disappear at will from my laboratory. Where did they go? I have no idea. I suppose there is only one way to find out: doing the same experiment on myself. I still have hesitations about where I might end up. Nevertheless, at some point, I’m going to try it anyway.
When you cross the ocean and come to my city again, please visit my new house. I want to show you my accomplishments. And, I beg you, don’t tell anyone else about what I have written here. Even my family doesn’t know anything about the contents of Elessyos’ book. It’s still too early to make my recent discoveries public.
Your dedicated friend,
Leon
♣
Was this the original unsent letter? Or was it a copy? I suspected it was a copy, for there was no date in the text. Or perhaps Leon had delayed sending it, expecting to come up with new findings soon and intending to include them in the message. He could have written the pages around 1790, shortly before his disappearance.
Had Edward received Leon’s message? And who was this Edward anyway? Did Leon truly die during that storm? What if he had succeeded in making the crossing to Esyon? But if that was true, why didn’t I hear of him during my trip there? Who knows, maybe he had ended up in that far-away city or even in another world? The more I dug into this story, the deeper the mystery became.
There had to be dozens, perhaps hundreds of bridges around the world. Did they all connect to the Island? Maybe some crossed to different worlds? Also, why was the color of the halo blue and not green when Leon witnessed the disappearance of the barrels? Then, what about the deep rumbling noise?
For a while, I considered another visit to the scientist’s widow. She probably could have given me Edward’s address. However, after some thinking, I decided she had told me all she knew about her husband and his experiments. It seemed Edward lived on the other side of the ocean, anyway. If I remembered right, Leon had two daughters. But they had been married for years and lived far away from the city. So there was no way they could be familiar with their father’s experiments.
Another idea that crossed my mind for a moment was to ask the widow about Elessyos’ book. Maybe she had found the tome after her husband was gone. But if she hadn’t told me anything about it, why would she do that now? In any case, I already knew pretty much all I needed to know about the bridges connecting our world with other realms. Also, it was unlikely the widow was familiar with Elessyos’ work. So, I chose instead to focus my time and energy on creating the machine that eventually could take me back to Esyon.
My initial plan had centered on building an electricity generator from the available drawings. After that, I was going to install everything on the deck of my brig. I would sail to the latitude and longitude where the magnetic storm had caught us, running the machine in that spot. Back then, I thought this was enough to help me cross over into the other world. However, Leon’s letter filled my mind with doubts. I realized now that finding the precise location of the crossing point was not going to be easy. So, I decided to try a first series of tests on the shore, at least until I could make sure that my device was functional.
Inquiring around, I identified the place where the scholar had bought the property from the southern coast. Five years had passed since the incident described by Leon’s wife. The ruins of the mansion were still there, surrounded by a dozen of old oaks.
I already had built a torsion pendulum that could measure tiny electricity fluctuations. I brought it with me when I came to investigate the location. I spent a whole day in the area, carefully doing and redoing measurements. It looked like the bridge was still there, right in the middle of the damaged walls.
At that spot, the pendulum began to oscillate when I connected it to the ground. I measured its period to be about two hours and thirty-five minutes. Moving away from the ruins of the house, I could still detect this variable electric charge up to a distance of twenty-five yards. That meant the bridge had a diameter of about one hundred and fifty feet.
♣
The current owner sold me the land with everything on it for a reasonable price. I got the mansion quickly rebuilt, for I had plenty of money. Inside my new home with no neighbors for more than a mile and with the ocean within sight, I began working on my electricity generator. To save time, I paid a few craftsmen to manufacture the machine parts and deliver them to me. Then I assembled the pieces inside a spacious hall.
I installed two turning handles to operate the machine: one from inside if I wanted to do the crossing myself, another from outside to be used when I intended to send an object through. The whole enterprise was far from smooth, including countless trials and errors, with many parts replaced and remade.
After more than a year and a half spent building the machine, I was finally on the verge of making it work. Now, when I could generate inside a small volume surrounded by wires something similar to the magnetic storm that brought me to Esyon, I knew I was ready to return. Soon after that, my notebook of personal thoughts and impressions became a log again.
♣
August 2, 1797 — My electricity generator can reproduce a magnetic thunderstorm in a volume just large enough to fit a seated person. I have already made various objects disappear, but I’m clueless about where they end on the other side. I fastened them to the floor with a long rope hoping to pull them back. It didn’t work out. The line was jerked hard and immediately broke. The force acting on it must have been tremendous. Attaching myself with ropes to the floor and checking where the other end of the bridge opens is unlikely to work. My body would get torn to pieces.
I’m worried about where I might end up if I try the machine myself. Maybe it’s a safer idea to avoid doing this experiment here. It might be best to put everything on a ship, use the torsion pendulum to identify the bridge on the ocean, then try to cross over from there. Of course, even the “safer” idea would involve many risks, risks I should like to reduce as much as possible if I want to have a realistic chance of succeeding.
If I can make the electricity generator work at the previous coordinates, I can send a single person to the other side. The ship will stay behind, and I shall probably find myself swimming in the open sea, in about the same area where Excelsior had emerged after her accidental crossing. Of course, it would be great to send the whole vessel through. However, this would require a generator way too large, mounted on at least two floating platforms the size of the ship. No one could afford the expense to build such a thing, and I doubt it would ever work.
Given my situation, having an external and an internal handle would be very convenient. I could send a little boat ahead to keep me afloat until I reach the shore. If the waters are calm, I may only need to row for a day or two until I get to the Island. I haven’t spotted sharks or other dangerous predators in those waters, so I suppose nothing fierce would attack me. Under normal circumstances, I should eventually arrive safely at Gold City, my destination. The only dangerous thing I could encounter would be the bad weather.
So, what is the best course of action? Should I try to cross over into the unknown from inside my home? Or maybe I should return to the sea and attempt the experiment from the same spot where Excelsior had reached the other realm more than two years ago? Of course, I’m impatient to return. But it’s risky to attempt it here, for I don’t know where I shall emerge. On the other hand, the main impediment of the sea attempt is the high accuracy needed to pinpoint the location. Still, this land bridge was quite handy for my enterprise: it allowed me to test my machine.
I know I need to be within twenty or thirty yards from the center of a terrestrial bridge for a successful crossing. This precision is impossible to achieve at sea, even with the best available instruments. What makes things worse is that we never had a chance to precisely determine our location when Excelsior crossed over.
By the most optimistic estimates, I could pinpoint my location within two or three nautical miles. Thus, I should have to sail back and forth, combing the water around the estimated spot until my torsion pendulum detects the bridge. The seawater electrical charge might be small, and I might have to redo the passes several times if I happen to sail by when its value is close to nil.
In conclusion, I shall have to check a vast area that could stretch over dozens of miles. It may take weeks until I find the coordinates of the crossing point. Besides, are the ocean bridges as stable as the ones on land? How do I know they don’t change location in time? What if the bridge is not there anymore? Looking from the bright side, maybe the ocean bridges are larger. So, they should also be easier to find. Perhaps it would be enough to pass within two or three hundred yards from the terminus point to detect it.
And so, my mind continues to sway back and forth between the two available options. The crossing from this land location seems much easier to do. It’s right here, in front of my eyes. However, I might emerge far away from my intended destination. On the other hand, the sea bridge would most likely take me close to Gold City. Therefore I wouldn’t have to dive into the unknown. But can I locate it?
The moment of truth is closing in. I need to make up my mind soon.
♣
August 5 — It’s close to midnight. Or so it seems, anyway. I just woke up from a fuzzy dream. A full moon shines outside, filling the room with silvery light. The shadows of the oak branches from the garden are moving back and forth over the ceiling. And I can feel a foreign presence nearby. An entity radiating peace and trust is watching me. My body is numb. Yet, when I think of rising into a sitting position, I move upwards with eery ease. I turn around and see myself lying on the bed, eyes closed. Am I awake or asleep? A moment later, I realize I’m dreaming. And I know the Angel has returned.
His melodious voice beams from the halo of light, skipping any greeting:
“You want to go back to the Island. It looks like you hope to cross over by using your electricity generator. But what are you going to do if the tunnel takes you to some other place?”
Of course, I have no answer to his question. This issue has been haunting me for weeks already. So I reply:
“There is no way for me to know my destination before I finish the journey. And I can’t succeed if I don’t try to reach the other side of the bridge. I wish I had a better option, but I couldn’t find it so far.”
“This crossing point won’t take you to Esyon. You’ll have to set sail for the location where the magnetic storm caught Excelsior two years ago. Moreover, if you want to cross to the right place, it’s important to channel your thoughts on the destination and free your mind of any material things. So, please pay attention to what I’m going to tell you now and follow my instructions precisely.
“Begin by selling everything you have, including your commercial ships, the house in the city, the mansion here, and all your other valuable possessions. Your brig should be the only personal property left. Transform all your fortune into gold and add to it the remaining quantity brought from the Esyon. Place all of it in a large coffer wrapped in three successive thin layers of copper, silver, and gold.
“By thin, I mean something with the thickness of a bedsheet. The coffer should have the shape of a cube, with each side twenty-eight inches long. Of course, you can use part of your gold for the layer surrounding the coffer. Wrap the coffer in a large coil of wire. The wire has to be silver, circular in section, with a diameter of one-fifth of an inch. It should be wound into a spiral around the box exactly twenty-three times, covering the sides along the entire length of the coffer.
“There is a small island south of here. They call it Dragon’s Island. The name comes from a big rock on her shore that looks like a dragon head. You probably remember it from your navigation classes at the Military Academy. The place is a barren rocky outcrop less than a mile long, used by ships as a reference point. It has a cave on its south-eastern shore, under a rock that looks like a cat’s head. The cave is buried under a layer of sand. I suppose you may have to dig for a while before being able to enter it. Nobody else knows about the cavern. You will install the electricity generator inside, then place the coffer in the middle and launch the machine. The coffer is going to disappear.”
The Angel’s instructions are strange. Why would I want to get rid of all my fortune? Is this a payment for my incoming journey? Does he want the gold back? Fine, I’ll give it back. So, I say:
“If this can help me reach the Island, I shall be more than glad to do it. I can return with an even larger amount of gold. I wouldn’t even call it a financial loss.”
“The gold doesn’t matter,” the Angel says. “What is important is that you free your mind. Selling your fortune and sending the gold back is the best way to reduce your connections with the past. It’s better than giving it away. With a free mind, your chances to cross into Esyon are going to increase significantly.”
“Then I’m fine with it. I’ll send the gold away. Shall I be ready to cross over after I do this?”
“There is one more thing to do. Place all your notes, from the other side and from the time spent here after your return, all the realities you lived in, described in detail, inside a cubic box eight inches in size. If some parts from the Island adventures are missing, you have to fill in the existing gaps. Don’t leave aside anything important.
“Add notes until the last moment, including the coordinates of the cave from Dragon’s Island, what you did with the coffer, and our discussion here. Insert them in the box the way you placed the gold inside the coffer. That means you should wrap it in three successive thin layers of copper, silver, and gold. Wind up five times around the box a silver wire identical to the one for the coffer. With the generator back on the ship’s deck, you can go to the latitude and longitude where Excelsior’s compass was perturbed more than two years ago and attempt the crossing. However, don’t forget to take the box with you when you start the generator for your departure.”
The Angel fades away before I have a chance to ask why he is helping me. I wake up in my bed, drenched in a cold sweat. The final part of his indications was weird. Why not just take the notebook with me as it is? Something tells me that the metal layers and the wire loops will send the coffer and the box to a specific place. But where? And why? The Angel didn’t give me any information about it. It’s already too late to ask him. I suppose it’s best if I do what he asked. His request sounded pretty much like a test of faith. In time, I’m confident I’ll find out the reason for sending my fortune and my notebook away through these bridges.
I expect to be ready for my trip shortly before the end of this month. Even though the price will be low, I can probably sell my possessions in a couple of weeks. At the same time, I shall manufacture the layers and wires, as requested by the Angel. There is little left to do about writing down a detailed account of my adventures. I have already filled the gaps from my log soon after my return from Esyon. A new notebook contains my story from all my three existences, written in detail.
chi

 
 
Be the butterfly  
and then let me be Chuang Tzu’s  
heart lost in a dream  
 
Matsuo Bashō



 
August 20 — The days seem to pass faster as I’m doing my final preparations for a new journey to Esyon. I have already sold my house in the city. Now I only have the mansion that encloses the land bridge left. The sea is less than half a mile away from my windows, with Nivit anchored in a gulf nearby.
I’m busy preparing the ship for the journey while making the final arrangements about getting rid of my remaining possessions. If I want to be done with everything before I leave, I need to sell what’s left well below the market price. Well, who cares about money, anyway? I certainly don’t.
Do I have a realistic chance of success? Can I go back to Gold City? I don’t know. But there is no way to find out, except sailing to the place where the sea bridge links our world to the other realm and running my machine there, with me inside it. Another busy day is coming to an end. I need to get some rest.
♣
I’m floating inside a blue liquid. I vaguely remember I’ve dreamed of such a place before. Where am I? I try to turn around. The liquid immediately pushes me upwards until I break its surface. My lungs are filling with fresh air. The endless ocean surrounds my body, shining brightly under a cloudless sky.
Foamy waves splash into my face, preventing me from seeing clearly. The dissolved salt stings my eyes and nose, and I often have to hold my breath to keep the water away from my lungs. I’m looking for a patch of land, so I can reach it and rest on the shore. I’m wearing only a pair of short pants and have no idea how I ended up here. Fortunately, the water is quite warm. I keep searching, slowly swimming in a large circle while the Sun is just rising from the red-blue horizon.
Soon, I notice a rocky platform glittering in the east, perhaps only one hundred yards away. Adding more energy to my strokes, I move towards it. The white rock stands less than two feet above the sea, and the contour of a human shape is visible on top. The Sun’s disc surrounds it from behind with a blinding halo of light. I can’t see who is there yet. I keep swimming, closer and closer.
I reach the rock and drag myself onto its hard surface. Then I walk around the platform’s edge, turning around until the Sun does not hurt my eyes anymore. Now I can recognize the person from the white rock. It’s Nivit, standing in front of me.
My love is wearing a shiny white robe made of silk, her dark hair flowing freely over her shoulders. A wide smile shines on her face. She radiates peace and beauty like an ancient goddess.
With my voice trembling from excitement, I cry: “I have finally found you, my dear!”
“Yes, you have,” she says. “But it’s only in your dream.”
A volcano of bitterness erupts from my heart. I swallow hard, and my eyes fill with tears. This scene is not real. It’s only happening inside my mind.
“So this is only a dream after all,” I whisper. Yet, I can’t stop myself from going on: “Are you well? Where are you now?”
“I’m only a mirror of your imagination,” she replies, shrugging. “I can’t help you with any information about me. Anything you want to know, you will need to find it in your heart. And in your heart, you already feel that I’m alive somewhere, waiting for you. Alberto, I’m so glad to see you again, but you can’t stay here any longer. You need to wake up! Now!”
I step towards her, but the platform, the sea, and the sky shatter into millions of pink rose petals. The world dissolves into a dark blue color that gradually fades to gray. My eyes open. I’m back in my bed.
A blue light coming from a full Moon floods the room through the tall windows. Despite the night being so quiet and peaceful, I feel something is wrong. For an instant, I glimpse a shadow bouncing up and down in the trees nearby. The shadow disappears to the right, getting closer to my office. I think I hear a window opening. This can’t be good. I have to check what’s going on in the other room.
I always keep a loaded handgun at hand in case an intruder tried to break in. I reach for the weapon and grab it tightly. Noiselessly, I get up from my bed and tiptoe towards the office. Barefoot, dressed only in a linen shirt and a pair of pants I use for sleeping, I open the door slowly and slide inside as quietly as possible.
A dark shape is bent over the coffer that contains Leon’s documents and the notes from my trip to Esyon. It’s trying to open it. However, I always keep it locked. The key stays under my pillow at night and in my pocket during the day. Behind the stranger, a window frame hangs open. The shadow, unaware of my presence, takes out a knife and begins working on the lock.
I raise the gun. My voice shatters the silence:
“What are you doing here?”
Startled by my words, the shadow freezes for a moment. Then it slowly turns in my direction. The thief is slim and relatively short, entirely dressed in black. A boy, perhaps. A hood covers his head, and a scarf hides his nose and mouth, leaving only the eyes visible. He looks at me intensely, hesitating, not sure what to do. Then he seems to make up his mind, for he closes in.
Perhaps he thinks I’m not going to shoot. With a quick extension of his right hand, he attempts to thrust the knife into my chest. His move is too rigid, too easy to see for someone experienced in hand-to-hand combat. I decide against killing the intruder. If I can disarm and tie him up, perhaps I could find out why he is here.
I turn right, taking a quick step back and to the side before the knife has time to reach me. A slightly curved blade flashes in front of my face in an upward stabbing motion. I kick the wrist of the armed hand with my left shin. The knife flies off and lands on the floor with a clang. I glimpse surprise and fear in the intruder’s eyes as I step in. My right elbow hits his head hard. The stranger lets out a high-pitched grunt of pain and tumbles down.
I take another step in, ready to grab his arms and pin him face down. But he immediately comes back to his senses, jumps on his feet, and rushes to the open window. I plunge after him, trying to seize his legs. My hands only catch the air. The thief is gone. Standing at the window, I peer into the night, trying to find where he went. It’s too dark to see anything. I close the window slowly, alone with my questions.
From now on, the coffer is going to stay next to my bed. All the windows from my house will be firmly closed and the door locked while I’m asleep or absent from the building. My servants will also guard the mansion when I’m not at home, with loaded guns in their hands. And, of course, I shall keep my documents locked in the iron safe from my secret cellar.
♣
August 25 — I couldn’t find out who had tried to force open the coffer that night. The only thing left behind by the thief was his knife. Its blade and handle looked quite common. One could have bought it from any store or market in the city. Also, there was no way to make sure the thief knew what was inside my coffer. Perhaps this was just an ordinary burglar who thought he’d find gold and jewelry in my house.
The story about our journey to the Island is not a hot topic anymore. After all the failures experienced by other ships who tried to open the ocean bridge, the attempts to repeat our feat have almost disappeared. But perhaps some of them thought about a way to recreate the storm themselves. And, because they don’t have access to Leon’s notes and know nothing about Elessyos’ manuscript, they can’t do that. Well, no one knows where that book is now. And I don’t even know if Leon’s letter has ever reached Edward.
Did anyone spy on me lately? Perhaps they even attempted to infiltrate among my servants but failed to access the information they wanted. And now they tried to rob me. I think I should stop all these thoughts from roaming through my mind. I shall attempt to return to Esyon soon, and that’s all. Who cares about the others?
I do not need the descriptions and drawings of the electrical machine anymore. But now I’m worried into whose hands they might fall after I leave. I’ve made copies of all the documents. They are in my attorney’s office and will be handed to my captain from Excelsior if I don’t come back in a month. As for Leon’s folder, I’m going to place it inside the coffer. Maybe the notes will reach the Architect, and he will make a wise decision about what to do with them. Somehow, I feel this might be the case. His plans with my gold, I don’t know what they are, and I don’t care about them.
I stand up and walk to the window. The sea is glistening in the late afternoon Sun. I turn around and look at my desk, then at the books from the shelves. I come close to the tomes and pick Chuang Tzu’s works. I open it at random as if an answer to my questions might reveal itself there. I haven’t read these pages in a long time. My eyes fall on the following lines:
The knowledge of man is not as ample as his ignorance; the time since his birth is not as long as the time when he was not yet born. When one makes use of the small to understand the great, the result is utmost confusion.
I close the book and hold it close to my chest. What I know is almost nothing, indeed. But it’s all I have, all I ever had, perhaps all I shall ever own. So I’ll make use of it the best I can. And I’ll place this precious volume next to my notes when I try to cross over.
The thief has not returned since the incident that took place five days ago. Perhaps I’ve scared him badly enough. Was he a boy, indeed? Or could that be a woman? I shall never now. A second attempt to break in would be significantly harder, even if he brought accomplices along. My home is now well guarded against anyone who might try to enter it uninvited.
Almost two years have passed since I came back from the Island. I had the chance to see how large the Universe is and found true love on the other side. I’m finally ready for another journey. If my machine works as expected, I shall cross over to Esyon soon. Nivit, my fast and sturdy brig, with a crew of twenty-five men I can trust, will take me initially to Dragon’s Island. Then we shall sail to the coordinates where Excelsior encountered the magnetic anomaly on June 12, 1795.
The new owner will take possession of this house in three days. I have received half the money in advance. The rest will be deposited one week from now into an account under my name, supervised by my attorney. He will use that money to pay my crew if my crossing is successful. I don’t have anything planned in case of a failure.
The few friends I still have live far away from here. They must have heard of Excelsior’s adventures. I haven’t sent them letters and haven’t received any. None of them visited my city during this time. If I can come back from Esyon with Nivit, I shall tell them my whole story.
The machine is already inside the cargo bay. I have modified the hold so that the deck above it can be opened wide and exposed to sunlight. The air must be dry near the generator, or the electric charge won’t accumulate on the silk belt and the metal spheres. Water, even as mist, is a good conductor of electricity and will rapidly dissipate any electrostatic charge nearby. I hope I’ll have sunny weather when I run my apparatus at sea.
On board, the ground connection will be replaced by a long copper wire with its far end immersed in the ocean. I need a calm sea and a sunny day to generate electrical discharges and a magnetic field strong enough to open the bridge. I have finally sold all my possessions and transformed them into one hundred and sixty pounds of gold. I have sealed everything inside a coffer built and prepared precisely as the Angel requested.
I expect to find high humidity in the cave from Dragon’s Island. For this reason, I plan to set up around the generator a dozen torches that can burn for a long time without producing too much smoke. They should make the air drier when I attempt to send the coffer to the other side. I have prepared for this trip as well as I could. Hopefully, I have anticipated all the possible problems that may show up. I leave tomorrow.
August 26 — In this weather, we’ll probably need about two days to reach Dragon’s Island. It’s a beautiful summer morning. The wind blows from the stern, and the ship slides quickly above the waves. I pray with all my heart that everything works as planned. I have told my men I’m investigating a bunch of magnetic anomalies in that area. A good understanding of them should give me the needed information about the coordinates where a ship could cross towards the Island. The crew can come along with me on my trip to the other realm if I find a way to make Nivit cross the bridge. A trip to the Island would make anyone rich. So, the men are full of enthusiasm.
Although there is some truth in our trip’s purpose (kept secret from everyone except Nivit’s crew), my electromagnetic generator is way too small to transport an entire ship to Esyon. Nobody knows that all my gold is on board, and no one has any idea about the real purpose of my stop at Dragon’s Island. To make things less suspicious, I inserted the coffer wrapped in silver wires into a large spherical shell made of brass. Now it looks like part of the machine. Because the sphere with the coffer inside weighs over three hundred pounds, I have mounted it on a platform on wheels.
I told my crew I had to place the sphere at some distance from the generator. I planned to measure how the magnetic field changes as it gets closer to the electrostatic machine. The changes would help me estimate the size of the sea bridge that links our world with Esyon. Leon’s documents supposedly suggested the existence of such an anomaly on Dragon’s Island.
Inside the cave, I could more accurately “measure” the intensity of the Earth’s magnetic field and any anomalies affecting it. The electrostatic generator will act as a sensitive and precise “detector.” After I finish my “measurements,” I shall take the coffer out and place it inside the generator. That would be the final test. If the bridge is still there, the coffer is going to disappear. Officially, the coffer contains lead, which should have about the same weight as gold. Well, my men don’t know about the coffer inside the sphere yet.
I intend to “detect” the hidden cave when we sail close to Dragon’s Island. Then we shall dig out the sand and uncover its entrance. The electrical generator and the sphere containing the coffer will be carried inside. There, I shall start my “measurements” at night. The absence of the Sun from the sky is supposed to improve the accuracy of my data.
The presence of other people inside the cavern is also supposedly going to generate too much interference. Hence, I shall send my men aboard the ship for the night. As a final test, I shall take the coffer out and bring it inside the generator to test the bridge functionality, making it disappear. That’s for the case when someone sees me doing it and raises questions. As long as my people don’t know the coffer contains gold, there is nothing to worry about. They will follow my instructions and won’t be tempted to take over the ship and steal the fortune deposited inside the box.
August 28 — We reached Dragon’s Island this morning, as expected. Soon after Nivit began circumnavigating the shore, I took the torsion pendulum on the deck and “discovered” unusual oscillations when we passed Cat’s Head. The ship cast anchor nearby, and we set foot on the shore after about fifteen minutes.
We began digging a long trench under the landscape mark mentioned by the Angel until a sailor’s shovel went all the way through, falling inside. One hour and a half later, with a large amount of sand already removed, we enlarged the hole to a size of more than seven feet. It was already afternoon.
The cave was spacious, with the ceiling over ten feet high and reaching horizontally inland for about twenty yards. The sea waves had dug it over millennia until the sediments had clogged its entrance. A thick layer of battered sand covered the floor. The interior was relatively dry and warm: perhaps the Sun heated the rock above. Still, it looked like the highest tides could reach the cavern’s entrance during powerful storms. Unloading the generator and the sphere from the ship and carrying them inside kept us busy for the rest of the day. My men made the work easier by pushing the generator and the sphere slide through the entrance over a pair of long steel bars.
With the generator in, I used the torsion pendulum to check the proximity of the bridge. It was close to the far end of the cave. At my indications, my men placed the machine on that spot. A long wire soon connected the generator to the sea, used as a reference of neutral charge. By doing so, we avoided digging a hole in the hard floor of the cave. The sphere was mounted on the wheel cart and set about ten yards away from the machine.
At sunset, everything was ready. I thanked my men for their hard work and dismissed them until the next day. I told them I needed precise measurements of the magnetic field anomalies during the night. The crew had to stay away from the cave, for their proximity would affect my data. The men were happy to comply.
August 29, 4 a.m. — In the evening, I stood outside the cave and took several sets of pretended measurements with the torsion pendulum and hand compass. From there, I could discreetly check if anyone was spying on me. Then I returned underground and got some rest for a few hours.
I woke up at two and ignited a large circle of torches around the generator to reduce the air moisture. A large canvas covered the generator to keep the humidity away. The fabric also prevented a clear view of what I was doing inside the machine if someone hidden near the cave’s entrance tried to spy on me. I brought the sphere next to the generator and let the coffer slide out of it along the steel bars previously used by my crew. After some pushing and pulling, it reached the central chamber of my apparatus. Then I took a break and wrote in my notebook a short description of my work so far.
It’s almost five in the morning when I write these lines. The coffer, with the silver coil wrapped around it, is ready for its final trip. Or so I should like to think. The cave, heated by torches, seems reasonably dry. I take off the canvas and begin rotating the exterior handle of the machine. The air fills with static electricity. Soon, a mildly stinging fragrance hits my nostrils, like when a storm is brewing nearby. I hear crackling noises and glimpse faint bluish sparks around the silk belts.
The crackles become more intense a few minutes later. Small electrical discharges connect intermittently the two spheres, each time for a fraction of a second. The torsion pendulum is slowly twisting back and forth while the compass needle is rapidly spinning. The bridge should be activating inside the generator. To make sure it’s there, I keep turning the handle for another half a minute. The coffer should be gone by now. I stop, lift the canvas, and take a peek inside. The coffer is still there. I have failed to send it away.
5 a.m. — My machine is not doing its job. I pace back and forth for a few minutes, thinking about the present conditions and my experiments on land. Soon I find out that a tiny difference does exist. There is something wrong with the orientation of my electrostatic generator. The alignment of its field relative to the Earth’s magnetic field looks switched by about ninety degrees. Perhaps the Earth’s field, as weak as it is, has disrupted the bridge activation.
I push the coffer along the bars back inside the sphere and move it away from the generator. Then I use one of the bars as a lever. I lift a corner of the wooden support of my apparatus. I rotate the machine by a few degrees with every move until its alignment is the same as during my successful attempts from a few weeks ago. Finally, I slide the coffer back inside and turn the handle again, with the edge of the canvas lifted, so I can see what’s going on there. The metallic spheres charge once more with energy. A few seconds later, electrical discharges appear between them for a second time. The coffer inside flickers as if getting ready to disappear but stays there.
After a minute, I realize I’ve made another mistake. A horizontal cylindrical coil surrounds the coffer, which means its orientation also matters. I turn the box until the cylinder is parallel with the magnetic north-south direction, then go back to the outside handle, setting the generator in motion for the third time. After just a few turns, the coffer vanishes without a trace. My muscles hurt from all the pushing and pulling, but my work here is finally over.
♣
I’m sitting on a low cushion in a spacious room that looks somewhat familiar. There is a large go board in front of me. It’s made of kaya wood, with black and white stones covering some of its intersections. It looks like I’m playing with white. The game is already in its middle stage, and no one seems to have a clear advantage. However, to me, black’s position looks slightly better.
I have a big group with no eyes in the center that is in danger of being captured. I have to connect it with my group from the lower-left corner. However, the path needed to link them looks tricky, and I’m unsure where to place my next stone. I need more time to think.
My gaze drifts upwards for a moment, curious to see my opponent’s expression. Perhaps a furtive glance from his eyes could give me a hint about the best available move. To my surprise, the person sitting on the other side of the board is Mei Hsing. She is wearing a long golden robe, like the members of the Chinese Imperial Family. I look around and find out that we are playing this game inside her store.
Mei Hsing holds a red fan in her right hand. She opens it, and two characters, written in elegant calligraphy, flash in front of my eyes. They mean perseverance. Mei Hsing smiles and says:
“Well, what do you think? A bridge over a wide strait needs a strong supporting base in the middle. Why don’t you examine the board more carefully?”
I turn my eyes towards the goban, but the board is gone, replaced by a blue sea. My two groups have become islands. The black stones have turned into ships that sail back and forth, preventing me from building a bridge that would connect my pieces. However, I see an empty spot in the middle and cast my stone there. A bridge begins to grow from it towards the two patches of land until it touches them. Now, the two places are connected. The ocean and the islands fade away. The scenery turns back into a board of go. My groups are safely linked. There are still gaps, but the connection cannot be broken, no matter what black tries from now on.
“See? That was not so hard,” Mei Hsing says. “You only need to go north-south, and your ship will reach the bridge soon. Congratulations! You have won the game!”
I try to say something in reply, but I feel a hand gently squeezing my shoulder from behind. When I turn around, the room has vanished. I’m alone on a narrow beach, facing the sea. The Sun is rising above the hazy horizon. It is a bit larger and paler than how it should be. I’m not supposed to see it with the naked eye, but somehow I feel it.
I realize I’m back on the Island. The white towers from Gold City are shining bright in the west. Again, I feel a hand shaking my shoulder from behind, then my eyes open inside the cave from the Dragon’s Island. I see the captain’s face looming above me, with an eyebrow raised inquisitively:
“Have your night measurements gone all right, sir?”
“Yes, everything is fine,” I state. “Let’s get out of here and test the ocean bridge.”
♣
2 p.m. — My men came back to the shore at sunrise and saw me deeply asleep. They let me rest for a while, then woke me up at eight o’clock. I told them that my measurements had been successful and that a bridge was here, too. I had tested it, sending the coffer filled with lead through it.
As soon as they heard my words, the crew wanted to see how the bridge worked. I placed a boulder inside the generator and made it disappear a few minutes later. The men stood there like statues for a few moments, unable to say a word. Then a sailor asked why I had to send the lead through the bridge. I decided to disclose part of my secret. I told the crew about the Angel and his request to send him a coffer full of lead with a coil of silver wrapped around it. Then I improvised, adding that this metal was very precious in their world. I had sent it through as a gift to the Architect of that realm.
Once we reached the bridge from the sea, the Architect could help me cross to the Island. As soon as I found him on the other side, I hoped he would assist Nivit and her crew to join me.
“And what should we do if you cross over and nothing occurs after that?” the captain asked.
For the last few months, I had been worried about others trying to prevent me from crossing back to Esyon. It seems few people had paid notice to my activities in and around the city, and no one had taken me seriously. Perhaps except for that thief, who remained an enigma. Now I was as close as anyone could ever be to returning to the Island. There was no point in keeping my plan secret anymore. So I said:
“Wait for one hour. If nothing happens, then you have two options: either improvise some small boats, send them through the generator to the other side, and then cross over one by one, or come back to the port and return some other time. In my cabin, you will find a folder. Its contents describe how these bridges between worlds work and how to detect and use them. If I can make the ship go through, we’ll all come back very, very rich. If I don’t come back to help you, this secret won’t matter to me anymore, and you are free to use it the way you see fit.”
After my short speech, the faces of the captain and the crewmen went pale. The things didn’t look as they had initially thought. We were so close but also so uncertain of success. They knew I wanted to go back to Nivit, for my story was well-known among the crew. But nobody had realized until now that I might cross the bridge alone, ending up on the other side, most likely in the middle of the ocean. Regardless of what happened next, they were going to be paid well and risked nothing. It was I who took all the risks. Thus, the men went back to work without complaining.
We carried the sphere and the generator back to the ship and prepared to continue our trip. We were ready to depart in the early afternoon. Shortly after 1 p.m., Nivit raised anchor and set sail for the location where Excelsior had encountered the magnetic storm more than two years ago. In a stroke of luck, the wind has changed direction, blowing from the south. That means we shall need only three or four days sailing north until we reach our destination.
♣
September 2, 12 p.m. — The coordinate measurements indicate we are in the right spot. Or, in any case, close to it. It’s a sunny day, and the ocean is almost as calm as a mountain lake. Or perhaps like a giant liquid board of go. Am I expanding my stones in the right direction? I shall find out soon.
I tell my crew to wrap up most of the sails. Our speed slows down immediately to about three knots. I test the electric charge of the seawater with the torque pendulum and find nothing. It’s neutral, as expected. We leave a single sail unfurled, and the ship’s speed slows down to less than two knots. I’m getting close to the moment of truth.
Can I detect the crossing point with these instruments? We turn the brig around. Then we begin sliding on a north-south straight line, as suggested by Mei Hsing in my dream. I keep watching the pendulum. I have a strange inner feeling that the Architect might be helping us for real. Who knows, we might be going straight to the desired location. I say prayer after prayer, hoping my intuition is correct this time.
One hour later, the pendulum turns slightly to the side. That means there is a change in the ocean’s electric charge. Was this a matter of pure luck? Is the bridge larger than a mile? Perhaps the Angel or the Architect have guided me here in a subtle way, below my threshold of conscious perception? It doesn’t matter anymore. I have arrived at my destination and should get ready for my crossing attempt.
We stow all sails. Nivit is immobile now relative to the sea, with the prow turned south. I suppose we are still being pulled away by marine currents. But the currents flow too slow here to be easily detected, perhaps at half a knot or less. Hence, they are unlikely to change our location significantly before I start my generator. Hopefully, the ship will stay close to the bridge for a while. For as long as the pendulum remains a bit tilted to the side, we’re good.
I order my men to open the trapdoors from the cargo bay. We wait for about half an hour until the sunrays evaporate most of the moisture from the air. At around 2 p.m., the cargo room is dry. The pendulum is still tilted to the side. I close the doors to avoid any potential water splash if an unexpected gust of wind occurs and prepare for my crossing. I also lit up a few torches around the machine. Now I have enough light and can keep the air dry. The generator’s orientation is correct. I guess I’m as ready as I’ll ever be.
Will my crew be tempted to use the generator when I’m gone? Soon after I see myself in the middle of the waves, I might hear their voices calling from behind. Yet, perhaps not all the men are going to risk this crossing. Anyway, this is not my problem anymore.
In a sealed envelope, I had given the captain written instructions before we began this journey. They instruct him what to do if I happen to vanish during the trip. Nivit should sail to the port and be given into the care of Excelsior’s former captain. He runs a flourishing trading business since he has retired from the navy and will take good care of her until my return. However, this approach was valid before I told them my secret.
Now, I’m not sure what my men are going to do. Unlike me, they haven’t been there. They can’t be sure about what to expect when arriving on the Island. I can only hope that those who remain on board will follow my written request. Yet now, when I’m so close to succeeding, this doesn’t matter anymore. If my crew takes the ship back, that’s fine. And if they don’t, who cares? Probably they will go back to the city, for a generous payment is waiting for them there.
Before making the crossing myself, I place a tiny boat in the center of my electricity generator. It was crafted especially for this mission so it can fit inside. The boat is oval, has a pair of short oars, and is large enough to carry a single person. It should help me stay afloat and move faster over the waves until I reach the coast. There is not enough room for both the boat and myself inside the machine, so I have to send it out first.
I turn the outer handle for a couple of minutes until I hear the familiar crackle of electrical sparks dancing around the metal spheres. My men are standing in the cargo bay, looking intensely at the generator. I nod and smile. A moment later, the boat is gone.
I write down a final note in my log and put it inside the metal box. With my heart pounding, I move into the small chamber and proceed to turn its handle. The sparks are flowing above and around me. The variable magnetic field makes the needle of a small compass from my hand spin rapidly. Oh, God, please help me succeed! I stop for a moment, set the box on the floor, next to my feet, with the coil surrounding it aligned to the north-south direction. Then I begin to rotate the handle again.
psi

 

Mirrors are never perfect.

Seraphios



 

June 11 — Our journey has been quiet and peaceful so far. The sea is calm, and the weather is good. We have a steady wind from the stern and hope to reach our destination in three days. This afternoon, a group of eight dolphins escorted the ship for about thirty minutes. They were jumping in and out of the water, sometimes almost up to the height of the gunwale. I have always felt strange seeing the dolphins being so friendly towards us, humans.
As the second lieutenant on board Excelsior, I am in charge of the crew’s shifts, the weather observations, and any science-related events that could be of interest during our expedition. However, I don’t expect to see anything unusual during this routine trip.
June 12, 10 a.m. — I have just been proven wrong about my previous log entry. At sunrise, the navigation compass began to spin back and forth, becoming ineffective for navigation. It seems we have encountered a local magnetic anomaly and are still under its influence. There is no shoreline in sight. All we can do is keep the helm straight and use the Sun as a reference for our orientation. But the Sun will disappear behind a compact layer of gray clouds in a few minutes, making our task more difficult. Bursts of wind are intermittently filling our sails from random directions. The captain has ordered the chip log launched from the stern for a speed estimate.
1 p.m. — Thunderclouds are gathering from the east. They are pushed by the wind towards us and look threatening. The sea is still relatively calm, but we cannot avoid the incoming storm. Fortunately, the compass has stabilized back.
2 p.m. — The crew is getting ready to face the storm. The men are stowing the upper sails and firmly secure with ropes everything on the deck. The sky has turned dark, but the ocean is still quiet. It looks like of an endless fluid mirror hiding behind its surface an army of angry beasts, ready to charge.
“I see something looking like a small boat at starboard, about two miles away!” the man on the topgallant platform shouts.
“Change course to its location!” the captain says.
The ship turns to starboard and draws a wide arc of foam, closing in. About ten minutes later, we encounter a fragile oval craft floating on the deep-blue water. Sewn patches of leather cover its outer surface. Pieces of canvas painted in black (sails?) and rope fragments are scattered around, gently shaken by the liquid ripples. Next to the craft, I spot a small boat, just large enough to carry a single person, dancing empty on the waves created by Excelsior.
On board, a young woman dressed in a refined green robe sits on a bench alone. Composed and strikingly beautiful, she shines like a star under the darkening sky. The woman is watching us intently as if she had been waiting for us.
The long black hair, the oval face with pale skin, the arched eyebrows, the full lips, and the delicate nose give her an aristocratic and slightly oriental appearance. I can’t make out the color of her eyes from this distance, but somehow I already know they are black.
Her arched neckline connects to a body of perfect proportions, at the same time slender and muscular. I don’t know why I get this feeling, but I think I have seen her before. Or perhaps I have dreamed of her?
As the starboard side of our ship almost touches her craft, two sailors lower a rope ladder. The woman grabs it firmly and slowly climbs towards our deck, barefoot and with a small backpack hanging from her shoulders. My legs move by themselves to meet the stranger. When she reaches the gunwale, I extend my right hand and pull her on board. She throws me an intense gaze, and I instantly feel drunk and dizzy from her ethereal charm.
Reaching inside her backpack, the woman produces a small metal box. Without hesitation, she smiles and gives it to me, as if we have known each other for a long time. I let the box rest on my right palm for a moment, then lift the lid and find inside a notebook and a book. I take the notebook out. On the book cover, a single name shines, printed with thick golden letters: Chuang Tzu.
Are these the translated works of the great Chinese philosopher? This volume has to be a real treasure! However, I’m even more curious to see what’s in the notebook. Its pages are written with a pencil in small letters. It looks a lot like my own notebook. I turn the cover and let my eyes fall on the first page. The writing has a striking resemblance with my own. In fact, it’s identical. And the text begins:
June 11 — Our journey has been quiet and peaceful so far. The sea is calm, and the weather is good. We have a steady wind from the stern and hope to reach our destination in three days. This afternoon, a group of eight dolphins escorted the ship for about thirty minutes. They were jumping in and out of the water, sometimes almost up to the height of the gunwale. I have always felt strange seeing the dolphins being so friendly towards us, humans.
As the second lieutenant on board Excelsior, I am in charge of the crew’s shifts, the weather observations, and any science-related events that could be of interest during our expedition. However, I don’t expect to see anything unusual during this routine trip.
June 12, 10 a.m. — I have just been proven wrong about my previous log entry. At sunrise, the navigation compass began to spin back and forth, becoming ineffective for navigation. It seems we have encountered a local magnetic anomaly and are still under its influence. There is no shoreline in sight. All we can do is keep the helm straight and use the Sun as a reference for our orientation. However, the Sun will disappear behind a compact layer of gray clouds in a few minutes, making our task more difficult. Bursts of wind are intermittently filling our sails from random directions. The captain has ordered the chip log launched from the stern for a speed estimate.
1 p.m. — Thunderclouds are gathering from the east. They are pushed by the wind towards us and look threatening. The sea is still calm, but we cannot avoid the incoming storm. Fortunately, the compass has stabilized back.
My heart is pounding, and I’m getting dizzy. My hands are shaking. I close the notebook and place it back in the box. Unable to speak from astonishment, I raise my eyes towards the woman. I want to ask her: “Who are you?” but my lips can’t move, don’t want to move, because I know somewhere deep inside that I have met her before and that she must be someone very close, very special to me.
Vague shadows of memories are pouring from nowhere, rushing inside my head like startled birds, too fragile to make up their own words but too strong to be ignored. For a long moment, I seem to be in the middle of a whirlpool where several parallel lives converge in dazzling spirals.
A breeze of air brings me back to reality. My dizziness is going away. Our gazes lock. Neither of us says anything. I can see my reflection in her black pupils. And then, deeper inside, her reflection in mine. And again, even farther away, my reflection, then her reflection, then my reflection once more, alternating and going all the way to infinity. Mirror after mirror after mirror, like the song of a heart reflecting itself.
The woman smiles again, raising her eyebrows slightly. She speaks in a pleasant, musical voice, pronouncing the words from my language with a classy native accent:
“I told you, Alberto, that you will find me again!”
Am I dreaming? All my senses tell me I’m not. My legs feel weak, and the giddiness returns. The astounded crew has made a large circle around us, examining the newcomer with unconcealed curiosity.
I turn my eyes upwards and breathe in deeply. Something has changed. The air feels different, smells different. The incoming storm is quickly fading. The dark clouds from above are moving away, shredded by high winds. They are dissolving, leaving behind a serene blue sky.
My gaze drifts again, letting her image fill my soul. For a few moments, it’s quiet, so quiet that I can hear our hearts beating in unison. The ocean, the ship, the crew watching us, everything is frozen in a drop of eternity.
And suddenly, an unusual rain of silken threads starts falling from above.
Epilogue:
OMEGA 
Fragments from the Architect’s Log

 

A gateway towards the future has to cross sometimes the meadows of the past.

Elessyos of Miletus



 
Polidor 122900 — The fabric of space-time is getting restless. Chaotic oscillations are spreading over the current reality, tearing it apart. Lines of universe are converging, fusing into new realities. Four-dimensional spheres are becoming spheres. The spheres are turning into circles. The circles are transforming into dots. The dots are fading away to become void.
And so, the matter, manifested as both mass and energy, is pouring out of its existence in thin spirals of light. Past, present, and future converge to the ultimate Singularity. The mirrors are breaking. Everything is becoming one again.
The journey is closing onto itself. This is the end of time and space, a place where the Universe has become so old that nothing new can happen anymore. It is the edge, the limit, the Final Frontier. It is the death of movement, the destruction of all memories, the disappearance of everything still left to wander through the ether, the demise of atoms, nuclei, and quarks.
Yet, a fragile presence lingers in this heavy darkness, a shadow of a shadow that doesn’t want to go away. It is us, the undecided, the ones who wish to continue the game of black and white, the ones not strong enough, not pure enough, not confident enough to step through the final crossing point. Not yet, anyway. Not now, not here.
Time is fast decaying. Space is dissolving. There is no time beyond Time and no space beyond Space. Nothing ever brought into existence can reach the other side of this all-enclosing door. From here, only the realm of the uncreated, all-powerful, indivisible Creator reigns supreme. On our side of the mirror, the causality laws get broken more and more frequently. Soon, everything will disappear, will plunge into nothingness in a spectacular explosion. After a while, even the last flickers of light will die out. How much longer can we delay our inevitable fate?
Polidor 115567 — Most entities still possessing a mind, a reason, an ego have already crossed the boundary, returning to the Great Beginning. We can’t hang on much longer. The fabric of the space-time surrounding us is gradually melting, shattering into tiny fragments. It is collapsing onto itself, becoming an almost infinite Klein bottle. The whole Universe, or anyway, what’s still left of it, will soon be nothing else but a giant mirror looking upon itself.
Soon, everything left inside this space-time that can still be located and described through words, numbers, or music will return to the Origin, to the all-engulfing end. Those of us who aren’t ready for this final trip search for the last viable geodesics not subject to this implacable law. We look for tracks to lead us to another space and time, where/when we could start anew without crossing the Great Singularity.
Gonden 4650 — A bridge, a quantum tunnel to connect us to a much younger and way more dynamic universe, is necessary for our success. We need, we want, we hope to find an unsophisticated world where we could learn how to be ourselves again.
The twisted slide along the line escaping the moribund Universe took us farther and farther from the Frontier. Finally, we reached a metastable region of the past filled with light, repleted with galaxies, beaming with life. We wandered on giant elliptical trajectories for a while, seeing stars and planets being born and dying, civilizations flourishing and declining. After some waiting, we reduced our speed and chose a small region from the arm of a spiral galaxy where the fabric of space-time was almost flat.
Future and past fused into a new present. Here and now, we are ready to continue our game of black and white. Several water planets with continents and oceans are within our reach. They are unbelievably primitive but also strikingly beautiful. Their inhabitants are still using spaceships to travel from one star to another. Sound waves used for words and phrases combined with symbols drawn on flat surfaces make up their standard method of communication. They have social groups and cities, arts and sciences, religions, and technology.
Here, we can finally return to our roots, to our beginning. But we have to do it quickly. We need to act before we change this place too much. It has to happen before the causality laws start to break and our hypersphere collapses into nothingness, swallowed by a past that still does not belong to us.
Gonden 316 — Two worlds very much alike were chosen for this transition. One has a single sun. The other revolves around the larger star of a double system. The connection with both planets is intermittent. At the same time, our multidimensional environments built to prepare us for the transition are still incomplete and unstable. Flashes of the future appear occasionally, but we can keep their spread under control.
Alfior 293 — More and more of us are relocating inside the transition antechambers, waiting to cross over. Our transformation is slow but irreversible. This is our only path to follow, for there is no other way to start anew.
We shall learn their way of communication and forget our own. We shall embrace new concepts, new ways of thinking, a new way to see the Universe. All those new ways are, in fact, so old that we have to learn them again.
Soon, our advanced knowledge about science and technology will shatter, with no appropriate language to understand them. Soon, we shall forget the end of our journey and return to the initial cycle. We are going to be like them. We shall be indistinguishable from them. Soon, we are going to become them. After enough time has passed, we shall be them, and they will be us.
Alfior 197 — The bridge to the planet with two suns has stabilized. We can start a new life and rebuild our civilization from a different set of roots. Meanwhile, the connection with the single-star world is still fuzzy, yet we need it as a backup if things don’t go as expected inside the double-star system. It will be an alternative, a second choice for most, a first choice for some, including myself.
The laws of causality still break down at random intervals in the vicinity of the single-star planet. However, occasional short visits to its surface are already possible. The local fabric of space-time has reached a reasonable degree of elasticity. Any perturbations below a threshold level are going to be absorbed and neutralized at a larger scale. Still, it’s best if we maintain a cautious approach. A wrong step could immediately send us into oblivion and them onto an unknown, dangerous path. We have to be careful not to draw too much attention to ourselves and stay ready to prevent any change in the course of their civilization. There is still much to learn, and there is even more to forget.
Engder 134 — For a while, we orbited around this world with a single sun, hidden behind our protective invisibility cloak. We could look in detail at their continents and oceans. We could study their mountains and forests, examine their animals and plants, dream of their cities and people. Taking the bipedal shape of the natives, I’ve wandered on those strange realms for long hours. I could observe their rudimentary civilization and its raw beauty. Soon, nothing was more amusing than communicating among ourselves through acoustic signals in some of the many codes used by the locals.
While I record these lines, the others keep crossing through the Gate of Transformation, one by one. They leave our hypersphere, beginning to look like the species from the single sun planet, transforming into them, becoming them.
I shall follow my people soon. Nevertheless, my transformation is going to be incomplete for a long time to come. I am the one condemned to KNOW, even later, because someone still has to guard the stability of the local space-time fabric. I am the one who has to keep the architecture of our structures stable until we shan’t need them anymore. That is the burden you have to carry when you are the Architect.
In the meantime, those who stayed behind have settled down in a new realm of their choice. All these worlds manifest inside bubbles with coordinates parallel to the space-time lines from the single sun. Each is linked to that region many thousands of light-years away. In most cases, we do not interact with the primitives directly. Yet, our structures and the surface of their planet are very close in terms of hyper-distance. In some locations, even moderate surges of electrical charges and fluctuating magnetic fields can activate bridges. And these bridges can be crossed.
Engder 115 — We continue to push our meta-worlds back in time. We have to do this because there is no way to seamlessly integrate our individuals if their society is advanced enough to send spaceships to other planets and stars. Although we are now indistinguishable from them at the cellular level, even sharing the double-helix molecular structures that host their genetic information, we need an even more primitive civilization. We need a world where we can freely walk among the local populations, mix with them, be like them, be them. We have to become them without ever raising suspicion, without ever risking destabilizing their local history.
Inside our structured realms, the others still wanted to maintain a unified pattern of behavior and decided to share a code for communication. They began learning this talk designed by an eye physician during the industrial era of the single sun planet. It was an unusual case of engineered language that gained some popularity during the following decades and centuries. The new language was supposed to be an auxiliary communication tool helping people easily understand each other on almost equal terms. I was initially surprised by their choice but soon began to appreciate it, adopting the language myself.
This so-called International Language is simple, regular, and elegant. Our new primitive minds needed only weeks to acquire and master it. Nevertheless, this code is more than capable of expressing the most complex ideas. On top of that, its structure allows us to build concepts going beyond the existing communication codes.
There are words that we may need someday to further our evolution. We may need those concepts for the time when the Universe is dying again. They will be our maps to our departure spot if we choose to avoid the final Singularity once more. When that time returns to us, what shall we do? Shall we run again towards the past, or shall we end the game of black and white, meet the Creator, and become one with Him, ready for the next cycle?
Gelmit 90 — Our existence inside the multidimensional bubbles of space-time has stabilized. The structured realms have expanded to their projected size. Their external appearance is now indistinguishable from any typical terrestrial planet. We, the entities who stayed behind, are doing the final preparations. We shall soon begin the total transformation and integration into the local civilizations. A few have already crossed the boundary separating them from the target world, but most of us are not ready yet. While we are still here, we also have to keep going through the energy cycles generated by our internal rejuvenation mechanism.
Astior 67 — We have succeeded. Everything works and behaves as hoped, as expected, as desired. The local, artificial framework of space-time does not suffer any more distortions. The connecting bridges are stable in both worlds, and the majority of us are crossing over. Yet, some began to enjoy this adventure to its fullest and want to expand it. They are working to open bridges towards more distant worlds. Sliding along freshly discovered, subtle lines of universe, they intend to travel to new locations far beyond the edge of this galaxy.
Astior 1 — The whole Universe, even though far from dying right now, is shaped like an almost infinite Klein bottle. We, the last ones, are rapidly reaching the end of our transformation. Soon, I shall erase from my memory what the others have already forgotten long ago when they have begun their new existences. Here, at the end of the journey, we have finally closed the loop and discovered that, after avoiding the Great Singularity and sprouting once more from the new Origin, there is no one on the other side but ourselves.
This is our story. It describes how everything spread and converged back to the initial stage and how it went on after that. This is the new reality where the events flow like the tumultuous waters of a mountain river in the spring. And I am the last one left, now, here, in front of the Gate.
With light steps, my legs are carrying me to the crossing point. I have finally reached the end of my mission. Past and future are melting, fusing into the eternal present. I close my eyes and take a deep breath, preparing to step through the mirror towards a new beginning.

 

The wise man looks into space and does not regard the small as too little, nor the great as too big, for he knows that there is no limit to dimensions.

Chuang Tzu
Afterword

 
Dear Reader,
Here we are, you and I, at the end of this journey. However, for as long as this universe continues to exist, after every so-called end, another end can loom even farther away. And, of course, every beginning can hide another beginning before it. The frontiers, the boundaries, are only inside our minds. They are only perceived as such to be reached and conquered. And sometimes, to be ignored. Of course, this quest has no end. It will go on for as long as there is “something” instead of “nothing,” for as long as there is a universe.
The first version of this story grew into a draft during a warm summer, taking most of its energy from the mountains surrounding my home. It got mixed with the rustling of the birch trees, the scent of the evergreen forests, and the sweat radiating from the daily farm work. I used to sleep in a tent next to the riverbank back then and intended to write a collection of short stories, most of them inspired by my dreams. “Butterfly’s Dream” was supposed to be the fourth on the list.
Yet, while I was crafting my book, my fictional characters began displaying a will of their own. They changed and extended the initial plot way beyond what I initially had in mind. As the story progressed, I couldn’t figure out whether I was writing it or if the story was now penning my own life. And so, the adventures of Alberto and Nivit expanded more and more. They engulfed the first three short stories, my tent, and, finally, even the mountain peaks surrounding my house and village. With each page added up to those already written, I encountered new surprises from the twists taken by my plot. I was becoming more and more curious to find out how it was going to end. The end, when it finally came to life, was not what I expected it to be.
Some days later, when I was already in the process of reviewing the first draft, I found attached to the inside fabric of my tent, near the entrance, the empty cocoon of a butterfly. Was this a coincidence? Had my story made a caterpillar go through its metamorphosis next to my sleeping spot? Or perhaps the caterpillar sleeping so close to me influenced my subconscious thoughts and ultimately shaped the course of my novel? Lacking any better explanation, I sincerely believe the connections between our minds and the outside world sink quite deep and are often more complex than we think.
“Butterfly’s Dream” is a book that probably generates more questions than answers. It never planned to do otherwise. It’s a book where two entirely different cultures come in contact. While our civilization continues to climb the bumpy path of science and technology, our questions about other intelligent beings in the Universe might someday come closer to an answer. If we are not alone, how are we going to see them? What if the stereotype scenarios involving either benevolent or hostile creatures descending from huge ships that travel across the Galaxy will not happen? What if the reality itself, perhaps controlled up to a certain level by them, will adjust to our level of perception?
“Butterfly’s Dream” is also a book that attempts to probe the boundary between real and imaginary. I believe this boundary is fuzzier than it seems. It’s very likely that what we call reality has more than one side, more than one way of perceiving it. Maybe the past is not frozen and immutable. Perhaps the future is not always blurry and widely open to change. As we began to better understand the secrets of the Universe, our knowledge has expanded from the Laws of Kepler to gravitation, from Newtonian physics to Einstein’s relativistic fabric of space-time, from quantum gravity to dark matter. In time, we might eventually find out that the concept of reality is not what we think it is. From this perspective, my story shouldn’t seem so strange after all.
When I finished the first version of this novel, my writing skills were not so good. As I got better, I spent countless hours revising and improving the text. I hope that the current version is finally polished enough to make the reading experience enjoyable. If you find any mistakes, please let me know! I shall try to fix them within a reasonable time frame.
There are a couple of references worth mentioning as inspirational resources:
First comes “The Book of Chuang Tzu,” the famous collection of Taoist anecdotes and fables written in China around the 3rd century BC. The short text where Chuang Tzu’s dreams that he is a butterfly was the main inspiration for the title of my novel and for the story itself. I had several translations available. The work of Burton Watson from 1968 (accessible online for free) and the version of Martin Palmer from 1995 are particularly worth mentioning here.
Nevertheless, in the end, I decided to use my basic knowledge of Chinese characters to create my own translation of the short fragments included in my book. I have done this by re-translating and adapting quotes from the original version, posted online by the Chinese Text Project (http://ctext.org/zhuangzi). I chose the Wade-Giles transliteration for the Chinese names from my novel, even though it is less accurate than the modern Pinyin system. I wanted these names as close as possible to how they used to be written in the 18th or 19th centuries.
For the game of black and white mentioned in the final chapter, I have used ideas from “The Book: On the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are” by Alan Watts (1966). For the concepts describing the illusion of the ego and the Zen meditation techniques, I relied on my personal experience in Zen meditation combined with ideas from the book “Vrai Zen” (“True Zen”) by Taisen Deshimaru (published for the first time in France in 1969). I don’t know about any English version of this work, but the main ideas of the Japanese master can also be found in “The Way of True Zen” (published for the first time in English in 2002).
I inserted Haiku poems by Matsuo Bashō as quotes at the beginning of two chapters. The Japanese originals were available online at http://www2.yamanashi-ken.ac.jp/~itoyo/basho/haikusyu/Default.htm. I have used my decent knowledge of the Japanese language to do the translations myself. I kept a 5-7-5 syllables metric typical for a classical haiku (reflecting the 5-7-5 morae metric from the original poems).
I briefly mention linguistic relativity and the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis in the final chapter. There are many resources on this topic, both online and offline. Hence, I shan’t insist here on any references.
About the language spoken by the natives from the Island, some readers might have already recognized it. For those who haven’t, the phrases and words scattered throughout the story and its short description from the last chapter should give them sufficient hints to find its real name with an online search. Today, many people use this language daily, and their number continues to grow.
I already have in mind a sequel to this volume under the title “Chrysalis.” Depending on the success of the current novel, I hope to have it ready for publication someday.
For critical comments and suggestions, you can find me at the following web addresses:
https://twitter.com/nordastelo
https://www.facebook.com/mcghilea.
A note about the cover: I have used an image under CC0 license for the butterfly, downloaded from pixabay.com. It was uploaded there by the user Clker-Free-Vector-Images.
Thanks

 
It took a long time until I could make the text of my novel look satisfactory, but I wasn’t alone on this journey. Many people helped and encouraged me to keep going until I reached my goal.
Before anyone else, I am most indebted to Chris Retter. He was kind enough to go over my chapters, finding mistakes that had escaped my checks. His tips to further improve the text were extremely useful. Without him, the quality of my writing would be significantly lower.
I also owe a lot to George Lungu. He showed me how to improve my style and corrected some of my mistakes from my early drafts.
The later drafts benefited considerably from the help of my friend Victor Motrescu, who discovered in the text quite a few mistakes that had escaped me. His spirit of observation made significant improvements to my novel.
I am deeply grateful to Akiko Ishida. She was my first reader and the inspiration source for my story. Without her, the adventures of Alberto and Nivit would have ended too soon.
Two close friends have read an early draft of my book and came up with helpful suggestions and critical observations. I want to thank them for making this story better: Cristian Stelea and Matei Hutopilă.
Tips and encouragements came from Gabriel Mititelu, his wife Kris, and their children: Cindy and Sandy.
My gratitude goes to my friends who read successive versions of my story and helped me with pertinent suggestions: Marcela Angela, Dorina Costea, Marița Enache-Pommer, Denisa Tudor, Lucia Keserii, Diana Teodorescu, Alexandra Cristea (Ally Andra), Vasile Ciotu, and Claudia Albu Gelli.
I also need to thank Lucian Merișca, Ștefan Costescu, Daniel Amăriuței, Ștefan Ionescu, Codrina Cozma, Nicole Jennings, Dan Relu Coruț, Nicolae Macovei, Vicky Chu, Bogdan Romocea, Lili Florea, Gabriela Alistar, Luiza Buzenchi, Nicolae Simionescu, Valentin Serghi, Cristhian Sánchez, Ovidiu Livadariu, Tiberiu Moroșan, Răzvan Rus, Laura Țencaliuc, Ben Indestege, Cristina Rusu, Aurora Vieriu Hutopilă, Radu Buzenchi, Vasile Cocerhan, Roxana Hura, Maria Tirenescu, Teck Sen Ng. Laura B., Mircea Daniel Frunză, Mariana Senda, Marius Constantin, Petrică Gavriloaie, and Codru Groza for their insightful opinions about various fragment from my story.
A few more people have helped me with useful tips for the cover: Georgiana Alexandra Atasiei, Thomas Rohde, Petronela Țuțuianu, Gabriela Marciuc, Răzvan Moga, Silvia Pătrașcu, and Rodica Vlad.
My warmest thanks to everyone else who has helped me indirectly and whom I might have forgotten to mention here explicitly.
As weird as it may seem, I also need to thank Nivit for her help in promoting my book online on Twitter at http://twitter.com/nivitx, despite being only a fictional character.
And last but not least, the warmest thanks to my mother, Margareta Ursachi. Over these years, she supported and encouraged me to finish this enterprise.
About the author

 
Marian Constantin Ghilea is a physicist (PhD. from the University of Rochester). His research work includes papers in nuclear fusion, computational physics, particle physics, and the orbital mechanics of exoplanets. Besides science and literature, he is also actively involved in martial arts, music, traditional cultures, and languages.
Works:
Butterfly’s Dream (2018) — a sci-fi novel that explores the meaning of reality, individuality, and love. Most of the story is told from the perspective of Alberto Shimada, the first lieutenant on a military brig that sails on Earth’s oceans at the end of the eighteenth century.
Tides of Amber (2019) — the flow of a year spread over an imaginary journey described in one hundred and eight haiku poems.
 

