

copyright ©2018 by Christopher Broschell.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced of transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording or by any information storage and retrieval system without permission in writing from the publisher.
ISBN: 978-0-9948396-8-8

1

My name is Jonas Wilkins and I work as an analyst at the Ministry of Temporal Affairs. What exactly does that mean? I comb through time trying to make sense of the past. This may sound like a very interesting job but it's not. All I do, day in and day out, is analyze historical data. For the last seven months I have been looking at every single minute of the Crimean War. 
Let me tell you what my day looks like. Every single day I wake up every single morning at 6:20. I go through a hygienic sonic cleaning so I do not offend my coworkers. For breakfast every single morning I ingest a protein bar which I am told tastes like apples and wash it down with a caffeine infusion which I am told tastes like grapes. I wouldn't know since grapes have been extinct since the mid-22nd century and apples since the late 24th. I put on my gray jumpsuit which I understand is as soft as cotton though I wouldn't know since cotton has been extinct since the early 23rd century.
We do not have individual houses anymore, so I leave my room in the dormitory and join my coworkers walking to work. In the eight years I have worked at the Ministry of Temporal Affairs, I don't believe I've ever seen anyone talk. Or smile. Or show any emotion. We walk the short distance to the ministry building along the gray sidewalk next to the gray concrete buildings in our gray jumpsuits. This is all matched by the gray countryside and the gray sky. We enter the ministry building single file and proceed to our cubicles. There we begin looking through historical files which we access holographically.
As I said, the last seven months I have been analyzing the Crimean War, which you might think could be exciting, but I have only looked at the way coffee beans were shipped to the troops. Over these seven months I have often wondered what coffee beans tasted like. Were they put into a stew with meat as I understand some beans were or was it some other tasty food? I wouldn't know since I have never eaten tasty food.
At nine in the morning we take our first break. We have three minutes to eat another protein bar – which I am told tastes like potatoes – and to ingest our caffeine infusion. Some days the infusion tastes like grapes, sometimes peas and sometimes eggs or at least that's what we're told. After the three-minute break, we continue our work, and this happens in two-hour intervals over the next 14 hours. After this, it’s time to go back to our room in the dormitory.
I have lived my entire life in the dormitory, in seclusion from almost all human contact. There are no hellos, goodbyes, nods, winks or staring. My education started in the dormitory, but I could not tell you how young I was, and I doubt anyone else could either. I think my education took 15 years, though I am only guessing since there is no such thing as a calendar for me to understand concepts such as days, weeks, months and years.
Through my historical research, I have learned the existence of many things including an interesting concept called parents. I understand many years ago, beings like myself had parents who would nurture and take care of their young. I had none of this, since I have lived in the same room doing the same thing for what seems like eternity. 
The Crimean War seems like an interesting time in history, or I should say more interesting then the present. Yes, there was bloodshed, destruction and death, but at least people were alive then. I can't say the same thing for the present. I have often wondered if the others around me are studying points in time that are as interesting. I would ask them, but social interaction is strictly forbidden under penalty of death.

2

My name is Jonas Wilkins and I work at the glorious Ministry of Temporal Affairs! This is one of the greatest jobs in the world! I am excited, everyday analyzing historical data and for the last seven months I have been lucky enough to look at every moment in the Crimean War!
My day happily starts at 6:20 in the morning! I hygienically clean myself then I have a tasty protein bar which I take with a succulent grape-flavored caffeine infusion! It is truly an honor to be working here doing the tasks the Glorious Leadership has requested! I put on my very comfortable grey jumpsuit and happily stroll from my spacious dormitory room and join my happy coworkers walking to work! We walk the short distance to the ministry building, enjoying the view of the sidewalk, the concrete and the architecturally impressive ministry buildings! The sky is cloudy but that's good because bright sunshine would make us squint and not enjoy our beautiful surroundings!
For seven joyous months I have sat in my cubicle analyzing the Crimean War which was a terrible time in our planet’s history.  I am looking at how the belligerent nations shipped coffee beans to their glorious troops! I am forced to stop working after four hours so we may replenish our nutrients with another decadently flavored protein bar and caffeine infusion! It is great our Glorious Leadership takes such good care of us, but I wish to continue working so I may make them proud! We work like this for 20 hours a day though I understand there is 24 hours in a day. I am very happy, because our Glorious Leadership will not allow us to work those other four hours, and they make sure we are well taken care of! I am deeply saddened by the bloodshed and death which happened during the Crimean War but as our Glorious Leadership has told us, if it were not for this death and destruction we would not today understand the greatness of our society! I hope to continue working on this glorious assignment for many years and I have asked my supervisor if I may continue to work instead of sleeping! My supervisor has applauded my initiative but has sadly informed me that would not be possible! My request was warmly received by the Glorious Leadership and I have received one extra protein bar every 20 cycles as a reward for my initiative! All hail the Glorious Leader and the Glorious Leadership!

3

My name is Jonas Wilkins and I have worked at the Ministry of Temporal Affairs studying historical data for 13 years. For the last seven months, I have been analyzing coffee beans during the Crimean War. While this might sound dull, it is very important to the future of our planet. For over 500 years humanity has destroyed, defoliated and made extinct 80% of the species on the planet. It is the Ministry's hope by analyzing how humans used and abused our natural resources we may be able to fix our mistakes.
About myself: I was harvested at the main rejuvenation center in Geneva about 34 years ago by my best estimate. Sexual reproduction is not possible now – we managed to destroy that about a hundred years ago. So, we are grown from harvested embryonic cells, which are then genetically cleaned. From there, I was bred as a temporal analyst starting when I was two years old. For the next 32 years of my life, I lived, breathed and slept the analysis of time.
My day starts at 6:20 in the morning. I wake up and jump in the sonic shower. I get dressed, have my protein bar and wash it down with my grape-flavored caffeine infusion. Unfortunately, grape-flavored is the best we can do right now since grapes have been extinct since the mid-22nd century. 
The Temporal Ministries offices are at the center of the old Hadron Collider near the French-Swiss border. Most of the countryside is drab, gray and devoid of any plant life. Any signs of nature are ensconced under transparent domes meant to limit the amount of uv radiation it is exposed to.  It is a sad state of affairs to see the world right now, but I am hopeful our work will help reverse some of the damage done. I usually spend two hours at my station holographically analyzing the data from that time, then take a ten-minute break, ingest another protein bar and caffeine infusion and repeat this throughout the day. This has been my life for the last 13 years. 
Once a month I am visited by Supervisor Schenley to announce its time for me to have a cranial scan. This is to make sure there are no ill effects from the increased uv radiation.  As always, today he stopped at my station to inform me, at which point I headed to the testing room. The test continued as it always did, with a slight buzzing in my ear for about a minute, then I was finished. What was out of the ordinary was Supervisor Schenley waiting for me at my work station. He looked more nervous than normal, which was quite a feat since he always looked extremely nervous.
“Over Supervisor Geertsma requires you to go to room A-16,” he said, perspiration forming on his forehead. I nodded and turned around, heading back down the hall. I felt no nervousness – I had no reason to be nervous – though I was curious about the reason.
The door to room A-16 opened in front of me. I walked in, standing just in the doorway waiting for direction. The room was white, except for a large wooden table and chairs in the middle. I never had reason to be in this room before, so this was the first time in my life I had seen anything made of wood. 
“Sit down, technician Wilkins,” a voice said. There was nobody else in the room. I sat in the chair closest to the door. The wood creaked as I sat on it. “How do you feel today?”
“I feel fine.”
“Good.” The room felt like it warped for a second and then I wasn't there anymore. I was in a different room – a slightly smaller one. I was looking through a glass panel, which I think was a window, though it was grey outside of it. Looking back into the room, there were metal cabinets along one wall, and metal desks throughout the room. At most of the desks sat young women and they were tapping some kind of code, I think. Each one sat behind a machine which made an infernal tap-tap-tap-ding sound, then a piece of paper was ejected. It looked like nothing I knew and the way they dressed, and their hair, was unlike anything I had seen in my life. Above the tapping and dinging I heard a humming sound outside past the glass panel. I looked through it again and squinting I could see what looked like a shorter building across a large chasm from me. It was an ancient building from what I could see, some glass and a lot more brick or stone or concrete. The humming grew louder and louder and I could hear nothing else.
I only had perhaps a second to think about it since whatever it was must have hit the building and the explosion headed towards me. An acrid smell, which burned my lungs, and fire leapt towards me. I felt nothing after that for what seemed like hours, but I found out later it was only a few seconds. My next feeling was sitting at the large wooden table again.
“How do you feel?” the voice asked me again.
“Fine.” The room seemed to warp again and again, I was in a different room. This time I was at a large wooden desk and I was sitting in an upholstered overstuffed chair which creaked as I sat back. Looking around I noticed one wall full of what I believe were books. The floor was wooden and it also creaked as I got up from the chair. I walked over to the books and pulled one out, glancing at the words on the page. I put the book back and looked for the door. I walked up to it, but it would not open for me. I pushed the large metal button on it but it still would not open. 
“Open please,” I said. The door would not comply. I looked around the room and saw a window, which I walked towards. I moved the pieces of fabric which were in front of it aside  and looked out – this time, I was at street level, looking out into a foggy night. A man and woman walked by the window in clothing which was foreign to me, but obviously arcane. I knocked on the window and smiled. They looked back, then turned around and hurried away. 
I heard banging sounds in the distance, which seemed to be getting louder and closer. I looked at the couple – they were now running down the street. My eye caught a light off to the left and I looked over. The lights accompanied the bangs, which said to me they were explosions of some sort. Also, there was a buzzing sound, which also grew louder. There was nobody else on the street and no lights were on in any of the windows in the buildings opposite me. The explosions became deafening and a flash of light was immediately followed by one. I looked over to the left again and a building towards the end of the street was engulfed in flames. I looked up and saw flying objects of some sort, moving slowly and there were possibly a hundred of them. Another explosion happened to my right and the room I was in shuddered and dust and bits of the ceiling came down. I heard some crying somewhere in the building I was in, but I could not get to it without figuring out how to operate the door.
More explosions, more dust and ceiling, more crying. Finally, one of the explosions seemed to hit the building I was in and the wall of books headed towards me in a blast of light. The next thing I remember was falling into the chair in room A-16 again. 
“How do you feel?”
“Fine.” The room warped once again, and this time it began much more disturbing to me. I was in a ditch or trench of some sort. My feet were wet and cold. Then I realized my clothes were wet. Then there was the smell – the smell was rotten. I gagged and vomited over myself.
“There there Johnny, the food wasn’t that bad.” I looked over at a young, smiling man. He wore a uniform of some kind, with a large brimmed metal hat. I didn’t recognize where or when I was but nodded at the man. Looking around, there was almost half a metre of water in this ditch, with planks of wood on the bottom – which did nothing to make matters better. It was night, but the sky was lit up with explosions of light and sound. Over top of our heads, there was a sound of something zipping past at high speed. “Jerry’s sure making us pay tonight,” said the young man. “I wonder if the old man will send us out to settle the score.”
I didn’t know who Jerry or the old man was, but they seemed like awful people. Then I heard another sound I didn’t recognize, but it sounded a little like music. “There it is Johnny, let’s get ready to go over the top.” The young man gathered up his weapon – I think it was a weapon – as did all the other men around us. The explosions seemed to be farther away, and they all started up the ladders on the sides of the ditches. The first few were hit by something, because they jerked and fell back into the ditch. Some more made it up and over the top, some more were hit by what I found out later were bullets, which I understand are quite fatal when you receive one in your skull. The metal hats seemed to do very little to protect the men, so I wondered why they bothered wearing them. The young man pushed me from behind. “Let’s go Johnny, Jerry’s not going to wait forever.” I have to say I didn’t appreciate getting pushed and whoever this Jerry person was, he seemed well armed. I started up the ladder when I felt a tap on my back. “You won’t do much without this.” The young man handed me a weapon. He didn’t know I wasn’t going to do much with it anyway, since I had no idea how it operated.
I reached the top of the ditch and had to push the next man out of my way. Or at least what was left of the next man – his head seemed to be missing. This made me vomit again. “Come on Johnny, we have to get through that. Keep it in your mouth until you get over there.” I started to run with the other men, who were headed towards a wire fence of some sort. Many of them fell near me, and some fast-moving insects kept buzzing past my ears. An explosion went off to my right, which knocked me off my feet. Mud and rocks rained down on me, then an arm, a metal hat and some other indeterminate bodily parts. I quickly brushed off what I could, then got back on my feet and started running. I did this until I reached the fence, which was very sharp, and I gingerly made my way through it, though it seems Jerry did not want me to, since he had things exploding around me and men kept dying around me. I did notice there were no women running with us, which I found odd. I finally reached the other side of the fence with a small group of men, who continued to run for what looked like another ditch.  I ran with them, then jumped down into the ditch, not realizing they had stopped at the top and had started using their weapons. I looked around and above me was a man with a pointed metal hat, brandishing what looked like my weapon, but with a long point on the end. He yelled something, then shoved it into my chest. I was in room A-16 again.
This continued for the rest of the day. I would be in some sort of scenario – usually a locked room. Sometimes it would have a tiny oval window, and there would be many people sitting near me, yelling and screaming. Those rooms seemed long and cylindrical, and there would be rows and rows of people in seats. Those windows seemed to be looking into the sky, and below me I could see clouds. But always, the same thing: I would look out a window and something bad would happen to me. I would have been depressed if I thought this was at all real – or a punishment of some sort. But, I just chalked this up to more tests by the supervisory committee. Finally, after 18 of these scenarios, a woman walked into room A-16 and stood in front of me. “Technician Wilkins, you are dismissed for the day. Please go to your domicile.”
I nodded and exited the room, heading back down the hallway towards my cubicle. Walking past it, I noticed Supervisor Schenley look over at me with a terrified look on his face. This did not bother me, as Supervisor Schenley had a terrified look when I would ask him for a urinary break. 
Ironically, there were no time measuring devices in the Temporal Ministry – we would leave when the shift alarm would sound – so I had no idea how long I was in room A-16. I did know I was leaving before the end of the shift, as all the cubicles were still full and there was nobody else leaving the facility. I looked back. The woman who dismissed me was right behind me. “Yes, technician Wilkins, you may leave for the day.” I was puzzled she knew what I was thinking.
On the walk back to my room I found myself looking around more than normal. It wasn’t nerves – it was curiosity. I noticed how smooth the outside of the Temporal Ministry building was. I noticed how dull and gray the landscape was, and I noticed how dull and gray the sky was. My domicile room was also very dull and gray. One thing I noticed during my visions – I didn’t know what else to call them – was the color. Instead of the boring gray and beige and fleshy tones of everyone and everything, there were colors which I didn’t even know existed, let alone what to call them. There were textures and sounds and smells I didn’t recognize either – some pleasant, many not. The texture of the book and the paper in my hands was something I had never experienced. The terrible smell I now know is burning and all it entails – whether books, wood or flesh – was also new to me. The feel of an overstuffed chair or of the bright morning sun on my face, all things which don’t exist today.
Before I continue, I will tell you when and what today is. Today is the year 2318. The Earth is dull and gray and beige, the result of many things. A small nuclear war in East Asia in the late 21st century blanketed most of the planet in ash for over 20 years. Increased fuel use during the same time increased the clouds which blocked the sun and, though it reversed some of the warming the planet had undergone, it also decimated crops and animal life. Scientists estimated close to 40 per cent of nature died during the next century and widespread extinctions occurred. Perhaps the worst was the extinction of the honey bee in North and South America from both a blight and the lack of plants to feed off. This led to many food staples disappearing, though we are sustained by artificial means now – mainly laboratory-grown proteins and nutrients.
The problems we encountered on our planet meant we also never left it. Most of our energy was directed towards survival, not exploration, and much of the space-based science was lost. Over the next 150 years we tended to look down, not up towards the stars – mainly because we couldn’t see them through the haze.
One thing we did master through these years was temporal mechanics. Specifically, we learned how to look back in time and we use this today to try to find solutions to what has happened and how we can correct it. We discovered before the Asian War we could open up small portals in the space-time continuum and look back through them. We could never travel back in time – that violates the laws of physics – but we could open a window and gather information. That is my job in the grand scheme of things. Every day I open a window back on the Crimean War and gather up as much as I can, so some day we may have coffee again – although I don’t know what coffee is and how it will help us. Those decisions are above my technician grade.
Back to my room, which I have now reached. I changed out of my technician clothes and into my relaxation clothes. They contain an odor which helps me relax.  Strangely, my protein bar and evening relaxation infusion were already waiting for me. Usually, I must wait until after I get home for the delivery chute to send me my sustenance. My room has no windows, though it does have a view screen where I can watch interesting images of places I imagine existed once, though no longer.
I sat on my chair nibbling on my protein bar when I heard a chime. I wasn’t sure what it was, so I walked around my room, looking for the source. Again, the chime sounded and again I looked around, to no avail. Finally, I heard three light bangs against my door. I walked over and opened it. The woman who released me from work was standing there.
“Don’t you answer your door chime?” she asked.
“I’ve never heard it before and didn’t know what it was.”
She nodded. “I suppose it’s too much to ask for you to understand all of the nuances of society, locked up like a mouse in a lab.”
“Why am I locked up like a mouse in a lab? Have I done something wrong?”
She shook her head. “No, it’s just a saying.” She looked me up and down. “How are you feeling?”
“Adequately normal,” I responded.
“No ill effects? No vomiting, hallucinations, dry mouth, shaking?”
“I urinated on myself during the first scenario, and I vomited during the third.”
“I’d piss myself too if a B-25 was heading towards me,” she said.
“What’s a bee twenty-five?”
“Never mind. Good night technician Wilkins.” She turned and walked down the hall and left.

4

My sleep that night was broken. I had dreams of some of the scenarios I had been put through. The worst part of any of them was the smell. For as long as I can remember, I had never really smelled much of anything. There are no flowers to smell, no well-cooked meals, no perfume, not even really a fart to speak of. When I encountered the variety of smells, my brain didn’t know what to make of it and I had – what I found out later – was a sensory overload.
As always, I woke up, had my shower, my protein bar and my grape-flavored caffeine infusion and headed out the door. Something is different though – there is nobody on the avenues headed towards the Temporal Ministry. I started walking faster, assuming I must be late. I arrived at the main door but it would not open for me. 
“A little early this morning?” I turn around and the mystery woman was behind me. 
“I’m early? I thought I was late.”
“It seems your internal clock is off a little. Very interesting.” She breezed by me and the door slid aside for her. I quickly followed.
“What do you mean my internal clock is off a little?” She ignored the question. “Excuse me, I asked you a question.” She still ignored me. I reached out to grab her arm. Before I knew what was happening, she grabbed my hand, twisting it and me and threw me to the ground.
“I would suggest not doing that again,” she said, continuing to walk. I picked myself off the floor and walked towards my cubicle. Sitting down, I opened my files and began to work. I was part way through my sixth file when I heard the slow trudge of people walking past my cubicle and into their own. I heard a few gasps as people saw I was already at work, then I heard a commotion.
“Umm, excuse me please. Please clear a path. Please excuse me.” It was Supervisor Schenley. He was extremely agitated and perspiring. “Technician Wilkins, what are you doing here early? This is a clear violation of protocol.”
“Apologies Supervisor Schenley, it would seem my internal clock is off a little.” Supervisor Schenley’s eyes widened, then he hurried off. I continued at my work for another two files. 
“Your presence is required in room A-16,” said the mystery woman, who mysteriously appeared at my door.
“I must wait for Supervisor Schenley’s authorization,” I replied.
“Mr. Schenley is currently indisposed.”
“His first name is Mister?” I asked.
“Wow they do keep you mice under tight wrap. Come with me.” I grudgingly followed the mystery woman to room A-16. She stopped at the door and directed me to sit down in the same chair at the same table.
“Technician Wilkins,” called out the same disembodied voice from the day before, “you will again be subjected to a variety of testing scenarios. Please stand by.”
I girded myself for more of the same. Today I had large objects careen towards me (I found out later it was a train), poison gas clouds waft towards me and trees, ocean waves and other assorted natural items hurtle towards me. None of it bothered me, as I knew it was all part of the simulation and would not hurt me physically. It all seemed to move along faster today, though when I was finished and dismissed, the Temporal Ministry was abandoned, and it was quite dark outside. I realized I had not eaten lunch or dinner and was starving. I hurried home, but my dispensary only provided me with a dinner supplement, which I ravenously ate. I switched my view screen to the view outside my room and was not surprised to see the mystery woman lingering out there.
A quick description of her – she was perhaps 35 years old, average build, average height, average weight – all in all, average. Average for the early 24th century anyway. She had short brown hair, an analytical look on her face, which sometimes turned into a smirk – and otherwise average. Except for one thing, which I noticed when I zoomed my view screen in on her. She looked up, as if she realized I was watching. Her eyes were blue. You might not think this is important, but it is extremely rare in my day and age. I am the only other person I have ever noticed with blue eyes. I heard when I was being educated blue eyed-people were virtually extinct and I was treated somewhat as a freak of nature, so it was interesting to notice her eyes.
I realized I was still staring at her and was shocked back to reality when she smiled and waved at me. Well actually, she smirked and waved. I quickly changed the screen back to a view of the earth from space (or at least what we think it looks like now – the last satellite plummeted to earth over 100 years ago).
I slept a little better that night, though the smells still bothered me. I could taste them in my mouth, especially the poison cloud, which tasted sweet and a little spicy. The next morning I walked to the ministry building wondering why I was being subjected to this. Since I never interacted with my fellow workers, I had no idea if this was normal or not. I leaned toward abnormal, since I had never noticed this mystery woman lingering around anyone else. The woman met me at the entrance. “Technician Wilkins, you are with me.” I reluctantly followed her.
“Are these normal tests?” I asked her as we walked. She chose not to answer me. I knew she heard me, so I knew she had made the choice to ignore the question. I followed her anyway, sitting again at the same table on the same chair. I went home that night and repeated the next day. And the next. And the next. Nothing changed for close to three months, except the scenarios themselves. The smell bothered me less and I found myself unemotional and unfeeling towards anything going on around me.
By day 93, I had enough of this. I walked up to the Temporal Ministry as always, and as always, she was standing there waiting for me. I walked past her and continued to my cubicle. I didn’t turn to see if she was following me or not – I just continued to my old cubicle. When I arrived, there was someone else sitting at my workstation.
“Excuse me, this is my station.” The new person ignored me. I raised my voice. “Excuse me, this is MY station.” I decided the emphasis on “my” would make my point clearer. The person turned to look at me. He had no expression on his face whatsoever. He turned back to my station and continued to work. Supervisor Schenley came up behind me. As always, he looked flustered and agitated.
“Technician Wilkins, you will have to leave this station at once. Technician Al-Jadr is working.”
“But this is my station,” I protested.
Supervisor Schenley started sweating. “Technician Wilkins, you will have to leave this station at once,” he repeated.
“If I don’t, what will happen?”
Supervisor Schenley raised his eyebrows and his eyes widened. “Uhh, well, uhh.” His head started to shake slightly and a small amount of spit came out of his mouth. I walked over to my old seat and spun it around. Technician Al-Jadr looked up at me.
“Get out of my chair,” I said. He had a truly blank look on his face. He attempted to spin the chair back around to the workstation, but I held tight on to the top of it. He tried again and again, and both times, I held on until I finally grabbed him at his shoulder and threw him out of the chair. Supervisor Schenley shrieked and scurried away. This Al-Jadr fellow, whom I had taken an instant dislike to, laid on the ground with the same blank look on his face.
“Jonas, your services here are no longer required.” It was my mystery woman.
I spun around and looked at her. “I will not subject myself to your scenarios anymore. I will go back to my work and analyze coffee during the Crimean War.” Then I thought about what she said. “Did you just call me by my first name?”
“Yes.”
“Nobody has ever done that.”
“It’s a good way to get your attention, Jonas. Walk with me.” She turned and walked out down the hallway. I hurried to catch up with her. “In case that little episode didn’t prove it to you, you are substantially different from your – and I use the term loosely – peers. Those troglodytes are cogs, with the brain power of one. They are bred to do one thing only, whether it’s a supervisor, a technician or an over supervisor. Like any muscle, the brain will atrophy if it isn’t used and unfortunately 99% of the population use only a tiny portion of it.”
“But I was bred to be a technician. How am I different?”
“Firstly, you’re actually asking the question. That paperweight you left on the floor couldn’t even do that. Did you not see the blank look on his face? You could roast him on a spit and serve him with a side of potatoes au gratin and he would still have the same stupid look on his face.”
The mental picture disgusted me, though I chose not to question it further. She realized this. “Why don’t you ask?”
“Why would you roast Technician Al-Jadr on a spit? It seems rather vicious.”
She laughed. “Exactly! Most of these idiots wouldn’t ask the question because it wouldn’t enter their tiny crania. Most of the rest who could ask, would ask. You, on the other hand, chose not to question it. Why?”
“It seems like a ridiculous and outlandish thing to do, especially with the potatoes O grot-Ann – whatever that is – so I chose to leave it unasked.”
“And that’s why we are testing you like this, Jonas. You are not asking the obvious, because you already know the answer.”
“But what is the reason for this?”
“All in good time. You must submit further to learn more.” She stopped and I continued to walk, realizing I was back in room A-16 again. I decided not to sit down this time. It didn’t matter; I was thrown into another scenario, much the same as the others. When it ended, this time she was standing next to me. “For this next test, you will have something you must do to pass. There will be a man in a room who will have a black suit with a red tie, striped diagonally with gold. He will wear glasses, be 36 years old, blond hair – receding – and command the room like an Over Supervisor. When he mentions he has left his briefcase at the coffee shop downstairs, you will say ‘I can go get that for you, Mr. Blenheim.’ Do you understand so far?”
“Not really. What’s a red tie? What is a glasses? What is a coffee shop?”
“This information will be downloaded into the scenario for you. Don’t worry, you will understand when you get there. Now what do you say?”
I thought about it briefly. “I can go get that for you, Mr. Blenheim?”
“Very good. Then you will head to the elevator, press the down arrow, then enter and press ‘L.’ Next, you will go to the exit doors and leave.”
“But what about the man’s briefcase? I told him I would get it.”
“That is just a ruse to keep him in his office.”
“Why?”
“Jonas, there are certain questions you shouldn’t ask yet. Do you understand the conditions of the scenario?”
“Yes, it is very straightforward. When do I start?” I barely had the words out of my mouth and I realized I was no longer in room A-16 anymore. I was in a larger room with many people in it. They all seemed to be heading towards a central area in the room. There were desks with banks of video screens with some sort of archaic input devices below them. The men were all dressed in dark suits, which made it very difficult to pick out the man I was looking for. I found a man with glasses – how did I know what glasses were, and that they were plural? – and asked him if he was Mister Blenheim.
“Shh Roger, we’re trying to listen to the CNBC interview.” It seems my name is Roger in this scenario. I turned to see what everyone was looking at – there was a two-dimensional visual of a man speaking to another man with numbers and letters scrolling across the bottom of the screen. The group seemed excited about what was being said; I did not find it particularly interesting. My pursuit was this Mister Blenheim. I think I finally saw him at the front of the room.
“Alright everyone, that’s good news for us,” he said. “Let’s get down to business.” He started looking around. “Has anyone seen my briefcase?” Two of the women near him started looking around. He raised his voice. “Has ANYONE seen my briefcase?”
“Did you leave it at the coffee shop?” one of the women asked.
“I didn’t leave it anywhere.” He pointed at the woman. “YOU left it in the coffee shop. You have one job. You’re supposed to make sure I come in with everything I started with. What the fuck is wrong with you?”
I stepped towards him. “I can go get that for you, Mister Blenheim.”
He waved his hand at me. “Roger, you’re too valuable to go get a briefcase. This idiot here,” he pointed at the woman again, “can go get it for me. Then she can go find herself a new job.” Then he paused for a moment. “Actually, I’ll go get it. I need a coffee anyway and I can’t trust this moron to get that right.”
This wasn’t the way the scenario was supposed to go. If I let the him get the briefcase, I would fail. “Mister Blenheim, I know where it is. I can find it faster than this woman can and I can get you a coffee.”
“Always the boot licker, Roger. Fine, go get it and I take my coffee like my heart: black.” He turned again to the woman. “Clean out your desk. Maybe your next boss likes his things left strewn about.”
I turned and looked for the exit to the room. After walking about for about a minute, one of the other men said, “Roger, you little sniveller, if you’re going to be that way, at least get to the elevator.” I followed his eyes towards the exit, then nodded and walked quickly out the door. There was a long hallway with a few turns. After taking the wrong route the first time, I finally saw a sign showing where the elevators were. I pushed the button with the downwards-pointing triangle and waited. I pushed the button again, then again, wondering why the door didn’t open. Finally it did and a mass of people exited the small room, which this elevator must be. I pushed the “L” button and immediately I felt my legs give out and I fell to the ground. There was nobody else in the elevator room, but it seemed like it was falling. I staggered to my feet, then it stopped. I looked around and the door opened. 
More people entered the elevator room. One of them looked at me and said “Lobby?”
I shook my head. “Elevator.” He pushed the “L” button – and I reasoned L probably stood for lobby. The elevator room jerked again and began to plummet, though everyone who had just entered the room looked normal, so I decided this was a normal course of action. We stopped two more times before everyone left the elevator room. I wasn’t sure if I should as well and looked around. My eye caught the letter L lit up above the door, so I realized this must be where I leave as well. I looked around for the exit doors. There were people heading towards a glassed-in area, but then I realized they were pushing on the glass and leaving the building. Such an odd way to exit a building, but I followed their lead. I pushed on the glass but it would not open. I tried again, then tried the other side, which did open. I left and went outside and was in awe. The area was gray, which I expected, but there was a bright light coming down from the sky. I looked up for the source and could not believe the size of the building I had just left. It was massively tall – much taller than anything I had ever seen. I stood and looked until the exit door opened again and hit me in the chest.
“What’s wrong with you man?” the man asked me. “You can’t just stand in the doorway staring.” I nodded and put my head down, then moved out of the way. I looked back at the building, then realized there were more like it around me. They stretched up for what seemed like kilometres. Normally my scenarios had taken place in the past, and at night, but this one obviously was from the future. Then I noticed the most peculiar part – the sky was blue, not gray. I fell to my knees, barely comprehending what I saw. The sky was blue. 
“The sky…it’s blue,” I said to myself. Then I looked at everyone around me. “Look everyone, the sky is blue!” I shouted. Most of them continued walking, a few shook their heads – they must have thought it was still gray – and two others, who looked official, stopped talking to one another and stared at me. The sky was as vividly blue as my eyes, and I could not understand it. The two official looking people – one man, one woman – walked towards me. I stayed very still, hoping not to offend them. 
They stopped about half a metre from me and the woman asked, “you all right there?”
“Yes, thank you. I am all right.”
The man was somewhat gruffer. “Can we see some ID?” I didn’t know what ID was, yet I reached into my jacket, found a folded piece of leather inside, opened it and presented the man with ID. He looked at it, then me, then it again and finally handed back to me. It was a piece of plastic with a man’s picture on it and name and some other information I didn’t understand. I also didn’t know who’s picture it was – it wasn’t me – but it was enough for the official-looking man. “Move along pal,” he said. I moved along but had only taken a couple of steps when I heard a massive explosion overhead. I looked up at the building I had just left and saw debris raining down on the far side of it. The two officials also looked up, then looked at each other and started running to the door I had just exited. Then, I was back in room A-16.
“Why are there always explosions in these scenarios?” I asked the mystery woman, who was standing next to me.
“Too many questions, Jonas.”

5

The next day – the last scenario took much longer than the previous ones – I headed towards the Temporal Ministry but this time, I started looking at my peers. The mystery woman was right; they all walked liked mindless drones to the Ministry. I decided to engage one of them. “Hello there,” I said to a woman who was walking next to me. She continued to walk and ignored me. “I said ‘hello there.’” She continued, oblivious to my actions. 
Something was different though.  I couldn’t exactly determine what it was, but something was different. There was a buzzing sound near me, which was beginning to irritate me. Then I noticed there were small things – I’m not sure what – buzzing around all of us. Nobody else was bothered by it, but I found the buzzing incredibly grating on my nerves. I waved my hands around my head, which seemed to move them away from me. I arrived at the Ministry door. As always, the mystery woman waited there for me.
“Did you see that?”
“See what?” she asked me.
“Small flying things buzzing around me.” 
She looked outside. “Insects,” she said incredulously. “There are insects outside. Fantastic!” I followed her, but this time we headed down a different corridor. We stopped at a door marked E-6. “Come inside Jonas, we have much to discuss.” I followed her in. The room was laid out differently than A-16. There was a much larger table, gray, with many chairs around it. She directed me to sit down. “After yesterday Jonas, the decision was made to go ahead with your program.” I was puzzled. “Let me explain. These scenarios you have been taking part in are tests to see if you are ready to travel.”
“But there is no place to travel on Earth. All that exists is inside the walls of the Hadron Collider.”
“It’s not a place. More a time you are travelling to. Have you ever wondered why there is nowhere to travel outside the walls?”
“I know the nuclear war decimated much of south Asia, then the fallout and increased ash from fuel made matters worse. I just assumed it was dangerous outside the walls.”
“It’s not really dangerous – there just isn’t anything there. After the war, much of the sun was blotted out and a lot more was obscured by the ash. This killed off most of the plant and animal life on the planet. Have you ever wondered where your protein bars and caffeine infusions come from?” I shook my head. “We recycle everything. We have no choice. The protein bars you eat are the recycled remains of people.” I didn’t find that disgusting, since what else would we do with the dead. Of course, I had never thought about it, since I had never seen any dead people before my scenarios. I only noticed certain older technicians not return to their cubicles, but I assumed they had been moved elsewhere.
“Jonas, the population of the planet was around 12 billion when war broke out. With all that has happened, there are only 650 people left in the entire world. We are the only species left on the planet, and within 100 years, we will be gone too. That is why you are taking part in this program. Have you ever wondered about your blue eyes?”
“I was told the eye color was extinct and I was an anomaly, but then I noticed you had blue eyes too.”
“Exactly. There is something about blue-eyed people which makes us genetically special. For whatever reason – and believe me, our scientists have tried to figure it out – the anomaly which gives us our blue eyes also allows our brains to wrap themselves around certain conditions. These are the conditions we have been subjecting you to. What do you know about the Hadron Collider?”
“It’s an ancient piece of machinery built about 300 years ago for scientific experiments.”
“That’s very basic, but yes. The collider was used initially for particle physics experiments, but they realized in the later part of the 21st century it could be used for time travel.”
I shook my head. “Not possible. Time travel is physically impossible.”
“You’re right – sending physical matter through time is completely impossible, but they realized they could send particles of energy back. First, a couple of electrons back a few seconds. Then a few more and so on until about 20 years ago, we realized we could send messages back in time.”
“Messages to who? Who would understand these?”
“We started by sending messages directly into the brains of scientists working on the project. At first, it didn’t go too well. The first messages ended up – for lack of a better term – scrambling the minds of some of our most brilliant men and women. We stepped back, and slowly sent smaller hints to them, but the same problem. By fluke, one of the scientists was able to receive the message, write it down, and confirm what we had sent. That man had blue eyes, and he was one of only three people left on the planet who did. We tried again, and again there was no problem. Then we sent longer messages further back and we realized there was something slightly different in the brain chemistry of a blue-eyed person which meant they could receive information from the future.”
“So if you’re not sending me back in time, what are you doing?” I asked.
“I’m getting to that. Over the last 20 years, we have been working hard on the messages, but then we understood this wouldn’t be enough – we had to send more data back to the past. The human brain is a storage device much like any other, and about a year ago we were able to download a person’s mind, personality – everything – to a storage station, then send it back to the past.”
I put up my hands. “Wait. You’re telling me you have sent somebody’s mind to the past. What happened to it?”
“We had to store it somewhere, and to do that, we had to upload someone else’s mind to the storage station first, then download the mind from our time back. It takes about seven seconds. The first voyages were exhilarating. You noticed the blue sky, the green grass, but also the horrid smell of death.”
“I was an experiment? You sent my brain back to the past?”
“No, of course not. I was the first one to go back. The first time I stood in a green meadow, with a light breeze blowing through my hair and I smelled flowers – flowers! The next time I was in a boat, looking out to sea, smelling the ocean breeze.”
“You were able to do all that and I just kept dying in my scenarios?”
“We had to make sure you could deal with horrifying situations and still keep sane. We have had a couple of people go back and the result have been…not good.”
“What do you mean not good?”
“Suicide, mass murder, self immolation, that type of thing. Not very pleasant. You did exceedingly well, considering you had no idea what was happening.”
I was starting to get angry. “You put me in other people’s bodies to see how I would react. Then you killed them? What happened to their consciousness?”
“Jonas, those people were going to die anyway. The first scenario took place on July 28, 1945 when a B-25 Mitchell bomber hit the Empire State Building in New York City. The brain we sent you back to belonged to a young secretary who was working for the National Catholic Welfare Conference and was unfortunately working at the time. The second brain belonged to a man who died October 9, 1940 when German bombers destroyed their home in London. The third person actually died before jumping into the German trench on July 1, 1916, so you managed to prolong his life by a minute or two.”
“You didn’t answer my question. What happened to their consciousness?”
The mystery woman swallowed and looked a bit uncomfortable, which I found uncommon for her. “We delete it.” The look of horror on my face was all too obvious. “We do try to glean as much historical information from their minds as we can before we delete them though. A mind takes up a lot of storage space and if we can distill all the facts we can without the filler of emotions and such, then that helps us immensely.”  She sat down next to me. “Jonas, you must understand, you are doing a great thing for humanity. You shouldn’t worry about people who are long dead.”
“What great am I doing for humanity? It seems humanity is already dead.”
“Don’t be a pessimist. You know how you were studying coffee transport during the Crimean War? You weren’t really. You were downloading as much historic information as you could to make these voyages easier. Did you wonder how you knew what glasses, a tie, or your ID were?” I nodded. “You knew because we downloaded that information to your mind when we put it in Roger Foreman’s body. We didn’t do that with the first voyages because sometimes information isn’t readily available and we needed to know if you could think on your feet. Unfortunately Roger Foreman died that day – he didn’t make it out of the building. The good news is Morris Blenheim also did not leave the building that day.”
“And that is good news because….?”
“That is good news because Morris Blenheim left the World Trade Center that day after it was hit by an aircraft, because he was downstairs looking for his briefcase. Originally, he didn’t trust his assistant to find it, so in a rage he went to the concourse of the building and was there when the aircraft hit. This allowed him to leave unharmed. After that, he went on to become the Chief Executive Officer of a large company which made pesticides. One of those pesticides wiped out most of the insects on the planet over the next 200 years. You changed that and now, we have bugs flying around us.”
“And I ask again, how is this good news?”
“You really need to study science better, Jonas. No insects means a lot of things – no recycling of dead matter, no pollination, no birds. You bring back insects, you bring back a better world.”
“That’s great, but it doesn’t look any different from yesterday.”
“Only the first step, Jonas. If bugs are back, that means the ecosystem could be changing. Sadly, we are in a bit of a microcosm here, so we won’t find out until someone explores outside the walls.”
“And this Roger Foreman guy? He was supposed to die and didn’t. Didn’t that change things?
“Only slightly. We had to take a calculated risk. Knowing Roger’s home life, we knew he would live with his mother and take care of her for the rest of her life. He never married, had kids, or made any impact on the timeline, no matter how many simulations we did.”
“And what am I supposed to do now? I can’t go back to my job as a technician?”
“You’re right, you must continue doing what you are doing.” 
The door opened and seven people walked in. They had an air of importance and they sat down around the table. An older looking man began to speak. “Mr. Wilkins, you are doing a great service to humanity. You must realize this.”
“I realize my actions just killed a man.”
“Morris Blenheim is a casualty of war. He just wasn’t a day ago. If removing one man from history changes its course for the better, isn’t that worth doing? What about these mindless drones working here? Wouldn’t it be fabulous if they all could think again?”
“Whose fault is that? You obviously can program whatever you like into their heads,” I countered.
A woman spoke up this time. “No we can’t. We find the brain functions of most of the brown eyes are extremely limited. They are mostly information collectors, like honey to the queen. Besides, until the Earth is put back to its proper order, there is no point. We must change the mistakes of the past to make the present better.”
“But that man…” I said hesitantly.
“That man was a fool who only wanted to have a palatial mansion and people groveling at his feet. When he was done there was short term gain, but long-term pain. Would you say the same about Adolf Hitler?”
“No, but he was a mass murderer.”
“So was Morris Blenheim, he just did it slowly and made lots of money doing it. If you can make little changes to history without hurting anyone, would you prefer that?”
“Yes, of course I would. But how would that help?”
“You stopped a man from getting a briefcase and it changed the course of history. You can do it again by having a sip of water, or standing in line or dropping a pen.”
“What’s a pen?” I asked.
The woman shook her head. “A trivial matter. If you could make the present world much better by doing something small, would you do it?” she asked again.
“Yes.”
“Then let us begin.”

6

The world we live in has been affected by some of the most trivial matters – it doesn’t always take a nuclear war to change the course of human existence, sometimes it just takes a left turn instead of a right turn. In 1914, a Czech man named Leopold Lojke was driving the Archduke Franz Ferdinand through the streets of Sarajevo, on his way to see those who had been injured by a previous assassination attempt on the Archduke. Lojke turned down a side street, lost on his way to the hospital. Realizing his error, Lojke stopped, but the large car could not turn around and would not reverse. 
While he was muddling about with the car, Gavrilo Princip was standing outside Moritz Schiller's café, drowning his sorrows at his previous failed attempt at assassinating the archduke. Princip couldn’t believe his luck, took out his semi-automatic pistol, walked to within five feet of the archduke’s car and shot him in the neck. When the archduke’s wife bent over him, Princip shot her in the abdomen. They both died that day, and that one wrong turn started World War I, which led to World War II. 
That is the most extreme of history-changing moments that we know of, but would history be any different if other trivial things had happened? Howard Lutnick was the chief executive at a company named Cantor Fitzgerald, who decided to take his son to his first day of kindergarten instead of going to his office on the 105th floor of the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001. A minor historical footnote by the 24th century, yet a good example of someone who’s life was saved by a small life choice.
This is where I come in. After speaking for hours with the Group of Seven (I didn’t know what else to call them), I decided that yes, I wanted to change history. I asked why I couldn’t stop Leopold Lojke from turning right instead of left. Strangely, they felt both World Wars were too important to the future of humanity and must be left as is.
“But millions of people will die from these wars? Wouldn’t it be better if we stopped it from happening in the first place?”
“Your point is valid, Mr. Wilkins, but too much technology came out of both wars and to stop them from happening would stop the technology we have now to send you into the past. Those two wars put us a hundred years ahead in technology. We prefer to give history little nudges, to adjust our course towards a proper present.”
“Mister Wilkins,” another man said, “you will start after lunch.” The door opened, and nine men walked in with nine ceramic plates of some sort. Each person had a plate set in front of them, with metal utensils at either side of the plate. On the plate were green leaves of some sort, a brown piece of something, and a whitish grouping of something else.
“Is this another test?” I asked.
“No,” said the man, picking up his utensils, then stabbing a leaf with one and putting it in his mouth. “This is lunch. This,” he said, pointing to the leaves, “is salad, grown hydroponically underground. This is potato and this is a lab-grown piece of beef. Enjoy your first real meal.”
I looked at the others. They had all picked up their utensils and started stabbing at the leaves – or I mean salad. I did the same and put some in my mouth. The flavor was exquisite – I had never had anything in my mouth which tasted so…exquisite. Everyone else seemed to be enjoying the meal as well. I looked over at my mystery woman, who was busily cutting the lab-grown piece of beef with the utensil which was not pointy. She then took a piece and put it in her mouth. I followed her lead. I could not believe how excited I was and how I wanted to savor every morsel of food on this plate.
“Enjoying it, Mr. Wilkins?” one of them asked. I nodded. It was heavenly.
“You see, Mr. Wilkins, we have a very limited supply of this food here, and only for special occasions. Unfortunately, the drones must eat the protein bars. Besides, their minds could not comprehend the flavors, the textures, the decadence of this experience.” We finished our meals, then five of the men came back in and took our plates and utensils away.
My mystery woman began to speak. “We will begin with a simple voyage, Jonas. We need you to pick up a man’s wallet, which he has dropped, and give it back to him.”
“That’s it? That’s all I have to do?”
“Yes.”
“And what is this supposed to do, in the grand scheme of things?”
“We prefer not to tell you yet, just to be safe,” she replied.
I shrugged my shoulders. “Okay, I’m ready.” I gripped on to the side of the table.
“Jonas, we don’t do that here. This is a meeting room. Let’s head back to A-16.” I jumped up from my chair and was excited to go. “Relax Jonas, if you release too much adrenaline, it can cause other chemicals in your body to spike, which can cause you to slip into a coma or worse.”
I took a deep breath and relaxed. We walked back to room A-16 and I sat in the same chair as always. “This will hurt,” she said and then my neck tensed up and the room started to blur and warp. I lost consciousness, then felt like I was floating in…nothing. Everything was black, but I couldn’t feel the chair, the table, her presence – anything. Then, I noticed it getting brighter and I could start to feel the chair again. Different chair, though. It had metal arms and a padded seat and I was sitting at a smaller table. Across the table was a younger woman.
“Are you alright Carter?” she asked. I assumed I was Carter, so I nodded. “You looked like you blacked out there for a second.”
“No, I’m okay.”
“Have some more coffee. I know it’s early, but it’s the best time to fly.”
Instinctively – I don’t know how, since my only interaction with coffee was studying beans in the Crimean War – I reached over to a paper cup sitting in front of me and took a gulp. It was ridiculously hot and I spilled it on myself as I spit it back out. I’d never had something so hot in my mouth before. The woman looked at me in shock. “Is something wrong with your coffee?” she asked.
“Yes, it’s really hot!” I exclaimed.
She rolled her eyes. “Umm, ok. Maybe you should go to the restroom and clean up.”
“Yes, I should clean up. Where is the restroom?”
She pointed behind me. I looked over and saw a doorway with a pictograph next to it. There was another one with a similar pictograph and they both looked like people, though one had a triangle midway down. I wasn’t sure which one was suitable for me, but I got up and walked over. Thankfully, there was a man going into one doorway and two women into the other, which made my choice easier. As I headed to the restroom – was I supposed to rest in there as well? – I looked around. We were in a large building with many windows. Outside it was dark, but I could make out what looked like aircraft at various intervals. It was busy in the building and I glanced around looking for a man’s wallet. Not noticing anything, I headed for the restroom. 
Inside, there was a variety of cubicles with their doors closed. As well, there were white ceramic dispensers hanging from the wall and a group of bowls in a counter. I saw no place to rest and I wasn’t sure where I was supposed to clean myself. One of the cubicles opened and a man exited. Behind him I noticed a larger bowl on the floor with water running into it. This seemed like a good place to wash myself so I entered and closed the door, engaging the locking mechanism. I took off my shirt and put it in the bowl. The water was cold and the bowl itself smelled horrible. I managed to remove the coffee mark from my shirt, then looked around for a means to dry it. Outside my cubicle I heard a high-pitched whine. Looking under the door, I noticed the man who had left my cubicle was holding his hands under a machine making the noise. Realizing it was a dryer of some sort, I wrung my shirt out, unlocked the door and went to the machine. The man looked at me strangely, then left. I held my shirt under the machine, but after a few seconds it stopped working. I looked for some way to re-engage the drying mechanism but could not. Another man exited a different cubicle and also looked at me strangely – it seems this was not the correct way to use a restroom.
“You having a problem there, son?” he asked me. I nodded. “Here, you just press that button there.” He pushed a mirror-like button on the machine and the dryer began working again.
“Thank you,” I said.
“You ah, you’re not from around here, are you son?”
“No, I am from Geneva.”
“Don’t have dryers there?”
“No, not like this.”
“Well son,” he said, slapping my back and smiling, “Welcome to the good old U. S. of A!” He left the restroom without using the dryer, which I continued to use to dry my shirt. After a few minutes of pushing the button and holding my shirt underneath, it was somewhat dry. I left the restroom, not feeling rested at all. I looked around again, wondering where this wallet was I was supposed to retrieve. I continued to look until the woman who was sitting across from me joined me.
“Carter, why is your shirt wet?” she asked.
“I cleaned up in the restroom.”
“What is wrong with you today? You are really off.” As she said this, a man brushed passed us. She turned to look at him. “Hey buddy, watch where you’re going.” He ignored her. She raised her voice. “Hey buddy! Next time don’t be so rude!” He turned around and raised his hand with his middle finger pointed up. She looked at me and looked like she was waiting for me to respond. I wasn’t sure what response I was supposed to give, so I stood silently. She shook her head and started walking after him. I turned and was about to walk with her when I stepped on something. Looking down, I realized I had stepped on a wallet. I picked it up and started walking after the man and the woman.  She caught up to him first and grabbed him by the shoulder, turning him around. He angrily looked at her.
“What the fuck is your problem, lady?” he growled. By this point I had caught up to both of them.
“You dropped this,” I said, handing the wallet over to the man. His expression changed, though he still looked surly.
“Thanks,” he said. He started to leave and the two of us just stood there. He looked back around. “What do you want, a fucking reward?”
The woman looked at me. “Can you believe that guy? I’m going to tell him where to go.”
“Where would you tell him to go?” I asked. “He seems to know which direction he needs to go.”
“Carter, you need to grow a set.” She shook her head. “Let’s go sit down and wait for our flight.” I followed her back to our chairs and sat down. Once I had sat there, my vision started to blur once more. This was my sign the scenario had ended.


7

The Group of Seven met with the mystery woman. The older man spoke first. “How did Wilkins do?”
“Quite well,” she replied. “We still have some kinks to get rid of, subtle nuances of contemporary life which we will have to glean from the subjects. For the most part though, he was able to perform the task well.”
“Do we have any indication he was successful?”
“Since his consciousness returned, we have been monitoring for any signals from the rest of the planet, but nothing yet.”
The older man looked at a display hologram in front of him. “From what I can ascertain, the mission was a failure. The subject still lived.”
The mystery woman consulted a display as well. “It would seem the wallet was not the point in history which was critical and the woman still ended up meeting the man shortly thereafter in the airport.”
“Martina, you told us this would take care of the American. It did not.”
“We tabulated the information as best we could. Lawrence Grenville stated many times in the news of the day his parents met when his father bumped into his mother and dropped his wallet. She returned the wallet, argued with him, then they realized they had much in common. She left Carter Edwards and began a relationship with Herbert Grenville, which resulted in the birth of Lawrence. We will have to analyze the most recent trip to see when Grenville meets her.”
“Analyze, then return Wilkins to finish the job.”

My eyes focussed back on room A-16 once more. Nothing looked like it had changed, though my knowledge of temporal mechanics was weak, so I didn’t know if I would notice anything or not. The mystery woman was standing next to the table about two metres away from me.
“How do you feel Jonas?”
I started to get up. “I feel fine,” I answered. “Was I successful?”
She shook her head. “No, the point in time we thought was crucial wasn’t and seemed to move up about ten minutes. We are going to need you to go back again.”
I sat back down. “Ok.”
“No, not yet Jonas. You need to recuperate and we need to download some extra data into your mind. You are also going to have to make some changes to your approach. You look very weak and you must be very strong with this woman.” She began to recount what she had told the Group of Seven.
“If this man is so dangerous, why don’t I just kill the woman. That is what you do here, isn’t it?” I said in disgust.
“Jonas, we are not murderers. If someone has already died, then yes, we take their consciousness and delete it. If they are not meant to die that day, then we can’t do that. It violates the precepts our society was built on.”
“But this Grenville fellow who is born from their merging, you are killing him, aren’t you?”
She grimaced. “Not exactly. We are just erasing him from existence and if he is not the President of the United States, we can stop this war from happening.”
“What if you are wrong?”
“We aren’t. Now go home, relax and prepare for tomorrow.”

8

I slept fitfully that night and my dreams were…different.  I can’t explain them, and when I woke up, the bits of information I still had about them disappeared. All I know is I woke up and my sleeping cubicle was drenched with sweat. I went into the sonic shower and turned it on. It felt like I was being pricked by thousands of little pins and I immediately jumped out of the shower. I ate my protein bar – which tasted putrid – and drank my caffeine infusion – which also tasted horrible. I put on my tan-colored jumpsuit, then realized it was tan, not gray.
I looked through my belongings and found they were all tan colored now. I left my dormitory room and headed to the exit. Once there, I looked around my surroundings. Everything else looked the same, except my mindless coworkers were also dressed in tan jumpsuits. I decided to engage one of them – a younger man than I, with blond hair and brown eyes.
“Good morning to you, fellow worker,” I said. He turned and looked at me, then turned his head back and continued walking. Interesting, I thought.  There seemed to be a brain in there after all. I approached the entrance to the Temporal Ministry, where I met my mystery woman. “I must ask you a question,” I said.
“And what is that, Jonas?”
“What is your name? You know mine, but I have no idea what yours is.”
“You’re right,” she responded, then continued to walk.
“So what is your name?” She continued walking ahead of me. I picked up my step to catch up to her and saw she was smiling. “Why are you smiling?”
“Jonas, my name is irrelevant to you.”
“No it’s not,” I said. “I need to have something to call you.”
“No you don’t.” She continued to room A-16.
“I’ve noticed something different today,” I said.
She turned and looked at me. “What is different?”
“Everyone’s jumpsuits are tan. They used to be gray.” Her eyes widened slightly. “And another thing. I talked to one of my co-workers today.”
Her eyes widened more at this statement. “Did the co-worker say anything?”
“No, but he turned and looked at me. I’ve never had anyone look at me. Except for Supervisor Schenley, and you and the Group of Seven.”
She smiled. “You call them the Group of Seven?”
“I have nothing else to call them. It seems names are irrelevant to us.”
“Touché,” she responded. “Sit down please Jonas. Today you will be going back to the same body as yesterday, but we are changing the parameters slightly. You will go to ten minutes before yesterday and leave before you arrived.” She noted my puzzled look. “We will pull you out of the body before yesterday’s trip so we don’t overlap your consciousness. We’ve done that before and it hasn’t gone well.” I nodded. “What we do need you to do today is be more forceful with this woman.”
“Forceful? You mean physical?”
“No, not at all. The authorities of that time period frown upon physicality. No, you need to be mentally and emotionally forceful. She will suggest getting a coffee at a particular shop in the airport concourse.” At this point, a holographic map of the airport concourse appeared in front of me. “She wants to go here. You will tell her ‘the coffee is not good here, but there is a Starbucks further up.’” She pointed at a different position in the concourse. 
“What is her name? I assume people in that time do have them.”
“Her name is Darlene French. You have been her partner for two years, but all of this information – as well as the proper way to drink coffee – will all be downloaded with your consciousness.”
“Good. It seems the coffee may be a beverage I may enjoy.”
“Oh you will. Now, back to the mission. You must be forceful and tell her you are going to Starbucks for coffee. Do not, under any circumstances, let her stop at or near the other coffee shop. Your mission will begin shortly.”
I sat back in the chair and waited. After a few seconds, I felt the room warp and my surroundings started to change. I was once again in the airport concourse as I remembered it yesterday, though I saw the coffee shop and restroom was ahead of me. I looked around quickly and saw Darlene French walking next to me. I immediately said, “the coffee is not good here, but there is a Starbucks further up.”
“Umm, okay,” responded Darlene French. “Did you want a coffee?”
I wasn’t sure how to respond to this question at first. I searched my mind quickly to see if there was anything I should say, but there was nothing. I decided “Yes” was the proper answer.
“I’m surprised,” said Darlene French. “You normally go on about how evil Starbucks is and how it is killing the little guy.”
Again I was stumped, so I repeated “the coffee is not good here, but there is a Starbucks further up.”
“Carter, are you having a stroke or something? You seem a little out of it.”
“No Darlene French, I am not having a stroke. But we should go to Starbucks.”
She shook her head, irritated. “Fine, whatever. We’ll have the frou-frou coffee and then get on the plane.” We continued walking passed the original coffee shop and restroom until we reached the place which was, thankfully, clearly marked with the Starbucks name.
“What can we get started for you today?” asked an overly pleasant woman behind the desk.
“I’ll just have a large coffee,” said Darlene French.
“Would you like a Grande or a Venti?” the woman asked, smiling.
Darlene French pointed to one of the cups in front of her. “That one there,” she said.
“Ok, and would you like a blonde, a medium or a dark roast?”
“I just want a coffee-flavored coffee. Can you do that for me?”
The woman smiled and said “Of course.” Then she looked at me “And for you, sir?”
“I will have the same as Darlene French,” I replied quickly.
Darlene French looked at me. “What is wrong with you? Are you trying to piss me off?”
“I don’t understand.”
“Stop calling me by my full name, you idiot.”
“I apologize. What would you like me to call you?”
“Seriously, we are having this conversation?” she answered angrily.
“Here is your Grande blonde,” the woman behind the desk said. “And here is the other Grande blonde. That will be $3.85.”
Darlene – I hope that is what I should call her now – looked at me. I wasn’t sure what to do next. “Can you pay the lady, Carter?”
I reached into my jacket and pulled out my wallet. Thankfully, they had anticipated I would need to know about payments for goods. However, they had not anticipated what pieces of paper I was supposed to give for payment. The woman said three eighty-five. I assumed that meant three times eighty-five or 255. The pieces of paper in my wallet did not add up that high, so I looked at Darlene. “I don’t have enough, Darlene.”
Darlene’s face went red. “I thought I told you to bring some money. Let me see that.” She grabbed my wallet and started going through it. “What are you talking about? There’s a five right there.” She handed the paper to the woman, who gave her back some small discs and another piece of paper. I must tell the mystery woman this is valuable information to have. I took my coffee and headed towards a vacant table. “Are you not going to put cream and sugar in your coffee?”
I looked at it, then saw her standing at a station with containers with unknown contents. She grabbed my coffee, removed the lid, and poured a white liquid – which I imagine was sugar – and then some white crystals – which I imagine was cream – into the black liquid. Stirring it, she turned my coffee a dark brown color. I sniffed the beverage and realized if it tasted only half as good as it smelled, it would be glorious. Darlene handed it back to me, then mixed her own. I waited for her, then followed her to the empty table. This time I knew I must sip it slowly so I did not burn myself as I did yesterday.
I sat looking out at the concourse and took a sip of my coffee. It was the greatest thing to ever touch my tongue. I perceived a bitterness at first, but it was disguised by the sweetness of the sugar. It tasted better than half as good as it smelled. As I put the coffee back down on the table, I noticed the man who dropped his wallet yesterday. He was walking forcefully passed us and continued on through the concourse.
As he passed, I felt the concourse warp and once again I was in room A-16. I looked at the mystery woman. She shook her head. “We will try again tomorrow, Jonas.”

“What happened this time?” one of the Group of Seven asked.
“Fate is our biggest enemy right now,” one of the others said.
“I don’t believe in fate.”
“Perhaps, but this is what we know. Carter Edwards and Darlene French finished their coffees 26 minutes later, then continued walking the same way as the wallet dropper. Another person found the wallet, gave it to the authorities, who then returned it to Grenville. He, French and Edwards  boarded the flight and sat in the same row of seats. Darlene French started speaking to Herbert Grenville and the two started a relationship, which led to the birth of Lawrence Grenville.”
“Then we must stop him from boarding the flight.” Turning to the mystery woman, the Group of Seven member said to her, “Find a way to make that happen. We must stop this point in history from happening.” The mystery woman nodded and left the room.

The next morning, I sat on the edge of my bed thinking about the previous day. One thing was certain – I could no longer drink the grape-flavored caffeine infusion after tasting coffee. I got into the sonic shower and it pricked me again as it did the day before. I wondered why it was affecting me this way but stayed in until I was clean. I put on my gray jumpsuit – gray again! – and left the dormitory. I found the young blond-haired man walking and spoke to him again.
“Good morning,” I said. He looked at me and nodded slightly. When I arrived at the Temporal Ministry, I told the mystery woman about this. She did not seem interested and was distracted.
We arrived at room A-16. “Today Jonas, we are going to try something different. You are going to drive a car into the back of the wallet dropper’s car.”
“Will he not be injured?” I asked.
“Shouldn’t be. We will download the details of the mission into your consciousness so it leaves nothing to chance. Be ready.”
No sooner had she said this then the room warped again. I was now sitting in a car – funny how I knew this – with my hands on the steering wheel. The car lurched to the side a bit as I moved my hands, realizing this was the mechanism for moving the car back and forth. There was another car in front of me. This time, more information was downloaded with my mind. I knew this car held the wallet dropper. I knew he was going to stop at a red light and I knew I would not. What I was not expecting was Darlene French sitting next to me.
“Carter, you’re driving too close to the guy ahead of us.”
“I am driving at the minimum safe distance as prescribed by United States Department of Motor Vehicles.”
“Umm, okay.”
“Perhaps you should stay quiet while I operate this motorized vehicle.  I must concentrate on all indicators to ensure a safe ride.”
“That was pretty rude. You know Carter, maybe this trip is not such a good idea.” Darlene French continued talking even though I requested her to stop. Did people in this time period not realize how distracting conversation was?
In front of the wallet dropper’s car was another, stopped at the red light. The wallet dropper’s car began to slow and red lights appeared at the back of it, possibly to warn me. I stepped on the accelerator and sped up. “What are you doing?” Darlene French asked loudly. My car decelerated suddenly as I hit the back of the wallet dropper’s. The force of the impact propelled me into the steering wheel and glass barrier of the car. This was the last thing I experienced before waking up in room A-16.
The mystery woman was not there, which was unusual. Instead, she spoke to me from another room. “We are done for today, Jonas. Go home and rest.” It was only one hour later. 
I left the Temporal Ministry and walked around. I was not tired, but I did need to think. The more I did, the greater my thirst for information. Why were we doing this? I knew they said it would change our history, but was that a good thing? One thing was certain, if everything tasted as good as coffee, then it was worth it. If this, with my research into coffee bean shipments during the Crimean War, helped them bring back coffee, it was definitely worth it. And the sugar liquid. I definitely needed sugar liquid. Didn’t care too much about the cream powder though – I needed a little bitterness in my life.

“Report.”
“The mission failed again. Edwards’ car hit Grenville’s, then Grenville left his. He called emergency services to tend to Edwards, who was substantially injured, then spoke with French,  who was not. None of them were on the flight, but French and Grenville exchanged phone numbers. After, French ended her relationship with Carter Edwards and began one with Herbert Grenville.
“There must be a point in the timeline where we can stop this?” said an exasperated Group of Seven member.
“We will continue to analyze,” the mystery woman responded.

The next day, I went to the Temporal Ministry but was stopped at the door. “Jonas, we are still looking over your scenario from yesterday. We will not need you today. Why don’t you go for a walk?”
“A walk? Where am I supposed to walk?”
“Just go. I will contact you when we need you.” She turned and left me outside. I stayed for a minute, then decided to walk, as requested. I turned and headed back to the dormitory, then went past it and headed away from our complex. As I said, my thirst for knowledge was increasing, so I walked along what was once a road, but had been long abandoned. It was a darker gray than the concrete pathway to the Temporal Ministry, quite a bit wider and had the faint imprint of a yellow line down the middle.  I don’t know how long I walked for – again, the irony of not having a concept of time is not lost on me – but I went until I came across an abandoned building. It was made of concrete as well, but had fallen into disrepair. It was fairly large, surrounded by the darker gray of the road. I entered the building through a doorway and gingerly stepped on the broken glass laying on the floor. Looking at the walls, there was colorful writing on them in a fancy script which seemed rather pessimistic.  I continued walking down a hallway and passed doors – some with glass still in them, some not. Inside were rooms with small tables and chairs strewn everywhere.  The way the rooms were set up, this looked like a teaching facility of some sort.
It was both depressing and invigorating to see this facility – school, I believe they called it. I felt bad for those people long ago who abandoned the school, and I'm sure they didn’t want to and were forced to leave by the death of the vegetation. This invigorated me though, to do more and be as diligent as I could during these trips my mind took into the past.
I left the facility and continued down the road to the next building, which looked like a dwelling of some sort. Of it, there wasn’t much left. Originally it looked like it was made of wood, but the roof had collapsed in and the walls were joining it in the middle of the floor. I walked past and continued on until I reached the outskirts of a city, passing more and more abandoned buildings. I finally reached one which seemed to have some importance. 
On the outside gates it said UNITED NATIONS in bold letters. Perhaps it would be worth going inside, as I’m sure nobody had been in the building for 100 years and if the nations were united, they may have tried to solve some of the issues we now faced. I walked up to what was – at least to me – a very powerful building, made of some white stone. Along the way I had to dodge around metal poles which must have fallen over through the years. On these were the tattered remnants of multicolored fabrics with designs on them, though most of the color had faded and most of the designs ripped away.
The doors of the building were still intact, though once I pulled on the one, both fell off towards me. The heavy doors crashed down on either side of me, echoing both in the building and through the emptiness outside.  I peered inside. The only light came from the doors I just pulled off. I walked inside, slowly stepping towards a light source I saw in the distance. My focus on this meant I tripped twice on pieces of furniture which were in the most haphazard spots. I reached the light, and it came from a collapsed ceiling. The floor was covered in glass, so I reasoned the ceiling had been originally as well. My shoes were acceptable going from the dormitory to the ministry, but under these circumstances they were terrible. I crunched down on one piece of glass and it went through the bottom of my shoe and right into my foot. A sharp pain radiated up from my foot and I stumbled and fell over. My hand went down to stop my fall and it was pierced by another piece of glass.
I pushed myself back to my feet and pulled the glass from my hand. Blood started pouring out of my palm and I carefully walked backwards out of the room I was in and back towards the doors. I turned around  and realized it was getting dark outside. The doorway was getting dimmer and I still had to somehow navigate the furniture I could now definitely not see. I tripped over another piece and hit my head.

I woke up in the infirmary of the Temporal Ministry.  There was nobody in the room with me, though after I woke up, the doctor came in. “You’re lucky to be alive, technician Wilkins. Nobody in my lifetime has left the Ministry compound, so it was very fortunate you were found. Why did you leave? Are you feeling mentally unwell?”
“I feel fine doctor. I was just exploring.”
The doctor didn’t know what to say, except “There must be something very special about you.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Normally an aberration in behavior such as yours would mean immediate termination.”
“I would be put to death for exploring?”
“You always make everything sound so dramatic Jonas,” the mystery woman said as she entered the infirmary. “Thank you, doctor. I would like to speak to technician Wilkins alone.” The doctor bowed slightly and left. “You see Jonas, even the doctors have the imagination of a turnip.”
“So the doctor thinks I’m very special,” I said.
“I believe she said there must be something very special about you. There’s a difference.” She paused for a moment. “So why were you in Geneva? That’s quite a walk from here?”
“Like I said to the doctor, I went exploring.”
“You were gone for two days, Jonas. You were lucky you didn’t bleed to death.”
“I guess I wasn’t meant to die yet.”
“We don’t believe in fate here, Jonas. Every action throughout time is open to little changes and we know it will change. History is never set in stone.”
“If that’s true, then why can’t I change what I’ve been trying to change?”
“Jonas, we attempt to calculate a particular nexus in the timeline where we can change the path, like putting a rock in a stream. Sometimes the rock is too small or the placement is insignificant and the stream goes around it and follows its original course. You can put a thousand different rocks in a thousand different places and still do nothing, but if you put the right-sized rock in the right spot, the stream changes course and goes where you want it to go. We try to find that spot.”
“I guess it’s harder than it sounds.”
“It can be, but again, that’s why you temporal analysts are gathering information.  It’s not to find out about something as trivial as coffee shipments during the Crimean War.” I was disappointed my research was unimportant and I suppose she could see my disappointment. “Don’t worry Jonas, Your research was still important, just not in the way we tell you. Now get some rest. We will be sending you back again when you are better.”

It was another three days before I was able to leave the infirmary. I went straight from there to room A-16. The mystery woman waited for me there and today’s trip began as soon as I sat down. I was to cause an accident on the road before I picked up Darlene French,  stopping the meeting between her and Herbert Grenville. I completed the trip and my mind arrived back in my head. The room was empty. “You may leave for today,” the mystery woman said, speaking to me from another room.   
Once again, I realized as I was walking back to the dormitory something had changed. I couldn’t put my finger on it at first. My jumpsuit was still gray; so were the buildings and the sky. The sky was actually grayer and it seemed colder. I did notice my jumpsuit seemed thicker and warmer, and the air outside was colder.
 One thing I did notice was my foot felt normal again. I looked down at my hand and there was no sign of a puncture or any injury. Perhaps this was good news – I had at least changed history enough so I didn’t hurt myself exploring.

The mystery woman began. “No change to the timeline. Albert Atkins was still the President of the United States.”
“And the conditions outside?”
“Except for some very small breaks in the cloud cover, nothing else.”
“No contact from anyone?”
She shook her head. “Nothing so far. We are continuing to transmit on all frequencies, but it’s possible our transmitters aren’t carrying far enough without satellites.”
“Very well. We will continue for the next 12 hours with our signals, which you will boost with all available power. After that, we try the next scenario.”
She nodded, then left the room.

The next morning, I jumped into the sonic shower and found it was less prickly, but still irritated my skin. The protein bar, which I can’t say I ever savored but still ate, disgusted me now. The grape-flavored caffeine infusion was even more terrible now than before. I looked for the blond fellow I had been talking to, but couldn’t see him. It had snowed overnight, a dull gray snow which made things even more depressing. When I reached the Temporal Ministry, I did notice something different. The mystery woman’s hair was shorter and she looked haggard.
“Is something wrong?” I asked her.
“No, technician Wilkins. Follow me.” I followed her to A-16 and sat down. She looked frustrated. “Yet again, your mission failed. You were unable to stop the birth of President Albert Atkins. Today you will try again.”
I held up my hand. “Wait. I was trying to stop Lawrence Grenville, not Albert Atkins.”
“Technician Wilkins, you are mistaken. Your previous eleven attempts have been against Atkins.” I recounted my previous three  attempts against Grenville. “You are mistaken,” she repeated. The room began to warp and I was back in the Empire State Building, then the World War I trench – every scenario I had been through until the car crash yesterday. The room warped back into focus. The mystery woman left me alone. I waited for some time – I wouldn’t say it was an eternity, that’s extremely long – then I got up from the chair and walked around the room. This is when I started to notice certain things about the room. The walls did not seem solid and tended to come in and out of focus. I don’t know why I never noticed this. 
There was no other furniture except the table and chairs. I walked back to the table and tried to pull out one of the other chairs. My hand passed through it and I realized it was a hologram. I tried to place my hand on the table, but passed through it as well. I wondered why they would go to the trouble of creating a holographic table and chairs. I sat back down in my usual spot. It creaked as always, but now I was suspicious. I rapped my fingernail on the wood and it made a distinctive pinging sound, much like my old metal chair in my cubicle. I pondered this for a few more minutes until the mystery woman returned.
“You are dismissed for today, technician Wilkins. Report back here at 7:00 am tomorrow.”

“What did you find?” asked one of the Group of Five.
“His memories are consistent with his story. It would seem this President Grenville was less deadly to humanity than President Atkins,” said the mystery woman.
An older man spoke up. “We can’t just keep killing people off. We should get this Grenville fellow back and look for a different nexus point.”
“Do the others agree?” The other members of the group nodded. “Begin the process of bringing Grenville back into existence and look for a different nexus point.” The mystery woman bowed slightly, then turned and left.

The next day began like every other, though I was put out by the mystery woman calling me by my designation yesterday, not my first name. I walked to the Temporal Ministry and met her at the door. She turned and started walking; I followed. I had just sat down in my seat when she started. “Technician Wilkins, you will proceed to a time before the incident with Herbert Grenville.”
“Which one? There were a few.”
“The vehicle incident. You will step into your host’s body a few minutes earlier and instead of following Grenville, you will turn left at this street.” She indicated a spot on the holographic map which appeared as she spoke. “This will prevent you from encountering him and it will restore the most recent timeline. Do you comprehend?” I nodded and the room warped as always. I was back in the car and driving down the same street – I knew this only because I saw where the incident would take place ahead of me. I started to slow down looking for the intersection I would turn at. I was about to move into the turning lane when Grenville’s car sped passed me on the left. Narrowly avoiding it, I moved in behind him, then into the turn lane.  Turning left,  I found myself on a less busy street, but noticed a familiar sign. I turned the vehicle into the parking lot and waited to go back to room A-16. When it didn’t happen as I expected, I exited the car and headed for the shop entrance.
“Welcome to Starbucks. Why can I get started for you today?” asked the red-haired woman behind the desk. The Starbucks started to warp and I found myself back in the chair.
The mystery woman was horrified. “Jonas, what did you do?”
“What do you mean? And why is your hair longer?”
“Whatever you did changed everything. Go back to your room and get ready for tomorrow. We have to fix this.”
I left my chair and tried the table. This time is was real. Strange. I left A-16 and headed back to the exit, but it wasn’t there. Looking around, I saw fewer people and nobody heading for an exit. I went back to the mystery woman. “Where is the exit?”
She looked perturbed. “Exit? There’s no exit. Return to your level and come back tomorrow.”
“I had a dormitory room outside the building. Where is it?”
“There’s nothing outside the building. There’s just this and the underground.” She waved at the wall. “What you did was so cataclysmic, it changed our timeline completely.” A technician entered the room. “Show technician Wilkins his room.” I followed the technician, but looked back before the door closed. The mystery woman was sweating.

“Report.”
“The last change was disastrous. When Wilkins turned left and went into the coffee shop, he wasn’t pulled out of the host body fast enough. It allowed him to go in and start talking to the woman technician. He was pulled out, and the consciousness of Carter Edwards was re-inserted into his body. 
“But how did that change the timeline?”
“Edwards talked to the woman too long, and the next man in line, Lester Petrovski, was served by a different technician. Petrovski was supposed to start a relationship with the woman, marry her and have three children.”
“And one of these children caused the events?” asked one of the Group of Five.
“No, one of Petrovski’s children in our timeline prevented these events. Louisa Petrovski was a scientist with the American Department of Defense working on a biological weapons program. It was supposed to be a third strike weapon against an aggressor, but when she found out it had the potential to wipe out humanity, she told the proper authorities and the project was halted. If Louisa Petrovski is not born, nobody stops the project, it goes ahead and – as you see outside – life is basically terminated on the planet.”
Another Group member spoke. “You’re telling me Wilkins stopping for a coffee destroyed life on Earth?”
“Minister, you know the story of Leopold Lojke. One wrong turn can kill millions. In this case, one left turn killed billions.”
“We have to be more careful with these insertions.” The Group member turned to the mystery woman. “Make Wilkins aware of his mistake and move on to the next scenario.” The woman nodded and left.

9

I was led down multiple stairways to the lower levels of the building. I was unaware of their existence up until this time – I believed the building was only above ground and never thought much more about it. The technician finally stopped at level W, where she directed me to a room partway down the hallway. I went inside – it was like my dormitory room, but much more cramped and no shower. I sat on the edge of my bed contemplating the latest trip. Did I cut someone off while driving? Did I stop somebody from getting their coffee? Was it my very presence which changed history? I grabbed the caffeine infusion from its dispenser and took a sip. It tasted like…nothing. It wasn’t refreshing, relaxing, grape-flavored – I’m not even sure there was caffeine in it. Likewise, my protein bar was bland, but slightly acidic and tasted putrid. I grudgingly ate it and choked it down with the infusion.
The rest of the day, I was unsure what to do. I dared not leave my room – mainly because I had no idea where I was going. At 8:50 that night, after a very long time contemplating my life, a buzzer sounded and my door opened up. I sat up from my bed and looked out. There was nobody there, until I saw the start of a stream of people walking naked in the hallway. I went to the doorway and looked out. There was a constant line walking to the left. I chose to stay in my room. A voice spoke to me. “Technician Wilkins. Remove your clothes and join the shower line.”
I stripped down, understanding the line now. We walked to the end of the hallway where we entered a chamber which looked like a large sonic shower. The floor moved below me – we were on a conveyor belt of some sort – and the group moved through the shower effortlessly. I didn’t really like being with the other technicians – I preferred to think by myself in the shower. They seemed like cattle headed to the slaughter (I learned that metaphor from the minds of one of my hosts). At the end of the conveyor, everyone stepped off and continued back to their rooms. I went in mine and the door closed behind me.
I stood naked for a few seconds when the door opened again and the mystery woman stood in front of me. She looked at my naked body briefly. “Put some clothes on.” I quickly grabbed my jumpsuit. “Technician Wilkins, I must speak with you before your next insertion.” I finished zipping up. “You must be more careful. Every little thing you do can change history.”
“But I only went to get a coffee.” I answered.
“Do you not remember the whole ‘wrong turn – World War I, straight ahead – peace in our time’ conversation? Everything is interconnected. Only do what you are told to do – nothing else. Do you understand?” I nodded.  “Good. We are going to implant you into the same person, just ten minutes earlier. Pull the car off the road and just stay there. Do not leave the car, do not pull into Starbucks and do not get coffee.”
“I understand.”
“Good. Now come with me and let’s get things back to normal.”
“How do you know what’s normal and what isn’t? I mean, doesn’t everything change when I go back?”
“Everything and everyone changes, but we analyze your memory patterns when you return, so we have a good idea how our present should be. This allows us to pinpoint where and when we should send you.”
“What’s to say this is the correct present for us? Maybe we were supposed to be underground like this.”
“Don’t get philosophical on me, technician Wilkins. If we can make the present better by just a few changes in the past, doesn’t that make sense to you?” I nodded again. “Good. You need to be on board and with us, otherwise this won’t work.”
“On board what?”
“Just a saying.” We arrived again at room A-16. “Are you ready?”
“Yes.”
“Good. Now remember: stay in the car, don’t go anywhere. Understand?” I nodded, and the room warped once again and soon I was back in the car I had been driving earlier. I pulled off to the side of the road, threw it in park – I have to know how I knew what “park” was – and just sat there. I saw the car with Grenville speed by, then waited for about ten minutes. Again, I wondered why I wasn’t retrieved. I heard a knocking sound on the glass next to my head. I rolled down the window.
“License and registration please.” Thankfully, I knew what a peace officer was and where I would find the license and registration. “Why have you been stopped outside a bank for the last 15 minutes?” he asked me.
“I was looking for a Starbucks,” I answered.
“The nearest one is four blocks down, on the left. Can’t miss it. Now move along.” I was dumbfounded. I was told to stay by the mystery woman, but now this peace officer was telling me to leave. I stayed motionless. “Listen Mr. Edwards, move along or I’m going to have to give you a ticket.” I didn’t know what a ticket was, but it was probably less severe than what the mystery woman would do to me if I failed this time. I stayed where I was. The peace officer looked perturbed. “Mr. Edwards, move along or I’m going to have to take you in.”
“Take me in where?” I asked.
“Jail. I’m going to take you to jail,” he said slowly. I did know what jail was, and it was definitely more severe than what would happen to me. I started the engine and slowly inched out of my parking spot. The peace officer stepped back and watched me leave. I looked back at him in the rear mirror and continued driving through an intersection and then I woke up back in a clinical bed in the infirmary. The mystery woman was standing over me.
“I don’t know what it is with you technician Wilkins, but you keep making things worse.”
“What did I do now?”
“When you moved from your spot, you continued into the path of a delivery truck, which hit your car, killing you. We have been working for the past 27 days trying to rebuild your consciousness and erase that memory. Now we must place you further back so that doesn’t happen. Again.”
I shook my head. “Can’t you just have someone else do this?”
“You are the best candidate unfortunately.”
“Are we still living underground?”
“Where else would we be living?” I told her of my previous life. “I wish it were that good. Rest and be ready. You will be going again tomorrow.”

10

The mystery woman walked me back to A-16. “We are going to try something different today, technician Wilkins. We are going to put you in a day earlier. You are going to stay in Edwards’ apartment. You are not going to leave. You are not going to touch anything. You are just going to sit and do nothing.”
It sounded boring, but if it did some good, I was up for it. I sat down in my usual spot and waited for the room to swim. After a few seconds, I looked around. Nothing was happening. The mystery woman looked at me. “Are you still in there technician Wilkins?” I nodded.  She looked over to one of the walls, then back at me. “Wait here.” She left me sitting there, waiting for something to happen. After a few minutes I became restless. I left my chair and looked around the room. It was then I noticed a flicker on one of the walls. I blinked and looked at it again. The wall flickered again and I briefly glimpsed another room behind the wall. I walked over and touched it – it felt like glass, not cement or wood or plaster. As I touched it, the wall flickered once more but this time the illusion stopped. I was looking at a large plate glass window with lab technicians scurrying around. Talking to one of them was the mystery woman. I pulled my hand back and turned and headed for the door. I left A-16, then turned towards the windowed room. I tried to enter, but it would not open for me. Impatiently, I rapped on the door. After doing this a few times, the door finally opened and the mystery woman came out.
“I told you to wait.”
“What is going on?”
“The Hadron Collider has lost power. We are trying to restart it, but it will probably take some time. Return to your room and wait there.” I went back down to my room and waited. It was not long before my door opened. As before, there was nobody there except random people walking by. This time they were clothed, but just as oblivious as before. 
I stayed inside until a voice called out to me. “Technician Wilkins, proceed with the others.” I did not move. The voice repeated the command and I did not move. 
Two guards appeared at the door. They crashed into the room and grabbed me, pushing me out into the hall. I stayed still, so they grabbed me again and forced me down the hall. We went down to the shower area again, but this time everyone was entering fully clothed and one by one, the door closing after them. When the door opened, the shower was empty. I was pushed to the front of the line by the guards and then into the shower. The door shut behind me. The lights dimmed and I started to feel a tingle in my legs. The tingle went up through my body and I convulsed as a current shot through my body, increasing in intensity. I started to black out and fell to the ground. When I woke up, I was back in the clinical bed again. The mystery woman was standing next to me again. “What just happened to me?”
“A mistake, technician Wilkins. Nothing more.”
I sat up in the bed. “What kind of mistake was that? What happened to the people in front of me?”
“It’s really none of your concern.”
“Let me be clear, mystery lady who won’t tell me her name: I am not doing this anymore until you tell me what is going on around here.”
She looked briefly at the wall behind me, then back to me. “Follow me.”
“I said…” I began.
“Everything will be revealed to you. Just come with me.” 
I gingerly swung my legs over the side of the bed and down to the floor. I stumbled slightly, then regained my balance and followed her out of the clinic room and down towards A-16. This time, we turned a different way and headed down a corridor I had never noticed before. The floor started elevating and soon we were in front of what looked like a blast door. To the right of the door was a small screen. She touched the screen and an image lit up on it. There seemed to be nothing on it except some horizontal lines. “What do you see?”
I looked again. “I don’t see anything.”
“Exactly. That is a view of outside this installation. There is nothing out there. Hurricane force winds, no animals or vegetation, no sunlight and certainly no humans.”
“I don’t understand. The world I came from was far from perfect, but it wasn’t that bad.” 
She turned and walked back down the hall. “You are not the only one who has been travelling back to fix our errors. Some have been successful, some – not so much. You are the most prolific error generator we have right now, which has not helped us. We know there were 650 people on Earth when you first started this voyage. Any idea how many there are now?” I shook my head. “As of this moment: 38. We have no way of sustaining this and frankly, this trip will be your last and the last one any of us makes. There is not enough power to run the Collider after this.”
“I thought it wasn’t running at all?”
“We have found alternate methods of powering it.” She evaded answering further, so I pressed.
“And they would be?”
“Fusion power.”
“And where are you getting the water for this? I’m assuming there’s not a river flowing through the facility.”
She gritted her teeth and sighed. “The human body is 60% water. The people who were in front of you were harvested and the water in their bodies extracted.”
I stopped in the hall. “Wait. You’re telling me you killed innocent people to power your little toy?”
“Innocent? Yes. Killed? No. We harvested them, much as you would harvest a fruit.”
“Fruit don’t have brains, feelings and emotions.”
“Actually, the people you saw barely did either. Those people were grown for a distinct purpose and when their purpose is no longer necessary to the survival of humanity, we have to use the resource as best as we can. They had no feelings, no emotions and most of them barely had a brain.”
“But they did have one.”
“Technician Wilkins, we have one last attempt at this and after that, everybody on this planet dies. There is not enough food or water or fuel to keep going, so if this doesn’t work, then they would die anyway.”
I threw up my hands. “Fine. Let’s just finish this.” I pushed past her to room A-16. Sitting down in my customary chair, I waited for it to begin. 
She entered as I sat down. “Now remember, just stay in the apartment and do nothing. We will pull you out at 4:27 the next morning.”
“Why 4:27?”
“Darlene French will try to contact him and get him to leave to catch the flight. We can’t let that happen today. This should guarantee that neither of you get on the aircraft and neither of you meet Herbert Grenville,” She looked me in the eye. “Now go and do this so we can get back to normal.”
“I’m ready.” I hoped never to see that version of my life again. The room warped and when I looked around, I was in an apartment. It was exciting, since it had windows and I could see a city skyline, or at least part of one. I was sitting on a large, well-stuffed chair, though it must be for someone excessively wide, since the arms were at least a metre away from me on either side. I looked to my left at the skyline again, then to my right and was startled with a large sleeping animal next to me. The mystery woman never mentioned any wild animals in the apartment and, as I found out later, the mention of the man’s dog was left out of my preparation during the confusion of the Hadron Collider’s energy source.
I very quietly left the large chair – or sofa, as I believe it was called – trying not to wake the dog up. This failed miserably when an object on a table next to the sofa started making a loud alarm. The dog woke up and looking lazily at me, wagging its tail. I went over to the machine making the sound and looked for some way to turn it off. The machine looked like it would come apart into two pieces and I picked up one, stopping the alarm. A voice from the machine spoke to me.
“Hello?” A brief pause. “Hello?” it asked, more urgently. “Carter, I can hear you breathing.”
The machine was intelligent, it seems. I answered it back. “Hello?”
“Carter, are you coming in to work today or not?”
“I am staying in the apartment and doing nothing,” repeating my orders.
“Look Carter, that might have worked over at Enron, but here at WorldCom we have different standards. Either get your ass into work or find yourself another job.”
“I am staying in the apartment and doing nothing,” I said again.
“Do what you want, you fucknut. You’re done here.” The voice stopped talking and was replaced by a buzzing sound.
“Hello?” I asked the machine. “Hello?” I put the piece back down where I found it. The dog was still wagging its tail. It seemed friendly, so I touched it near its tail. The tail wagged more. I stroked the hind area more and the dog seemed happy. I sat back on the sofa and started scratching the dog on its head.
I continued scratching the dog for some time, then got up and looked around the apartment. There was a viewing screen on a table against one wall. There were some buttons on the bottom of it, one of which was marked “POWER.” This seemed like a good place to start. After a few moments, an image appeared on the screen of a man talking. I don’t think he was talking to me, but it was possible. He was speaking English, but most of what he said made no sense to me.  The image changed to that of another man, who seemed to be answering questions the other was asking. At the bottom of the screen were words scrolling from right to left, again nonsensical. I decided to leave the power on to the viewing screen, in case something important showed.
I walked back towards the sofa, then over to the two windows on the one side of the apartment. I was a few metres above ground and there were many buildings around me which were much higher. The sky was gray, though not as gray as in my time. And there were birds flying in the sky – again, something I had never seen in my time. I watched for a few minutes, then looked around the apartment. I knew I wasn’t supposed to do anything, but I was starting to get hungry. I walked around looking for any sort of food. There were small doors in an area of the apartment. I opened the first one and found ceramic plates and glass containers. The next contained plastic containers. The next had bags and metal canisters. Both had pictures of various foods on them. The metal canisters looked impregnable, so I focused on the plastic bags. The first one I saw had the word DORITOS on it and under it the words NACHO CHEESE. Cheese was a food, but I was clueless to the NACHO and the DORITOS part of it. I looked through the other doors for a knife or something like it to open the bag. Finding one, I delicately poked a hole in, then began to saw through the plastic. The smell of the DORITOS was different – one I had never smelled before, but it did make my mouth water. I looked inside and saw triangular orange wafers. I took one out and licked it. This NACHO CHEESE flavor was exquisite. I gingerly nibbled a corner and found it was also delicious. I ate the rest of the first wafer, then grabbed a second. Then a third. Soon, I had eaten the entire bag.
My fingers were coated with the orange from the DORITOS. I panicked, thinking the coating would somehow damage my skin. I wiped my hands vigorously on a piece of fabric hanging over another viewing screen in the area. This viewing screen had no power button near it, but when I pulled on the fabric, the screen moved forward slightly and a light went on behind it. When I let go of the fabric, the light went out again. I pulled harder and I could see behind the screen. There were two grates in a small cubicle with a light at the back. It was too small for a person to get in, so I assumed it must be for the dog.
The DORITOS made me quite thirsty. I looked behind other doors for some water or some sort of caffeine infusion. There was a large white door at the end of the area, which when I opened it a light went on as well. Inside were many different foodstuffs, some I recognized, some not. There were clear plastic bottles of what I believed were water, another clear glass bottle of more water and some plastic bottles with dark liquids inside. Since the water was the safest bet, I picked up the glass one marked “ABSOLUT” and opened it. I took a large sip from it and swallowed. It was not what I imagined water would taste like. It went down in a fiery gulp and I felt my face get warm. I decided I did not like water, and instead tried one of the dark liquids. 
There were two different ones – one marked “Coke” and the other marked “Dr. Pepper.” From my research of the Crimean War, I remembered coke was a derivative of coal, and if the other had the honorific of a physician on the side, it would be the wiser choice. I removed the lid and took a much smaller sip. Dr. Pepper’s elixir was sweet and bubbly and also not to my liking, but it was much less offensive than the “ABSOLUT” water.
I sat back down on the couch and watched the viewing screen while I drank from the Dr. Pepper bottle. After a while I finished my drink and noticed pain coming from my stomach. It was a sharp, cramping pain and I wasn’t sure what to do. Any previous pains I had were taken care of in the infirmary, but I didn’t have that option now. I gripped my stomach hoping to give myself relief, but with no luck. I could feel pressure building in my stomach and I thought if I could release the pressure, it would help my pain. I attempted to flatulate to relieve the pressure. I pushed and pushed and finally felt something come out – just not gas. I soiled myself, so I rose from the sofa again and looked around for a shower area. Behind one door down a hallway was a cleaning room, with what seemed like an area to relieve myself further. I stripped off my clothes and sat on the white chair, allowing my issue to exit my body. After I finished, I walked over to a large basin with two handles and a tube. It didn’t look like the sonic showers we had, but thankfully the operation of a shower was implanted in my head and I turned both handles. Water – I assume – came from the tube and started to gather around my feet. I pulled the small button up at the end of the tube and instantly water started flowing from a metal dish protruding from the wall.
I never had a water-based shower before. It was exquisite. There wasn’t the prickling of the sound waves pounding my body clean, just warm water cascading down my shoulders, back and chest. I let the water run over me for a few minutes, then realized it was doing nothing for the feces which was still clinging on my backside. I looked around the basin and found some liquids on shelves. Assuming they were cleaning agents, I opened one and squeezed some out. I looked at the bottle – it was marked “Head and Shoulders.” I used it to clean my head and shoulders, then looked for another bottle which I hoped would be marked for the rest of my body. There was none. Hoping I would not cause an incident, I looked around the room and not seeing any monitoring devices, squeezed some more of the liquid out and proceeded to quickly wash the rest of my body. I let the water rinse me off, then turned the handles until the water ceased to come from the metal dish.
I stepped out of the basin and walked back out to the main area. I knew I could not just stand naked there, but I found no other clothes to put on. I walked back down towards the room I had just left and spied another door on the opposite side. I opened it. The room had a large bed – much larger than any I had slept in before – and a few pieces of furniture with more doors. I pulled on the top drawer of the first piece. Inside were undergarments (I think). The next held shirts and the last two had bottom pieces. I put on the undergarment first, which covered my middle area, then a shirt and finally, a very comfortable pair of bottoms. My soiled clothes I picked up from the bathing room and put neatly in a pile on the floor of the sleeping room. I laid down on the bed and reveled in its comfort. It was soft – much softer than anything in any of my present time periods. There was a cushion of some sort which I put my head on. It was glorious. I laid staring at the ceiling of the room until I started to doze off. At least this would be safe from any interference in our time period.
I woke up again at 11:32 according to the time measurement device next to the bed. I rose from the bed and headed back out to the main area. The dog was standing by the door wagging its tail. I didn’t know what this meant, so I ignored it. I looked at the viewing screen and a different man was speaking now, this time about something called baseball and Yankees.  The dog started to whine. “I am sorry wild animal, I don’t know what you require.” The dog let me know what it required when it urinated on the floor. A very intelligent animal.
I walked back over to the chilled cabinet where I found Dr. Pepper’s health drink. I found some red and white boxes with what I believe were Chinese characters on them. I opened one, and a sweet smell emanated from the box. I stuck my finger in and tasted it. It was a fabulous taste sensation, sweet with a hint of a spice of some sort. The juice surrounded a meat of some description, and I sampled a piece. Heavenly. Soon, I had finished the contents and moved on to the next one. Thanks to earlier research I had done, I knew this was rice, a staple food in the Far East. This I also ate ravenously. I sat down on the large chair and watched the man talk on the viewing screen. He interspersed his speech with other images of men running, catching and swinging a pole at a ball. This was truly the most boring trip I had ever taken, but I wasn’t moving, and I was definitely following my orders.
At 1:14, the alarm machine by the chair sounded again. Since the animal was awake, I chose not to silence it. It sounded again a total of seven times from then until 2:06. I don’t know why this Carter person would have so many alarms go off at such a late time, unless there was an emergency. Perhaps there was a fire. Then again, it didn’t matter to me, since I was to stay there until 4:27, whether the apartment burned around me or not. I watched the time device in the bedroom from 4:00 on, finally relieved at being pulled out at 4:27.

11

I woke up back in the chair in room A-16. The room had changed substantially. It was much bigger, and the chair was much more elaborate. There were viewing screens all around the room. The mystery woman was there – her hair was longer and she looked younger. With her were five men and women in lab coats as well as another seven important-looking types.
“Congratulations Jonas!” one of the important types exclaimed with a broad smile. “Your mission was a complete success.”
I started to get up out of the chair and two of the VIPs helped me. “I didn’t think it was that big of a change,” I said.
“You’re too modest. Come on, these people” she pointed to the lab coats “will debrief you and we can discuss this further.” The lab coats led me away to another room down the hall. Again, the hall was different – it was not as dark and dingy as the last two trips, and even brighter than before I started. They led me to a large open area in the Temporal Ministry building – an area which I had never seen before and I don’t even think existed before. There were large windows looking out over a vast green area and the sky was a beautiful blue.
“When did the sky change?” I asked.
The lab coats looked startled. One of them asked in return “Changed? What changed?”
“Well, it’s blue. It’s never been blue.”
“It’s always been blue, Colonel Wilkins. Is it a different shade of blue? Is blue a color you are unfamiliar with?”
“No. It used to be gray.” The lab coats were intrigued and three of them started talking quietly.
“When was it gray? After which trip?”
“After all of them. Actually, before I even started.” They were even more intrigued and now all of them talked quietly, but not to each other – they just seemed to be talking to themselves. “Who are you people talking to?” I asked.
One of them stopped. “We are taking notes and inputting them into the central computer.”
“Did you not notice this when you uploaded my consciousness?”
“How would we notice that?” I explained how previously they could tell what had happened. “Interesting. We must check that.”
I was at a loss how they wouldn’t still be using some of the same procedures, but by this point we were in another room and the five of them gathered on one side of a table and I was on the other. “Colonel, please tell us what happened at your last attempt.”
“Wouldn’t it just be easier to look at my consciousness records?”
The five of them stared blankly at me. Finally one of them said, “We don’t understand what you mean.” I explained, the best I could, how it had been explained to me by the mystery woman. They still looked dumbfounded. “We had never done that before. What you are asking is well beyond the field of science.”
“It wasn’t,” I shot back.
“Just tell us what happened.” I explained my day (leaving out the soiling – I was a little embarrassed about that) and finished with sitting on the bed, waiting. “So this message from the machine, asking you if you were working or not, what were the names they used?”
“They used Carter, Ron and World Calm.” 
The five of them spoke quietly (taking notes again, I assume) then one asked me “Could the machine have said ‘Enron’ and ‘WorldCom’?”
“Yes, it could have.”
The lab coats were excited. “You made a change to this timeline which we never could have imagined. Our computers believe if Carter Edwards had gone to work that day at WorldCom, he would have stayed there for another four years, languishing in a job he hated until the company went bankrupt. He would have still married Sarah Stern and they would have had children, but they would have divorced shortly after. In the true timeline, Carter was fired from WorldCom for staying home that day. He went on to work for a company called Google and developed some of the AI technology we still use today. Fascinating!”
“What happened to Darlene French and Herbert Grenville?” I wondered.
The lab coats looked puzzled at first, then all five bent their necks slightly and held there for a few seconds. Finally, one of them answered. “Telephone records from that time show Darlene French calling Carter Edwards a number of times before you were extracted. After that, there is a marriage record with a Daniel Goodwin and two children. Herbert Grenville we show having no link to either person. Would you like us to research further?”
“So French and Grenville never met on an aircraft flight?”
They tilted their heads again and a female lab coat responded about ten seconds later. “We have no record of that. The only similar match we have was a flight Grenville took on June 11, 1999 from New York City LaGuardia airport to his domicile in Cleveland. French was booked as a passenger – as was Carter Edwards – and both failed to take this flight.” 
One of the lab coats looked like she realized what had happened. “I see what was done. A previous version of Colonel Wilkins in an alternate timeline prevented an incident. Can you elaborate?” I told them my knowledge of the Grenville-French coupling. 
“That is interesting. There was no United States President with that name. There were some tensions with North Korea and China in the mid-21st century, but they were solved diplomatically,” the female lab coat said.
“So no nuclear war?”
“Never. We managed to avoid it.”
“How many people live in the world?” I asked.
“Thirteen billion, 420 million,” answered one of them.
It seems I had repopulated the Earth. “What problems are there on Earth? Overpopulation? Not enough food? Global warming? Nuclear war?” The five talked in their low tones, then started answering.
“The Earth is perfectly populated,” answered one.
“Everyone is well fed,” answered the second.
“There is no nuclear war,” answered the third.
“And we’re not sure what you mean by global warming.”
“So everything is perfect then? The world is great?” I asked.
“Nothing is perfect, Colonel Wilkins. The world is great, though.”
I held up my hand. “Why do you insist on calling me Colonel Wilkins? My first name is Jonas.”
“Colonel is your rank, sir. We wish to be as hospitable as possible. If you prefer, we will call you Jonas Wilkins.”
“I would prefer.”
“Then Jonas Wilkins, we have completed our assessment of your most recent voyage. Please return to your complex and await further instructions.”
I left my seat and headed back towards the atrium. I took a long gaze outside. The trees – there were trees! – were green, as was the grass. The sky was blue, there were people outside and they seemed to be walking independently. What I mean is, they were not behaving like drones. It seems I did make the world a better place. I went back through the atrium, then looked for the exit. The mystery woman caught up with me. “Do you need assistance, Colonel Wilkins?”
“Would you please stop calling me that. My name is Jonas.” This world may be perfect, but it was extremely irritating. I looked back at her. “Yes, how do I get out of here?”
“You don’t remember? That’s very troubling.”
“It’s not that I don’t remember,” I said. “It’s just – none of this existed in my world.”
“But this is your world,” she countered.
“For someone who explains the intricacies of travelling back in time, you don’t seem to have a grasp of how things can change from one point in time to now.”
“I’m very sorry sir.”
I was finding this version of the mystery woman extremely frustrating.  “Just get me out of here,” I said. She led me to the exit of the atrium, which also was the exit of the Temporal Ministry. I looked back at the building – it was much smaller than the one I was used to, and much more architecturally stunning. Instead of the gray block of concrete I was used to, this one was mostly glass and shimmered in the sunlight. I looked forward again and realized all of this had changed too. No longer was it a dull concrete path through dull gray landscape. Now it was a reddish-orange pathway through a beautiful garden, full of flowering plants of hundreds of different colors. 
“I have no idea where I am. Where is my dormitory?”
“You mean your complex? It will be faster to take a floater,” she said. We walked over to a group of what I assumed were vehicles, but unlike the cars of the twentieth century I had last visited. These were white and sleek and true to their name, floated just above the ground. We boarded one of these floaters.
A voice spoke from the walls. “Good afternoon Colonel Wilkins and Captain Potenza. What is your destination?”
“Please take us to Colonel Wilkins’ complex,” she said.
“We will begin our flight when you have taken your seats,” the voice said. We sat. “Thank you. ETA is six minutes, thirteen seconds.” The floater headed straight up, then started forward once we hit a certain height (which I did not know). It seems I no longer lived in the dormitory – and I’m not sure if the dormitory was even there anymore. It was now that I realized it was probably better to say very little. It was also at this point I realized the mystery woman – whose name was Captain Potenza– was staring at me.
“Is there something wrong, Captain Potenza?” I asked her.
She quickly averted her eyes. “No sir. It’s just…” she paused. “I’ve never been this close to you.”
“Ahh, I see.” Puzzling as this was, but for some reason in this timeline, we hadn’t interacted. It made me wonder who was helping me through all of this.  The floater slowed down, then started to descend. I looked out the window and was surprised to see we were landing close to Lake Geneva. The lake was perfectly blue, the sky was perfectly blue, and my mood was becoming perfectly blue. I couldn’t believe I was actually missing my gray life. 
The floater stopped and the voice said, “We have arrived at your complex Colonel Wilkins. Enjoy the rest of your day.” At least it was a polite piece of machinery. The door opened and there was a beautiful woman waiting there for us. She had dark hair, was about 30 years old and ridiculously voluptuous. I can’t say I had ever met someone who was so perfectly built – an inside joke I learned later.
“Hello Jonas. Welcome home,” she said in a silky smooth voice. I left the floater and the door started to close.
“Wait,” I said, “Where are you going?”
“Did you need something else, sir?” Captain Potenza asked.
“Well no.”
“Then I was going to go home sir. May I?”
“Yes, of course.” The door of the floater closed and it shot back upwards. 
I turned back to the busty woman. A smile curled around her lips. “Come on Jonas, you must’ve had a long day.” She started walking towards the complex – at least that’s what I think it was – and I followed. I was mesmerized by the way her hips swayed back and forth, perfectly balanced and something I had never seen before. I didn’t know who this woman was – my wife, girlfriend, neighbor or a stalker who knew too much about my life – but at this point, it seemed more pleasant than anything else which had happened in my life. We walked up the steps and entered the large building, which seemed like a hotel. There were people milling about and a desk with a man standing behind it at the back of the entrance area.
“Good afternoon Colonel,” the man said. “Your area is ready. Will Natalia be joining you again this evening?” I quickly looked over at the woman. She smiled – so I assumed she was Natalia – and I nodded to the gentleman. “Very good sir. All of your amenities have been prepared.”
Since I didn’t know the way, I said to Natalia “After you.” She led us down a vast hallway with doors every 30 meters or so. We were close to the end when one of the doors opened. A younger man came out with a woman who looked similar to Natalia, though she had blond hair and was shorter.
“Jonas, buddy! You’re back! Good to see you! I see Natalia is with you tonight!”
 “Hey buddy,” I said right back. “Good to see you.” He spoke with way too many exclamation marks. I didn’t know who he was – I guess I should – but I didn’t like him. We kept on walking.
“You really don’t like Roger,” Natalia said.
“I don’t know him well enough to not like him.” 
“You’ve known Roger since you were ten.”
I smiled at her. “Yes, but do I really know him?”
Natalia shook her head and continued down the hall to the second last door. It opened for her and we stepped inside. It was palatial, to say the least. There was a main room with very comfortable looking furniture, a counter with many bottles on it, a fireplace on one wall and a large wall of glass opposite the door. “Can I get you something Jonas?”
I was awestruck. “Sure.”
A large pane of glass opened when I neared it and I headed outside to a large garden, much like the one at the Temporal Ministry. Natalia followed me a couple of minutes later with a glass of an amber liquid with what looked like ice in it. I took a sip. It had a numbing quality to it and was definitely something which needed to be sipped. “This is good. What did you give me?”
“Your favorite Canadian rye whisky. I thought you would appreciate it.”
It did have a very relaxing quality to it. “Yes, thank you.”
“Can I get you anything else, Jonas. Would you like me to change my clothes? Or my hair?
“I’m sorry, did you say your hair?”
“Yes, I can change it to a different color if you like.” As I looked at her, Natalia’s hair color changed from dark brown to bright red. “I was trying to determine what you would prefer tonight Jonas.”
“Ah, the brown was fine.” This was more confusing than travelling into the past. “You can change your clothes if you like. I think I will do the same.”
I realized I wasn’t wearing the same gray jumpsuit I had always worn. Instead, it was a much more comfortable pair of pants and shirt and neither was gray. I looked around for clothes and found a different shirt and pants laid out on a bed in a bedroom off the main area. I changed, then wondered where Natalia had gone. I was just straightening my shirt when she came into the bedroom. She had changed out of her clothes and stood naked at the door. I knew she wasn’t my wife or girlfriend and probably not a stalker. That still left neighbor and possibly a prostitute. She seemed to be well known to the others in the complex.
Natalia approached me and rubbed her body against mine. She kissed me softly then began to pull off my pants. I wasn’t sure what was happening and stood there clueless. After a minute or so, she asked me “Am I not appealing to you tonight Jonas? Would you prefer a different companion?”
“No, not at all. I think I would just like some company tonight. You can stay naked if you are more comfortable or if you would prefer, you can put clothes back on.” 
Natalia was puzzled but chose to put her clothes back on. “Would you prefer to converse? I can speak on any subject you desire.”
“Okay, let’s sit down and talk.” We went to the sofa and sat next to one another. “Where are you from?”
“Are you asking what complex am I from?”
“No Natalia, where are you from originally?”
“I was manufactured at the main robotics facility in Guangzhou and my consciousness was downloaded here in Geneva.”
I knew the way her hips swayed was too symmetrical and she was too perfectly built – literally. Nature always puts an error in, so to see someone – something – so well made, it had to be manufactured. “What is your purpose?”
“I am here to make your life as pleasant as possible, Jonas.”
“How long have we been together?”
“One hour, thirty-one minutes and eleven seconds.”
“I meant since we first met. Have you always been here to make my life pleasant?”
“There are a variety of us here to make your life pleasant, Jonas. You do normally pick me though and that started over six years ago.”
“Can you keep a secret?” I asked it.
“If you require it. But as a construct of the Guangzhou Robotics Facility, I must remind you anything you tell me stays in this body until the consciousness is downloaded at the end of the body’s lifespan. Also, any information which is deemed classified is immediately sent to the Temporal Ministry for analysis.”
“Mmm, let’s try something different. Tell me everything you know about me.”
“You are Jonas Wilkins, a colonel working for the Earth Temporal Ministry. You were born on August 15, 2280 to Andrew and Sylvia Wilkins in Bonn. You spent…”
I cut her off. “What do you mean? Who are Andrew and Sylvia Wilkins?”
“Your parents, silly. Your family moved to New Mandela when you were six and you stayed there until you went to Oxford University, where you received your PhD in temporal analysis, minoring in counterhistory. The Temporal Ministry recruited you when you were done at Oxford and you rose through the ranks until you became second in command of the counterhistory division of the ministry.”
I slumped back on the sofa. “I have a family,” I whispered. “I have a mother and a father. Are they still alive?” I asked Natalia.
“Your mother is. Your father died during an oceanic mining mission.”
“Where is she?”
“She still lives in New Mandela.”
“Can you show me any of my life up until now?”
“Of course.” She turned to the fireplace. “Computer, show Jonas Wilkins his life history.” The fireplace flickered, then changed to an image of two young people.
“Who are they?”
“Those are your parents, Jonas. Should I notify the medical section? You seem ill.”
I shook my head. “No, I’m fine. Continue, and tell me everything.” Natalia continued for the better part of the evening, showing me images and videos of my life – my time as a youngster in New Mandela, studying then graduating from Oxford and finally working at the Temporal Ministry. Most of the ministry work was classified, and so I have no idea what I have been doing there for the last twelve years. I should be happy I have a family, a life, a perfect world. Perhaps it’s just because I’m not used to it yet. 
I fell asleep on the sofa and Natalia woke me up at 8:00 the next morning. “Jonas, wake up,” she said softly. “You have to get ready.” I stirred, then opened my eyes. For a robot, she smelled exceptionally good. “Would you like a coffee?”
I smiled. “No grape-flavored caffeine infusion?” I asked.
Natalia looked puzzled. “I’m sorry Jonas, I don’t know what that is.”
“I’m joking. I would love a coffee.” Natalia went over to the counter of many bottles and turned on a machine making an awful noise. I left the sofa and walked over to her. Ah yes, the grinding of the coffee beans. The machine began to slowly dispense the liquid gold and the smell was heavenly. I never realized how much I truly enjoyed coffee – and that was just the smell of it. 
Natalia handed me the coffee and headed towards the door. “I’ll walk you to the floater.” I followed behind, sipping my coffee. It was glorious. The man at the front desk nodded to us and smiled and we headed outside. It was bright and sunny. My eyes were not used to the sunshine and I had a hard time seeing. I took another sip of my coffee and stumbled on the walkway down to the floater. “Are you all right?” Natalia asked.
“Oh yes, just basking in the warmth.”
“It is a beautiful day again. Another gift from the Temporal Ministry.”
“What do you mean?”  I asked.
“Occasionally it rains or is cloudy, but since you went back and helped created the Weather Manipulator, it only usually rains at night or on Tuesday afternoons at 3:00.”
“We have timed rain?”
“It makes planning our days easier.”
I stepped into the floater. “Thanks for the coffee,” I said, handing her the half-filled cup. The floater greeted me again and Natalia waved as the door closed. The trip back to the Temporal Ministry was just as fast and it was incredible how beautiful the countryside was. The floater door opened and Captain Potenza greeted me.
“Good morning Colonel, I trust you slept well last night.”
“Yes, thank you. What are we doing today?”
“I am to take you to the Minister at once for a meeting.” I had never met the actual Minister of Temporal Affairs. I had wondered if he or she existed. My former mystery woman led me through the atrium to a bank of elevators on the far side. 
The elevators also spoke to us – which was slightly unnerving. I was finding it hard to determine who was real and who was a machine and was starting to have second thoughts about Potenza. The elevator whisked us up to the top of the atrium then opened on a spacious hallway leading away from the atrium’s ceiling. Captain Potenza led me to the end of the hallway and waited for the large opaque glass door to open. She looked over at me, nervously grinning. “This is the first time I will actually see the Minister.”
“Oh?”
“Well, your previous assistant had always accompanied you, and this is the first visit you have had with the Minister since then.”
“Yes, of course.” The door opened and Potenza led the way. It was a massive office – I suppose it was an office – and in the middle of it was a large glass desk with an older woman sitting at it. She left her chair and headed over to meet us. I kept walking but Potenza slowed down and hid behind me.
The Minister extended out her hand. “Jonas, my friend, it is good to see you again.”
“It is good to see you as well, Minister.” I’m not sure if that was a lie or not, since my body had probably seen her before, but my mind hadn’t. 
“You have accomplished so much for the Ministry, but this last trip was perhaps your best. The changes we noted from inside the Hadron Collider were the most monumental in your time here.”
“I am honored.”
“Holoimager on,” the Minister said. A holographic image of a man appeared in front of us. “Chancellor Zimmer, this is Colonel Jonas Wilkins.”
The image of the man looked over at me. “A pleasure to meet you, Colonel. The Minister has filled me in on the changes to the timeline you have made in your time there. What you have done has definitely made incredible changes to life on this planet.” The Chancellor looked over my shoulder for an instant. “Planet wide holoimage on all frequencies,” he said. “Ladies, gentlemen and AI of the planet, I apologize for this brief interruption to your day, but I want to take the opportunity to introduce to you Jonas Wilkins, hero of the planet and the lead fighter against temporal wrongs. He is a great man and because of his latest trip back into time, we are where we are today. To reward him for his endeavors, the planetary government has authorized me to promote Jonas Wilkins to the rank of Colonel General. Colonel General Wilkins will continue to pursue his work as a fighter for the rights of all men, women and artificial intelligences on Earth through his work at the Temporal Ministry. Thank you.” The hologram disappeared.
“Congratulations Jonas, or should I say Colonel General Wilkins,” said the Minister. “Please,” she said as she turned me around, leading me out the door, “take the rest of the day off and celebrate. Tomorrow will be a monumental day for us and you should have some time to relax.” The door closed behind me and the Minister was on the other side of it.
“Colonel General,” said Potenza as he saluted me. “It is a great honor to serve you.” Then she looked worried. “Will I still be serving you sir?”
I nodded. I really didn’t like the subservient version of the mystery woman. She was really starting to get on my nerves. “Where else can we go?”
“Anywhere you like, sir.”
“Can we go to North America? I always wanted to visit North America.”
Potenza looked perplexed. “Why would you want to go there sir? Except for parts of Canada and the old Midwestern United States, there’s not much left.”
“Hmm. Is there a viewing screen where I can do some research then?” I asked.
“Of course sir, in your office.” She led me back to the elevator, then down one floor. It seems my office was directly underneath the Minister’s. My door opened and though it wasn’t as spacious or tall, it was very well appointed. It was definitely not like my work station when I worked under Supervisor Schenley or room A-16 for that matter.
“Thank you, Captain. I’ll call you if I need you.” She nodded and left the room. I sat at my desk – my desk! – and looked for any sort of control device. “Hello?”
“Good morning Colonel General Wilkins, what can I do for you?” asked yet another disembodied voice.
“First, call me Jonas. Second, display information on New York City.” This was very disappointing. A series of hurricanes in the mid and late 21st century had decimated most of the North American eastern seaboard. Miami, New York, Washington, Charlotte and Halifax had all been abandoned by the turn of the 22nd century. Most of the inhabitants had either moved to other parts of the world, though some stayed in areas such as Cleveland and Pittsburgh. As I researched further, changing weather patterns had turned areas formerly known as Iowa, Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas into a permanent dust storm and rendered the middle of the continent uninhabitable. By the time I reached the western coast, only Seattle, Victoria and Vancouver were thriving cities. Earthquakes and drought caused the abandonment of San Francisco, Los Angeles and most of the former California and Oregon. Most of Mexico was also wiped out by drought. The northern areas of Canada seemed to be thriving, though. It seems not everything was rosy.
I continued researching for the better part of the day, with my disembodied friend coaching me through the computer system. At two o’clock, the voice suggested I get some lunch. “It would also be wise for you to get some fresh air, Jonas.”
“Yes, I suppose you’re right.” 
I left my office and headed outside. I was just leaving the atrium was Potenza caught up with me. “Sir, I know you have been working hard in your office all day, so I brought you some lunch.”
“What is it?”
She handed me a plate with bread and some vegetables. “It’s a BLT sir, your favorite as I remember.” I nodded and took the plate from her, thanking her in the process. I took a bite of the BLT, though I had no idea what it was. It was amazing. There was some type of hard, brittle pieces in the middle, with a red vegetable and a green leafy one, but I had never tasted anything like it. It definitely put the protein bars I normally ate to shame. I must have eaten it a little faster than usual. “See sir, you were hungry,” Potenza said.
“Thanks again, captain. I’m going to walk around outside for a bit. Alone.”
“Of course sir,” she said, taking the plate from me. I turned from her and headed outside yet again. The sun was bright and warm, the grass around the facility was lush and there were many flowers blooming all around. I stood quietly taking it all in and I wondered: was I responsible for all this? I mean, it definitely wasn’t like this when I left. Did that one small change I made hundreds of years in the past make the world this great? I found it hard to believe that staying in an apartment for a day and not interacting with anyone – except the very rude machine – would change my present this much.
I thought about this more, then decided to head back to my complex, though I wasn’t sure if I wanted to interact with either man or machine. As the floater descended, once again Natalia was there waiting for me. Now she wore a striking blue dress, though the cut was identical to the one she had on earlier. “Congratulations, Colonel General,” she said with a broad smile.
“You know it’s rather ridiculous.”
“And you know you deserve it. Hero of the Planet – quite the moniker. Should I bow down to you and kiss your ring finger?”
“I think that’s an excellent idea. There has to be some perks to the title.” We joked about it some more while we walked back to my unit. The door opened, and we were met by the Minister and two lab coats.
“Colonel General, we need to prepare you for what will be your greatest trip,” she said.
“I thought I was supposed to relax.”
“You can, but these two gentlemen will first prepare you. The trip you are taking will have massive positive implications for our time and both I and the Chancellor are happy to send you tomorrow.”
“How will they prepare me?”
“With every bit of knowledge we have about the 20th century. Major events, geography, history, languages. We need you to be prepared.”
“You keep saying prepare. What is there to know? Usually you just imprint the memories of the person I am replacing.”
“Oh, it’s much more than one person, but they will begin to download all the information today. You can continue doing what you are doing – they won’t interfere with you at all, it will be a program running in the background of your mind.”
“Whatever you need, Minister.”
“Excellent. Jonas, we are on the eve of the most monumental shakeup of history in history.”
One of the lab coats came towards me. “We just need you to sit down while we start the program running,” he said. I sat down and the lab coats started whispering into thin air. I felt my neck jerk, then a warm feeling came over part of my head, but nothing more. “Excellent, Colonel General. The program is downloading as we speak and you can go on with your evening.” The two lab coats left and the Minister started as well.
“Minister, can you tell me anything about this mission?” I asked.
“Jonas, all will be revealed tomorrow. It’s too exciting to just drop on you right now, but don’t worry: all of your efforts to date will seem trivial in comparison.” With that, she left Natalia and I alone.
“Well Jonas, what would you like to do?” she asked me.
“Take my mind off this. What can we do?”
“Sex is always good,” she answered. 

12

The night was eventful, and it did take my mind off what was coming – for the most part. As this was the first time I had engaged in sex, I had much to wonder about. The sounds, the smells, the sensations – it was all very interesting. Morning came and I was fast asleep when Natalia again had to wake me up. “Jonas, it’s 7:30 and you have a big day ahead of you.”
I sat up in the bed and stretched. My legs were incredibly sore for some reason. They complained bitterly to me and I got out of bed and headed for the washing room. There was a large glass cubicle which I assumed was a sonic shower. I stepped inside and immediately water cascaded down on me from the ceiling. Well, if I did nothing else for the 24th century, I did reintroduce the water-based shower. That alone should win me a medal. I finished up and dried off and went out into the main area of my unit, where once again Natalia was making me a coffee. 
“I can’t imagine how I can make this world any better,” I said to her. “If you saw the horrible worlds I have seen, you would say it’s time for me to stop.”
“The Chancellor and the Minister know what is best for Temporal Affairs, Jonas. I’m sure there are ways we can improve our planet even more. You mentioned North America – it would be wonderful if we could reverse the destruction of the continent.”
I nodded. “You’re right. I guess I shouldn’t be selfish.”
“Here, drink your coffee and get going. You shouldn’t keep the Minister waiting.”
I gulped down my coffee – it’s not as good when you gulp, I learned – and headed to the floater. “Good morning Colonel General Wilkins,” said the man at the front desk. “As always, it is an honor to have you here.” I waved politely and continued down to the floater.
“Have a good day, Jonas,” said Natalia, “and remember: every little thing you do can make a world of difference.” I nodded and entered the floater. As before, the trips were beautiful and uneventful. I arrived at the Temporal Ministry and the door opened. Surrounding the floater were hundreds of people, who cheered when they saw me. Music started to play and I was greeted by the Minister.
“Welcome Jonas,” she said.
“What’s all this?”
“A hero’s welcome and send-off. The entire world is waiting to hear our glorious news. Come on, there’s no time to waste.” I followed her to the front of the Ministry building, where it seemed all manner of dignitaries were gathered. At the front of the group was Chancellor Zimmer.
“Ladies and gentlemen and AIs,” he started. “Today is an epic day in our history. Today is the day this man – Colonel General Jonas Wilkins, Hero of the Planet – will right a great wrong. For his entire career, he has transformed history for us by making one tiny but significant alteration. All of these changes have added up to the world we have today. Yes, it is a great planet we live on, but the planetary government believes he can make one more modification which will turn our planet into a paradise, one where every corner of the globe is habitable, where everyone is happy and there is no fear, no problem that cannot be solved. Today is that day.”
The crowd applauded wildly. It was making me extremely nervous, though. I had seen how one small change could also make the planet horribly worse than before. The Chancellor shook my hand vigorously, then the Minister led me into the building. Groups of lab coats and others applauded as I passed and I smiled and waved back at them. We went back to room A-16 once more and the Minister pointed to the chair.
“Jonas, your mission is of the greatest importance and you must succeed. If you don’t, we will not bring you back. You will be lost to history and your memory will be scrubbed from our timeline.”
“Wait. What?”
“Due to the importance of this mission, failure is not an option. Therefore, if you fail, we will not extract your consciousness from the past.”
“Ok. What am I doing?”
“It is an extremely easy yet extremely important mission. We are sending you back to June 28, 1914 to Sarajevo. You will be placed in the body of Leopold Lojke, the driver of the Archduke Franz Ferdinand. You will be driving down the Appel Quay with the archduke and duchess. Continue driving down Appel Quay and do not turn right down Franz Josef Street. That is all you have to do.” 
“And what will this do?” I asked, though I should’ve remembered what Potenza told me many missions ago.
“Consult the historical records we have implanted in your brain. As you will see, taking the archduke down the side street put him right in front of his assassin. Preventing the assassination will prevent World War I. This will also prevent World War II, the Holocaust and the Spanish Flu pandemic, among other things. It will give life back to tens of millions of people.”
“Won’t that alter the timeline terribly?” I asked. “I mean, I make one little change in the late 20th century and we live in a utopia. You’re making a huge change in the early 20th and putting almost 100 million people back into history.”
“The Ministry has researched this completely,” the Minister said – and I had heard that one before. “We believe out of this group of people will come the savior of North America, someone who can stop the catastrophes that occurred. This will make the world complete and habitable again.”
“Alright, if this is what you want.” It seems doing this has given me some extra courage. “But remember, I have accomplished dozens of these missions and I have seen the good – and mostly bad – changes that can and have been made to history. You may have researched this, but you have no idea how this will turn out.”
The Minister raised her voice. “The Chancellor wants this accomplished by you, Colonel General.” Then, she lowered her voice. “This is an election cycle. The Chancellor needs a victory to show the population and ridding history of the two World Wars is just that.”
“I already stopped World War III, what’s another war.” I changed subjects. “There’s something I don’t understand – I know the timeline has changed, but how do you people? Once it has changed in the past, you should have no memories of it.”
“You really do have no memories of your current timeline. This would fascinate me if we had more time. I’ll give you the quick explanation – the Hadron Collider is always in motion and it is surrounded by a larger collider which is also always moving. This allows for a secure facility which, though not immune to the changes in the timeline, it does allow us to record history as it once happened, and how it happened after your missions.” The Minister was becoming impatient. “Now, your assistant will finish preparing you and your assignment will begin. Goodbye, Colonel General. We may not meet again.”
Captain Potenza walked over to the chair. “I was never a big fan of bureaucrats,” I said. She nodded but looked agitated. “Is there a problem, captain?”
“Sir, you can’t do this. They haven’t thought this through carefully enough. You are going to wreak havoc on this timeline.”
“Seems like a pretty good mission: end the First and Second World Wars, save millions, be home for lunch.”
“Yes, it does sound good, until you factor in the other facts.”
“Such as?”
“Such as if there is no First World War, the development of synthetic rubber, radios and fertilizer would be severely curtailed. The Russian Revolution would never have happened, and neither would the flu pandemic after the war. Or the Second World War”
“Ok, so no rubber or radios. No big deal, and all of these people would be alive.”
“Yes, there would be an extra 400 million people by our time and we would have no way to feed them, assuming one of them didn’t start a world war. And without fertilizer, they would all be dead anyway.”
“Look captain, I’m sure the uppity ups figured this all out. Now if you will excuse me, I have some hero stuff to do.” I’m sure they figured it out. Although, she was always pretty smart in the other timelines. I relaxed in the chair, and the room started to warp around me. When I was able to focus again, I was inside a large building with many people. The ceilings were high and ornate.
“Leopold, are you ready? The Archduke and Duchess will be here shortly. It is almost 10 o’clock.” The man, who my mind identified as Count Franz von Harrach, was the Archduke’s bodyguard.
“Is it wise for the archduke to be travelling in Sarajevo today?”
“Leopold, my friend, it is better for the archduke to die with honor than to skulk away embarrassed. Look,” the count said to me, “I know it is the anniversary of First Battle of Kosovo and that stirs up the national juices, but the archduke is not one to shy away from this.” He looked me in the eye. “He will be fine. The Serbs dare not try anything today. If they did, we would march in and burn the country to the ground.”
For a man with very little foresight, the count had an uncanny ability to predict the future. Anyway, it didn’t matter what he thought – all I had to do was not drive down Franz Josef Street, and poof! no World War I. It amazed me how such an insignificant event as a wrong turn could push the entire planet into conflict. The count bumped me out of my thoughts. “The train is pulling into the station. Get into the car and wait for us there.” I acknowledged the count and headed towards the exit. It was nice having all the information downloaded into my brain this time and not having to look around like an idiot. I looked back at the count. He was a slight man, completely unimposing with a large black handlebar moustache and receding hairline. He was definitely not what I would expect from an imperial bodyguard. As I was thinking, I was not paying attention to where I was going and bumped into a young woman.
“Excuse me,” I said.
“Jonas!” she exclaimed.
“Pardon?”
“It’s me, Captain Potenza.”
“How did you get here? And why?”
“The Minister sent me back to make sure you succeeded.”
I was a little surprised – I always work alone. “Oh. Umm, good, I could always use some help.”
“Actually, that’s a lie. A group of us analysts hijacked the collider and sent me back. I’m not going to help you Jonas. I’m here to make sure the assassination goes as history recorded it.”
I shook my head. “You can’t. They’ll leave me back here and tens of millions of people will die.”
“Jonas, you’re going to be left here anyway. You are on a fool’s mission. That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you. If the assassination doesn’t happen, the world doesn’t turn out anything like what you remember. Sadly, the world needs war to progress.”
“That’s ridiculous.”
“Not at all. Science moves along from necessity. The need to beat your enemy makes you think harder, to develop faster. If it wasn’t for this war, the Russian Revolution wouldn’t happen, the Communists wouldn’t take power and the Soviet Union wouldn’t challenge the United States for supremacy in arms, in space and in technology.”
“I’m sure the Minister would have considered that before she sent me here.”
“The Minister is consumed with politics, as is the Chancellor,” said Potenza. “What they failed to realize is if the atomic bomb or rocketry isn’t developed during the Second World War, the Americans don’t send a man to the moon, and the world doesn’t develop satellites, AI or the Hadron Collider. In other words, if you succeed, there won’t be a Hadron Collider and you won’t be coming back.”
“I don’t believe you,” I responded.
“I don’t care what you believe Jonas, what I do care about is making sure Gavrilo Princip assassinates the archduke and life is the same as it was.” She turned from me and started walking away. 
I grabbed her arm and spun her around. “You will do no such thing.” 
She grabbed my hand and twisted it up and pushed my arm back behind me. “I would suggest you don’t get in my way,” she whispered in my ear. “I can very easily snap your neck.” I tried to wriggle free and a group was starting to gather around us. “My friend,” Potenza said in Bosnian, “is a little drunk. I will take him out to his car so he can get home.” She led me past the small group smiling and out into the daylight. She pushed me out to the stairs heading down to the street. I stumbled down them, reinforcing her argument I was inebriated. By the time I caught my balance and turned around, she was gone.
Of course, I staggered past the group of dignitaries gathered to meet the archduke. I tipped my hat to them and skulked towards the car. The top was down and afforded no protection to anyone inside.  I waited at the rear door for about fifteen minutes, then the doors to the rail station were opened and the archduke and his wife stepped out into the light.  Behind them were the count and the governor of Bosnia and Hercegovina, Oskar Potiorek. As the two stepped down towards the limousine, the dignitaries all stepped forward to greet the couple. Finally, they reached the bottom and headed to the car, which is when I opened the door for them. I extended my hand to the duchess Sophie to help her in, and did the same for the archduke, though he refused my gesture. Governor Potiorek and Count von Harrach sat down after the couple and I took my seat and we left the station.
Our first stop was the Philipovic army camp, where Franz Ferdinand briefly inspected the troops. I sat by the car while this transpired and I swear they must have ran through the camp, because they were back to the car in about ten minutes. Our next stop was Sarajevo City Hall. I scanned the crowds as I drove but saw nothing. There were a couple of sketchy characters but nothing of note. Then out of the corner of my eye I noticed something flying towards the car. I hit the accelerator. As I looked back I saw Franz Ferdinand raise his arm to deflect the object away from Sophie. The bomb bounced off Franz Ferdinand's arm, hopped over the folded car top and into the street behind us. It exploded under the wheel of the next car and shattered nearby windows. I continued to speed up and get the archduke out of harm’s way. We arrived at City Hall just a few minutes later. I stopped the car and looked around. The security from the first car jumped out and waved over police officers who had congregated around us and ushered the couple into the building. As they headed up the steps, an enraged archduke confronted the mayor of Sarajevo – the information they implanted in my head was phenomenal – yelling at him “One comes here for a visit and is received by bombs! It is outrageous!” 
The archduke paused, then let the mayor speak. The mayor had no idea what had just happened, so he started with his prepared speech. “Your Royal and Imperial Highness! Our hearts are full of happiness.” The archduke relaxed and listened to the speech, and when it was over, they finally went inside. I waited by the car. Count von Harrach offered me a cigarette. I declined, noting to myself the statistics on lung cancer deaths which had also been downloaded into my brain.
“We must be vigilant, Leopold,” the count said. “There are people in this city who wish the archduke dead.”
“I’ll watch the crowds.”
“You did well back there,” he said, waving back towards the street. “A lesser man would have panicked.”
“Thank you.”
“So, after this, we head back down Appel Quay, then Franz Josef Street to the museum and governor’s residence. Be very careful Leopold.”
I nodded, then realized we were going down the exact road I was to avoid. The count headed back up the steps to City Hall and I walked over to one of the police officers. “Excuse me, do you know where I can get a map of the city?”
The officer looked around, then eyed up a spectator carrying a newspaper. He walked over and asked for it, which the woman graciously gave him. He came back over and handed to me. I was puzzled, but then he pointed out the route we were taking on the front page. “They did this to make sure the crowds were large for the archduke,” he said.
And gave every assassin all the information they needed as well, I thought. I looked over it, finding a route which avoided Franz Josef Street. If I took the next turn, on to Hadzi Ristic Street, I would avoid the café where Gavrilo Princip was brooding and should avoid the assassination completely. The archduke and duchess came out again after about 30 minutes and once everyone was in the car, we started off down Appel Quay. There were still many people milling about trying to catch a glimpse of the couple. Some waved, some looked coolly towards us – it was obvious the imperial presence in Sarajevo was not taken well, much as I’m sure George III riding down the streets of Philadelphia in 1776 would not have gone down well with the populace. I looked over to my left at Governor Potiorek, who nervously looked around the crowd.
“Should we not put the top of the car up?” I asked him. 
The archduke leaned forward to me. “The people wish to see me and I will not be intimidated by one man.”
“What if there are more assassins, Your Highness? Surely this man did not act alone?”
“Then we will watch for anyone else. Keep driving.”
The governor sighed next to me. I continued driving towards the Latin Bridge over the River Miljacka. It was a medieval footbridge over the river so I could not turn left. If I turned right, I would be travelling down Franz Josef Street and to the site of the assassination. Straight on I headed, passed Princip, who was berating himself in a café at the corner for not carrying through with the deed. The next street came up slowly – I just wanted this to end so I could get back to my time period. But then I thought, what if Potenza was right? What if I had just signed my own death warrant and I was now left in the early 20th century with typhoid, tuberculosis, a world ready to fall into war, where a white man has more rights than a white woman or a black man? And really, would one right turn stop a war that would probably happen anyway? The Austrians were spoiling for a fight and wanted to put the Serbians in their place. What’s to say they wouldn’t start a war next week over an offensive lunch served at the imperial palace.
I was finally at the next street and slowed to turn right on to it. The governor looked over at me, then realized what I was doing. “Driver, why are you turning here? We are going to the hospital to visit my injured aide von Merizzi.” The aide was travelling in the car behind us and was the unlucky man who took the brunt of the blast.
“No one had told me about a change in schedule.”
“The archduke wishes to see him before our next stop. Turn around and continue along Appel Quay.”
“With the governor’s permission, I would like to continue down this street and then turn around.  It would look better for the archduke if I did not reverse.  It would look like he was retreating.” 
The governor nodded and smiled. “Yes. Yes.  We would not want the archduke to look weak.” We continued on the small side street and as I approached the end I prepared to turn left.  I looked up and saw I was about to turn onto Franz Josef street.  This concerned me but what concerned me more was the apple cart overturned in the middle of the street.  I caught a glimpse of Potenza running away from the accident.  I shook my head and thought to myself, “An overturned apple cart?  Are we dealing in metaphors now?” I knew this wouldn’t end well.  She was directing me back on to Franz Josef street, and by turning right I would be back in harm’s way.
I turned around at the count, who was riding on the running boards of the limousine and asked him if he had his pistol. “Yes of course Leopold, why do you ask?”
“We are heading into a trap,” I said.
The archduke spoke up this time. “Nonsense, look at the people all around.  They adore the empire.” I looked back again at the count and he nodded at me and kept his hand in his jacket pocket.  I turned on Franz Josef Street which after one block turned right again and we were headed back towards the river.  I looked to the left and to the right for the assassin.  Everyone looked the same to me.  I accelerated towards Appel Quay and as I approached it I slowed down slightly and started to turn. 
“You’re going too fast,” the count said. “You’re going to flip the limousine!” I pulled on the hand brake quickly then tried to turn onto Appel quay but I stalled the limousine.  I frantically tried to restart it then realized after a few seconds this was the moment.  I stopped what I was doing and looked around.  On the opposite side of the car a young man approached.  The count was also on that side and I pointed past him.  He looked around to see Princip raise his hand and point his revolver at the archduke.  The count jumped down and lunged at Princip.  I looked back and tried to start the limousine once again.  The count and Princip were still struggling when I finally restarted the engine.  Princip’s gun went off and the count slumped down.  I put the limousine in gear and turned the corner hard.  The archduke slammed into the duchess, which probably saved his life because at that same moment, Princip fired his gun again.  His aim was true but thankfully the archduke’s head wasn’t there anymore and the bullet zipped through the air, shattering the windshield and continuing on down the street.
“Keep down!” I yelled at the couple and we hurried down Appel Quay towards the hospital.  The last car in our group stopped to help the count and the crowd converged on Princip, though that was the last I saw – I was too busy keeping the archduke and duchess out of harm’s way.  We soon arrived at the hospital and the governor and I quickly escorted the archduke and duchess to the front door.  The governor asserted control the situation right away. “Do you have a telephone here?” he asked at the front desk.  The nurse nodded timidly.  He became irritated. “Can you show me to it?” Embarrassed, she walked over to a room on the side of the front desk and the governor followed. He looked back at me. “Keep the archduke safe. Do not leave his side.”
I nodded and checked my pockets. Inside my right pocket I found a Steyr semi-automatic 9mm pistol. Once again, I was amazed at how accurate my downloaded knowledge was. “Your Highness, perhaps we should move to somewhere a little less public.” The archduke looked over at his wife, who nodded, then looked back and nodded at me. He was a little more shaken by these events than the last. I looked around the lobby and decided to head to my left. The second door I found was a small waiting room. I opened the door and held it for the archduke and duchess. “Please, Your Highnesses.” They went in. “I will stay outside and keep watch.”
I closed the door and stayed vigilant.  I still couldn’t believe that Potenza was going to these lengths to start a world war.  Would not the Temporal Ministry know what would happen if I saved the archduke?  In every other timeline she was the voice of reason, so why would that change now?  I didn’t have too much time to think about it because I heard the duchess scream from inside the waiting room.  I opened the door and saw the duchess looking down.  The archduke was on the floor and blood was pooling from his throat.  A figure was heading towards the window and in the sunlight I could barely make out the face until the figure spoke. “The Black Hand shall free Serbia from the imperial oppressors.  Isn’t that right Jonas?”
Now she was just mocking me.  I pulled my pistol from my pocket and quickly fired at Potenza.  My aim was terrible and all I did was put bullet holes in the plaster walls.  The governor and nurse ran into the waiting room when they heard the gunfire.  The governor looked down at the archduke’s body then told the nurse to find a doctor. “I told you to keep them safe,” the governor scolded. 
“That was your job,” the duchess said. “You knew the risks of this trip today. Baron Rumerskirch told you to line the streets with soldiers, yet you refused. This man,” she said pointing to me, “is the only man today who has tried to keep us safe.” 
During this exchange, I had knelt down to try to stop the flow of blood from the archduke's neck, though I knew it was fruitless. He made a terrible gurgling sound, then no sound. The doctor rushed in a few seconds later, pushing me out of the way. Looking down at the archduke, then feeling for a pulse,  he looked back at the duchess. “I am sorry Your Highness,  but the archduke is no more,” he said. 

13

Not exactly how I wanted this day to end.  The actions of Potenza may have preserved history as it was, but now it left me stuck in the past. The Temporal Minister was clear on the subject – failure meant exile. As there was no way to change this – I did not have the power to resurrect the archduke – I tried to think of some other way to stop World War I from happening. The course of events from here was clear: the Austrian Emperor Franz Josef – Franz Ferdinand’s uncle – would make outrageous demands on Serbia. When Serbia couldn’t fulfil Austrian desires, the emperor declares war on Serbia, which brings Germany, then Russia, France, and Great Britain into the conflict.
But the declaration of war wouldn’t be made until July 28th, over a month from now. If I could somehow either convince the emperor the war was a bad idea, or perhaps speak to the military governor, I could avert this. One thing I could do now, which was more of an immediate concern, was eat. I was very much used to eating on a very rigid schedule, and since this scenario had begun, I hadn’t had a lick of food or a drop of water and I was famished.
The governor had taken the duchess away, giving me a rather nasty glance as he walked down the hall. The doctor left with them and I was now left to myself with the dead archduke. I was hungry, but after checking my pockets realized I had very little money on me – only a couple of dinars. I carefully closed the door of the room the corpse and I were in, then knelt down and checked the archduke’s pockets. He seemed to have many of them in his uniform, but finally found a couple of gold 100-krone coins and a wad of 100-krone notes. I didn’t feel bad about this at all – the archduke wasn’t going to need it and the duchess would be well taken care of, I’m sure. I stuffed the money into my jacket pocket, then quietly opened the door.
I was surprised the governor had not arranged anything for the archduke’s body. He seemed too preoccupied with consoling the duchess. I looked around and saw a policeman by the front desk. I motioned him over. “The archduke has been assassinated.” The policeman was shocked. Then I realized I had the perfect opportunity. “It was a Hungarian anarchist. She shouted something about the Heart of Freedom and the empire must fall. You must wait here until I can arrange for the archduke’s body to be taken.”
I walked down the hall towards where the governor had taken the duchess. As I passed the front doors of the hospital, Count von Harrach was being brought in by two other policemen. “Your Grace, you’re alive!”
“I am, Leopold.” He pointed down to his stomach. “A minor flesh wound. These two fine gentlemen escorted me back from the scene of the attack. How are the archduke and duchess?” I recounted the assassination, with my own little turn on it. “Hungarian anarchists? Well, that is an interesting change of events. But what of the young Serbian outside and the bomb earlier?”
“They all must be working for the Hungarians. Are they in custody now?”
“Both of them are being held at the main police station.”
“I should like to speak with the shooter, to see if I can get any more information from him?”
“Ahh, you wish to take a little revenge, do you? Perhaps a good beating for the empire? Very well, this man will take you to the station. I will start making arrangements here. We have a long way to go back to Vienna.” He motioned to the nurse at the front desk for the telephone. 
The policeman he charged with taking me to the station led me there quickly. On the way, he started asking me questions. He was quite young, perhaps 19 or 20. “So it wasn’t a Serb who killed the archduke?”
“No, my boy, it was a Hungarian woman, dressed in black, shouting ‘Down with the Empire’ or some nonsense like that. It’s a shame too. The archduke had many great ideas.”
“Such as?”
“Such as modernizing the empire. He wanted to give full and free votes to all men. He believed each country and each man – whether Austrian, Hungary, Serb, Bosnian, Christian or Muslim – were all equal and should have the same rights. Now the weak Karl I will become emperor and will lead us to war.”
“War with who?”
“A civil war with the Hungarians. He will break the empire apart and then you, me, them – we will all be weak against the aggressions of Germany and Russia.”
“Russia would never attack us.”
“Never say never, my boy.” We arrived at the station and were quickly escorted to the cell holding Gavrilo Princip, the man who should have started World War I. He was a mouse of a young man, just 19, beaten senseless by the crowd after the shooting. He cowered in a corner of the cell when I came to the prison bars.
“The count has asked us not to be disturbed.” The officer nodded and smiled slightly. He turned and left the holding area. I looked around. There was one other person there, sleeping on a cot in the next cell. I opened the cell door – the policeman was good enough to give me a key – then closed it behind me. “You are the assassin Princip?”
He looked up at me and smiled. “Then I was successful.”
I shook my head. “No, it was a woman, a Hungarian anarchist who killed the archduke. You merely are an historical footnote.”
“Why would the Hungarians want him dead. He was their heir to the throne, he was a despot to us.” He spat. “Down with the empire.”
“Down with the empire,” I repeated. “If only you knew.” I sat down next to Princip on the cot. “Do you think you have changed anything here?”
“I know the Austrians will never take our lives from us. We will get out from their oppressive boot and become a great nation once again.”
“Oh Gavrilo,” I put my arm around him, “You poor deluded soul. Serbia was never a great nation. Rome was; England was; China and Russia and the United States will be. Serbia,” I shook my head, “Serbia is nothing.”
Princip jumped up at this. “How dare you come in here and insult my country like this. You are dirt, just like the dead despot.”
I stood up. “Princip, you must not think of things in terms of nations – that’s how wars start. You must think in terms of humanity. We are all human. Sadly, that is why I must do this.” I grabbed his hair and forced his head down on to the steel headboard of the cot. Again I did this, then when I was sure he was unconscious, I grabbed the bedsheet and forced it into his mouth and held my thumbs against his windpipe. When I was suitably convinced he was dead, I took the bedsheet out of his mouth, then rifled through his pockets. In the watch pocket of his jacket I found what I was looking for. I took the cyanide capsule he had not yet taken – but was given to him by the Serbian military – and broke it in his mouth. The potassium cyanide leaked out and with it, the signature almond smell. 
I took a pocket knife out and took a bit of the cyanide on the end of the blade. I opened the cell door and walked over to the other cell. There, I took the blade and slipped it into the sleeping man’s mouth. He started to wake and thrashed about, trying to grab the knife from me, but I tossed it on the ground and held my hands around his throat. Soon, he started foaming at the mouth and his hands, which were now firmly gripped on my arms, started to loosen and he started to convulse. I held on to his throat for a minute or so until he let go of me and started to lose consciousness. Finally, he stopped convulsing and went limp. I waited a few minutes, then checked for his pulse. Convinced he was gone, I left his cell, locking it behind me. I went back and tidied Princip’s cell, then walked back to the main door to the area.
“Guard!” I yelled out. “The assassin, he has committed suicide!” The watch commander and the policeman who accompanied me ran over to me, then pushed past to see Princip. “Did you not search the man? Did you not see if he had a suicide pill on him?” I feigned anger.
The watch commander looked shocked, then looked at the other cell which held the now-deceased Nedeljko Čabrinović. Čabrinović was the first attempted assassin, who through the bomb which bounced off the archduke’s arm. Again, coincidences are funny – a wrong turn by Leopold Lojke (or me) caused World War I. A bout of tuberculosis, compounded by the excitement of the morning made Čabrinović tired and prone to sleeping, which was a fatal decision on his part. I am happy the Temporal Ministry downloaded this information into my brain beforehand – under most circumstances it would have been useless information, but today it came in handy.
“I will be returning to Count von Harrach and the governor to inform him of your incompetence. Now we will never know of who their” I waved my hand at the corpses, “co-conspirators from the Hungarian anarchists were.”
“They were Hungarian anarchists?” asked another policeman, who happened to be standing nearby.
“Yes, a woman Hungarian just assassinated the archduke. It will mean civil war in the empire! You should all be thankful this wasn’t a Serb or a Bosnian who committed this atrocity. The emperor would have marched down the streets of Sarajevo and burned the city to the ground.”
I left and headed back towards the hospital. I started to shake as I was out of the sightlines of the police station and headed away from the hospital. I had just murdered two men without even thinking about it. I don’t know what was downloaded into my brain, but whatever it was, wasn’t good. I headed back towards Moritz Schiller’s delicatessen, where Princip had gone to drown his sorrows after the first failed attempt. I went in and asked for a coffee and then looked around, trying to ascertain what would be good to eat. There were many people inside, most talking but some were sitting at tables eating…something. I didn’t recognize it, but I knew it smelled delicious. I asked the man – who I later found out was Moritz Schiller himself – what it was and could I order it.
“Pljeskavica. It’s very good.” I waited for my meal, then handed the man a 100-krone bill. He looked at me incredulously. “I can’t make change for this. Do you have something else?”
“I don’t. But if you honor this as a debt to me, I will come back here everyday for breakfast, lunch and dinner for the next week, I will consider the debt paid.”
Schiller was flustered and the man behind me in line started whispering. I didn’t want to make a scene, so I tried: “Do you have a room then, that I would rent?” Schiller nodded. “Then I would pay for that. If that is alright.” Schiller nodded again, then took the money and handed me my pljeskavica. I sat down at a table in the window of the delicatessen, carefully putting my coffee and meal down. I took a deep breath, closed my eyes and exhaled. When I opened my eyes, Potenza was sitting across from me.
“Oh, seriously.”
“You know Jonas, what you are doing is going to cripple the world we came from. Your actions have probably erased everything we knew.”
“Everything we knew,” I repeated. “Let me tell you everything I knew. I came from a future where we were all drones, trying to escape the ravages of our century. There wasn’t even a thousand people left on the planet. There were no animals, no plants, and definitely,” as I sipped my coffee, “no coffee. And it is delicious.” 
“You have destroyed 500 years of history Jonas. You have destroyed computers, solar power, artificial intelligence and space exploration.”
I took a bite of my pljeskavica. “But, I am having the most delicious food I have ever had. You have only seen one future which I will admit was spectacular. But we can do so much better as humanity.”
“You think this is humanity?” She waved her hand around the delicatessen. “These people are ready to go to war with the Austrian empire. There is no equality between men and women, between blacks and whites, between Christians and Muslims and Jews. For the next hundred years, man will fight with man over money, land, religion and skin color. You would be lucky to not live in this century.”
I took another bite, savoring the taste of the patty. “I consider myself quite lucky right now. And you are no better than the people of this time. You killed the archduke without a second thought.”
She laughed. “Yes, I killed one man. You have already killed two and it’s just after noon.”
I hung my head. “I had to, to stop the course of events you had started.”
“And now you have started another course of events which will doom us.”
“We’ll see,” I responded. 
Potenza stood up from her chair. “Enjoy the lunch, Jonas. We probably won’t meet again, but I assure you I will do everything I can to start our past again.” 
She left the delicatessen and Schiller came over to the table. “You can stay in our daughter’s room upstairs for the next week. My wife will show you the way.” 
I acknowledged the robust woman who now stood next to Schiller. “Thank you, Schiller. I am going back to the hospital to check on the count and make arrangements for the archduke’s return to Vienna but I will return. And thank you for the meal, it was divine.” Schiller bowed slightly at this and I left the table and headed back to the hospital. I thought about what Potenza had said and that I was now a murderer and I didn’t have the slightest problem with it. What exactly had they input into my brain to make me this way? I was merely an analyst at the Temporal Ministry and now I was trying to stop the deaths of millions – by killing two men. Yes, they were not innocent of a crime, they tried to kill another man because of their desire to free their country from the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Perhaps I hastened this with my stories. Perhaps I made things worse. Since I could not head back to my own time, I would possibly never know.
I walked up the steps of the hospital and was stopped by two armed soldiers. “I am here to see Count von Harrach.”
“No one goes past, by order of the governor.”
“Tell the governor Leopold Lojke is here to see the count.” The two men ignored my request. “I am the archduke’s chauffeur and I have news of the assassination.” The two looked at each other and considered my statement. One of them knocked on the window of the door and another man promptly opened it. He told the man inside what I had said and he disappeared back inside. A few minutes later, the door opened and the count came out.
“Leopold, you have news?”
“I do, Your Grace. May I come inside and speak?”
“Of course.” He looked at the armed guards. “Let the man through.” They stood aside and I entered the building. The count ushered me into the room where the archduke was assassinated. They had not done a great job of cleaning up the blood. “What did you find out from the man?”
“Before he died, he told me he was working for an underground Hungarian separatist group. 
“The assassin died? What happened?”
“He lied to me about having a cigarette and took a cyanide pill the fool policemen did not take from him. We may never know who his co-conspirators were.”
The count pursed his lips. “I will ask my contacts in Vienna. Perhaps one of them can shed some light on this. It is a sad day indeed, Leopold. The archduke had some great ideas for the empire, but now they die with him. The emperor is an old man and rather inflexible. I feel he will not take kindly to this news. I would have you send the telegraphs.”
“Which telegraphs, Your Grace?”
“The emperor and the Kaiser must be informed.”
“You want me to telegraph the emperor?”
“I will be busy making arrangements with the governor, Leopold.”
I bowed my head. “Yes, Your Grace. How is the duchess?”
“The governor is caring for her now.” He clapped his hands together. “She wants to see you Leopold.”
“Why?”
“She is very grateful for saving her life and the life of the archduke outside. Come.” The count led me out and to the exit. He pushed passed the armed guards and motioned to a carriage out front. “Driver, take this man to the telegraph office, then to the governor’s residence. Be quick.”
I jumped into the open carriage. “Driver, take me to the local bank first.” 
He shook his head. “The count said telegraph office and governor's residence. Nothing more.”
“If you prefer, I could go back and waste time asking the count. I’m sure he would then appreciate you following orders. He would be very happy about that.”
“We go to bank then,” the driver said. He took me to the local Deutsche Bank branch. 
“Yes sir?” the teller asked.
“I would change some krone.” I gave him two of the 100-krone bills, which I had exchanged for smaller, less attention-grabbing ones. Next, I was taken down to the telegraph office in Sarajevo. I told the driver to wait, I’d be out in a few minutes. “I must send a telegraph at once.”
The operator looked up at me. “What is the message, please?”
YOUR IMPERIAL HIGHNESS. STOP.
THE ARCHDUKE HAS BEEN ASSASSINATED BY HUNGARIAN ANARCHISTS. STOP.
DUCHESS SAFE. STOP.
RETURNING TO VIENNA AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. STOP.
PER COUNT VON HARRACH. STOP.
The man’s chin dropped. “You want me to send this to the Imperial Palace?”
“Yes, and send the same to Kaiser Wilhelm at once.” 
“Yes, Your Grace!” Seems he thought I was the count.
“If you receive any response, I will be at the Konak.” I left the telegraph office and the driver took me to the Konak, the former Ottoman governor’s residence overlooking the Miljacka River where Governor Potiorek now lived. A footman opened the carriage door, then led me up the steps of the manor and inside. I was led down a long marble hallway with a red carpet down the middle, which ended at a large white staircase. We walked up the steps to the next level, then headed down another hallway until we were at a large white door. The footman knocked, then slid the door open and directed me in. The floor was beautifully inlaid with an oak parquet (which I knew thanks to my knowledge infusion), the walls were a red diamond wallpaper. Heavy silk curtains hung at the windows and a very elegant striped silk settee was flanked by two gold-inlaid armchairs, also covered in the same silk.
I looked around and saw there was nobody in the room. I wasn’t sure how long I was supposed to wait for the duchess, but I was answered quickly when she entered via a door at the other end of the room. This was the first time I really had to look at her. From the information crammed in my head, I knew she was 46 years old and she and the archduke were going to celebrate their 14th wedding anniversary a few days from now.
What the historical records didn’t tell me was she was a beautiful, elegant woman who, though she was a duchess, was very restrained when coming into the room. There was no fanfare, no flourish, no grand entrance. Instead, she quietly entered. Her face lit up a bit when she saw me. “Ah, my savior,” she said.
“Your Highness,” I responded as I bowed.
“Please Leopold, sit down.” We sat on the settee. “I must thank you again for saving me from that wretched Hungarian.” It seemed my story was sticking. “But I must ask you, what is this Black Hand Jonas the woman was speaking of?”
“I think you misheard her, Your Highness. She was speaking of a splinter group of Hungarian separatists called the Heart of Freedom.”
“I admit my Hungarian is not good.” She turned to look me in the eye. “I want you to accompany us back to Vienna. The governor must stay behind here and I want someone I will feel safe with.” She lowered her voice. “I do not feel that way with Count von Harrach, especially since this all happened while he was supposed to protect my dear Franz.” She started crying. This was the first time I had ever seen anyone cry and was unprepared and unsure what to do, so I just sat silently. After a moment, the duchess regained her composure. “Will you?”
“Yes of course, Your Highness. When are we leaving?”
“When the battleship the emperor has sent arrives. You will stay here in the governor’s residence until then?”
I accepted, as it would keep me out of the way of history in general and I would have very little interaction, except some of the governor’s servants, and possibly the duchess. It was two days of waiting, though I found it the most enjoyable of my life. The meals were superb – and I found out what the dish I had at Schiller’s was. The pljeskavica was a spiced patty made of beef, pork and lamb and I had that again, this time with a spicy cheese salad called urnebes and of course, my favored coffee. I did not miss my time in the future, if only for that reason. The rest of the food was fabulous, but I won’t get into graphic detail on that – just to say there were no protein bars made of who knows what and no grape-flavored caffeine infusion, which after I had tasted grapes these past few days, did not taste like grape in the least.
I had much time over the next two days, while we waited for the battleship to arrive. I walked the long corridors of the Konak, looking around to see what was of interest. I was dumbfounded by the opulence in the rooms, the heavy silks, the gold inlay, the oak floors. But I spent most of my time outside, wandering the courtyard. The steps going down to the courtyard were guarded by two large stone lions who sat and growled silently at anyone who entered the building. I would walk around the circular driveway, admiring the fountain and red flowers which were surrounded by the driveway.
By the third day, we were ready to leave for Vienna. Four horse-drawn carriages waited for us at the front of the building. The first held Count von Harrach and three policemen. The second carried the body of the archduke; the third, the duchess, governor and myself and the fourth carried four military guards. We left the Konak and headed for the railway station. Some crowds had gathered to watch the procession, though there was more of a military presence today than the day of the assassination. I suppose Governor Potiorek did not want to chance losing another dignitary.
The horses plodded on in the hot July weather. I scanned the crowd looking for other conspirators. The duchess gamely smiled and waved to the crowds and many cheered her, though I think it was more in sympathy than support for the Empire. We arrived at the train station shortly and an honor guard removed the casket and saluted both the fallen archduke and the newly-minted widow. The governor and count followed behind her and I behind them. I wiped the sweat from my forehead and for the life of me couldn’t understand why these people continued to wear such hot, uncomfortable clothing and headwear.
We reached the platform and the guards loaded the archduke’s body into the first car. The duchess, count and myself were to enter the third car. The governor bid the duchess and count farewell – I don’t think he liked me too much, as I only received a sideways snarled glance – and we boarded the train.
The conductor welcomed us aboard, offered his condolences to the duchess, then gave us a brief itinerary. It would be three hours before we arrived in Mostar and then another hour to Metković, where we would take a boat to the battleship which awaited us at the mouth of the Neretva. The whistle blew and the train departed Sarajevo station.
The countryside was lush and green, surrounded on both sides by the Dinaric Alps. It was picturesque to say the least. The duchess sat by herself at one end of the car, the count and I at the other end. Between us were three servants, though they mainly doted on the duchess. She shooed them away after a few minutes of badgering. I looked outside and kept to myself, as did the count. The servants put out a variety of food and proceeded to serve the duchess first, then the count and finally me. The duchess ate nothing, though she did take a cigarette when it was offered. The count also declined, and lit a pipe instead. I was only too happy to accept the food  for two reasons: I didn’t smoke and I hadn't found a meal yet I didn’t like. I started with wine salami on rye bread, which I washed down with coffee, then sampled the Viennese pastries which I understood were a favorite of the duchess. 
The count looked over at me. “You look like a man who has never eaten, Leopold.” He inhaled his pipe.
“I have never eaten this well, Your Grace.”
He exhaled. “Do not embarrass you or myself. Finish what you have then leave the rest.”
This is when the duchess piped up. “Let the man eat, Franz! I do not wish to eat now, but if he is hungry  do not let the food go to waste!”
“Thank you, Your Highness.  I have had my fill now.” She smiled and puffed on her cigarette. I thought about how everyone seemed to smoke. I had no inkling to try the cigarette – I found the smell offensive – but the count's pipe smelled divine.
 The back and forth movement of the train started to put me to sleep and I felt my head bob up and down as I tried to stay awake. I gave in and dozed off. I’m not sure how long I slept but was jolted awake by the sudden braking of the train. I looked out to see what was going on and saw smoke ahead of us. “Stay with the duchess, Your Grace. I’m going to go and see what is happening.” I took my pistol from my jacket pocket and went to the door. I had just opened it when an explosion rocked the train. I was thrown back into the car and had the wind knocked out of me. By the time I was back on my feet, Potenza was at the door with three men.
“In the name of the greater Serbia and the Black Hand, I claim your life, Duchess  Sophie of Hohenburg.” Potenza raised her hand and pointed a pistol at the duchess. I grabbed at the pistol and knocked it from her hand. The three men jumped on me and held me down while Potenza picked up her gun again. It was then the count pulled out his pistol and fired at Potenza.  The bullet hit her in the right shoulder and she dropped the pistol again. One of the three men grabbed the gun and fired back at the count. The man's aim was better than von Harrach's and the bullet hit the count in the chest. The servants had surrounded the duchess by now and the military guards the governor had sent finally made their way into our car. Potenza and the three men made a hasty exit. The guards started firing at then and the two men at the back fell while Potenza and the man who shot von Harrach were able to escape on waiting horses. The guards continued firing, felling the man's horse but Potenza had a more fleet-footed steed and escaped the range of the gunfire.
I went outside the train and looked around. The track ahead was destroyed by one of the explosions. Walking to the back, I saw Potenza had also made short work of that track as well. I went back inside the car and addressed the senior officer. “You must send word to the nearest town what has happened and to send us horses immediately. 
“Who are you to order me around, driver?”
The duchess stood up at this. “He is the imperial bodyguard and personally in charge of my safety.  If you have issue with this, you can discuss it with the emperor when we return to Vienna.”
The officer backed down, and sent one of his juniors to the telegraph operator. I walked over to von Harrach's body – he had cheated death in Sarajevo earlier, only to have his life end here. I felt  bad – the count had another 20 years to live, but at least the duchess’ children would have their mother. “Please have the count’s body taken care of,” I said with my newfound authority. The officer motioned for two men to carry the count’s body from the car and into the one which held the archduke. The junior officer returned from the telegraph operator and spoke to the senior in hushed tones.
“The garrison at Konjic is sending twenty men with horses and carriages and should be here within an hour.”
“Then we shall wait here and keep the duchess safe.” If it wasn’t such a dire situation,  I would find it amusing a temporal analyst who used to study coffee shipments during the Crimean War was now commanding a group of early 20th-century army officers. I walked over to the duchess to see how she was. 
“Leopold, you have kept me safe yet again. When we reach Vienna, I will make sure the Emperor rewards you well.”
Unless he could send me back to my time, there wasn’t any way that would appease me. “Thank you Your Highness, but I don’t do this for reward.”
“I know,  but you still must be compensated.” Her mood changed. “Leopold, that woman looked familiar. Who was she?”
My blood ran cold – if the duchess realized my subterfuge, all of this would be for nothing. I decided the truth was the best bet. “She was the woman who took the archduke's life.”
She looked surprised. “Then it was a Serbian plot after all. You said it was Hungarian anarchists.”
“I must have misheard her, Your Highness. My Hungarian is obviously not good either.”
“We must get a message to the Emperor.  He must know about this before he does something foolish.”
I went to talk to the senior officer. “I will send a message to the Emperor at once.” I went back to the telegraph operator.  “Please send this message,” I said, handing him a note I quickly scribbled.
Within the hour, the men, horses and carriage arrived from Konjic. We stopped for a break and to change the horses at Mostar, which was a small, ancient city on the Neretva River. The soldiers led us over the Stari Most, a medieval bridge over the Neretva and into town. The senior officer, who I found out was Colonel Dubrovnik (his family came from that town), let me know we would be stopping there for the evening. “It is unwise to travel through these mountains at night.”
I agreed and the mayor of Mostar had us put up in the Muslibegovic House, the finest manor in town. I made sure the duchess was settled, then ventured down to Musala Square, where I found a bistro still selling coffee. I sat at one of the tables outside and people watched. After taking a sip and putting my cup down, I felt a presence behind me. Looking around, two burly men stood on either side of me and when I turned around, Potenza was seated across from me.
“Jonas, you continue to surprise me. I didn’t expect you to get this far with the duchess. How’s the coffee here?”
“Excellent.”
She looked up at one of the burly men, who went inside. “Sadly, all you have accomplished is for nought. World War I will still be fought and the technological advances gained from it and World War II remain, including the Hadron Collider, which sent you here in the first place.”
I said nothing, preferring not to tell Potenza what I had done. “Nothing Jonas,  no bitterness, no vitriol towards me?” I shook my head. “You know I have no beef with you. You were always a fair and good overseer.”
“Good to know. How’s the shoulder?”
“Thankfully the Serbian military employs excellent field surgeons. The bullet is removed and I taught them some battlefield medicine in the way of antibacterial treatment.”
The burly one returned with Potenza’s coffee. She sipped it, then looked at me. “Not as good as the coffee in Sarajevo,  but definitely better than our coffee. You know Jonas, I expected more emotion from you. After all, I just beat you at your own game. The great Jonas Wilkins, master of temporal analysis and repairing the timeline, totally destroyed by a low-level minion.”
I sipped my coffee and smiled. “You know, in every version of my life but this one, you were my supervisor and had made multiple trips to the past. This just happens to be the one I came out on top.”
“Not any longer,” Potenza said as she left her chair. “It seems you will always be inferior to me, Jonas.” She took a final sip of coffee. “Like this cup of coffee. Adequate, but not great. Enjoy the 20th century and try to stay out of harm's way.” She left the table and I sat there watching her leave.




14

The following morning I woke up just after dawn, the brilliant sun filtering into my room. I put on my uniform, straightened my hair and headed downstairs. Colonel Dubrovnik was sitting at a desk near the front door. “Well Mister Bodyguard, did you sleep well last night? Anything interesting happen before bed?”
So, the colonel doesn’t trust me and obviously had me followed. “I was accosted by the woman anarchist.”
“And what did she tell you?”
“Her mission was accomplished and we won’t be further molested.”
He blew air from his lips. “I doubt that.  Serbs are not to be trusted. They have been a constant blight on this country.”
“And the Empire is better?”
“You speak treason, bodyguard.  The Austrians have kept us safe from Serbian and Russian aggression for years. Perhaps you wish to join your Serbian whore.”
“I wish no such thing. I merely want to see where your loyalties lie.”
Dubrovnik laughed. “It's not my loyalties the Empire should worry about, bodyguard. We will leave within the hour and we will leave with a hundred men. The duchess will reach the battleship with no further incident.”
True to his word,  we left Mostar less than an hour later. Twenty infantry headed up the entourage, followed by Dubrovnik and a couple of senior officers, the archduke’s body on a gun carriage, the duchess, two servants and myself in the next carriage, twenty more infantry, two small artillery guns and another forty cavalrymen at the rear. We continued on until we reached the mouth of the Neretva, and it was there the battleship Viribus Unitis met us. No machine that big existed in my time, save for the Hadron Collider, but it was buried deep in the ground and didn’t make as large a statement as the Austrian ship. A small convoy of boats took us from land over to the ship and the captain greeted us as we boarded.  He then signalled for the boat carrying the archduke to be winched up on deck while the crew stood at attention. Once safely aboard, the casket was ceremoniously taken from the boat and placed on the foredeck, with the imperial coat of arms draped on it and six sailors guarding it. The duchess was led inside.
“Your husband truly enjoyed his voyage here from Trieste,” the captain said. “We are honored you are joining us, Your Highness,  though I wish it was under better circumstances.” She nodded ardently. “Then with your permission,  we’ll get underway.” She nodded again.
The engines powered up and the deck plates vibrated as the voyage began. The behemoth of a vessel – dreadnought, I believe they called them – moved through the water and out into the Adriatic. It was just under five hours on the vessel, during which time the captain attempted to keep the duchess entertained. His lack of social skills, combined with her lack of enthusiasm,  made this incredibly painful to watch. 
We arrived in Trieste just after two in the afternoon. Two larger boats headed out to the Viribus Unitis to retrieve us and the archduke's body. It went on the first boat with the six sailors still standing at attention. The duchess, her servants and I went on the second. An honor guard awaited us at the pier, as did throngs of mourners. It was strangely silent, considering the amount of people who were waiting. The sailors took the archduke's casket up the pier while the honor guard stood at attention. The duchess followed next, then the servants and myself. We were taken to waiting carriages, again the archduke first, the duchess in the next one and the rest of us in the final carriage. The honor guard lined up on either side of our cortege and accompanied us down the streets to the main train station. Along the way, the streets were packed with the sympathetic, the curious and the plain nosy. I found myself constantly scanning the crowds looking for Potenza,  though I was fairly sure she wouldn’t be back. Looking back and forth has started to give me a headache, so I ended up just sitting back until we reached the train station.
Once there, I jumped down from the carriage and went up to the duchess.  One of the honor guard was opening the door and extending out the steps for her. I stepped forward and extended my hand for her to grip. She was the picture of aristocratic elegance (or that’s what the files in my head told me – aristocrats were in short supply in the future). I escorted her up the steps of the train station and we were led to a waiting imperial train. The trip to Vienna was uneventful (thankfully) and we arrived at 10:30 that night.
The archduke's coffin was placed in the court hearse and we were accompanied by full military honors through the streets of Vienna to the Hofburg Palace. The body was to lie in state until the next morning, when the funeral would start. The duchess walked up the great steps of the imperial palace. I stayed back and looked in awe at the scale of the building.
“Leopold, come with me. We must speak with the emperor.” I followed the duchess up the steps and through the large doors. Inside was a massive circular room which went up to a large domed ceiling. We were led by courtiers to the room known as the large salon. The walls were covered in a lavish red wallpaper, with niches trimmed in gold. Portraits covered most of the wall. The furniture was elegantly carved and covered with a red fabric which matched the wall color. An elderly man, balding but with the largest mustache I had ever seen, sat on a chair smoking a cigarette. The duchess went to him and knelt at his feet.
“Your Imperial Majesty.”
He exhaled and handed his cigarette to a courtier. “Get up, Sophie. Sit down and tell me what happened.” Another courtier brought a chair for the duchess, which she sat down in. “And who is this?” he asked, waving his hand in my direction.
“This is Leopold, my bodyguard. It was he who saved both of us from that dirty Hungarian in the streets of Sarajevo. And he saved me on the train from Sarajevo.”
“Where is von Harrach?”
“Dead, Your Majesty,” the duchess replied. “He died trying to help me.”
The emperor shook his head. “Terrible loss. Tell me everything.” The duchess proceeded to tell him everything that happened, mostly sticking to my version of events. When she finished, the emperor was given another cigarette and took a puff. “Hungarian separatists…Serbian anarchists…this is much to digest. Go, see your children Sophie. Tomorrow will be a long day.”
The duchess stood and curtsied to the emperor,  then turned and left.  I was about to follow when the emperor spoke. “You – Leopold is it? Stay here.” I froze. “Sit down.” He took another puff on his cigarette.  “How did you come to this position?” I told him what happened to the count and the duchess’ decision to make me her bodyguard. “No, how did you be in the car?”
Again, thankfully,  this was all in my head. “I was a horseman for the count at Velke Meziříčí. I risked my life pacifying a group of startled horses and the count was impressed by my calm demeanor, so he trained me as a chauffeur. When the count went with the archduke to Sarajevo,  he took me to drive the couple.”
“I understand you showed great courage in keeping my nephew safe. You have my gratitude for this.” He took another puff on his cigarette. “In the telegrams you sent me, you mentioned the assassins were Hungarian anarchists but the attack on the train was by Serbs?”
“Yes, Your Imperial Majesty. The woman who killed the archduke mentioned something about the Heart of Freedom and the man who shot at the archduke and wounded the count told me Hungary would be free from the yoke of the Austrian oppressors. I believe the Serb on the train was working with the Hungarians.” This sounded good in my head, so I hoped the emperor would fall for it.
“What makes you say that?”
“It was the same woman who assassinated the archduke who attacked us. She made the claims as she jumped out the hospital window in Sarajevo.” 
The emperor twirled the end of his mustache. “Your service to the Empire will be rewarded. Ernst here will see you out.” I followed the servant to the great doors of the palace and realized I had nowhere to go. I hired a carriage to take me to the closest hotel, which was modest but would not raise alarms if anyone followed me (which I had reason to think someone would).
I did not sleep well and dreamt someone kept calling my name. It woke me up twice throughout the night, though there was nobody there. The next morning, I prepared for the archduke's funeral and was called back to the palace at nine in the morning. There I met the duchess and we waited there with her children until ten when we walked down to the carriage. The driver took us to where the archduke lay in state and we waited while the archduke was loaded into a windowed horse-drawn hearse, then we entered a covered carriage which stayed behind the hearse. From there, a very small procession took his body back to Hofburg, where the funeral would be held in the chapel.  The emperor's Chamberlain, Alfred  Prince of Montenuovo, made sure the procession was deliberately low-key and even went to the trouble of uninviting the European nobility who expected to pay their respects. He even tried to ban the duchess and children from the chapel – he hated the archduke that much – but the duchess made such a fuss that they finally let her in.
Alfred ordered the military not to salute the coffin as it passed and nobody to follow the cortege once it left the chapel, though the Archduke Karl – Franz Ferdinand's successor – was so incensed by this he ordered the troops to ignore Alfred and the Austro-Hungarian nobles who did show up formed an impromptu procession through the streets of Vienna to the train station where his coffin was loaded.
You may ask why the archduke wasn’t buried in the Hapsburg family crypt, as the heir to the throne rightly should be. Since the duchess – she couldn’t even be an archduchess – was considered of low birth, she wasn’t allowed to be buried there. Franz Ferdinand ordered a  crypt built at the family home at Schloss Artstetten four years earlier and refused to be buried with a family who despised his dearly beloved.
The duchess and their children – Sophie who was 13, Maximillian who was 12 and Ernst who was 10 – boarded the train, as did I, and took their final voyage together to Artstetten, which was about 2 ½ hours outside of Vienna. It was a somber ride, to put it mildly. Once there, the archduke was taken by gun carriage to the castle, and finally lowered into his crypt. 
The duchess hugged her children. As I had no real experience with death like this, I had no idea how to act, though I felt the emotion from the family at the loss of their husband and father. I felt I should leave them alone, so I went outside. The grounds, as with all the buildings I visited lately,  were well kept like I had never seen before. Being so used to gray, greenery was still such a shock to me. After walking around for a bit, one of the servants found me and requested I return inside. He took me to the duchess' private chambers.
“Leopold, thank you again for staying with me. You are welcome to stay at the castle as long as you want, though I am sure you would want to return to your wife now.”
My wife? This information wasn’t in my download, so I would assume Leopold Lojke didn’t marry. Still, I should probably return to my home in the Czech region of the Empire. “If it pleases Your Highness, I would like to stay the night and leave in the morning. And if I may be so bold, could I borrow the use of a horse to return there?”
“You may take any horse you like out of the barns and keep it. I have many, and one fewer won’t bother me in the least.”
I bowed my head. “Thank you, Your Highness,” and I took my leave of her. 
Again as I slept that night I heard voices calling my name. This time it woke me out of a dead sleep. “Colonel General Wilkins, this is the Temporal Minister. Your mission has failed and you were unable to stop the First World War. We are sending this message through because we are giving you a second chance. We will not return you to this time yet due to your failure. However, you can redeem yourself. We have no way of directly knowing if you have received this message unless you send us a message back. You must go to the crypt of the archduke and put in his hand one of the gold 100-krone coins you took from him. Then we will know if you understand.”
I sat up in my bed for a minute. I had never been contacted in the past by anyone, let alone the Temporal Minister. It would seem – as I anticipated – World War I would still happen, so my mission must continue.
I left my bedroom and skulked down to the crypt. It was all well and good to tell me this, but the crypt was covered with a heavy stone lid. I tried to move it, but with no luck. I looked around for something to pry it open and found a halberd hanging on the wall. I decided the spear end would do the job better than the axe part. I poked the spear end into the crease between the crypt and the lid. It lifted the lid slightly, then snapped off the halberd handle. I looked again, then grabbed a second halberd. I jammed that spear in, then as I lifted it, I pushed the axe end from the first halberd between the lid and the crypt.
Why wouldn’t they make this easier? I wondered. Now with the first axe head, I opened the lid slightly and used the second axe head as a lever on the first. With whatever strength Leopold Lojke’s body had, I was able to lift it up enough to put the gold coin in. Unfortunately,  I dropped it in before I could put it in the archduke's hand and it pinged as it hit the bottom of the crypt. Hopefully that would do. I gingerly lowered the lid and rehung the halberd back on the wall. As I did, I heard the voice in my head again.
“Very good, Colonel General. As you were unable to stop the war, you will now attempt to stop the Second World War. You will head to Vienna and find Adolf Hitler.  You will find him living with August Kubizek, who he shares a room with at Stumpergasse 29 near the Westbahnhof train station. Bring him to the duchess and convince her of his artistic abilities and to act as his patroness.”
That’s your plan? I asked the air. It was the most ridiculous thing I had ever heard, and during my time doing this, I had heard many ridiculous plans. Hitler would die in 1945, had no children so left no footprint in history (except World War II) so if you wanted to stop the war,  just kill him.
I stopped to listen to myself.  Just kill him. What else did they download into my brain? Was I now just a remorseless executioner,  willing to kill anybody I needed to, just to keep the timeline intact? If nothing else, this made up my mind. I would head to Vienna in the morning and find the young Hitler and turn him into the next Picasso.


15

I said my goodbyes to the duchess in the morning, but not before I planted the idea in her head. “Your Highness,  may I suggest a diversion for you? I know of an artist in Vienna whose work may inspire you to better thoughts? Could I be so bold as to bring him here?”
She smiled. “You are a good man, Leopold. But what of your wife?”
“I didn’t want to say, Your Highness, but she had left me some time ago.” A lie, but in truth, I personally had no wife.
“It is her loss then. If you wish, go back to Vienna and find this artist. A distraction would be good for me.”
I bid her farewell and rode off back to Vienna. I arrived just after lunch and headed towards the train station. There, I asked for directions to Stumpergasse 29 and leaving the horse tied nearby, I walked to the street. It took the better part of an hour to find the room Kubizek was renting from Maria Zakreys. The information sent to me wasn’t entirely correct.
“Adolf?” questioned Kubizek. “I haven’t seen him in close to five years. The last I heard of my old friend, he was in and out of homeless shelters.”
“I heard he may have gone back to Linz,” Zakreys said. “The man who may know best is Landberger, the framemaker on Favoritenstrasse. He would buy watercolors from Adolf.”
“How do you know this?” Kubizek asked her.
“When he paid his part of the rent, he used to brag about not working but instead selling his art to the Jew Landberger.”
I thanked both of them, and asked where this Favoritenstrasse was. After getting directions, I went back to my horse and rode over to the street, which was about ten minutes away.  I found Landberger's shop, but it was closed for lunch. Disappointed, I found a coffee house nearby and sat outside with a cup and a pastry. If I thought the coffee was heavenly, the pastry was unlike anything I had ever tasted.  The texture was exquisite and melted in my mouth. If stopping a world war meant being able to eat delicacies like this, it was definitely worth it.
I savored another coffee and pastry, then went back to Landberger's shop, which was open again. Inside was a small area with artworks at the front. I lingered here for a moment, then went to the back workshop. Here I found Landberger, toiling over his latest picture frame. I asked him. 
“Hitler? Thankfully I haven’t seen him in some time. Terrible temper, never took criticism well. He said something about going to Munich,  but that was over a year ago and I can’t say I’ve seen him since.”
I thanked him and left. Now I started to wonder – if I couldn’t trust the message the Temporal Minister had sent, how could I trust this was the right course of action? Hitler had left Vienna,  perhaps over a year ago, and it wasn’t as if I could consult my old station at the Ministry. I decided to take in the sights of Vienna, stay the night and get an early start in the morning.
I took my horse up into the center of the city, passing the archduke's Belvedere Palace, the Vienna Opera House and the Hofburg. I stopped at the Café Central, which was only a couple of minutes passed Hofburg Palace. I tied my horse and went in, only because Hitler was known to go there and someone there might know where he went. Of course, I doubted this information as well, but if I was in Vienna, I should exhaust all possibilities before riding for a day to Munich. 
I ordered another coffee and sat at a table. When the girl came over with my coffee, I asked her. “He doesn’t sound familiar to me, but I’ve only been here a few months. There is a man who is here almost every day and has been for over a year. He is sitting over there.” I looked to where she pointed. Sitting in a corner, holding some ideological discourse, was Leon Trotsky.
He looked angry, though I think it was just the way he delivered his oration. I picked up my coffee and walked over. He spoke to a small group about the need for constant revolution. “Is revolution always required?” I asked.
“The bourgeoisie will always attempt to keep the proletariat down and the only way to stop it is to constantly fight against it.”
“But don’t the proletariat become the bourgeoisie at some point? Don’t they see what the could have, and become greedy? Is that not just human nature?”
I couldn’t believe I was arguing communist dogma with Leon Trotsky.  I also couldn’t believe I was able to argue communist dogma. I continued as long as I could – it was intellectually draining – until finally I had a chance to speak with him alone. “I don’t recall the man you seek. Best of luck finding him.”
That was that. Trotsky wasn’t too interested in talking about anything but communism. I was about to leave the coffee house when I was accosted by two soldiers. “You are the driver?” one asked. 
“The archduke’s driver?” the other clarified. I nodded. “A coincidence. Prince Alfred has been looking for you. We were going to Artstetten after we had coffee here, but this saved us a trip. With us, please.”
I walked with the men back to the Hofburg and back to the salon I was in two nights earlier. I waited for close to 30 minutes until a small, slight man entered, wearing a military uniform overloaded with medals. “You are the driver, yes?”
“I am.”
“You will go back to your Czech home and not bother the duchess again. Do you understand?” I nodded.  “Good. You may leave.”
I left the palace wondering what that was about. Did the request come from the duchess, which I doubted, or was this the machinations of a man who truly hated her and her husband and would do anything to irritate her? No matter,  I had a mission which now took me to Munich, and I would still bring Hitler back to her to fulfill my mission. I decided to start riding now and stop on the way, instead of waiting until tomorrow. The horse trotted at a good rate and we arrived at our evening stop about six hours later in Melk. The next morning we left early and arrived at Linz just after noon. My first and only stop here was a flat on Humboldtstrasse. It took me a couple of attempts knocking on doors, but finally found who I was looking for.
The woman who opened the door was 18, slim and somewhat attractive.  “Yes?”
“I am sorry to bother you, Fraulein Hitler, but I am looking for your brother.”
“Adi? Are you an artist?”
I looked down at my military uniform, then back at her. “No, I work for the duchess Sophie, Archduke Franz Ferdinand's widow. She has heard of your brother's works and wishes to act as his patroness. Do you know where I may find him?”
“The duchess? That is very exciting,” Paula Hitler said. “I am saddened by her loss.”
“Yes, very sad. I had heard your brother is in Munich. Would you know where?”
“I received a letter from him not too long ago. Let me see the address.” She went inside to find the envelope. After a minute, she returned. “Schleissheimer Strasse 34, Munich.”
“Did he say anything in the letter about how he was doing?”
“Just that he was living above a tailor shop and he enjoyed painting.”
“Thank you again, Fraulein Hitler.” I turned and started to leave.
“If you see Adi, tell him I miss him.” I turned around and nodded, then turned back. I found feed for my horse, lunch for myself – sausages and spatzle at a local pub – then headed out of town towards Munich. By nine that evening I stopped for the night at Mühldorf. Sadly, the food at the inn I stayed in that night was substandard, as was the bed. The next day,  I again rode off early, arriving in Munich after noon. I stopped at the Löwenbräukeller for lunch, indulging in Schweinshaxe and Kartoffelknödel. 
I know, gentle reader, I continue to tell you how delicious the food was everywhere I went, but when you have eaten synthetic protein bars made from dead people and washed it down with pseudo grape-flavored drinks since you were an infant, it’s hard not to get excited.
After I finished, I walked around the corner to Schleissheimer Strasse, then made my way to 34. Here I found the tailor Popp, who had rented a room to a young artist. I explained to him and his wife why I was there. “That is very exciting for the young man, but so very sad for the duchess. So she is doing well, though?” Frau Popp asked.
“Yes, as well as can be expected.”
“It is terrible how we could be dragged into a war,” the tailor said.
“There has been news? I have been riding for days and have not heard.”
Frau Popp handed me that day's newspaper. The day before, the German Kaiser had expressed support for Austria against Serbia. This followed the course of events as it was. What was different though was the emperor sending troops into Budapest to quell what he perceived to be a rebellion – or at least the presence of Hungarian separatists. I wasn't sure what my subterfuge would do to the route of history, though I had my theories. I chatted with the Popps for a while longer, not realizing Hitler had snuck out his private door. When I finally went up to his room, he was gone, leaving some of his art supplies but taking his clothes. I looked around for clues once I realized he had left for good. The two I found were letters from the Austrian military, saying he was due to report for duty six months earlier. Now I understood.  I was wearing an Austrian military uniform, and Hitler must have believed I was there to take him into custody.
I was at a loss what to do next. Do I stay in Munich hoping he comes back? Do I go to Linz,  in case he visits his sister? Or, do I just head back to the duchess, or Vienna, or Leopold Lojke's hometown? Logically, if he was afraid of arrest, he wouldn’t cross the border back into Austria,  so Munich was probably the best bet.
I lodged in a small inn near the edge of the city, thanks to the money I had taken from the dead archduke. I also used a small amount of it to buy clothes from the tailor Popp, which served two purposes: to rid myself of the uniform, and to also watch for Hitler's return. I shaved off my mustache and wore a Tyrolean hat to hide my face somewhat. I stayed in the area, everyday combing the streets of Munich looking for Hitler.
The news, meanwhile, became grim. Austria issued demands to Serbia which, except for one, Serbia agreed to. I sat waiting for Popp in his shop and his wife handed me a paper and coffee. The front page headline was “RUSSIA MOBILIZES,  BUT SERBIA MAY ACCEPT DEMANDS.” The other headline interested me more: “HUNGARIAN SEPARATISTS DEMAND MEETING WITH EMPEROR.” It said the emperor was sending more troops into Budapest to quell unrest, which started after Austrian army officers had gone to the city to arrest suspected anarchists. If my plan succeeded, this could destabilize the Empire enough so the war would end quickly.
Perhaps I wouldn’t need to find Hitler after all. If the war ends before 1917, Russia wouldn’t fall into revolution and Germany may surrender earlier. Though if this happens, a more punitive treaty than Versailles could be put in place. I hate temporal conundrums! 
The point became moot when the door opened behind me and Hitler strode in. He apologized to Popp for leaving without saying anything but, as I suspected, he was afraid of the Austrian army arresting him. I put down the paper and rose. “No need to worry about that, Herr Hitler. I am here with a business proposition.” I explained to him what I proposed.
Hitler, however destitute he was, was disgusted. “I would rather dig sewers with my bare hands than be patronized by the fat wife of the fool who would give away the country to the Slavs.”
Popp was embarrassed by the outburst. I ignored it. “You are a fool. War is coming, and you would rather die in the mud of a trench in France when you could be living comfortably in a castle in Austria,” I said.
“I would. I would rather die a soldier's death defending the German way of life. The Empire is corrupt, bloated, and seething with Slavs, Jews, Freemasons and Marxists. Vienna is like Sodom, waiting to be torn from the face of the earth. At least Munich is pure and not stained by this.”
I thanked Popp for his time today and said goodbye to Hitler. He exited the shop a few minutes later and walked upstairs to his apartment over the shop. I left and went back to the inn I was staying at. I grabbed the reins from my horse and waited until nightfall. Then I headed back to the shop and walked up the steps to Hitler’s room. I knocked. No answer. I knocked a second and third time. Finally he opened the door.
“Yes?”
“Herr Hitler,  I wished to apologize if I offended you today.” He just looked at me. “May I come in?” He eyed me up and down, then opened the door further. I stepped inside. “I must admit, I haven’t truly been honest with you.”
“In what way?”
“Perhaps it is best to explain over coffee. Can I interest you?”
Hitler nodded, then turned to get his hat. I took the reins from my jacket pocket and swiftly moved forward, wrapping them around his neck. He was a scrawny man and thankfully Leopold Lojke's body was larger and stronger.  Hitler struggled with me and tried to break free, but I held tight on the reins and tightened them further as he gasped for air. He knocked the watercolor he was working on to the ground but finally went down on his knees. I held on for a few more minutes until I was sure he was dead. At that moment I felt extremely nauseous and collapsed on the floor. I woke up, I believe, a few minutes later and staggered out of the room and back down the stairs. I walked back to the inn, grabbed my belongings, and quickly left the city.


16

I found it quite difficult to stay on the horse for some reason, and fell off a few times as I left Munich. I finally made my way back to Mühldorf and went to the inn I had stayed at weeks earlier. The innkeeper welcomed me back, but when I spoke to him, he didn’t understand me. 
“Was ist los mit dir, mein Freund?” he said.
Confused, I didn’t know how to respond. I spoke slower and a little louder. “I would need a room for the night?”
“Ein Zimmer?” I think he was asking me a question, so I nodded. He turned around and took a key out and then handed it to me. “Wilkommen, mein Freund. Wirst du lange blieben?” I nodded again and smiled. He smiled as well. “Wunderschön!” he said.
I took the key and found my room and flopped down on the bed. I fell asleep quickly, though I had the worst dreams. Phantoms of things I thought I knew, faces I glimpsed briefly, but all of it a blur. I woke up late the next morning and came down to the lobby. The innkeeper’s wife kindly gave me a coffee and I sat down and picked up the newspaper. When I looked at it, it was like I was in a dream. The letters on the paper were in some foreign script, they made no sense whatsoever and I was getting more and more agitated. I left my coffee and headed to the door. The innkeeper called out something to me – sounded like gibberish – so I waved to him and left. I tried to jump on my horse and it took four times to finally get up. I quickly rode out of town and towards Altstetten, though if my memory served, it was still two days away.
I stopped often, if for no other reason than I had a hard time remembering how to ride. I understood nobody and finally just slept next to my horse, though I wasn’t sure how safe that was. I passed through Linz on the third day, disheveled and disoriented. I went by the Hitler family home and jumped off my horse. I approached the door, raised my hand to knock, then lowered it. I turned and walked back to my horse, then found myself sobbing uncontrollably. I had murdered another man. Yes, it was Adolf Hitler, tyrant, despot, genocidal maniac – or he would have been. I had murdered a 25-year-old starving artist living above a tailor shop who hadn’t hurt anyone in his life. Was this right? Is killing someone before they may kill someone else morally acceptable. What if I killed Pontius Pilate before he had Christ crucified? I cried and tried to make sense of this, when I was poked in the shoulder.  I looked up at a man in a uniform – police, I believe.
“Wer bist du und was machst du hier?”
“I don’t understand you,” I replied. “I am trying to get to the Duchess Sophie of Hohenburg.”
“Die Herzogin? Wo kommen Sie her?”
I got to my feet.  “Why are you all speaking this strange language?” Then I thought for a second. Did I somehow change the past and now they speak some language that never even existed?
“Bitte deine Ausweispapiere,” he said. 
I was clueless. “What language are you speaking? Is it ancient Greek? Russian? Chinese?”
“Russisch? Du bist ein Russe?”
“You are speaking Russian?” I asked, nodding. I did remember a couple of words of Russian from my studies of the Crimean War.  
“Can you help me?” I said in Russian. 
The policeman blew his whistle and tried to grab me. Shocked, I ran down the street. He ran after me, blowing his whistle. Two men who happened to be working outside a house looked over and saw him chasing me. They ran out and one tackled me, forcing me to the ground. “Er ist ein russischer Spion. Hilf mir, ihn zur Polizeiwache zu bringen.” The men picked me up and held me while forcing me down the street. They took me to the police station and threw me in a cell. The officer then spoke with another, who left shortly after. 
“I’m sorry if I offended you,” I said, though not in Russian this time. Perhaps my Russian wasn’t so good after all. He ignored me, and left the holding area. I was the only one in the cell, which was somewhat more decrepit than the ones in Sarajevo. 
I was held for a couple of hours until two officers came in, unlocked the cell door, grabbed me and forced me out. They took me outside and threw me into a horse-drawn wagon, which was fully enclosed and looked like a mobile jail cell. The wagon lurched forward and started heading out of Linz. It was a filthy wagon, smelled horrible and had what I think was excrement on the floor. The back and forth movement of the wagon, coupled with the smell made me nauseous and I vomited after about half an hour in there. The driver turned around and scoffed while he looked at me.
We ambled along until nightfall, then the driver pulled into a small town and up to an inn. He went inside, then came out with the innkeeper a few minutes later. They discussed me, I believe, then the innkeeper went back in while the driver waited. He handed the driver a jug of something when he came back outside. The driver opened the back door of the wagon and put the jug in. I went over to it as he locked the door. Whatever the liquid inside was, it had an odd, earthy smell. I assumed it was a drink for me, so I took a sip and promptly spit it out. It was foamy and bubbly and had an odd taste to it.
“Trink das Bier. Es ist alles, was du bekommst.”
I think I understood him! It sounded like he said ‘drink the beer.’ I had read about beer in my analysis back at the Temporal Ministry, but I never thought it would taste that bad. I was thirsty though, so I didn’t have a choice. I sipped it slowly and though it didn’t taste any better, it did start to fill my belly. The driver went inside and I sat in the wagon, but I couldn’t tell you how long. I must have dozed off and the next thing I remembered was the lurching of the wagon again. I opened my eyes. The sun was up and we were outside the small town.
We continued on that entire day, and it was getting close to dark when I noticed we were coming into a larger city. I looked towards the front of the wagon, and realized we were in Vienna. We continued on until we came to a large building. A small engraved sign out front said EVIDENZBUREAU. We were greeted by two uniformed men, who spoke briefly with the driver. He then was accompanied by the men while he unlocked the back door. They waved me out and I stumbled out and fell to the ground. The two men roughly picked me up and dragged me through the doorway of the building. They dragged me further into the depths of the building and into a cell. Here, one of the men held me while the other rifled through my pockets, taking my money and identification.
The cell was even worse than the one in Linz.  There was some straw on the floor and a bucket in the corner, which I found later was for relieving myself. They gave me no food or water and I was left in there for two days.
Every few hours, one of the uniformed men would walk by, perhaps to make sure I was still alive. The one would say nothing, just rattle his club on the cell bars – which was especially annoying when I tried to sleep. The other would hurl insults at me, I think. I didn’t know what he said, but by his demeanor and sometimes he spat as he talked, I assumed he was not being kind.
It was exceptionally frustrating not knowing what time of day or night it was, and I only assume it was two days – it may have been one, or it may have been six. The straw bed was, as I expected, uncomfortable and I found myself standing or pacing a lot of the time. I had the company of a couple of mice and a few larger insects, both of which I found disgusting. 
I started to think about fate, and wondered if this was fate punishing me for changing the timeline. It wasn’t exactly what the Temporal Minister required, but I had to think the end result was the same. I mean, Hitler was dead now so he couldn’t start the Second World War.  Of course, this begged the question: if my mission succeeded, what was I still doing there?


17

On the third day (I think), one of the men returned with another. That man started speaking to me in yet a different language. After about a minute, I realized it was Russian and I still had no idea what he was saying. I told him that in my language. He looked at the other man and said, “Dummkopf! Er ist ein Engländer, kein Russe!” He turned and walked away and the other man, looking bewildered,  also walked away. Perhaps an hour later, another man came in.
“You speak English?” he asked.
“I do.”
“What were you doing in Linz?”
“I was travelling through, trying to get home.”
“And where is home?” he asked me.
Since it wasn’t a good idea to tell him I was looking for the duchess, I told him “Geneva.”
“You are from Geneva, yet you speak no German?”
“I just moved there from London,” I said. “I have been looking for my sister.”
“And what is your sister's name?
“Natalia. She went missing in Geneva so I went looking for her.”
“And how did you end up in Linz?”
“The man she was with, he had moved on to Linz so I went there looking for him.”
“And what is his name?”
“Schenley.  Adolf Schenley.”
“Did you find this Adolf Schenley?”
“I didn’t. When I realized I had lost my sister, I broke down and cried. That is when your police officer found me.”
“Where are your papers?”
“I don’t know.”
“Hmm,” the man said. “And what is your name?”
“Jonas Wilkins.”
“Well Mr. Wilkins, you are here at a very dangerous time. War is imminent. I will have you taken to the British Embassy and they can process you there, after we corroborate your story. Who might we contact?”
This was a problem. The only person who really knew me was the duchess, and she wouldn't know me by that name. “Well, nobody knows I was in Geneva looking for my sister.”
“Hmm, that is a problem. I can’t release you without some corroboration. You can see my difficulty, I'm sure.”
“You can’t just leave me in here,” I protested.
 “No, of course not Mr. Wilkins. Perhaps you can think of someone else.  I will give you some time to ponder.” He turned to leave. “By the way, that is a very nice suit jacket you are wearing. You had that made in London, yes?”
“No, it was a tailor in Munich.”
“Munich, ahh, I see. When were you in Munich?  You didn’t mention that earlier.”
“A few weeks ago, I believe.”
“Was this before you started looking for your long lost sister?  I’m sure it was, because a caring brother like yourself wouldn’t stop looking in Linz for his sister to ride a day to Munich to be fitted for a well-tailored jacket, then ride a day back. No, a caring brother wouldn’t do that,” he said as he shook his head. “So please, Mr. Wilkins, consider who it might be who could confirm this story you tell.”
I sighed, realizing I wasn’t as good a liar as I thought. “My name is Leopold Lojke and I served as the archduke and duchess’ driver in Sarajevo. You may contact the duchess at Artstetten to confirm this.”
“Ahh, this is a much more interesting story. I would wonder though, why would the archduke’s driver only speak English?” He turned again to the door, shaking his head. “No Jonas Leopold Wilkins Lojke, your story is interesting but poorly crafted. You will wait in here until we find some more answers.”
 I am so glad I chose to lie – though the truth wasn’t any more believable. Maybe if I told them I hit my head and didn’t remember who I was, but I was stuck now in this story and had no idea how to get out of it. They left me in the cell for six more days, coming by once or twice – depending in the day – with dry bread and water. On the seventh day, I was delivered from my sentence. “Good news, Mr. Wilkins or Mr. Lojke, whichever you wish to be called today. Your description matches that of an Englishman who went missing a few weeks ago in Salzburg.  In an effort to strengthen relations and avoid a diplomatic incident in these trying times, we are sending you over to the British Embassy.
 I thanked the man and sat back down and waited.  A few hours later one of the two men I originally saw came in and took me from the cell. He said nothing to me, but spoke with others as we walked down the hallway to the main entrance. Once outside, he pointed to a carriage, which I took to mean I was to get inside. The driver took me to the front door of the embassy, which was all well and good, except the embassy had closed for the evening.
Now I didn’t know what to do. My horse was still in Linz and my money was confiscated so I could not get a room at an inn. I was obliged to find a park bench and sleep there for the night. This only worked for a short time, because a police officer took issue with me sleeping there. He poked me with the stick he carried, loudly said something in an angry tone, and grabbed me and threw me off the bench. I picked myself up and headed away from him. There was not much else I could do. I walked back to the embassy and waited, leaning against a post. 
“I knew I would find you here,” a familiar and unwelcome voice said.
“What do you want?”
“I want to know what you did to disrupt the timeline,” Potenza said. “And before you say it, I know you had to do something.”
“Why do you say that?”
“I’m assuming you can’t understand anything anyone is saying to you right now.”
“How did you know that?”
“When the Ministry sends you back and they say they have downloaded all necessary information to you, that’s not quite true. You didn’t realize it, but we receive a constant stream of data into our brains while we are in the past. There’s only so much preparation they can give us beforehand. After that, it’s all on the fly. They monitor our brain activity and can tell when they have to send, for example, how to ride a horse, or speak German, or kill somebody.”
“That doesn’t explain your theory about the timeline.”
“About ten days ago, that flow stopped. I lost my ability to speak Serbian, riding a horse is a bit of a chore now, but I do still know how to kill a man.”
“And you think I’m to blame?”
“I know you’re to blame. Only something truly catastrophic could stop it, like World War I or II not happening. World War I looks to be progressing, though perhaps on a slightly different track. I’m guessing you didn’t do enough damage to totally decimate the timeline. But, there’s one thing you could’ve done to stop the Second World War.  Did you get all high and mighty and kill Hitler?” 
I’m guessing the color drained from my face. “You didn’t.” I nodded. “You fucking moron. You may think you’ve done mankind a great favor, but you just set back science 100 years.”
“Look, I received a message from the Temporal Minister telling me to get Hitler and bring him to the duchess.”
“And you read that to mean ‘kill him?’”
“Well no,” I sputtered.
“So please Jonas, enlighten me. How did you progress from bring him to the duchess to kill him?” I told her what happened.
“And did the voice in your head tell you to strangle Hitler with your horse’s reins?”
“No, I thought of that myself.”
“Hindsight would suggest that wasn’t the best course of action.”
“I realize that now.”
“That’s great. Well, it looks like you’re going to have to fill in for him now.”
“What do you mean ‘fill in for him?’”
“I mean you are going to have to lead Germany out of the postwar years and into the Second World War. “
“Wait. You want me to lead Nazi Germany, start the Holocaust, then shoot myself.”
She nodded. “Yes, that sums it up.”
“There’s no way I’m going to do that.  Find some other stooge.”
“There is really only one other person who could pull it off. Strasser pushes the Nazis too close to communism, Röhm is homosexual and as soon as that comes out, he’s done. Himmler and Göbbels are just lackeys and Hess is a lickspittle. The only one with even a vague hint of charisma who could do this would be Göring.”
“Then there is your answer. Whoever this Göring person is will do just fine.”
“We need someone we can control and who says the right things at the right times. Its not just leading the Nazis, but it’s doing the exact same things, making the same decisions and the same mistakes at the same time. Sorry Jonas, it’s going to have to be you.”
“But I don’t even speak German.”
“You have four years to learn.”

Before all this started, we had to leave Vienna and lose my shadows from the Evidenzbureau, which I found out was imperial military intelligence. I didn’t perceive the men until Potenza pointed them out to me. One was the burlier of the two who threw me into my cell at the bureau, the other I didn’t recognize. He was a nondescript average looking man who blended into crowds extremely well. His main telling feature was he liked to lean on his cane, which I now found was a dead giveaway.
I stayed at a rundown inn with Potenza for a few days, trading my new suit jacket for one which blended in more with the masses. She taught me to walk with a limp and hunch my back slightly. We saved that trick for the fourth day, when around noon we heard of a commotion near the Bosnian Consulate.  We arrived and saw about 100 Austrians throwing garbage at the consulate and yelling “go home” and so forth. Our shadows followed shortly after. Potenza reached into a satchel she carried and pulled out the jacket.
“Get ready to put this on as well as this hat.” She handed me a Gatsby. Next she took out some small red and black cylinders. “Crouch down, change your jacket and cover your ears.” I followed her instructions. She lit a small fuse on three of the cylinders and tossed them at the feet of some of the protesters in front of us. The cylinders exploded with a loud crack and the crowd immediately turned into anarchy. Potenza threw off her jacket, revealing a knitted shawl and put a white wig on. I threw on the hat. She put her arm in mine and told me to start limping. The subterfuge worked and we never saw the men from military intelligence again.
For the next two years, I crammed as much German into my head as I could. In our true timeline, World War I lasted from 1914 to November 1918. Things started to unravel in 1916 in this timeline. The tensions I had started between the emperor and the non-existent Hungarian separatists spilled over from Budapest to the surrounding countryside. It didn't help matters that Emperor Franz Josef and his ministers were being heavy handed and showed a general disdain for the Hungarian people. It finally exploded in April 1915, when Austrian troops mistook a Hungarian army corps for a Russian one, and opened fire with artillery, then charged in with cavalry. Two hundred and forty-eight men died and the mood in Hungary changed dramatically. Hungarian men refused to fight alongside Austrian men and soon whole brigades were mutinying. I had managed to start the Russian Revolution in Hungary instead, and by November  1915, the Empire was split and were suing for peace. 
The Germans continued fighting, though without their largest ally, they knew they couldn’t continue.  In May 1916, Germany surrendered and the war ended. You may ask how this would be important – there was still a First World War, many people still died and Austria-Hungary and Germany still lost.
For starters, because the war ended early, there was no mutiny by Russian soldiers in 1917 and no revolution. For now, Czar Nicholas II still ruled the Russian Empire. Second, the Americans never entered the war. Since the war ended before they historically joined the Allied Powers, they remained isolated and chose to not get involved. Because of this,  the moderating influence of Woodrow Wilson was not felt, and the Treaty of Versailles was even more punitive to the Germans. 
It was under these conditions I found myself on October 4, 1916. The treaty to end the Great European War (as it was now known) was signed and Germany lost all overseas territories, all airplanes, trains, fishing boats and naval vessels, and had to pay a ridiculous 350 billion marks in reparations, which crippled the country. Not much of this was different from the true timeline.
What was different was the press of communism in Germany.  Leon Trotsky and Vladimir Lenin chose to go to Germany instead of Russia to spread their ideas. It seems they were my nemesis, not the likes of Ernst Röhm or Hermann Göring. Since there was no revolution in Russia yet, there was less fear of communism in Germany. This was where I found myself.
“We have much work to do, Jonas. You have done more damage to the timeline than I thought possible. The first thing we must do is get Trotsky and Lenin out of Germany.”
“And how do you propose we do that?”
“I’m hoping the call of Mother Russia will be enough to get them to move on.”
“And again, how?”
“Leave that to me, Jonas. You just stay here and practice.” I continued practicing my German and my debating. We had moved from Vienna to Munich, which was dangerous if I ever ran into the tailor Popp, though less so than staying in Vienna.  Munich was the hotbed of the Nazi movement, and if I we going to be the next Adolf Hitler,  I had to be here. I posed with Potenza as husband and wife to not make people too curious about us. She had absconded a sizable chunk of money away from Sarajevo,  then later Vienna,  though she never told me how, and we lived off this for the last two years. 
She never told me where she was going or when she would be back, only to say she was taking care of Russia. I read the newspapers ravenously, and about a month later, my first clue came. The headline read “RUSSIAN DUMA DISSOLVED BY CZAR. NICHOLAS II TAKES CONTROL OF GOVERNMENT.” The story continued to say the czar was unwilling to listen to elected officials anymore, and was being advised by a mystery woman. Some were claiming she had put the czar under a spell.
I continued my studies. I spent some of the money before the armistice was signed on a coffee percolator, though now I was having difficulty getting coffee beans for it. The Turks sent very little of it to Germany anymore and it was considered too much of a luxury for most people to have. I had to resort to beer, which was in plentiful supply, though I missed my coffee. I waited for Potenza to return, which she finally did just before Christmas 1916. I understand this time of year is supposed to be cheerful, but I found very little cheer in Munich. 
“You were successful,” I asked.
“I believe so. This should anger the Russians enough to begin a revolt.” Whatever she did worked. The army mutinied in February 1917, a few weeks before it did in the true timeline. The czar listened to Potenza enough to dissolve parliament and take full control of the army. He then ordered them to put down food riots which were happening in Petrograd.
“Did you have anything to do with that?”
“Strangely not,” she replied. “A poor harvest is out of my hands, but a czar who liked to enjoy food in front of his subjects while  they starved…I may have had something to do with that.”  Potenza then travelled to Berlin, where Trotsky and Lenin now lived, and somehow managed to convince them to travel to Petrograd and fight for the rights of the proletariat. While she did this, my job was to find and befriend Anton Drexler. I did this by breaking the lock on our apartment.  
“You are the locksmith Drexler?” He nodded. “Thank you for coming here. I seemed to have broken the lock here.” He took out his tools and began to work. I started to bait him. “It is a shame what has happened to the Fatherland. We have been sold out by communists and Jews.” It disgusted me to speak this way, especially since I knew what would happen to the latter group. Drexler continued to work. “Our government sold our future to the French and the British, and now it looks like the communists will control Russia.”
Drexler perked up at this. “What have you heard?”
“Only that the communists are stirring up the army in Petrograd. It's only a matter of time before they overthrow the czar and then, who knows, the communists will come here next.”
Drexler shook his head. “They would never dare such an assault on the Fatherland.”
“No? People are starving, we are giving away our meat and butter to the enemy, just so we can say ‘sorry, we only wanted back the land which was rightfully ours.’ They will come, and they will promise meat and butter for everyone, and our government will be wiped clean, because they can promise nothing.”
“Do you say we should overthrow our government?” he asked as he kept working.
“I am saying the people must stand together, unite again as one great Fatherland, and peacefully take back our country.”
“And which people?” asked Drexler. “The  mighty Jew, who controls the money and takes it from us and gives it to the French?”
I would love to know what a Jew is, and why they were so reviled. “It is the worker, you and I and the tailor down the street, who will come together and make Germany great again.”
Drexler put his tools away and stood up. “Here is my bill. Please pay by tomorrow – our money continues to be worth less and less and I don’t want to leave it too long.”
“I will pay you now, but consider this: when did you ever worry about your money becoming worthless?” I gave Drexler his requested amount, and we parted ways. I thought I did well, which Potenza confirmed when she returned from Berlin a few weeks later. There were some things she said which troubled me, though.
“The Jewish community must be persecuted,” was one such thing.
“But why? Why do totally innocent people have to be beaten and murdered, their possessions stolen? How does that make the world a better place?”
She shrugged. “It doesn’t. What is does do is cause many of them to leave Germany. Do you know what would happen if the Germans embraced the Jews? Men like Albert Einstein and Fritz Haber would have free rein to work with Wernher von Braun and Josef Mengele. If Einstein,  for any reason, stayed in Berlin,  it would be very likely the atomic bomb would have been developed here first, and with von Braun, they could have easily strapped it to a V-2 rocket and destroyed London in one easy stroke. No, the Jews must suffer, if only to save the rest of humanity.”
“That’s awful. Can’t we just kill this Einstein or von Braun fellow?”
“Jonas, I wish you understood history better.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Without either man, science is set back decades. The United States could not act as a buffer superpower against the Soviet Union without the atomic bomb – Einstein’s contribution – or landing a man on the moon – courtesy of von Braun.”
“So the Jewish population of Germany has to be exterminated just so we can go to the moon?”
“It’s not as simplistic as that. Say we let history progress without our help. Russia becomes more powerful and without a military built up in Germany, they are able to roll right over Europe unimpeded.  Everybody is under communist rule.”
“Hmm. From what I’ve been reading, that would be nice. Everybody is equal, no poor, no rich, no starvation.”
“That’s where Stalin comes into the picture. Communism might be great, but Stalin had a tendency to paranoia and psychopathy. Do you know how many simulations we ran at the Temporal Ministry?  Stalin would crush the Germans and wipe out two-thirds of the entire population with purges and collectivization.”
“The Jews are the scapegoat no matter what.”
“’Fraid so.”
I sat and thought for a bit. “Why can’t we just kill this Stalin fellow? Seems the world would be better off without him.”
“You are turning into quite the homicidal maniac.”
“It just seems fair. We could save millions of lives just by killing one or two men.”
“It's not that simple, Jonas. If we take out Stalin, for example, Trotsky steps up and he would be a much more brutal dictator. We don’t replace Hitler, but perhaps somebody more sinister becomes Führer. Or even worse, the new leader is easily swayed by the likes of Heinrich Himmler or Reinhard Heydrich. You think Hitler was bad, try it with one of those two instead.”
“You keep saying ‘perhaps’ or ‘maybe.’ You don’t even know – you’re just guessing.”
“Exactly my point. Any changes we make are just guesses – some educated, some not. If we stick to history, no matter how repugnant,  at least we know how it turns out.”
“But like you said, we’ve already changed that. The United States didn’t enter the war, so they are still isolated and the Austrian Empire split up early.”
“We didn’t do that – you did. I’ve already corrected the error you made with Russia and the United States will come back around. Just keep learning German and study my notes. We’ll correct what you’ve screwed up.”


18

A couple of weeks later, there was a knock at the door. I opened it, and Anton Drexler was waiting. “Did I not pay you enough?” I asked. 
“The invoice is paid. I wish to know if you would join me for a meeting. The Committee of Independent Workmen is having a get together tonight and you will be interested in what they say.”
“Hmm. Sounds Marxist to me.”
Drexler shook his head. “The opposite is true. We are a group who are fighting for a greater Fatherland, and we will stamp out the communists like an annoying insect.”
“Perhaps. Where and when is this meeting?”

I arrived promptly at 7:30. There were about 30 men there – I always found it funny how women were excluded from these things. Most sat around smoking pipes and drinking beer. Soon after I arrived, the meeting was called to order. “Gentlemen, for those of you I don’t know, my name is Anton Drexler.  I am a locksmith in Munich and I am disgusted by the way our government stabbed the German people in the back with this so-called peace treaty.” Most of the men clapped or tapped their beer mugs on their tables. “We are here tonight because we must join together to fight the will of the weak and the cowardly who signed our lives and our properties away, all to keep the communists and Jews at bay.”
I still couldn’t understand how the Jews kept getting dragged into all this. The communists I kind of understood – the news of revolution and anarchy out of Russia was worse, and the thought of it spreading to Germany was frightening. But the Jews seemed like an innocent bunch.
“Gentlemen, I present our guest tonight: Karl Harrer, the leader of the Political Worker’s Circle.” There was polite applause, then Harrer spoke. He was eloquent – I found out later he was something called a journalist – and well dressed, wearing a dark brown suit with a brown tie. His hair was immaculately combed and he had a substantial amount of it piled on his head.
“Finally gentlemen,” he said, “The time has come for the people of Germany – the real people like us – to stand up and be heard. Anton here has suggested – and I agree – to merge our two groups together into a German Worker’s Party, and that we should field candidates in the next federal election.” There was tremendous cheering at this and I must admit I was caught up in the euphoria, though I’m not sure why. 
Drexler came to me after. “What do you think, Leopold? Is this something which interests you?”
It did not, but I agreed. “Yes, the people need a voice, and if the average man can articulate it well,  he will win them over.”
Harrer heard me and came over. “You are precisely right, sir. The average man needs to be heard, but he must not speak like an average man. Tell me sir, what do you do?”
“I am somewhat retired, but I was the bodyguard and chauffeur to the late archduke and duchess.”
“You are Leopold Lojke?” Harrer asked, incredulous.
“You know him?” asked Drexler. 
“Of course,  Anton. This is the man who singlehandedly almost stopped the Great European War from starting. Leopold here was driving the archduke in Sarajevo when he and he alone saved his life not once but twice. He caught a bomb thrown at the archduke and tossed it back at the assassin. Then, when he was taking the couple to the hospital to see a wounded soldier – which Leopold here insisted they do – he jumped down and wrestled the gun from the second assassin's hand. Can you imagine, a lowly chauffeur, insisting the heir to the imperial throne go and visit a wounded soldier?”
I’m guessing that a journalist is someone who takes the truth, and distorts it so you have no clue what it really is. “Anton, I had no idea you had such a hero in your midst.” Harrer turned back to me. “Are you much at public speaking, sir?”
“I have been known to debate occasionally.”
“Would you be interested in running for public office?” 
This could be my start. “I am interested, but please, tell me more of your thoughts.” And so, Drexler and Harrer expounded on the finer points of anti-communism, anti-Semitism (as Potenza told me was the correct term) and how to bully and berate your opposition. They continued to prime me and ready me for the upcoming election and when it came, I was totally disappointed when I lost.
“Now is not the time to mope and feel sorry for yourself,” Potenza told me. “I didn’t expect you to get elected. The only way you can take control of this country is to do the exact same things Hitler did. You are going to have to give speeches, criticize your opponents and in the next few months, stage a coup.”
“I’m sorry, did you say I have to stage a coup?”
“Yes, but don’t worry. You will fail and then go to jail, but there you will write your memoirs and get the nation's blood boiling.”
“You’re insane,” I said.
“No, but you’re going to have to be to pull this off.”

Over the next couple of months, I spoke at a number of rallies. My rallying point seemed to be the Jew stealing our meat and butter, though I never had any experience in this. I did meet a fine Jewish fellow named Hiram Goldberg. He was a baker and innkeeper in Munich. I met him while he cleaned up after the window to his shop had been broken the night before by hooligans.
“Herr Goldberg,  why do the Germans hate the Jews so much?”
“You are the one speaking of it at your rallies, Herr Lojke. Why don’t you tell me why you hate the Jew?” I had no answer for him since I didn’t hate any Jews. In fact, he was the first one I met. “I thought not. Perhaps when you decide why you hate my people, you can come back and tell me. Until then, leave me to clean up the mess your people made of my shop.”
I really didn’t like not being liked. I told Potenza that afternoon. “Let me give you some advice, Jonas. Don’t talk to any Jewish people, don’t get to know them or try to be friends with them. This will be much easier if they are an abstract concept to you.”
“What is it about them though? What did a Jewish person ever do to the Germans?”
“It's not just Germany and it goes back 2,000 years.”
I put up my hand. “Hold on. You’re telling me this is not even something which happened recently.”
“No. The Jew was made a scapegoat by the Christians because of their involvement in the death of their savior.”
“All of this over religious differences?” I asked. 
“Pretty sad, huh.” 

I kept it up. The rallies started being known as the “meat and butter” sermons and caught the attention of a disgruntled general by the name of Erich Ludendorff. Ludendorff was disgusted by what he perceived as his government's losing of everything he personally gained for them. He approached me after one. “You speak of the need for change,” he said. “Do you think this can happen?”
“If there are enough people willing. Sometimes you need to shove it in their face and sometimes you need to help it along just a little.”
“And how would you do that?”
“The men in elected office right now are fools and traitors. They give away our hard earned money, our meat, our butter and our land to our enemies. Are these the right men to be in power?”
“And I ask you again,” Ludendorff said, “What would you do?”
“It is time for the people to take back Germany from the traitors.”
“You mean to stage a coup?” asked Ludendorff. 
“Nothing so brutal.  I mean to take back, state by state, the country which was so wrongfully taken from us by the traitorous communists who are in power.” Ludendorff warily agreed with me, though he was unsure of how to proceed. I suggested a meeting with some friends I had accumulated through my rallies. Two days later, he and I met with Harrer, Drexler, Gregor Strasser and three neophytes to the cause: a failed manure salesman, a Great European War ace, and a newspaper reporter known to Harrer. I introduced them to each other.
“I believe you all know Anton, Gregor and Karl, but I would like to introduce to you Heinrich Himmler (the manure salesman), the Baron Manfred von Richthofen, Josef Göbbels (the reporter), and finally the greatest military commander Germany has produced since Frederick the Great, General Erich Ludendorff.” Drexler and Harrer were in awe of the two military men, while Göbbels and Himmler seemed rather blasé. Now you may wonder why the Red Baron was there and not Göring. Another little change of history. Originally, the Red Baron was killed when his plane was shot down in 1918 and his squadron was taken over by none other than Hermann Göring. Since the war ended two years earlier, Göring never became a well-known fighter pilot and the legendary von Richthofen was still alive, and in this case, also angry about the turn of events in post-war Germany. 
We discussed the next steps. Göbbels suggested a news offensive, smearing all opponents and propping up whoever we suggested. Harrer disagreed, preferring to tell everyone the glorious stories of myself, the Red Baron and General Ludendorff. Drexler agreed with Harrer and Himmler sat silently with his hands between his legs. I proposed a different tack. “Gentlemen,  now is the time for actions, not words. Words put the country where it is today – under the boot of the French, English and communist Russian. We need to overthrow the cowards and traitors who sold our glorious Fatherland to our enemies.”
There were some murmurs of agreement, but nobody was willing to heartily agree until Ludendorff stood up. “My friends, I gave Germany the greatest gift of all when I gave it the Ober Ost. It was the breathing room our country needed. But that gift was squandered and I was stabbed in the back by liberals, communists and Jews. Until we stand up to these people, the will continue to give away the country until the very bread you eat ends up on a Russian plate. No, my friends, the time for action has come and we are the men to instigate it.”
Baron von Richthofen also stood up. “I did not risk my life in this war, and watch many of my friends die, just so we could give everything away. We must rally our troops together and remove this government.”
Drexler, Strasser, Göbbels and Harrer also stood, while Himmler still sat with is hands between his knees. I wanted to punch him. “Then gentlemen,” I said, “it is settled. We will begin organizing and gathering good men together. We will march and remove this government before it gives away the shirts from our backs!”

It took a couple of months, but by June 1918 we were ready. I was five years early and the country was angry, but not enough to follow us, even if we were successful. It would take a full communist revolution in Russia – which Potenza estimated was still a few months away – as well as an economic collapse in Germany to sway enough people to our side. But, I managed to convince everyone to continue.
The Bürgerbräukeller, a large beer hall in Munich, was to be the site of a political meeting led by Kurt Eisner, the Minister President of Bavaria. We had organized over 500 men to surround the building, and then I would go in with Ludendorff,  von Richthofen, Göbbels and thirty men, while Himmler organized the troops outside with our two newest recruits: Ernst Röhm and Hermann Göring.  Harrer and Drexler had left our group, as we had become too radical for their liking.
  We entered the building (which smelled of stale urine and stale beer) just before nine at night  and approached the stage. Eisner was addressing the crowd and looked down as we pushed through the crowd and mounted the stage. I moved him out of the way while von Richthofen and Ludendorff flanked me and the rest stayed on the floor. “Gentlemen. GENTLEMEN!” Finally I had to shoot my pistol in the air. “Gentlemen, the national revolution has begun!”
Ludendorff and von Richthofen stayed on the stage to speak while I ushered Eisner, the chief of police Hans Ritter von Seisser and General Otto von Lossow, who also happened to be there, into a room just off the stage. When inside, I waved my gun at them. “Gentlemen, if you please, this coup will go on with or without you, but it would be much easier to have your cooperation. Will you join us in changing the government in Berlin?” The three men clustered together and spoke in hushed tones. I stood there like an idiot for five minutes, then started to lose patience. “Well, what is your answer?”
Eisner got to his feet. “We will join your putsch, but we must be the face of the government for this to work.”
“I agree. With General Ludendorff and Baron von Richthofen, it will give us credibility. Excellent.” I ushered them back to the main hall, where Ludendorff was speaking. He stopped when he saw us.
“Gentlemen, the time has come for us to form a new government in Berlin,” said Eisner addressing the crowd. “These men will help lead us out of the abyss.” It became very quiet, save for some murmuring in the crowd. 
“I will let the men outside know it is time to secure the important areas of the city. General, please stay with these men.” Ludendorff nodded, and I stepped out to speak with Röhm. “The beer hall is secure. Take men and secure the police and military headquarters.”
“What about the telegraph office and the radio?” Röhm asked.
Well, the coup would work if I secured those. “No, we have the assurances from Eisner. Just make sure the headquarters are secured.” Röhm nodded and had close to 100 men accompany him. I wandered down the road behind them when I heard Potenza call to me. I walked over to the doorway she was standing in.
“Jonas, you made sure Ludendorff is alone with Eisner?”
“Yes. But how do you know Eisner will do the same as the other guy did in the true timeline?”
“It boils down to Ludendorff. He will be convinced by von Lossow and von Seisser to let them go to take up their new jobs as heads of the government.  Ludendorff will listen to von Lossow – one general to another. You told Röhm not to worry about the telegraph?”
“Yes.”
“Good. The coup should fall apart in a couple of days, you can go to jail and dictate your memoirs to that lickspittle Hess.”
“Are you sure this will work?”
“No, but since you screwed time up, you’re the only one who can fix this and this has the best chance of success.”
“Why can’t you do this? You know a lot more about this history than I do. Remember, my thing was coffee shipments during the Crimean War.”
“I guess you didn’t notice all the men in there. See any women? I thought not. Not a particularly egalitarian society. And since you are the only other time traveler in the immediate area, it’s up to you.”
“When you put it that way.”
“Oh, there's Eisner, von Russow and von Seisser. Stay over here, Jonas – we don’t want them to see you.” I skulked in the evening shadows with Potenza watching the trio leave the beer hall. Ludendorff told Himmler to let them pass. Soon, others started to leave the beer hall and von Richthofen came out to talk to Ludendorff.  “Wait here for another 20 minutes or so – we want them to get to the telegraph station to send word to the army.”
I waited, and watched the men leave for their homes. Ludendorff and von Richthofen lingered for a while longer and I finally approached them after the prescribed time. “Where is everyone?” I asked. Ludendorff explained that von Rossow had implored him to leave to set the coup in motion, and he had given his word as an officer. Von Richthofen looked unimpressed.
“Excellent. We shall go to the Rathaus in the morning and organize the March on Berlin.” I thanked them for their service tonight, then turned to go back to the apartment.  Ludendorff headed to his hotel, but von Richthofen caught up with me.
“Herr Lojke, do you not think this is a bad idea? Eisner and the others will surely contact the army and put down this revolt.”
“The general gave his word to Ludendorff.”
Von Richthofen scoffed. “His word. He is part of the problem. If we are overthrowing the government because we don’t trust them, then why are we trusting them when it is time to overthrow them?”
Damn, I didn’t have a good answer for that one, so I just said: “If Ludendorff believes him, that’s good enough.”
He shook his head. “This is going nowhere.” He turned from me and walked away. That was the last time I ever saw von Richthofen.  It is said no matter what you do, fate will always step in the way. The Red Baron went to work for BMW in their aircraft division and was killed in a plane accident six years later, so except for the minor footnote of him taking part in the attempted coup, history did not change much with or without him.
The next morning, I knew the plan had failed. The army had secured the telegraph station and radio and had surrounded the Rathaus.  Eisner delivered a radio address telling about the coup attempt and how he had been coerced to lead it. He implored the people to remain calm and let General von Rossow take command of the situation. The conspirators were asked to surrender by noon and if they didn’t, the military would go door to door and arrest them. I went to Röhm, Strasser, Himmler, Göbbels and Ludendorff and told them we must March to the Odeonsplatz, which was the central square in the city. They agreed, and by noon we had almost 2,000 men marching down Ludwigstrasse towards the square. The army had set up there waiting for us, forewarned – probably by Potenza – of our intent.
Göbbels, Himmler, Ludendorff,  Röhm and myself were at the front of the group, arms locked. The rest of the men poured around us, striking out at the police and military who had assembled. I saw at least five men go down when one group of officers opened fire on the group. That strengthened our resolve until we noticed the machine gun in front of us. I looked over at Ludendorff, who shook his head. I yelled back at the group to retreat and chaos ensued. Those who tried to escape were either beaten with truncheons or the butts of rifles. A few men continued on, but we’re mowed down by the machine gun. When it opened fire, we decided that was enough for us. We unlocked our arms and ran for our lives. Göbbels was hit in the leg with a bullet and went down. Röhm was hit in the arm and lay in the street. A bullet whizzed  past my ear as I hid in a building alcove. Most of the rest of the men dispersed, though I saw probably 30 corpses and at least that many injured in the street. I went back to the apartment and waited to be arrested.
Potenza puffed on a cigarette when I returned. “You smoke?”
“Obviously,” she replied. “All went to plan?” I told her what happened. “Göbbels and Himmler get away?”
“Yes, though Göbbels was hit in the leg.”
She chuckled. “History is funny sometimes.  In the original putsch, it was Göring who was shot in the leg. I guess someone had to take a bullet for the team. Did you see what happened to Göring?”
“I don’t remember seeing him today.”
“I hope he didn’t lose interest. We need him for this to play out properly.”
“So am I just supposed to wait here for the police?”
“Yep. No choice.”
“Great.”
The police arrived two days later and unceremoniously broke the door open. As I was escorted out, all Potenza said to me was “don’t worry, I know a good locksmith.”

The trial was short. Ludendorff was acquitted, as was Göbbels. Himmler and Strasser were convicted, as was a little ass kisser – I believe that’s the right term – named Rudolf Hess.  What I found out later was two of the three judges wanted to acquit me, since they felt my argument – that I did it for the greater Germany – was worthy of pardon. The third judge disagreed, and they settled on five years, which was the most lenient sentence.
As per Potenza’s instructions, I used the trial as a podium. I defended myself but went on a hundred different tangents, mainly about saving Germany from itself, don’t trust the government, blaming anyone I could, etc. One of my best speeches I saved for last.
“My name is Leopold Lojke and as many of you know, I saved the archduke Franz Ferdinand from assassination twice. I did this not because I believed in him – he was a weak man, who would have watered down the Austrian Empire by giving Slavs and Jews and Muslims equality. I did it to stop a civil war and the Great European War from happening. If our weak Kaiser had not followed the emperor into a fool's war, we would not be where we are today: toadying to the French,  the British and the communist Russian. 
“If the archduke had lived, Germany would be greater. The Empire would have fallen to the dirty Slavs and we would have reunited all Germans under one greater German Empire. (I should note here that Potenza wrote this for me) This is where we are now. We have the chance to make Germany great again, but we are squandering it by giving away our meat and butter to our former enemies. Is this right? Is this how you want to live your lives – as slaves to our enemies? We must take control of our economy, our land, our people. Those who are impure, the Slavs, the Russians, the communists, the Jews, they must all be sent away from our great country. Germany must be made great again!”
It might have been a good speech, but it didn’t stop me from being sent to Landsberg prison on September 13, 1918, with my lap dog Hess by my side. He was the most irritating man, always fawning, always telling me I should write down my thoughts. I acquiesced after the fourth day, and he volunteered to type them out. Himmler was in a different prison, which was fine because he also irritated me a great deal. In fact, all of these Nazis were boring, or crazy, or both. The only one who was interesting was von Richthofen,  and we all know how that ended up.
For the next six months, I spouted the garbage my “wife” Potenza would feed me every day when she visited. I would read, then memorize it, finally regurgitating it to Hess the next day. One thing I can say about Hitler – if these were really his words – was that he was a bitter, hateful little man who couldn’t string together a coherent thought if he wanted to. I had no idea how Hess was doing, but when we approached the end of the jail time, so too did the writing end.
“A masterpiece, Herr Lojke,” he gushed.
I waved him off. “Yes, yes, but who will publish it?”
“Our man Göbbels looked after that. The party ranks have swelled these past few months and with donations, we were able to buy the publisher Eher Verlag. They are already publishing two newspapers for the cause.” I must not have looked happy. “This disappoints you?”
“Hmm? No, not at all. It is excellent news.” Or it was if I wanted to spread Nazi propaganda. That night, as I slept, I swore I heard someone calling my name. Not Leopold,  but my real name. I looked around, thinking it was Potenza.  Then I wondered if the Temporal Minister had managed to re-establish contact. But that was it. Nothing further, and I went back to sleep. 
About two weeks later and only eight months into our jail term, the warden of Landsberg prison came to our cells. “By order of the Bavarian government, you are free to go.” The guard accompanying the warden opened our cells. As we were allowed to wear our civilian clothes in the prison, we were escorted to the main entrance of the prison and let go. Hess immediately hugged me, then left. I looked around. The prison was on the outskirts of Landsberg am Lech, about 65 kilometres west of Munich. I hitched a ride on a farmer’s wagon for about half the trip, then walked the other half. By the time I arrived back in Munich, it was three days later. I had eaten a few apples on the way but was starving when I returned. Potenza was sitting having a cigarette.
“Oh you’re back,” she said.
“Yes, thanks for helping me.”
“You made it, you’re fine. You do look hungry though.”
“Yes, and I really would like a coffee.”
“You know where everything is. Did you finish your memoirs?”
“I did, and Hess was taking it to get published.”
“Excellent. That should stir the Nazis into a frenzy. Once it is published, you will have to travel around the country speaking.” Which I did for the next two years. The crowds grew steadily as did the anger with the Weimar Republic (the name given to the government after the war). The anger came from war reparations mainly, which caused two problems: shortages of food, fuel and other necessities; and the hyperinflation which followed. Inflation was bad when Drexler fixed my lock; it was a hundred times worse now. Most people demanded getting paid every day, though even then there was very little to buy. 
I spoke incessantly, and the words easily came off my tongue. I spoke in Dresden in the morning, Leipzig at lunch and Berlin at dinner. I would drive from Berlin to Hamburg, then do Hamburg, Bremen and Hanover the next day, then move throughout the country and repeat, repeat, repeat. By the second month I had memorized my standard spiel: government, communists and Jews were bad – I was good. I would throw in some tidbits every so often, like the man who told me at a rally he had two coffees in a local shop. When he went in, the price for two was 20 marks. By the time he finished the second, his bill for one was 40. Or the  woman who told me the only way she could pay for food for her family was to sell her body (since the price of that never changed) and her husband approved, since his paycheck was worthless at the end of the day.
Stories like that really provoked the German people. Hey, my coffee is expensive, too! Hey, my wife isn’t a whore, but the government is forcing her to be one!
All of this anger contributed to our cause, and in the elections of 1921, 14 members of the Nazi party (as we were now known) were elected to the Reichstag, the German parliament. That night, as I sat down with Göbbels and Hess, I again heard a voice call my real name.
“Jonas. Jonas, you must stop this.”
“Did anyone hear that?” I asked. 
“Hear what, mein Führer?”
“That voice, calling to Jonas.”
“Jonas? Sounds like a Jew name,” Göbbels laughed. Hmm, am I Jewish?  I wondered. I also wondered if the Temporal Minister was trying to contact me, wanting me to stop. I tended to believe Potenza more right now, since the minister's idea stranded me in the past in the first place. I heard the voice on and off for the next few weeks. 
Finally I mentioned it to Potenza. “Are you sure?” she asked.
“I’m sure I keep hearing someone call me Jonas.”
“That’s troubling. What does the voice say?”
“Usually it just calls my name. Sometimes it says ‘don’t do it,’ although I don’t know what ‘it’ is.”
“I wouldn’t worry about it, Jonas. There’s nothing they can do to you back in the past.”
“What if they try to pull my consciousness?”
She shook her head. “They would’ve already pulled you out if they could. No, they're probably just trying to stop you from continuing.”
“And why would they do that?”
“Remember, the reason they sent you back in the first place was to stop both world wars. We are continuing them, so it is likely they want you to try to complete your mission and stop what you are doing.”
“Listen, I’m just a low-level analyst and this is coming from the Minister herself. Shouldn’t I be listening?”
“You said I was always supervising you in every other timeline. Don’t you think you should listen to me more?”
I agreed, and endured these dreams for six more years. In that time, the Nazi party became more powerful, and I with it. Himmler formed the SS, the dreaded secret police and my bodyguard. Göbbels continued to print his lies and Göring joined us after a brief career as a crop duster and salesman for Fokker aircraft. In this alternate timeline, Göring never became addicted to morphine because he was never shot in the leg during the Bierkeller Putsch. He was much more useful to me and much less of a blowhard than expected, Potenza told me.
At least that was until June 11, 1926. It was a rainy day and Göring was coming with me to a rally. We were joking in the car beforehand and I had grown to like him. He was arrogant with others, but deferred to me and used to tell the best stories. We were in Bremen to give a speech. I exited the car first, followed by Göring.  The crowd chanted “Lojke! Lojke!” and I was soaking it all in. A lowly analyst at the Temporal Ministry normally does not get crowds of thousands of adoring fans chanting their name – or at least the name they’ve taken – and that sense of euphoria overwhelms you. I looked back at Göring, smiling. He was just going down to the ground, grimacing.  Two SS men were rushing to him and eight came out of nowhere and surrounded me. They rushed me back into the car.
“What has happened?”
“Herr Göring has been shot.” The car drove away and as I looked out the back window I could see him lying on the sidewalk with a crowd gathering around him. I turned around, stupefied that someone would want to kill him – he was just so fun. We went back to the hotel and the SS guards ushered me up to my room. I immediately started writing a speech for the next day.
“How is Göring doing? I wish to see him.”
My very Aryan head of security told me it would be unwise to leave the security of the hotel, but he would find out how Göring was. I didn’t like him either, he was possibly the most arrogant person I had ever met. I found out Göring would be okay – the bullet had struck him in the leg below the knee, shattering his tibia. He would recover, but walking would be painful. 
I went to that day's rally incensed by the actions of one man. “Yesterday, one man tried to kill a great hero of the Reich. Yesterday, fear of the great strides we are taking against the communist and the Jew put us on a course to destruction. But we will not be swayed. We will not bow down. We are German and we are great and we will continue our great work until the Fatherland is once again the center of Europe not just physically, but economically and morally.” I went on for over an hour and I could get into detail of how great the speech was, but space in this memoir precludes that. The crowd roared its approval and I left feeling invigorated. “We will go to the hospital to see Göring,” I announced. There was no argument from those in the car, but the voice came back.
“Jonas, what are you doing? You are blaming innocent people for the crime of one. Don’t do this Jonas, don’t repeat history.” 
I visited Göring. He was in good spirits, though you could see he was in pain. “How long will he be here?” I asked the doctor.
“Perhaps three weeks. It will be longer for him to walk, but he should be able to with a cane.” The doctor waved over a nurse, who administered a dose of morphine. I thanked him and said goodbye to Göring. 
I was in the hallway when a nurse approached. “Herr Lojke,  can I have your autograph?” I smiled at the request, then realized it was Potenza. 
“Of course, I am always happy to oblige someone who does good things for the people.” I turned to the SS guards.  “I would speak with this woman, to ask her about Herr Göring.”
“Mein Führer,  Herr Himmler told us not to leave your side.”
“And I’m telling you to give me a few minutes privately.”
The two clicked their heels – which I always thought was a ridiculous response – and said, “Yes, mein Führer.”
I led Potenza to an empty room. “Why are you here?”
“Hello Jonas, good to see you too.”
“I don’t have time for chit chat. I must return to the hotel to prepare for this afternoon's speech.”
“Ah yes, the Bremen Business League. You are really enjoying this, aren't you?”
“What do you mean? I’m just doing what you want me to do.”
“You are, but you don't  seem to mind as much as you used to. Don’t find it distasteful anymore?”
“I find Himmler and Göbbels and Hess distasteful. I really like Göring though, he’s fun to be around.”
“Yes, too bad about the shooting yesterday. Lucky it was only his leg.”
“Hmm, yes, just like it was supposed to happen.”
“Fate has a funny way of righting history.”
“You don’t believe in fate. I find it funny you happen to be in Bremen at the same time as the shooting.”
“Are you accusing me of trying to kill Göring? That makes no sense. You need him to continue on.”
“No, I’m not accusing you of trying to kill Göring. I’m pretty sure if you wanted him dead, I would be at a funeral now, not the hospital.”
“Good, Jonas. I don’t want any bad blood between us.”
“You never answered my question. What are you doing here?”
“I’m just here for moral support, to make sure you keep up your good work.”
I turned to leave. “I’m doing fine on my own, thanks.” I opened the door to leave. “And I would appreciate it if you left me alone now.” 


19

I didn’t see Potenza for the next three years. We had made great strides in the next election, picking up 64 seats and were poised to take a majority in the 1930 elections. I was becoming more powerful, as were the SS.  Göbbels would manufacture minor crises, which Himmler would take care of with the SS, much to the consternation of the police and military.
One crisis he had nothing to do with, and Himmler couldn’t fix, started in October 1929. A financial crisis of epic proportions descended on the world. The German economy was not immune, and was sent spiralling downward. The mood of the people changed, and my rallies became angry affairs.
“What are you doing to fix this?” was a common call. I had to increase my attacks on communists and Jews,  blaming them for the incursion on our well being. The panic worsened and many Germans were thrown out of work. It backfired on me when the government fell in April 1930 and we won only 28 seats in the Reichstag. The communists came on strong, promising deliverance from what was now being called the Depression. This lie lasted about a year, and when the economy stayed the same, my talk of full employment and rebuilding German industry and taking back what was rightfully ours – as in the lands taken by France and Russia after the Great European War – struck a chord with the voters and we won 306 of the 627 seats in the Reichstag.  It wasn’t a majority, but it was enough to convince Chancellor van Papen to ask President von Hindenburg to form a government with me as chancellor and him as vice chancellor. At the time, I didn’t understand why he wouldn’t want to form the government, but I found out later he thought he could better control me from the lower position.
I was in my office in the Reichstag on a morning in March 1931 when Hess came in. “Mein Führer,  there is a woman reporter here from the New York Times who wishes an interview.”
“The New York Times?  Send her in.  I always have time for the American newspapers.” Hess went out and came back in with Potenza.  She had aged since last I saw her. Her hair was pulled back from her face and was now gray streaked.
She walked forward offering her hand. “Good morning Mr. Lojke. Thank you for taking the time to speak with me.”
I looked at Hess. “Thank you Rudolf. That is all for now.” He clicked his heels and saluted me in that ridiculous way all Nazis did. “To what do I owe this pleasure? “
“It’s good to see you are progressing as planned. How are you doing Jonas? I see you’ve put on weight.” It’s true I had been enjoying the German delicacies, but it was hard not to. “What are your next steps?”
“I have already spoken to Göring. I want to get this over with, so we will get rid of von Hindenburg early. He has gone past the point of being useful.” 
“To properly seize power, we will have to wait until von Hindenburg dies in three years. Just relax. Let’s not mess with the timeline any more than we have to.” I shook my head. “Have you heard the voice much?”
“Off and on. It died out when we lost seats last year, but it has been very loud the last few months.”
“What does it say?”
“Same as always.”
“Well don’t listen to it, it will only distract you from the target.” We spoke for a while longer, then parted ways. I stayed the course as directed.  Göbbels was irritating, but an effective propaganda master. Himmler was more irritating,  yet effective at stirring up the base and attacking those he deemed were dissenters: Jews, communists,  Freemasons, homosexuals and Jehovah's Witnesses. Göring was the only one I found interesting to be around, though that changed in October 1931 when his wife Carin died. 
Carin was a lovely hostess and they were devoted to each other. She had flown to Stockholm for her mother's funeral, though she was suffering from tuberculosis at the time. That, mixed with the stress of her mother’s death, brought on a heart attack and Carin died at the age of 42. The 38-year-old Göring was heartbroken and absolutely no use to me for over a month. When he did return, he was distracted and had become addicted to morphine, a result of the gunshot wound. Because of this, it wasn’t until May 1932 the next phase of our plan was executed. 
Just after midnight on May 13, Göring, two SS goons and a Dutch communist laborer named Marinus van der Lubbe took a back passage tunnel into the deputy's chamber of the Reichstag. They soaked drapes in gasoline, then put them over the oak furniture and panelling. Göring lit one of the drapes, then turned to the SS men, who knocked out van der Lubbe. The three escaped through the tunnel and van der Lubbe managed to stumble out of the building with some minor burns. He was arrested on the steps of the Reichstag and the fire burned throughout the night and into the morning. I went to the presidential palace that morning to talk to von Hindenburg. 
“Lojke, what is happening to our country?” the elderly President asked me.
“Mein Reichpräsident, we have found evidence the communists set the fire after losing power in the last election.”
“What proof?”
“A Dutch communist was found burned at the building and he has given us the names of his co-conspirators.”
“Waste no time then, Lojke.  We can’t let this get out of control.”
“To do this, I must have more powers at my disposal. You must invoke Article 48.” Article 48 of the Weimar constitution abolished freedom of speech, privacy and assembly and allowed phone tapping, among other things. Von Hindenburg grudgingly agreed. I happily left the palace and told Göring to be ready. Later that day, von Hindenburg went on radio to tell the people of his decision. Two days later, Himmler and Göring had the SS swoop down on communist headquarters in Berlin as well as regional offices in Frankfurt, Munich, Hamburg and Leipzig. A very public trial was held, with manufactured evidence against the communists and five, including van der Lubbe,  were convicted and executed. 
More than 5,000 communists were rounded up and put into a prison camp north of Munich called Dachau over the next six months. Over the next few years, Himmler sent political opponents, homosexuals and gypsies to the camp as well. During this time, the voice increased in my head and now caused headaches and occasionally blurred my vision. I visited my doctor, Theodor Morell, about it. He prescribed a variety of vitamins and preparations (though I never told him the cause of the headaches). The voices calmed down.

In June of 1933 I announced a plan for full employment for any able-bodied man. We would begin building a great highway from north to south for the great new automobiles Mercedes and BMW were now building. Secretly though, this autobahn would make the movement of troops around the country quick and easy. I also enlisted the help of Reich Central Banker Hjalmar Schacht to free up money “to increase industrial output.” The increased output was directed at munitions and steel manufacturers like Thyssen and Krupp, as well as the auto manufacturers – who along with Focke-Wulf, Heinkel  and Junkers started making fighters and bombers.
The industrialists were all too happy to get government contracts and low interest loans. Of course, there was a price to pay for it. I had Göring organize a meeting of the most powerful men in the country, which he did on April 26, 1933. The men all received ornate invitations to come for a grand dinner and speech at the home of the President of the Reichstag, who also happened to be Göring. I signed the invitations, knowing none of them would refuse if it were signed by the great Leopold Lojke. These were the captains of industry, and included:
 Krupp arms head  Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach, a long-winded name for a nebbish, the level of which I had never met. He looked like a stiff breeze would blow him to Argentina, 
 Fritz von Opel, representing the Opel division of the American General Motors. Fritz was probably the most interesting – and disinterested man in the group. Four years earlier, he had personally tested a rocket-powered airplane.
Günther Quandt, a grumpy industrialist who I didn’t think was too keen on me, but showed up because it was good for business.  Thankfully Göbbels wasn’t at this meeting because there was some bad blood between the two – Göbbels married Quandt’s ex-wife and I was…I was best man at the wedding,
 Georg von Schnitzler, an extremely well dressed board member from IG Farben, the huge chemical company which dwarfed DuPont in size. I heard him complain about the wine selection and Göring’s taste in art,
Kurt Schmitt, the extremely dry board member from insurer Allianz,
And Hjalmar Schacht, the president of the central bank whose starched collar looked like it might snap his head clean off.
Göring spoke first after dinner. I sat in a room by myself eating, as I did not want to ruin the moment of my entry, and because lately I had started having stomach issues, specifically excessive flatulence. He finished, a took a sip of my coffee, and stepped into the room where the men assembled. The applause was restrained, not boisterous as in many of my rallies.
“Gentlemen, the Great  Depression, as they were now calling it, had taken a toll on every country. The Americans are experimenting with something Roosevelt calls the New Deal. I do not want to interfere with the workings of your businesses, but I want them to be successful. Successful industry means a strong Reich!” And so I continued for almost an hour and a half. It was hard to speak that long, but Potenza told me Hitler liked to go on and on, so I must as well.
Krupp was enthralled, literally on the edge of his seat; von Opel started to nod off; Quandt looked angrily at me (and all I kept thinking was “what was I supposed to do? Göbbels wanted me to be his best man"), and Schacht and the rest mainly squirmed in their seats. I must remind Göring next time we do this to get more comfortable chairs. I finished, the group applauded and I left the room, though stayed within earshot. Krupp stood up and addressed the group, praising me to the point of ridiculous. Göring then cried the blues (I believe is the correct American term) and told the group the Nazi party would have difficulty carrying out its bold plan and difficulty fighting off the communists without money in its treasury. 
This is where Schacht stood and addressed the men: “Gentlemen, the party needs three million Reichsmarks to fight in the next election. Otherwise, all of the Führer’s great plans will be for nothing.” I found this type of cajoling amusing. These very powerful men were very willing to give to the party, so long as it served their needs. 
Göring came to me the next day. I used to welcome speaking to him, but since his wife died, he was a morose, bland character,  though he did still have interesting stories. I did find he – like myself – was enjoying the strüdel a little too much and had started the gain weight. “Mein Führer,  your speech last night impressed as always,” he fawned. “We already have 200,000 donated to the cause.”
“Yes, yes, good. Hermann, I must ask you: what do you think we should do next?”
Göring was taken aback. I don’t think anyone thought the Führer would ever ask for advice. “In regards to what, mein Führer? The air force, the army, the Jews?”
“I meant the country in general. What would you do?”
Göring looked like I had given him a new puppy. “Mein Führer,  you would ask me such an important question?” Yes, I would. Now stop fawning and answer. “I would of course continue your great works, such as the Autobahn and the rebuilding of our glorious armed forces. I would also put down your detractors and enemies.”
“My enemies?”
“Men who you maybe thought you could trust, but are truly plotting against you.”
“Who would dare plot against me? Am I not doing great things for the German people?” I knew the answer, as Potenza had already filled me in. These were men Göring and Himmler saw as adversaries, yet posed no real threat to me, the Nazi party or Germany. Goring and Himmler would go on to fabricate evidence against Ernst Röhm,  Gregor Strasser, former chancellor Kurt von Schleicher and the head of police who arrested us during the failed coup Hans Ritter von Seisser. This was based on me asking what evidence he had against these men.
“How's your brother doing, Hermann?”
“Albert? He is good, though he is divorcing his second wife.”
I laughed.  “He is quite the playboy.”
“He is an embarrassment to the family.”
“We can’t chose who our family is, Hermann. Be kind to him, you only have one brother.”
 “Yes, mein Führer.”
“And what of you? Will you marry again?”
“I still have the pain of my dear Carin’s hurting me everyday.”
“Hermann, you must move on. Do you remember the lovely actress we met at the café in Munich? What was her name…Emmy Sonnemann. You should see her.”
“If you wish it, mein Führer.”
“I wish you to be happy, Hermann. You are no use to me if you are going to wallow in self pity. I will arrange for you to meet her, and then you decide. I would not force you, of course, but you must be happy my old friend.”
Göring met up with Emmy later that week (my powers seemed quite unlimited at this point, and it was Potenza who suggested this, otherwise Göring would have sunk deeper into a morphine-induced hole from which he never would have escaped).  They spent much time together, which turned around Göring’s attitude and made him instrumental to what would happen over the next few years.
It took Himmler and Göring some time to fabricate the evidence I knew was coming, but finally the two presented it at a meeting we had in May of 1934, along with Hess and Göbbels. “Mein Führer,” the weasel Himmler began, “we have evidence of a plot against you and the party.”
I feigned astonishment. “What have you learned?”
“Röhm (who was the head of the Nazi stormtroopers) has been receiving money from the French to stage a coup against you.”
“This can’t be.” Himmler and Göbbels presented falsified bank documents showing deposits of 12 million Reichsmarks to Röhm from French nationals.
“He has tried to take control of the army, he is staging riots in the streets and it is only a matter of time before he overthrows us because of his contempt for the movement,” Göbbels said. There was some truth to it. A few weeks earlier, Minister of Defense von Blomberg had come to me to say Röhm had ordered him to make the stormtroopers (or the SA, as they were known) the true army and the actual army would just be the training ground for the SA. They were untrained hooligans who were getting drunk and rioting. Röhm I didn’t mind too much at first, but now he was just becoming a loudmouth.
“Who else is involved?” I innocently asked.
“The communist Strasser and von Schleicher.” That was fine, I never liked Strasser anyway – he reminded me of Trotsky too much and he was always right and you were always wrong. I didn’t really know the former chancellor, but I guess if that’s what history wants…
“Let me look at this closer,” I said.
“I can find other information if you like,” said Hess.  
“That’s fine, Rudolf. I will look over this.”
“There is something else, mein Führer,” started Göbbels. “We have found out Röhm is also a homosexual.”
Like being Jewish, I never understood why being homosexual was such an issue. Of course, I was neither – or heterosexual, or Christian, for that matter – so I never could see why this was an issue. But, from the look on the other men’s faces, it would seem the idea completely disgusted them. “Thank you gentlemen,  that is all.” They all rose and began to leave. I watched Göbbels hobble to the door. “Josef, stay a moment.” The minister of propaganda turned and stood waiting. “Sit.” He sat back down in his chair. “How is your leg?”
“It still bothers me, mein Führer. I try not to take medication for it, because I see what it does to Minister Göring.”
Good. I want to see you suffer, you sniveling piece of garbage. “Good Josef,  I need your mind clear so you may continue your good work.” And spread your lies.
After they left, I made a phone call to an old friend. I made some arrangements, then I had my private plane made ready and flew to Artstetten after nightfall. The duchess graciously received me, but was not completely thrilled with me. “Some of the things you have said, Leopold, are terrible. Blaming the Jews – what did they ever do to you?”
“I know, Your Highness, and I wish to make amends. Were you able to contact Göring?”
“I was. At first he was disgusted by you and what you stand for, but I was able to convince him to listen to you.”
“Excellent. Can we go now?” 
“He is expecting us.”

We drove the almost two hours from the duchess’ castle in Artstetten to Albert Göring’s lodge in Grinzing, north of Vienna. I had to be careful not to be seen – it wouldn’t be good for a foreign head of state to just pop in unannounced. We arrived at Albert’s lodge just after midnight and after some pleasantries sat down to business.
“Duchess Sophie has asked me to speak with you, but I have nothing to say,” he said.
“Albert, I know you don’t like me or what I do, but hear me out.  I need you to do everything you can to save every Jew you can.”
Göring looked shocked. “After everything you have said and done, you come to me with this. What do you get out of this?”
“I don’t expect you to believe me and if I were you, I wouldn’t either. And there will be things I do and say which will make you question this meeting, but whatever you do, you must save as many people as you can. Another war will come, and it will swallow every country in the world. I will push for it to make Germany and the German people great again, but there will be some people who will suffer. Homosexuals, Jews, Freemasons, the gypsies, they will all be the scapegoats for Germany’s problems, but you can save many if them. If you have friends who are Jews or are homosexual, tell them to leave Europe and never come back. Only then will they be safe.”
Albert Göring let out a long breath. “I am only one man.”
“You are one man who has a very powerful older brother.”
“Hermann? He is lost to me and a disgrace to the family.”
“He will help you no matter what the circumstance. I will send you money to help the Jews escape but time is short: there will be anarchy in the streets shortly, then it only gets worse. I won’t be able to talk to you again and you can’t use my name. The only thing you can do is what is humanly right, because I will do many things that are truly wrong.”
I left my chair and began to leave. “I will funnel money through the duchess, but that is as close as I can be to you. All you can do is what you think is right. Fate will guide you the rest of the way.”
Göring looked at the duchess. “Is he mad?”
She shook her head. “I honestly don't know anymore.” We took our leave of Göring and headed back to Artstetten. “Leopold, I don’t understand what you are doing.”
“Your Highness,  I am being pushed by forces you don’t understand.  If I can save lives, even though I will take many more, then this will be worth it.” We continued driving. “How are the children?”
She brightened up. “Sophie married after the Great War and has four children and the oldest is coming up 14 years old. Max married a beautiful girl and has four children and Ernst… Ernst hasn’t settled down yet but he has been seeing a young girl. She isn’t of royal blood, but she is just what he needs.”
“I’m glad they still have their mother.”
She started to get teary. “I do miss my Franz though. I know it has been 20 years, but he was  my life, my love.”
I clasped her hand between mine. “I understand, Your Highness.” I didn’t, actually. I had learned to lie extremely well. “It is always hard to lose a love one. Thankfully you have grandchildren now.”
“Yes, they do keep me busy. Leopold, you know this course you are on will fail.”
“I must keep on it though, for the good of Germany.”

I arrived back in Berlin that morning, not having slept at all. Morell had given me some pills to stay awake, though I hated them. I went to my apartment and napped all morning. At lunch I met with Hess. “You approve of everything which was said yesterday?”
“I do, mein Führer.  Röhm and the others have become a danger to the safety of the Reich. You must act before they attempt to overthrow your legitimacy.” My legitimacy?  Who is this guy trying to fool? I stole power when I had the chance, so Röhm is no better – or worse – than I.
“Arrange for another meeting in the next few days. We will draw up a plan to deal with the traitors.” The Schweine Brigade, as I liked to call them, assembled two days later at my retreat, which was called the Berghof in the Bavarian Alps. Potenza told me Hitler liked to go there to relax and I could see why. The view was spectacular and it was efficient at clearing one’s head. I now found I couldn’t stand any of the men. Göbbels,  Himmler and Hess always irritated me, but now even Göring was getting on my nerves. His inability to control his eating and his continual addiction to morphine made him absolutely intolerable. I hoped his eventual marriage to Emmy would bring back the old Göring, but I doubted it.
The only person I found interesting and tolerable now was Field Marshal von Hindenburg, though I’m pretty sure he didn’t like me. Potenza told me von Hindenburg and the other generals were no fans of Hitler, since he was a lowly corporal and didn’t understand the military. Combine that with Röhm pushing for the army to be subservient to the SA, and you can see why there was tension. I tried to alleviate that by learning as much as I could about military tactics and discipline, and then spending as much as I could on new toys for the Wehrmacht (army), Kriegsmarine (navy) and Luftwaffe (air force).
So back to Röhm. I had very little problem dispensing with him, unlike Hitler. He was a lout and a blowhard who drank too much and then would go out with his SA buddies and beat random people in the streets. I summoned him to the Berghof on the pretense of setting up a holiday for the SA leadership.
“Ernst, your men have been working very hard lately. I have arranged for a holiday for them, courtesy of the glorious German people.”
“I am honored, Leo.” Röhm was the only person besides Potenza and the duchess who didn’t call me Führer.  “But we still have much work to do. Now is not the time for vacation.”
Thankfully over the last 20 years – 20 years I’ve been in this time! – thankfully, I had learned to lie and be forceful. “You and your men deserve it, Ernst. And it is not a request.” The groundwork was laid. Röhm and the SA leaders would meet in the spa town of Bad Wiessee on June 28 to relax. What they didn’t realize was Himmler was sending some of his goons as well.
The revelers mostly arrived drunk on the afternoon of the 28th. From there, they stayed at a hotel in the town, getting more drunk and obnoxious and generally terrorizing the townspeople. After two in the morning of the 30th, Himmler sent Theodor Eicke,  who was the commandant of the nearby Dachau concentration camp, with a detachment of SS men. Most of the SA men were engaged in various types of debauchery or passed out drunk. They were rounded up and taken to a local sports stadium. Eicke ordered all of those men shot, then buried in a mass grave outside of town. Röhm was found in his room with a young SA man. It would seem the rumors of his homosexuality were true, and Himmler took great pleasure in being disgusted as he described it to me later. Again, I didn’t really care for the details either way.
Eicke said to Röhm, “By order of the Führer, you are under arrest for treason and crimes against the state.” Röhm was speechless, and did not struggle as the SS brought him to  Stadelheim prison. They left him to contemplate his future for about an hour, then Eicke came in with a pistol with one round. “The Führer has given you the option of taking your own life.” I had not, that was Himmler trying to be dramatic. I wanted the episode over so I could move on.
“If Leopold Lojke wants me dead, he can come and pull the trigger himself,” was Röhm’s response. I would have, if I was in the area, but also I was angered by Himmler and his attempt at showmanship. I ordered Eicke to pull the trigger. He re-entered the cell and shot Röhm twice in the chest. Himmler told me later (and I’m not sure I believe him) that Röhm’s last words were “Heil Lojke.”
Operation Hummingbird was now well underway. Himmler launched coordinated attacks on who were now considered enemies of the party. These included the entire SA leadership, as well as Gregor Strasser, who was an early supporter of the Nazis who fell towards the spectrum of communist and therefore couldn’t be trusted. Also murdered that night was the former chancellor and general Kurt von Schleicher  and his wife, and Major General Kurt von Bredow, though I never understood the necessity of killing them. I was never close to either man, even though von Schleicher was my predecessor. As with von Hindenburg,  both men were career army officers and never took to kindly to me.
The operation became known as the Night of the Long Knives, an overly dramatic name, especially when nobody used a knife, but I understand it was part of a Nazi song lyric. I was glad it was over now and the stormtroopers would be absorbed into the SS. This made the generals happy, since the SS would be more of a police force – or so I thought.
A couple of weeks later, I announced to the German people what had happened, blaming Röhm for attempting to stage a coup. This set it up so I could legalize executing a group of random people who’s only crime was disagreeing with my Schweine Brigade. 


20

I had very little to keep me happy over the next two years. The voice continued in my head and I was finding it extremely distracting. It would call to me almost daily, telling me to stop, but I plodded on.
The distraction I did have came in 1936, when Berlin hosted the Olympic games.  I never had experienced the feats of physical skill like this, though the pageantry was similar to my rallies. The city was decked out with our Nazi symbols, though I had made a change very early in the party’s existence. In the true timeline, the Nazis used the swastika as a symbol of their pure Aryan race. I argued it was not as pure as some Germans thought, being used in Greek and Buddhist archeological sites. I needed something strong, but I felt bad that the symbol was bastardized by the Nazis, so I drew a random figure which looked something like Poseidon’s trident and stuck with that. A minor change to the timeline which at least saved a traditional symbol of good luck.
The streets of Berlin were cleaned up and all signs of anti-Semitism were removed. Göbbels made sure we were presented to the world as a peaceful, tolerant society and a model to behold. One thing I’ll say about the little toad, he was good at lying to the masses.
The athletes and officials started arriving in the end of July. They were met with intertwined Olympic and Nazi flags and a very sanitized city. Himmler had rounded up who he called undesirables – I called them gypsies. Himmler would go off about gypsies almost as much as the Jews, calling them filthy, lying thieves who couldn’t be trusted. They were taken away from Berlin for the Olympics, so the world wouldn't see them. I never met one myself, so I couldn’t say – the closest I ever came to a gypsy was one of Göbbels’ cartoons in the newspaper. He told me – and he thought I believed him – that they only drew gypsies, because a gypsy could steal your soul if you photographed them.
On August 1, 1936, the games opened. The Olympic stadium was filled to capacity and in typical Göbbels fashion, a Richard Strauss fanfare announced my arrival. I smiled and gave the Nazi salute to the crowd, who gave it back with the adoring “Heil, Lojke!” cheer. For most Germans, I had made their life better with my pledges of “more meat and butter,” which by that point most Germans had, at the expense of a minority.
The athletes marched into the stadium, country by country. Some saluted me, most just waved to the crowd. I stood there without emotion, extending my arm in a Nazi salute and feeling rather foolish, like a vending machine spitting out candy. The Americans were one of the last teams to enter and Göbbels made a point of mocking the men who were not white.
“Look at the monkeys the Americans sent, dressed up to look like men.” I didn’t see any monkeys, but caught his drift. I said nothing, though as with the Jews and the gypsies, I didn’t see any reason for this. They acted more civil than most of the Germans in the stadium. Finally, our delegation entered and the crowd roared.
I went to the Olympics most days and found the games fascinating. We had no physical tournaments in the future, so I found man versus man – and finally woman versus woman – very interesting. One in particular was the American Jesse Owens.
Let me preamble this by telling you the Schweine Brigade’s take on the Olympics. Himmler and Göbbels saw this as a way to showcase German superiority, specifically the white, blond-haired, blue-eyed German superiority. I point this out because the sniveling Göbbels was shorter than most, with dark hair and brown eyes. Himmler looked even more ridiculous because of his glasses, dark hair and eyes, but also because he surrounded himself with tall, very Germanic looking SS men.
Back to Jesse Owens. He would come on to the track and the crowd roared.  So much for the Germans embracing the racial superiority. The first event I watched him compete in was the long jump. It was amazing to see him accelerate then launch into the pit of sand. Our German jumper Luz Long did exceptionally well, but Owens jumped better, capturing the gold. Göbbels suggested I not acknowledge the event, so I left the stadium before the medal presentations. 
The next event was the 200 meter sprint, which not only did Owens win, but another black American came second, much to the embarrassment of the Schweine Brigade. I laughed at their discomfort. Finally the 100 meter came and again Owens and another black American came first and second. This time instead I chose to salute him, which I’m sure irritated Göbbels. As Owens  was brought passed where I was seated, I rose from my chair and gave him a Nazi salute. I meant this as a sign of approval, but many that day took it to mean I was shoving the Aryan race ideology down their throats. Göbbels went further, telling people I thought the black man should be banned from the Olympics. I believed the opposite, if for no other reason than it was much more exciting.
I left my seat shortly after and headed down to the area where the athletes changed and relaxed after their events. I told my guards to stay outside. It was here I found Owens speaking to two other men. When they realized I had come in, they both turned and saluted me with a “Heil, Lojke.”
“Are you harassing thus American?”
“No, mein Führer,” one of the men said. “We had supplied him with shoes to run in and wanted to see how they were.” 
“You were running in German shoes?” I asked him.  Owens nodded. “Well if we can’t beat the Americans running, we might as well engineer their shoes for them,” I said laughing. “What are your names?”
“I am Adolf Dassler, this is my brother Rudolf.”
“Very good. May I have a moment with Mr. Owens?”
“Of course, mein Führer,” Adolf said. The two left me alone with Owens.
I sat down across from him. “You have shown great skill these past few days, Herr Owens,” I said in English. This surprised him.
“Thank you sir.”
“Please, call me Leopold. You know, the world would be better if blacks and whites and Jews and Christians were able to get along. Do you know what my top minister calls you? A monkey. Can you imagine?”
“No worse than what my own people call me,” Owens said.
“And I’m sure most of them couldn’t drive a car as fast as you run.”
He smiled a bit. “No sir, I bet they couldn't.”
I stood up and extended my hand. “Thank you for coming to these Olympics,” I said, shaking his hand. “I’m sure your countrymen are very proud of what you have accomplished.” He nodded, and I left him there. I heard years later Roosevelt himself didn’t have the decency to congratulate him, and I never understood why. Jesse Owens was the greatest slap in the face to the Nazi movement, and Roosevelt ignored it.


21

After the Olympics, it was Nazi business as usual. The anti-Semitism was ratcheted back up and the military buildup continued. Industrialists across the country saw this as an opportunity and so did I.
Wilhelm Keppler was good enough to start a group of businessmen informally called the Keppler Kreis (Keppler’s Circle) and formally a group of businessmen who would act as consultants to the economy. Himmler put his dirty little hands in it after 1935 and soon the group was donating over one million Reichsmarks a year to Himmler for his own use. I also decided to use the group, or at least parts of it.
I sat in on one meeting in September 1936 after the Olympics. After the standard pleasantries, I delivered my usual bland, long-winded speech about the need for everyone to be behind me and so on. After the meeting, I caught up with Hans Walz, who was a director at Robert Bosch GmbH. “Herr Walz, may I have a moment of your time?”
Walz was clearly uncomfortable, yet acquiesced. “Of course, mein Führer.”
“How is business at Bosch?”
“Good, we are doing well.”
“I know you and Herr Bosch are members of the Verein zur Abwehr des Antisemitismus.” Walz went pale. “You are doing good work, my friend.”
“I…I don’t understand.”
“What you and Bosch are doing is right. What I am doing is very wrong. Helping the Jews escape this tyranny is the best thing you can do.”
“If you believe this, mein Führer, then why do you continue to persecute them?”
“You would not understand my reasoning. All you must understand is that you must continue your good work. But you can’t do it alone. As an upstanding industrial concern in the Reich, you will be receiving contracts for armaments above and beyond what might normally receive. Take that money and get as many Jews out of Germany as you can and protect the rest.”
Walz was confused, to say the least. I continued. “I know this seems absurd and I don’t expect you to trust me. I will continue to do what I am doing for the good if the country and you must do what you will do for the good of the Jewish people. This may be the only time I speak with you, so I must be sure you understand.” Walz nodded, incredulous. “Good. There are other high profile people doing this as well, and it must be kept secret. At the end of all this,  you are the hero to humanity and I will be the devil incarnate.”
I went back to the others and schmoozed them for a while before leaving. Sadly, the rest of this cabal of evil would never be interested in saving the innocent, only in profits.

By 1938, my rhetoric increased substantially. I started using the word lebensraum, a term coined by one of Hess’ professors for the need for breathing room. I was feeling better and better about myself  and became less worried about the plight of the Jews and the communists, but Potenza told me there was more to do.
In March 1938, I delivered an ultimatum to Austria: join us. The Austrian President was unmoved, but I still had an ace up my sleeve, or so I thought. I went to Artstetten to visit the duchess. She was cold to my overtures.
“Your Highness,  it is good to see you again.”
“Leopold, why do you want this joining of our countries?”
“It is better to have one united German-speaking country against our foes in Britain and France than to have a fragmented population, which makes it easier for our enemies to destroy us.”
“What enemies? We are not at war with anyone.”
“One day, Your Highness,  we will be. I need you to convince the Austrian government.”
“I’m just an old woman living out her final days. Perhaps if I were a Hapsburg, but as you know, they denied me even that.” 
“No matter.”
“Leopold,  I will always have a special place in my heart for you, but what you ask is too much.”
“I understand. Will you be able to get a message to our mutual friend?” She nodded. “Good. Tell him zero hour is upon us. He will understand.”
“Goodbye Leopold, I don’t know if we’ll ever meet again.” I thanked the duchess and left the castle, not realizing how true her words were. The duchess suffered a stroke a few weeks later and died at the age of  70. My car took me back to the local airstrip. When we were airborne,  I had the pilot radio ahead to Munich. Within minutes, explosions were set off in Vienna and Salzburg, and Göbbels had planted evidence of a communist anarchist group, bent on overthrowing the Austrian government. I landed in Munich and the plane pulled up close to the terminal. The movie cameras and radio reporters were there waiting for me, on cue. 
“Ladies and gentlemen of the Third Reich. I have been informed of attacks on the Austrian people by communist forces bent on overthrowing the Austrian government.  We cannot tolerate this on our borders, so I have ordered the Wehrmacht to enter Austria to assist their armed forces deal with this very sensitive issue.”
Except for a few bombing casualties, it was a rather bloodless coup. The Austrian government acceded to our involvement and before long – and with Göbbels help – the people feared their government's ability to protect them, and preferred our help. The Austrian chancellor signed the Anschluss declaration, formally ceding power to me. What I was doing was right for the German people. If you are French speaking, you live in France; English speaking in Great Britain; Spanish in Spain, and so on. But the German people were spread in this country and that, some in Czechoslovakia,  some on the other side of Poland. It was my job to do this. I could make a vast, great Germany, even if it cost a little. 
I wasn’t about to let anyone get in the way of this, so I abolished all parties except the Nazi party.  I gave Himmler free rein with his SS to stop any dissidents, but sometimes he took it too far. I would tell him privately, but that only worked for a short time.  I really wanted to shoot him at times, but the thought of mucking up the timeline  stopped me. 
A few months after our triumph in Austria, I set my sights on the Sudetenland, which was a German enclave in Czechoslovakia. This time, we had already sent Nazi propagandists into the region. It was very easy. The area was rife with high unemployment,  and the thought of joining a greater Germany,  where everyone worked and could afford meat and butter appealed to these people. 
I, of course,  stoked the fire on my side of the border. At a rally on September 12th I called Czechoslovakia a fake nation, which kept the German minority down and at the steps of starvation. “The Czech prime minister, Edvard Beneš, starves our fellow Germans into submission. He does this to the Hungarians, the Slovaks and the Poles who live there. He executes Germans for protesting his unfair treatment. He threatens Germany, and would force Sudeten Germans to fight their fellow Germans.  Prime Minister Beneš is a puppet of the French, and would have air bases there to bomb Germany easier.” I don’t know how much of this was true, but I never let the truth get in the way of my speeches before. “As a German, I support the right of self determination of all Germans, no matter where they live.” Standards cheers from the audience, raised arm, “Heil, Lojke,” and so on.
The British prime minister Chamberlain called me the next day. Hess put through the call as I sat with Göring and Wehrmacht chief of staff Walther von Brauchitsch. “Good afternoon,  prime minister,” I said, “to what do I owe this pleasure?”
I think Chamberlain was taken aback by my English literacy. He paused for a moment. “Good afternoon, Herr Lojke. I would like to meet with you so we can diplomatically diffuse the situation in Czechoslovakia.”
“I would be honored to meet with you, prime minister. Would the 15th be too soon?”
“No, that would be excellent.”
“Fine, fine. I will have Deputy Führer Hess make the details. Good day.” I hung up before he had a chance to answer. Then I turned to Göring and von Brauchitsch. “Gentlemen, it looks like the British would like to negotiate. I think we will be able to steal the Sudetenland right from under their noses.” Göring laughed and von Brauchitsch smiled. 
“Now, to more important business. Hermann, will Emmy be acting as hostess tonight?”
“Yes, mein Führer. She is looking forward to seeing you again.”
“And I look forward to her knödel,” I said. Emmy made the best potato dumplings, or someone who worked for the Görings did, but Emmy took credit for it. Hermann was much happier now that he remarried, though he still carried an immense hatred born the Jews around with him. “Thank you, gentlemen. I will let you know what happened with Chamberlain.” The two left their chairs and headed for the door. “General von Brauchitsch,  a word please.”
The general looked a little nervous when he turned around. Göring left, smiling. He must have always laughed when another child was in trouble in school. “Please sit down, general. Now, as you know, I despise the concept of divorce. I have always felt a marriage is, as the English say, ‘til death do us part.’” Von Brauchitsch looked visibly uncomfortable.  “But, I know you are unhappy with your wife and she with you. I need a general to lead who is not distracted by…how do you say…the woman parts? I encourage you to divorce your wife and marry your mistress. I need you to be focused now, not dithering on who you should sleep with. Am I clear?”
General von Brauchitsch looked relieved. “Yes, mein Führer. Thank you, mein Führer.”
“Now, you will need a good lawyer. I  know of one in Munich – Gebrüder Gumboldt.” I started writing out a check. “Now take this check for 80,000 Reichsmarks to Gumboldt and they will take care of you.” I handed the check to von Brauchitsch. He actually looked liked he was tearing up.
“Thank you, mein Führer.” He saluted me as a soldier would, which I respected more than the idiots giving me the extended-arm Lojke salute. I always hated that, but Potenza told me there had to be some continuity in the timeline.
After I sent von Brauchitsch on his way, I asked Hess to arrange with the British the meeting between Chamberlain and I. Two days later, I received him at my home in Berchtesgaden, near Munich. He flew into Munich with much fanfare, then drove the 180 km to Berchtesgaden, which took about three hours. By the time he arrived, he was tired and easily manipulated.
“Prime Minister Chamberlain, thank you for coming on such short notice. Can I get you a tea?”
Chamberlain’s face lit up. “Yes, a tea would be lovely.” The British prime minister reminded me of Hjalmar Schacht – a lot of starch in his collar and not very flexible. His tea arrived, and we sat down and chatted. “I must say, Herr Lojke, your English is impeccable.”
“And I am sure, prime minister, you were not expecting it to be that way.”
“No, I must admit you caught me off guard.”
Never admit to weakness, Mr. Chamberlain. “Always know your adversary,” I said. 
“Am I your adversary, Herr Lojke?”
“An adversary isn’t necessarily an enemy, prime minister. It can also be someone who holds a differing point of view.”
“Yes, I suppose you are right. Now let’s speak about this Czechoslovakia position. We can’t let this deteriorate any further.”
“Oh, I agree prime minister. The Sudeten Germans must be allowed to exercise the right of national self-determination. Do you agree?”
“Well I think all sovereign nations have a right to self determination,” Chamberlain said.
“But is Czechoslovakia truly a sovereign nation? It is just an agglomeration on many different nations. You and the French decided to put together the Czechs,  the Slovaks,  the Hungarians, the Poles and the Germans.”
“It was the best decision.”
“Was it? Your people squeezed four different nations together as one.  And now, you threaten us.”
“I have not issued any threats to the German people ,” Chamberlain said.
“Haven’t you?” He hadn’t, but I had to goad him.
“Why did I come over here to waste my time?” he asked, obviously frustrated.
“I am sorry you feel that way. Perhaps it is better to let the people of the Sudetenland determine what is best for them. It may mean bloodshed, but who am I to suggest what the German people want.” We continued for three hours like this, back and forth, until finally Chamberlain suggested going back and talking to his cabinet.
“If you would be willing to accept the will of the Sudeten Germans,  then so would I,” I said.
Chamberlain flew back to London and three days later, the French Prime minister joined him. The situation in the Sudetenland grew worse – or better, depending on your point of view. Finally, Chamberlain and Prime Minister Daladier of France tried to negotiate a settlement with the Czechoslovak government, but failed. 
I decided to force the matter, sending in militia units to conduct terrorist activities against the Czechoslovakians.  Mussolini also pushed the matter, saying he would support the German people. On the 20th of September,  Chamberlain flew to Cologne. I went all out. When he arrived, I had a band play God Save the King and young girls give him flowers.  “Herr Lojke, I am honored by your hospitality.”
“I am honored by your presence. I assume you have good news.”
“I do. All parties accept the German annexation of the Sudetenland,” he said proudly.
“Does this mean the Allies have agreed with Prague's approval to transfer the Sudetenland to Germany?”
“Precisely,” Chamberlain said.
I shook my head. “Unfortunately, Mr. Prime Minister, that is not good enough.  Czechoslovakia will have to be dissolved and dispersed between Germany, Hungary and Poland.”
Chamberlain didn’t know what to say and I laughed inside. For someone who is a professional negotiator and politician, he was quite bad at his job. “Mr. Prime Minister  the situation has deteriorated rapidly since last we met. Germans are being killed in the street. We can’t allow that and the only way to stop it is to dissolve the country.”
“I am not authorized to speak on this, Herr Lojke.”
“Yes, yes, I understand that, but you must…” I trailed off as an aide interrupted. “What is it? What?”
“Mein Führer,” the aide said. “More Germans have been killed in the Sudeten.”
“This is unacceptable,” I yelled angrily. “I will avenge every one of them. The Czechs must be destroyed.” Chamberlain did not know how to respond and left the meeting shortly after. The aide came back in after. “Excellent work, Helmut. I believe he fell for it.”
Chamberlain retired to his hotel room and I heard nothing from him for about six hours. I started to panic a bit. Potenza said he would cave in to my demands, but I heard nothing from him. I had my aide call him. 
“Mr. Prime Minister,  I would accept your proposal if the ethnic Czechs were removed from the Sudetenland by the 26th.”
“I don’t think the Czech people would agree to that. Perhaps October 1,” Chamberlain replied.
I thought about it for a moment. “Out of respect for you conceding somewhat, I would be willing to offer you that gift.”
 “Most kind,” he said.
“I would also be willing to forego any further demands and settle the boundaries of Germany and Czechoslovakia once and for all.”
“I will speak with Prime Minister Daladier and I believe we will have an agreement.” Chamberlain hung up and I put the phone down. He may have thought I gave in, but I negotiated exactly what I wanted.
Potenza showed up in Cologne the  next morning. I was sipping my coffee when an aide came in. “A woman reporter from the Wall Street Journal would like to speak to you, mein Führer.” That was usually Potenza, so I told him to send her in. 
“Well Jonas, you are sticking to the plan I see.”
“You didn’t tell me Chamberlain would go back to his hotel room without an answer. I waited six hours with nothing from him.”
“Tell me what happened.” I did, then she said, “It’s fine, Jonas. Just sit down and write this out.” She dictated an ultimatum, which I read on the radio the next day. I demanded the land be turned over to Germany by the 28th, and the people would decide by a hastily arranged vote. Of course, German militia would watch the vote and perhaps nudge it along to our favor. If my demands were not met, we would take it by force
Amazingly, Czechoslovakia accepted my demands, so Potenza told me to add more. I asked for ethnic Germans in Poland and Hungary to also be allowed to join the Reich. The British started to panic now, and Chamberlain sent one of his men with a personal letter to me, asking for a peaceful end to this. I responded by giving a speech the night of the 26th.
“German people!  We have been patient with our requests. We have only wanted all Germans to be reunited and to be treated fairly. The French and the English do not seem interested, so I must push harder. If the Sudetenland is not part of Germany by two o’clock on this coming Wednesday, it will mean war and we will take back what is ours.”
That was enough to scare the British. Chamberlain sent his ambassador to speak with Mussolini to try to convince me to postpone hostilities. I was meeting with the French ambassador when I was told. “You see, Ambassador François-Poncet, my good friend Benito Mussolini has asked me to delay the marching orders of the German army for 24 hours and I agreed.” Once the ambassador left, I spoke with Hess. “The fools.  I conceded nothing, since my original invasion date was October 1st.”
Chamberlain called Mussolini to thank him for his intervention, then asked him to attend a meeting with Britain, France and Germany to settle this once and for all. In the biggest slap to the face, the Czechoslovakian prime minister was not even invited. The negotiations were, shall we say, simple. I told the French and English what I wanted and why, and Mussolini said very little. By the end, he looked like he just wanted it over and supported me completely. The French and British capitulated and gave me what I wanted. They went back to the Czechoslovakians and told them they could agree, or they could fight me alone. Easy choice.
Chamberlain went back like a fool to England, waving a copy of the agreement to the film cameras and telling anyone who would listen there was peace in our time. I had a very difficult time keeping a smile off my face and laughed almost the entire time from Cologne to Berlin.   

After the Sudetenland joined the Reich, I found the voice getting louder in my head once more. Clearly I was on the right path, and though the voice told me to stop, I knew Potenza was right – history must be put back as it was. The voice was causing me other issues. I was having gastrointestinal pain, and my hand started to shake. Dr. Morell started giving me injections of something which calmed my shake and the voice again. Every day, he would come to my office and administer his cocktail. I found him a vile man, who talked while he ate and smelled bad. Others around me noticed it too, but I had to stand up for the buffoon, telling them I did not keep him around for his fragrance, but to look after my health. Sadly, he didn’t do that either. I found that yes, the voice died down, but my head was becoming groggy, especially in the morning. So, he prescribed me a pill, which I found out was methamphetamine. It took away the grogginess, but my ability to think clearly started to wane. 
Potenza was still aiding me, though she found it harder to talk directly with me. Himmler was sure he recognized her when he saw her briefly and I'm sure he questioned where my “wife” who had been with me in Munich years ago had gone. Finally, I chose that ruse to follow.
We were in Frankfurt at a rally when Himmler spotted her in the crowd. He had his goons grab her and when I looked down to see where she was, she had disappeared. After the rally ended, I questioned him. “She looked very Slavic and dangerous, mein Führer. My men have taken her for interrogation.”
“She is my wife.” The color drained from his face and he looked like he would pass out. 
“I apologize, mein Führer.  I will have the men bring her here at once.” Himmler literally ran from my presence and within 15 minutes, Potenza was in front of me. She looked like she had been mistreated. I ordered them to leave us.
“Are you alright?” I asked her.
She straightened her dress. “It will take more than a couple of Nazis,” she said, though she was unconvincing. “The bigger question is how are you doing?”
“These people disgust me,” I said. “Racial purity, breathing room, Aryan supermen, it’s all ridiculous.”
“It only gets worse from here. Shortly, a Polish Jew living in Paris will assassinate a German diplomat. This will cause government-sanctioned riots and a massive emigration of Jews from Germany. If you want to save them, you will have to sacrifice a few.”
And so begins the story of young Herschel Grynszpan who, though he was born in Germany in 1921, was considered Polish because of a 1913 law. After years of discrimination and – quite frankly – hard luck, Herschel went to live with his aunt and uncle in Paris, where his hard luck continued. He walked the streets,  impoverished, and hung around in coffeehouses. After trying to get a residency permit in France – which was denied, poor Herschel’s Polish passport expired, as did his re-entry to Germany permit. 
Herschel was afraid to work, since the French authorities were attempting to deport him. His aunt and uncle couldn’t continue to support him, and he was now angry by a decree I had signed to arrest and deport all Polish Jews back to Poland. Poland didn’t want them and neither did I. He left his uncle’s apartment, bought a gun and went to the German Embassy. He meant to kill the ambassador, but by fluke passed him in the hallway. Instead, he shot the poor attaché who answered him five times. This is the story as I heard it while we celebrated the failed Beer Hall coup of 1923 – which, by the way,  I don’t understand why we celebrate a failure.
I knew it was going to happen, but I had to feign surprise, disgust and anger, all of which I think I did well. I left abruptly, then Göbbels finished up the dinner with a speech, which was disgusting to say the least. He said, “the Führer has decided that demonstrations should not be organized by the Nazi party, but if they we’re to erupt spontaneously against the Jew, they are not to be hampered.” In other words, the SS and any goon with nothing better to do should go out and burn down a synagogue.
The result was something we called Kristallnacht, which translated as the Night of the Broken Glass. This was because the shop windows of the Jewish population now lay shattered on the streets. Göring was incensed, enough so that he convinced me it was time for the Jews to pay.
“Mein Führer,  a dead Jew is worth nothing, but a live Jew can give us all that they own.” And to think, I liked this guy.
“What do you propose,  Hermann?”
“We must fine the Jewish people for this atrocity. They all must pay.”
“They all must pay because an angry boy shot a low-level diplomat?”
“Yes, mein Führer.” Göring didn’t realize how ridiculous this all sounded.
“How much should they pay, Hermann?”
I think he just made up a number of out thin air. “They should pay ten billion Reichsmarks, as an atonement tax” he finally said.
The gall! How did he expect the Jewish population to pay that, but then I realized he didn’t. He wanted to rob, pillage and steal every last pfennig from them, then hoped they would leave the country. 
“They must also pay to repair their shop windows.  I have spoken to Kurt Schmitt from Allianz and the insurance industry can neither afford, nor be expected to pay out, the money to repair these windows. Besides, the plate glass needed comes from Belgium and would eat into our foreign currency reserves. No, the Jews must pay.”
The leaps in logic Göring was using at this point were so astronomically large, I didn’t know what to say, but this was rectified by the script Potenza gave me. I had to agree with the order, though Potenza did tell me this increased Jewish emigration from Germany, so I guess this helped out, no matter how distasteful it was.
While this happened in Germany, the situation worsened for the Jews in Austria as well. I found a new conduit for money to Albert Göring through the duchess’ eldest daughter Sophie, which he now used to spirit Jews out of Austria. One story which got back to me – which amused me to no end – came from an incident in Vienna. A group of Nazi soldiers forced a group of elderly Jewish women to scrub the cobblestone street on their hands and knees. Albert saw this happen and joined the women. The Nazis were incensed and grabbed Albert, forcing him to show them his identification papers. Oh, to see that fool soldier’s face when he realized it was Reichsmarschall Göring’s brother.  The women were let go, and I’m sure found a way to leave the country, courtesy of Albert Göring’s good deed and the illicit money sent to him. His work, as well as Hans Walz’s, I hoped would save at least some lives. 
 


22

“Mein Führer,  the last piece in the pie is East Prussia. We must move to take it,” Göring said during a morning meeting in early 1939. 
“Such a provocation would bring the Soviets close to war,” said Joachim von Ribbentrop,  my foreign minister. “We don’t dare poke the Soviet bear.”
The two went back and forth for a bit until I held up my hand. “Gentlemen, gentlemen. We will make the Soviets an offer. Go to Molotov and make it happen.”
With a click of the heels, von Ribbentrop said “Yes, mein Führer.” Two weeks later, the Molotov-von Ribbentrop agreement came back to me. In it, the Russians would come in to counter attack us once we invaded Poland. After a very brief struggle, both sides would agree to partition the country. We would get a substantial piece of East Prussia back including Königsberg and the Soviets would get back the Duchy of Warsaw in return. All was set to go on August 31, 1939. Before dawn the following morning,  I sent in 1.5 million men, 2,700 tanks and 2,300 bombers and fighters. Two weeks later, they surrendered – right on schedule. Also on schedule,  the British and French declared war on us. And so started World War II. 

From this point on, the Great World War (since there was no World War I or II) progressed much as it had in the original timeline. I made some great decisions, but I also was prompted to make some bad ones too. Invading the Soviet Union was a particularly bad one, but again I was doing as I was told. 
The generals sat on their hands after Poland and I told them to come up with a plan to invade France. Colonel General Halder suggested an invasion through Belgium and the Netherlands, but his plan meant our forces would be depleted. I told him I wanted a lightning attack, which he and von Brauchitsch told me was impossible. “We will attack on November 12th, whether you are ready or not,” I said.
Von Brauchitsch said he would not be ready and tried to resign, but I wouldn’t let him. “No, we will wait a few days for better weather,” I said. True to Potenza’s orders, I dithered on like this all winter. While this as going on, I checked up on Albert Göring and Hans Walz. I made a tour of the Bosch plant in late 1939 and afterwards sat down alone with Robert Bosch and Walz.
“How is it, my friend?”
“Your generosity has helped spirit hundreds of Jews from Germany.”
“Excellent.” I looked at Bosch. “You don’t trust me, do you?”
“To be honest, why would I? You say one thing yet do another. You persecute the Jews, then you try and save them.”
“It is a difficult thing I do, Herr Bosch. There are many in Germany who want the Jews eradicated, and unfortunately many of them surround me. I would like to think I am the lesser of the evils.”
“Herr Lojke has provided us contracts which have given us ample money to purchase the freedom of many Jews, Herr Bosch.”
“The company has ample money to do this on its own. We don’t need your blood money.”
“You are a brave man to speak to me like that. It would not take much for me to make you disappear, Herr Bosch.  However that would be counter productive to our collective cause. Herr Walz,  have you made contact with anyone else?”
“I have a music teacher, Herr Doktor Adler, who is effective in finding those who need our help.”
“Good. Now, you will subject to investigation by the SS for your perceived friendliness to the Jews. Be extra careful. I will keep an eye on them and keep you as safe as I can, but as you know, Himmler is like a dog off his leash.”
Bosch continued to press. “If this is what you believe, then why do you continue to follow this route?”
“Herr Bosch,  sometimes there are considerations larger than a few people. If publicly persecuting a few Jews makes Germany better as a whole, then it is worth it, no?”
“Persecuting anyone for their beliefs is never worth it.”
“That’s why Herr Walz is helping me. What I do in public and private are two very different things. If the Jew suffers in public, but is saved in private, I have done a good thing.”
“You might think so, but God is the final arbiter in these cases,” Bosch said.
Thankfully I never was taught anything about God, so I didn’t worry about his or her opinion. I did worry about the voice though.

Meanwhile, the generals still squabbled. They would come up with plans, but I rarely saw them. Finally, just after Christmas 1939, plans were shown to me, but we had to abandon those when copies of them were being transported by an airplane which happened to crash land in enemy territory.
The next set of plans weren’t even shown to me at first, and von Brauchitsch conspired to send their author clear across the country so I wouldn’t see them. Fate – and I know Potenza doesn’t  believe in it – pushed the author of those plans near me. Just before he would leave for Silesia in the east, I met with a few generals at lunch one day and he was one of them. He was passionate about his plan and explained it well. “Yes, yes this looks good General…”
“von Manstein,  mein Führer.” I liked him, he knew what he was doing and was willing to take a risk. The only risk von Brauchitsch took was leaving his wife for his mistress. I wanted von Manstein to be my new chief of staff, but Potenza told me the other guy had to stay for a couple of more years,  which was too bad because he was boring, dry, and had the imagination of a turnip.
It was von Manstein’s plan we implemented with minor revisions, and it was because of him we rolled into France so easily. Most of the older generals were the same as von Brauchitsch. The only ones I truly respected were von Rundstedt, Rommel and von Manstein. The only one I enjoyed being around was Heinz Guderian.  Guderian was a rough and tumble guy who pushed ahead when the other generals feared it was too far. Sadly I had to hold him and the others back when we were ready to trounce the English at Dunkirk.
“What do you mean we can’t take them all prisoner?”
“You have to let them escape, Jonas. It was one of Hitler’s biggest blunders and it allowed the British to regroup.”
“There is no rhyme or reason to what I do.” 
“No, but enjoy your time in Paris. It’s a beautiful city.” She was right. After we let the British escape, we continued on through France, capturing Paris two weeks later. After the French surrendered, I landed at Le Bourget airfield just before dawn. It as an overcast morning when the sun came up. Three Mercedes sedans were waiting for us and , as I still liked the excitement of driving, sat in the front seat next to the chauffeur. He took us first to the Paris Opera House, and I admired the impressive architecture. It wasn’t as bright and shiny as the Temporal Ministry building, but it had an elegance I had never seen in the future.  
Over the next three hours, we visited the Champs Elysses, the Arc de Triomphe, the Eiffel Tower and finally Napoleon’s tomb. I wanted to stay longer, but I had pressing issues back in Berlin. It was too bad – Paris was perhaps the most beautiful city I had ever seen.
It was then I truly believed I could have won the Great World War, if not for the bad advice I constantly took from Potenza. It was also at this point I found the voice in my head yelling at me constantly, and my only recourse was the snake oils Dr. Morell prescribed to me. There were times I considered psychiatric evaluation, but Potenza told me there was no possibility of this, so I took pills in the afternoon to calm my shaking hands, then pills the next morning to keep me going.
After France came the Battle of Britain. It was now I realized how much of an empty blowhard Göring had become. Whether it was his new wife or the constant morphine addiction, I realized he was more a liability than an asset. That didn’t matter though – Potenza told me I couldn’t replace him though he was ridiculously incompetent. And if I did, it would jeopardize his brother Albert’s good deeds.
Another blowhard I found I could not stand was Mussolini. Not only was he arrogant, belligerent and fawning at the same time, but he was also terribly incompetent. I really started to wonder how some of these men waged war in the first place. The British, who were fighting at home as well as Africa, defeated the Italian navy at Taranto and the army in North Africa. I had to send in Rommel just to stem the tide against my allies. 
The day after I left Paris, the Soviets cajoled Lithuania into becoming a puppet state. The day after, they threatened Estonia and Latvia. I would be offended if I hadn’t pulled that stunt a couple of years earlier. When I arrived back in Berlin, Potenza came to visit. I was having my afternoon coffee and strüdel. She put a package in front of me. “What’s this?” I asked. 
“It’s your plan to invade the Soviet Union.” 
I choked on my strüdel. “Why would I do that? Things are going just fine, western Europe is ours,  I could end this tomorrow and everyone’s happy.”
“Stalin won’t stop at the Baltic states. It’s your job to attack first. I told you there has to be a strongman between Stalin and the rest of Europe, no matter how insane he was.”
“So I’m supposed to open another front, divide my forces and take on the Soviets? This Hitler fellow was ridiculous. I can just hear von Rundstedt now.”
“Just do it, Jonas.” 
The next day, I had Field Marshal Keitel as well as Göring come to my office. “Reichsmarschall, field marshal , thank you both for coming. As you know, the news from the Baltic states is discouraging.”
“Herr Stalin has become very aggressive,” Keitel said. If I said the sky was yellow, he would agree with me, then tell his generals the same. 
“I want you to come up with a plan for the invasion of the Soviet Union. We must protect our Lebensraum from the communists. I will also speak to the Japanese. They will be interested in keeping the Soviets at bay in the east.” From there, we negotiated with the Italians,  the Japanese and the Soviets to form a grand alliance. Stalin wasn’t interested, the other two were and in November, we formed the Axis against the Allied Powers. 
In December 1940, the generals came back to me with a plan. Potenza looked it over and said, “Nope, tell them you don’t like the plan.”
“But it looks pretty good.”
“Exactly. It can’t succeed. So, we will draft a directive and send it back to Keitel. He’ll do anything you want.”
 So, I sent back this:  The German Wehrmacht must be prepared to crush Soviet Russia in a quick campaign (Operation Barbarossa) even before the conclusion of the war against England. The Army will have to employ all available units, though the occupied territories must be secured against surprises. The Luftwaffe will overwhelm so the Army will  quickly compete its task and damage to eastern German territory by enemy air attacks will be as slight as possible. 

It was not a plan, but more of an order. The army has to crush the Soviets quickly and the air force must overwhelm the Soviets so the army can accomplish this. I shook my head before sending it off to Keitel. I could just see the looks on the faces of Rommel, Guderian and von Rundstedt.  No wonder they’ll start plotting a coup against me.
The invasion started with the code word Düsseldorf on June 21, 1941. Soviet foreign minister Molotov told his nation “The Red Army and the whole nation will wage a victorious Patriotic War for our beloved country, for honour, for liberty. Our cause is just. The enemy will be beaten. Victory will be ours!” He made me want to fight for the Soviets. 
I came back with a very long-winded speech, which blamed the British for the current state of affairs, because it waged war in France, Holland and Spain over the last few hundred years, then I claimed they started what we originally called the first World War.  I will sum it up for you, since the drivel Potenza wrote for me would put you to sleep:
“German people! National Socialists! Germany was defeated in 1918 because it wasn’t unified and the results were terrible. But our people were revived from poverty, misery, and shameful contempt. England was not affected or threatened by this. Nonetheless, it immediately renewed its hateful aggression against Germany. Both at home and abroad, we faced the plot we all know about between Jews and democrats, Bolshevists and reactionaries, all with the same goal: to prevent the establishment of a new people’s state, to plunge the Reich again into impotence and misery.
“As early as 1936, Churchill had said Germany was becoming too strong again, and it therefore had to be destroyed. In summer 1939, England renewed its attempts to destroy Germany. Their method was to begin a campaign of lies. They declared Germany threatened other people. By August 1939, England succeeded in spreading the claim that Germany was a threat to Lithuania, Estonia, Latvia, Finland, Bessarabia, and even the Ukraine. Some of these nations allowed themselves to be misled, accepting the promises of support that were offered, and thereby joined the new attempt to encircle Germany.
“Under these circumstances,  I was called by my conscience, and by the history of the German people, to assure these nations that these British accusations were untrue, and also to reassure the strongest power in the East that our interests did not conflict.”
From here, I blathered on about how evil the Bolsheviks were, how great I was and how the British were out to get us, which of course I had no proof of, but if I told a lie often enough, it would eventually become the truth. I finished it off with what had become my standard flourish:
“Now the hour has come when it is necessary to respond to the plot by Jewish-Anglo-Saxon warmongers and the Jewish rulers of Moscow’s Bolshevist headquarters. 
“German people! At this moment, an attack unprecedented in the history of the world has begun. The purpose of this is no longer the protection of the individual nations, but rather the safety of Europe, and therefore the salvation of everyone. I have therefore decided today once again to put the fate of Germany and the future of the German Reich and our people in the hands of our soldiers. May God help us in this battle.”
God, or perhaps the effectiveness of the German armed forces, definitely helped during the first few weeks of the battle. Within the first week,  the German army had taken over 300,000 Soviets soldiers prisoner. I mentioned this to Potenza.  “That’s great, but the Russians will field another 200 divisions of fresh soldiers. That’s 14 million more men, and you have barely three. Good luck.”
“Why would Hitler open another front in the war?”
“Ego, arrogance, fear, psychosis, all of the above. It doesn’t matter, so long as it fails. Just make sure it does. We can’t have the Nazis win this war, now can we?”
As instructed, when the generals would come back with plans, I would argue, disagree, and fly into a rage. One such tirade happened on August 11. I met with the high ranking generals, who were pressuring me to attack Moscow. While this was the best course of action, I had to totally disagree. Stamping my fist on the table, I told the men to divide the tanks and send some south into the Ukraine and some north to Leningrad. After Leningrad didn’t go so well, I had the remaining troops try to get to Moscow, but now winter was approaching.
There was an old saying Potenza told me, that Russia’s greatest commander was General Winter. Napoleon found that out 100 years before, and now the Germans did as well. A little bit of bad planning on my part sent the men into combat without winter uniforms being available, so many died of exposure.  
The failure of the army to capture Moscow and getting  bogged down during a blizzard made me decide to get rid of von Brauchitsch and take command of the army myself. Okay, Potenza told me to do it, but the guy just had a heart attack, so I didn’t feel good about it. Now I just randomly had armies go where I liked, the only big move Potenza dictated was the attack on Stalingrad,  which would seal the fate of the German army.


23

Once I took control of the armies, the voice calmed down substantially, as did the shakes I was getting. Himmler and Göring did not help matters. I found out in August 1941 Himmler had issued instructions to the SS to shoot any Jewish man, woman or child behind the front lines in the Soviet Union, claiming they were considered enemies. I wanted to wring the little bastard’s neck, but Potenza told me I couldn’t. “Why? Who could replace him who would be worse?”
“It’s not that someone could be worse. Those people have to die in this timeline. Remember how one woman meeting one man in the 1990s ended up causing World War III? What if one of these people stop the meeting of the future parents of the Secretary General of the United Nations,  or American President or creator of a vaccine for Ebola?”
  “There you go with the ‘what ifs’ again. What if we just solve the problems in the here and now? These are living, breathing people and what if we stop the meeting of the future parents of the man who brings peace to the world or great scientist who stops hunger or poverty in the world?”
“As I said many times Jonas, we know how history plays out under this set of circumstances. Anything else is conjecture. Himmler, Göring, Göbbels – they’re all genocidal maniacs. There’s nothing you can do about that. Just stick to the plan and history will right itself again.”   
On the 20th of January 1942 – and I didn’t find out until I overheard a conversation between Himmler and his lackey Reinhard Heydrich – a full-scale plan to eliminate every Jewish person had been hatched. Heydrich told Himmler as we were having coffee that the “Final Solution to the Jewish Question” had been settled. I asked Potenza what he meant and started to feel nauseous when she answered.
“You must institute the Final Solution,” she said
“And kill millions of innocent people? It’s hideous.”
“You must.”
“And what if I don’t? What will you do? You can’t do anything. I am the Führer.  One word from me and you disappear.”
“Don’t threaten me, Jonas.  But if you want the voices in your head to stop, and the hand shaking, and the gastrointestinal pain,  I would suggest you continue.”
“I can stop all of that with one bullet.”
“Really Jonas? You wouldn’t commit suicide. You like the power you have now. Besides, look what happened when Hitler died when he did. The war ends. If you die prematurely, Himmler or Göring would become leader and they are more competent at killing Jews than you are. They are also more competent leaders, and for every month this war continues, 100,000 more people die. Let’s just leave history as it is.”
I did make one small change, which made me feel quite good at the time. Shortly after this meeting with Potenza,  I cooked up a plan in my head. I met with General Guderian in February 1942. He had been placed in the reserve pool of generals after disobeying a direct order from me to not withdraw his troops. Guderian was understandably sour towards me. The meeting took place at a coffee shop outside of Berlin I had cleared out just as I arrived. I didn’t trust that little weasel Himmler to not put listening devices in there.
Guderian arrived first and rose to greet me with the Nazi salute. I chose to salute him with a proper army salute. This put him on edge. “Herr General, we must talk about the current actions in the Soviet Union and Poland.”
Guderian, of course, thought I meant his withdrawal. “With all due respect, mein Führer, the attack on Moscow was untenable.”
I waved him down. “No, no, Heinz. You made the correct decision. Field Marshall von Kluge was following orders, but the orders will lead to the decimation of the Wehrmacht.”
“Are you not giving these orders, mein Führer?”
“It is a difficult thing to explain, Herr General. But this is not why I’ve asked you here. I need you to conduct a mission of the utmost secrecy and importance.”
Guderian was understandably apprehensive. “I am a frontline general, mein Führer.  I am not a man of secrecy.”
“You are a tactician of unmatched ability. This is something which requires the utmost planning and skill.”
“What do you propose?”
“I need you to plan the assassination of Gruppenführer Heydrich.”
Guderian leaned back in his chair and let out a deep breath. “You want me to murder one of the highest ranking men in  the SS?” I nodded. “Why would I do this? And who will stop Reichsführer Himmler from killing me?”
“You would do this for the future good of the Fatherland. Heydrich has become a liability to the good of the Reich. Himmler doesn’t see it, and I can’t remove him without raising too much suspicion.”
“And the Reichsführer?”
“You will have to plan this well, Heinz. There can be no trace of this coming back to either you or I. As you know, Heydrich is Protector of Bohemia and Moravia, and as Inspector General of Armored Troops, your role can take you to the area near Prague. Your honor as a soldier also precedes you. Make contact with dissidents who can make this happen. I’m sure there are many Nazis in Prague who are unhappy with Heydrich and would be willing to help. I have also made contact with English operatives who are very happy to help.”
By this I meant through the late duchess’ daughter, Princess Sophie. Sophie’s brothers had become ardently anti-Nazi, for which they ended up in the Dachau concentration camp. Sophie and her husband were much more circumspect. They realized if they said anything, suspicion may be cast on Albert Göring and his work spiriting the Jewish out of Austria.
Sophie very surreptitiously kept in contact with a distant cousin in England, a minor royal, but one who was in contact with military intelligence. From there, she had one minor meeting with Guderian, who I made a great spectacle of sending to her, berating him on his past performance and saying he was now only worthy as a courier. Guderian then came back to see me.
“Mein Führer,” he said, handing me a note, “as a general who has given the Reich victory after victory, I demand the right to command an army again.”
I read the note. It said “British intelligence already planning the assassination. Czech operatives have been parachuted in and will act shortly.”
I burned the note. “General, you have defied orders, yet you are of immense importance to the Reich.  I will reinstate you at once. You are dismissed.”
On May 27, 1942, Heydrich was assassinated on his way to see me, though I did not request it. I found put through Guderian the Czech resistance had forged papers requesting Heydrich come to Berlin. It made me happy to be rid of him. I knew Stalin was cold and calculating, but Heydrich was probably the most inhuman person I had met. 
Potenza visited the day after. “I see Heydrich is dead.”
“Yes, very happy to see him go.”
“Now you must make retaliatory executions – the former Czech prime minister,  some Jews, dissidents. You have to make an example of them.”
That was enough for me. “No, I’m done.”
“What do you mean ‘I’m done?’”
“I mean I’m not continuing with this charade anymore.”
“You don’t have a choice anymore. You put this cycle of events in motion, so you’re going to have to see them through. The assassination of Heydrich happened just as it should, now you have to make reprisals. And may I remind you that if anyone stays alive in this timeline who shouldn’t it would have grave repercussions to our present.”
“Considering I’m the one with a voice calling my name and telling me to stop what I was doing, I think the repercussions have already begun. No, I won’t order anything. I’ll just say some nice things about Heydrich which aren’t true, and move on.”
“Jonas, you must follow through on this.”
“No, I don’t think I will. This madness must end.”
“Okay, you try and make peace with Churchill and Stalin and Roosevelt and see how that goes. They won’t, and you know why? They want you totally annihilated for what you’ve done. They will grind up Germany and spit it out again, and then even more people will suffer.”
“Won’t that happen anyway?”
“The difference is Stalin will be much more powerful in three years, his army will have moved through Germany and then the Americans will realize what they have on their hands. Instead of jailing and executing good officers and competent businessmen, they will put them back into their old positions.  Why? Because the Americans will need a buffer state between the Soviets and them and Germany will be it. End the war now, and all sides will go into a frenzy of prison, execution and contempt for the common German.”
I wasn’t sure if I should trust her anymore, but I felt like now I didn’t have a choice. I still wouldn’t make reprisals against Heydrich’s assassins though – that one made me feel pretty good. 








24

And so the war ravaged on. I made all of the terrible decisions Hitler had made. I invaded the Soviet Union, I allowed Himmler to continue his disgusting extermination, Göring to accumulate vast wealth through thievery and everyone else to act like a Nazi. And throughout all this, the voice continued in my head. My head just throbbed constantly and my hands were always shaking. Dr. Morell said it was stress and prescribed some more of his snake oils to me. The drugs were making me slur my speech, so I avoided appearing in public from 1944 on.
Day and night, the voice would call out to me, usually the same message: Jonas, stop doing it. Stop this insanity. The world would be better without this. But still, I had Potenza telling me to continue, the world would be better after suffering through this war.
The Nazi position became worse as the war progressed. Intelligence reports had shown an impending invasion by the allies across the English Channel and the most likely place was Calais. I had Rommel fortify positions there,  though I started to assume the invasion would not take place there,  as Potenza didn’t order me to sabotage the plans in any way.
On June 5, 1944, I sat down with my morning coffee, eggs and spatzle. After this, I took a walk in the woods with Blondi, my German shepherd. By this point, I had moved to the Wolf’s Lair in East Prussia. My morning briefing was placed in front of me and I read it as always. After, Dr. Morell came on his weekly visit. “How are you today, mein Führer?” he would always ask.
And I would always answer, “the same.” Now I was constantly fighting headaches and nervous tremors. By this point he was injecting me with some concoction,  but it did nothing to alleviate the symptoms. Morell claimed it would only keep them at bay, there was nothing he could otherwise do.
Usually after this I would have some sort of meeting with Keitel or General Jodl, but today would be a quiet day, which was good because I was feeling a bit under the weather. I decided to leave the office just after lunch and headed for my apartment. “Do not disturb me under any circumstances,” I said. I laid down and slept fitfully. My cook had prepared a meal, which I hungrily ate at seven in the evening. After that I felt worse, and went back to bed.
I awoke the next evening, just after six on June 6. I chose to stay in, as whatever was affecting me was still holding on to me. Meals had been prepared, and I picked through them, though I was disappointed the coffee was now cold. I went back to bed, feeling worn out. The next morning I woke up and felt back to normal. I still had a headache and tremors, but overall felt better than I did over the last couple of days.
I arrived back at my office and settled in for my standard coffee, eggs and spatzle,  and started thumbing through the morning briefing. It would seem the Allies had launched their invasion at Normandy, fooling all of our intelligence services. It also seemed like Potenza had taken me out of service for the day. “Yes, of course I did, Jonas. If the High Command had contacted you, you may have sent the reinforcements they so desperately needed. Sadly, you were under the weather and left instructions not to be disturbed.”
“Did you poison me?”
“No, of course not. You poisoned yourself. I merely put a little dab of something in your coffee to take you out of action. I’m so glad we kept up the husband-wife charade all these years.”
“And this is the way history must go?”
“Jonas,  why do you ask the same stupid question? The allies must land at Normandy,  Rommel had to go visit his wife on her birthday, you are napping. From here, the war goes much worse for the Nazis, Eisenhower will become a war hero, then President of the United States, and so on.” 
If she’s a liar, she is the most effective liar I had ever met, myself included. So, I continued to believe her, because the stories she presented were so believable. 
Which brings me to her next visit. On July 20, 1944 she visited me in the Wolf’s Lair. It was an extremely hot day, which made me irritable. It was just before our daily military briefing, which I decided to have above ground today instead of the bunker, which I found strikingly hot.  I was reading some letters from the Lojke Youth. “Any great words of encouragement?” she asked.
I put down the one I was reading. “It’s very disappointing. Young children are spouting off anti-Semitic garbage. In 40 years, they will be the leaders of this country, and yet they are no better than their parents.”
“They will be, Jonas. It will take some time.”
“Well, what brings you here today? Am I going to shoot some widows and orphans? Strangle some kittens?”
“Don’t be so melodramatic.  What do you have planned today?”
“I’m just going to my daily military conference to see how bad our troops are doing, then I’ll have some bratwurst and sauerkraut for lunch. Did you want to put a little cyanide in there?  Possibly some strychnine?”
“Jonas, I just wanted to see how you are making out. This type of acting job can take a lot out of a person.”
“Oh, and the voices and the tremors and the stomach pains don’t? I love how you just waltz in here, deliver some little thing for me to do, then leave to your perfect little life.”
“My life is far from perfect.”
“Is it? See, I don’t think you have Dr. Moron pumping you full of sewage water or whatever it is, or pills that do absolutely nothing for me,” I yelled, slamming my fist on the desk. “I don’t think you’ve sent millions of men, women and children to their deaths, all in the name of history. When all of this is over and I’ve lived almost half of my life in this flatulent, bloated corpse of a body, I am so happy history will note how much of a monster Leopold Lojke was. The only good thing out of this is Adolf Hitler died a petulant starving artist and didn’t kill a soul.”
“Jonas…”
“Never mind. I am really tired of listening to your voice.” I left her in my office and headed to the conference room. The heat was positively oppressive. As I entered, everyone in the room stood at attention and loudly said “Heil Lojke” as they always did. “Gentlemen, it is very hot today, so let’s make this short. Major General Heusinger, report on the Romanian front.”
Heusinger was a competent general and usually gave excellent briefings. I don’t know if it was the heat or my lack of sleep the night before, but I just wasn’t listening to him. He continued on for about five minutes and then the door opened. I looked over and the young chief of staff for General Fromm – I think – entered. He looked nervous, but if I remembered correctly he was giving the briefing on the status of the reserve army. I turned and shook his hand, then continued to listen to Heusinger. Or, I continued to let him talk. Finally, after five more minutes, Heusinger was almost done and almost time for the report on the reserve troops.
I asked where Fromm’s chief of staff is. One of the aides said he had to take an urgent phone call. “Go get him,” I said. “I want to finish this briefing quickly.” I then looked back at General Heusinger.  “Please general, continue.”
“As I was saying, mein Führer, if we don’t withdraw our troops from Lake Peipus now, we will encounter a catastrophe…”

The next thing I remember was laying on the ground, debris covering my back. I pushed up and removed the pieces of wood laying on top of me, then staggered to my feet. I was grabbed from behind and my right arm was put over the shoulder of Field Marshall Keitel. Immediately, my aide Lingen entered what was left of the conference room and supported me as I walked out of the hut, passed Generals Scherf and Heusinger, who were sitting on the grass nursing their wounds. Lingen and Keitel took me back to my bunker. Dr. Morell was there almost instantly, out of breath and smelling bad as always. I looked down at my jacket and pants, which were both shredded and smoldering.
“What happened?” I asked as Morell checked my pulse.
“An explosion, mein Führer,” said Keitel.
“A bomb?” I couldn’t hear his response, but it didn’t matter. I’m sure it was a bomb. My ears both hurt intensely and were ringing. Morell was looking at my leg, then grabbed his potion bag. He sent a man out to get something, then looked at my right arm, which was badly swollen. The man came back with a bottle of schnapps, which I thought the timing of was terribly inappropriate.  Morell poured the schnapps on my leg, which made me cry out in pain. He then proceeded to take splinters from the oak table out of my leg. I lost count at 97.
But now I started to wonder. Did Potenza plant the bomb? Was this when Hitler should die? If so, I had just survived and had now changed the course of history. “Fate has smiled on me,” I said to Morell. “Somebody has tried to kill me and Providence has shown I am indestructible!” Morell continued taking splinters out of my legs and dousing it with the schnapps. I had Keitel come closer to me as he was treated for his  minor injuries.
“Field Marshall Keitel ,  I was becoming very pessimistic about our future, but the events of the last few minutes prove me wrong. Fate has now shown me the way, and we must prosecute this war to its logical end. And we will be victorious!”
I was elated, to say the least. Potenza had attempted to assassinate me, to end this scenario, but she had failed. Now it was up to me to deliver the German people from this war as winners, not in defeat. One of my secretaries came into the room where Morell was finishing treatment on me. “Mein Führer, should we delay Il Duce’s visit?”
Ah yes, the scheduled visit from Mussolini. It was a good thing I never mentioned it to Potenza,  as she might have tried to kill him as well. “No, I must still meet with him. We can have no indication there has been a problem. We must also have Göbbels broadcast at once that there has been an attempt on my life, but the glory of Fate has delivered me from this evil.”
Otto Günsche, my Himmler-appointed bodyguard, was taking my shredded pants and jacket. “Do not dispose of those, Otto. I want you to send those to my wife, as a memento of my invincibility.”
Morell finally finished, and I gingerly put a new pair of pants on. The rough cotton scratched against my fresh wounds. “Mein Führer,” he said, “you should wait before getting dressed.”
I waved him off. “Nonsense. I must prepare for Mussolini and get a progress report on this attack.” I got up from the bed he treated me on and limped to the door. I looked to the hut where the conference was held, and saw Günsche holding my pants up so they could be photographed. I walked towards him. “Make sure Göbbels receives a copy of the picture. The German people must see how close I was to death and how I so miraculously survived.” I went back inside and sat down in one of my more comfortable chairs while my secretary poured me some coffee. 
Keitel came in a few minutes later as I sipped my coffee. “Mein Führer,  we have completed a sweep of the compound. I can report there are no other bombs. It is a miracle you survived. One man died, eleven men are critically injured and one man is missing.”
“Missing?”
“Colonel von Stauffenberg is unaccounted for,” replied Keitel.
“Could he still be in the situation room?”
“No, mein Führer. Everyone has been removed.”
“Find him. There is something to this disappearance.” Keitel clicked his heels and left and I sat there to ponder. Was Potenza working with others? Did someone else travel back in time to stop me? Or, was this unrelated and something that would happen anyway? 
At 3:00, my valet helped me get into my uniform. Sitting had made my legs stiff and my right arm was in extreme pain. Morell had given me some morphine to help get me through. My Mercedes pulled up to the front of the bunker and we started the short drive to the railway station. I stood at the rail platform and the train soon pulled in. I saluted and smiled at the men who stood in the train. Finally it stopped and Mussolini disembarked. I offered him my left hand and happily greeted him.
“Leopold, my friend,” said Mussolini through his translator, “What happened to your face? It looks like a cat has scratched you.”
“Duce,  I have had the greatest stroke of luck and it seems fate is shining down on me.” Mussolini looked confused. “A bomb has gone off in my Wolf’s Lair and even though it was right next to me, Fate has shown I am indestructible.”
“You were injured?”
“Minor cuts and splinters. I will show you when we get back.” Mussolini and I chatted about it as we drove back. When we arrived at the hut, he looked at the blackened open windows. “Come, come, Duce. This must be seen to be believed.” I led him inside and down the hall to the remains of the situation room. Mussolini’s jaw dropped as he saw the extent of the damage.
“You were in here when the bomb went off?” he asked.
“Yes, yes. Here, I was standing there and we believe the bomb was planted there.” I pointed to the center of the table where I was, then to the right side of the room. Mussolini looked around, then at the distance between me and the bomb.
“There was not even a metre between you and the explosive,” he said, shaking his head.
“Exactly! You can’t tell me Fate does not want me to continue this fight to victory.”
“Definitely not,” said Mussolini.  “If that wasn’t a sign of Providence, then I could not find a better one.” We discussed strategy for another two hours or so, then I bid farewell to Mussolini and went back to my private quarters. At 5:30, I held a meeting there with Jodl, Keitel, Heusinger and other members of the high command.
“Where is General Korten?” I asked. Korten was the Luftwaffe chief of staff.
“Critically injured, mein Führer.  He is not expected to survive. Generals Schmundt, Scherf, Bodenschatz and Colonel Brandt were also seriously injured.”
“What about Colonel von Stauffenberg?  Has he been located yet?”
Jodl handed me a telegram. It read: The Führer Leopold Lojke is dead. In this situation the Wehrmacht will take over the Reich…  I skimmed down to the bottom – the telegram was signed  Graf Stauffenberg.
I pondered the telegram for a moment. Was Potenza this widespread? Could she have control of the armed forces? I decided to take action against her. I left my chair, still clutching the telegram. “Traitors…Have them all exterminated. Put their wives and children in the camps. Show them no mercy.” I looked Keitel in the eye. “The army has a cancer growing in it. My setbacks in Russia – this disease the army carries has caused it. They have been undermining my victory all along.” Keitel didn’t know what to say, so I helped him. “I shall contact Minister Göbbels and have him put an end to this. You, field marshal, will find the conspirators.”
“Mein Führer,” my aide Lingen said, “Minister Göbbels is on the telephone now.”
“You see, field marshal, the minister is already putting things in motion.” I took the telephone from Lingen. “Minister Göbbels, you have heard? You already have a plan?”
“Mein Führer, Major Remer of the Berlin police is here to arrest me. Would you please speak with him?” I believe I could actually hear Göbbels sneering.
“Hallo?” 
“Major Remer, you will not arrest or otherwise harm Minister Göbbels.  You will go back and take control of the army headquarters. I say this as your supreme commander. Do you understand?”
“Yes, mein Führer.  Heil Lojke!”
Göbbels came back on the telephone. “Josef, you will go on the radio and tell the people of the attempt on my life and how I miraculously survived. I will address the nation tomorrow.”
I slept poorly as always that night. The voice was almost constant now and once or twice I thought I recognized it. It wasn’t the Temporal Minister’s, though it had been 30 years since I last heard it, so I couldn’t be sure. I tossed and turned and finally got up and had coffee. I called my secretary and had her compose my address.  
At ten o’clock that morning, I spoke to the German people. “Fellow Germans! Yesterday, traitors within our own army made an attempt on my life. Do not worry, I have survived and am well. I can’t say the same for those who conspired against me. We will purge the nation of those who don’t share our great beliefs and we will not fail.”
And I purged. Anyone who I thought was even vaguely responsible for this attempted takeover of the Reich was quickly rounded up. I had a court established to prosecute those who acted against me, but everyone was declared guilty. The executions were slow and painful – usually piano wire from a meat hook. I lost many commanders over the next few months, including Field Marshal von Witzleben, 19 generals and Admiral Canaris. Field Marshall von Kluge committed suicide before the coward could be caught and Rommel…my greatest commander. Erwin Rommel kept us in the war in Africa, and would have repelled the Allies in Normandy if not for his wife’s birthday. For his great service to the Reich, I gave him the option: he could come back to Berlin and be declared guilty, executed and his family interred in a concentration camp. Or, he could commit suicide quietly and his family would receive a full military pension and he would have a full military funeral. He chose the latter and I was relieved I did not have to tarnish his great image. 
I felt good after that. I quickly replaced the generals who died the day before and promoted General Guderian to Chief of Staff of the army. We met at my villa in Bavaria a few weeks later. “Thank you for coming, general. I’m hoping I can still trust you.”
“Of course, mein Führer.”
“I have not forgotten your service to me in Prague. You are a true soldier, not worrying yourself with the intricacies of politics or diplomacy. That is why I need you to plan out our greatest counteroffensive. We must strike back at the Allied Powers who landed in France.”
“What do you propose?” I outlined a plan to strike deep into the territory the Allies now occupied. “This would require an enormous amount of manpower, tanks, aircraft. Where do you propose this comes from?”
“We will pull from the Russian front. The Soviet supply lines are depleting, which will give us a break. The Americans,” I said, “the Americans are arrogant. Between them and Montgomery,  they will continue going to the point their supplies run out. They will have pushed so far in that it will be like cutting a flower from its stem.”
Guderian returned with a plan and on September 16, 1944 I showed the grand idea to my generals. “We will punch through the United States First Army lines between Wasserbillig and Monschau. Field Marshal Model,  you will lead this offensive. I believe by the fourth day, you will be in Antwerp.”
They were astonished by the audacity of the plan, but with Guderian’s tactical experience, there was no argument. Our men prepared under cover of darkness, moving like phantoms to the proposed area. On December 16, our initial assault through the Ardennes began, as it did in 1940 when we took the French by surprise. By the 24th of December,  we were within six kilometres of the Meuse River, though our heavy Tiger II tanks used so much gasoline, they were running out of supply by that point. The bastard Patton launched a counter offensive on the 3rd of January, and by the 15th we were in retreat once more, depleting men, arms and supplies. I was now sure the war was lost, but had to put on a brave face for the German people.

25

Today is April 13, 1945. I entered my bunker for what was probably the last time on January 16 and have not seen the sun since. It reminded me of my time in the future, cooped up in my dormitory room well below the Earth’s surface. For 30 years I have tried to change history and have realized now what a fool I had been. I had changed very little, and even less I had made better. The only good things I had done were to save a few Jews thanks to Albert Göring and Hans Walz. Otherwise, I had still managed to be the instrument of tens of millions of deaths.
 Yesterday, the American President Roosevelt died, though at this point, it makes no difference. The Allies have captured Hamburg, the Soviets, Vienna.  The Soviets are shelling close to Berlin now.  I decided now I would do certain things I have wanted to do from the start. The first thing was to go on the radio and address what was left of Germany. “My fellow citizens. You have done a miraculous job waging war against the oppressors and the communists. What we have accomplished has been great, but we have done many evil things too. The genocide of the Jews will forever mark us as not a superior race, but a country of men and women who easily picked a scapegoat for our problems, when we ourselves were to blame.
“The men I surrounded myself are to blame for this, as am I. Because of this, I hereby order the arrest of Reichsmarschall Göring and Reichsführer Himmler, both on charges of treason and crimes against the human race. I authorize both men to be shot on sight. I hereby appoint Grand Admiral Dönitz as my successor. As for the armed forces, please cooperate with the Allies and surrender at once. The war is lost. Long live the German people.”
I stood up and went back to my room. I was alone except for Blondi. After a few minutes, there was a knock at the door.  “Go away,” I said.
“Open the door, Jonas.” 
“I would’ve thought you would be long gone by now,” I said, opening the door.
“Just tying up loose ends,” Potenza responded.
“There’s nothing else I can do now. The war is lost and now the criminals must be caught.”
“That’s not your job. They both would commit suicide while in custody. Göbbels is a coward who with his wife kill their six children, then commit suicide.”
“I just saw those children at breakfast.”
“Well, you won’t see them anymore.”
“You are a terrible person,” I said. “You, as much as I, killed fifty million people.”
“They were already dead, Jonas. All of these people – Roosevelt, Stalin, Guderian – They all turned to dust long before you were born.”
I sat back down in my chair. “I could have changed so much, made the world a better place…”
“You did. Just not for these people. Remember, Germany will rise from the ashes again, becoming the great center of Europe. If the war wasn’t fought today, it would have been ten years from now, and the results would have been much worse.”
“So you say.” Then I asked something I had meant to ask many times over the years. “How could you remember so many details of this time period? I mean, I only remembered bits and pieces of the Crimean War,  but you knew almost every date.”
“I’ve been in contact with my people the entire time, Jonas.” I was stunned. “Jonas,  you have been working for us all along. The chancellor and temporal minister made a grave mistake sending you back, but we have been using you to correct the error. Everything you have done has been according to history.”
“But what about your attempt to kill me last year? Surely that didn’t work out in your favor.”
Potenza laughed.  “Colonel von Stauffenberg planted the bomb as expected, you survived, as expected, and you launched the Ardennes offensive, as expected.”
“What about the Jews I saved? You didn’t expect that.”
“You mean the ones Albert and Hans saved? You didn’t really do anything. Both of those men acted through conscience. You, like a good little Nazi, did as you were told. Now, if you will excuse me, it’s time I left the bunker. Your time is short, although you did probably move the end of the war up. The Soviets should be knocking on your door soon. I would suggest taking your revolver and saving them the trouble. They won’t be too kind to you.”
“I’ll just tell them what happened.”
“That you travelled back in time to stop both wars, but inadvertently started both wars? Stalin would definitely believe that,” she said, mockingly. 
“I’ll just show them this,” I said.
“What is that?”
“All these years, you never realized I kept a diary. Not just of this time period, but of every jump back into time I ever made. Be sad if Stalin found out his future. Or maybe I’ll head west to the Allies. It’s a big decision for me.”
She took my revolver from my desk and pointed it at me. “Like I said, Jonas, I’m here tying up loose ends.”
“Tying up loose ends,” I repeated. I took a sip of my coffee and put my pen down as she pulled the trigger.


