Children of the Stainless Steel God.

By
George Rivers Bridger.

SMASHWORDS EDITION

Copyright 2020 George Rivers Bridger.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

***

Children of the Stainless Steel God.

The pale light of the rising full moon peeped over the concrete windowsill and filtered through the tiny, barred dormitory window to illuminate the stark interior of the room within, painting the minimalistic tableau with a series of alternating bars of faint light and deep shadow.
With a start, Z awoke from her all-too-restless slumber, but it was neither the whitish-blue sheen of the moonlight nor the quiet buzzing of the psi-suppression field constantly reverberating in the back of her mind that had made her restive this night.
She lifted the thin (some would say “insubstantial”) sheet from her near-decrepit tube-steel bed and emerged fully clothed and ready, brushing an errant lock of her milk-white hair from her large cherubic eyes of deepest midnight blue and making her way in the faint moonlight across to where a thin (though relatively warm) faded blue-denim jacket was slung over the back of a much used aluminium chair which, apart from the bed, was the only other furniture in her otherwise extremely barren room.
Z quickly pulled on the jacket and turned the chair upside down; she then pulled a small wad of rags from one of the chairs hollow legs and carefully tipped the chair upright. With a quiet metallic tinkle, two tiny tubes fell onto the floor from their hiding place; Z quickly gathered them up and shoved them into the deepest pocket of her jacket, quietly hoping that she wouldn’t need to use them.
She turned to gaze out of the window; through it the moon was still visible, now high in the sky and rapidly rising. She guessed with an accuracy that was unique to those of her enhanced abilities that it was five minutes to midnight, and she found herself tensing involuntarily, for finally - after much waiting - it was almost time to begin...

***

Alpha gradually worked his way along a hallway within the Guard Block, mopping the floor slowly and precisely, not a corner, not a patch of the faded linoleum was missed in his careful progress. But it was not so much a matter of professional pride on his part than it was an issue requiring exact timing, for today - more than most days - he had a very specific schedule.
Like all of the other experimental males Alpha wore a one-piece blue denim overall (the females wore a one-piece dress) and his garb was now much faded and worn from many years of use, except for the patches which were emblazoned upon each shoulder and on his back, they were the brilliantly reflective white “T” symbols that identified him as a Trustee-Inmate, and thus allowed him a limited amount of freedom within several of the eight interconnected buildings (commonly known to its occupants as “The Complex”) so as to perform a series of randomly allotted menial tasks, which in the case of Alpha was to mop the floors and clean the toilets for the entire six levels of the “Guardian” (or more commonly just “Guard”) Block, which if the observer had been looking north and the complex had been laid out like an analogue clock face would have stood at the “twelve o’clock” position. It was here that the Guardians lived, trained, deployed and monitored the rest of the Complex for any suspicious behaviour, just like the good little pseudo-fascists that they (inadvertently or otherwise) were.
Next to the Guard Block, at the two o’clock position was the Esper Dormitory Block (“Esper” being a term referring to ESP or extra sensory perception, a description that was at best an inaccurate label for the experimental subjects of the Complex, whose powers went far beyond the limits of simple mind reading and suchlike) and below that at four o’clock was the Esper Training Block. They were the only other buildings Alpha was familiar with in any detail and the only two separated from the others by their own encircling wall (“for their own protection” they were told. though no one was so gullible to believe such an obvious lie); but from the other trustees he knew that the building at the due south, or six o’clock position was the living quarters of the Administration and Scientific staff, and the Infants Creche (where all Espers spent their first years of life, though Alpha own recollections of the place were hazy at best) lay next to that at the seven o’clock position.
At the west, or nine o’clock, position lay the Experimental (or Laboratory) Block. But amongst the Espers, the Lab Block was better known as the “Mother and Father House” for it was here that lay the large stainless steel and glass artificial wombs from which they had all been born of the questionable biological experiments euphemistically (and rather unimaginatively) referred to as “The Project” by its progenitors: the grey-faced, unfeeling intellectuals who called themselves “Bioalchemists” and who worked almost non-stop in their laboratories with an indifferent (at best) disposition towards their young subjects.
Above the Lab Block, at the eleven o’clock position lay the mysterious “Normals” Block, for although Alpha, at twenty-two years of age (and as his name implied) was the first and oldest of the Espers he was not the first person to have been born here. In fact there had been many children born long before Alpha, and they had all of them been conceived, gestated and ultimately delivered by the same artificial means as he had. But whilst Alpha had developed Esper powers as a product of Bioalchemists tinkering with his genes and was the first to be given a code-name, many others had failed to develop any sort of Esper abilities at all and for all intents and purposes were normal human beings (and thus were known by the designation “Normals” from then on, although the more common term between the Bioalchemists was usually “Failures”), and - once classified as such (usually if the children that hadn’t developed any Esper abilities by the time they were due to leave the Infants Creche) - they had been taken away from their Esper brethren to their own separate dormitory block. 
And it was there, in this secured block in the northwest corner of the Complex that they presumably remained, although what the Bioalchemists did with them then was unknown as none of the Trustee Espers had access here, and though there were many (mostly grim) rumours surrounding the block, there was no real information at hand.
At the centre of these seven buildings (not unlike a spider at the centre of its web) lay the Administration Block, from where the seldom-seen Director of the Complex and his equally shadowy staff organised the operations of the Bioalchemists and their Guardians, it was here where all of the decisions were made in relation to the Espers bio-construction and training (and, in due course, to their ultimate dispatch to the outside world and an unknown fate) and thus it was here also where responsibility ultimately lay.
Surrounding these eight buildings were a more haphazard collection of sheds and garages, beyond which to the south stood the one remaining building of any size: The Power Block, which generated electricity for the entire complex and remained otherwise disconnected from the others physically, except by a series of underground shielded power conduits. It was unsurprisingly, heavily fortified against any attack, largely due to the (justifiable) concern that an Esper or three might attack it in an attempt at liberty, for this block also generated the psi-suppression field which blanketed the Esper enclosure and dampened their powers to a manageable level.
Beyond these buildings, though, was an area of pure speculation. Because the Complex was itself encircled by yet another wall, far higher and stronger than that of the Esper enclosure’s and set with but a single gate of massive proportions that no Esper had ever been beyond - except for those that were shipped out - and apart from some faint rumours of there being a wasteland outside there was precious little information to be had, as the Bioalchemists and Guards were careful to not discuss the outside world in the vicinity of their charges, and for the most part the Admin staff never spoke near the Espers at all.
Mopping carefully, Alpha’s diligent progress brought him to a turning in the corridor; he could see a faint light diffusely permeating from the as-yet-unseen hallway beyond and could hear the faint sounds that his heightened senses identified as the quiet movements of just one singular guard, which was not uncommon. There was usually only a skeleton staff on duty throughout the entire Complex at this time of night, all of the experimental children were in their suppression field blanketed dormitory rooms and were thus from the Guards perspective no great threat. Only a few weakly powered trustees were still at large, and the guards had other methods of controlling them. Indeed, at this time of night there was perhaps only one or two guards patrolling the entire dormitory block and perhaps as few again (or none at all) patrolling each of the other blocks. For the most part they were either asleep in their rooms or in the all-night Cafeteria on the top floor of the Guard Block.
Alpha tensed at the thought of what he now had to do, absently fidgeting with the band of steel that tightly encircled his neck, officially it was just a mobile suppression field generator which ensued that none of the trustees tried to use their powers on their masters (although most of the trustees, Alpha included, did not have excessively powerful faculties in the first place, for if they had they would have been sent away as the other Esper Children had been when they matured; that’s why the trustees official designation was “Subpar Test”.) but the other unspoken functions of the collars were to act as a tracer, should any of the trustees try to escape, and as a powerful remote-activated stun-shock device, if the other methods of subjugation or capture failed or were in some way not viable. 
Alpha’s finger ran over a slightly rough patch in the steel band, a near invisible imperfection in its otherwise mirror-smooth exterior that hid where the device had been carefully opened and hopefully, deactivated. Alpha grinned grimly, for though the suppression field of the collar had definitely ceased to function, there was no way to test if the stun system had similarly failed until now, for it was an almost certainty that one of the guards would try and use it tonight.
With nervous deliberation he sped up his mopping and turned the corner swiftly, yet carefully, feeling the weight of the pencil-sized metal tubes in his overall pocket shift with the movement.
The secondary guardroom door was just ahead, pale light filtering through its tiny frosted glass window and casting surreal patterns on the opposite wall in the otherwise semi-gloom of the corridor. Alpha breathed slowly, composing himself. He carefully concealed one of the tiny tubes between his hand and the shaft of the mop, placing it out of the line of sight of the single guard that he could sense in the far corner of the room. With his free hand Alpha then typed a short code into the doors electronic lock and as it clicked open he made his way inside.
Alpha’s senses had not failed him, there was indeed only a single guard in the room, seated at the well-worn aluminium bodied and Formica surfaced control desk in the corner. His legs were crossed and up on the table but though seemingly bored he was nonetheless alert, his eyes strayed from the wide bank of security monitors before him and he glanced at Alpha with perhaps-too-much curiosity as he entered.
Alpha, in keeping with the servile attitude expected of a trustee didn’t greet the guard and kept his head bowed over his work as he continued with his pretence of mopping the floor, but he was quietly unnerved as he could feel the guards eyes on him, never once wandering or even blinking in his quiet inspection of Alpha’s progress.
After several minutes of this scrutiny, the guard shifted his position, bringing his feet down from the table and leaning forward on the desk; and Alpha couldn’t help but notice that the guard’s feigned-nonchalant pose brought him within striking distance of the control that could with a single quick movement activate his (and every other Trustees) collar stun mechanism, an almost-certainly intentional detail on the guards part, Alpha surmised.
“You’re Alpha, aren’t you?” The guard said, more as a statement of fact than as a question.
Alpha kept his head down. “Yes sir.” He replied.
“Look at me when you’re talking.” the guard snapped.
Alpha raised his head and the guard nodded to himself in seeming satisfaction. He was an overweight, forty-something old fascist that Alpha had seen before but whose name he did not know. He was - like all the guards - dressed in a black uniform with white highlights, but in the case of this guard the uniform was so ill fitting it totally failed to conceal the Psychon armour that he and all of the Complex’s staff secretly wore as their last line of defence against their powerful - and often unwilling - charges. Psychon armour was another of the Complex’s products and had been developed in tandem with the Esper Children. It had a dual purpose, on a regular human it could block any psychic attack (and in some cases reflect it back at the aggressor), but on an Esper with the correct training it could also be used to absorb the attack, consuming this stored psi-energy to amplify the wearers own powers for a limited period of time. 
The style of armour the guard was wearing was the only variation the Espers were familiar with, a standardised skin-tight kevlar bodysuit with embedded circuitry and power supply, simple to use and maintain. And although the head and hands were exposed, they too were encased and protected by the invisible force field the suit generated. There were also rumours of a military version of the armour, one that in addition to its psi-shielding properties was also armoured against conventional kinetic, focussed light and plasmatic weaponry, making the bearer virtually impregnable. Alpha didn’t know how true the rumours were, and quite frankly didn’t want to find out.
“Y’know Alpha, you’ve been a trustee for some time now,” The guard declared, watching Alpha’s reactions carefully. “And I can’t think of a moment when your fellow Espers haven’t ostracised you and the other trustees because of your collaboration, not for even a minute.”
Alpha bowed his head in assent. “Yes Sir.” He replied in neutral tones, whilst being careful to keep the tube in his hand hidden behind the mop handle.
The guard frowned. “I hadn’t finished, Blank,” he murmured dangerously, using the guards slang word for a Subpar Esper. “For what I meant to say: was that they hadn’t until this very week, which coincidentally just happens to be the same week that a group of transports arrived at the base to collect all of the current batch of “Shop Ready” Espers.” and the guard grinned, shark-like and threatening. “Now why do you think that is, Blank?” enquired the guard with vicious glee.
For a desperate moment Alpha believed that their plan had been exposed and he had walked into a trap; for it was true that whilst this plan had been known to the other Trustees for over a year, the other Espers (who considered the Trustee Espers to be collaborators, and had treated them as such) had only been informed of the plan this very week, and thus their behaviour towards him and the other Trustees had none-too-subtly changed as a result. He forced himself to remain calm and expanded his senses to the limit of his abilities. Reassuringly he could detect nothing in the surrounding area. Alpha could only presume that it must just have been this one single guard being all too bloody clever for his own good, and he carefully primed the mechanism of the hidden tube.
“Well sir…” Alpha began and without finishing his sentence lowered his broom, aimed the tube (which was a tiny, disposable Tranquiliser Gun) and fired its single dart at the Guard all in a one rapid, fluid movement. But even as the dart penetrated the guard’s clothing and delivered it’s instantaneously disabling dose of narcotics into his bloodstream his chubby finger had already stabbed out, activating the stun device.
Alpha winced as the steel collar sparked and fizzed momentarily and breathed a sigh of extreme relief as it just as quickly fell inert. He looked with satisfaction at the guard who, after his one last reflex action with the stun button had now slumped across the control table, well and truly out like a light.
Not wishing to push his luck Alpha reached over the desk and removed a tiny, yet complex looking tool from the guards belt clip, he then quickly (but carefully) used it to remove the collar from his neck; it came off effortlessly and Alpha breathed easily for the first time in years.
Carefully, he eased the slumbering guard off of the console and backwards into his chair, not wanting to gamble too much on the potency of the tranquilliser by shaking the guard too heavily and yet not wanting to be forced to give the guard another shot either, just in case a double dose turned out to fatal. 
Rolling the guard-carrying chair into a quiet corner, Alpha paused a moment to check the guard with his senses, for though a human may be able to fake unconsciousness to another human, there was no fooling an Esper like Alpha. After a moment of examining the guard’s definitely quiescent brain, Alpha straightened, satisfied by what his mind’s eye had seen, he then turned back to the control console. Reaching into another pocket he produced a much beaten and worn old-style self-winding watch, that one of the other Trustee Espers had rescued from the Complexes garbage system and repaired for this very purpose (for unlike the children of the second series of genetic experiments, who were identified by their roman letter code names, the Greek letter code-named first generation Espers had no fine-tuned temporal senses and had to rely on more conventional means to tell the time) it was a minute to midnight, Alpha had made it with just a little time to spare.
He quietly waited, counting off the remaining sixty seconds with nervous impatience. The second hand crawled around the dial, seeming to travel in slow motion in a mockery of his sense of urgency, the final five seconds ticking away with a painfully molasses-slow movement.
Tick. 
Alpha tried to stabilise his breathing, and failed miserably. 
Tick. 
His fear-enhanced senses started picking up the movement of every mote of dust in the room making him feel disorientated and queasy. 
Tick.
He extended his finger to merely a millimetre above the control for the security system, trying to control its shaking and this time succeeding. 
Tick.
He looked quickly over his shoulder at the guard, who was still reassuringly quiet and unmoving. 
Tock.... Midnight.
Alpha’s finger stabbed out at the emergency security activation control on the console; there was a distant whoosh of heavy duty hydraulic actuators as the Guard Block security shields almost instantaneously shunted into place, sealing its many doors and windows with a series of interlocking laminated alloy barriers that a moderate-sized army would have trouble getting through.
A second later with a movement as quick as the last, Alpha simultaneously pressed three buttons adjacent to the first and the Administration, Lab and Staff Dormitory blocks received the same treatment. The four blocks were now both completely cut off from the rest of the world, until those manning the primary security room realised what was happening and tried to override the system, but as the overrides would have to be engaged manually it would take a few minutes to do so, and if all went well someone else would be on their way to neutralise that possibility even as Alpha considered it.
Three more button presses later, and the many individual high-security dormitory room doors of the Esper Block, Creche Block and Normals Block disengaged (the Esper Training Block was left untouched, it being empty at this time of night) and with a final flick of a switch the Complex’s primary suppression field was shut down. 
Then (and with a certain amount of satisfaction) Alpha calmly yanked a high voltage power line from a nearby wall and fused the control panels circuitry in such a way as to render it useless for hours without actually deactivating its functions. He then exited the room at a quick trot. 
He ran down the corridor to the guard blocks main bulkhead door, it too should have closed but there was another trustee waiting just outside the door, calmly holding the massive portal in its open and unlocked position with an almost casual display of mid-level telekinesis.
“Theta!” Alpha called waving.
“Keep running.” Theta called back, “They’re coming.”
And indeed Alpha could sense them, the guards were pouring out of every nook and cranny in the building and they were all heading this way, very quickly. He rushed out of the building and Theta calmly removed his influence from the door, the heavy shielded portal slamming almost instantaneously into place with a thud that rattled Alpha’s teeth.
Alpha tossed the collar-removing tool to Theta, who received it thankfully.
“I noticed that they tried to activate the collars,” Theta observed, gingerly removing his steel band and throwing it into a nearby bush with relief. “I guess we cut the right circuits after all, Eh?”
Alpha nodded “I just hope it worked for all the others also, I don’t want to have to inject anyone with adrenaline if I can avoid it.” He quickly checked his pockets, he had three of the tranq-guns left, and though it was unlikely that he would need them at this point, he decided that it couldn’t hurt to hang on to them just in case. 
“By the way,” Alpha began, waving a tranq-gun in Theta’s direction “your little “acquisitions” came in quite useful. For a moment I was worried that they’d finally noticed they were missing, but everything turned out fine in the end.”
Theta grinned, “I just did what I could do.” he replied modestly. As the trustee-janitor for the Lab Block, it had been Theta who had been quietly skimming the tranquilliser-gun stocks for the past several months, it hadn’t been an easy task and he had run the risk of discovery on many an occasion. But without the guns their chances of escape would have been significantly lower, or indeed as Alpha had discovered tonight, practically impossible. 
An audible thudding began on the other side of the door; the first of the guards had arrived.
“You do realise that they’ll be able to get those doors open inside of five minutes,” Theta pointed out helpfully. “They can override the lock as soon as one of the middle level officials primes it with the secured pass from the Guard-Commandant’s safe. Even if the primary junction’s toasted they can still open the doors at their local security panels, one by one.”
Alpha grinned nervously “If all goes well, inside of five minutes there won’t be any power in the whole complex to open the doors with. They’ll have to bleed off the fluid in the hydraulics system and push the doors open manually, which will take the better part of a couple of hours.” Looking over his shoulder at the sealed portal behind them, he added: “at least, that’s the theory.”
“Let’s hope your theory pans out then.” Theta murmured nervously.

***

Z jumped involuntarily as the security door of her prison opened with a whoosh of displaced air. She moved quickly out the door and into the corridor, and she grinned with satisfaction as a moment later she felt the buzz of the suppression field fading from her mind, Z knew now without a doubt that the first stage of the plan had been a success.
She could now sense that the corridor was for the moment clear and rushed along it without the slightest hesitation. She had perhaps five minutes or less to reach the Power Block, a large grey concrete cube of a building that was automated and usually unmanned, she hoped absently that the block was guard free as her supply of tranq-darts was limited and her power would be needed for other things.
She ran down the three flights of stairs that would take her to ground level at near-breakneck speed, practically climbing over the other Espers who all had the same idea, except for the few who were cheerfully tying up the stunned guards with whatever they could find or locking them inside rooms, not willing to trust the tranquilliser darts potency so much as to just leave them where they lay. 
Despite all of the twists, turns and bottlenecks Z was out the main dormitory door and rushing across the untidy quadrangle that lay between the main part of the Complex and the Power Block within less than a minute. Unlike the other younger Espers, she had been aware of the escape plan for over than a month, but that said, Z knew that the First Series Espers - now mostly young adults - had been planning this breakout for many years, carefully rising up through the ranks of trustees until they were in positions that would place them near to the resources or departments they would need access to before they could make any genuine attempt at escape. She also knew that it was an Esper like her that they had been waiting for, as without having someone with enough power to shut down the entire electricity grid of the Complex they would never be able to seal away their captors for long enough to escape.
The Power Block was directly ahead, there was already a trustee there waiting for her, she had barely two minutes to spare.
The Power Block had its own separate internal suppression field (controlled from within the block itself, rather than remotely from the Guard Block) so the other Espers could not get close enough to use their powers to shut down either the suppression field or the main power relays that controlled the security system, nor could they make it through the many layers of protective shielding that lay within, (all rigged with anti-Esper booby traps to make a bad situation worse).
And this was where Z came in, for she didn’t need to enter the building to deactivate the power grid, all she needed was to be relatively close to it, and standing just outside of the range of Power Blocks suppression field (as an Esper had to be either physically within the field, or mentally in contact with it to be affected) would do just fine.
Not even regular Psychon Armour could defend against what Z was going to do here, which was perhaps why the Bioalchemists had always been careful to keep her dosed up on psi-suppressing drugs in addition to the suppression field (as well as generally keeping her as far away from themselves as possible). For Z’s most famous (and most dangerous) faculty was a compressed spatial transmutation that had been dubbed: The Pressure Wave. Using her powerful telekinesis Z was able to gather and focus the very air itself into an extremely large, semi-solid mass, and then to launch this mass at high speed. Z could even customise the shape of the force in such a way as to maximise its damage-dealing potential in all manner of frightening ways.
Z’s stomach growled insistently, reminding her that the light-headedness she was feeling had less to do with the joy of almost-freedom than it did with the fact that the only way she could avoid exposure to the anti-psi medication (which, due to her stronger than usual powers she was not-so-secretly dosed with at meal times) was to have not eaten or drank anything for the last 48 hours, and yet even having done that she still could feel its vestigial effects, tearing at the fringes of her psyche and clouding her focus.
Putting such concerns from her mind, Z concentrated, her eyes closed and her mind focussed to pinpoint accuracy on the centre of the power block, where she knew the generators to be even if her senses could not penetrate the suppression field. Her lithe young frame tensed, and with all the power at her disposal she gathered in a huge mass of the surrounding air, causing the wind within the quadrangle to whip and slash around her. If the other Espers had not taken shelter or found handholds they would surely have been dragged into the gathering singularity that was taking on a monstrous, amorphous form before them.
Z’s eyes opened, her face twisted in a grimace of strain at holding the focussed near-solid mass of air in place. With a gasp of effort she made a pushing movement with her hands and the surrounding Espers could see (or sense) the projectile unleashed at close to the speed of sound. With a screaming whoosh of tortured air, the pressure wave hurtled forward, shattering the doorway and surrounding wall in its passage and passing though the suppression field without pause. Even without Z’s power to keep it focussed on the other side of the field, the wave’s own momentum held it together for several seconds, plenty of time for it to smash its way through every barrier and shatter the mighty reinforced alloy shielded generators at the centre of the building into so much sparking fragments.
The Complex went dark. And after the chaos of the previous minutes, silence reigned. But the silence was only momentary as all around Z the Espers cheered, in relief if for no other reason, for the first of their major hurdles had been spectacularly overcome. The pessimism of the past cracked just slightly, letting just a tiny glimpse of optimism through. 
There may be a chance for escape after all…
But as for Z, the combination of her fasting and her unprecedented use of her power had left her physically drained; she tottered unsteadily and would have fallen if not for the Espers nearest to her coming to her immediate support. She allowed them to lead her to a nearby bench and accepted their congratulations in the spirit of the situation. But she couldn’t share in their feelings of hope, not yet at any rate.
Because she knew what still lay ahead…

***

Alpha turned from the sight of the others merrymaking back to the job in hand, he had been gathering all the stronger telekinetic children of both series and had set them to work on the main gates: a huge, interlocked double-door structure of laminated adamantine steel and titanium alloys some five metres high, four wide, and one and a half thick set in a perimeter wall of super-compacted earth that towered fifty metres high and was (presumed to be) some five metres thick at the base. Usually the gate-bolts were opened and shut using huge electromagnets controlled by one of the security networks’ subsystems, but as they had not had time to crack the gates security access codes before they had been forced to destroy both the security net and the power supply they would have to open the heavy door by other means.
Having set them to their task and leaving Theta in charge, Alpha then made his way to the main Complex’s side of the quadrangle to where the special Esper transports and the staff’s small contingent of general land vehicles were currently parked. There were just over a dozen of them, mostly minivans and larger-sized busses, plus one solitary Levitation-Limousine that belonged to the Director of the institute.
Further along, hidden in its own mini-hanger was a Helijet, a six-seat flying machine of military style, desert-colouring, but with half its weapon pods replaced with search & tracking equipment. Alpha grinned slightly, for although the helijet had been designed with the intention of chasing and recapturing escaped Espers it had never yet been used before for that purpose and on this one time when it could justify its existence, it would almost certainly fail to achieve anything, especially as there was now one of the female Espers - one of the older trustees - standing next to it and shorting out the delicate electronics of its engines with the judicious use of her power, which was to manipulate electromagnetic waves.
“How goes the fight, Gamma?” Alpha asked her, threading his way through the stationary vehicles to stand at her side. “Is everything proceeding smoothly?”
Gamma nodded, her curling, auburn hair shifting and settling on her shoulders in ways pleasing to Alpha’s eye. “I’ve succeeded in bypassing the security interlocks and have started all the vehicles engines.” Gamma reported with a grin. “They’re powered by quantum batteries and are fully charged so it should be OK to keep them running for the duration of the trip without flattening them out. It’s just as well too, as the security system will re-arm itself if the motor is shut off.”
Alpha nodded in understanding. “I just hope we’ve got enough vehicles for everyone.” Alpha mused, “There’s no way of knowing how many kids there are in the Creche or Normals Blocks.”
“That’s presuming they want to come.” Gamma pointed out “It’s not like we’ve ever been in a position to ask their opinion on the matter before now.” 
“I’ve never really considered the possibility.” Alpha remarked in surprise “I’ve just always presumed.”
“As did I.” Gamma replied “But it just struck me here and now at the eleventh hour, that if the roles were reversed, how would we react if someone just suddenly told us we were free to run, without giving us time to think over the situation first.”
“The Second Series Espers were quick to agree to our plan.”
“But even they had a week to think it over.”
“That’s true.” Alpha agreed, and he shook his head “I suppose I just can’t really comment with any certainty on the issue, I’ve been too focussed on the task in hand.”
“I guess we all have.”
Alpha shrugged. “I guess all we can do at this point in time is to take things as they come.” he noted “there are just too many variables to try and come up with contingencies for everything.”
“True enough.” Gamma replied “And either way, if worse comes to worse I’ll have everyone sitting in each other’s laps or strapped on the roofs of the vehicles if the need arises. I’m not leaving anyone behind, not if they want to come anyway.”
“Agreed.” Alpha replied, and he looked up at the helijet “Looks like you’ve toasted it well and truly.” he observed with a grin.
Gamma shrugged “I figured we’d be having enough trouble working out how to drive the land vehicles,” she explained “I didn’t want to risk sending any of us up in this potential death-trap, but on the other hand I didn’t want to leave it behind in one piece either.”
“They could always have spare parts hidden somewhere to repair it with.” Alpha theorised.
“Even if they do, it will take them some significant time to fix the damage,” she replied with a grin. “I’m being very thorough.”
Alpha grinned back at her “I’m sure you are.”
But before he could say any more he was interrupted by the arrival of two female Second Generation Espers, named DQ and YK, whose teams had been tasked with the release of the Normals and the Infants of the Creche respectively. Alpha turned to them, and their grim expressions made any euphoria he may have been feeling fade into a distant memory.
“What is it?” He enquired.
“The Normals Block is empty, the Creche is also.” DQ informed him “They appear to have been empty for months.”
“Empty?” Alpha repeated, stupefied. “But how?”
“There hasn’t been any transports off-world for over a year.” Gamma noted “And we know for a fact that on that occasion there were only Espers taken away.”
“Nonetheless, there is no-one in either the Creche or the Normals Blocks.” DQ replied.
“Come and see for yourself if you don’t believe us.” YK suggested, somewhat peevishly “There’s no way they could be hiding, of that I’m sure.”
“I don’t doubt what you’re saying.” Alpha replied “It’s just that this doesn’t make any sense.” and closing his eyes, he let his consciousness expand outwards. Like a searchlight it played over the all-too-solid structures of the Creche and Normals blocks, and yet with his powers unimpeded by the now-deactivated suppression field, their solid masonry walls were as transparent to his senses as glass.
But transparent or not, there was no joy to be had in their examination, for both buildings were indeed deserted, from their lift motor rooms in the roof to their sub-basements full of dust, broken furniture and rising damp.
Thinking back to his childhood, Alpha hazily remembered his time in the Creche as being forever surrounded by children and noise. Though he could also remember the many from his generation and earlier who had been taken away to the Normals Block there had always been other Infants coming in from the Lab Block to replace them, so seeing the Creche completely empty like this was an uncanny thing, but that said, there was no denying the evidence of his senses.
“I don’t understand it.” He began “where can everyone have gone?”
YK shrugged “Even the youngest of us remember leaving other Infants behind in the Creche.” She noted “and they have no doubt that up until the last Esper exited the Creche just over a year ago there were still other Espers in the Creche, and new generation Normals being sent to the Normals Block.”
“And yet now, the Normals Block is not only empty, it’s desolate.” DQ added “much of the equipment has been removed and dust is thick on the ground” and she shrugged “the Creche isn’t quite as bad as this (it is simply empty) but nonetheless it does not appear to have been used for some time. Perhaps not since the last Y series upgrades left the Creche over a year ago.”
“We could do a physical search of the rest of the Complex” YK suggested “and visually confirm what we already suspect.”
Alpha shook his head “No, there’s no time.” He replied grimly “I have no doubt that they are gone (but where or how remains a mystery), and it’s not like our eyes could tell us anything our extra-senses hadn’t already.”
Before YK could reply, they were joined by a breathless and grim faced Theta. 
“We have a problem.” He explained, panting.
And Alpha’s already low morale sank into his boots. “Another problem?” he enquired with bitter irony.

***

Alpha, Gamma and Theta stood facing the huge gates. Surrounding them in a rough semicircle were the telekinetic children who had been at work on the bolts, they were red eyed, grey faced and sweating profusely from their exertions. And as Alpha could plainly see the products of their efforts were worse than negligible, the heavy bolts had hardly moved at all.
Theta shook his head grimly “We’ve underestimated the paranoia of those bastards.” he remarked, gesturing in the general direction of the Admin block. “They’ve weighed down the locking bolts and the gate with an adamantine steel layer, laminated over a core of Dark Star alloy! They’re far heavier than they look and well beyond our combined strengths.”
“My power isn’t strong enough to polarise the coils,” Gamma remarked with a sigh. “Could we rig some kind of backup generator or connect the power packs of the ground vehicles into a series, and re-power the electromagnetic latches that way?”
Alpha shook his head “not in the time available, our “lords and masters” must already be bleeding the hydraulic locks. They could be out in less than an hour.”
“Could we climb the wall perhaps?” Theta suggested. “Or perhaps levitate the kids over the wall in small groups?”
“Even if we got them over the wall in time we’d be on foot on the other side,” Gamma replied. “How far could we get, when we don’t even know how far away the nearest settlement might be?”
“Well, I’m not ready to give up, not yet.” Theta pointed out. “We always knew this would be a gamble, and it’s not as if we didn’t suspect this entire escapade would be a futile gesture, it’s just that the alternative is worse.”
Alpha nodded grimly, for there was no denying Theta’s words. 
Without a doubt, there were many things the Espers did not know about the world outside, but there was one absolute certainty of their existence as a product of the complex, one that the Bioalchemists (in an example of their complete and utter lack of empathy) had never tried to hide from their “children” and this was that the Espers would have only one possible future when it came time to leave the complex: they would be distributed and sold as company product, slaves by any definition.
And it was with this in mind that Alpha stared bitterly up at the grey mountain of barred steel that stood between the Espers and freedom, his mind a grey blur of uncertainties. He cursed silently at his decision to shut down the power so quickly, although deep down he knew there had been no other way to seal in the Complex staff without doing so, not in the time he’d had available, anyway. 
He and the other senior Espers had always presumed that the gates were designed to hold up to an Esper attack, but with the suppression field constantly running in the general populace areas they had never had the opportunity to scan its structure before. They had done everything they could to wheedle its secrets out of the guards, but they had either been too careful to reveal any details or they had simply been ignorant of the gates construction methods (which seemed more likely).
But either way the point was now moot, Alpha mused grimly. Completely at a loss as to what to do next, he was painfully aware that the time to come up with a viable contingency plan was rapidly running out…
A tiny hand touched his arm, startling him out of his reverie; he turned and was surprised to see a grim-faced Z standing behind him, leaning on one of the other younger Espers for support. Her countenance was almost as pale as her hair from the exhaustion of her previous effort but her mouth was set firm in determination.
“Let me try.” she said.
“Maybe you haven’t noticed, Z, but you look like you’re just about ready to collapse in a heap.” Alpha pointed out, too concerned for the young pale Esper before him to be more diplomatic.
“And I feel worse, believe you me.” Z replied grimly “But I can open this door, and you know I can.”
Alpha opened his mouth to argue, and just as quickly closed it. Z was clearly beyond debating with, and Alpha couldn’t deny the fact that she, despite being only fifteen years of age, was almost certainly the most powerful Esper of any of them, and certainly the most powerful Telekinetic.
He watched the other Espers stand back as Z slowly made her way over to the gates. And as he thought of the massive powers that resided in her tiny metre and a half frame he couldn’t help but be amazed. He knew that she was the last of the second series children (as denoted by her code name, Z) as all of the children younger than her were replications or enhancements of earlier developed genome patterns rather than improvements upon Z’s enhanced and purified genetic structure.
It was a badly kept secret amongst the Bioalchemists that they had been so far unable to reproduce Z’s genetic pattern, failing miserably in every attempt. But Alpha also knew that despite this seemingly desperate need of theirs to replicate her, out of all the children in the Complex none terrified the Bioalchemists more than this one small teenage girl.
And some said with good reason…
Standing within the semicircle of Telekinetic children (who drew back to a more prudent distance) Z’s body tensed as she looked up at the huge portal before her, and those closest to her could feel the swirling vortex of energies now gathering and coalescing with her at the centre. Almost trancelike, Z spread her arms wide in one flowing movement, and bare instants later the massive bolts slid back with a violent screech of metal on metal, shunting into their retracted position with a resounding clang, whilst having almost shaken loose from their huge bindings with the suddenness of their relocation.
Her milk-white hair floating halo-like around her head with the force of the power she was generating, Z moved forward a step, her hand outstretched. Her extended fingers touched the gates lightly, barely contacting with the cold adamantine steel for a millisecond in the faintest feather light brush of fingers against the seemingly immovable mass. And less than an instant later the doors swung rapidly outward, swinging round on their huge hinges and smashing loudly into the outer wall with a deafening reverberation akin to nothing the children had ever heard before in their lives.
The echoes of the massive impact quickly faded, seemingly absorbed into the ever-darkening shadows of the deepening night to leave only stunned silence in its wake. And the still shuddering group of Espers found themselves staring in open-mouthed awe at the stark moonlit landscape beyond the wall that was now revealed to them.
It was Alpha who first gathered his wits again. Noticing the tiny form of Z slumped on the ground he ran over to her, fearing the worst. But the frown of concern quickly left his face as his senses told him that she was merely unconscious, the strain of using her power to such an incredible extent in so short a time having finally caught up with her.
He picked up her limp form, involuntarily glancing from her quiescent face to the landscape beyond the gate that she had revealed with her power; it was dark, still and seemingly deserted, bare of any sign of habitation and seemingly treeless, only low patchy scrub was visible as far as he could see (or sense) in the faint moonlit gloom. But this didn’t concern him, for no matter how bleak their future may be out in the wilderness, he was sure they had more of a fighting chance out there, than here in this experimental cage.
He turned his back to the sight of the outside world and, still carrying Z, he faced the other Espers, who were staring at the outside world with what he suspected was the same mix of hope and trepidation that he felt himself. “Now’s our chance!” He declared at the top of his voice “To the vehicles, everyone, quickly!”
The spell of the outside momentarily broken by Alpha’s words, the Espers dragged themselves away from the sight of freedom and ran to the waiting vehicles. Alpha noticed Gamma behind the wheel of the Levi-Limo and ran towards it; on arrival he placed the limp Z in the back seat and strapped her in firmly.
As Alpha got into the passenger seat of the Limo, the other vehicles - packed to the brim with Espers - gunned their engines, and with a few uncertain wobbles of inexpert driving (a skill the allocated drivers had learned in secret, and without a real vehicle to practice on), made their way rapidly out of the wide open gates. Following their prearranged plan, each vehicle took a different route away from the compound, in the hope that if they split up that at least some would succeed in their escape.
With one last look of concern at the slumbering Z, Alpha nodded to Gamma and she floored the accelerator. The engine whined in straining anti-gravity units for a moment and then with a sudden release of built up antigravity potentials the Limo shot away like a cork from an over pressurised bottle. In a few short seconds it was through the gates and just another fading dot in the moonlight.

***

The last of the engine sounds quickly faded into the distance and the quadrangle was quiet again, only the muffled banging of men at work on the security portals, gave any indication that anyone still resided in the compound.
Suddenly a shadow separated itself from the deeper inky blackness between the admin and dormitory blocks, resolving itself into an indistinct human shape it quietly walked to the gate to watch the last of the vehicles disappear over the horizon. Satisfied that they were out of sight the figure strode quickly over to the admin block. 
Pausing to inspect the shorted out helijet in its hanger, the figure cast an indistinct, but obviously male shadow on the dark vehicles fuselage as he carried out his careful examination, his short-cropped, white-blonde hair almost luminous in the pale light. Seemingly satisfied with what he saw the figure strode chuckling to the nearest security door and set to work.

***

The next day dawned as bright as only a binary sunrise can be, the tiny red orb of the secondary sun being the first to rise into the brightening sky to be followed moments later by its significantly larger & incredibly more brilliant cousin. Together they were quite a sight, though since the sky was its usual cloudless, hazy orange-grey expanse of nothing much in particular it could be said that the two suns appeared more impressive than they probably should have been simply because there was nothing else to compare them to.
None of this stellar showboating was of much particular interest to Alpha and Gamma on this day though, partially because they had seen it all before but mostly because they were driving the Limousine at breakneck speed and were both equally terrified of crashing, since they had only rudimentary knowledge of how to drive. But they dared not slow down, either, as they were just as unnerved (if not more so) at the thought of what the guards would probably do to them if they were caught.
With a whining of strained anti-gravity units the limo crested another cacti-encrusted dune and screeched down the other side under maximum air brakes in an attempt to avoid hitting bottom too hard, which almost succeeded. There was an unnerving crunch as the Limo’s rear fender scraped against the hard, scrubby vegetation that lay unevenly packed in the narrow valley floor between the always-shifting dunes and as a result was nearly ripped loose for the umpteenth time.
In the driver’s seat, Gamma barely flinched at the sounds of tearing vegetation beneath them or the over stressed machine-pain coming from under the hood of the limo, her jaw was set perhaps just a trifle too firmly to be classed as the fixed expression of determination and the sweat on her brow was perhaps just a little too early in the day to be blamed on the heat of the rising sun. 
In the passenger seat, Alpha gritted his teeth but decided against commenting on the quality of Gamma’s driving, mainly because in the intervening time between their escape last night and now, they had both taken turns at the cars’ controls and had discovered (much to their chagrin, though not to their surprise) that they were both as exceedingly pathetic at driving as each other.
Whist the car maintained a relatively straight course for several seconds Alpha took the opportunity to check on Z, who turned out to be still as dead to the world as she had been the previous night. He eyed the tiny Esper with concern, her continuing lack of response - despite her debilitating over-use of her powers the previous night - was worrying, especially as he felt that the better part of seven bumpy hours in the Limo’s back seat would have woken her up by now, if only to be car-sick.
He looked up from Z to search the bleak dry landscape around them for some sign of life, and saw nothing but sand and dry desert foliage that was seemingly the archetype here, no matter what direction he looked; but at least there was the satisfaction in seeing that the Complex had long ago faded into the distance behind them. Though less gratifying was the fact that the busses and vans that held the other Espers had also long vanished into the dusty morning haze as they travelled their own individual paths. He quietly hoped that they were having more luck than he and Gamma and Z were seeming to do, and idly wondered if the rest of the planet was nothing more than sand dunes, and that eventually they’d find themselves back at the Complex, having come full circle without finding a single other sign of habitation on the entire dusty planet. 
They crested another dune and the sight beyond it made Alpha forget his previous introspections and caused Gamma’s foot to slip from the accelerator in surprise, the engines whine faded and the Limo drifted down the opposite side of the dune at an almost leisurely pace. Gaping in amazement, neither of them could believe their eyes but there was no denying the fact that at the foot of the dune and directly in their path was a broad (though somewhat dusty and cracked) highway of a kind they would never have expected to see in the middle of the desert. It spread out on either side of them, to be lost to sight amongst the rolling dunes to their right and to their left leading to a distant, angular shape, starkly profiled against the grey, featureless sky...
A city.
With some short moments of inexpert jiggling of the controls, Gamma aligned the Limo on the highway and gunned the engines once more, heading at top speed for the hazy image of tightly clustered skyscrapers on the horizon. 
It did not take them long to arrive on the outskirts of the city’s suburban sprawl, passing at first only the occasional lonely single story building dotted on either side of the highway. But as they progressed, their surroundings soon changed from these solitary, low, concrete pillbox-like constructions to larger groups of buildings, taller and more complex in design, and the gaps between these increasingly intricate “neighbourhoods” became smaller and less frequent with their rapid progress.
Soon the breaks between these structures disappeared entirely and the occupants of the limo found themselves passing between two parallel rows of buildings, formed into individual shapes both utilitarian and fantastic. The buildings height gradually increased on either side, rising up into the distance to meet with the tall artificial mastiffs of concrete, glass and steel that soared up before them, largely dominating their entire field of view.
But unfortunately, the skyscrapers - much like the suburban buildings they were currently passing - were all too obviously in a state of advanced ruination. They were all visibly long-deserted, their colours faded, their concrete and metal shells rusted, cracked and crumbling, their windows dusty and broken. In the far distance, one of the massive skyscrapers was tilted at an unnerving angle, its tall silhouette drunkenly leaning against that of its neighbour; further on another tower’s outer shell had partially collapsed, exposing the remnants of the floors within.
Gamma looked bleakly around her and shook her head at Alpha; he nodded in confirmation and sighed. There was to be no respite of their situation to be found here, no pause for rest, no crowd to hide amongst. 
No future, not yet.
“This city’s been deserted for a very long time.” Alpha murmured, feeling the need to vocalise what they both felt. “I can’t sense any movement anywhere, even the vermin have left.”
“No electromagnetic residues either.” Gamma added. “I can’t sense any vestigial echoes of a power grid anywhere, this city’s as dead as it’s possible for a city to get.”
Alpha shook his head, as if to dislodge the last of the false hopes that had begun to roost there. He looked ahead grimly. “I guess that’s that as far as this place is concerned.” He remarked. “We might as well continue to follow this road through the city and out the other side, with any luck it will continue on and perhaps eventually lead somewhere that is populated.”
Gamma grinned humourlessly, her eyes narrowing suspiciously “You really think so?” she enquired cynically. “There’s nothing to say that - apart from The Complex - the whole planet isn’t as deserted as this city.”
Alpha shrugged grimly. He and Gamma had understood the potentially bleak reality of their situation from the start, they had always known that there would be unforeseeable and possibly extreme risks involved in their breakout. But compared to the all-too-certain alternative, even the most flimsy of straws was worth grasping for.
“Let’s just see what we can see.” Alpha said.
Gamma nodded, and gunned the engines. The limo rocketed along the all but ruined highway as fast as the cars antigravity units would allow, its wake stirring into long trailing clouds the heavy dust that had for many years laid upon it.
The highway split into several broad avenues, Gamma picked one at random and continued forward, finding all too quickly that her choice led them into a convoluted web of narrow roads that wound deeper and deeper into a warren of half-collapsed, mid-sized buildings and dark, dusty side streets. They seriously considered turning back and trying another path out of the city, but found that they had made their decision far too late. They were completely lost, even the suns could not be used to navigate by, as they were no longer visible from within the high, narrow artificial valleys through which they now travelled.
The path twisted and turned before them, for the tenth time in as many minutes the road bent sharply ahead, causing Gamma to bank the limo at an acute angle and slow down. There was a combined screeching of overstressed antigravity motors and metal on masonry as the various car panels scraped against the brittle alley walls.
Alpha made a face as the limo skidded roughly around the corner, his shoulders were beginning to bruise from his being constantly thrown between the cabin wall on his left and Gamma on his right.
Noticing his expression Gamma frowned. “Any time you think you can do a better job in this bloody maze, feel free to try!” She remarked icily.
“We both know that I’d be no better at driving through all this than you.” Alpha replied with a grin.
“Lack of driving ability notwithstanding, we’re probably going too fast for these side streets.” Gamma noted gloomily “but on the other hand, we’re probably not going fast enough to lose any possible pursuit.”
“We took all their transports.” Alpha pointed out “and toasted their one and only helijet, what more could they send against us?”
“I suppose I can’t really argue with that.” Gamma agreed grudgingly. “Perhaps I’m just feeling paranoid, maybe it’s just that after being watched like a bug under a microscope for so many years the feeling of being watched just remains ever-present.” Her expression cleared for a moment before clouding over again. “I wonder how the others are doing?” she murmured quietly, “Better than us, do you think?” 
Alpha shook his head “I can’t say with any certainty, but they do have as much of a chance as we have.” He replied, “I do wish we’d had more time to plan all this out properly though, but we were always plagued by a lack of any decent information.”
Gamma grinned slightly “And in the end, events just took on their own course anyway.” she observed ironically.
Alpha nodded in reply, gritting his teeth as the limo swerved around a large chunk of fallen reinforced concrete, its protruding, heavily-rusted steel shafts gouging long streaks of paintwork from the Limo’s outer panels with a painful, high-pitched screech.
They all cringed at the sound and Alpha looked behind him, checking on the still-slumbering Z in the back seat. Although shifted about somewhat by the cars movement, she otherwise remained completely unconscious.
 “Z must have used every last drop of her powers last night.” Alpha wondered aloud. “I just hope that all she’s suffering from is exhaustion.”
“Whether she is or isn’t, Z’s better off as far away as possible from those inhuman white-coats back at The Complex.” Gamma pointed out. 
“True.” Alpha replied, but he would have felt happier nonetheless if Z opened her eyes at that moment.
Gamma risked a quick look away from the twisting road to glance back at the tiny Esper, her eyes clouded with concern. “Did you have any idea of the extent of her power?” she asked, turning back to face the road so as to take another corner at speed “But more to the point, do you think Z had any idea?”
Alpha shook his head. “I didn’t, and I don’t think Z did either.” and he turned away from Z to look Gamma in the eye, his face thoughtful “I think she had begun to suspect, but I don’t think she had any real inkling of her true potential until last night when she asked me to let her try the doors, I think it was at that very moment that she finally had a true insight into her own power.” Alpha shrugged bemusedly, his face betraying his amazement as he remembered last night’s events. “Why would the Bioalchemists create someone like Z and then not let her test her powers to the fullest?” he mused.
Gamma smirked, for the answer to Alpha’s question was all too obvious. “Because they are terrified of her,” she replied. “I’d suspect that either Z had far exceeded her original specifications or the Bioalchemists simply didn’t understand the true implications of what they were doing.”
“Typical mad scientists.” Alpha observed with irony.
“Damn straight.”
“Could they have perhaps made a mistake somewhere?” Alpha theorised. “That would explain why they’ve never been able to replicate Z’s genotype.”
“Maybe.” Gamma replied “Or maybe they’re just not as clever as they think they are, maybe they triggered a major human evolutionary step without even realising it!”
Suddenly Gamma fell quiet; her smile fading as she quickly glanced in the rear-view mirror to stare at the receding image of the street behind them, she then leaned back in her seat, craning her neck to look directly up through the Limo’s skylight at the narrow slit of sky, far above. Unnerved, Alpha followed her glance but could see nothing, above or behind. 
“What can you sense?” He asked her “Have they caught up to us?”
Gamma shook her head silently; a generalised shapeless disquiet had begun to echo in her mind but had as of yet not formed into anything specific. She slowed the car to a crawl on the currently straight (if narrow) road and closing her eyes, she let her senses expand.
“We’re being tracked, I’m almost certain of it.” Gamma finally replied, her voice faint and distant. Her eyes opened and she looked at him in concern. “Can you sense anything?”
Alpha let his body relax and closed his eyes; he stretched his consciousness to its limits and with a great effort tried to push his senses further. At their furthest extent his powers could just sense ... something, the barest most tenuous of sensations fluttering at him like the wings of a butterfly in a darkened room. Coming back to himself he turned to Gamma and frowning, shook his head.
“If there’s something out there, it seems to be at or just beyond the limit of my range.” he said, “Of course, that could mean that I might be feeling something on the fringes of my sensory sphere and then again it could just be ghost images caused by random environmental phenomena.” And he shrugged and added “Perhaps it’s simply my imagination.”
Gamma mused quietly, speeding up the limo until it was once again careening around corners at its previous speed. 
“It could of course just be my paranoia.” she began slowly “But if it is indeed members of the Complex following us, it could be that they know that it’s us down here and they are deliberately keeping out of our range until they have a clear opportunity to act.”
Alpha rolled this idea around in his mind “If that is the case then they may have knowledge of this city and where the best locations for an ambush would be.”
“I guess it’s too late to try and second guess them.” Gamma murmured. “But any suggestions as to what to do next will be greatly appreciated.”
Alpha shrugged “Were flying blind here, Gamma.” he replied. “All I can suggest is that we run for as long as we can and then stand and fight when we have to, it’s not as if we have much in the way of alternatives.”
Gamma sighed. “Run it is then.” and taking yet another corner at breakneck speed she accelerated the Limo beyond all possible safe limits and with a whoosh of solid objects passing within close proximity of one another at deadly speed the car popped from the narrow alley in a cloud of fine sand and almost-fossilised trash, flying out into a large canyon-like space that at quick glance revealed itself to be a broad – though desolate - avenue.
Gamma instinctively turned the Limo to the right to avoid slewing into the opposite side of the road, she then paused momentarily to check the cars electro-compass to make sure that they weren’t travelling in circles, for after all the twists and turns they had taken and with no direct sunlight to cast any decent shadows in the grey half-light of the broad, man-made valley, they had no other option but to trust to their instrumentation.
They hurtled forward, a nervous sheen forming on their brows despite the over-cool air conditioning within the Limo, the echo of disquiet in their minds building with every passing moment but never getting strong enough to form into a definite uncertainty.
The light along the avenue began to grow rapidly; the previously dark and uncertain end of the broad street had become a faint point of illumination, then a thin column, which rapidly brightened as it grew wider with proximity. Above them, the shadowy peaks of the ruined buildings had begun to slowly shrink back into less vertiginous heights and the sky was once again visible (if just barely), they were coming to the end of the city at last.
And it was now, with the seeds of hope beginning to involuntarily sprout in their minds that their hidden pursuers finally decided to act.
Alpha and Gamma sensed it at once. For Alpha, he felt the approach of multiple solid objects: hard, smooth and rapidly drawing closer. For Gamma it was a sudden overwhelming sensation of strong artificial magnetism, getting greater as it quickly approached. But for both of them the conclusion was the same: the attack had begun.
Gamma swerved by instinct (and not before time) as bare instants later the avenue which had been directly ahead of them a moment earlier was now completely engulfed in a rapidly expanding, incandescent ball of flame, far too broad and far too hot for the car to traverse with any chance of survival. 
Gamma then spun the Limo in a wide 180-degree turn, but before she could begin to head back the way they had come this stretch of road was also engulfed in flames, the expanding exothermic reaction being just as broad and virulent as the first blast. 
They were now trapped in a short stretch of the dusty cracked avenue with no streets or alleys on either side and thus with no alternatives other than to either risk a suicidal run through the flames or to wait for their attackers next move.
Practicality won out over desperation and Gamma parked the Limo along a stretch of dusty, rubble-strewn kerb just as the helijet from the Complex landed in the centre of the avenue, its turbofans kicking up a blinding cloud of small debris and time-bleached dust as it did so.
Gamma grimaced as she exited the Limo “So they did have spare parts hidden somewhere for that blasted thing!” she turned to Alpha with a tired look on her face “Well at least now we know what they were waiting for, there’s no way they could have ever landed that flying tin-cow in one of those narrow side-streets.” 
Alpha shrugged as he got out and joined her “Well at least we got a half-day head start on them.” he remarked with a fatalistic grin.
Gamma smiled back, but her expression faded as she turned with him to face the helijet. Its engines high pitched roar had diminished to a faint whine and now, finally, faded out altogether. The clouds of dust about it had just about begun to settle when they were stirred up once again by the opening of its passenger doors, which then unfolded themselves in a smooth ballet of precision-made articulations to form a narrow stairway, which lowered down upon the rock-hard macadam in a single flowing movement.
The second the stairway was down, two security guards from the Complex double-timed (albeit carefully) down the narrow stairs, as if to overcompensate for their complete failure the previous night. They were both wearing Standard Issue Psychon Armour and armed with long-barrelled, plasmatic beam-pulse pistols. They split up as soon as they touched the ground and then halted, flanking the stairway on either side, their plasmatic pistols cocked, ready to fire, and pointed very unambiguously in Alpha and Gamma’s direction.
A tall, thin figure then appeared at the head of the stairs, silhouetted in the cabin doorway like some kind of white-collar vampire. He was a well-groomed (though cadaverous-looking) man in his mid-to-late fifties, whose affectation of a slightly foppish demeanour suggested an attitude which largely took it for granted that his authority was absolute. Casually brushing an invisible speck of dust from his Psychon Armour as if it were an expensive three-piece suit, the man slowly moved down the stairs with careful deliberate steps, all with the intention of causing the most uncertainty and nervousness within his prey. His smiling face was a pallid mask of minutely judged confidence and disdain, his almost-reptilian eyes revealing a nature that was both petty and calculating in equal measure.
This was Charles Plantagenet Peate, the Senior Director of the Complex and the worst kind of dispassionate, soulless, corporate tyrant. He was man whose unlimited ambition and unashamedly naked greed were considered justification enough for his (often unpleasant) actions, and thus - to the company board members at any rate - he was considered the perfect man for the job.
“Good afternoon, Senior Director Peate.” Alpha remarked casually, but his eyes were dark with hatred. “What brings you to the wasteland?”
Peate smiled a cold, thin smile. His eyes glinted with feigned amusement. “Alpha and Gamma.” he remarked nonchalantly “Two failed experiments not even worth the cost of reacquisition, what a world of problems you and your brethren have given me today.” And with affected surprise he glanced towards the Limo. “And joyriding in my private car also, how naughty of you.”
And with that comment, the faux-humour drained from Peates face, his expression once-again becoming hard and cold “You and your associates will all be punished extremely for this, you will all be made examples of, to show the Esper majority what happens to those who try to challenge the authority of the Complex!”
“They’re not going back, none of us are!”
Espers and Humans alike turned in surprise to find that Z - now wide awake and standing next to the limo - had been the source of this outburst. She gave Alpha and Gamma a tiny smile and they noted that any visible vestige of the fatigue from the previous night had now faded from her features; no longer did she appear as haggard and drained as she had previously, and her dark blue eyes were bright with a razor sharp alertness that alleviated any remaining concerns the two older Espers may have been harbouring for the young Teen.
Moments earlier, Z had awoken from her senseless, grey limbo to find herself strapped into the back seat of the Limo, feeling cold, cramped and desperately hungry. Dragging her mind away from her wobbly legs and wobbly stomach to concentrate instead on her current wobbly circumstances she had quickly swept the area with her powers and within instants had deduced the desperate nature of their situation. Deciding that quick action was almost certainly going to be necessary, she had silently and rapidly slipped from the Limousine and moved to stand with the older Espers in a youthful display of solidarity. 
Alpha looked back at Peate and had the satisfaction of seeing his face suffused with surprise and fear for one long instant, before his mask of oily confidence snapped back into place; and Alpha nodded to himself, his suspicion that Peate was deathly afraid of Z now confirmed without a doubt.
“We’re free now, Peate.” Alpha declared, more confident now with both Gamma and Z at his side “And we intend to remain free.”
“Is that so?” Peate replied with a sneer that almost, but not quite, hid the sheen of oily perspiration that was now beginning to form upon his increasingly pallid face. “Well, I have a newsflash for you Alpha, freedom is a human right and you and your friends are anything but that.” Peate paused, his sneer widening. “If you don’t believe me have a look at your DNA under an electron microscope and you’ll see the brand name of Midgaard Polycorporate micro-stamped upon every molecule.”
Alpha paused “Midgaard?” he repeated uncertainly “I’ve never heard that name used for The Complex before.”
Peate shrugged “We don’t discuss business matters with our products.” He replied disdainfully. “All you’ve needed to know up until now is what we’ve chosen to let you know.”
“And that seems to have been as close to nothing as is practically possible, apparently.” Alpha remarked sarcastically “But be that as it may, it is nonetheless irrelevant. You did create us; I know that, I won’t even try to deny the obvious. But with that said, you also made us stronger and smarter than you and your kind, and more importantly, you gave us free-will.” and Alpha paused, glancing at Peate before shrugging bemusedly “And yet after creating a race such as us, you then expected us to be subservient to your whims, did you really think you could control us for ever?”
Peate grinned arrogantly “We never doubted your mental and physical superiority for a moment; achieving that was the primary goal of our experiments after all. But no matter how outraged you may be over this, it doesn’t change the fact that you are all products of ours and as such we can legally do what we like with you, and believe me, no one else will care!”
“If that’s true, why did you put us out here in the middle of nowhere, far from any prying eyes?” Gamma demanded, “I once believed that the Complex was just in the middle of your common or garden desert; but I’m beginning to wonder if this world we’re on is totally uninhabited, for outside of the Complex I haven’t sensed a single solitary electromagnetic field in any direction.”
Frowning, Peate didn’t reply. But even as he ceased to be so informative, from the shadows within the helijet a voice rang out. It was a voice Gamma was sure she had heard before and yet couldn’t immediately place; but even as she mused over this she noticed out of the corner of her eye that Z had stiffened almost instantly in recognition.
“You’re half right, My Dear Sister.” Said the voice “This isn’t your average planet, but neither is it completely uninhabited.” and with that, there emerged from the belly of the helijet a teenage boy who, rather than wearing Psychon armour (as the other occupants of the craft were) was instead dressed not unlike the Espers who faced him, which came as no great surprise, for an Esper was indeed what he was.
He was about a year older than Z (which would have made him about sixteen or seventeen, the Espers could only guess their age based on when they were put into general population from the infant Creche, which was usually about five or six, depending on their Intelligence Level and Psi-Power ratings) with short cropped, white-blonde hair and a pale complexion to match, he waved nonchalantly to the others like some sort of VIP as he strolled casually down the stairs to stand at Peate’s side, who frowned at the unplanned intrusion. 
“XE.” Z gasped in disbelief.
XE (for that was indeed his Esper Codename) nodded in confirmation, a wide grin on his face. He winked at the others smugly and continued, seemingly unaffected by their collective tension: “This planet we’re on, is known only by its galactic central catalogue number: DBL 968, and though it was once a major pit-stop on the primary galactic trading routes, you’ll find that most of the oligarchies which originally financed the empire have imploded somewhat over the last few centuries, and as a result of this DBL 968 is considered a bit of a fringe-planet now. Oh, and on a technical note: this planet is about the size of a planet called Mars in the Sol system but is slightly denser so it has a higher gravity.” and he jerked a thumb at the fuming Peate “I read his mind while he was stepping into his Psychon Armour.” and he grinned at all and sundry with a rebellious smirk.
“XE!” Peate all but snarled, his face reddening. “You were specifically ordered to not come out unless I summoned you!”
XE shrugged “I was feeling cramped in there.” he replied, nodding in the general direction of the helijet “So I decided to step out for a stretch.”
“You traitor!” Alpha hissed “Can’t you see that you’re helping our enemy to persecute your own kind!”
“It seems that I can’t please anyone today!” XE observed ironically “What can I say Alpha, good may well be cute but evil is definitely sexy.” and he struck a pose, as if he were a model standing upon an imaginary catwalk. 
“That’s got to be the most pathetic excuse I’ve ever heard.” Z observed, but with confusion in her voice rather than anger “I can sense your self-imposed mental blocks XE, what’s your real reason for all of this?”
“Oh, and by the way, Sister Gamma.” XE continued, blatantly ignoring Z’s question whilst brushing past Peate with finely calculated disregard “You’re perfectly right about our lords and masters, we’re definitely not lodged on this planet for the nice continental breezes. But rather we’re here because - contrary to what’s been said - Midgaard are breaking every single galactic bio-experimentation law in the book, and thus they need to keep what they’re doing out of the public gaze.” and he shrugged, sighing with heavy faux-irony “Governments are such fickle entities, they’re quite happy to buy Midgaard’s Espers just as long as they don’t officially know how their little bio-engineered warriors, assassins and spies are being made, isn’t that right Mr Senior Director?” and he turned to face the now brick-red Peate, who was all but bursting with apoplexy. 
XE grinned with pleasure at the sight and there was a fiery glint in his pale grey eyes that may have been more than just a reflection from the burning tarmac.
“That’s all I’ll take from you, you arrogant little Quasi-Humanoid!” Peate spat in fury, he turned to his bodyguards “Take him back on board!” he ordered in an almost-shriek.
The guards began to move towards XE, but they had made no more than a single step when he turned on his heel like some stereotypical gunslinger and pulled two imaginary guns from two imaginary holsters and yelled “POW” at the top of his lungs. It was such a ridiculous sight that it was far too late for them to react when they realised that he was holding a (now empty) Tranq-Gun in either hand...
The two guards fell as one onto the hard, dusty macadam of the avenue, just as Peate produced a (previously concealed) Plasma-Pistol and began firing volley after volley of shots in XE’s direction, all of which deflected upwards off of a shield of pure energy XE had instantly generated, the beams exploding harmlessly in the upper heights amongst the ruined cities crumbling towers.
“Really now, Mr Peate,” XE purred with mocking admonishment “Small arms fire verses my powers?” and he grinned nastily “How extremely confident of you.”
Peate, his nerves cracking, dropped the pistol and ran for the Helijet, screaming for the pilot to get the motor running and lift off immediately, all pretence of arrogant overconfidence fading into a grimace of pale sweaty fear.
But he did not make it even halfway to the helijet’s stairs, for a simple act of XE’s mind had caused Peate to be frozen into position, as if he had collided with an invisible wall of flypaper. He was seemingly trapped in his half-running, impossibly unbalanced position and yet was nonetheless unable to fall over; perspiration flowed freely down his brow and he whimpered softly, glancing desperately in the direction of the helijet, from which no hint of movement, or succour came.
XE levitated easily from where he had been standing and casually glided over to the vertically sprawled Peate. He followed Peate’s desperate gaze towards the helijet and laughed derisively, his hatred of the Director now all-too-obvious.
With no more than an impulse from his mind XE dragged the quivering Peate around in a semicircle so that he was once again facing the other Espers and then XE’s power forced the now-sobbing Senior Director to his knees.
He bent over Peate, his face a portrait of ersatz-apologetic sincerity “I suppose I should have mentioned beforehand that I had already tranquillised the pilot before I came to join you.” he remarked in an conspiratorial stage whisper that all could hear “And just in case you’re still wondering how I can control you like a cheap ragdoll, It’s because I’d sabotaged your Psychon armour before you put it on; you’d be amazed what kind of damage a pair of cheap nail clippers can do when you use them with the right amount of casual recklessness.” And with a charming, yet acidic, smile XE straightened up and walked towards the others with all the swagger of a person who honestly didn’t know the meaning of the word “modest.”
“Did you really think I’d betray you - my beloved brothers and sisters - in such a conniving and heartless way?” XE enquired with an all-too-charming (and thus completely false) smile. 
“Perhaps not.” Alpha replied with a frown “But that doesn’t mean we knew what you were planning either”
“And don’t give us all that “Beloved Siblings” crap.” Z added, “We all know that the only person you truly love is yourself.”
“Your words wound me, Z.” XE replied, his features crumpling in a (admittedly very decent) masquerade of mock hurt. “I merely wished to exit the Complex in style, how could you ever possibly doubt me?” 
“Easily.” Z replied, unimpressed by his routine.
“Are you still angry at me for beating you in that little friendly bout we had last month, my Dear Little Sister Z?” XE enquired with a grin.
Z stiffened in rage at the memory, for since she was of much the same age as XE and having similar (though stronger) powers to him, she had often found herself trapped in the same training programmes with him. Though unfortunately for her, XE had a tendency to cheat shamelessly at every opportunity, and usually at Z’s expense.
“That wasn’t a “friendly bout” and the only reason you won is because you didn’t play fair!” Z all but hissed. “And I’m NOT your sister!”
“Oh come on now, Z, were all children of the same machine here.” XE replied in a tone of mock admonishment, as if Z was some much loved but often errant toddler “And in the real world you’re more likely to be stabbed in the back than slapped in the face, so you might as well get used to the unfairness of the universe now, rather than later!”
“Oh I have got used to it, Brother XE.” Z replied with heavy sarcasm. And much to his surprise, XE suddenly found himself levitating some fifty metres up in the air.
“You caught me off guard.” XE observed coolly. “I guess that makes us even, for now.”
“Don’t push your luck XE!” Z warned “I could just drop you from this height to see how quick your reflexes are, or then again I could test my powers to their limit and see if I could send you into orbit; don’t think for a moment that I’ll pull my punches for you, because I really don’t like you, you know.”
“I don’t doubt that you could.” XE remarked with a winning smile “But then you’d never get to hear my urgent news.”
“Let him down, Z.” Alpha suggested diplomatically. “We need to know what he knows.”
XE let out the proverbial sigh of relief.
“You can always put him into orbit later.” Gamma added.
“You’re too cruel, Sister Gamma.” XE remarked in hurt tones as he floated back down to earth and made a big production of dusting himself off “Have I only got my dear Brother Alpha to protect me from such dangerous women?”
“Spare us your humbug and start talking.” Alpha advised.
“Don’t listen to him!” Peate - still kneeling - screamed, “He’s a liar, a compulsive liar!”
“But you fell for my shtick just the same, didn’t you?” XE observed with a smirk “You genuinely believed that I was going to help you track down my own kind, so what kind of idiot does that make you?”
Peate shook his head and hissed “Not enough of one to trust you with Psychon Armour.”
XE shrugged “Maybe so, but you still gave me more freedom than was good for you, old man.” 
“You can’t do this to me, damn you!” Peate all-but-screamed, “We made you, all of you; you belong to us!”
“Ye-es, we were supposed to be your fleshy little automatons; your clever little machines made of meat.” XE cynically observed “Well listen good old man, your skin-puppets have got minds of their own and short tempers to boot, so I really wouldn’t push your luck with those self-justifying attempts to bring us back into the fold, I mean what kind of idiot creates an organic being with freewill and then expects it to behave like a programmable doll? Honestly, Mr Senior Director Sir, didn’t any of you people ever read Frankenstein?”
“We’re hardly patchwork men and women here XE.” Gamma pointed out.
“Perhaps.” XE replied “But you do understand where I’m coming from right?” and he grinned “After all, although Peate and his buddies may have been a bit more sophisticated about it, their general disregard for sentient life remains much the same.”
Panicking, Peate began to struggle against his invisible psychokinetic bonds. Although in opposition to the mental power of XE he had no chance of escape, it was a testament to his desperation that he proceeded to reduce himself to a state of near-complete physical exhaustion before giving up.
XE turned to the other Espers with a faint grin. 
“Ultimately, whether you believe in me or not is immaterial.” He began “Because all the information you need to know is in the head of Chief Bozo over there; how about you have a look in his head Z, to confirm all that I’m about to say?”
“Keep out of my head!” screamed Peate, his fear rising again “You have no right!”
“Shut up.” XE casually suggested.
And with jaw muscles acting against his will, Peate’s mouth snapped shut with an audible clacking of teeth. 
“Taking your previous lack of concern for our rights into account, consider yourself lucky that I’m far too civilised to do any permanent damage to you!” XE advised and he turned back to the others as Z meanwhile moved to face Peate, her face draining of expression as she dived ever-deeper into the Director’s memories.
“Ready?” XE called over his shoulder.
“Ready.” Z replied faintly, as if calling from a great distance away.
“So what do you have to tell us?” Alpha prompted XE.
XE turned, all pretence fading from his features as he gestured in the direction from where they had come, towards the Complex. “There’s a vanguard force of forty or so hard boiled mercenaries in military grade, fully ray and kinetic shielded Psychon Armour heading this way.” He began. “But the good news is they’re in relatively slow moving armoured cars with heavy, portable suppression shields, so they shouldn’t be here any sooner than two or three hours from now.”
Alpha turned to Z “Is that true?” 
Z nodded “Yes.”
He turned back to XE “Keep talking.”
XE looked slightly surprised “You’re taking this rather well.” he remarked “I’d have expected at least a little bit of surprise, maybe even a bit of stunned shock.”
“It’s as much as I would have expected.” Alpha replied “If not exactly in form than at least in intent.”
“But I don’t remember any such equipment ever being in the compound!” Gamma exclaimed. “Where did they have all of this gear hidden?” 
“Midgaard has a private spaceport nearby; they keep most of their heavy armour there, as well as extra troops.” XE replied. “Thankfully, you and the other groups are all heading in generally the right direction: there’s a major civilian spaceport not more than six hundred kilometres from here and several other settlements of varying size along the way, and we’ve (hopefully) got enough of a head start to get away cleanly.”
“What about the mercenaries?” Gamma enquired. “Won’t they follow us into the settlements?”
XE gestured towards the immobile Peate “According to smiley over there, once any of us get close to a large-enough town the mercenaries have standing orders to drop the chase; they’re not supposed to be here, after all.” and XE shrugged, a faint grin on his face “It seems that it’s easier for their Public Relations spooks to deny everything if their highly armoured soldiers for hire don’t go shooting up innocent bystanders. 
“They didn’t strike me as the types to worry about that sort of thing.” Z murmured faintly, still deeply submerged in Peate’s mind.
“But you can sense its true though, right Z?” XE replied, “Although it’s less to do with any squeamishness on their part, rather it has more to do with a straightforward case of paranoia mixed with greed, doesn’t it?
“Yes.” Z replied, “They live in constant fear of their competitors discovering their operation here, and stealing their technology.”
“So they keep an ultra-low profile on this planet.” XE added “which isn’t to say that they won’t secretly silence anyone making any extraordinary allegations if they can’t avoid it.”
“So keeping our head down and our mouth shut is a good idea?” Alpha enquired with unrestrained irony.
“Definitely.” XE confirmed. “Once we make it to the spaceport we should be OK, although getting the money for a trip off the planet may require some creative thinking.” he continued “But that said, as soon as we’re off of the planet we should be able to just “fade into the crowd” as it were.”
“What about the company spaceport, is there absolutely no chance of escaping that way?” Alpha enquired.
“Well, it is only ten kilometres north of the Complex.” XE replied with a nod “But since it’s heavily fortified and guarded by multiple roving squads of mercenaries in military grade Psychon armour I didn’t want to put that forward as an option.”
“But won’t those squads be spread-out searching for us now?” Gamma suggested.
“Ye-es, and No.” XE replied “The vanguard squad is just part of a larger group headed this way, but they’re not the only ones out there. Midgaard also has fixed squads permanently guarding the spaceport.”
“Peate’s mind confirms this.” Z remarked “They’re too afraid of rival companies to leave the spaceport defenceless.”
“Ah Well.” Gamma replied “That does sort of make things more difficult.”
“Unless, of course, you have a particular hankering for trying to fight your way through several waves of borderline-psychopathic “Dogs of War” with just a bunch of untested Esper kids in your corner.” XE noted with irony, adding: “For myself, I’d suggest we take the long road.”
“Fair enough.” Alpha replied, shuddering at the thought.
“In their defence they do have orders to capture us alive, when possible.” XE added “But I get the feeling that the hired guns have a tendency to forget the finer details of their orders when they pull out their weapons; perhaps they just can’t handle the endorphin rush?”
“Just out of curiosity, how many squads of mercenaries are out searching for us?” Gamma asked.
“Including the Vanguard Squad, there are six roving squads out there at the moment with another six squads currently held in reserve to guard the spaceport.” XE replied.
“The long road it is then.” Gamma noted, grimacing. And she paused, as a new thought hit her “You say they have orders to take us alive, but what will Midgaard do to any Espers they recapture?” she shook her head grimly “I can’t believe they’ll just give us a slap on the wrist for this.”
“And you would be right.” XE Replied, turning to Z “Tell her the bad news Z.”
“The Bioalchemists have orders to Brainwipe us.” Z announced, her small frame quivering with suppressed rage “They’ve been ordered to ‘wipe us all!” she gasped.
Gamma frowned “Brainwipe?”
XE shrugged grimly “You wouldn’t know this (as the Bioalchemists don’t like to advertise their grubby little misdeeds to the general populace) but in the early days of the Complex it had originally been their intention to programme us like robots before sending us out into the universe.” he explained “although this plan was dropped when they discovered it also reduced the Espers powers by a significant magnitude.”
“But a modification of this process was developed that would erase the memories of all Normals.” Z added, “With their brains wiped clean, new false memories could be inserted.”
“The Normals were considered superfluous to Midgaards needs, but that said, Midgaard nonetheless wanted to make some return on their investment.” XE continued “So they’d routinely have the Normals minds wiped once they were sure that there was no chance of making an Esper out of them, and then - once reprogrammed - the Normals were re-classified as “Erasures” and are shipped off-world and sold through a series of “orphanages” that Midgaard apparently owns and runs on some of the less inquisitive outer planetary colonies.”
“Slaves by any other name.” Gamma observed dismally.
“And now the process has come full circle and they intend to use it on us, after all.” XE continued, “For from their perspective it’s better to have a sub-par Esper that they can control, rather than no Esper at all, right?”
“Bastards.” Alpha observed succinctly.
“It’s been no secret that they didn’t need us First Series Espers anymore, and haven’t for a long time.” Gamma reminded Alpha “We all had a fairly good idea that they were going to ship us off-world or get rid of us in some fashion or other as soon as we couldn’t be exploited any further, but to erase the Second Series as well...”
Alpha shook his head in reply; he turned to XE, his face grim. “When we broke into the Creche and the Normals Block we found them both empty, it appeared that they’d been deserted for some time.” and he nodded in Peate’s direction “What did he do with them, have they all been shipped already?”
XE nodded “Midgaard had a tendency to ship the Normals out when the rest of the Espers were in the training block.” he replied “From what I can gather from Peate’s cesspool of a mind they didn’t want to risk the Normals and the Espers making contact with each other after the Normals had had their new mental program inserted, I guess they didn’t want to risk contaminating their product with such an inconsequential thing as reality. Incidentally, I hear they programmed most of them to be Civil Servants this year, a special order for Earth-Prime... I guess they can never have too many bureaucrats, what with Earth being the centre of the Republican Empire and suchlike.” XE added with heavy irony. 
“Stick to the point XE.” Z chided. “I don’t want to spend any more time in this creeps head than I absolutely have to.”
“Everyone’s a critic.” XE mumbled “Well anyway, as of six months ago there were less than a dozen Normals left in their section, and they have all been ‘wiped and shipped off-world in the meantime.” he explained with a shrug “And it turns out that they were planning to sell off all remaining First and Second Series Espers fairly soon now - in less than a month or two probably - so it was just as well we did a runner when we did.”
Z frowned as she scanned Peate’s mind. “Peate’s memories concur with what XE’s saying.” She declared.
Gamma frowned “So they’re emptying the Complex?” she noted, “Are they planning to shutdown their operation here?”
XE shook his head “No, they have other plans for the Complex.” he replied.
“But with the Espers and Normals gone there’ll be nothing left in the Complex” Alpha pointed out, cutting XE’s reply short “The Infants Creche was empty, the Bioalchemists may not have produced any new Espers in over a year!”
But before XE could reply there was a sudden gasp from Z.
“What is it Z?” Alpha asked the young Esper, who had suddenly gone very pale.
“At a guess, I’d say Z has just discovered what I already know. And it will answer everyone’s questions.” XE began quietly “You see, it relates to the fact that Midgaard has given its mercenary forces very specific orders in relation to capturing one particular Esper and returning her to the Complex unharmed, isn’t that right Z?”
Z nodded slowly “Yes, they have orders to recapture me, no matter what the cost.”
“You see, Brother and Sisters, Z is the only Esper they still really need, all the rest of us are redundant, and have been for the last fifteen years.” And XE turned to Z. “And now you know why, don’t you Z?” he said.
“How about you just simply tell us what we need to know, XE.” Alpha demanded. “Just lay off with the meandering expositions and give it to us straight.”
“Short answer it is then.” XE replied, and he lifted his right sleeve. On his upper arm was a series of three tattoos. The first was a diamond-shaped cipher-code used in computerised inventory control; the second was an Esper Series number code (in XE’s case it was “XE-004”) beneath which followed a standardised Esper classification rating (TELEKINETIC / TELEPATHIC).
“As you can see we all have three specific tattoo’s that the Bioalchemists use to codify us, right?” XE murmured quietly.
Alpha and Gamma nodded, whilst Z remained very still.
XE shook his head. “Wrong, Z has six.”
Confused, yet curious, Alpha and Gamma followed XE’s gaze to where a grim-faced Z remained standing beside Peate; her sleeve rolled up to expose:



Z-001
TELEKINETIC / TELEPATHIC

And then below these there was:



A-A001
ANGEL

“What the hell?” Alpha wondered aloud “Angel?”
“Everything Midgaard has worked on up unto this point ultimately leads to Z.” XE explained, grinning faintly “You see, our Little Sister is a whole new kind of life form; she is not just the last of the Second Series Espers as we were all led to believe, but in fact she is also the first of the Third Series Espers.” And then XE struck a pose not unlike that of a circus ringmaster “Ladies and Gentlemen, Boys and Girls. I have the pleasure today of introducing to you the future: the Angel Series!” and he patted Z on the back with a grin that was both ironic and somewhat bleak.
“But why all this secrecy XE?” Gamma demanded. “They were never so tight lipped about this kind of thing before.” 
“They had more to hide in Z’s case.” XE replied “For when all is said and done the First and Second Series Espers are really just normal human beings with enhanced or modified genes: every single one of us was created by the manipulation of existing genetic material, but this is not the case with Z.”
Z nodded, turning to Gamma with a dejected look. “My genes were engineered from the subatomic particles up, they’re totally synthetic and so am I.” Z shook her head disbelievingly as she gestured towards Peate “It’s in his mind, his memories, I’ve seen my genome’s blueprints in his mind!” and she shivered in shock at the recollection.
Gamma held Z to her chest, hugging her tight. “I think you’ve seen enough of Peate’s mind for one day.” She suggested soothingly.
“It seems that all of us were just prototypes.” XE remarked softly.
“Prototypes?” Alpha repeated, and then nodded grimly. On reflection it all made a bitter and horrible kind of sense. “They make hundreds of experimental children, each more powerful than the last. And then finally they make Z, the most powerful of us all.”
XE shook his head “Not “finally”, Z is just the beginning of her series.” and he shrugged grimly. “Who can say what they intend the final product to be, perhaps it will be indiscernible from a god?”
Alpha smirked ironically “And how will they control this “god” when they can’t even control us?” he enquired wryly, allowing himself a mocking glance in Director Peate’s direction.
XE shrugged “Perhaps they haven’t thought that far ahead?” And he glanced at Z with a (not unsympathetic) smile. “What I do know is that before they can even fantasise about creating their god, they’ll have to first succeed in reproducing the Angel series; and I know that they’ve had over thirty failed attempts so far.”
“Over thirty?” Gamma gasped in shock (whilst still holding onto Z protectively) “But they should have all of Z’s original inception data, they’ve never had any problem replicating us from that information before.”
“I’d heard that they’d tried and failed,” Alpha remarked. “Though I didn’t know how many times they’d tried or why they had failed.”
XE shrugged “Every single copy they’ve made was sequenced using the original blueprints and for all intents and purposes seemingly precise down to its sub-atomic particles, and yet has nonetheless been completely unsuccessful.” he replied “The current theory amongst the Bioalchemists is that there is some quantum variance beyond the capability of their measuring devices, but in truth they simply have no concrete causal evidence; they’ve hit a wall, as it were, by any stretch of the metaphor.”
“You know, XE, when you’re not playing the fool you actually sound quite intelligent.” Gamma observed charmingly.
Ignoring Gamma, XE Continued “So in a nutshell, until Midgaard can successfully replicate and then improve upon Z’s genotype, they need her to be a living supply of genetic material for their research, not to mention being a test subject they can stick probes into until they come up with an answer they can understand.”
“Lab-Rat.” Alpha noted grimly.
“We’ve all been there before.” Z remarked with feeling.
XE nodded “And as for the Infants, well, as you know there’s been a steady drop in the “new arrivals” from the Creche over the last decade; it turns out that whilst the Bioalchemists have been making some improvements on previous strains, they have for the most part been concentrating on the Angel series. For the last few years they’ve been working on the Angel issue exclusively, does that answer your question?”
“I understand that the failed Angel series subjects must have ended up in the Normals block, but that doesn’t explain why there are no Angels series Infants left in the Creche, the Bioalchemists have never stopped the production line before, not even when they were failing.”
“It’s because they’ve given up.” Gamma replied “It must be.”
XE shrugged non-committaly “Yes and no.” he replied “For while it is true that they’ve put the Angel series “on hiatus” and they have removed all the other genetic strains from their production line, they’re not actually giving up on producing the Angel series (we should be so lucky). Instead, it would be more accurate to say that they are transferring their tasks over to data collection and experimentation relating to the advanced study of the Angel series’ genetic structure, they’ll then forward this data on to a more advanced lab elsewhere to work out the details.” and XE shook his head grimly “Peate has every intention of restarting production out here once the process has all of the bugs worked out of it, his career depends upon it, after all.
“That I can believe.” Alpha replied ironically.
XE then cleared his throat in a business-like manner. “Now, to get back to our primary concern.” He began “I suggest we get a move on from here without any further hesitation, those mercenaries I mentioned may still be a few hours away from here, but the wider the distance between us the better, don’t you think?” And he navigated the group quickly towards the helijet as he spoke, adding: “I suggest we all use the heli, as that should give us a (hopefully) unbeatable lead on our pursuers.”
“What about the others?” Z asked, standing her ground. “Knowing what we know now, we can’t just leave them to their own devices.”
“They’ve got as much chance as anyone else, more or less.” XE replied with a shrug.
“Not as much as us and you know it!” Z retorted.
“What do you have in mind Z?” Alpha enquired, sensing a new determination forming in the young girl.
“We’re all in this together or it’s all for nothing.” Z began “So if I’m the one they want, then I should act as a decoy that will draw all of the squads here, that should give the other Espers more time to get to the outer settlements XE mentioned.”
“And just how, precisely, do we get away after so magnanimously playing the stalking horse?” XE demanded querulously “They can shoot us out of the sky long before we can get out of range, and the helijets weapons won’t even discolour their armour!”
“Don’t overexert yourself on our account XE.” Alpha remarked sarcastically.
“Hey, I’m just trying to be pragmatic here!” XE replied in hurt tones.
Z shook her head “I’ve got a better idea.” She began. “Thanks to my shuffling around in Peate’s head, I know there’s some spare suits of Psychon Armour in the Helijet; leave me one of them and the limousine, then you three escape in the heli. As soon as you’re all clear of the city, radio the other squads and tell them I’m here. XE should know the frequencies to use, like me he’s seen inside Peate’s mind.”
XE nodded in confirmation. “I know who to phone.”
“Are you crazy Z?” Alpha hissed “There’s no way in the world that we’re going to leave you here alone!”
“Alpha’s right.” Gamma added, “No one stays behind, Z, that defeats our whole purpose; didn’t you yourself only just say that we’re all in this together or it’s all for nothing?”
“You can’t fight them!” Z replied with certainty “But I can!”
“As much as I’d love to just scarper.” XE remarked “I do have to point out that those armoured cars have portable suppression fields Z, your powers would never get through all that shielding and the troops Psychon armour, and your armour will only be useful if they have any Espers with them, it’s no good against physical attacks.”
“Their suppression field won’t be of any use as long as I don’t try to touch them directly with my power.” Z replied “And even if I may not need the armour, it can’t hurt to keep it around right?”
“But how can you be so sure that they’ll come for you?” Gamma asked incredulously.
Z grinned ironically “Gamma, after all that XE has said, do you really have any doubt that they wont?” she replied.
XE nodded “And to ensure that they make Z’s recapture a priority, Peate has put an awfully large bounty on her head.” he added “Those meat-heads will be falling all over themselves to get at her, they won’t even give the other Esper’s a passing look!”
“Then we’ll stay and help.” Alpha said.
Z shook her head “I need you guys to send the message.” and she half-smiled ruefully “And I wouldn’t want you around if I’m wrong about myself anyway.”
Alpha looked at her pale, yet determined face and sighed. “Alright Z, I won’t argue any further, we’ll play it your way.”

***

Once everything was agreed upon, it took only a few moments for XE to levitate the still-drugged pilot from the helijet cockpit, his limp form joining his stupefied comrades on the dusty ground even as XE then proceeded to press the necessary buttons to get the heli’s engines running back up to speed. Alpha then came to join him and sat in the co-pilots chair, gazing at the multitude of controls and readouts with bewilderment.
“Are you really sure you know how to fly this?” he asked XE.
XE shrugged “More or less.” He replied with one of his trademark irritating grins “I was watching the pilot pretty closely on the way over, but I may have missed a thing or two.” 
“Let’s hope you didn’t miss anything essential.” Alpha replied apprehensively.
“Relax.” XE replied reassuringly, adding, “What could possibly go wrong?” 
Alpha looked in XE’s direction, to see the young Esper grinning evilly at him. “You’re deliberately messing with my head, aren’t you?” he demanded.
XE’s grin widened “Definitely.” he replied.

***

Gamma in the meantime was giving Z a few quick pointers on how to use the Limousine.
“The basic controls are pretty simple.” Gamma pointed out, “But I’d try to avoid any fancy moves just in case you stall the engine.”
“What do I do if that happens?” Z enquired.
“You get out and walk.” Gamma replied succinctly “The Limousine has a uniquely coded optic-lattice cipher-key (which we don’t have) so I used my power to trip the ignition sequence manually; which means that if the engine conks out when I’m not around, you’re up the creek.”
Z nodded “Then I’ll be extra careful, Gamma. I don’t have any particular desire to walk the whole way!”
“On the bright side, the engine should function continuously for about three weeks before the fuel cells needs recharging.” Gamma remarked with an encouraging (if slightly worried) smile “So that should give you plenty of time to get back to us.” and she gave Z one last emotional hug before turning and making her way to the helijet.
Z made one final examination of the Limo’s controls, wanting to be certain she hadn’t missed anything, when she sensed XE approaching. She looked up, habitually frowning as she always did, whenever he was present.
He waved to her with his usual air of smugly confident theatricality and tossed a dark bundle to her with his free hand “Here Z, try this on for size.” he suggested.
Z caught it by reflex, glancing curiously at the shiny plastic bundle in her hands “And this is?” she enquired.
“Psychon Armour,” XE replied “This is the smallest one I could find, but with your stringy figure it may still be a bit on the baggy side.” he added with a grin.
“My figure is none of your business!” Z replied evenly, refusing to be baited by such an obvious ploy.
XE grinned, but nonetheless chose to change the subject. “Will you be able to get the Limo past the flames OK?” He enquired, “Providing you don’t get blown up by a bunch of rabid mercenaries first, that is.”
“The flames should be low enough to fly over by the time I’m ready to go.” Z noted coolly “and if not, I’ll be able to levitate the Limo over them without too much trouble.”
XE nodded in reply “Then I guess I’ll be seeing you later then, Sis, maybe you’ll have developed some curves by the time I see you next.” and with that one last burst of impudence, he turned and walked jauntily back to the heli, with Z glaring daggers at his retreating back.
“Wait!” Peate gasped, having finally regained his voice just as XE passed him by “You can’t leave me here, if they find me like this they’ll more than likely kill me, or worse!”
“Worse?” XE enquired, eyebrow raised.
“They m-may let me live... in h-humiliation.” Peate stammered.
“I am sorry Director Peate, but I think you’re mistaking me for someone that gives a damn.” XE replied with a (understandably) complete and utter lack of sympathy for the man, and he grinned faintly “You look a tiny bit fatigued, Director, why don’t you have a little nap?”
And Peate stiffened momentarily, his eyes bulging grotesquely and his body jerking erratically as XE’s powers once again took control of it. An instant later he collapsed like a limp rag to the ground, snoring faintly.
XE, his face unusually serious, nodded in satisfaction at the sight of the slumbering Peate. And with no further comment or affectation, he turned and entered the helijet without so much as a backward glance.
“Z!” Alpha called out of the cockpit window “we’ll wait for you at the spaceport for as long as it takes. Don’t forget, we’re all in this together!”
Z nodded and waved to them as the helijet took off with XE at the controls, waveringly at first and then slowly and more confidently as it progressed. It quickened it’s pace as it cleared the skyscrapers and rapidly receded into the distance, until at last it faded away into the diffuse light beyond the cities periphery.
Z turned away from the receding shape of the helijet, and with the Psychon armour grasped tightly to her chest she was about to move off when she turned back, to thoughtfully gaze at the slumbering forms of Peate and his mercenaries, sprawled haphazardly in the middle of the street and oh-so-close to what would soon almost certainly be the scene of a battle.
Rolling her eyes and groaning in frustration, Z let her better nature take hold of her actions, and with a simple impulse from her mind Peate’s stupor was lifted. With a start, he lurched forward, shakily raising himself into a sitting position, his eyes wide and staring at the sudden rush of hyper-alertness that he felt.
“Good afternoon Director Peate.” Z remarked, causing Peate’s head to snap around to stare at her fearfully. “You’ll probably have a bit of a headache, as there’s no painless way of bringing you out of such a deep psi-induced sleep, but I need you awake and mobile.”
“For what?” Peate demanded agitatedly “Some new humiliation?”
“Don’t give me that “Innocent & Wronged” act, Peate.” Z replied grimly “There’s only the two of us here, and we both know that you are anything but innocent, and definitely not wronged. And anyway, I simply don’t have the time to listen to any more of your self-justifying drivel, so let’s just cut to the chase, shall we?”
Peate didn’t reply. Silently, he eyed the young Esper with a conspicuous glare of mistrust and fear. Z saw this look and recognised it well, for after trawling through his memories she knew Peate for what he was: a man who had judged his life from the very beginning using only the yardstick of his accomplishments as a measure of his worth, without ever thinking for a moment of where those deeds would take him or who his acts would hurt along the way. And it was only now, with the tables turned upon him that he was seeing the world from the perspective of those at the bottom, and this had made him an incredibly (although perhaps understandably) paranoid man.
“I’ll make no secret of the fact that I despise both you yourself and also what you have done.” Z began “But I still can’t let myself stand by and let you and the others be caught up in a battle that may ultimately leave you hurt, or even dead. I guess you gave me too much heart to be the emotionless weapon you intended me to be.”
And Z pointed down the street, towards where she knew the mercenaries were steadily approaching “If you go this way, you’ll find yourself back amongst your Midgaard toadies (although you may not find them as friendly towards you as in the past) whereas the opposite direction will take you away from them, towards a less certain future. It’s ultimately your choice, Peate, and all I recommend is that you don’t stay here.” And she nodded in the direction of the Limousine and the nearby unruly heap of drugged mercenaries. “Take the car, take your men, and just go.”
“What’s to stop me leaving them here?” Peate began, with a hint of his old bluster. “I could just choose to save myself, you know.”
“Do you really want to risk defying me?” Z replied, the threat in her tone unmistakable.
Immediately cowed at such a thought, Peate nodded subserviently, and he looked from one direction to the other indecisively.
“Goodbye Director Peate.” Z began, “I don’t forgive you, but I do, perhaps, understand you better now.” and she levitated herself up into the higher reaches of the cities dark canopy of crumbling masonry and dusty, splintered glass, leaving Peate behind to choose his own destiny.

***

Feeling more confident in her powers now that she could feel the last vestiges of the drugs leeching out of her system, Z accelerated until the passing skyscrapers were an indistinct, grey blur. Within a few short minutes she had crested the last of the artificial peaks and found herself hovering over the massive ruined heap of the city, and she whistled softly to herself at the impressive view of its sprawling, yet decrepit magnificence. But as she had no time to sightsee, she dragged her eyes away from the disintegrating spectacle and instead floated over to the edge of the city, it didn’t take too long for her to find a reasonably open spot upon a (relatively) stable-looking tower, one which was conveniently close to the highway where they had first entered the metropolis, and thus gave her a panoramic view of the desert beyond.
Changing into her Psychon armour, Z ruefully noted that XE had been correct in his previous observation; the armour was indeed a bit on the baggy side. But even as she grimly noted that her armoured-self possessed an uncanny resemblance to that of a half-empty sack of flour, she also observed that there was a growing cloud of dust and smoke far out on the horizon. She had no doubt that this was the first of the mercenary squads; and almost certainly the one that XE had said was directly on their trail. And with this in mind she calmly sat on the crumbling balustrade of the towers roof and waited, all other issues now forgotten. 
They would be in range all too soon.

***

Cresting one final sand dune, the squad of desert-camouflaged armoured cars and troop transports reached the dusty highway and caught sight of the ruined city in the distance. On a prearranged signal they halted as one and waited for further orders.
From the lead car the mercenary Commander exited. He was a man of both impressive height and build, but by comparison his rank was indicated by nothing more than a simple flash of red upon his otherwise camouflaged epaulettes, there was no place in this army of professionals for the otherwise-common obsession with insignia and shiny buttons, these troops were here to be paid, not for such ephemera as medals and songs of glory.
Moving with exceptional agility for a man of his size, the Commander climbed up to the cars armoured roof, carefully stepping over the small front-mounted laser turret he brought out his electronic field glasses, their lenses heavily tinted to reduce the otherwise blinding desert glare. With a slow patient sweep of the glasses, the Commander methodically scanned the jagged silhouette of the cities skyline and the horizon to either side. There was nothing visible anywhere, not in conventional line of sights visual scanning nor in any of the computer assisted scanning modes that his field glasses were capable of. It could well be that his targets had either spread out or departed altogether, but as a single individual at this distance might not even show up on the ‘scope there was always a certain margin of error to consider, and since the targets in this case were Espers, the Commander considered this detail very carefully indeed.
The Commander frowned, for although he was uncertain as to whether there were any Espers still in the area, there was no denying the message that they had heard on the radio; and as he was just as certain that all of the other squads had also heard the message, (and since neither he nor his soldiers had any desire to share the bounty with anyone, or worse, lose their prize to someone else) he knew he had only a short amount of time to act before the first of them arrived at this location.
Lowering his field glasses, the Commander climbed down from the roof and slipped back into the passenger seat of the armoured car, with a last grim glance at the ruined city ahead he shrugged fatalistically and gave the only order he could possibly give in the current situation.
“Have the foot soldiers disembark from the transports and form up behind the armoured vehicles, then move the entire squad forward at half speed.” He ordered. “Prime all weapons and raise suppression fields to maximum power.” And as his car moved forward the order was passed on to the rest of the squad and they immediately fell in behind him, whilst the ground troops rapidly deployed from their transports. The entire group swiftly forming into a moving phalanx of motorised armour and hard-faced, mercenary soldiers, all covered by the invisible protective dome of the suppression field.

***

Z watched the slow moving convoy and grinned.
“Looks like greed won out over caution.” She murmured to herself.
She stood up from her hiding place and was almost immediately sighted and placed under fire, the mercenaries may well have been avaricious and ignorant but that didn’t mean that they were stupid, or at least not stupid enough to drop their guard at any rate.
Stun shells flashed and sparked all around Z; some actually missing her position and falling down into the shadows of the streets below, but most hitting the shield of pure force that she had drawn up around her, bouncing off of the invisible barrier with loud pops and crackling sounds to lay quietly fizzing at her feet amongst the dust and crumbling masonry.
Z grinned quietly to herself, enjoying for a moment the feel of the power flowing through her body. But she was not so ecstatic as to lose sight of her position, for she was sure that the mercenaries wouldn’t settle for the “kid glove” approach for much longer.
And sure enough, several minutes later, the mercenaries tired of their stalemate with Z and they switched to more heavy-handed tactics. They began firing laser beams as well as some sort of kinetic-shock shell at her, their impacts burning and blasting the masonry to dust all around her position. But despite their increased offensive, the outcome was still much the same: any shells or laser beams that got too close to Z simply reflected or ricocheted ineffectually off of her shield.
But the building she stood upon was another matter, for it had already been fragile to begin with and was now seriously beginning to crack and crumble under the heavy barrage, its massive bulk swaying drunkenly from the repeated impacts as its internal structure began to fail under the stress.
Noting this, Z calmly levitated into the air as the brittle tower beneath her finally collapsed into the street; she then headed for a nearby building that was still relatively in one piece and gave just as a good view of the battlefield.
Floating gracefully down to the cracked parapet on the buildings roof, Z turned to face her distant attackers and closed her eyes in concentration, she’d given them time enough to give up and leave and they’d (predictably) continued firing on regardless.
Now it was her turn.
The noise of exploding weaponry faded into the distance as Z’s power caused the air in the space between her and the mercenaries to shimmer and coalesce into an almost solid mass of compacting air molecules, any blast that hit the growing pressure-wave either exploded on contact or was otherwise absorbed into its scintillating, amorphous form, not unlike space dust trapped and drawn in by the gravity well of a dark star.
The mass of air began to take on a discernable shape, forming a long, broad wedge of almost solid matter. Slowly it sank down to ground level and began to move towards the still-firing soldiers for hire, and although some soldiers had begun to shoot at it rather than Z none had yet tried to get out of it’s path, as they all still believed in the integrity of their armour and immutability of the suppression field that covered them like an invisible security blanket.
“I don’t want to kill anyone if I can help it, because I refuse to become the weapon you were trying to make me.” Z whispered quietly “But I’ll not let you take me prisoner here either, not today, not ever!”
The (now incredibly dense) pressure wave was at this point travelling at almost supersonic speed; it covered the remaining distance between the city and the soldiers in mere seconds. The mercenaries who remained at their posts were all now firing at the wave in stark terror, whilst the others had either jumped back inside their armoured troop transports for protection or had simply turned tail and fled into the desert, but it was far, far too late for that now. The wave traced a tight, almost impossibly curved path and hit the ground on the mercenaries right flank, passing through the outer edge of the suppression field without pause as its speed and momentum carried it forward to carve its way through the earth beneath their feet at high speed, tossing up huge chunks of sandy loam with its rapid passage and hurling foot soldier and armoured vehicle alike in every possible direction.

***

The dust settled moments later to reveal a scene of chaos...
The mercenary Commander dragged himself from the twisted metallic ruin that had once been his command car. He spat out a mouthful of sand and surveyed the carnage that had only moments before been a squad of crack armoured mercenary troops; there was not a single car that was upright or undamaged, the Espers mysterious weapon had tipped even the heaviest of vehicles onto their backs, to leave them half-buried like some large, squared-off tortoise immobilised under the intermingled piles of wreckage, loosened sand and rocky under-soil that had settled over them in the weapons wake.
Their suppression field generators - though seemingly useless anyway - had all failed as a result of the impact, and even as the last of the stunned soldiers of fortune dragged themselves from their crippled vehicles the Espers powers swept the area like a spirit of mechanical death, causing some cars to fall entirely to pieces while others had their electrical systems shattered...
Some others simply evaporated.
The Commanders squad gathered around him, their armoured suits dishevelled, cracked and dirty, their grimy faces masks of bleak, shocked surprise. He had no doubt as to what to do next; for although his mercenaries were largely unhurt he was certain that there was nothing he or they could do against the incredible power of their opponent, and there was no money to be had from denying this.
He raised his hand and pointed towards the desert. 
“Fall back!” he ordered at the top of his voice. And he and his troops walked away from the city, not looking back even once.

***

Z stood upon the edge of her concrete roost and surveyed the damage with an air of calm satisfaction, she observed with approval that the entire mercenary squad had picked themselves up from the sandy chaos of the battlefield and had turned their backs upon the city; to slowly march away into the desert, their heads bowed in defeat.
“I’m sorry!” she called after them, genuinely sympathetic for their situation, despite knowing what they were, and whilst also being aware of what singular lack of mercy they would have shown her, if given the opportunity. “But for me and mine to be free, you and yours will have to lose.”
Her emotions were a mixture of relief that her tactics had worked (and that there had been no casualties) and satisfaction that she had been able to control her powers to the necessary degree; for even though she could still feel the last residual effects of the suppression drug in her bloodstream, there was no denying that the very same pressure wave that had reduced her to a state of near-collapse yesterday had been nowhere near as great an effort to produce today...
And she looked up from the battlefield to glance at the distant horizon. Far out on the very range of her vision (but rapidly coming closer) were five distinct columns of dust; the other roving squads were on their way...
Z exhaled, trying to remain calm. She had no doubts in her ability to defeat the coming squads, not any more, but she couldn’t help but feel somewhat lightheaded from the at-once truly incredible, and yet bizarre, indeed almost surreal, change of fortunes that the last day had brought. She laughed out loud at the thought, and for a moment had the irrational desire to skip from building to building from the joy of it all, although her better judgement held her back, her senses warning her that she was simply feeling the euphoria of being free at last, after a lifetime of incarceration.
“Can’t you people hurry up?” she called out to the distant troops with a grin on her face “I’ve got an appointment with friends to keep, you know!” 
And laughing softly, she stepped back from the buildings edge and sat down to wait.


###


Cover and Internal Art by George Rivers Bridger.
Original Version of Vitruvian Man by Leonardo Da Vinci.

