


Ciera I - The Colony

“The Ciera Series Book 1

By

“Mark Paul” Sebar


Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


















Sebar Publishing
First Printing 2021
Copyright all text and illustrations in this story © 2021 All Rights Reserved
Library of Congress, United States of America TXu002284522
ISBN 1-930246-73-0

Index


Chapter 01
Chapter 02
Chapter 03
Chapter 04
Chapter 05
Chapter 06
Chapter 07
Chapter 08
Chapter 09
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25

Wyler Scott Novels
Ciera Series
Cahuilla Series
CalHouse Trilogy
Other stories
Poems
Chapter 01




The snow had fallen this year 2000 in the month of Early November just after the elections.
Wyler had aged more and slowed down a bit, and his health had declined as Ileen looked on, a sad expression belying her heart.
The man she loved might well be dying as he sat watching the contesting of the 2000 election between Al Gore and George w. Bush.
This baby would have to head to court, what with hanging Florida chads and more. It was an unbelievable scene that the United States elections had grown to this point.
Wyler hit the clicker when she emerged from the kitchen. “Same crap every year,” Wyler commented as she set a beer in a mug, down upon his side table, bent over and kissed him a moment.
Then Ileen stood back, placed her hands at her sides and just sighed. “Same old Wyler,” she smiled, trying to keep a brave face. “By the way…Mohany and Sky called earlier today while you were outside,” she informed him.
“Oh,” Wyler took that mug of beer and slow sipped it.
“They’ll be out for a holiday visit,” she broke a slight grin.
“His businesses really took off,” Wyler commented.
“Yes, it sure did,” Ileen replied. “Steak tonight, I have them in the oven?”
“Great and with a baked potater,” Wyler asked.
“Yes, a baked potato,” she replied. “Did you get the weather for tomorrow?”
“Light snow,” he turned the news on, and then changed the channel. “An old 80’s rerun of Crime Story came on. “Ya know, I like this Mike Torello guy,” Wyler broke a smile. “Does stuff like I used to in better days,” he bragged. “Can you grab me another pain killer?”
“Yeah, remember, before you eat anything solid,” Ileen reminded him with a momentary wavering finger jest.

Mohany sat there in the dark prepping for bed with a nice cozy fire going. “She said he’s dying,” Sky informed him.
“I know,” he replied.
“How long have you known?” Sky asked him.
“For some time now. Last year I suspected things were running down, his loss in weight was notable. But there’s something else in play here and it’s been on the back of my mind for a few years.”
“Oh,” she replied. “Anything our Cahuilla (ka.wee.yah) friends might know about?”
Mohany paused a moment and thought on it as she turned and approached the bedside. “I’m not sure whether it is forwards or backwards, but something is coming or happening.”
“Maybe ask Tahquitz, (tah.qwish)” Ileen hinted.
“Maybe it’s better not to,” he sighed as she crawled under the covers. “Just something out there and I have tried putting my finger on it as it is growing and I cannot.”
“Well,” she rolled over, pecked him a fast kiss, then rolled back and turned the lights off. “Like everything else, I am sure it will reveal itself when it is ready too,” she turned the light off and they both laid back.
“It always does,” Mohany replied and then closed his eyes.

The original and now alternate universe on Ciera, the Ahgundy world.

Wyler was already up and the call came in from Detective Mike Liebowitz. “Yeah,” he replied as he listened, while Ileen cooked sizzling bacon and quickly brought the cup of hot coffee to the sheriff. “Thanks honey,” he took a sip. “No, not you, my wife,” Wyler replied.
A few more moments went by and Wyler rolled his eyes. “Anything I should be worried about?” she asked.
“Okay, I’ll take a look at it when I get in an hour or two.” Then he hung up the phone. “Problem at the hardware store. Service member got in a fight over a package. Not sure what it was, but Mike made the arrest and now it is causing some issues.”
“Fun day of adventure ahead,” she winked.
“Yeah fun,” Wyler replied. “I haven’t felt so good physically for a very long time.”
“The changes the Ahgundy’s gave all of the humans here will extend our lives for many years to come,” she commented.
Then she grabbed a cup of coffee for herself, placed it on the table along with her breakfast plate and finally took a seat across from him.
“So woman, ya ever miss Earth?” he asked.
“Family aside, yes I do,” she sipped it and then took a fork of scrambled eggs.
“You know that’s not real,” Wyler pointed. “All comes from the Ahgundy dirt,” he mused.
“Wyler Scott, are you trying to wreck my perfectly good breakfast?” she became a bit defensive.
“Naw,” he sipped more coffee. “I guess we make do and be thankful we escaped the destruction of the Earth,” he started eating a bacon strip, and then sipped the coffee. “Though I do wonder how the year 1997 might have turned out.”
“Probably like any other,” she shrugged it off and continued eating.

On the other side of the Planet Ciera was a very large city. This was the home of a different type of Ahgundy. They weren’t mauve in color; in fact, they had no resemblance to the other types of Ahgundy’s populating this world.
Instead, their bodies were completely a deep red skinned and their heads were flat atop with what appeared to be small horns. Their eyes had an intense yellow glow, with cat style irises, and they were very warring in their behavior.
They were like militaristic devils, always scheming, and always ungrateful of the peace. The problem for them was that the Ahgundy President was what interfered in their plans, suppressing their existence to within their territory.
All that was about to change on Ciera. An Ahgundy named Heth, affiliated formerly with Clarence Culligan’s Boomtown group, had inside knowledge and there were said to be rumors that the Ahgundy President Demetreius was about to step down for a short time to reenergize himself.
That the leader of the rebellion Awf, would be replacing him, to maintain control on the planet, while he was gone. That most of the planet’s systems were on automation and standby where necessary.
It would be a very juicy and large opportunity to tilt control in favor of the GeeLee’s.
Now it would be a matter of timing and planning, as the window of opportunity would indeed be quite small and the chances of success marginal to devastating, should their plans become a failure.
The Godumbian’s were not the immediate problem, but humans would be. Therefore, the human leadership would need to be eliminated immediately, and that was already underway.
There was also the head of the law in the human colony that would bear watching. However, for now, that factor was moot!

“I’m sure glad to retire and let Jax takeover as the new president,” Al Gore commented to Tipper in their rural estate near the Tarameme Mountains with a sprawling open ranch setting.
“The Ahgundy’s have requested I visit their capitol city for treatment on my illness. They said they can cure it,” she broke a feeble smile.
“Okay,” Al hugged her. “Then we can live out some good years on Ciera. Quiet times to reflect on many things.”
“I love you,” Tipper hugged him tighter.

Mirrored rewound universe:

The Tilmook extended an invitation to an old friend who liked to portal, named Quetzalcoatl, the Aztec Serpent God who now resided in a mirror universe away from this Ciera.
The Sun God of the Ciera system, Aneemah Hah who resided on the small White Dwarf star had kicked out the Aztec Gods never to return. Thus, Quetzalcoatl was quite hesitant to accept.
The Aztec Sun God Tonatiuh was very specific and his word counted as he had promised the Aztec would not become involved with this Ciera in this mirrored universe, the original universe.
Quetzalcoatl approached the sun in this solar system and Tonatiuh’s face grew upon it. “Yes,” he smiled pleasantly.
“I have been invited to revisit the Tilmook on Ciera to portal with them,” Quetzalcoatl replied.
“You know that is forbidden by their Sun God. I gave my word,” Tonatiuh replied and then the Aztec Moon God Tecciztecatl shot forward beside his old friend Quetzalcoatl.
“Yes you did,” The Moon God cut in. “But perhaps under special circumstances the Serpent God could visit if the Ciera Sun God approved. I was friends with the alien race on the giant moon, the Godumbian’s and they have a religious affiliation with the Sun God. They could ask his permission and then we would have a wise answer to this invitation.”
“You are quite perceptive my old friend,” Tonatiuh smiled at them both.
“If Quetzalcoatl were to visit, I would like to tag along,” Tecciztecatl added.
“I do not know if that would be approved,” Tonatiuh’s tone changed and not for the better.
“We again, do not know unless we try,” Quetzalcoatl cut in.
“The God of the Serpent’s wisdom speaks true,” Tecciztecatl reinforced his words.
The moments passed as they watched the Sun God’s expression for an answer and Tonatiuh’s smile had all but disappeared from the surface of the sun.
It seemed forever as the moments of time ticked by, and the mood had begun to change to a quiet one, that they feared would be a negative reply.
Then the Sun God’s face appeared once more and they tried to read him that instance as his was a Poker Face, revealing absolutely nothing.
Tecciztecatl turned a moment to Quetzalcoatl and then they both turned to face Tonatiuh.
“It took great trouble to restore Earth and bring us back to where we had been. A problem with this Sun God could easily affect us here,” he theorized.
“But, we already have peace right now. We would be asking permission, and remember in the old and original universe upon that planet, there are humans. They were and remain the original Earth inhabitants of what we restored here. I think it would do them good to see us again,” Tecciztecatl pleaded and a few more moments went by.
“These Godumbian’s here within this universe will not know who you are,” Tonatiuh replied.
“I have a plan for Tecciztecatl,” Quetzalcoatl interjected and dawned a smile.
“Let me hear this plan,” Tonatiuh seemed to quite down and his face now displayed contentment mixed with puzzlement. It seems the Serpent God had piqued his curiosity.
“We could send a projected greeting to the Godumbian Leader in that universe. Ask him to ask their God for a consultation with us. Then we could find out if this can occur.”
“That is a wise idea,” Tonatiuh replied and broke a slight grin of pleasure. “But will it work?” he questioned with a bit of skepticism.
“We will not know until we try and ask,” Tecciztecatl also grinned. “At least let us try my old friend. By sending our projection, we would not be violating the terms of that Sun God. If he says no, than we abide by his wishes for his system.”
“Okay,” Tonatiuh sighed and the sun blew a few eruptions from all sides as the plasma flew right through the giant Gods, ghostly outlines. “I shall trust your words.”
“Thank you my old friend and my significant other shall chase you around the world in my absence.”

In the original universe:

Mike Liebowitz had a drunken young man in cuffs as he walked him by the main desk with the Ahgundy prison controller named Kilr. “Fucking moider,” Mike rushed him past. “Open a cell,” he continued with the suspect.
He pushed him into the cell, a barrier came up and the cuffs disappeared as the young murderer rushed to the energy barrier, receiving a nasty shock that repelled him backwards to the cold floor.
“Damn right I killed that bastard. He was extorting me,” he yelled as he glanced up at Mike.
“You’ll get your chance with the judge in court,” Mike replied.
“I wanna talk to Sheriff Wyler Scott,” he demanded.
“The Judge first—dipshit,” Mike turned and walked away.
He walked out to the front desk. “I do not understand why humans attack one another,” Kilr commented.
“Well, well,” Mike gestured with a snicker and his arms. “The fucking Ahgundy aren’t so peaceful either, just ask his people,” Mike pointed at the dark gaseous shielded residence of the Godumbian Ambassador’s place which sat vacant.
Chapter 02



They had come by portal, one of Clarence Culligan’s former Ahgundy henchmen Heth. He had used a secured teleportal to bring a very eager and treasonous General Thomas Ought to the GeeLee city to meet up with the GeeLee leadership.
The general seemed quite eager as he walked with the Ahgundy amongst the red Ahgundy’s. “They are very different than you,” he commented to his escort, a muffled whisper of suspicion. “Like devils, the very human definition thereof.”
“They can give you control of the human colony and its resources. Make you their leader,” Heth replied. “This way General Ought. We shall meet Sylk. He is the leader of the GeeLee’s.”
“A question for you. These people are a warrior race on Ciera. Why haven’t they overthrown the current Ahgundy leadership?”
“They are not strong enough yet. Thanks to Clarence Culligan, I was able to arrange this meeting for you. Once you are in charge, you will free him and his family and the other imprisoned Ahgundy and our loyalty will be to Sylk and the GeeLee.”
“Got it,” Ought smiled as they ascended many steps up to the base of the chambers of congress for the city leaders and Sylk.
“In there,” he gestured and Ought walked with him through large open doors that had an ancient arch. The buildings were all red and the doors were lined with a golden edge.
They walked into this very busy place as the red GeeLee security stepped aside, and in a large chair upon his own thrown, glaring down through those yellow eyes of evil sat Sylk, the leader of the GeeLee.
“I have brought the human before you,” Heth informed him.
Sylk stood up. He was a bit larger than all of the other GeeLee’s as he stepped down and approached them. “Good, very good,” he smiled in a devilish grin. His voice was deep and coarse like he had a very sore throat.
Ought had a quick moment of question and Sylk read it. He could read his expression and thoughts and his smile disappeared for a second, and then returned.
“You do not have to fear me,” Sylk soothed the moment and he felt the emotions of Ought calming with his words. “I am about to be of benefit to the humans as well as other Ahgundy’s that disagree with their current governance of Ciera.”
“That is why I came, to further discuss our plans,” Ought broke a modest grin, but it betrayed his underlying skepticism that something probably would go wrong, and this distrust Sylk also read.
“The first issue at hand is to be rid of this current leader of the humans. Once this has been established, we can move to the second point,” he turned to Heth. “Your current leader will be leaving and in his place we can override the system and take control. Then we make fast key changes and Ciera is ours. Since we are on good terms with the Godumbian’s as well as half the planet’s residents, we will govern Ciera unopposed.”
“Kill the president?” Ought questioned him.
“Yes, it is very simple. Take him site seeing and then make an accident happen and he disappears. Your people will investigate and find nothing because we will set this up and then your people initiate it.”
“That sounds much easier than it is,” Ought replied. “The human President has a lot of security around him.”
“And…you are at the top of that security and can arrange for a nice site seeing tour for the human President in which case he is not to be found,” Sylk suggested with an emphasis on the last part of that statement in his diabolical tone.

“And so,” Tecciztecatl informed the Kaaswah, “We were invited by a resident of Ciera to be guests.” Approaching behind the Godumbian leader was their spiritual attaché of new. He listened to the translated pitch from the hologram of the Aztec God. “We ask if your people can contact the Sun God of the small white star and ask his permission that we may visit the Tilmook as we would only be in the system for a very short period of time.”
The spiritual attaché approached the hologram. “You were very good to our people, but we must always honor our God,” he responded.
“We have a broadcast system that directs to the star. It allows Aneemah Hah to listen to our words. Why don’t we broadcast your words to him now,” he suggested.
“I would advise against it,” the spiritual attaché informed Kaaswah.
“There can be no harm since we are not physically there,” Tecciztecatl reminded them. “He will reply to my words. Please give me a chance.”
Kaaswah turned to the spiritual attaché. “He saved our lives, we owe him this.” Then he turned back to Tecciztecatl. “Prep the prayer system for direction to the star and the God,” he ordered, and then he pondered the thought for a moment. “It is so nice to hear your voice again. Did everything work out after you left?”
“Yes, we rebuilt a mirror universe from this one and restored the human’s to their world. It has worked out very well there.”
“I am glad for you then,” Kaaswah replied. The spiritual attaché returned after a few minutes. “Is it ready?” he asked.
“Yes it is. Whenever you give us the command, he can talk to that Sun God directly.”
“Are you ready to talk to him?” Kaaswah asked.
“Yes I am,” Tecciztecatl replied in a jubilant tone, though he realized that the worst could come from this argument.
“Okay,” Kaaswah instructed the spiritual attaché. “Have them activate it right now, and notify your boss the Grand Spiritual Leader Oohoohmahswah.”
The spiritual attaché signaled a Godumbian technician at a large stone round console.
He rotated an inner golden ring and a large bright light occurred in the middle of that console. “We can now communicate a message to the star,” the technician informed them all.
“Go ahead,” the spiritual attaché instructed Tecciztecatl.
“Greetings Aneemah Hah, I am the Aztec God Tecciztecatl. I contact you to ask permission that I and a companion were invited by the Tilmook on Ciera to vacation with them as we are friends. We are not physically present within your universe.”
He paused a moment and then the bright light of the central console began shifting patterns as the message had been sent and a few minutes passed as the patterns constantly changed.
“You were originally asked not to return,” came the reply and it was quick and rather short.
“We saved your people. Not all of the Aztecs did bad things. Our stay would only be to enter a teleportal and then exit with the Tilmook elsewhere.”
Moments passed again and it seemed this was not working out well at all. “I told you this was a very bad idea,” the spiritual attaché rebuked Kaaswah in a low whisper of skepticism.
“But he speaks the truth. The Ahgundy would have done far more damage if not for our Aztec friend here,” Kaaswah shot back gesturing at Tecciztecatl.
The coloring of the light brightened again in the center of the rock console. “I have considered your visit,” Aneemah Hah replied to all of their words.
“You did fight to save the Godumbian from destruction. You and your companion may visit for a short time, mainly to attend the Tilmook. However, you must not interfere in any way with anything else. Am I clear on this?” Aneemah Hah added.
“Yes you are. We shall not interfere, you have my word,” Tecciztecatl replied.
“Then I leave you in peace, but only one other you bring and no more,” Aneemah Hah’s glow faded from the center of the console.
“I thank you my friends,” Tecciztecatl bowed slightly in the holograph. “Stay at peace,” his hologram faded from their view.

Wyler was in Lonato’s shop and he laid out a number of diamonds for the items he had. “Wife can’t live without her coffee,” Wyler smiled.
“Just like home,” Lonato bagged everything for the sheriff. “Thanks for keeping things peaceful around here,” he smiled, then turned and Wyler turned too as they both stared out at the many rows of homes the human’s lived in.
The once lush green pastures that filled this part of the very long Tereneo Valley were long gone. It was now a clustering valley sprawling with many homes except a distant large mansion that belonged to Wyler’s detective Mike Liebowitz.
“Yeah,” Wyler sighed as he grabbed the rest of the stuff.
“Ya ever miss home?” Lonato asked.
“Earth?” Wyler questioned.
“Yeah Earth.”
“I reckon I do,” the sheriff smiled briefly. “I think everyone does,” he added. “But it’s gone for good. Its time was up and history has us all placed here.”
“We are very fortunate,” Lonato grinned a moment. “We could have died with the rest of the system.”
“Yeah, but we didn’t,” Wyler took the bags.
“Want your change?” Lonato asked.
“Naw, just add it to a running credit tab,” Wyler smiled and exited the store.
He opened the door on the Chevy K5 Blazer and then put the groceries behind the driver’s seat, climbed back in it and closed the door bringing the truck to life. “Mohany, Sky, the many others,” he sighed and drove off.

In the other mirror universe, Mohany was seated by a campfire ring outdoors under the night skies. The stars twinkled above and somehow he felt the very distant Wyler Scott’s words and thoughts. Something was happening, but what, and where?
It wasn’t of this world. Was it Tahquitz that was involved? Perhaps the evil side of the ancient Cahuilla deity had done something.
Mohany dwelled on this very small distant feeling, closed his eyes and concentrated on things.

Back in the other universe, as Wyler pulled into the new parking lot on Ciera, he got out while Mike walked past him in that parking lot. “Some business inside,” Mike waved. “I gotta head home and see what she wants,” he rolled his eyes. “Always something with her, ya know.”
“Yeah…I know,” Wyler grinned. “Just dropped groceries off to my own Misses and well—back to work. Have fun,” he smiled.
“Just the opposite,” Mike walked through a teleportal to his home. “Honey, I’m home,” he called to her as she approached him with a scowl on her face. “What,” Mike gestured at himself. “Did I say something wrong?”
“It’s what I don’t have,” she protested.
“And what’s that?” Mike sarcastically scolded her. “The fucking Empire State Building?”
“That would be very nice,” her voice calmed.
“Well, ya ain’t getting it,” Mike shot back with glee.
“Why not?” Shirley folded her arms as the hostility grew between them.
“Why don’t you try for the fucking Sears Tower,” Mike mused and it hadn’t changed her angry mood one bit.
“Maybe I will. After all, these Ahgundy can build anything,” she became sarcastic in her overtones, playing him at his very own game.
“Naw, I’m fine here,” he folded his arms as his tone softened.
“Well, I’m not mistah,” she replied.
“This is big enough, actually too big,” Mike added.
“Maybe for you it is.”
“It is, and it ain’t getting any bigger,” Mike stressed the point. “It’s bad enough with that Whitehouse across the valley,” he pointed.
“Well, that’s not good enough for me mistah. You are getting me a biggah house or I’ll get it myself,” she threatened in her rancid Manhattan drawl that grew angrier by the moment.
“You are not getting a bigger house and that’s final,” he argued, “and I might even have the Ahgundy reduce this one.”
“We’ll just see about that mistah,” she steamed.
“Now, if ya don’t mind, I need to get back to work,” he opened a portal and exited through it back to the station parking lot.
Chapter 03



“We can go,” Tecciztecatl told Tonatiuh as both he and Quetzalcoatl faced the Aztec Sun God’s face implanted on the sun.
“What were his restraints?” Tonatiuh asked.
“Said we must be quick to leave Ciera once we arrived and no direct interference of any kind,” Tecciztecatl replied.
“That was very reasonable,” Tonatiuh calmed. “What changed his mind?”
“The Godumbian race on the big moon. They reminded him that I helped save them,” Tecciztecatl mired while Tonatiuh frowned and Quetzalcoatl turned to Tecciztecatl with admiration of such a bold statement.
“If that Ahgundy president hadn’t been so arrogant; I would have exterminated both your Godumbian’s and humans. The Ahgundy were strong enough,” Tonatiuh was saving face.
“Of course,” Tecciztecatl relented in his wisdom. He knew it wasn’t wise to challenge the most powerful Aztec Sun God. “Then we shall prep to leave to the other universe,” he added.
“Have a safe journey my old friend,” Tonatiuh replied and both Quetzalcoatl and Tecciztecatl disappeared from view.

The other universe:

He was a tall brawny man in his mid 40’s, with dark hair and almond eyes that bespoke authority. Adam Jax had been in the mid military and the troops all trusted him.
His wife Sonia was a fairly thin busty woman with an angelic but coarse personality, sweet one moment, but she could become demanding the other, prying just enough to manipulate a situation in her favor and her husband always seemed a pushover for that.
“President Jax, we have arranged a sight seeing tour of the outskirts for you,” General Thomas Ought approached him.
“Will I need the secret service?’ Adam Jax asked.
“No,” Ought laughed. “They are dispatching an Ahgundy guide named Heth to assist, and I have picked someone from the military to drive you as well. A Mister Samuel Adoo.”
“I see,” Adam replied. “Is Sonia joining me?”
“Uh yes, we would be delighted for the both of you to see what Ciera has to offer. I am sure you will want to see the deserts too, each unique from what we have discovered. The Ahgundy escort Heth ensures your safety and is a terrific guide.”
“Well okay,” Adam became skeptical for some reason. “Do we need to pack anything?”
“Nope,” Ought replied. “All in a single day and have you back for dinner in the Whitehouse.”
“Okay, I’ll get Sonia. I am sure she will want to attend this tour as well,” Jax smiled briefly as Ought turned and exited the Oval Office from President Jax.

President Demetreius of the Ahgundy had become detached from the main system as he approached Awf who bowed with the other Ahgundy. “My friend, for saving the republic, I am taking time off at the friendly invitation of the Tilmook. I am going to have you take my place, though I have automated many systems so you will have access, and need only for very minor adjustments until I return.”
Awf bowed again with hands clasped. “It is an honor to run Ciera until you return,” he commented.
“Great,” Demetreius replied with a slight grin. “Then I shall make prep to portal to the Sateelo Range and rendezvous with the Tilmook.”
“I am ready to assume my duties to the Ahgundy and Ciera.”
“Okay, step up into the connector and hook up. The authority transfer has already been approved. I am leaving now,” he instructed Awf.
Awf stepped up and the connectors began automatically connecting to him and lifted him up high as Demetreius watched from below, waved, broke a smile and then a portal opened up and he stepped through it, disappearing from view.

Tecciztecatl and Quetzalcoatl both emerged into the old and original universe and there was no sun. Just remnants of hot plasma gasses, that what once made up the SOL solar system.
There was a quiet loneliness here as they both hovered in space amongst the debris. “This was our original home,” he reminded the Serpent God.
“We did what was right in rewinding a new universe of time,” Quetzalcoatl replied. “This will never be fixed.”
“Perhaps, but the original humans are ahead of us now. We can see them for a moment before we accept the invitation of the Tilmook on Ciera.”
“You will like portaling,” Quetzalcoatl boasted. “Of course the Tilmook like making a sacrifice to me of a finger, and then they grow a new one. It is more a painless game for them.”
“Come, let us leave this massive gravesite,” Tecciztecatl replied.

“The fucking Empire State Building,” Mike boasted to Wyler in his office. “Nevah happy with the biggest and best.”
“Well,” Wyler mused. “At least you have an ambitious wife, and who knows. The Ahgundy might well oblige her. They’re a very curious lot and they can just grow it out of their soil rather quickly.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” Mike calmed down a bit.
“Anything else?” Wyler asked.
“Naw, mostly quiet, peaceful. Seems the troops, after Jax’s declaration and Gore’s retirement, have lead mostly a normal civilian lifestyle except for the moider guy earlier.”
“Whelp, after this, I’m gonna take the afternoon off, head back home to a,” Wyler stressed it, “little cabin.”
“Thanks,” Mike rolled his eyes with a smirk. “I should be so lucky.”
“You’re welcome,” Wyler grinned a modest reply.

They were flying through space in the alternate universe and in the distance were the dual stars as their speed decelerated. Ciera was now just ahead and it was sort of a welcomed sight.
The original humans were there, not that they weren’t within the mirrored alternate universe, those were the real people too, only their history had been rewound. Now they were closing on what were the old and genuine humans on the real and original Ciera.
“There they are,” Quetzalcoatl, pointed with a nose and hiss.
“A welcomed sight indeed,” Tecciztecatl commented. “Remember as guests we must be very brief and not interfere in any way. We gave our word.”

Wyler arrived back home and got out of the truck as Ileen exited to greet him. “Short day at the office?” she teased him.
“Yeah,” he replied. “Not much else happening and Kilr has control of most everything. There had been a murder and Mike was on it, made the arrest before I got to work.”
“Well all the shopping helped,” she smiled. “By the way, how are Mike and Shirley holding up?”
“Do you really wanna know?” Wyler grimaced.
“With that face—yes,” she hugged him and then they both walked into the cabin.
“He claims she ain’t happy with her mansion and wants an Empire State Building,” Wyler let it all pour out.
“I can imagine his thoughts on that,” Ileen giggled a moment, then covered her mouth trying to hide it and Wyler couldn’t resist laughing too.
Just then, there was a knock at his door. “I wonder who that is,” he turned and opened it. Both Aztec God’s were there.
“Greetings,” Tecciztecatl smiled. “We are here only a few moments of the condition to our visit.”
“Come in,” Ileen instructed and both Aztec God’s entered, Tecciztecatl walking and Quetzalcoatl hovering inside behind him.
“So, what brings you back here?” Wyler asked.
“We are visiting old friends, the Tilmook. They invited us to go portaling with them and we accepted. The Sun God that resides here approved it which is why we must leave shortly.”
“I see,” Wyler replied to Tecciztecatl. “So where have you been?”
“Residing in our old solar system,” Quetzalcoatl replied and Tecciztecatl turned to the Serpent God a moment. That glance meant they were not forthcoming.
Wyler stared him in the eye while Ileen put her hands on her hips. The human’s knew something else was up, but hadn’t a clue as of yet.
“So how is the old place?” Ileen smiled and folded her arms. It was her woman’s intuition that had kicked in with the inquisitive question.
It was clear she sensed their deceit and was trying to goad them out in making a slip and revealing what they might be hiding.
Tecciztecatl turned to Quetzalcoatl. “Tell them.”
“Hot gasses and pretty hues. The old place is remnants of what it once was.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Wyler stared down for a moment. Then he glanced back up at them. “I guess the God’s will always outlast us.”
“That is why we are who we are,” Quetzalcoatl added.
Tecciztecatl turned a moment glancing out of the window, perceptive to what was really going on. The others noted too and stared out the window. “What is it?” Ileen asked.
He turned back to her. “Nothing, oh nothing,” he smiled and Wyler suspected something. “We must leave now. The terms were a very brief stay.” Then he leaned forward, stared up for a second and then into Wyler’s eyes and he placed his right hand on Wyler’s forehead.
The world flashed and Wyler saw things in that split second. He saw Mohany, he saw the snowy ghost town of Bodie, he saw a Christmas dinner and he saw Mammoth Mountain in Eastern California, before it all faded. “Good bye,” Tecciztecatl smiled and both Aztec God’s turned and moved through the closed front door.
Ileen ran, opened the door and nobody was there, and then she turned frantically to Wyler who seemed dazed for a moment. “What just happened?” she panicked.
“I’m not sure,” Wyler held his forehead for a moment. “I’m not sure.”

The Humvee had Adam in the passenger seat and driving was a Lieutenant Samuel Adoo. Behind the driver sat the Ahgundy Heth and to his right sat Sonia Jax. Where are we going first?” Adam asked.
“Desert to the north of the Tarameme Mountains. Since you are into human expansion we thought you might like to see the large unused real estate,” Adoo replied.
“Isn’t that the Odom Expanse?” Jax asked.
“No,” Heth chimed in. “The Expanse is further north. There are boundaries.”
“Ahgundy do not lie,” Adoo reminded Jax.
“Everyone lies,” Sonia took a breath staring a moment at Heth who glared down at her.
“Well honey, in the interest of peaceful relations, we need to respect them. They have done nothing but save and grow what was left of humanity,” Adam tried to quell the situation.
“After their probe blew up Earth. It’s the least they can do,” she sighed.
“We will be at the desert after we cross the mountain top,” Adoo informed them.
“Yipee, another desert to gawk at,” she threw that one in.
“Honey, I need to see this. Perhaps we can expand the growing future colony there as well and grow in strength while coexisting with the planet’s original residents,” Adam shot back.
“I guess you are right,” she let it go.

Tecciztecatl had separated from Quetzalcoatl and he was standing before Kaaswah. “It is good to see you again,” Kaaswah hovered toward him.
“Yes it is my friend. I respect how you have rebuilt your home,” Tecciztecatl smiled with personal pride. “My significant other is down below awaiting my arrival with the Tilmook.”
“I am glad our God Aneemah Hah allowed your visit. Things are very good with the Ahgundy thanks to your efforts.”
“I know,” Tecciztecatl sighed.
“But there is something else wrong?” Kaaswah pried.
“We cannot interfere. Your God was very specific, however I can state it doesn’t affect the Godumbian’s in any way and I shall leave now.”
Kaaswah hovered closer. “Then who does it affect?” he asked and Tecciztecatl disappeared into nothing.
Tecciztecatl ascended the steps into the Tilmook’s hallway and walked next to Quetzalcoatl as Demetreius appeared as well. “You,” he asked the Aztec God’s as the lead Tilmook named Moorgo materialized from an opening portal.
“It is good to have all of our guests,” Moorgo smiled.
“A finger,” Quetzalcoatl demanded and Moorgo pulled off an orange finger as the others watched in disbelief and then a new one grew where the old one had been. It just popped back in place.
“What was that?” Demetreius asked.
“A sacrifice,” Tecciztecatl informed him. “We all make sacrifices at some time.”
“We should be going,” Moorgo gestured and Quetzalcoatl hovered through the portal as Tecciztecatl gestured and Demetreius stepped through followed by the Aztec Moon God and finally Moorgo, in which case the portal closed and they were no longer on Ciera.
Chapter 04



They were at the top of the Tarameme Mountains and gazing out as the Humvee idled, their doors opened. “Down there?” Adoo asked Heth who nodded.
“I don’t see anything, even in the distance from up here,” Adam quipped.
“See, there is nothing,” Sonia chided him. “How is this sight seeing?”
“There is much more than just this,” Adoo commented. “We have a day worth of sites to visit, so if you will get aboard, we will get going, Lots to see,” he smiled in a reassurance.
Heth quietly watched from the other side of the Humvee and Adam stared at him a moment. Was there a reasonable distrust building between himself and the alien?
Sonia noted that as well, while Adoo got the door for her with a polite smile, and Adam climbed into the passenger seat.
Heth got in the other side, seated next to Sonia, and the doors closed. Adoo got behind the wheel. Then he turned the engine over.

Awf was having trouble adjusting to the hookups and things seemed to be going on and off. It would be a problem for a while until he gained control of the planetary systems.

“Trial tomorrow,” Wyler told Ileen as she sat across from him at the breakfast table.
“Oh really,” she became a bit inquisitive in her guise.
“Yeah, that guy committed murder. Things here work quicker since crime has been almost non existent.”
“Too bad it didn’t work like that on Earth,” she broke a slight smirk.
“Yeah, too bad,” Wyler responded. “Ya know, maybe we should take a drive up the mountainside, do some distant gazing, take in the view and fresh air.”
“I was just thinking the very same thing. It helps to clear the mind.”
“Good, the truck is tanked up and we could leave shortly, besides we have an entire day to just take in the expanse and the distant Cordole Mountains across the Gore Desert,” he suggested.
“Speaking of Gore, has anyone seen him lately?” she asked.
“I guess he spends most of his time retired at his new ranch by the mountains,” Wyler grinned. “A retired man’s gotta do something.”
“I’ll get some snacks for the picnic,” she got up from the table.

The Humvee came to a stop at the foot of the vast landscape void. “Go ahead,” Adoo prodded and they all got out. “Open desert,” he informed Adam. “All this land for the taking, we can grow and expand the colony over the coming years, out here.” He took some steps with the Heth in tow. “Come on, let us check this out.”
“I don’t see anything,” Sonia commented.
“Now honey—he has a point,” Adam responded. “Let’s check this out.” He grabbed her shoulder and they followed behind Adoo and Heth.
They had walked some distance as Adoo turned to Heth “How deep are we in?”
“It’s not functioning properly yet because of the transfer of power,” the Ahgundy Heth informed him. “As soon as that happens, we will have to portal out of here.
“It better happen soon, we have walked quite a ways,” Adoo commented.
“So have they, and we have the advantage,” Heth reminded him.

Awf was trying to feel out the power couplings to the planet’s many intake systems. “Ah, there,” he relaxed and the juice started flowing again.

“Now,” Heth told him. “I can see the fields, we run left, then straight past them then turn right and then left again and back to the transportation.”
Adoo followed Heth past Adam as his jaw dropped opened and Sonia pushed him away. “What’s going on?” he asked and then started to run towards them and dissolved into fine dust particles. Sonia screamed as she too dusted and both were gone.

A portal opened and Adoo followed Heth through it and both stepped out to the parked Humvee, which was being viewed in a holograph back in the Whitehouse by General Ought. “That was too easy,” the General laughed. “Now for part two.” They got in the vehicle, turned it around and drove up the road zigzagging to the top of the Tarameme Mountains.
Wyler and Ileen drove past the large sprawling Whitehouse as a big military helicopter took flight heading north across the Tereneo Valley. “Busy day,” Ileen commented as they approached the road up the south side of the Tarameme Mountains.
“Yeah, I’ll say,” Wyler concentrated on his driving. “Well, I reckon they got some business going somewhere. You know Uncle Sam.”
“On an alien world during peacetime?” she raised a brow. “Yes, I do know Uncle Sam and I never trusted him one bit.”
“Who knows, maybe they plan to expand North West of the Boom Town area.”
“Perhaps,” she took a nail file out of her bag and began filing her nails as their truck ascended the road.

The power grid went down again and Awf was just having the worst time of it. “No, no, no,” he squeezed harder on the main connections and it came back up. “This is not working out well,” he mumbled to himself.

They rounded the bend ascending the road up the mountain when the Humvee came around at high speed with Adoo and Heth, almost hitting them both.
“What the hell was that?” Ileen became angry and startled all within the same sentence.
“Not sure, but they were sure in a hurry, almost got us all killed,” Wyler pulled the truck to the side of the road. He got out as they both watched that Humvee disappear down the dusty road until they were gone.
Then Wyler got back inside the truck. He turned to Ileen. “That chopper in the air, this, there seems to be a lot more activity then we realize. I wonder if Kilr knows something that we don’t. After all, it’s his planet.”
“Not our business, let us go topside for that picnic,” Ileen turned and stared forward and Wyler grinned, and then put it in gear.

Jax was gone and this part of the problem had been fixed as they made the bottom of the mountain, and then headed northwest along a road in the same direction of the chopper earlier.
Tipper Gore was on the front porch of the ranch estate as she watched the Humvee pass on the road in the distance in quite a hurry. She sighed a moment and then laid her head back, resting her eyes.
Al was inside writing some memoirs of Earth in a blank paper log book he had gotten from Lonato’s store earlier in the week. He glanced up, spotting her outside on the porch, then set the pen down and got up and walked to the front door.
He opened it and stepped outside, taking a seat beside her with a great big sigh. “Relaxing quietly?” he asked, slapping a gentle hand on her knee for a moment.
“Yes, yes I am,” she replied. “Did you see them?”
“I heard a helicopter a while ago, a Chinook fly off,” he replied.
“And just now on the main road a Humvee too.”
“Oh, I was too busy on my work, I hadn’t noticed.”
She turned to him a moment. “Something is happening. Didn’t you say the main Ahgundy cities are that way,” she pointed left in the opposite direction at the distant Cordole Mountains.
“Only thing that way, are a few sparse settlements and what is left of the Boom Town area. Other than that, not sure…mostly desolate,” Al replied. “You think something is happening?”
“Something,” she grinned with interest.
“Well, I’ll take a cart to the old Whitehouse and ask some friends in the military. Otherwise it’s the new President’s problems,” he winked.

In the Na’Neelah cavern, the former Israeli Pilot Captain Ariella Levi had an Ahgundy technician named Queebo by her side and she was teaching the creatures the Bible. Her voice could be understood by them all, and she could understand the Na’Neelah as well, though it did seem to fluctuate as she continued the Biblical tales.
“Oh, this translation is not working well,” she complained to Queebo as the Na’Neelah tried to understand and all watched her female frustrations. She was almost a woman scorned by the system fluctuations.
“I am sure it is being handled in the presidential palace,” Queebo calmly reassured her. “We can strengthen the power if we switch over to the Tilmook power systems which we can do from here. They are separate from the Ahgundy systems.”
Then he turned and glanced out the large cavern entry at the near distant Cordole Mountains, turning back to catch her scornful expression of condemnation.
“I hope they are, and yes, by all means, switch to the Tilmook power systems,” Arielle snarled. “I am reading them a holy book.”
“A holy book?” Queebo questioned.
“Yes, a holy book,” she broke a slight smirk of pleasure in the alien’s misunderstanding. “You do believe in God?” she asked.
“God—uh God, what’s a God?” Queebo replied, the Na’Neelah’s understood the translation, and as if in a synchronized vocal chorus, they stated a big “Ahhhh.”

They were all laid out and giant waves of liquid colored in a rainbow fashion flew over their heads and through the skies, never fully making contact with the ground.
“This is amazing,” Tecciztecatl commented.
“Yes, it is, considering that liquids on Ciera must remain underground to stay cohesive,” Demetreius smiled. “Of course, I am sure we could replicate something similar to this on Ciera,” he boasted.
“Yes of course,” Quetzalcoatl replied sarcastically.
“If you close your eyes and reach outward with your mind, the colors will touch you inside,” Moorgo recommended and they all did just that.

The Humvee stopped far northwest of the Boom Town area. Then they got out as the helicopter circled and then came to a hover and finally landed.
One of the military pilots ran toward Adoo and Heth. “Sir, we’re ready,” he informed them as they got out of the Humvee.
“Good,” Adoo replied. “We will load into the helicopter and then have it hover overhead and tether that. He will tell you exactly where to place it,” Adoo pointed at Heth.
“Your sky machine flies that way,” Heth the Ahgundy pointed. “There is an area of open desert called the Northern Expanse. I will tell you exactly where to detach this craft,” he turned to the Humvee a moment.
“Northern Expanse,” the pilot asked. “What’s so important about that?”
“It makes things disappear,” Heth replied.
“Like the Odom Expanse?” he further questioned.
“No, things sink in the land, there is no real bottom,” Heth added.
“Let’s get going, time is wasting gentleman,” Adoo replied as they walked to the resting chopper.
Chapter 05



Ileen and Wyler sat on a wide blanket atop the Tarameme Mountains glancing out over the Odom Expanse and to their right view, a glimpse of the distant Cordole Mountains.
It was quiet here, with a slight breeze under both suns. Ileen glanced up at them a moment and then back at Wyler. “Almost makes me feel at home,” her smile disappeared.
“But it’s not,” Wyler replied. “That place is gone and it ain’t never coming back.” His words rang quite true with a sad loneliness that was the past home they both once lived upon.
The Earth, the sun, everyone they knew, everything they owned, their history the lives they lived were now gone.
“Yeah,” she glanced down a moment as he popped a cork on a wine bottle. “That real?” she pointed.
“Lonato sold me this, was in a case he nabbed from Earth. It’s real,” Wyler poured her a glass and filled his and they each sipped the wine. “Adds character to the moment,” he smiled after that first sip.
“Not bad at all,” Ileen sipped more of it. “So, what now?” she broke a feeble smile. “We live happily ever after?”
“Something like that,” he took another sip. “Everything is okay now, and our health has been extended by the Ahgundy’s. Culligan’s finally arrested and in jail. Yeah, it’s working out fine.”
“Ever wonder about Mohany?” she asked him.

In the other universe and on Earth, Mohany glanced out at the sun setting to the west as Sky approached him on the cabin porch. “What is it?” she asked him.
“Uh, I don’t know,” he replied. “I just feel like something is terribly wrong but I can’t put my finger on it.”
“Are we in any danger?” she asked him.
“No, it is something else, something just out of whack.”
“I see. It’s Wyler’s ultimate demise,” she pried.
“Not sure, but I believe it is something much bigger than this,” he commented. “Something just out of place.”
“Close or far?” she asked, rubbing his shoulders and staring at the beautiful sunset.
“No, not close. I suspect it is very far away,” he turned in her arms and they kissed.
Just then, the Cahuilla Coyote God Isily materialized. “Your buddy is here,” she let go of him as he turned to the coyote and rubbed him between the ears with a polite smile.
“Isily, can you summon Tahquitz here?” Mohany asked. “I have questions for the old man.”

Tonatiuh appeared with the setting sun behind him as he walked atop Lily Rock overlooking Idyllwild California. “I know you are here. Reveal yourself,” the Aztec Sun God instructed and it was in a rather hostile tone that he did so.
The old man of Tahquitz appeared before him and Tonatiuh’s height was more than that of the ancient Cahuilla Deity. “I am here, so talk,” Tahquitz stepped up, glancing into his face with that belligerent tone of hatred in his voice.
“You will be contacted about things that happened. You know nothing, will say nothing, or I shall extinguish your miserable existence forever from this and any other universe. I will also stop those who enquire as well. Am I clear?” he leaned forward.
“Of course,” Tahquitz broke a slight grin. “If I were to talk, it would begin to unravel a great deal of your restoration. Then the truth would set them all free,” he gestured.
“I did not like your summary. Summarize this,” Tonatiuh stretched his left hand out and Tahquitz shrank instantly and was now in the palm of his hand. “Try moving,” he dared the Cahuilla deity.
Tahquitz could not move, he was just stuck right there in the palm of the Aztec Sun God’s hand and Tonatiuh relished the brutal moment of conquest. “I think you understand,” he released Tahquitz back to where he had been standing.
“You made your point,” Tahquitz stood his ground. “Anything else?”
“Just remain silent and everything will be fine,” Tonatiuh grinned. Then he vanished into the night air as the sun had descended below the western horizon.
Isily suddenly materialized before Tahquitz. “What?” Tahquitz asked and Isily turned his head pointing down at Idyllwild. “He wants to see me?” Isily nodded his head in reply to Tahquitz question.

Down below in the cabin, Sky had stew on the burner and Mohany was reading the local newspaper at the dinner table, the Idyllwild Town Crier.
“Says here that sales are down in Southern California,” Mohany read it allowed as he then vanished and the newspaper fell on the table while Isily appeared.
He pranced to her, sniffing the stew. “Oh no, you keep your nose out of that,” Sky waved a finger at him. Then she glanced at the dinner table. “Where did Mohany go?”
Isily turned and glanced at the side of the cabin, raised a right paw pointing to the east. “Did Tahquitz summon him?” she sighed as she continued stirring the stew. He nodded a yes.

Atop the cold rock at night, Mohany faced Tahquitz. “What is going on?” Tahquitz asked him.
“I have sensed something wrong, thought you might be able to clarify it for me,” Mohany folded his arms, glancing down at the glistening evening lights of Palm Springs far below.
“Sometimes, things are best left alone,” the old man calmly responded. “Besides, your involvement is not required.”
“You just confirmed something to me. Care to elaborate more?”
“No,” Tahquitz walked around to face him. “Go home to your wife and live life and forget about distant thoughts. They do not concern you. If you persist, we will all have problems. Just leave things alone.”
Mohany stood there and now he realized he was staring at something quite large, but what was it? “All you have done is to confirm what I suspected, and the more you talk, the more I learn.”
“Silence—Go home!” Tahquitz waved his arm and Mohany was back at the table holding the newspaper in hand, just as Sky smiled and placed both bowls on the table. At the base of the cooking counter was a big bowl of stew with Isily lapping it up.
“Did you find what you were looking for?” she smiled.
“Yeah,” Mohany replied with sarcastic overtones that bespoke his failure.
“And,” she pried.
“And I am going to suppress it and forget about it,” he set the paper down and grabbed a soupspoon and a slice of bread to dunk in that big hot bowl of fresh stew. He tasted it, held the slice up. “Tastes as good as it smells.”
“And why is that?” she pried even more.
“Because he said it leads to very bad things that are best left alone.”
“It seems,” she ate some hot stew. “That every time you forget about things, they become worse.”
“True,” he glanced up at her a moment before taking more stew. “But this time, it’s very different and on a much higher level than what I have dealt with in the past.”
“In what way?” she continued to force it from him.
“I sense it goes much higher than him. He seemed fearful in his tone,” Mohany sensed her frustration with it all.
“Then perhaps you should look into it deeper,” she pushed just a little too hard.
The old man Tahquitz materialized. “I warned you,” he pointed a finger at Mohany, and then he turned to Sky. “Now I warn you too. No more.”
“Are you threatening me?” she put her hand on her chest as she mocked him with a delightful smile of arrogance in this dangerous little game.
“Yes,” Tahquitz stepped closer and Isily got in between Sky at the table and the ancient Cahuilla Deity, vocalizing a deep threatening growl to protect Sky.
The moment had grown tense, more than ever before and Mohany gently reached out and grabbed Tahquitz hand slowly pulling it away from Sky who now realized that fear, while Isily growled at Tahquitz with a deepening intensity.
“Sky, leave it alone. Isily, draw down. Tahquitz, please, it will remain a moot point,” he reassured him. “Whatever it is, no more.”
For a moment, Tahquitz could read the growing fear in Sky’s face and then turned to Mohany. “I go now,” he smiled with big white teeth, and then turned to Isily. “No more,” he waved a finger at the giant coyote. Then he vanished as soon as he had appeared.

In the original universe, the technicians had Awf removed from the system as an Aide approached. “The entire planetary system has been reset to minimal automatic.”
“Good. This just was not working out,” he took a deep breath of air. “What is still working?”
“The atmosphere until the regular president returns.”
“We will have to work with what we have for now,” Awf commented and then turned to the technicians. “I still want you to please adapt these connectors so I can try again later.”

The day was winding down and now the Humvee had been dropped at the edge of the Golay Desert north of the Tereneo Valley. As the chopper pulled away, the Humvee partly sunk in the sands, sitting on the edge of a near bottomless pit.
This is what made the Golay Desert also known as the Northern Expanse so desolate and uninhabited even by other wildlife on Ciera. Nothing lived here, and the planting of the Humvee topped things off.
Inside the vehicle, the radio had purposefully been left on to broadcast its whereabouts.
“Take us home,” Adoo chuckled a moment as did the pilots. The Ahgundy Heth watched out the window as they flew back southeast and down the big long Tereneo Valley towards the Whitehouse.
Then Heth turned and glanced out into the sky. The lone weapons platform was just sitting in low orbit, not moving.
He realized it had been shutdown because the planetary systems were no longer fully online.
This was the beginning of the opening the GeeLee had wanted and with the human leadership in the bag, it was now a real cakewalk to affirm control and overthrow the other Ahgundy, while the real President Demetreius was gone.

Wyler pulled the truck to the station while Ileen sat inside. “Back in a few moments, just wanna check what has been happening all day,” he blew her a kiss followed by a wink and she smiled.
Then he got out of the truck and entered the station, approaching Kilr at the desk. “Anything exciting?” Wyler asked him.
“All the main systems are down,” he informed the sheriff.
“What is that about?” Wyler asked.
“The temporary replacement for the president has not been able to adjust to the system,” Kilr speculated.
“Oh,” Wyler became suspicious of the current situation, skepticism mixed with a growing worry. “How does that affect us?”
“The Godumbian Ambassador’s quarters have been shut down because the shielding for the atmosphere deteriorated. He had used the portal to Godumbia after a brief visit. The portal options are now also offline. He exited safely before they were completely gone. The other prison cells with bars are of course working. I must credit humans for installing those. The prisoners were relocated to those holding cells.”
“What about communications?” Wyler asked as Deputy Sniper Tammy Altman approached.
“Sheriff,” she cut in. “Mike had left, he was angry because he said he was having problems with the size of their home and his wife,” she sighed a moment which brought a slight grin to Wyler’s face.
“Well, at least some things are still working like normal,” Wyler mumbled.
“The court system will also be down by tomorrow,” Kilr told them.
“Then the judge will hold it the old fashioned way,” Wyler replied, “by the books.”
“Books?” Kilr seemed confused. “I cannot access the system,” he told them. “What are the books?”
“Something that doesn’t need power,” Wyler replied. “I reckon, one of you will need to remain here. Question is communication.”
“I have walkie talkies,” Tammy smiled. “They will have to be limited usage,” she informed them. “Without power from the plugin systems, the batteries will not last very long without a full recharge.”
“What about that big ship of your guys?” Wyler asked.
“Nope, the Whitehouse has put it off limits to only Navy personnel serving aboard it,” she told him.
“The truck has a cigarette lighter, do we have an adapter for it to plug into that?” Wyler asked.
“No we do not, just standard wall adapters,” she came back.
“Well then, I guess I’ll have to check in with Kilr here every few hours,” he sighed. “Got the misses patiently sitting in the truck, ready to go home. See you both tomorrow,” Wyler turned and waved with one of her walkie talkies in hand.
“You go ahead,” Kilr instructed Tammy. “Just show me how this walkie talkie works,” she handed it to him at his desk, as Wyler was gone.
“Here, let me show you,” she gently took it from him, while outside, the Ciera night was rolling in.

At the Whitehouse, the chopper hand landed. A Whitehouse aide approached them. “Any sign of the president?” he asked Adoo.
“No,” Adoo replied as they exited the chopper. “The president and first lady went for a ride to the mountains,” he added. “I am sure they will be back soon.”
Chapter 06




Mike was furious and so was Shirley. “Now listen,” he stomped his foot in protest. “You are not getting a bigger house.”
“Now listen,” her leery tone raged, followed by two stomps denoting her skyrocketing temper as it flared into orbit. “I am getting a biggah place mistah.”
“No you’re not.”
“Yes I am,” she stepped up to him.
“No,” he stood on his toes a moment, making himself taller than her, “you are not.”
“Yes,” she stood on hers and tippy toed right to his face. “I am,” she breathed the words at his lips, slightly above his eye level.
“Ya know what yer getting?” he drew her in, pulled her head into his and planted a hard kiss that she fought and pushed away.
“A biggah house and that’s rape,” she replied in a casual smugness, and then stepped back. “You raped ya wife,” she became smarmy as she dawned a snicker of momentary protest mixed with jest. “And that, mistah,” she stepped up, right in his face, “is a felony,” she added in a sultry whisper.
“Yeah, a fucking felony,” he rolled his eyes and waved his hand a moment.
“You can go to jail for that,” she threatened.
“And who’s gonna arrest me, huh?” he smirked a moment.
“I can,” Shirley shot back. “Evah hear of a citizen’s arrest?”
“Ha,” his smirk grew. “Some citizen,” he further stoked the moment.

They relaxed to swirling rainbows of glistening colors in a white space background. It was all breathable and watching the swirling colors was both hypnotic and relaxing all at the same time.
“Incredible,” Tecciztecatl mentioned, as Moorgo took a spot next to the Aztec Moon God.
“Yes it is,” Moorgo replied. “This is called Blank Space. It exists between two universes.”
“I was never aware of this in the Ahgundy archives,” Demetreius informed them.
“It is our little secret,” Moorgo boasted. “We have many that the Ahgundy are unaware of.”
“I see,” Demetreius smiled. “Well then, I guess we shall have more discussions when we both return to Ciera.”

General Ought sat at his desk and Heth approached him. “Have both of the chopper pilots extinguished as soon as possible. We need to close up loose ends.”
“The GeeLee might also want the other of the colony’s authority removed as well. One they call Sheriff Wyler Scott, and his office.”
“I’m aware of that,” Ought replied as he glanced up at Heth. “And the capitol city?”
“Almost ready to seize. We do not believe the Godumbian’s will get involved as they are allies of the GeeLee, even though they made peace with the rest of the Ahgundy.”
“I see,” Ought speculated on that thought a moment. “Once we have secured the colony we should be left alone, our deal with the devil,” Ought smiled.
“Yes,” Heth bowed slightly with hands clasped, never taking his eyes off the distrustful human. “Yes of course.”

One of the pilots named Reynolds was seated in a mess hall across from his fellow soldiers. “Not sure why,” he told them. “But the general had us take his perfectly good Humvee and drop it off at the edge of this vast desert. This guy Adoo was in charge of this and he had an Ahgundy with him.”
“You suspect foul play?” a navy guy asked him as Ensign Cyris of the Battleship strolled by in the background.
“Yes I do,” the pilot whispered trying to keep his comments under wraps. However, it was too late. The Ensign had barely heard the chatter as he finished filling a cup of coffee.
Cyris approached the men and pulled a chair back. “How are things?” he asked.
“Going good,” the navy man replied. “How is the Captain doing?”
“Same as usual, Cyris broke a grin. “Fish outta water,” he sat back and sipped that hot coffee. “Almost real,” he held it up. “These Ahgundy are very good at duplicating things. Reminds me of that old Made in Japan slogan from the eighties,” he mused and it brought a few smiles.
“So gents,” Cyris continued prying. “Anything interesting happening these days?” he asked.
“Naw,” an approaching core man commented as he grabbed a sandwich on a paper plate from the counter. “Same old, same old…just plain boring. I really miss all that action,” he added and they all turned and glanced up at him in disbelief.
“That action almost got the rest of humanity killed,” Cyris reminded him with a momentary raised brow of caution.
“Yeah, it sure did,” the pilot commented as he got up out of his chair. “Well, guys, later,” he broke a momentary smile with a wave goodbye and exited the mess hall.
“So, what’s the gossip around here,” Cyris pushed the topic. “You know, about the foul play and a Humvee?”
The two men almost went white. Then his friend elbowed him and Cyris interest became even more piqued than it had been.
“Not like it’s a trade secret, besides if something seems wrong, your CO’s should be alerted so they can investigate wrong doing,” Cyris informed them.
“The Pilot flew the General’s Humvee north to the edge of a desert and dropped it in the sand,” the soldier told him.
“Doesn’t that seem odd?” Cyris questioned. “With original military vehicles in short supply, why would they do that?”
“I don’t know sir, but it does seem odd,” the navy man replied.

Heth had choked the pilot to death, then stuck a small red flashing device on his body and it dissolved into a momentary grey mist before dissipating completely.
The Humvee had all but disappeared into the sands of the Golay Desert. The remaining evidence was gone as now was the chopper pilot who leaked info. This left the other pilot, to contend with as Heth turned to exit this place.

Ahgundy technicians were still rerouting and adjusting the connections for Awf, as the system remained in a minimal working condition. “Oh, this is useless,” Awf complained, as one of the technicians turned and bowed hands clasped. “We must get this working or contact the President.”
“We cannot contact him until we have the system working again. Even our weapons are not working right now,” the technician reminded Awf.

“Yeah, maybe I’ll settle for the Seeyuh’s Towah…not,” she chastised him in this most heated debate.
“Oh, well I got one better than that,” Mike roared back with a chastising moment of arrogant spite.
“Yeah, let’s see yah bettah that mistah,” Shirley put her arms at her sides.
“World trade centers,” Mike shot back in a boast. “Two is better than one.”
“That’s it, that’s it,” she threw a small pillow at him and he batted that one away.
“Assaulting a police officer,” he called and a hard box bounced off his arm, “twice!” he added and the third one was a charm, bigger and made of glass as it shattered on the wall behind him.

The night was almost here on Ciera at the beginning of dusk, as the smaller White Dwarf star had just descended below the horizon and the main star was low in the sky.
Wyler and Ileen watched the peaceful sunset listening to the artificial sounds of crickets. It wasn’t Earth but beautiful nonetheless.
“Anything from the station?” she asked.
“Nope, very quiet,” the sheriff replied.
“And…?” Ileen pushed the envelop.
“And I don’t like it,” Wyler’s inner lawman instinct smelled something down the pipeline.
“Someone doing something bad?” she asked.
“The Ahgundy systems almost never go down. Leaves open for a predator to slip right in.”
“The Godumbian’s wouldn’t do anything,” she commented.
“No,” Wyler replied. “But there are other Ahgundy that might fragment and then there is that Whitehouse,” he turned and pointed across the valley.
“You don’t suspect this new President would do anything?” she mused a moment and then realized her husband was quite serious.
“Happened last time, what’s to say it can’t happen again?”
“And what about Gore?” she asked.
“Retired, ain’t coming back. Nevertheless, there are still military. Be surprised what an Admiral or General might do to get another battle going.”
“I guess, maybe you have a point,” Ileen hugged him and they turned to watch the darkened horizon. “As bad as it was, I do miss the real Earth. There was no place like home.”
“That world is gone,” Wyler took a deep breath. “Ain’t never coming back. This is our new home and that goes for whatever is left of humanity in this universe,” and his words rang true.

Lonato got to his cabin and entered, set a pack down and then closed the door and finally sat in his armchair. He had made a nice profit in diamonds today and was content in bartering with the Ahgundy tomorrow.

Captain Wade was at the southeast edge of the valley within eyesight of the battleship. He was resting and smoking on his pipe with a cozy fire going when there was a knock on his door.
He got up, walked casually to it, and then opened it and there was his Ensign Cyris. “Surprise, surprise. Haven’t seen you for a while,” Wade broke a big grin. “Come in,” he motioned and Cyris entered as Wade closed the door.
Chapter 07



“So what brings you here?” Wade asked him.
“I don’t know,” Cyris replied.
“Well, spit it out sailor,” Wade pushed him.
“I stopped by the main mess hall today and heard some men talking,” Cyris started telling him. “And they think there may be bad things going on, things that don’t make sense.”
“Oh, what kind’s of things?” Wade asked as they both sat at his table.
“Well, it seems that General Ought had them fly a Humvee to the edge of a northern desert. They dropped the vehicle off there and then left.”
“Odd, but maybe it was some kind of test?” Wade speculated. “I’m sure that’s all it was.”
“No, there is something else going down. The pilot seemed nervous telling his friends about it, like he wanted to keep it to himself.”
“If the general wanted that Humvee dropped off, then he had his reasons,” Wade remained skeptical. “Look, the law in this last human vestige is the Sheriff’s Department. We’re not at war with the Ahgundy anymore, and the military has wound down.”
“I realize that. Then you think I should approach them with this observation?” Cyris asked.
“Well, like I said. They are the law. If there were any issues, they have the backing of the Ahgundy, the Godumbian’s and also the last human President Gore in a signed declaration of legal and law enforcement authority.”
“Okay,” Cyris still seemed a bit dazed and worried that something was amiss, but tried to remain with an open mind and a calm head. After all, cooler heads prevailed.
“Look, if it is any issue, I’ll ask General Ought about this. Perhaps the President should know as well,” Wade patted Cyris on the shoulder. “Meanwhile,” he broke a modest smile of reassurance. “Go to the sheriff and let them investigate it.”

“Some fucking house,” Mike had enough. “You always get these illusions of grandeur,” he scathed Shirley.
“And you’re always complaining about every little thing I want mistah,” she shot back in protest.
“And I’m right about stuff, aren’t I,” he smiled and that infuriated her even more.
“You’re right about one thing. I’m getting the Empiah State Building, and when you come back, it will be right heah one day,” she snapped her fingers and broke a smug snicker.
“Can I tell you something honey,” Mike replied in a calmed voice with a smirk.
“What!”
“Like I suggested previously, the WTC twin towers are better, really,” he winked. “Then you’ll have two of dem. People will come from all ovah just to see the twin towers. A fucking mahvel if ever I had to say it. Good night honey,” he ascended the stairs and she chased after him.
“You ain’t leaving me down heah mistah.” They both got to the top of the stairs and she turned him by the shoulder. “Let’s discuss this the proper way,” she grabbed his head and pulled him to her lips and gave him a deep embrace as he rolled his eyes in that pleasurable moment, while gasping for air.

The second Pilot Reynold’s was now dead too and Heth planted a small red device on him and he disintegrated into mist.
Then the Ahgundy Heth turned and glanced around. He sensed something out of place and paused a moment, then turned and exited the premises.

Wyler was resting with Ileen rolling over and closing the light on their bedside nightstand. Only the crackling dancing flames of the fire pit entertained them into a slumbered mood. “You are so cozy tonight,” Ileen smiled. “I think back of our old home on Earth in Hemet, wow, what a place huh,” she mired.
“Yeah it was. I miss the old place too, Mohany, the department,” Wyler sighed as he rolled over, gazing into her beautiful eyes. “I reckon we have to deal with all of this right now,” he smiled briefly.
“So, you in the mood?” she asked in a teasing manner.
“By God woman, you have a way into a man’s heart,” his smile broadened, while the fire continued to crackle. “Not sure what holds for the rest of our very boring lives on Ciera, but tonight we make it like old times,” he added and they hugged under the sheets.

Cyris entered the open sheriff’s department and approached Kilr at his desk which wasn’t functioning currently. “I have to report something suspicious,” he told him.
“You have witnessed an Ahgundy or human crime?” Kilr asked calmly.
“I’m not sure,” Cyris seemed confused. “I heard something, a tip maybe there is foul play afoot,” he commented and that’s when former Chief Petty Officer Tammy Altman emerged from the rear jailor’s area of the facility.
“Ensign Cyris,” she broke a polite smile as she approached and hugged him. “What brings you this way at these very late hours?”
“Well, I overheard something from military personnel in the mess hall, so I visited the Captain and asked his opinion and he suggested I come here as the sheriff’s department is the sole law enforcement authority for the colony.”
“The captain’s correct. The former President Gore and the Ahgundy President along with the Godumbian’s all recognize this department as the official and only law enforcement for the colony,” she informed him.
“Well, it seems a pilot stated that General Ought’s personnel and an Ahgundy aide had pilots pick up a Humvee and fly it to the northern desert,” he started telling them.
“Northern desert?” Kilr chimed in.
“Yes, northern desert. They dropped the Humvee in the sand there and then left. It was a newer Humvee,” Cyris continued. “One of the pilots thought that was quite odd. He was glancing around like he was afraid somebody might overhear him.”
Tammy turned to Kilr. “What do you know of this northern desert?”
“If it is the Golay Desert, nothing can cross the sands there,” Kilr replied.
“And why is that?” Tammy asked him.
“Because the sand pits lead to the core of the planet and dissolve into renewed energy in the system and are replenished into a fine dust that drops atop the dunes.”
“That is quite interesting,” Cyris snapped his fingers. “If a Humvee was dropped in there,” he started to say.
“Then it is gone just like if it were to drive through the Odom Expanse, only in the Golay, it must fall into the bottomless sandpit on its way to energy renewal,” Kilr replied.
“Hiding evidence,” Tammy speculated. “It would mean some type of crime occurred and they wanted it hidden, but why? Kilr, who else would know of this Golay Desert since this seems to be the first we are hearing about it?”
“Only Ahgundy would know, after all, it is their planet,” Kilr shrugged.
“And the pilot what’s his name,” Cyris thought long and hard. Then it came to him. “I think his name is Reynolds, not sure who the other one is. He stated the General’s guy had an Ahgundy with him.”
“I think it’s time the sheriff is apprised of what might be occurring,” Tammy grabbed her Walkie-Talkie. “Maybe Detective Mike. Kilr, who should we inform first?”
“Always the sheriff,” he responded.
“What should I do,” Cyris asked. Just then Corporal Jim Smith came running through the doors, he was out of breath as they all turned.
“An Ahgundy like him,” he pointed at Kilr. “He killed my friend Reynolds, I saw it,” he told them and outside the Ahgundy hadn’t caught the parked Jeep.
“What do you mean?” Tammy asked.
“Chased me, but I outran him,” Smith replied. “Came by and saw that he had already choked him than slapped a flashing red thing on the body and poof, gone!”
Tammy turned to Kilr. “That’s it, something is happening and rather quickly.” She noted Smith had his forty-five side arm but Cyris didn’t. She walked to a wall cabinet and opened it, then took an M-16 carbine and gave it to Cyris.
Then she hit the button on the Walkie-Talkie and both Wyler’s and Mike’s activated. “Tammy, do you guys hear me, something going down.”
Both Wyler and Mike were respectively in bed making love. “Aw crap,” Wyler murmured as he got out of bed and walked toward the table.
“Shit—can ya believe this shit timing,” Mike commented.
“You’re always fucked as a cop,” Shirley chastised him as he walked to the chair to grab the Walkie-Talkie.
“Shush, quiet honey,” he grabbed his first. “Hello,” he replied.
“Tammy here, we got a murder and something else bigger going on,” she replied as Wyler heard that and respectively both Ileen in the cabin and Shirley in bed throwing her arms up as Mike waved her off, heard it too.
“Okay honey, tell me what’s going on,” Mike asked her in a gentle tone.
“You don’t call me honey,” Shirley called out, and in the cabin Wyler turned to Ileen who put her hand over her mouth with a smirk and shook his head.
“That’s because I’m not in the fucking mood anymore,” Mike replied and Shirley crossed her arms and frowned. “Now honey, tell me what’s going on.”
“Scott here,” Wyler chimed in. “Deputy Tammy, tell us both what’s going on.”
“Sheriff, you can hear all of this?” Mike seemed a bit embarrassed.
“Uh yeah, we heard it all,” Wyler replied, as Ileen was almost bursting out laughing.
“Fucking great,” Mike replied, turned to Shirley and motioned. “See what ya did.”
“You haven’t seen nothing yet mistah,” she threatened and Tammy turned and looked at the two men who were about to laugh.
“Enough of the theatrics,” Wyler cautioned. “Tammy, what’s up, who was killed?”
“Corporal witnessed an Ahgundy kill a human as a possible cover-up on a General in the Whitehouse,” she replied. “He came here claiming he was being chased.”
“What kind of cover-up?” Mike asked.
“Claimed a newer Humvee was dropped into a region north of the Tereneo Valley called the Golay desert. It is supposed to have bottomless sand pits that lead to the planet’s energy core, according to Kilr.”
“Perfect place to get rid of the fucking evidence,” Mike immediately suggested.
“Yeah, but for what crime?” Wyler asked. He paused a moment and pondered things, that just came out of left field. “Mike, you better arm up and get back to the station. I’ll swing by your place in the truck and grab ya, as the portals will be down.”
In the background, Ileen seemed pissed that this all occurred at this time. “Okay boss,” Mike replied.
“Tammy, secure the guys you have there now,” Wyler instructed her.
“Trouble brewing?” Tammy asked him.
“The Captain needs to be informed,” Cyris chimed in.
“I’d advise against that,” Wyler replied.
“I would too,” Tammy seconded it.
“What if the Captain is in danger?” Mike cut in. “I mean he sent this guy there to the station right or he knows about it. That would make him a target. Trust me, I saw how all this shit worked in the Bronx.”
“And what did yah do about it?” Shirley called out.
“Arrested them all,” Mike shot back.
“Mike makes a point,” Wyler sighed. “Tammy, do they have sidearms?” Wyler asked.
“Yes, I just armed the Ensign,” she replied. “Why?”
“With the Ahgundy system down, none of the Ahgundy weapons will work,” Kilr replied.
“Wait till we get to the station,” Wyler instructed.
“If we wait, they might kill the Captain,” Cyris responded. “I have to leave right now.”
“He’s right and if we lose the Captain, we lose control of the battleship,” Tammy added.
“Kilr, escort Tammy to the door. Use the keys for the pickup truck and don’t use the vehicle you came in,” Wyler instructed. “It could be boobie trapped if they had followed anyone.”
Chapter 08



Wyler turned to Ileen. “Arm up,” he handed her a gun. “Advantage is the Ahgundy or others can’t defend against this, so you are on equal terms. I’m gonna try and get Lonato to stay here by tomorrow morning if I can locate him.”
“Think it’s going to get nasty?” she speculated while he was getting dressed up.
“Not sure,” Wyler replied. “I feel you are safe here right now, same for Mike’s wife, but I might have him bring Shirley to the station and then bring her here.”
“Why don’t I come to the station with you?” Ileen asked.
“Thought about that, but if the action is anywhere it will be at the station or the Whitehouse,” Wyler informed her. “I don’t think they will hit here because we are not yet a big enough threat.”
“Ahgundy don’t think like humans,” she shot back.
Wyler finished dressing up. “I’m counting on that. They don’t kill unless there is a great reason. With Awf in charge he would never hurt us and that means he isn’t running this show.”
“And,” she raised an eyebrow at him in speculation.
“And that becomes a much greater problem for everyone here as well as on Ciera if it pans out that way,” Wyler replied. “Luckily, the Space Fleet is out of the solar system exploring elsewhere except for one cruiser overhead.”
“And if they gain control over that?” Ileen further pressed her speculation with a womanly intuition.
“That’s an even bigger problem,” Wyler replied, grabbed his big Dan Wesson VH44S, then holstered it, pocketed a number of speed loaders, turned to her at the bed, kissed her, then grabbed his Stetson and walked to the door.
“Keep it locked,” he told her. “Ten knocks open it, otherwise prepare to fire. Back in a bit, after I learn more about this.”
“We’ve been here before,” Ileen mused as he exited with one last glance at his wife. Then he closed the door and she walked to it and barred it inside.
With the windows all closed up, she was safe for the time being, but for how long, and had the sheriff just created a fatal mistake?

Mike was all dressed up and had the Walkie-Talkie in hand. “On my way,” Wyler radioed him. “Tammy, get the men going to the ship Captain. Do they have any ideas on anything else?” Wyler asked.
“No sheriff. What else do you think is happening?”
“Not sure yet,” Wyler replied. “Mike, get Shirley dressed and packed. Have her ready to get to the station. Tammy, when she gets there, take my truck and Shirley to my cabin, bring extra arms.”
“Okay sheriff,” Tammy turned to the men. “Corporal,” she tossed him the keys to the pickup. “Get in, turn the engine over.”
“And what if it blows up?” he asked her.
“We all make sacrifices and there are no other bomb detectors. I have a sweeping mirror so I’ll check the pickup and if it looks okay, then,” she turned to Cyris, “The two of you get to Wade. Let him know what’s going down.”

Heth approached a sleeping Ought, knocked on the opened door after security let him by. Ought was grumpy and still in an early morning slumber. “What is it?” he asked.
“I did as you requested. Both Pilot’s are extinguished. However, a witness to the second death was able to alert the Sheriff’s Department,” he added and that woke Ought up rather quickly, as he sat up in bed, in disbelief.
“You are very clumsy,” he scolded the Ahgundy Heth. “We better begin surveillance of their transmissions,” the General instructed.
“As you wish,” Heth turned and replied.
“Why didn’t you kill the witness?” the General asked and Heth stopped at the door.
“I was alone, and with no portals as the main Ahgundy systems are currently down. I had a decision to make. Lye in wait and destroy that human witness who had already informed other humans and a security Ahgundy working for this department, or quickly arrive here to alert you as to what was occurring. I did the later in my decision. It was as human’s say, the wisest decision I could make at this time.” Then he turned and exited the room.

Both men were on their way to visit Captain Wade, after leaving the station. They drove quickly on the dark road and across the valley. Not far away, another truck was driving this very early morning.

Tammy turned to Kilr. We better close things up here and lockdown until the sheriff arrives,” she instructed Kilr, he got up, and they both walked to the main doorway and dropped the front entry energy shield which was independent of the main system on Ciera.
“Too bad we didn’t have portals that worked like this,” she commented as they returned and closed up the back area of the station.
“Yes it is,” Kilr replied.
“Well,” she pulled her forty-five and checked the safety on it, then holstered it. “I guess we wait and find out where things go. Gee, I hope the sheriff’s judgment call on those two men was proper.”

They arrived at the residence and both got out, walking past the standing military security. “Here to see Captain Wade,” Cyris waved.
“Odd hours, isn’t it?” the security MP asked.
“Yes, but he wanted to chat with us so here we are,” Cyris replied keeping a straight face.
The security guard turned and glanced up at the dark rooms. “I’ll escort you,” he replied as they ascended the steps into the complex and he walked them to the Captain’s Apartment.
The MP watched as Cyris knocked at the door. A few moments later, Wade was awake. “Who is it?” he called out.
“Ensign Cyris,” he called back.
“Oh, okay, hang on,” Wade replied as he tied his robe and walked to the door with slippers on. Then he opened the door.
“Sir, these men informed me they had orders to visit you at this time,” the MP informed the Captain.
“They do,” Wade motioned and the MP stepped back away as both men entered. “Go back to your post and stand guard,” he ordered and then closed the door as the MP left.
“This better be damned important,” Wade sighed with some worry.
“It is,” Cyris replied. “This Corporal witnessed an Ahgundy kill a military chopper pilot, the very one that flew for General Ought’s orders. The Ahgundy detective at the sheriff’s department has identified the area where the Humvee was dropped.”
“And,” Wade turned and walked to a table, turning on his lights.
“The entire desert region is a bunch of bottomless pits. Anything that falls in those sands goes to the planet’s core and like in the Odom Expanse, disintegrates. Absorbed into the core energy grid on Ciera.”
“Nice place to hide a Humvee,” the Corporal chimed in, “and nice reason to murder someone to cover up a crime.”
“What did the sheriff have to say?” Wade asked.
“They concluded a crime too and possibly worse,” Cyris replied. “They think something big and bad is going to happen and it somehow ties in with General Ought.”
“I see,” Wade replied with reserved hesitancy. He had a direct line to the President and it was a wired landline that didn’t rely on the Ahgundy systems. Wade motioned both men to sit down. “I really hate to wake up the President,” he commented.
Then he grabbed his old push button landline. “The Ahgundy did a great job installing all of this old technology.” He dialed the number and it rang a bunch of times, and then a presidential aide picked up.
“Hello,” the aide responded.
“This is Captain Wade of the sea battle group. I need to contact the president.”
“He is not currently available,” the aide replied.
“I see…it is of the utmost reason I must talk to him. Where is the president?” Wade insisted.
“I’m sorry, we cannot divulge that information,” the aide smirked.
“Okay, when will he be available, this is again of utmost importance?”
“I’m sorry, that cannot be divulged either,” the aide again replied as his smirk deepened.
“I see,” Wade turned to both men, momentary disbelief stamped on his face. He realized something big was up. “Okay, when the president is available, please inform him we need to talk about housing issues.”
Wade had purposely made that comment to throw the aide off and he hung up, and turned to them both.
“Two of you get all the crew you can to the battleship. Silent comments they are to report asap. Nobody talks, just do it, alert nobody else, am I clear. Ensign, get to the officers first, they are all still trustworthy. We sail at sunup.”
“Yes sir,” Cyris smiled.
“But, I’m not Navy,” Smith commented.
“You are now,” Wade informed him. “Get going.”

Wyler, Mike and an angry Shirley had arrived at the station. “Open up,” Wyler told her on the Walkie-Talkie.
“Okay,” Tammy replied and had Kilr drop the shield.
The three of them entered. Wyler tossed Tammy the keys and she had extra rifles in hand.
“The other deputies will be arriving shortly,” Tammy informed the sheriff. “I contacted most of them on their Walkie-Talky frequencies. All coming in.”
“Honey, go with her in the truck to Ileen at their cozy little cabin,” Mike held Shirley and gave her a quick kiss.
“Yeah, from big to small mistah. I’m still getting a towah,” she reminded him.
“Twins,” he commented, “Now go.”
Tammy opened the tailgate of the truck and put the rifles and ammo in the back. Then closed it as Mike had helped Shirley into the passenger seat.
“Ten knocks at the front door,” Wyler called to Tammy as she had rolled the window down on the truck. “Or you’ll get shot!”
“Got it,” she replied and started the truck up.
“It’s frigid outside,” Shirley bitched to her as the truck turned around with both women and drove off, Mike entering the station. Then Kilr secured it.
Chapter 09



Cyris was sitting, talking to the Master Chief Petty Officer Mike Walker. “Where’s the signed orders?” he asked Cyris.
Cyris pulled out the paper and showed him. “Wants as many of us pronto.”
“Well, that is the Captain’s signature,” Walker replied. “Okay, let me finish dressing, I presume in uniform?”
“Always,” Cyris broke a slight grin.
“And you’re not navy,” Walker glanced at Smith.
“I’m being converted,” he replied in a sarcastic tone.
“You know that Commander Sykes is laid up, had a bad fall,” Walker informed them.
“I’ll get Chief Warrant Juana Williams, you go down the rank and file,” Walker instructed Cyris. “Oh and she’ll want to see the Captain’s paper,” he took it from Cyris.
“Wouldn’t have it any other way,” Cyris replied. He turned to Smith. “Lets go, we got to get as many from the base as we can right now. Oh,” Cyris turned to Walker. “They are monitoring communication, word of mouth only, Captain’s orders.”
“Why do I think we are doing something we shouldn’t be?” Walker asked.
“We are doing the right thing,” Smith interrupted. “An Ahgundy assassin killed military personnel. I witnessed one myself.”
Then both men left Walker’s quarters as he stared at the signature on the paper, folded it and got ready. The crack of dawn wasn’t too far off at this point. “I knew we should never have trusted these aliens,” Walker summarized.

Ileen had been waiting, half asleep with worries keeping her awake just enough, when ten knocks came at the door right after the truck doors closed.
Ileen opened it and Shirley hugged her. “We got to help her,” she turned and pointed at Tammy.
“Miss Scott. The sheriff gave us more guns and ammo in the truck, we need to unload them inside and then I’ll try and park the truck in the brush where it will remain hidden.”
“Okay,” Ileen came out and the three very tired women had the supplies inside the cabin. Shirley relished the warm fireplace while Tammy returned shortly.
“Between the rocks under the tree. Will be hard to spot, but I backed it in just in case,” she informed the other two women.
“And just when I thought it was going to be a very boring night,” Ileen commented. “You two look tired. Why don’t you sleep in there while I stand guard. When you wake up, we can trade off.”
“My walkie-talkie battery is getting low. I am going to turn it off for now to conserve energy,” Tammy switched it off.
“Okay,” Ileen smiled and then barred the front door. “I’ll have original Earth coffee by the time late morning comes.”
“That sounds nice,” Shirley yawned, then got in the bed on Ileen’s side, while Tammy made the lazyboy chair her bed, as she reclined and closed her eyes.
It seemed the peace they expected forever had faded quick as things were deteriorating at break neck speeds. Something much bigger was being propagated by evil entities and it remained hidden for the moment.
Had that chopper pilot stayed mum, nobody would have known until it was too late.

Captain Wade was already aboard the Battleship and so were a fair amount of the old crew. The dual suns were just on the distant Ciera horizon with the small White Dwarf star being the first.
He was tired and in his original quarter when the knock at the door came. “Yes,” Wade called out.
“Master Chief Petty Officer reporting for duty sir,” Mike Walker informed. “Any idea what’s going on?”
“Something is going down and I suspect it doesn’t seem good,” Wade replied. “Are the other officers aboard yet, crew?”
“Fair amount sir. Sykes can’t make it,” he told Wade.
“Okay,” wade instructed. “I want a few more winks, then in two hours have all the officers assembled in the conference room, all communications locked down on ship.”
“Yes sir,” Officer Walker replied, saluted, turned to exit, then paused at the door behind him.
“Oh and one other thing. Send two armed crew to alert the sheriff’s department of what is going on and then return here aboard ship. Tammy Altman works there now, so try and contact her.”
“Okay sir, I will assign two marines to visit the department. Any time frame?”
“Have them dispatched asap by chopper off deck and return before the briefing,” Wade ordered and then both men saluted and Walker was gone.
“God help us all,” Captain Wade commented in a mumble and the thoughts of the recent Ahgundy war came to mind.
A technician knocked on the Captain’s door. “Come in,” Wade called. He entered, a young Navy man with glasses. “Did you download the codes?” Wade asked.
“Yes,” he responded almost casually. “Same as last time, they never changed them.”
“Good, I sure hope we don’t have to use them,” Wade replied. “Report with them to Chief Warrant Officer Juana Williams and provide them to her, and tell nobody. This is top secret at this point. That’s all,” Wade instructed and the man saluted him and exited.

It was all blue, all around them and every time they turned to glance in a new direction, their souls were stroked by a euphoric high. It was the most pleasurable feeling any one of them had experienced.
“Incredible!” Demetreius exclaimed. “Simply incredible. The most intense vacation feeling I have ever experienced. Everywhere you turn, it strokes your mind.”
“Yes,” Quetzalcoatl added an opinion. “But, there is something underlying it, something very tiny that feeds from us.”
“You are correct,” Moorgo commented. “It is a reciprocal deal. You gain a happy moment and the token paid is a small piece of your energy. There are many others here, we just cannot see them at this frequency.”
“I have sensed that,” Tecciztecatl smiled. “It is like a sacrifice…exactly what we do,” he turned a moment to Quetzalcoatl who in turned, turned Moorgo.
“Everything makes sacrifices for gains,” Moorgo responded, “It is of course whether the price can be met or is too high.”

“So you think were fucked?” Mike asked Wyler in front of Kilr who thought the verbal profane expression odd.
The Ahgundy seemed perplexed. “What is fucked?” he asked.
“Screwed,” Wyler broke a momentary grin of modesty.
The other deputies were arriving, all armed as the vehicles pulled up. “Now what?” Mike asked.
“You’re a detective—right?” Wyler turned to him and then glanced at Kilr a moment, then the open doorway as the deputies entered.
“Yeah,” Mike replied.
“Good,” Wyler responded. “You are going to detect things officially. Take two deputies for protection, and visit the Whitehouse, ask to see the president. Then return here.”
“Gore?” Mike asked
“No, the new guy. I think he’s called Vax,” Wyler replied. “According to what the Ahgundy President and the former one Gore signed with the Godumbian’s, Tilmook’s and others, you have full authority as the law in the colony, even superseding the President and any military.”
“And what if they don’t like it?” Mike asked.
“You’re gonna test that theory,” Wyler replied leaning into him, eye-to-eye.
“And if I get killed, then what?” Mike drew closer to Wyler’s face.
Wyler turned a moment to Kilr. “What do you think happens if he gets killed?”
“He’s fucked!” the Ahgundy replied without haste.
Mike turned to Kilr. “Ya know…yer pretty good,” Mike waved a finger at the Ahgundy and rolled his eyes with a smirk at Wyler. “Okay, let’s try this out.”
“Who is going with him?” Deputy Jim Alexander asked. He was the younger, eager nice looking deputy that could easily play lady’s man.
“You and him,” Wyler pointed at another deputy, who was a Blackman named Jim Alexander.
“And what if it’s a trap?” Jim asked.
“I think it’s gonna be a nice day,” Mike chimed in. “Okay, let’s take the Ford,” Mike motioned.
“Remember. Talk to the new President and nobody else. If he is not there, return pronto,” Wyler instructed. “And be prepared to give chase.”
Mike and the two deputies loaded up some rifles and ammo in the back seat of the Ford Bronco. Mike got in and they closed the doors and were off.
“Why the human president?” Kilr asked.
“I have a gut instinct and I am playing a hunch,” Wyler commented.
“A hunch?” Kilr asked.
“Means he suspects something is wrong,” the very tall Deputy Tim Rango replied. He stood at six foot five, reminding one of a rugged mountain man type. He could have easily been Wyler’s hunting and fishing buddy on camping trips back on Earth.
“Oh,” Kilr seemed satisfied and several minutes later, they could hear a distant chopper in the sky drawing closer. “Air machine,” Kilr alerted them.
“I know, I hear it,” Wyler commented as it drew much closer and seemed to be coming in.
Wyler walked outside and indeed a chopper was prepping to land, blowing dust and sand in all directions.
Then it touched down and the rotors spun down. The first man came running to the sheriff. “We have orders to contact Tammy Wade,” he informed the sheriff.
“She’s a deputy in this department,” Wyler replied.
“We were specifically told to contact her,” he insisted as the second guy, the pilot got out of the chopper and approached them.
“That is a very odd way to travel the air,” Kilr noted as he watched from behind the sheriff.
“Well, I have a Walkie-Talkie inside. Try and raise her on that. She is standing guard duty elsewhere. Care to inform me who sent you?”
He turned to the pilot who nodded. “Captain Wade of the naval battle group,” he responded and the expression on Kilr’s face grew dim for a moment.
“Can you contact him?” Wyler asked. “Get permission to address me. Wade knows me personally.”
He turned to the pilot who again nodded. “Okay sheriff, hang on,” he ducked under the still slowly whirring blades of the chopper and grabbed the mike inside the cockpit.
“This is Hillsdale,” the call came into a bridge monitor at the communications station on the battleship. “I need to talk to the Captain.”
“Okay, hang on,” the reply came back and he waited.
The phone in the captain’s quarters rang and Wade who was trying to get a few more winks rolled over and grabbed it.
“Sir, call from Hillsdale, wishes to speak to you sir.”
“Scramble the channel and pipe him through,” Wade replied. “Damn sloppy,” he added.
Then the call was passed through a scrambled channel. “Captain Sir, this is Hillsdale. Tammy Altman contact not currently available. A Sheriff Wyler Scott wants to talk to you sir.”
Wade thought back about the sheriff and the last Ahgundy war aboard his ship. “Is he wearing a grey cowboy hat?” Wade mused a moment.
He turned, glanced back at Wyler and the others, and then replied in a stunned momentary tone, “why…yes he is.”
“That’s the sheriff. You are cleared to talk to him,” Wade replied. “When you are finished get back here asap.”
“Yes sir,” he placed the mike back in the holder, turned and came running toward Wyler. “The Captain needed to ID you, asked if you had a cowboy hat. You are Wyler Scott?”
“The one and only,” Wyler grinned a moment. “Gonna talk to me?”
“Well yes,” he replied staring at Kilr a moment. “But the Ahgundy,” he glanced at him again pointing a finger of uncertainty.
“He’s just fine, he’s a deputy and works in my department. Loyalist of them all just about,” the sheriff turned to Deputy Tim and they smiled. “Now, inform me in there what we need to hear,” Wyler instructed.
Chapter 10



“The Captain is calling for his officers. Believes there may be bad things going down across the valley. He thinks it has something to do with General Ought, maybe the president,” he informed Wyler. “Tried to contact the president, not there and felt it suspicious after a tip from a navy man aboard ship.”
“Yeah, they had come here and communicated with Tammy. That’s why we are all here,” Wyler replied. “My detective and his men are on there way across the valley to visit the president. I am playing a hunch,” Wyler replied.
“Your men may be in grave danger,” he replied and that didn’t sit well with the sheriff.
“I’m aware of that,” Wyler casually led on. “However, my detective is a sharp guy, quite street smart, and I believe he will come back with what I am looking for.”
“And what if he’s dead?” the pilot asked.
“That’s why you are getting some of my deputies to ride shotgun with ya,” Wyler informed them. “Call your captain again or better yet, I’ll go talk to him on your system,” Wyler suggested and then followed him to the chopper with the pilot in tow.
He grabbed the mike again, and then called in to the scrambled channel at the boat.
The captain’s phone rang again, and he rolled over, and was becoming pissed. “Damned,” Wade rubbed his eyes, and then picked it up.
“Wyler Scott here. I need for my deputies to ride with your men for air support. My detective is about at the Whitehouse and he may need it.”
“Ah shit,” Wade rubbed his forehead and sat up. “What’s your detective doing there?”
“Detecting,” Wyler replied. “We are responsible for all law and order here as signed in the treaty. I sent him to check up on the President. It’s a hunch.”
“I already played that hunch and it’s why we are aboard ship. Your guy won’t find him and you may be endangering him,” Wade cautioned.
“I’m counting on it,” Wyler replied. “And I need air support for the just in case. That means a hunting party from the air.”
The navy man took the mike from Wyler. “Sir,” he asked and almost a minute went by with a deafening silence.
“Give the sheriff what he needs and then make it here quickly,” Wade informed him.
“Thank the captain,” Wyler turned and gave his deputies the sign and they all approached the chopper except one who stayed behind with Kilr. “Air support,” Wyler instructed the deputies. Try to keep it minimal.”
“Okay sir, a deputy replied. Then they loaded the chopper with all four deputies armed, and the pilot got it spinning up as Wyler stepped back.
Wyler turned to Kilr. “Odom expanse other side of the Tarameme Mountains. Golay Desert that way,” he pointed. “Any place safe out of here incase of trouble?” he asked.
“Yes,” Kilr responded. “The Lona Hills and Sateelo Mountains across the Gore Desert.”

Al Gore and his wife watched as the two Humvees with armed troops arrived. “What the hell is this?” he asked. The actions of the troops armed were hostile in appearance.
“I don’t like what I am seeing,” Tipper commented.
They ran to the front porch where the former president and first lady were standing. “You’re under arrest,” the lead marine had his rifle trained on Gore.
“For what?” Gore protested in that thick Tennessee accent. “I’m out of office.”
“You are to come with us,” he responded and the moments were not boding well for the former president.
“Who is behind this? I’ll bet it’s that Republican Sheriff,” Gore guessed.
“No sir,” the marine replied. “Orders from the military command. The both of you place your hands behind your back.” He turned a moment to the others. “Cuff em both. Take them back to command.”
The disbelief on both Gore’s faces as they approached them for the arrest seemed unbelievable. “This doesn’t make any sense,” Al rejected it as they cuffed him.
“And you said we were fine,” Tipper turned to him a moment. Then she turned to the marines cuffing her. “This isn’t right, we did nothing.”
“Orders ma`am,” he smiled politely for a brief moment, tightening her cuffs.

Mike turned to them. “You come with me, you stay ready on the wheel,” he instructed the other deputy. Then he turned and they strode toward the steps of the Whitehouse and armed security. Mike pulled out his badge. “Detective detecting,” he smirked. “Here to see the big fish.”
“The big fish?” the security guy asked.
“You know, what’s his name, the president,” Mike replied. “It’s my wife, she wants to get his autograph, she collects those fucking things, ya know.”
“There is no access to him at this time,” the security replied.
“No access to even say hello,” Mike asked. Then he played a game. “Okay, well, you know how the ladies are when they get angry. Mine is the meanest,” he replied. “By the way, when is a good time to return for an autograph?” he added.
“You might try some other time. Right now the president is on business and unavailable.”
“I see,” Mike replied. “Okay, here comes one pissed off wife.” He turned to the deputy. “Come on, no autograph. Thanks,” he waved and they rushed back to the SUV outside the perimeter.
“Security clearance, call this in. Sheriff’s detective and deputy asked for presidential access. Please instruct,” he waited as he watched the detective and deputy get in the SUV which quickly drove away.
“Detain and arrest them,” came the reply, but it was too late. The SUV had already left and as they sped down the road, Humvees with the Gores passed and Mike recognized Al who looked shocked.
“Something is really fucked here,” Mike replied “and the security at the Whitehouse.”
An armored personnel carrier was just dispatched with more armed Marines to give chase and arrest the Detective.
The Walkie-Talkie activated. Wyler grabbed it. “No access whatsoevah,” Mike replied. “I think they are gonna chase and arrest or kill us. Something is wrong there,” he added, “and I think they arrested the former president and his wife.”
“How do you know that?” Wyler asked.
“Cause they had them under armed guard in two Humvee’s heading to where we just left.”
“Think they are assuming power in a coup attempt?” Wyler asked Mike.
“No…I think the Gore’s are totally fucked and they may be sending troops our way or to you.”
“Okay,” Wyler replied. “Head for my cabin, you will have air support shortly. I am evacuating the station. Appears something or someone else is involved and with the main Ahgundy systems almost all down, we need to bid an escape.”
“Okay sheriff,” Mike replied.

Wyler turned to Kilr and the deputy. “Get as much ammo and weapons in the back of the pickup outside. We are picking up the ladies and leaving the Tereneo Valley.”
“Where to?” the deputy asked. “Lona Hills and the Na’Neelah caverns temporarily,” Wyler instructed. “Shit’s about to hit the fan. Oh and cut that prisoner in the cell loose. He’s free to go.”

A Humvee armed with Marines was closing on the SUV and they started taking fire. “Muthafuckahs,” Mike called as he ducked and a bullet flew past his ear and through the windshield. “Return fiah,” he ordered and the two deputies fired carbines at the Humvee who continued to chase them.
“This was stupid,” Jim told Mike.
“I don’t wanna die young,” Steve began with some panic in his tone as more shots flew into the SUV.

“Down there,” one of the deputies pointed at the chase below and the pilot turned the chopper. They received some small rounds fired at the chopper from the Humvee.
“Son of a bitch, they’re shooting at us, our own people,” the pilot commented. He turned to the navy man. Radio in to the captain what’s going on. The rest of you get on your guns.”
“This is Hillsdale come in.”
“We read you,” the operator had it on his headset as he entered the bridge and the officers turned to Captain Wade.
“What’s up?” the Captain asked him.
“We’re taking military fire at this bird, seems the law enforcement on the ground is also being fired upon by military,” he informed them all.
“Put it on the bridge speaker,” Wade ordered.
“Crap, they are shooting that car,” one deputy could be heard screaming returning fire.
“Take em out,” Wade ordered. “Protect that law enforcement.” Then he turned to the staff. “A God damned nightmare all over again.”
“Sir,” an ensign approached. “We just got a report that General Grange and Sykes are both dead.”
“That would leave General Ought in charge. Probably behind all of this shit,” Wade commented. “Okay, let’s get to the conference room,” he turned to the communications officer. “Pipe it through to the main conference room.”
Chapter 11



“The women at my place,” Wyler was on the Walkie-Talkie to Mike.
“I ratha be somewhere else than my wife,” Mike responded as the bullets were flying back and forth, with overhead fire from the chopper at the Humvee.
“Just do it,” Wyler replied. “Let’s go,” he turned to the both of them and they were gone as the truck pulled away from the station.
“I just knew this was all too good to be true,” Tim commented.
“Yeah, yer not the only one,” Wyler responded and they were out of there.

Tecciztecatl sensed something. They were laying on red puffs that massaged their inner thoughts, but he was distracted and Moorgo turned to him.
“You sense something?” he asked the Aztec Moon God.
“I am not sure,” he replied and then glanced several clouds away at a distant Demetreius.
“Massage your thoughts here,” Moorgo instructed him. “You might be able to locate what those free thoughts are at the next place. The falls.”
“Falls?” Tecciztecatl asked.
“A surprise, nothing like it anywhere.”
“Oh,” the Moon God replied. Then Tecciztecatl closed his eyes and laid back.

“The Gore’s have been as you call it, executed,” Heth approached General Ought. “The Marines are closing on the sheriff’s department, also chasing that nosy detective as you refer to him. They have orders shoot to kill.”
“Good. The faster we lock things down here, the better it will be,” Ought grinned a moment. “Anything else?” he asked.
“Some of the mid level military personnel and others have vanished.”
“Find out who and where,” Ought instructed.
“I’ll immediately alert your people,” Heth replied. Then he clasped his hands and bowed slightly, turned and left Ought to glance out the Whitehouse window.
This fat traitor was killing people left and right and now two Presidents and their First Ladies were both gone.
He was rapidly consolidating power and evidently, some in the military disagreed. Who they were, he had to squash fast. With Grange out of the way, he was free and clear to initiate his evil scheme.

“It’s a serious problem,” Juana replied. The officers were all seated at a big table in the conference room with Captain Wade at the end table.
“Appears a coup is in play and they are killing off the true law and order there,” Walker commented. “So what do we do?”
“First things first Mister Walker, we evacuate who remains then hightail it out of here,” Wade commented.
“To where?” Cyris asked.
“At this point, we are at war again, with our own and perhaps an outside influence behind this,” Wade speculated.
“Ahgundy?” Walker asked.
“I am not sure,” Wade replied.
“Godumbian’s?” Juana speculated with skepticism in her tone.
“No,” Wade turned to her. “They are very religious and to themselves. Maybe someone else.”
“Aztecs?” Mike questioned on speculation as a longshot.
“Haven’t seen them for a while,” Wade told them. “I think the first thing we do is contact that chopper. They have direct contact somehow to the sheriff and there we get a better idea who may be behind all of this mayhem.”
“Orders?” Juana asked.
“General alert, power up, contact the sheriff through that chopper,” Wade ordered. “Get communications in a two way here,” Wade called and Walker got up, dialed a phone.
“Pipe two-way into the conference, the Captain requests it.”
“This is communications Captain,” the operator replied.
“Get communications with that chopper right now,” he instructed, “pipe them through to here.”
“Okay sir,” he replied

The Humvee flew off the road and into a ditch as the SUV, all shot up, continued on.
“This is the Captain, I need status and communication to the sheriff,” Wayne told them.
The pilot turned to a deputy with his Walkie-Talkie. “Captain wants to speak to the sheriff.”
“I don’t have a direct connection but can talk to the car below,” he replied.
“Tell them to inform us of a rendezvous place with the sheriff, we need to pick him up there,” Wade called.
“Did you hear that?” the pilot asked. “They want to get in touch with the car to let the sheriff know. They need to pick him up.”
“Hang on a second,” the deputy pulled the antennae up. “Detective are you there?” he called.
“Yeah I’m fucking here,” Mike replied with the chopper overhead above them.
“My God, that language,” Juana put her hand over her mouth while Cyris smirked in the background. They all heard this on their speaker with a lot of other noise.
“Detective, they want to get in touch with the sheriff,” he called back.
“Going to his cabin,” Mike replied.
“Did they get that?” the deputy asked the pilot.
“Yeah we did,” Wade replied. “I know where that is located. Can we meet the sheriff there?”
“I’ll ask,” the deputy replied.
“Detective, they want to float their ship to the cabin and meet the sheriff there,” the deputy told Mike.
“Heading there now, bring the choppa, just follow us,” Mike replied and not far behind them were two more Humvees, loaded with Marines trailing in the distance, following the chopper in the sky with a large truck of them tailing in the background.

Wyler pulled the truck up and they got out. “I’ll get them,” he commented, “their radio ain’t been answering.” He got out and ran to the door. Then he gave it ten knocks and a yawning Ileen answered it.
“We’re leaving,” Wyler informed them. “Now. Is your radio turned off?” he asked as Tammy emerged in her underwear and Shirley was snoring on the bed.
“Oh, I had forgotten to turn it on, was saving power,” Tammy smiled in embarrassment.
“The other one, where is she?” Wyler asked. “Her husband is coming here shortly and they are taking fire.”

“Yeah, yeah, just up ahead,” Mike replied. Then he turned the dial for Wyler. “Sheriff, more coming behind us,” he yelled. “Marines trying to kill us.”
“Are you outrunning them?” Wyler asked and they all heard it through the Walkie-Talkie chatter being piped through.
“Choppa overhead, protected us, following along,” Mike replied.

“Mike are we up and running yet?” Wade asked Walker.
“Yes we are,” he replied but the main jump system is not cranked up yet,” he replied. “We can still float there,” he added.
“Okay,” Wade instructed. “The open meadows of the valley and rock outcroppings. Pin it on the map and have them navigate there as quickly as possible.”
Then Wade turned to Cyris. “Get all armaments ready, but do not sound battle stations as of yet.”
“Pilot, tell them we will try and get there as quickly as possible,” Wade informed him. “To the meadows area.”
“Sheriff, they are going to try and get a ship to your cabin, but these pricks are closing on us, I don’t think there will be time to evacuate safely.”
“How much fuel in your SUV, can you get forty miles out of it?” Wyler asked.
“No,” Mike replied. “I think they shot our gas tank out.”
Wyler ran through the open door. “Gas tank on the pickup. How full is it?” he called and the Deputy reached over, turned the key.
“Quite a bit,” he called back.
“Mike,” he radioed in. “Have the chopper forward ahead, and pick up the ladies, flying to the boat deck. As soon as you get here, we have a pickup, hop in the bed with whatever arms you can bring. Tell them to meet up by the Na’Neelah caverns in the Lona Hills.”
“Got it boss. I’m just glad I don’t have to hear my wife bitch about her tower,” he replied and they all heard that. So did a yawning Shirley half dressed.
“You tell him no towah, he’s not going to stay married very long,” she threatened, as it was being broadcast everywhere.
“Fuck her tower, just get her on that choppa,” Mike demanded. “Hey copter, tell them the Lona Hills caverns,” Mike called.
“Thanks pilot,” Wade replied. “Prep for a soft forward deck landing by helicopter and guests,” Wade instructed the bridge command.
Chapter 12



Awf had about given up when things went from bad to worse. “Yes,” he was becoming frustrated as the technicians approached.
“A real mess adapting to you,” he informed Awf. “The prison system is going down too,” he commented, “as well as gravity enhancement and some security.”
“Why don’t we just shut everything down,” he commented in disgust.

Clarence Culligan turned to his son as one of the renegade Ahgundy’s in prison approached. “Yes,” he glanced up at the alien.
“We can leave,” the Ahgundy told him. “And they can’t stop us. Their weapons no longer work.”
“You don’t say,” Clarence broke a Cheshire grin for the moment. He turned to Seth his son. “Our lucky moment has have arrived son.”
“I want that damned sheriff,” Seth replied in an angered psychotic tone.
Clarence turned to the Ahgundy. “Who made this happen?”
“They say the presidential replacement is not working with the system. No president, no system.”
“Ya hear that,” Clarence called to Seth. “Let’s go get your sister.” Then he turned to the Ahgundy, “and the rest of our family,” he smiled. “And then let us find someone else that is friendly to our business way of life,” his smile broadened. “Like red devil’s. We need to reward our expanded family and our three starred friend.”
“And what about my sheriff?” Seth couldn’t hold back.
“The last time you tried him, he put you down with no effort,” Clarence belittled Seth. “Right on your ass!”
“The last time I tried pop, I wasn’t trying to kill him.”
“And that’s why you lost your big opportunity. Maybe in your ignorance, you’ll learn to think better before you speak. Now go get your sister, then the both of you meet me in the east tunnel. Without weapons, we can take down their security.”
“It’s even better than that. The security has no distant communication. Everything is down,” the Ahgundy informed him.

The chopper had landed at the cabin. Wyler and the deputy helped the women into it. Just off the plains across the near desert, the battleship slowed and hovered. “Land on the front deck and then offload.”
“I love you,” Ileen kissed him one last time and they pulled her back from the opened door.
Wyler turned to the pilot. “You guys got a flare gun in here?”
“Yes we do,” he replied.
“Great, I need it,” he told him.
The pilot turned to a deputy. “In the overhead, above her head,” he pointed at Shirley.
He opened it as she ducked and grabbed the flare gun and handed it and some flares to Wyler who took them.
“Have them in two minutes, sure you don’t want us to come back?” the pilot asked.
“Nope,” Wyler replied. Then he stepped back and the chopper took to the air. He turned to the deputy. “In the shed behind the cabin, a 5 gallon jeep can has gas. Go grab it and watch your back.”
“Okay sheriff,” he went and in a few minutes came back with it.
“Kilr, this is kind of heavy, can you help lift it in the back?”
Kilr lifted it with one arm. “Is this okay?” he asked.
“Where are ya?” Wyler was on the Walkie-Talkie with Mike.
“Edge of the meadows and coming fast, they are right behind us.”
“Hurry,” Wyler told him.
“Less than five minutes,” Mike replied. He glanced in what was left of the side view mirror. “Less than a minute after we get out, so we move fast.”

Wyler drove across the meadows and took one last look at the cabin. Then through the open back window, he motioned and the both of them, the deputy and Kilr popped the top and dumped gas over the tail of their truck onto the ground as Wyler beelined it.
Then the sheriff turned the truck around from a distance spotting Mike’s vehicle, and way off behind them, the Humvees. He punched it and got back to nearby the cabin as they had chucked the empty can over the edge.
Then Wyler stopped and waited and all hell was coming their way again. He watched in the rearview, and Mike’s SUV skidded to a stop. They were out of it fast, hopping into the pickup bed.
“Did you detect anything?” Wyler asked.
“Shit,” Mike responded. “Here they come, let’s get the fuck outta hear.”
Wyler pulled forward, stopped and turned the flare gun at the SUV which was sitting over the gas. “Duck,” the sheriff called as the Humvees rapidly closed on their position.
They all ducked, he shot the flare at the foot of the vehicle and it caught fire and the entire line of gasoline lit up a firewall, then Wyler punched it and the pickup rolled into the open Gore desert with the distant ship, and beyond that, the small Lona Hills for a rendezvous.
The pickup was speeding away and the fire delayed the Marines behind the line as the Battleship was now turning around over the desert.
“Welcome aboard ladies,” Cyris smiled. As he walked them below deck, the chopper anchored on the end of the ship.
Wyler knew they were secured, he sped towards that safety and the big ship sailed away, much faster than they were driving.
“You know they’re gonna come after us,” Mike notified the sheriff.
“Yes they will. They are gonna have to take out that big ship and it might be a problem for them.”

Heth approached Ought. “They have a large craft over the desert. It belongs to the humans.”
“Okay, we need to get a crew onto that space cruiser. “Have them shuttle a team aboard and get it operational with Captain Tarot,” he commented. “I sure hope our red friends arrive, cause it gets worse by the moment.”
“The GeeLee like all Ahgundy are of their word. They do exactly what they say they will do.”
“Good,” the general smiled a moment with doubts. “In addition, get air support going against that Battleship and also to backup the ground teams. We must capture and then exterminate the Sheriff and his deputies if we are to succeed.”

Clarence and the others had made their way down the left exit and the Ahgundy were nowhere to be found. “This is too easy,” he boasted in momentary suspicion.
“I don’t like it either,” Seth replied. “How do we know, that there sheriff ain’t hiding somewhere just to arrest us again?”
Angie broke a sudden burst of laughter in disbelief. “He likes to think,” Clarence pointed at Seth. “The last time he was thinking was with a puffed lip…and on his butt. The brains are down there. C’mon, let us go from these mountains.”

They were closing on the distant Lona Hills and the tiny silhouette of the Battleship was within sight. “How long?” Mike asked Wyler through the window of the cab.
“Fifteen minutes, maybe less at the speed we’re driving,” Wyler replied. Off to the left were those big deadly Ostrich creatures and they seemed to be trying to pace the pickup.
In the distance, as Mike was tapped on the shoulder by Deputy Jim, were two growing jet trails in the sky and coming slower behind them was a chopper.
“We got company,” Mike called to Wyler.
“Hang on,” Wyler replied. He spotted the jets in the rear view mirror and then the side mirror and they were closing fast. “Oh hell,” Wyler was driving as fast as he dared with the passengers in the truck.
Further back were several dots and those were the ground crews on their way for them. “Problems,” Tim turned and grinned.
“No shit,” Wyler replied.

They called Captain Wade in conference. “Incoming…radar has three bogies incoming on attack vector,” the bridge notified him.
“I’m coming up,” Wade replied, and then turned to the rest of the officers. “Well, here it comes,” he grimaced. “War all over again.”
Ileen and the ladies were secured below in quarters as the crew became active. She stopped one of the crewmembers outside the door as the other two ladies waited. “What’s going on,” she asked with the klaxon sounding.
“Battle stations ma`am,” he replied and then added. “Best you all hunker down in here and close the door.”
Tammy stepped past them and closed the door. Meanwhile up top in the bridge, Captain Wade entered as one of the pilot’s from the distant closing fighter jets radioed in.
“This is eagle one. You are hereby ordered back to the colony where you are subject to arrest. This is the only warning. If you do not comply you will be engaged.”
“Captain,” Juana approached him on the bridge.
“Like hell we’re going to surrender. Open fire on those two jets, and then make a large jump across to the Osposay Desert.”
“Well, we’re sure as hell in it now,” Walker commented and the battleship sent the missiles up as the jets flew past where Wyler and the others were driving, meanwhile the chopper in the distance was quickly closing on their position.
The missiles flew at the jets that shot flares and evaded them and kept going, opened fire and the Battleship was gone in the blink of an eye.
“What da fuck?” Mike just commented watching the action from over the roof of the cab.

At the edge of the caverns, former Israeli Pilot Ariella Levi stood with the Ahgundy Queebo and a bunch of Na’Neelah behind her. She had them speaking Hebrew and English. She turned to Queebo. “That big ship, they were under attack from those fighters,” she pointed as they flew past the Lona Hills heading for the Sateelo Mountains to the East.
“I am not sure, but communications through the Ahgundy systems are all down. Luckily, the Na’Neelah’s get their own power source through the Tilmook systems; otherwise we would be without power.”
“What’s that?” Ariella asked Queebo.
“It looks like ground transportation and a flying machine of the humans chasing behind it,” Queebo replied.
“I wonder if they are in trouble?” She speculated. “Perhaps they are running from a tyranny. Do you think it is the Ahgundy’s,” she asked her guy.
“No,” he replied. “We have been at peace. This may be something else.”

The Lona Hills weren’t far now and those deadly ostrich creatures were still trying to keep pace with them but had fallen behind, though the chopper gunship was definitely very close and the seconds were ticking away.
Then it fired a missile ahead of the truck and Wyler took a hard right and the chopper swung about, then fired again and Wyler took a hard left realizing these were warning shots.

“We got to do something,” Ariella turned to the Na’Neelah’s.
“I know,” Queebo replied. “Let me see if I can pull up a sky grid off the Tilmook power supply. I have a low level access to their weapons.”
He rotated a translucent dial in thin air and a multicolored grid came up as a hologram. She turned to him as a viewer opened in the center of it.
Wyler took another hard left back on course toward the hills and then he saw the chopper light up, slammed on the brakes, flipped his door open.
“Git da fuck outta here,” Mike called as they went over the sides and ran with a missile that suddenly blew the pickup to bits.
The chopper swung around as they all drew guns. In the distance, the ground vehicles were closing on their position. “You and your department are under arrest sheriff, put your guns down,” the female pilot commanded on a loud speaker from the chopper.
Chapter 13



“What do ya say?” Mike was out of breath standing next to the sheriff with his Dan Wesson forty-four magnum aimed at the chopper. The sheriff realized it was a fortified cockpit on an army chopper so the chances were almost nil this would work.
“I say we have issues,” Wyler began to withdraw his gun with the military personnel closing as well as the deadly creatures from the side.
This was growing worse by the moment. “I’ll tell you what I say,” Jim stepped up next to them. “Seems they’re going to ace us out either way, why not go down fighting, just like in my old homeboy town of Compton,” he lifted his gun and the chopper shot him dead, right next to the rest of the scattering men.
There was a sudden flash from the Lona Hills behind them and a beehive of dissolve crystals had locked onto the chopper. “What the fuck are those?” Mike pointed.
“I heard about these before,” Wyler responded. “I think they are an Ahgundy weapon,” he speculated.
“That’s exactly what they are,” Kilr stepped past the sheriff. “If our main systems are down, the question is who sent them and how? They can only be initiated through a lower grade weapons grid.”
The chopper just swung around as the crystals hit and disolved it in the air with the vehicles coming fast.
Then they heard the distant sounds of something running. It was many Na’Neelah’s coming their way. One of the Na’Neelah’s had a human in its hand as it ran leading the pack.
The ostrich creatures turned at the sight of the Na’Neelah’s and headed in the opposite direction. It seemed they were somehow deterred by the large blue creatures.
“They can move fast, can’t they,” Mike smirked as he and the others holstered their weapons.
Then the creatures came to a halt as the lead one set Ariella down. “Long time sheriff,” she smirked. “What is happening?”
“Someone bad took over the human colony and is trying to kill us,” Wyler replied.
The Lead Na’Neelah bent its neck so it could see what was coming towards them. It was the military vehicles and they were closing fast. “We take them, we go now,” the creature spoke English in a crude way.
“I have been training them of our languages,” Ariella boasted. “But, we should retreat to the caverns. The Ahgundy Queebo there can protect us once we are inside.”
“Okay everyone,” Wyler told them. Then the Na’Neelah’s grabbed them all including Kilr and turned and ran towards their caverns and the safety of the Lona Hills, while the military vehicles passed the smoldering wreckage of the pickup truck.

The shuttle was ascending into the sky with a quickly assembled ragtag crew of traitors bound for the orbiting star cruiser.
Heth approached General Ought. “Status,” the general demanded.
“The ship escaped but is still being pursued. They fired upon your air machines. As for the ground assault we have taken over the colony though some holdouts on the outskirts may have escaped.”
“And the sheriff?” Ought asked.
“That status is still awaiting confirmation though your flying machine and the ground crews are in pursuit, as you ordered.”
“They must get him,” Ought commented with a clenched fist.
“Some of your troops are questioning what is happening,” Heth added.
“They are to be arrested and executed immediately as enemy combatants,” Ought replied in a stern tone of disciplinary animosity.
“As you wish,” Heth clasped his hands and bowed slightly for a moment and he could see this rather irked the human General Ought. There was a slight mistrust growing here between the both of them.

The GeeLee leader Sylk sat on his throne chair when Jonna, his lieutenant approached. “As soon as we take the lead Ahgundy city, the first order of business will be to send a floater into orbit and begin a sterilization of the human sub-atomic structure.”
“Are we to notify them?”
“No,” Sylk glanced down at Jonna. “Let it be a surprise as they begin to dissolve into nothing. Besides, we do not need a species that destroys itself so easily.”
“What about the Godumbian’s?”
“I have plans for them too,” Sylk mused at the momentary petty and self aggrandizing thought. “Ciera belongs to the GeeLee with the Ahgundy and Tilmook among others—under our control.”
“The Tilmook could be a much greater threat,” Jonna suggested.
“Once we are in full control, we shall deal with that,” Sylk replied. “It is almost time to take that control while we still can.”

They were in the cave, while the entry was sealed by a Tilmook shield system, with the Humvees and other personnel carrier rolling up.
Wyler turned to Ariella with a broad momentary smile. “We have to quit meeting like this young lady. I’m a happily married man.”
“We have a habit of that, do we not,” she smiled a moment, and then turned to Kilr. “Now there are two Ahgundy among us.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’m not happily married,” Mike commented. “Is two Ahgundy’s better than one or what?” Mike put his arms out, cracking a big smile.
“You remember, he works for my department,” Wyler replied. He turned to the other Ahgundy. “You are?”
“Queebo,” the Ahgundy replied.
“I know you,” Kilr bowed slightly, hands clasped in recognition of his fellow Ahgundy. “You were the ambassador to the Tilmook. I presume you have access to their systems,” Kilr turned to the others. “That’s why they cannot harm us at this time,” he gestured at the military amassed outside the shielded cavern entry.
“You are correct,” Queebo replied. “The president had assigned me to assist Ariella. She wanted to teach the Na’Neelah how to understand the human languages and also teach them a thing called religion. The president thought it would be interesting to observe.”
“I thought all you people,” Tim commented, “are atheists.”
“Yes. The Ahgundy are unlike the Godumbian’s, non believers,” Queebo replied.
“Queebo, with your system, can you contact the big ship that had been here?” Wyler asked.
“I can do more than that. The Tilmook systems allow for active portals. It is possible to move one or more of you there from here.”
“Great, all I need to see is my wife,” Mike threw his hands in the air and rolled his eyes.
“That’s why I’ll be the one to make the jaunt,” Wyler replied to him. Then he turned back to Queebo. “What about a way to get me back?”
“I guess I can open a portal again or maintain this one opened,” Queebo informed the sheriff.
“Okay, can you pull up a picture of that big ship. I will show you where I would like to exit your portal on it,” Wyler replied.

“One plane has been downed,” Cyris reported to Wade on the bridge. “The other broke off the attack.”
“Odd. It must mean they are prepping something else,” Wade speculated. Just then, they spotted a brilliant glow and then a hole and Wyler stepped out onto the front deck below their view waving at them.
The hole remained wide opened and the bridge could spot the others through it in the cave. “What the hell?” Walker commented.
“Actually who the hell. That looks like the sheriff with a cowboy hat on. Get security down there and get him up here immediately,” Wade commanded.
Wyler turned to them all. “Stay pat, not sure how this will pan out,” as security rushed to him. Then he turned to the two MP’s as they approached. “Take me to your leader.”
“Captain Wade gave orders to escort you to the bridge,” one of them informed Wyler. He walked away with them as the others in the cavern watched.
“How long can the shields protect us?” Mike asked Kilr.
“Ask him,” Kilr pointed to Queebo.
“A very long time,” Queebo replied.
Wyler followed the security to the bridge and entered as Wade turned to face him, smiled and extended his hand. “It seems we both have a new problem,” Wade broke a momentary grimace at Sheriff Wyler Scott.
“Your General Ought is behind what’s happening. They are killing military members and went after us to remove the authority from the colony,” Wyler informed him.
“We’re aware,” Wade replied. “The bigger question is who is controlling all of this?”
“First thought comes to mind, the Culligan’s. But they’re behind Ahgundy bars for a long time,” Wyler replied. “The Godumbian’s wouldn’t, and the main Ahgundy are at peace. That leaves perhaps another interest we haven’t figured on yet.”
“Makes sense,” Walker chimed in.
“My wife, the ladies?” Wyler started asking. “We rescued two of yours, they’re in the Na’Neelah cavern shielded from the soldiers Ought sent.”
“Those shields, how are they powered as the main Ahgundy systems appear to be down?” Juana asked.
“Tilmook systems. There is a special Ahgundy at the caverns assigned by the president of the Ahgundy’s to work with a human there named Ariella. She’s that shot down Israeli pilot. Anyhow, she’s been teaching the Na’Neelah’s our languages and religion. Or trying to,” Wyler informed them and Walker blushed a moment as a few others broke out in quick laughter.
“So you have certain security access there?” Wade asked.
“As far as I know, yes,” Wyler replied.
Wade turned to Juana. “Have the women brought to the bridge immediately.”
“Got something in mind?” Wyler asked.
“Yes,” Wade replied. “We’re a target and I suspect we will be at war shortly. It might be wiser to move the women to the cave if it has the protections you stated. You’re a target as well, but you are a much smaller one right now. If we split up, we draw off most of the activity, plus for now, we can hold our own.”
“I was thinking that too,” Wyler told him. “However if the shields should fall, they would be taken hostage, most likely returned to the colony and slaughtered.”
“If they blow up this ship,” Cyris chimed in, “the ladies would be gone. Besides you have a few of our own down there in that cave that you just mentioned?”
“That’s correct,” Wyler replied.
Wade turned to Juana. “I’ll have them here shortly,” she nervously replied and then left the bridge.
Chapter 14



Wyler thought for a moment. “Any chance you can contact the Ahgundy capitol?”
“That’s possible,” Wade replied. “But, why would we be doing that?”
“We have one Ahgundy working in the cave. I have my deputy and he’s proven as loyal as one can get. His name is Kilr, and he could triangulate between the cave and Awf at the capitol city. If the Ahgundy are innocent, they could prove powerful allies and at least between the Ahgundy in the cave and Kilr up here, it provides a tactical advantage.”
“I like that name, killer,” Mike Walker grinned. Wade turned to him a moment with a raised brow.
“Really,” he told Walker. Then he turned back to Walker. “As soon as Juana returns here with the women, I’ll run this by her.”
“That hole on the deck leads directly to the cavern,” Wyler pointed. “Might be better for us to get on deck and have the women meet there. I can have Kilr come through with instructions and it speeds the formalities so there are no difficulties.”
“Mister Walker, contact Juana and have her bring the women to the deck. I’ll remain on the bridge, oh and go with the sheriff down there, see to their needs.”
“Okay sir,” Walker saluted, and then turned to Wyler. “This way.”
“I’ll have your men sent here as soon as we get down there,” Wyler glanced back at Wade. “
“Excellent,” Wade replied, and then Wyler turned and followed Walker out the bridge door.
Wade turned to a crewmember. “Why do I get the grand idea the shit’s about to fly everywhere,” he shrugged.
Walker escorted Wyler outside and Juana emerged with the ladies. Ileen ran ahead to Wyler and the two of them embraced. “I love you,” she was nearly in tears.
“I love you too,” he kissed her gently as the others caught up and they all approached the open portal. “The plan,” Wyler told everyone both through the hole in the cave and on deck. “You two guys join the crew,” Wyler told them and both men climbed through the hole on deck.
“And what’s this,” Mike stared through the hole at Shirley.
“You know exactly what it is mistah,” she shot back in protest walking past the servicemen and through the hole into the cave. “Look at yuh, all these blue creechas around yuh,” she chastised him.
“And you want me to deal with this shit?” Mike gestured at his wife as Wyler, Tammy and Ileen followed through.
“Deal with it,” Wyler ordered with a serious momentary glance.
“Yeah, deal with it,” Shirley told Mike.
“I hope I get extra hazard pay,” Mike replied.
“You guys in there done joking around?” Walker asked.
Wyler turned to Kilr. “Your instructions,” he then turned to Queebo. “The two of you Ahgundy establish a two-way communication between the both of you and then Awf in a three way. Kilr, you go onto that big boat. You are under the orders of Captain Wade. This way, we can coordinate things on all ends.”
“The human way of communications is quite primitive,” Queebo informed them. “There would be extreme limits as to when we can talk.”
“Maybe, Kilr, you can help modify their systems and like I stated, coordinate with Queebo. Am I clear?” Wyler stared at Kilr.
“Yes sheriff, I shall leave now,” Kilr replied almost with emotional reservations. Then the Ahgundy climbed through the hole onto the deck of the battleship. Kilr turned one last time to Wyler and the others. “We will be in touch. An old Earth slogan.”
“We sure will,” Wyler replied. Then the sheriff turned to Queebo. “Close the portal,” he waved at Walker and the others one last time. Then the portal completely closed down.
“This is a very dreary place,” Shirley complained.
“Have at it honey,” Mike gestured at the entry to the large cavern. “The Army is waiting for you.”
“I bettah get an Empiah State Building,” she threatened and Mike rolled his eyes.
“Yer better off with a Taj Mahal,” Mike countered, Ileen blushed, Tammy smirked and Shirley was pissed.

“I don’t know about you Ahgundy’s,” Walker commented as Juana paced just ahead of them.
“Sailor,” she turned to him as they halted a moment. “According to the Captain, he’s a crewmember.”
“Yes ma`am,” Walker replied and they resumed their trek to the bridge walking past the secured chopper on the forward deck.

Aboard the star cruiser, they had everything unpacked. “Are you sure about this?” the navigator asked as he brought the control panel online. “I mean, firing on our own.”
“General Ought’s orders. We have a job to do. Either the Battleship surrenders or we blast them out of existence,” Captain Tarot casually replied. It was cold and calculated, lacking the question of following illegal orders.
“Okay sir. As soon as the engine room has power, I’ll proceed to the coordinates.” He pulled up a 3D hologram above the panel and began inputting the activation codes.

Kilr followed Juana onto the bridge. He approached the Captain glancing down on him as all of the bridge members watched. Many had never seen a mauve Ahgundy before. “I am reporting for duty as per the sheriff’s instructions. He requested I try and help modify your communications systems to communicate with the cavern and then capitol city.”
“Welcome aboard Kilr,” Wade saluted and Kilr put his hand up and tried that with some confusion. Wade turned to Walker. “Get him whatever he needs and bring him to communications to look at what is available.”
“Yes sir,” Walker turned and then motioned Kilr. “Follow me,” which Kilr did.
“That’s a tall being,” one of the midshipmen commented.
“I find them very spiritual,” Juana added.
“Yes,” Wade grinned a moment in agreement. “They are a rather quiet and patient species.”
“Sir,” radar called on the com. “Signals from the star cruiser, they are trying to activate.”
“Have they?’ Wade called.
“Not from what I have detected. They are still stationary in orbit.”
Wade turned to the pilot. “Time to activate the engines. Get them warmed up for a quick departure,” he instructed.
“You know, I am sorry for having my doubts,” Walker told Kilr. “I mean, I didn’t know you.”
“That is okay. Not all Ahgundy are hostile. I was part of the resistance to the original war and on your side,” Kilr replied. “So is the current temporary leader, Awf.”
“That’s good to know,” Walker smiled. “We’re almost there,” he pointed down the hallway. “They are having hot stew tonight in the mess hall. Up for it?”
“Stew?” Kilr questioned as he followed the Master Chief Petty Officer into communications.
“What took you,” the communications officer turned and spotted Walker followed by Kilr.
“Captain’s orders. You are to assist Killer here,” Walker gestured, “with ship modifications on communications.”
“Is the captain nuts?” he replied staring a moment at the Ahgundy in disgust.
Walker turned and glanced up at Kilr. Then he turned back to him. “He’s a good guy and one of the crew. Treat him good, give him whatever he needs, Captain’s orders.”
“Yes sir,” he replied. “Over here,” he gestured as Walker turned at the door and called out, “be good,” to Kilr. Then Walker broke a smile and exited.
“So you are a real Ahgundy?” the communications officer asked.

“I believe that Kilr will initiate contact with us once he can make their system work,” Queebo informed Wyler.
“How are these shields holding up?” Wyler replied with the question and the others all turned their attention to the Ahgundy.
“They are functioning at the current time,” he calmly replied.

Engine room called to the cruiser’s bridge. “Engines are working and charging, we should be good to go shortly sir.”
“Great,” Captain Tarot replied. “Are the control stations ready?”
“I believe they are working standard,” the pilot replied.
“Weapons, are you ready?” he asked.
“Weapons online shortly and targeting too,” came the reply from the weapon’s room.
“Good. They will surrender or we make short work of them,” Tarot grinned.

The GeeLee ambassador Kamol approached Sylk on his throne. “You summoned for me?”
“Yes, yes I did. Contact the Godumbian’s, and inform them we will be working with the humans on practice maneuvers that it was approved by the Ahgundy President. That it is in no way a threat. That the Godumbian’s are our lifelong friends.”
“As you wish,” Kamol replied.

Wade was in the conference room with the officers. “Shortly we will be engaged from space. It is not the Ahgundy’s, nor the Godumbian’s. It will be our own.”
“Everyone knows about the star cruiser sir,” an officer informed him.
“We can out jump their position and move faster over the surface then they can achieve in orbit. Remember the star cruiser is not very quick to jump to certain points. That gives us an advantage.”
“So how do we stop this?” Juana calmly asked with all eyes turning to her as she leaned back in her chair, pen in hand, as she twirled it in contemplation.
“We really need to find who is behind all of this. My guess is that Ought is working with these other Ahgundy they call the GeeLee. Killer and the sheriff mentioned them.”
“Sounds like a cheerleading group,” the Doctor commented with pipe in hand.
“We need to find out more about them,” Wade replied. He turned and glanced at Walker. “As soon as this killer is done in communications, have him brought to tactical and inform me. He’s an Ahgundy and should be familiar with these GeeLee. The sheriff is an instinctively sharp cookie. If he suspects a connection, then it should be explored.”
“I agree,” Juana backed the Captain’s trend of speculation.

Wyler checked his round in the Dan Wesson chamber. “What are you doing?” Ileen asked.
“See how far some good old fashioned dialogue goes with the military on the other side of that shield.”
“Now wait a second,” Ileen began to protest. “We know who they are?”
“But do they know who they are working for and why?” Wyler raised a brow at her.
“Maybe I should go with youse,” Mike suggested.
“There he goes, mistah volunteah bigshot,” Shirley chimed in.
Wyler turned to Tammy in uniform. “Follow me,” he instructed her.
Tammy turned a moment to Ileen. “I’ll take good care of him,” she broke a slight grin and that didn’t sit well with Ileen.
“I’m coming too,” Ileen strode right up beside her husband.
“The rest of you stay here,” Wyler waved a momentary finger, and then straightened his Stetson and the three of them disappeared around the bend in the cave as they approached the cavern entry.
The shields were translucent with a slight yellow tinge from inside the cavern, but completely invisible outside it. Wyler turned to both ladies. “Wait here,” he instructed and they both did.

They had managed to get back to Boomtown as Clarence got out of the military transportation. “See darling,” he told his daughter Angie. “Nothing like home sweet home,” he laughed. He turned to Seth. “Contact the good general and thank him.”
Chapter 15



Kilr was hard at work below the dash of the radio communication’s station. “I wish we were able to get this to one of the Ahgundy capitol cities. They have items that we could use to adapt this quickly, and they have many more enhancements we could make on this craft.”
“Let me radio the bridge,” the communications officer grabbed the mike. “Bridge, is the Captain there please?”
“Hang on,” they replied.
“Hello communications,” the Captain replied.
“The alien needs to talk to you.” He held the mike close to Kilr’s mouth.
“It will be very difficult with your current system to adapt the communications. But if you can get me to an Ahgundy city, it might help and we may be able to do other enhancements to your craft.”
“I see,” Wade turned to Juana and she shrugged while Walker was shaking his head no in the background.
Wade stared at Walker a moment then turned to Juana. “That would allow us two forms of communications and the sheriff did stress this as an advantage.”
“I agree,” Juana replied as Walker glared at her with an intense competitive contempt for that moment. “I don’t like that expression officer,” she condemned him.
“I don’t like it either,” Wade replied. “Killer, where is it you need to go?”
“If you could quickly shuttle me to the 4th Ahgundy city, they have tools and equipment that would make this work much faster. It is the closest city to where you currently have this craft.”
“Sir, they are trying to power up the cruiser above,” the radar informed him. “Got a major energy spike.”
“I thought our codes were secured,” Wade questioned Walker.
“They are, it will not move right now, but it may well be a delaying tactic on their end. However, if they shut it down and purge the original codes, they could reinitialize their entire system and then they would quickly become operational again.”
“Pilot, get us to the base of the Cordole Mountains. Killer, we will have you there shortly.”
“As they say in your language—thank you,” Kilr replied.
“You’re welcome killer,” Wade smiled and handed the mike back to his bridge communications officer.
“Just out of curiosity,” the communications officer below asked Kilr. “What else can you do for our ship?”
“A lot more, you have no idea. It just depends on if the main systems are operational again. Okay, let me get to the top of this vessel so I can quickly depart to the city.”

Wyler was standing there with both ladies. “”You and your party are all fugitives and are subject to arrest and incarceration,” the lead soldier informed the sheriff.
“That so?” Wyler mused a moment and then turned to Tammy.
“I wear the uniform,” Tammy proudly boasted. Americans and what’s left of humanity shouldn’t be killing off humanity,” she continued. “Who issued these orders and why?”
“Ma`am with all do respect. We follow the orders we are given and you are to be arrested immediately. You are outlaws.”
“The Nazi’s followed orders when they gassed the Jews,” Ileen broke a slight grimace of truth.
“And in the end they all hanged for crimes against humanity,” Wyler added. “According to the former President Gore and the other alien parties involved, I was given all sole authority of law enforcement over the colony. Stand down,” Wyler ordered, “or you’re all under arrest.”
The sheriff opened the cylinder of his big Dan Wesson forty-four magnum, and then snapped it closed.
“And I’ll add, my husband never misses,” Ileen stepped beside Wyler on his left side as Tammy stepped next to him on his right side.
“We will wait you out,” the soldier threatened. “As soon as these shields are down, you will be arrested or killed, our option.”
“I don’t like threats,” Tammy aimed her sniper’s rifle on him.
“I don’t like them either,” the soldier replied as others approached. He poked his finger at the translucent shield and got a nasty zap which scorched the tip of his skin.
Queebo approached them from behind as Ileen turned to glimpse him with Ariella, Mike, Shirley and other deputies. “Sheriff, the shields I regret I did not inform you are passive from your side.”
“How so?” Wyler asked the Ahgundy as he stood next to them.
“Your weapons will work on them but their weapons cannot work on you,” Queebo answered.
“That means you’re all fucked bad,” Mike approached and the deputies and Tammy, and Ariella with her side arm all drew their guns.
“I don’t believe you,” the soldier smiled for a smug moment as he turned his sidearm at Queebo. “Maybe we should do a test,” he squeezed off a round and it bounced off the shield, ricocheting into the windshield of the closest Humvee.
“Let’s give my side a try,” Wyler thumbed the hammer back on the Dan Wesson. “All of you might wanna stand back and cover your ears, this thing is loud,” he took aim as the soldiers outside watched with worry. “This ain’t going to fly back at us?” the sheriff asked Queebo.
“Not unless it is discharged by you in the opposite direction.”
Then Wyler squeezed off a round and Boom! It made the Humvee tire go flat for a moment, and then it reinflated as it was a runflat tire.
“Well, that works,” Wyler grinned. He turned to them as did a lot of guns. “Best advice from the law. You might wanna skedaddle until we make the arrests,” he broke a polite grin and it didn’t sit well with the soldiers.
“Load up,” the lead soldier instructed his men and women. “It ain’t over by a long shot,” he waved a momentary finger in anger at them.
Wyler turned to Queebo. “Thanks for the heads up,” he told him.
“Better late than never,” Mike added as they turned to retreat further into the cavern.

The battleship cruised to a stop at the edge of the Cordole Mountains. On the front deck, the chopper had its rotors powered up and security helped Kilr, with Juana board the chopper. There were two pilots behind the stick.
“Show us where,” one of them asked as the door closed and they lifted into the air. They were now flying past the foothills and into the Cordole Mountains.
“Instead, get us to the capitol city,” Kilr instructed.
“That’s across these mountains,” the Pilot cautioned.
“The leader of the Ahgundy is there. He can arrange for everything we need very quickly,” Kilr told them as the pilot turned to Juana.
“Just do what he requests,” she instructed.
“Yes sir,” the lead pilot replied.
Some of the spiraling peaks in the central Cordole Mountains were partially snow capped as the weather control for the planet had been set at minimal.
“We arrive there in about fifteen minutes,” he informed them.

Awf was all hooked up again and they turned the main systems on, but nothing seemed to be happening.
“I don’t feel anything,” he complained to the technicians.
“We might have some rerouting capabilities working,” one of them replied. “Try shifting liquid to surface…rerouting now.”
Awf pulled up the menu and there it was, it indeed was now working again. “It did what it is supposed to do,” he informed them.
Then an emergency holographic screen popped up in front of him. It was like the Ahgundy’s version of a radar screen. “A flying craft approaches and it appears to be human. It is approaching our city. Issue security to the estimated landing area.”
“Security has no working arms right now,” an Aide called from below.
“A lone craft would not be a threat. They must have a reason for being here,” Awf speculated with reserve judgment and patient wisdom.
The chopper was approaching the capitol city as they spotted a round opened area in the square. “There,” Kilr instructed the pilot as the chopper began to descend and a number of Ahgundy security emerged toward where they landed.
The chopper engines wound down, Juana stepped out first as security surrounded them and the moment seemed tense until Kilr emerged. “I must see the current president Awf,” he informed them and they started to escort Kilr away when he momentarily paused and turned. “You,” Kilr pointed at Juana, “and your others come with me.”
Both pilots emerged and followed along as the blades of the chopper had ceased spinning. Some of the Ahgundy approached and touched the glass and metal of the aircraft.
An aide walked to Awf. “An Ahgundy and humans have arrived to talk to you,” he informed Awf.
The doorway dissolved and in walked Kilr and the others. “Hello Kilr,” Awf glanced down at them all. “As you can see, since the president left, we have had many issues.”
“We need your help,” Kilr told Awf.
“What kind of help?” Awf asked him.
“We need parts,” Kilr replied, “from the stores. It seems the humans have turned on one another and the GeeLee may be involved. I need to modify their craft, the very big one.”
“They are in danger?” Awf asked.
“Great danger and we may be as well,” Juana chimed in. “They also have the sheriff and others trapped in the caves with those blue creatures, the ones with three legs.”
“Na’Neelah’s,” Awf reminded her.
“Yes, those,” Juana replied.
“I cannot help right now, but we can get Kilr what he requires,” Awf replied. Awf glanced at his lead aide. “Get Kilr and the humans that are presently among us, whatever they require. Send two of our best Ahgundy technicians with them and set the atmosphere to reroute a portal to their craft. It is much faster,” Awf stared at her a moment, “then how you got here.”
“I prefer the old fashioned way,” a pilot cut in.
“Thank you,” Juana smiled a moment, and then turned to the pilots. “Wait till their portal is established and then get the chopper back to the ship and secured. I’ll travel with them through that portal.”
“We will not have enough resources to maintain it for long,” Awf informed her.
“That is okay,” Kilr replied. “The additional technicians and all of the storage parts we require will be enough. We are going to adapt their form of communications in a modified setting so it can use their power to communicate with you and the Ahgundy in the Na’Neelah cavern where the sheriff is located.”
“Do it now,” Awf instructed them. “I cannot guarantee how long the portal will remain opened.”
The pilots left with an Ahgundy security guard and Juana and Kilr followed the aide out the doorway to the parts and manufacturing storerooms. “Stay with him,” Kilr instructed Juana. “I will be right back with a hauler and two Ahgundy technicians to assist in the modification of your ship.”
Kilr walked away through a wall as she waited. “So” the aide asked inquisitively, “you are what the humans call a female type?”
“Uh yes, and what are you?” she shot back.
“Oh, I am an Ahgundy,” he replied.
“And,” she gestured with her hands waiting for more.
“And I am standing here,” he replied.
“And,” she continued to press the moment.
“What does this mean when you move your hands and say and?” he asked.
“It means, where is your woman?” she pressed the question.
“Woman,” the Ahgundy was now very confused. “Is that something you ride on?”
“Oh no,” she mused as she realized the alien had no conception of human biology.
“Can you explain this woman to me?” the aide asked.
“You don’t want to hear what this woman has to say,” she was becoming impatient as the wall opened to a doorway and Kilr followed by almost two identical Ahgundy’s, paced behind him.
“That portal, Awf must open it now,” Kilr told the aide.
Just then, the portal opened onto the deck of the battleship as someone pointed through the window of the bridge. “Look, down there.”
Juana held her Walkie-Talkie. “Captain, we will enter through this portal. There are extra Ahgundy technicians arriving as well with special parts. They are requested by Killer. I have sent the chopper on its way. It is already enroute,” she told him. “Coming through now.”
She stepped through the portal, and Kilr and the other Ahgundy’s Turr, a weapons engineer and Okaa a propulsion engineer pushed anti gravity carts with many parts and equipment on deck.
“Have a detail get down there and do what Juana and the lead Ahgundy Kilr request,” Wade ordered.
“Now we have three of those onboard,” Walker questioned. “Ever think, maybe they are on the other side working to infiltrate us?”
‘No,” Wade rolled his eye to Walker. “I think they are sincere, besides, the more the merrier.”
The Ahgundy’s followed Juana into a conference room and stood at the end of a long table as she kept an eye on the door.
Then, Captain Wade and the other officers entered. “Juana, I hope this is good.”
“It is Captain. I think they have a lot to say and offer,” she replied as Walker in his chair turned and glanced at her a moment. “You have something to say?”
“Ever hear of the Trojan Horse?” Walker mumbled to her in a hushed tone.
“I think we should hear them out,” Wade quelled him for the time being. “Killer, proceed.”
“I shall make changes for your communications systems. The current leader and longtime friend Awf suggested we modify this large vessel with additional enhancements.”
“What kind of enhancements?” Wade steeped his fingers and reclined a moment.
“Let me explain,” Kilr replied.
Chapter 16



The GeeLee warlord Wott approached Sylk at his throne. “We have learned the human’s have not been successful in eliminating themselves.”
“True this may be, but the Ahgundy systems are still down. Prep for an invasion of their cities in the mountains. While the real president is gone, this is the ripe time to strike. Their systems may be down, but ours are not.”
“As you request, so shall it be done,” Wott replied.

A brilliant light with spiraling red and yellow tornadoes whooshed by them and as it did, they received a high from the energy they emitted as it touched their skins.
“Amazing,” Demetreius smiled. “Did your planet Earth have anything like this?” he asked Tecciztecatl.
“Where we resided, yes it does, but not for humans,” Quetzalcoatl replied.
“That is because you are different than humans, but what if it had,” Moorgo questioned.
“In this environment, it works. But their atmosphere could never support this type of environment we bathe in,” Tecciztecatl replied. “Ahgundy skin is vastly different than human skin,” he added.
“This is very true,” Demetreius replied. “It is one of the reasons that human’s, without our modifications in their health systems, could not survive on our planet. They would dissolve quickly.”

Kilr was under the dash again modifying the communications with the console. He had a weird assortment of parts and strange tools to work with leaving the communications officer in a bit of a fog.
“If you don’t mind my asking, what does that thing do?”
“Oh, it is used to fuse items and change their charge rates. Ahgundy’s use a very different method of communications and it is good for great distances. Can you hand me the thilbob over there,” Kilr pointed at a large red item that resembled a honeycomb.
“Thilbob huh. Interesting,” the officer broke a slight grin.

The Ahgundy engineer Okaa was in the lower core engine room where the modified antigrav propulsion unit was located. An engineer from the crew approached him.
“This is quite advanced,” he prided himself on the battleship’s core.
“For your species it is, but for Ahgundy we have many better enhancements. The leader on this craft explained you could assist me.”
“Uh yeah, what do you need?” the engineer asked.
“That enclosure brought aboard, could you please open it and hand me an item that is shiny pink in color. When your hand touches it, the color will change to what you call yellow.”
“Okay,” the engineer turned and went into it and he got a small zap from a cube. “Ouch!” he exclaimed, though it was nothing more than a zap.
“Be careful of the gungee in that container. It is a delicate power source I shall require shortly,” Okaa informed him.

Turr had studied their electronic systems. “As soon as my counterpart has modified your propulsion system, we will immediately begin the discussed protective measures approved by the leaders on this craft.”

The others had retreated as Wyler stood alone, studying the soldiers. For now, they had protection, but for how long would it last?
It seemed they were intent on doing their jobs, after all, they were just following orders, the very same that the jackboots of tyrants had done in the past, and would no doubt do beyond the year 1996.
Did human’s never learn, and at such a time when the very few left of humanity inhabited this place with peace.
The sheriff had been authorized to protect the colony by the Godumbian’s, Ahgundy and former human President.
It seemed quite distant from where they had been on Earth, when things were back to normal life.

The chopper had landed on deck and they were locking it down as the rotors had stopped spinning and the two pilots were safely aboard.

“The ship is parked on the other side of the Cordole Mountains. A flying machine had traveled the sky from it to the lead Ahgundy city, but only remained a short time,” Heth informed Ought in front of the others.
“I don’t like it. What is taking the space crew so long to perform their mission?” Ought demanded.
“Sir,” another officer chimed in. “They stated they were having trouble with their operations codes. They decided to reinitialize the system clearing the old codes.”
“That wastes too much time,” Ought protested. “They should have had a backup plan for what might happen. Captain Wade is a shrewd tactician. What about that sheriff?”
“They report the cavern has shielding of some type. They have them cornered but nothing else can be done for now.”
“Yes,” Ought turned his attention to Heth. “But I wonder how far those shields go. Perhaps a bombing above those caverns could prove successful.”
“We don’t know how far those caverns extend, that’s the problem,” another officer replied twiddling his thumbs.
Ought turned to Heth. “Would you know about this?”
“The Lona caverns are home to the Na’Neelah. If the shields are from another power source especially those of the Tilmook, nothing you have will penetrate them,” Heth replied.
“The GeeLee may have an alternative though,” he added and that brought a sigh from General Ought.
An assistant MP knocked on the door and one of the officers opened it as he approached Ought with a paper message in hand.
The general read it and it was from Clarence Culligan which brought a momentary smile on the General’s face. “I think it is time to adjourn this meeting,” Ought told them.

Jonna was at Sylk’s side as he sat contemplating things. “With the main Ahgundy systems down, now might be a good time to launch our Floater to space from this side of Ciera.”
“Yes, I agree,” Sylk replied. “That will remove one immediate influence since it already appears to be failing and set things up later. Make sure they set on full sterilization, and dimensionally shift it with a code sequence. This should begin the process of converting humans into sub atomic particles upon this planet.”
“I shall,” Jonna turned and walked away. Just as he did, a 3d holographic screen popped up and it was a slightly panicked General Ought.
“What do you want?” Sylk asked him in a rancid snarl.
“The big ship is stalled right now and we are having to reboot the space cruiser as its codes were somehow corrupted. They tell me it will be a while before it is active.”
“I will dispatch our associate to assist your crew. And your other problem?” Sylk asked.
“The sheriff and his band are hold up in a cavern in the Lona Hills,” Ought replied.
“The cave of the Na’Neelah’s,” Sylk grasped his chin in thought for a moment.
“Yes, and my soldiers reported they can be shot at but not return fire because of these shields.”
“Ah, you mean by your projectile weapons,” Sylk grinned slightly and some steam rose from his red horned scalp. “That is because they have a protective source. I suspect it comes from the Tilmook system in the nearby Sateelo Mountain Range.”
“So, how do we get their shields down?” Ought’s voice brought increasing speculative worry.
“That is indeed a problem. The Tilmook are not easily accessible. They thrive by using portals and can travel anywhere including travel multiple dimensions, even through time backwards or forwards.”
“Then it’s hopeless,” Ought was now starting to break down.
“No, it is not my human friend. I will have our GeeLee’s look into this for you. Since that city is usually not inhabited, if it were to fail, most likely the shields would go down. I am not aware of whether the Tilmook would even know or care.”
“Okay,” General Ought eased up. “So when will I know if you got their shields down?”
“We shall inform you,” Sylk’s grin turned to a smile with yellowish teeth. Then the holograph dissipated.

“Okay,” Kilr informed the communications officer. “The modified dials, let me show you how you pull up our control panel. If this works, the first communications will be with my counterpart in the Lona caverns.”
Kilr held his right arm for him and positioned it at an angle. “Now push the air in front of your hand with your mind while keeping your hand and arm in this position. Once this opens, it will remain opened until you close it.”
The officer closed his eyes and concentrated and nothing was happening as he opened them. “I don’t see anything,” he complained.
“You have to keep your eyes opened and concentrate in the area in front of your hand and push with your mind,” Kilr again stressed and the communications officer began when the intercom from the Bridge came in.
It was Captain Wade. “How we coming along?” he asked them on the com.
“We are almost ready,” the officer replied, he turned and glimpsed Kilr, then the officer shrugged his shoulders.
“Get it done asap,” Wade replied. “Over,” he hung up.
“This is all I need,” he felt a failure for the moment and as he had hung up the mike, Kilr grabbed his arm and positioned it.
“Try again,” he responded.
He kept that arm in position as Kilr turned his attention to the thilbob which was glowing a bright iridescent orange green color combo alternating every few seconds between the colors.
“The system is working properly, concentrate,” Kilr pushed the moment and suddenly a large oval shaped holograph appeared in mid air.
“Can I take my arm down now?”
“Yes,” Kilr replied. “Call your captain and we will have a test between here and your command center above us and the cavern where my boss, Wyler Scott is located.”
The officer grabbed the mike. “Uh bridge, tell Captain Wade we have a working communications unit down here.”
“You can duplicate this panel throughout your craft including to where the captain is located.”
“How?” the officer asked.
“Here,” Kilr showed him tapping a triangle shape on the holograph. “This works with combinations of shapes. I believe in most human dialects, the symbol called a question mark often relates to help. I shall add that for you here,” Kilr slid a finger across the panel and a question mark appeared. “Touch that and select your human language.”
The officer touched it and a dropdown submenu of human languages appeared until he spotted the one that stated ‘English’ and then he tapped that one.
Suddenly the entire panel changed from shapes to English variations. I got it,” he smiled at Kilr.
“We see it up here,” Wade broke a grin. “How about we talk to Sheriff Wyler Scott?”
Several moments passed and Kilr touched a planetary 3d map attached to their panel. With his finger, he rotated the hologram and small dots were lit in different places including to the star cruiser above.
As he rotated the map, the names all over the planet appeared in the English alphabet and finally Kilr stopped at the Lona Hills dot. He turned and glanced down at the officer and gestured. “I cannot do everything. This is yours.”
The officer tapped that and the dot began to expand quickly.
Inside the cavern, Queebo turned to a widening holograph of the communications room and they watched a duplicate on the bridge.
“Sheriff,” Wade grinned. “I believe we just got our freedom of speech back. Your man has done an outstanding job and additional Ahgundy technicians are making further enhancements.”
Wyler stepped up with three ladies behind him. “We’re still pinned down here,” he replied. “Any chance we could soon get an evacuation?”
“We need our engines running and the Ahgundy’s are making changes to them, they are offline for now.”
“I understand,” Wyler replied. “Kilr,” I see you in the upper left panel on our system. Get to assisting them on their engines.”
“Thank you sheriff,” Wade’s smile grew broader.
“About the spaceship in orbit?” Wyler questioned.
“We have word they are rebooting. That is why we must get the engines functioning soon as possible, otherwise we are sitting ducks,” Wade replied as Wyler turned a moment to glance the other deputies.
Chapter 17



Back on Earth in the mirror universe, it was nighttime and Mohany had been sleeping quietly while Sky snored slightly. Isily slept on the end of the bed.
That’s when the phone rang, it was Ileen and she had burst out in tears. “He’s dead!”
Mohany felt completely empty as Sky sat up and grasped his shoulders. “When?” Mohany asked.
“Two hours ago,” Ileen burst into more tears. “Sheriff Wyler Scott is gone forever.”
“I’m so sorry,” Mohany began to shed a few teardrops. He turned to Sky who had a gut feeling what her husband was about to inform her of.
“No,” Sky started to break down. “It can’t be.”
“I can’t talk anymore,” Ileen hung up, turned and sat back in the armchair next to where her husband used to sit.
The cabin was cold and dark. It felt empty, a void with only herself occupying that one little space. She was now officially a widow.

The mood of the day was somber. It was all happening under grey skies with a gentle chill in the air and a slight breeze reminding them of the Eastern Sierra Nevada Mountain Range in California.
The day had arrived and a long-standing chapter in life had reached its final resting place.
A lot of them were gathered in a cemetery outside of Mammoth California. Mohany, Sky, and a number of others who had known the famous sheriff, watched as the casket was being lowered into the ground.
It was a horrendous moment as Ileen covered her mouth, her eyes filled with tears. Sky hugged her in her chair and Mohany stood up and approached the lowered casket.
“Good bye my old friend,” he quietly told the casket and then took a deep breath of cold mountain air.
He could feel the emptiness here, a cold void where his best friend once lived. The sheriff’s spirit had moved on and was never coming back. Even trying to search his ghost out, Mohany felt nothing. It was all simply empty.
It seemed this new 21st century brought some very big changes, and they weren’t all good news either. What lay ahead, Mohany didn’t want to face right now.
He turned and walked back to Ileen and Sky, and the others were now departing the large funeral while a news camera had been rolling at a distance. “Let us go home with you,” Mohany and Sky ushered Ileen away from the cemetery to their truck.
They soon entered her cabin. It was cold and dark, and there was stillness, a calm dry somber in the air.
Suddenly, Isily materialized next to Mohany and began panting. Sky walked with Ileen into the breakfast nook and both ladies sat down across the table.
Mohany walked to a table near the fireplace and there was a photo of both a younger Wyler Scott and Ileen hugging against a snow mountain backdrop of the San Jacinto Mountains standing sentinel above Palm Springs California.
He picked up the photo in hand and mused over it. A different time and a different place. He could still hear the sheriff’s voice in his head and so could Isily.
The coyote sat next to the standing Mohany. “Somehow my friend, it didn’t have to be this way,” Mohany shook his head, then setting the photo back down on the table.
Mohany set his pack down on the side table next to Wyler’s recliner and he took a seat as Isily approached him. He rubbed the giant Coyote God between his ears and started to grimace as thoughts came flooding into his mind again.
They were of an ancient Cahuilla village at the foot of the San Jacinto Mountains and it was on a cloudy day. A woman smiled as she glanced down at a very young Mohany and she momentarily ran her fingers through his hair.
“Only in a dream,” she told him as she continued on, disappearing into an enveloping fog.
“Only in a dream,” Mohany mumbled to Isily and the coyote broke into a slight pant. “But, dreams can be an omen or something that has occurred,” he continued to quietly speculate. “Tahquitz told me to forget these, yet they continue to persist…why?”

In the other universe, it was white everywhere and Tecciztecatl began to feel something out of sorts. He turned his head a moment and the expression of worry grew upon his face.
He was completely enveloped in this white with no definition and it was so quiet here, so peaceful, unlike anything the Aztec Moon God had ever felt.
Now it was being interrupted and something dark had happened and would be happening again, but what was it?

“I know what Tahquitz said, Isily,” Mohany told the coyote. “But this continues and I cannot suppress it much longer. Something either happened or is happening or is about to happen,” he added.
“And what’s that?” Ileen asked with Sky behind her at the doorway to the breakfast nook.
Both Ileen and Mohany’s eyes met and she knew from his history, the special powers the Cahuilla Pu`ul had and perhaps Sky was in on this too, but what was it? Did it have something to do with the husband she had just buried as her hopes built?
“Tell me,” she pressed the issue walking forward to Mohany as he got up out of the chair. Ileen became angry as she focused on Isily, glancing down at the Coyote God with some questionable contempt.
“You, you have special abilities. You are one of his Cahuilla Gods. Is there something going on that involves my husband?” she persisted and the coyote stared at her a moment and then turned to Mohany while Sky tried to calm Ileen, grabbing her shoulders.
“No!” she pulled away from Sky and turned to face all three of them. “There is something else going on. Tell me,” Ileen demanded in a furious moment.
“Honey,” Sky held Mohany’s hand tight.
“I cannot deny it any longer,” he broke his silence.
“Then I was right,” Ileen felt a bit more relief.
“Yes,” Sky told her. “My husband has felt something out of balance.”
“I have felt a disturbance,” Mohany peered into Ileen’s eyes.
“You knew my husband was going to die, didn’t you,” Ileen accused Mohany.
“Now that is ridiculous,” Sky shot back in protest. “You had already informed the both of us he was dying so that’s on you.”
“It’s something else,” Mohany broke it up between both ladies. “I am not sure, but it is something very big and deliberately hidden from all of us I suspect. Tahquitz warned me to leave this alone. He was threatened by a more powerful God.”
“Is that true Isily?” Ileen glanced at the sitting coyote.
“Answer her honestly,” Sky cautioned the coyote. Isily glanced up at Mohany and the Cahuilla nodded. Then Isily turned to Ileen as she was staring him straight in the eyes. He nodded his head.
“And you do not know what this is?” Ileen asked Mohany.
“No—I do not,” Mohany replied with some hesitancy and confusion mixed together.
“And you believe maybe this involves my husband?” Ileen continued to question.
“I’m not sure,” Mohany told her. “It might, or it might be something altogether different.”
“I think you owe us all an apology.” Sky cautiously suggested.
Ileen took a deep breath and closed her eyes a moment. “I think we should call it a day. You can see yourselves out,” she walked to the cabin door and opened it.
“Come on honey,” Sky grabbed Mohany’s small pack and arm and they walked outside the door, followed by Isily.
Ileen forcefully closed the door and began to cry as the three of them got into Mohany’s truck and they backed out of her driveway.
She was now alone, a widower in a mountain town her husband had called home, and the long days ahead would only live for her memories of better times in a younger life.

In the other universe, Kilr was down below and the other engineer Ahgundy Okaa was having some problems with the main reactor on the ship. “They will need to shut this down for my tools to work,” he informed Kilr.
“Are you sure?” Kilr asked.
“Yes, I am sure,” Okaa replied. “This must be shutdown now.”
Kilr pulled up a new communication’s panel to the bridge. “Yes,” the comm. Operator on the bridge asked.
“I need to talk to the Captain,” Kilr replied. “It is urgent.”
Juana approached. “What is it,” she called. “The Captain is resting in his quarters for the moment. I am the acting officer on the ship right now.”
“The main engine and power systems will need to be disabled so we can effect the required installation down here,” Kilr informed her.
“Oh,” she put her hand over her mouth and turned to the others and Walker pointed his finger downward and nodded. “Okay, I shall contact him immediately. He should call you back momentarily.” Then she hung up.
“You do realize that makes us sitting ducks for anyone including the Ahgundy. Do you really believe that?” Walker chastised her in a skeptical renewed contempt as the rest of the crew all turned and stared at her.
“Contact the captain, get him online,” she instructed the comm. Operator.
“Captain Wade, the Chief Warrant Officer wishes to speak.”
“Go ahead,” he was resting on a bunk with his hand over his head.
“We have been requested to shutdown the mains,” Juana informed him.
“What?” Wade sat up a bit mystified at this information.
“The Ahgundy’s in the engine room have requested this. They asked to speak to you,” Juana replied.
“Okay, pipe em down there on a three way between you and them,” Wade replied and the comm. The operator did so.
“Hello captain,” Kilr replied to the incoming.
“What’s happening?” Wade asked.
“In order to make the adaptation and enhancements we discussed, we need the mains down for a period of time,” Kilr informed him.
“How long?” Wade asked.
“In Earth time,” Kilr replied. “An hour.”
“I told her Captain, that leaves us as sitting ducks,” Walker chimed in.
“It sure does,” Wade rubbed his moist forehead. He took a deep breath as another com panel in 3D opened up on the bridge.
This panel was connected to weapons. “The modifications to weapons are completed,” Turr the Ahgundy informed them all.
“Turr, get modifications to lock up the environment across the entire interior of the ship,” Kilr called out.
“Okay,” Turr replied.
“I’ll be joining you with Okaa once we are finished here in the power place below,” Kilr added.
“Okay,” Wade replied. “An hour,” he stressed.
“I should have it by then,” Okaa called out.
“Captain,” Mike Walker began to protest. “We are sitting ducks,” he stressed.
“Can it!” Wade replied. “Juana, anything else and wake me.”
“Yes sir captain,” she turned to the com Operator and then to Walker. “We made the right call.”
“I’m stepping out onto the deck for some fresh air,” Walker informed her.
“That’s fine,” Juana replied.
Chapter 18



The reboot was proceeding along briskly in the space cruiser and about a half hour remained. Just then a communication came in from Ought’s office. “Incoming sir,” the communications officer announced.
“Put it on,” Captain Tarot replied. “General.”
“You will be receiving a red Ahgundy aboard shortly. His name is Mister Guru. A shuttle has been dispatched from the surface to rush him there. Follow whatever orders he issues…am I clear on this?”
“But general,” Tarot began to argue when he was interrupted as Ought’s temper flared.
“No buts,” Ought calmly replied with subtle pressure. “Just do as you have been instructed. That battleship is to be rendered disabled or destroyed. Their crew will be arrested and returned to the Whitehouse, am I clear?”
“Yes sir, as you have ordered, over and out.” Then Tarot turned to the crew.
“Red Ahgundy,” one of them questioned.
“I guess they come in differing colors,” he shrugged.

“Sir, radar shows a second shuttle launch from the port,” an operator called to the bridge as Juana paused.
“I wonder what they are up to? They must be trying to send more crew to activate that space cruiser. I’ll alert the captain.”

The GeeLee named Auro arrived through a red GeeLee portal system in the canyon between the Lona Hills and the Sateelo Mountains, home of the Tilmook capitol city on Ciera.
A very large scorpion type creature began to follow, then picked up the glow of the GeeLee, paused, turned and walked away. It seemed that the GeeLee had a scent most of the inhabitants of Ciera didn’t like, even alien insects.
He took a breath, and exhaled a momentary red mist as his smile broadened, his narrowing glowing eyes gazing at his home target. The devil was coming and in this Tilmook city, he expected nobody would be there.
It had been a very long time since a GeeLee roamed this side of Ciera, and their plans for roaming the entire planet were almost at hand.

“We have limited shielding for the cities, but it may come at the expense of the human colony,” an aide bowed as Awf was hooked up again.
“We cannot leave them unshielded as the treaty signed by the presidents agreed on that point. Evacuate all of the Ahgundy to the fourth city and setup to transfer power there. If we concentrate the energy on that city, we should be able to maintain the colony.”

Mister Guru departed down the exit ramp of the shuttle in the docking bay of the space cruiser. Both shuttle pilots stared at each other a moment. They were in disbelief that they had deposited the devil, or something that resembled a red devil onto the space cruiser.
“Don’t say anything,” the pilot on the left told the one on the right.
The doors opened to the bridge and Guru entered and paused, glancing down at the crew as they turned with the captain to glimpse him. The navigator with some hesitant worry, swallowed a lump in his throat.
The moment of disbelief they were staring at the devil on their bridge was what struck home, with the peaceful Ciera before them on their working view screen.
“Don’t look so surprised,” Guru broke a broad smile as his yellow eyes glowed brilliantly. “I have been informed you were aware of my arrival. I am to be addressed by you humans as Mister Guru.”
“Yes, I know,” Captain Tarot replied, some hesitant worry in his voice. “We were informed you would be here to assist us and speed up our reboot.”
“That and more. We have additional targets we’d like you to acquire as well,” Guru told them. “I shall instruct you what to hit and where and when. But for now, we must disable their large craft on the surface. This comes from my leader and yours.”

Kilr and Okaa thought they might have it working. “Okay,” Kilr called to the bridge. “We need all personnel you have on your craft inside. Except those inside your weapons turrets outside, they must remain there, all others must get inside. We are ready to test the shielding.”
Juana turned to the communications officer on the bridge. “Make a general announcement to retrieve all personnel from the deck or exterior. Kilr,” she called.
“Yes,” Kilr replied.
“About five minutes to get our people in safely,” she informed him. “Once they are safely inside, I shall alert you.”
“Very good,” Kilr replied and then turned to Okaa.
“What is five minutes?” Okaa asked.
“Oh, it’s a measurement of time on Earth,” a crewmember called back.
“That is equivalent to eleven ceals,” Kilr replied aloud.
“Oh, okay,” Okaa still seemed a bit confused by all of this exchange.
They were all returning and Mike Walker took one last glance around, turned to the bridge, and then walked back inside, sealing the door behind him.
“Call the aft section and verify they have closed everything up, that all members are secured within the ship,” Juana ordered communications.
He did just that and listened as everyone checked in. “All known personnel are accounted for on the ship,” he replied.
“Get the captain online,” she ordered. A moment later, Wade who was lying down, grabbed the mike at bedside.
“Yes,” he replied.
“About to test the shields,” Juana informed him.
“Okay, I’m getting up,” Wade replied. “Be on deck shortly.”
Juana had the com to the engine room. “You are clear to initiate the test,” she informed Kilr who turned to Okaa and gave him the signal.
“Now,” Kilr instructed Okaa, and there was a moment of doubt and hesitancy on his part. However, the expression on Kilr’s face meant it was to be tested.
Okaa threw the switch on the alien installed part and a moment went by, then a bunch of pink sparks were all over it and it shutdown.
The test had been a failure as there was the smell of smoke from something burning.
It much resembled plastic and a few crewmembers coughed, while arriving on bridge, Captain Wade entered as everyone momentarily stood at attention.
They all watched out the window and everything seemed the same. “Invisible shielding?” Captain Wade theorized as he grasped his chin.
“I don’t know,” Juana replied. “I’ve never seen an alien shield, but in the television show Star Trek, their shields were always invisible until they got hit.”
“Well, this isn’t Star Trek. Call them and find out if the shields are operational,” Wade insisted.
“Yes sir,” the communications officer got engine room on the com. “Captain wants to know status.”
“It is not yet functioning,” Kilr called back as human members of the engine room were coughing and choking. The smoke and foul smell seemed to be harmless to the Ahgundy.
“How long?” Wade asked.
“Tell the human, we are still working on this. It’s not what they call rocket science,” Okaa replied, “oh and when the jump engines work, you will not go high very fast, but you can jump down quickly to the planet’s surface,” and then Kilr closed the com.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Mike Walker approached Wade. “What did I tell you. These Ahgundy cannot be trusted. That remark is at their very core. Besides, why can’t this ship ascend as quickly as it goes down?”
Wade turned to Juana. “I say we give them a bit more time,” she shrugged.
“I still don’t trust them,” Walker shot back and the crew was beginning to have their doubts.
Just then, a communications panel opened and it was Turr. “Captain Wade please.”
“You’re talking to him, which one are you?”
“Turr. The weapons modifications are fine, and I need to modify the bridge, it is the last system besides the large gun area on your ship to secure.”
“What’s this about?” Wade asked.
“I’ll tell you what it’s about,” Walker chimed in. “They want to lock us inside.”
“That is correct,” Turr replied and suddenly, Captain Wade turned to Juana.
“Maybe he has more to say,” Juana replied turning an eye to Walker as they all did.
“I do have more to say,” Turr replied “I am sealing all areas for traveling in a vacuum environment. Without this, the craft that you are on, would become deadly to your life form.”
“Procede,” Wade turned a raised brow of doubts followed by a sigh to Walker, as that Ahgundy communications panel dissolved. “Still think they are trying to harm us.”
“Captain’s got a point,” Juana glistened for the moment as tensions began to cease.

Auro approached the steps of the entry to the Tilmook city at the foot of the Sateelo Mountains. He drew a fresh breath of air, and then ascended them.
Chapter 19



“You must take out that battleship first,” Ought argued with Sylk on the holographic display.
“We have other priorities that come before your ship,” Sylk replied. “My associate has his instructions. If we were to do as you asked, it would leave time for the Ahgundy to refortify and everything is lost. They could de-shield your site as well.”
“I don’t like it,” Ought reply and his worries grew.
“I understand that,” Sylk broke a slight grimace holding back his spontaneous anger. “But you humans have an old saying on your home world Earth. I believe it was that cooler heads prevailed.”
“That’s funny coming from a hotheaded devil,” Ought shot back. That comment caused the blue Ahgundy Heth to turn and glimpse Ought with some doubts.
“On your world, a hotheaded devil is supposed to be a, what you call, bad guy. The GeeLee are the rightful owners of Ciera,” Sylk protested. “My associate shall have the craft in space working shortly. Wait for my further instructions.” Sylk collapsed that panel.
Ought turned to Heth. “My trust in this GeeLee is rapidly disappearing.”
“Yes, of course,” Heth politely clasped both hands and made a slight momentary bow.

Auro walked down the all white corridor and indeed, there appeared nobody here, at least for the moment as the Tilmook teleported everywhere, and typically at a moments notice.
He paused, stopped, and then turned to the wall on his right. “Ah, here,” his smile broadened and he entered through a solid wall, actually a deceptive holograph into a reactor room that powered everything.
There were no controls anywhere; it was all one mixture of candy swirls of rainbow colors all twisting about slowly as he navigated this alien power center. It was a fantasy world of beauty in here, and knowing what this was, yielded great results to many things.
Auro turned and walked to one such swirl. “This must be it,” he entered inside of it, momentarily disappearing.

Wyler had followed Ariella with Ileen in tow. “There,” Ariella pointed with several Na’Neelah standing by her. “This is an alternate way out of the caverns,” she informed Wyler. “But you cannot go there while the shields you have up.”
“I got it. Let us gather everyone here,” Wyler turned to them all.
“A sheriff’s notion,” Ileen smirked.
“Always good to hedge our bets. Those soldiers in the front are prepping at anytime to invade the caverns and either arrest or kill us. This is a temporary escape route,” Wyler momentarily pointed.
“But to where?” Ariella asked.
“That’s the big forty dollar question,” Wyler grinned. “Na’Neelah can grab us and run. That means we have fast transportation away from here and to the Ahgundy city, should we be pursued.”
“And what happens to us there?” Ileen crossed her arms.
“One thing at a time,” Wyler kissed her and they both turned to Ariella who smirked at the momentary love interest.
“They make a nice pair,” she commented to the lead Na’Neelah who suddenly rubbed his eye atop his neck.

“Another hour maybe,” Kilr informed the bridge. “We are short handed.”
“We don’t have an hour,” Wade snapped in anger. Just then, a secondary panel appeared in midair. Then both Ahgundy communications panels merged into one. Now Wade was staring at Turr next to Kilr, with Okaa in the background.
“Captain, I have finished. The modifications are now complete. Your craft should be able to operate in a vacuum,” Turr informed him.
“Turr, this is Kilr. Get below to the engine room area,” he instructed. “Captain, he may not know his way down here.”
Wade turned to Walker. “Make sure that the Ahgundy gets to the engine room. It is essential he is there as quickly as possible.”
“Thank you Captain,” Kilr replied.
Walker turned to the panel. “I’ll be right there to get you safely to the engine room,” he commented to Turr and then the panel closed up. Walker turned to Wade one last time.
“As quickly as possible,” Juana smirked, and she could see the rivalry between herself and Walker heating up. Walker exited the bridge. “You do like a competitive energy for promotions,” she watched Wade’s smile broaden.
“Not when it’s a nightmare scenario like this,” Wade rolled his eyes.

Awf and the Ahgundy had all portaled to the fourth city. He had also transferred command systems there though it would require modifications for a new hook up.
“Not as powerful, but it should still work,” an aide commented as they walked from the closing portal behind them.
“Hopefully,” Awf replied with reservations about this entire ordeal.

Wyler, Mike and the other deputies approached the front entry of the cavern. “You sure about this shit?” Mike asked him.
“Nope,” Wyler smirked.
“That’s what I was afraid you was gonna say,” Mike replied.
“That other way out, we have fast transportation. It will take them time to get air support. We take out their ground transportation, they have to wait. That my dear detective,” Wyler waved a momentary finger at him and the others, “is the difference between life and death.”
“I’ll tell ya what’s the difference between life and death. A loving wife versus one fixated on the massive Empire State Building,” he rolled his eyes.
“We all have our problems,” Deputy Steve commented.
“You’re fucking telling me,” Mike shot back.
“Okay, we hit the radiators and run flat tires with everything,” Wyler commented.
“Ain’t gonna work,” Deputy Tim commented. “I used to be military in the early nineties and that radiator is almost bulletproof.”
“Well, then, maybe we get them to wreck a few,” Wyler replied. He turned and watched the waiting soldiers by the Humvee’s outside.
“Hey,” Wyler got the sergeant’s attention. “You,” he called.
“Not coming to you,” he replied. “You’ll shoot us, already demonstrated you’re a hostile.”
“Don’t ram the cavern shields with your vehicles. I am cautioning you,” Wyler called back. Then he turned to the deputies.
“And you think the dumb shit will do that?” Mike questioned him.
“There’s always a first time,” Wyler shrugged, “besides it takes out one of their vehicles if they are that stupid.”
“They’re not that stupid,” another deputy replied.
“Let’s leave,” Wyler instructed. “Prep to use the Na’Neelah’s to get us to the Ahgundy city out the back entry Ariella showed me earlier.”
“And uh, when will we know they were stupid?” Mike asked.
“As soon as we leave,” Wyler replied and they turned and left the entry to the cave.

“No, not that one,” Okaa argued with Turr. “It routes through that,” he pointed at a cord connected to a small white nipple.
“Uh Captain,” the radar called the officer’s attention. “Movement from the cruiser. It appears they are active.”
“Great,” Wade threw his arms up in frustration. “Find out how much longer.”
Walker was almost laughing at the squabbling Ahgundy’s. “That’s not going to work,” Okaa informed Kilr.
All of a sudden, a hovering communications screen opened. It was Captain Wade. “Yes,” Walker saluted the Captain.
“Tell them we are out of time. That cruiser appears to be on the move. Radar has verified this.”
Walker turned to Kilr. “Captain, I will try and open a communication to Awf in the city. He might be able to help us.”
“He better help fast because right now we are sitting ducks. It will take additional time to bring the jump engines online if they still work at all. We are about out of time, am I clear everyone?” Wade asked.
“Yes sir,” Walker replied. He turned to Kilr. “Try and raise your guy on the communications.”
Kilr walked to the hovering panel and changed some text to Ahgundy, and then put in an emergency call to Awf.

All of a sudden, there was a big blam at the entry to the cave. “They really are dumb shits,” Mike replied.
Outside, the front of the cavern, there was smoke and the complete front of the Humvee was gone and in flames.
The driver had an injured arm and the others had stayed out of it, so they remained safe.
“Son of a bitch,” the commander placed his hands at his sides. “They did this on purpose. That sheriff did this on purpose to try and take out our transportation. Let’s radio this in, he is up to something and I need to know we can meet it.”
Auro now had changed the color of the ribbon swirl he was standing within.
The sheriff and the deputies returned to the others. Queebo ran to them. “We are losing our shield protections for the cavern.”
“That affects the back exit too?” Wyler asked.
“Uh yes,” Queebo replied.
“Pull communications with the battleship asap and open a portal to their deck. Ask for Captain Wade and make the portal large enough to take the humans.” Wyler turned to Ariella. “Evacuate the Na’Neelah now, out the backend. They will not be a target of the military and prep to come with us.”
Chapter 20



“Awf, we need protection now,” Kilr calmly pleaded.
“Look, I just got set up here,” Awf replied. “We have moved to the fourth city. There are only two shielded systems from our sources here. This city and the human colony.”
“That’s the problem,” Kilr replied. “The colony has been taken over by bad interests. They are the threat.”
“If I were to shift their shielding, I would be violating a treaty we signed and you know the Ahgundy never violate treaties,” Awf reminded him. “Perhaps you have adjusted to humans too much?”
“And what’s wrong with that?” Walker chimed in. “I’m human and I approve of this as you would be protecting humans here. That means you have not violated your treaty because we are colony members or are we non humans?”
Awf had a decision to make. Mike Walker the human had stressed a point and it was a very valid one. “But they are the colony,” Awf calmly replied.
“What is the definition of the human word colony?” Walker again pushed the point. “Let me tell you how it is defined.  A colony is a group of people also known as humans living together in a new territory. This ship is our territory. Does that clarify things for you?”
Kilr and Turr stepped closer to the panel. “Does what he just said mean we qualify?” Kilr asked.
“Yeah does it?” Turr added his word to theirs.
Awf took a deep breath, then he pulled up a holographic control panel and suddenly there was a slight rumble all over the ship. “Tell Awf to monitor for our own shielding, about an hour from now. As soon as he detects a signature, to remove his shielding,” Okaa instructed.
“I heard and am monitoring,” Awf replied. “By the way, contact with the Sheriff has ceased. It appears the power systems from the Tilmook have ended.”

The Na’Neelah were on the run having left the Lona Hills cavern out the back end.
Meanwhile, Auro approached the soldiers and wrecked Humvee. “You may enter and arrest them, the shields are officially down.”

“Juana, have our guests accommodated,” Wade informed her as the Sheriff followed by Ileen entered the bridge. “Nice to see you again,” Wade rolled his eyes.
“At least they have fresh food heah,” Shirley commented.
“Better than where you were huh?” Mike grinned.
“Until I get my Empiah State Building,” she walked away from him, nose up.
Juana and a navy man walked to the door to greet them. “I have been asked to get you into quarters. Since we are a half crew, there are plenty of rooms below,” she informed them. “Follow him,” she pointed to the navy man.
“Maybe we can help man some stuff,” one deputy suggested.
“Yeah, I’d like to be with the sheriff right now,” Mike commented.
“So would I, “Ileen added.
“The sheriff is on the bridge with the captain and the rest of you will have to stay down here. We have crucial activities on the bridge and it is usually restricted to those personnel. I am sure the sheriff will return here shortly.”
“But he’s my husband,” Ileen protested.
“Bettah than mine,” Shirley turned an eye to Mike. “At least you don’t have to be with him, what have I got,” she shrugged. “Lead on,” she gestured to the navy man. Then she walked out the door with the others except Mike and Ileen.
“See the kind of shit I have to put up with,” Mike gestured. “Than there’s that fucking building.”

“We should try anyhow,” Tarot argued with Mister Guru. “A practice shot.”
“Why not,” Guru smiled. “They already know we are moving. Let us send them a hello. Commander, you may fire at will,” he gestured to the weapons ensign.
Captain Tarot turned to the weapons ensign. “You heard him, fire at will. They are now the enemy.”
There was pause as their two eyes met and then the ensign initiated the plasma weapon. The front of the cruiser’s nose lit up and then it blasted a plasma ball downward at the planet’s surface.
“Incoming,” Radar called.
“Hang on everyone,” the Captain yelled and braced for the incoming plasma fireball and it struck the Ahgundy shields highlighting the extended shielding coming from the city and the fishbowl surrounding the battleship.
It was a very hard hit and a second one rained down upon them followed by a third.
The entire ship had sparks outside as the Ahgundy shielding absorbed the hits, and the explosion sound rocked the old battleship, reminding them they were on borrowed time.
“Get engine room online,” Wade was furious.
The panel came up and Walker was standing there with Kilr. “I wanna know how long?” Wade insisted.
“Tell him almost ready,” Okaa told him. “We should have everything tied together shortly,” he replied.
“Shortly, how long?” Wade asked.
“He wants to know how many minutes,” Walker informed Kilr.
Kilr  faced Okaa. “Their time.”
“Five minutes,” Okaa informed them.
“Okay, five minutes,” Wade stressed and then the panel collapsed.

The lead Na’Neelah held onto Ariella as they ran across the Gore desert and one of the Humvee personnel pointed, “Look, it’s one of them.”
They turned it around with a truck and began a pursuit, as the Na’Neelah seemed to have outdistanced them quickly.

Captain Wade walked to his communication officer. “Pull up the cruiser’s captain, direct. I want to explain things to Tarot.”
“Yes sir,” he replied as Wyler observed what was unfolding.
“And,” the sheriff grinned slightly.
“Watch, and learn,” Wade replied in manufactured confidence.
The com had the radio online. “Captain Wade, you have committed treason and you are now a target,” another fireball came raining down on them with a large explosion. “Did that explain my intent,” and he saw a red devil in the background. So did Wyler.
“I think that is called a GeeLee, a red Ahgundy,” Wyler informed Wade.
“That is exactly who that is,” Tarot replied. “As soon as we can, you will be destroyed. You may evacuate your ship captain to save your crew for arrest. All will be arrested, trialed and hung for treason. Am I clear?”
“So you have declared war on us for upholding the law and protecting our human citizens,” Wade turned and pointed at Wyler, “the law of the colony, officially I might add by all interests. You realize you are the one committing treason.”
All of a sudden, two more fireballs hit the shields and the ship was taking a pounding.
“What the fuck’s with this shit,” Mike held a crying Shirley below deck.
“My husband has to know,” Ileen opened the door and an armed guard was there.
“Captain’s orders from the bridge to secure you all for safety. We know what is happening,” the navy man replied.
“Do you?” one of the deputies asked.
“Trust the plan,” he stressed.
“Some fucking plan,” Mike told him, arms out.

Kilr pulled up a communication panel to the bridge. “Captain Wade, we are ready to try this,” and suddenly two more fireballs rained onto the shielding as sparks flew. “As soon as we activate, Awf will turn off the city shields.”
“Radar, monitor incoming,” Wade instructed as Juana appeared on the bridge again.
“Two every ten seconds,” the radar man replied.
The screen to Awf was still online. “If your system fails will your guy know to reactivate his shields?” Wade asked.
“Not in the time frame your radar man stated,” Awf replied.
“Kilr,” Wyler turned to him. “You have never failed us. Is your guy one hundred percent on these shields?”
Kilr and Walker turned to Okaa. “They will be even stronger then what Awf is supplying us right now.”
“Incoming,” the radar man informed them and the two blasts occurred right on time. The blue sparks dissipated.
“Do it now,” Wade instructed, and Okaa threw the switch, the connector sparked and nothing else happened. “Where is our shields?” Wade demanded.
“They’re working…I think,” Okaa replied.
“You think?” Walker questioned with suspicion.
“Incoming,” the radar man informed them and the two fireballs shot down from the heavens and closed quickly on the battleship.
Chapter 21



The fireballs hit invisible shields and there were blue sparks and the impacts they made were less harsh then they had been.
“Woohoo,” Walker yelled. “Son of a bitch, you saved us,” he grabbed Okaa.
“What about our engines, can we power up now?” Wade asked.
“Yes, by all means,” Okaa replied. “I shall activate the environment systems. Make sure your people in the big turrets are secured and do not open them until full systems and artificial gravity come online.”
“Okay,” Wade smiled and turned, shook hands with Wyler.
“First target,” Wade asked the sheriff.
Wyler turned to Kilr in the main panel. “Contact Awf and see if the shields can be restored to the rest of the colony except the Whitehouse after our arrival.” Then he turned to Wade. “Time to take things back. The space cruiser can no longer hit us,” he reaffirmed to Wade.
“Exactly what I was thinking,” Wade turned to Juana.
“Yes he can sheriff, and he congratulates you on your decision,” Kilr replied.
“I shall remain here with your engine room crew to maintain this system and adjust it so it is in peak performance the Ahgundy way,” Kilr informed them all.
“The Ahgundy way?” Walker raised a momentary eyebrow and Kilr tried to raise his eyebrow skin that was above his eye, but was unable to mimic what Walker did.

Lonato had hid as they searched his cabin. “I guess we now own his store,” Clarence smiled at Seth and his henchmen.
“I admire your style,” Seth praised him.
“Clean it out, bring everything to the town,” Clarence instructed.

The GeeLee army all cautiously gazed through one large portal into the lead Ahgundy city. The red menace was almost here. The tyranny would finally arrive to assume control of the city, but it seemed vacant.
Sylk watched through the portal behind his warlord named Wott. “Nobody there?” Wott questioned.
“We shall search everything,” Sylk instructed. “Slay all Ahgundy’s you find. I shall work on connecting to their systems from here.”
“And the human’s?” Wott asked.
“On borrowed time,” Sylk replied.

“We are powered and ready to roll,” the engine room informed Wade as Walker remained at the Captain’s instruction, within the engine room.
“Helm, take us across the Gore desert move out slowly,” Wade commanded.

“Sir, they are moving,” the navigator on the space cruiser informed Captain Tarot.
“Do not worry about them,” Mister Guru ordered. “Start bombarding the capitol city of the Ahgundy’s in the Cordole Mountains, the largest and western most city. These orders come from both Sylk as well as your General Ought.”
“Do as he says,” Tarot ordered the navigator.
“Almost in position,” the navigator replied.

“Sir,” the radar man called to Wade. “It appears the cruiser has broken off the attack and has shifted their position.”
“I guess, they figured we were invulnerable at this point,” Wade surmised.
“No,” Wyler cut in. “I think they are going on a different attack.”
“And who would that be?” Juana asked the sheriff.
“The Ahgundy,” Wade chimed in. “They need to take out the Ahgundy because they have been having a lot of problems with their new temporary guy, what’s his name?” Wade snapped his fingers as the name eluded him.
“Awf,” Kilr and Turr entered the bridge.
“Perhaps we should alert them,” Juana suggested.
“They are already aware of it,” Kilr replied. “The Ahgundy are aware of a great many things.”
“So you are the one who is the leader of this craft?” Turr asked Wade.
“Captain Wade,” he grinned, “and which one are you?” the Captain asked.
“This is Turr,” Kilr informed Wade. “He has upgraded your weapons and environment controls. He can help operate them from here where you have a view.”
“I see,” Wade grabbed his chin a moment, then turned to Wyler, and then back to Kilr. “You have a very efficient deputy,” Wade praised both Ahgundy’s and they both at the same time clasped their hands together and made a slight bow.
“And a very polite race,” Wyler smirked. “Uh Captain, I’d like to check on my wife and the others.”
“Juana, take Wyler below, then get back up here,” Wade turned to the Ahgundy. “And the both of you open a communication to your friend below and remain on the bridge. I’ll need you both here.”
Kilr turned to a passing Wyler who paused a moment. “Do as the captain asks. It’s his big fish,” Wyler smiled and then turned and followed Juana out the door of the bridge.
“Tell me about this environment and our weapons upgrades, and explain going slow up and fast down,” Wade asked Turr.

“We are at the prime coordinates,” the navigator informed Guru and Captain Tarot. He checked his scanner for a moment. “The city is unshielded.”
“Good, take out their shielding systems, but leave the rest intact for our initial invasion,” Guru instructed.
The navigator turned to his weapons officer who replied, “Targeting now sir.”
“You may fire when ready,” Guru sat back in the captain’s chair. “See how easy things get done by the GeeLee,” he taunted the captain with arrogance.
The weapons officer initiated the charges and several fireball bursts rained down upon the abandoned city’s shielding tower, blowing it to bits as fragments flew all over.

Awf was reconnected again as two aides quickly approached. “A human ship from space has destroyed the shielding of the capitol city.”
“I am aware of this. They are not the good humans, plus we have refortified our shielding in this city. This is why all the Ahgundy are located here.” Awf pulled up a communication panel.
Aboard the battleship in the bridge, a panel popped up. Kilr turned to it, as did the others. “An attack by a human ship in space just destroyed the shielding for the capitol city,” Awf informed them.
“We are aware of that,” Captain Wade faced him with Turr behind him at a new popup weapons panel and Kilr standing behind the captain. “Right now, I trust you have shields to survive their attacks?”
“Yes, we do captain. I suspect these are the GeeLee,” Awf sighed. “Unfortunately with minimal systems planet wide, until the real president returns to power everything up, we will have to repel their attacks as best as can be expected.”
“It might not have to be that way,” Captain Wade replied. “I had considered attacking our leadership residence but maybe we can do better. Care to hear my battle plan?”
“Battle plan?” Awf was a bit puzzled.
“You didn’t think they call this a Battleship for its size,” Wade grinned as Juana returned.
“Yes,” Awf was now intrigued. “Let me hear this battle plan.”

The Culligan’s had raided and cleaned out the general store owned by Lonato. They rode in M3 transports back towards Boom Town. “See how it’s done,” Clarence Culligan smirked at Seth.
“I still want me a piece of that there sheriff,” Seth replied
“Would you please get off that—son. We got bigger and better things to deal with right now,” Clarence slapped Seth on the forehead.
“One of these days daddy,” Seth started threatening him.
“One of these days what?” Clarence roared back in a belligerent tone.
“I was jest thinking aloud,” Seth calmly replied as a henchman turned to Clarence and broke a smile.
“Don’t think. You just let me do the thinking, Clarence stressed.

The Na’Neelah stopped short at the foothills to the Cordole Mountains. “No,” Ariella told the lead one whose back she was now sitting on. “We go that way,” she pointed in the direction that skirted the mountain range to the Osposay desert. “There are tall pyramid structures, we use that area.”
The Na’Neelah all turned and ran along the foothills with distant dots that were the Humvee and M3 troop transport whose fuel supply was beginning to run low chasing the blue creatures. Her strategy for the moment was paying off.
She was purposefully running their fuel low while the sheriff and the others were long gone, hopefully safe aboard the Battleship.

“I understand your plan clearly,” Awf responded.
“Good, then we are set,” Wade replied. He turned to Juana. “We will need to arm the sheriff and his deputies properly and provide some shore men to assist once we follow through.”
“Understood,” she replied and left the bridge again.
“Your guy is sure about this?” Wade asked Awf.
“If he said this is complete. It will work as long as everything is sealed properly,” Awf replied.
“Well then, we prep for battle,” Wade informed the crew. “I thank you Awf. We shall contact you again after the initial battles.” The screen collapsed and then the Captain drew a deep breath. “Kilr pull up the engine room.”
Kilr viewed the screen. “Mister Walker, rig for jump to the Whitehouse,” Wade replied. “It is our first target.”

A series of portal holes opened up and many GeeLee emerged into the capitol city. They were armed with proton helmets that could blast anything into dust. The warlord Wott followed behind his troops and behind him, Sylk sat on his throne on the other side of the opened portal watching as the situation unfolded.
“There is nobody here,” a GeeLee Head Sentinel informed Wott.
Wott turned to the open portal of the GeeLee palace and Sylk. “You heard?” he asked.
“They anticipated our move and have traveled to one of the other three smaller cities in the mountain range. If they are shielded, we will have to get those shields down, by tapping into their system and gain control of the weapons platform in space. Their shields are too strong for the Earth vessel.”
“Agreed,” Wott replied. “We might be able to weaken their systems enough by tapping from them in this city.”
“The President’s office may be able to override some systems including weapons, but only if the current Ahgundy in power has not activated remotely,” Sylk informed Wott.
“You heard em,” Wott turned to his sentinels. “Let us locate the President’s office.”
Chapter 22



It was a green mist and it separated them by great distances as Demetreius lay back with multiple suns blasting green cold heat onto his skin.
It tingled every moment with a subtle touch that helped him rest and as he closed his eyes, he imagined Awf, his cities on Ciera.
Everything was perfect in his mind as the President laid there, a smile implanted upon his face.
Tecciztecatl lay back as well and again, separated from the others in this green misty wonderland. His Aztec mind was much clearer and he began to sense great dangers on Ciera, especially for the human colony.
He thought back to the God of the White Dwarf star and his promise not to interfere in return for being able to visit the Ciera system again. He had given his word and the Aztec’s never reneged on their word.
The Aztec Moon God sighed a moment. “The sacrifices,” he mumbled as he fell back into a sleepy state and his mind drifted.
“I like where you are at,” Tonatiuh’s voice rang through.
“Ah, my old friend. You have missed out on wonders, very differing wonders,” the Moon God dawned a momentary smile. “These Tilmook travel multi dimensions even we have not traveled. They know of many places that we know not of.”
“Perhaps when you return to this universe, we shall together visit the Ahgundy system there and quietly engage these Tilmook, though they will need to make larger sacrifices to retain our grand presence.” Tonatiuh’s self-delusional grandeur was the very reason the Aztec had been kicked out of the Ciera system.
“So, how was the human colony?” Tonatiuh asked.
“When I saw them, they were okay,” Tecciztecatl replied.
“Your words are skeptical,” Tonatiuh pushed the envelope of suspicion.
“You never could be deceived by my words,” Tecciztecatl’s smile grew bigger.
“Then you suspect something is broken in the human colony?” Tonatiuh pried.
“I suspect,” Tecciztecatl replied. “But we cannot interfere. It was promised on my behalf to the Sun God of the Ciera system.”
“He always demands too much,” Tonatiuh criticized. “Perhaps if he relaxed as you are at this time, he would act differently. An Aztec must always keep their word, especially a God. Therefore, you are doing right by leaving this alone. Though I realize it bothers you greatly. Has the Ahgundy President with you, what’s his name, become aware of what is occurring on his planet?”
“No,” Tecciztecatl replied. “But, Quetzalcoatl is. This is something I must watch.”
“Indeed my old friend. I shall await the both of your arrivals when you return to this universe and time,” Tonatiuh faded out.

The Humvee and M3 Transport had both stopped the chase as the Na’Neelah’s made it to the eastern side of the Cordole Mountain Range. They were all tired and in the very distance ahead of them were some remnants of the silver pyramids.
“There,” Ariella pointed.

On the large moon that orbited Ciera, the Godumbian Spiritual Leader Oohoohmahswah was at the tabernacle praying to the Sun God Aneemah Hah of the White Dwarf star in this binary Ciera system.
That’s when a priest approached the Spiritual Leader. “Yes?” Oohoohmahswah asked.
“The fighting intensifies on Ciera and in orbit. If it was a simulation, why would they be discharging real weapons, especially the humans?”
“That is a very good question,” Oohoohmahswah replied. “Perhaps our leader should ask that since we have a close relationship with the GeeLee and they appear involved in this.”

“They have shifted jumped toward the colony,” the Navigator informed both Captain Tarot and Mister Guru.
“Open fire on them,” the captain ordered.

“Incoming sir,” the radar man called to Wade.
“Get Juana on,” Wade told Kilr who quickly manipulated the holographic panel dials. “Juana, is the crack team and sheriff’s deputies ready?” he asked.
“They are all equipped,” she replied.

Oohoohmahswah glided through the large open chamber to the Godumbian Leader Kaaswah. “If you wish for more expansion of your main temple, I have considered it and agree we should expand the temple,” Kaaswah smiled.
“No,” Oohoohmahswah replied. “It is the simulations the GeeLee and others informed us of. The human’s, I have been informed, are using real weapons upon one another and also firing upon the Ahgundy Capitol on Ciera. The GeeLee are also somehow involved.”
“I was cautioned of this already,” Kaaswah replied.
“Or perhaps deceived by our friend the GeeLee’s, and or the Ahgundy, maybe the humans too. Perhaps they mean for our destruction once more?”
“The GeeLee and Godumbian’s have always been in a warm relationship,” Kaaswah tried to quell the moment, but Oohoohmahswah suspected something different was occurring.
“Then contact Sylk and hear how he replies to our questions. All will be revealed by his tongue and while we are doing this, we should try and contact Awf and the other main Ahgundy’s as well.”
Kaaswah gazed at Oohoohmahswah for a moment and suspected that if the spiritual leader made such a request, it should be heeded. “Okay,” he replied with some reservation of hesitancy.

Ileen grabbed Wyler in his new Body armor. “I love you,” she kissed him and Tammy admired the love between the both of them.
“Uh, sheriff,” Wyler’s tall Deputy Tim called.
“Hey, notice I didn’t get kissed,” Mike Liebowitz proclaimed. “Mine is in her little cabin having a fit because she didn’t get an Empire State Building.”
“Okay,” Wyler replied. “We’ll meet your soldiers at the target,” he called to Wade behind Juana.
“They are all ready sir,” Juana replied.
“Ready on this end,” Turr turned to Wade from his control panel.
“As human’s say, good luck captain,” Awf commented through the large panel next to the one with Juana.
“Yeah, we’re gonna need it,” Wade replied. “Okay crew, sound klaxons and secure for drop off. Juana, get the men into the chopper. We shall only have moments to drop shields and get your men going.”
“Understood,” she replied, as the shields took a pounding from that cruiser in space, blue sparks dissipating with every hit.
“Walker, hit it,” Wade commanded, “get in position. Turr ready to take control? Awf said he’d power it for us.”
Juana rushed the teams out to the chopper on the front deck as more plasma blasts from space rained down on the shields with loud booms.
The blades were already spinning up as they boarded. “This is fucked,” Detective Mike Liebowitz claimed as more bolts came raining down.
“Yeah, yeah, get in there,” a deputy pushed him ahead and he climbed aboard with the others.
“Pilot, wait till the signal is green then get out fast. You will have seconds before the shields are reactivated,” Juana informed him.
“Got it,” he gave her the okay sign and they all hung on for dear life.
“We will be going in very hot with the teams,” Wyler informed Mike.
“It’s better than being with that wife of mine,” Mike shot back. “A fucking big building,” he shook his head.
Five more plasma blasts hit and the Battleship jumped to position as Juana turned and gave the bridge the wave. The shields came down and the chopper lifted fast, then flew off the left side, down and was away as the shields went back up and new shots rang down on the battleship.

“Sir,” the navigator informed Tarot on the cruiser. “A small flying craft has departed the battleship.”
“Targeting now,” the weapons technician informed them.

The chopper veered left as a plamsa blast missed them. “Fuck!” Mike called out.

“Jump now, Wade instructed and the Battleship jumped over near the Cordole Mountains.

“We can’t target both,” weapons informed Guru and the captain.
“The Battleship,” Captain Tarot instructed.
Weapons shifted to the attacks again on the battleship, drawing the fire away from the chopper.
Across the Gore desert near the very distant Cordole Mountains, they watched from the open door of the chopper as the plasma rained down.
“Ready for drop off number one,” the pilot called to Wyler.
The chopper set down and Wyler, the deputies and a few soldiers jumped out of the open door. Then it took flight across the Tereneo Valley to jump off point number two and dropped team two off there.
Then it gained altitude, flew closer to the target, and finally dropped off team number three, cutting the engines. The Whitehouse was in view and so were a number of military as well.

Juana entered the bridge. “Passengers secured,” she informed the captain. “They walked through the portal back into the abandoned pyramid as the sheriff requested.”
“Queebo will secure them there,” Kilr replied, “as soon as he can locate an alternate power source communications with them should be restored. Otherwise, with no power turned on, nobody will know they are there.”
“Just for the record,” Wade folded his arms. “You realize that I still think they were safer here.”
“I know that Captain,” Juana broke a rare and slight grin of support.
“Okay Awf, let us take care of part two. Turr, it is your show, work your magic,” Wade ordered and Turr manipulated the controls. “Will go active when we arrive.”
“Com, get me the cruiser’s captain,” Wade ordered.
“Online in a moment,” he replied. “It’s live.”
“Captain, might I advise you abandon your attack and ship right now,” Wade hinted.
“Abandon when we are close to taking you out. This is war Captain Wade,” he turned to weapons, “hit them with everything and I do mean everything.”
“Thanks for defining an enemy, Captain.” Wade saluted him with the klaxon still sounding. He turned to Turr. “Take her away.”
Suddenly a pink glow surrounded the entire outside of the ship around its underbelly, and across its deck, everything was now surrounded. “Jumping now,” the helmsman told them. “Hold on to your butts.”
The ship creaked and rattled in a few places as the environment control solidified.
“Ready now,” Turr manipulated the dials and the Battleship took flight, pointing nose first up towards space.
It was moving slowly but constantly picking up speed at a steady rate, and the creaking from the hull left many worried for the moment.

“They’re flying higher and higher on a collision course with our position,” the navigator informed both Tarot and Guru.
“That’s impossible,” Captain Tarot shot back in disbelief. “Hit em with everything,” he demanded and they opened fire against the ascending Battleship as it continued toward space.
The Ahgundy weapons platform began gliding on a rendezvous in the direction of the space cruiser as well.
Chapter 23



Ariella ascended the steps of the silver pyramid. “Nobody is here,” she turned to the other Na’Neelah’s. “See,” she smiled. “Safe, I tell you, they are safe here.” The creatures all glanced around at each other and they were very tired, as the later part of the day had arrived.
Ileen and Tammy emerged at the top and waved at Ariella below. “Up here,” Ileen yelled and Ariella dismounted and then turned to the Na’Neelah.
“Wait here,” Ariella instructed them.
Ileen descended and both women hugged with Tammy shouldering her rifle. “They have gone to war,” Ileen broke a modest smile of hope mixed with petulant worries.
“They will succeed,” Ariella informed her. “They have a God and that God makes everything.”
“I know,” Ileen smiled slightly. “I don’t think this structure is big enough for them all,” she referenced the many Na’Neelah’s below.
“A few will remain here in case we have an emergency. The rest will return home,” Ariella replied. “I will tell them to,” she turned around, descended the steps to the Na’Neelah, as both ladies watched.
Then a large part of the herd turned and ran west towards the very distant Sateelo Mountains and beyond that, the Lona Hills and home. Only four Na’Neelah’s remained.
Three of the remaining Na’Neelah’s began grazing on Seepo plants that were scattered about.
They were a purple blue color like the Ahgundy’s, and they had red marsh type leaves at their base and a tall golden thin hairy thistle atop which the Na’Neelah’s found the tastiest part of the plant..
The Seepos were more abundant in the Osposay Desert then the Gore Desert near the Lona Hills.
So this was a rare treat for the Na’Neelah’s. The lead Na’Neelah who could understand human languages the best, followed Ariella up the steps of the pyramid structure.
With the top half of the pyramid flattened, it allowed for a wider base for them to gather.
Aside from the mountains west of their position, the Osposay Desert stretched on for quite a distance as far as they could glimpse.

“How we going to fucking work this?” multiple machine gun shots flew by them and they were pinned.
“Hunker down, the other team attacks will split these forces,” Wyler replied. “We have a job to do—and they are limited,” Wyler took aim, taking several rifle shots back at the shooters.

“I assure you,” Sylk replied to the Godumbian Leader Kaaswah, “these are coordinated practice between the Ahgundy and the human’s.”
“But there are real explosions and destruction. Our sensors have detected this,” Kaaswah replied and then turned to his Spiritual Leader Oohoohmahswah.
“Something is not right,” Oohoohmahswah interceded.
“There are times,” Sylk ran his fingers between the horns on his red head, and for a moment as was typical of the GeeLee under stress, this eyes glowed brighter before returning to their normal yellow glow, “that appearances are deceiving.”
“You just made my point,” Oohoohmahswah replied. “Appearances are deceiving.”
“I do not like where this is going,” Sylk became momentarily unnerved and that suppressed mistrust was making his eyes glow with more intensity before they again changed to normal.
“I do not like where this is going either,” Kaaswah turned to Oohoohmahswah. Then he turned back to Sylk. “My Spiritual Leader must attend to religion. The GeeLee and Ahgundy have always been at peace and I see no reason that changes now.”
“Good…very good,” Sylk’s eyes had cooled down a lot as the situation deescalated to one of mutual trust, mixed with underlying skepticism. “Sometimes, leaders must be reminded that they can maintain peace and trust by talking and I do respect your religion,” Sylk broke a slight grin at Oohoohmahswah, and Kaaswah read that.
“Be at peace my friend,” Kaaswah replied and the communication was severed.
“And you buy that?” Oohoohmahswah asked.
“I am not sure right now,” Kaaswah replied. “We are not under attack.”
“Yet,” Oohoohmahswah shot back with some contempt.
“Perhaps Aneemah Hah requires more consultation on your efforts for answers to what is really happening?”
“Yes—perhaps,” Oohoohmahswah swiveled and then glided out of the chamber.

They were being fired upon on both sides and Wyler, Mike and the others felt as though things were coming down fast with the group now returning fire in opposite directions and then ducking for cover.
“Pinned, we are fucking pinned by these ever loving muthafuckahs,” Mike exclaimed.
“No shit,” Tim replied to him.
Just then, the chopper flew overhead and opened fire with a fifty cal on the forces between the group and the not so distant Whitehouse. This brought a few cheers but it would be short lived.
The third group had already gotten into a firefight with military at the base near the Whitehouse and the shots were ringing far and wide, ricocheting in all directions, machine gun bursts and anonymous sniper fire too.
This was as close to a war zone as it got and it wasn’t cooling down anytime soon.

“Bring us down their throats,” Wade ordered. “Kilr activate it now,” he ordered and Kilr rotated a dial on a small remote holographic control panel and the approaching Ahgundy Weapons platform suddenly activated as two streams of plasma connected to it one from each sun.
“It is working,” Kilr replied.
“Communications, open a channel to the cruiser one last time,” Wade ordered.
“You’re on sir,” he replied.
“Captain Tarot, stand down, this is a last warning,” Wade threatened.
“Go to hell,” Captain Tarot replied, and the GeeLee, Mister Guru’s eyes glowed a bright yellow as he broke a big smile. “Hit em with everything and open fire on the fourth Ahgundy city to weaken them.”
The cruiser opened fire while the communication with Wade was cut and the Battleship’s shields absorbed it all as Wade turned to Kilr. “Them first,” he nodded and Kilr pushed the dial and the weapons platform horizontally unloaded on the cruiser which began draining the ship’s shields.
“Now,” Wade called. “All forward guns open fire on the Cruiser, destroy it now.” The Battleship fired large plasma rounds from the large rotated guns, firing through their protective pink shields at the cruiser.
The incoming fire upon the fourth Ahgundy City had severely damaged the shields and Awf was having a very hard time at this point.
“We cannot hold this power drain much longer without full systems,” an Aid replied.
“Make the jump now and get us out of this star system,” Captain Tarot ordered and the slightly damaged Cruiser opened a conduit and jumped through as the Battleship and weapons platform had caused a retreat.
The bridge crew raised their arms in victory while the Battleship and weapons platform both powered their weapons down. “It’s not over,” Wade commented.
“But they left,” Kilr replied. “Did we not drive them away from the battle?”
“That is all we did. This captain will return, but the question is where?” Wade replied.

Kaaswah had been resting and hovering in the chamber when an aide glided forward. “Two Godumbian scouts have been dispatched,” he informed the Leader.
“Who authorized this?” Kaaswah demanded and the doorway widened and in glided Oohoohmahswah.
“They are exploratory and wanted to observe these simulations. I made a spiritual authorization as I am permitted to do so by law, since the Ahgundy weapon in orbit of Ciera was initiated. It is also in the treaty you agreed upon.”
There was a moment of pause as the two Godumbian leaders closed gap and were now face to face with each other. “You do realize your actions could lead to a new war,” Kaaswah speculated with some anger in his tone.
“Sometimes, actions are what are required,” Oohoohmahswah replied. “For without the strength and threat of actions, do you not with, invite the very tyranny while trying to appease?”
“This is why my old friend, we look to your wisdom and guidance at times like these and the belief in our God Aneemah Hah,” Kaaswah broke a broad smile. He turned to the aide. “Have our scouts report their findings to me in this chamber.”
“As you both wish,” the Godumbian aide floated away and out the chamber.
“You did the right action and by our laws,” Kaaswah praised Oohoohmahswah. “We should try and contact Awf and the Ahgundy and find out more about this simulation.”

“Take us down to the Whitehouse,” wade ordered. “We have a date with a certain General and questions that require answers.”
“With pleasure,” Juana turned to the navigator and then Awf and the Battleship began to make a slight dive towards Ciera’s surface.
Meanwhile they had a real firefight outside the Whitehouse and now two tanks were on the move. The third group of soldiers had almost all been killed and the second group was pinned like Wyler’s group.
“Tanks,” one of the deputies pointed.
“Now how do we handle this?” Mike asked and the turret swiveled on the tank towards their position as the chopper flew around and opened fire on the tank.
It drew the attention for the moment of the tank gunnery as the turret swiveled and the Sheriff called to his team, “run over there and hunker down.”
As they got up, a sniper bullet took one of the navy men, downing him, and they retreated back to a ditch.
“You realize, we’re still very fucked,” Mike informed Wyler.
“I guess your wife doesn’t get her Empire State Building,” Wyler broke a slight grin. “At least she won’t bother you about it anymore.”
“And that’s supposed to fucking comfort me?” Mike elevated his speculative sarcasm.
“Look,” another soldier pointed. “Two more tanks rolling this way.”
“That’s not good,” Wyler swallowed a hard lump and at a great distance under a breeze below the Ahgundy suns, Ileen turned atop that pyramid and the other ladies watched her.
“What is it?” Shirley asked.
“I don’t know,” Ileen replied with some worry. “I just sense something and it isn’t good at all.”
“Your husband, your connection,” Tammy began to suspect.
“Yes,” Ileen had a tear well up in her eye. “I feel like it isn’t working out for them.”
“That means I am losing Mike,” Shirley grabbed Ileen’s shoulders as she stared west at the distant Cordole Mountains.
“All of them,” Ileen turned and momentarily gazed back into her eyes and Ileen’s soul, for the moment felt lost and hopeless.

Oohoohmahswah stood over his tabernacle and concentrated and in his thoughts, he felt that Aneemah Hah was not responding, so he shifted his telepathy at a distance and began to concentrate on his Aztec friend Tecciztecatl.
He intensified that concentration and in another dimension of pure light, that concentration began to ring true.

Below on Ciera, the GeeLee warlord Wott was now with an army, outside the gates to the shielded fourth city. He opened a communication portal with Sylk. “We cannot yet penetrate their protections,” Wott informed Sylk. “However, the Ahgundy are all located within this city.”
“Auro is working on it and coordinating with Mister Guru. Just be patient my friend. Remain where you are until we can overcome this very temporary situation. I placed them where they are for a purpose.”
The four tanks were closing fast and the chopper lay in smoldering ruins, shot down across the battlefield. “This is how it ends?” one of the deputies asked.
“No,” Wyler replied. “They intend to exterminate us and with this armor they may very well do so,” the sheriff replied as the turrets all focused on their ditch.
Chapter 24



Ileen’s tears had intensified and she was beginning to realize her husband’s death was near. The ladies worries were starting to set in, even at a distance.

Tecciztecatl was standing before Demetreius. “You wish to say sometime to me?” However, Tecciztecatl was not speaking words, just staring into the Ahgundy leader’s eyes and a message was forming.
Just then the Tilmook Moorgo appeared. “I wish to visit the Godumbian Spiritual Leader Oohoohmahswah,” Tecciztecatl told Moorgo. “Your instant portal would make that quick.”
Then he turned and stared at Demetreius once more and a message was getting across to the Ahgundy President. “Perhaps I should check on things as well.”
“Leave my counterpart Quetzalcoatl to enjoy their vacation here while I visit my Godumbian friend,” Tecciztecatl instructed.
“As you both wish,” Moorgo replied.

Auro had used the Tilmook system in their city to weaken Awf’s shields to the city and the Warlord Wott was prepping to invade and with devastating consequences for all.

It was over as Wyler’s group had forces closing in on all sides. Heth approached General Ought. “It appears we have captured the Sheriff and his band. The Ahgundy capitol is ours and the GeeLee forces are about to take down the existing Ahgundy leader.”
“Excellent,” Ought broke a smile. “Exterminate the sheriff and the other captures as soon as possible. We don’t need them anymore. Clarence Culligan is a very smart man,” Ought’s smile broadened.
“As you wish,” Heth bowed slightly, hands clasped, and then turned and walked out.
The fourth city’s shielding collapsed and the cruiser reappeared fully charged above them. “That’s it, we have lost,” Awf disconnected from the system as it powered down and the orbiting weapon’s platform disengaged and went dark, both streams of plasma dissipating.
“They will destroy all of us,” the aide informed Awf.
“Yes, they will,” Awf replied.

“We wait here,” Mister Guru informed the crew. “Their large ship will be disabled soon enough. Our forces are prepping to annihilate the Ahgundy in that city and its leader. We will shortly seize control of Ciera.”
“Stand down, and power down systems,” Captain Tarot ordered his crew. “I am glad we had the time to attain the repairs that we did.”
“There are rewards and strengths with the GeeLee,” Guru bragged as his eyes glowed with momentary intensity.
“Yes—yes, I see that now,” Tarot’s smile broadened.

“We’re fucked, totally fucked,” Mike informed them. “My preference is to take out as many as we can.”
“Well, they say from the forests to the city,” Wyler broke a slight grin. “That’s America, never giving up. The spirit will always be there,” he added with pride as the forces closed the loop. “I just wish someone would have lent a helping hand.”
The tanks had rolled to a stop and the turrets had rotated their big guns which were all pointed down at them. The moment was becoming grim.
“Curtains,” Mike cocked the machine gun. “Just like the Bronx,” he took aim at the underside of the tank.
“Ready, aim,” Wyler instructed and the others had soldiers in their sights. The death moment had arrived. Wyler lifted the rifle, and just then when the closest tank was about to annihilate them.
Blam! Blam! Blam! Blam! Four plasma shots disintegrated all four tanks into dust and the surrounding military took hits as well.
“Got them all,” Kilr informed the Captain with a momentary clenched raised fist of pride as the Battleship cruised in from a distance.
“Now the Whitehouse, take the entire place out,” Wade instructed and the big forward gun on the Battleship rotated, and then fired a plasma weapon and the shot dissolved the Whitehouse as Ought stared at the ceiling dissolving and then himself as well.
“Direct hit,” Kilr replied. “You owe this thanks as human’s call it, to Turr,” and a crewmember patted Turr on the shoulder and gave the Ahgundy an okay sign.
“Take out their remaining armor and then try and engage that cruiser overhead,” Wade commanded. “This should give the Sheriff and his merry band, enough time to get their job done.”
Awf opened an emergency communication with Kilr. “Invasion here, GeeLee invading.”
“We seem to have a problem,” Kilr turned to Wade. If we help Awf in an unshielded city with that invasion, the cruiser would attack and destroy the city. If we attack the cruiser, the invasion force still wins. Since we cannot activate the weapons platform we lose either way.”
“That’s a very good point. However the cruiser is the greater threat right now,” Wade pointed out.
Wyler and the second team now were paired up and with the armor all gone along with the Whitehouse and leadership, they were gaining control over the existing forces.

“Sir, the battleship is returning to space,” navigation informed the captain.
“This time, we shall be ready for them,” Captain Tarot grinned and turned to Guru.

“Without the weapon’s platform, it will be a standoff,” Kilr commented.
“I realize that,” Wade held his chin and thought for the moment. “Ever hear of a no win situation?” he asked Kilr.
“No win situation,” Turr seemed a bit perplexed.
“As we approach, angle the front guns and then turn this ship sideways. Aim the back guns down for precision on the surface. We can hit them both at the same time. Stall the cruiser here and take out what we can below.”
“As you wish,” Kilr replied.

“You are all under arrest,” Wyler called from behind a building.
“Goto hell sheriff, we have orders,” a soldier called back and opened fire on them.

The battleship opened fire on the cruiser, its strengthened shields easily absorbed the plasma fire and then returned fire, and this almost blew through the pink shields protecting it.
The rear gun jammed and could not position to fire on the surface. “This isn’t working,” Juana became skeptical.
The fire we took has weakened our protection on this craft by forty percent,” Kilr informed them.

“Explain it to them only this time, intensify it,” Captain Tarot drew a grin of arrogance.

Another big shot from the cruiser hit the pink shields and this time the Battleship was losing atmosphere. “What’s happening?” Wade asked.
“Their systems have been made stronger, our protection is now down to fifteen percent, we are losing atmosphere,” Turr replied.
“Get us down fast and make a jump out of here,” Wade ordered.
“We won’t get another chance here,” Juana faced Wade.
“Do it now,” Wade ordered.

“Destroy them,” Captain Tarot ordered, the cruiser powered up and just then, the Battleship jumped back down to the surface, then jumped from its position and the shots of plasma rang down where they had been.

“Strategy,” Juana asked.
“Keep jumping, and distract them while we buy the Ahgundy more time,” Wade replied.

The Ahgundy were on the run as Wott and the GeeLee were beginning to pour into the fourth city. The Ahgundy were heading toward the distant pyramid ruins across the Osposay Desert.

“I’m taking over,” Demetreius materialized in the distant Ahgundy city of Aoomaro as he walked past Seol, that city’s leader with Tecciztecatl following in tow. He paused a moment and grinned at the Aoomaro Ahgundy leader Seol.
“Mister President, we are honored, what is the reason for this?” Seol seemed bewildered. “We are aware that Awf has had some issues.”
“Maintenance,” Demetreius replied. “What happens when you leave things to amateurs like yourself—for example?” the questioned belittled Seol.
They entered the Ahgundy sub control chamber’s in Aoomaro’s capitol city and Demetreius began self connecting to Ciera’s core system.
“Ah, that is much better,” the president smiled. “Like the human’s state. There is no place like home. Watch how quick it gets done when a pro is in charge.”
The Ciera systems began rapidly activating at the planet’s core and this tipped off Sylk whose eyes glowed brightly as he stood up. A portal opened and Moorgo exited. “I trust you took care of business,” Demetreius asked.
“Business has been terminated, our systems are again out of their usage,” Moorgo replied.
“Good,” Demetreius replied. As soon as I am finished with some maintenance here. I shall return with you to enjoy the remainder of my as human’s call it…vacation.”
“We will be delighted,” Moorgo stepped back through the open portal which closed.
The fourth city re-shielded as did the others now trapping the GeeLee invasion forces within those shields.
Then from the Gore and Osposay deserts thousands of weapons platforms shot up into low orbit while the two Godumbian scout ships were drawing fire from the cruiser which blew one of the small ship’s to bits.
“You may recall your forces,” Demetreius instructed Kaaswah on an open channel. “I’ll take it from here,” the Ahgundy president further informed as the weapons platforms were rapidly deploying around all of Ciera.
Demetreius turned to Seol with a broadened smile. “Watch how the real Ahgundy do things,” he initiated something.
“Captain, something is happening,” Kilr informed Wade. “The entire Ahgundy systems have come back online,” he seemed desperate.
“If what you say has occurred and the GeeLee have assumed control, then this war is over,” Wade was becoming demoralized by the moment.

“What the fuck are those,” Mike pointed skyward.
“Weapon platforms,” Wyler speculated. “Either Awf got the system working or these GeeLee’s have. “We’ll know very shortly,” Wyler paused as the shooting had mostly gone quiet in this standoff on the base.

The platforms all powered up at once, streams of energy interconnected across the Ciera skies.
“What’s that,” Shirley pointed at the large group of running Ahgundy’s.
Tammy pulled her binoculars out and spied them. “All Ahgundy’s,” she informed them.
“Something is happening, there has been a big change,” Ariella calmed them. “Perhaps it is God in control. He always wins.”
“That means my husband and the ship have been destroyed and who is controlling those weapons in space are the GeeLee’s,” Ileen’s tone was glum.
“With the retreating Ahgundy’s approaching here, we will become a target now,” Tammy informed both ladies.
“Have faith in God,” Ariella continued to push the narrative.
“So much for my Empiah State Building,” Shirley casually replied in her downtown Manhattan drawl. “Win some and lose some. I married a losah.”
“Not yet,” Ariella replied. “We must wait to be informed what has occurred,” she turned to her Na’Neelah friend. “God will protect us,” she told him with a reassuring pleasant smile.
And the blue Na’Neelah gestured with a slight grin and a huh, huh, huh.

“Ya know,” Mike informed Wyler.
“Know what,” the sheriff replied.
“As soon as we get outta this shit, my wife’s going to want that building,” Mike rolled his eyes with his trademark smirk. “She probably thinks I lost and am a losah,” he added. “I know her kind too well.”
“Well, that’s better than mine,” a deputy replied. “She sued me for child custody support back on Earth. Then the Earth got pasted and boom, no child support payments.
“That’s a pretty callous statement from a lawman,” a soldier commented.
“Right now, we better survive all the sniping going around,” Wyler suggested. Then he took a rifle and took aim at a shot he thought he had. He squeezed off a round, the bullet stopped right out of the barrel, turned and then just dropped to the ground.
“What just happened?” Mike asked the sheriff.
Wyler squeezed off another shot and the same thing occurred. “Either these GeeLee have disabled all the weapons or the Ahgundy have.”
“So it’s a good thing, huh?” a deputy added.
“We will find out shortly,” Wyler replied.

Thirteen weapon’s platforms turned horizontally and opened fire on the cruiser from multiple directions.
“Noooooo!” Captain Tarot yelled as their drained shields were rapidly collapsing.
“Called me a devil,” Mister Guru’s smile grew every passing moment. “You live by the devil, you perish by the devils you keep,” he informed them all in fear as the cruiser burst apart in a blast seen from the ground.

“I think they got the Battleship,” Tammy told the women as the first of the Ahgundy with Awf and his aids at the lead, reached the steps of the pyramid.
“Maybe they got the cruiser and those weapons above are under God’s control,” Ariella brought them a positive.
“Look who’s coming,” Shirley pointed down as they all watched the Ahgundy’s who ran past the three grazing Na’Neelah’s below.
Awf got to the top first and bowed slightly with some of the other Ahgundy’s. “What is happening?” Ileen asked as she ran and hugged the taller Ahgundy.
“I think the president has returned,” Awf replied. “The GeeLee could not do that,” he pointed at the sky and all the crisscrossing streams of weapons plasma powering the platforms.
“You see,” Ariella took her hand off the Na’Neelah. “It is as I said,” she smiled. “God has come to do battle for us.”
“They say God works in mysterious ways,” Tammy grinned.
“And my husband?” Ileen asked.

A communication channel opened on the Battleship Bridge and Kilr turned to it.
Demetreius face appeared and Kilr and Turr both bowed slightly, hands clasped as the rest of the crew on the bridge watched. Wade approached the holographic display.
“Mister President,” Captain Wade greeted him.
“Your sheriff and his men are safe. All weapons have been automatically disabled, even what you call sharp instruments such as a knife. Please bring your craft to the Aztec structures in the Osposay Desert and retrieve Awf, the Ahgundy’s and the humans.”
“But the GeeLee,” Wade began to question.
“You will return them to the capitol city which has been cleaned of the GeeLee. As for the cruiser, it has been destroyed and I shall be clearing things up shortly,” Demetreius leaned forward glancing at Kilr. “I don’t like losing.”
“Neither do I,” Wade grinned and Demetreius broke a pleasant smile.
“Good. Inform Awf I shall return there. Kilr, you will be sent right now to assume control at your Sheriff’s station and prep the Godumbian Ambassador’s quarters. Their leader will be visiting. Also jail all the hostile forces that attacked the sheriff.”
“Turr,” Demetreius instructed. “You and Okaa will contact Awf once I have established communications with him. My Aztec friend wishes to visit an old place,” in which case Demetreius turned a moment in a temporary rancorous tone, “may seem familiar to his kind.”
“As you wish Mister President,” Kilr replied and a portal opened up and Kilr took one last look at everyone. “Thank you all,” he smiled at Captain Wade, Juana and the others, just as Walker made an appearance.
Then Kilr walked through that portal and into the abandoned closed Sheriff’s Station in the colony. The portal closed and Turr manipulated a dial and atop the pyramid a communications panel appeared.
“Look,” Ileen called and Awf turned around to glimpse Demetreius.
“Mister President,” Awf and other Ahgundy all made that slight bow, hands clasped.
“It was not much of a vacation,” his eyes shifted to the four human women for a moment then back on Awf, “because amateurs have a lot to learn.”
“He tried his best,” Ariella chimed in defending Awf.
“Trying and succeeding are two very different things. Awf showed he is incapable of ever running Ciera.”
“That is awful,” Ileen protested.
“Perhaps God intervened to bring you back,” Ariella suggested, easing the momentary frustrations and questions.
“Yes…perhaps,” Demetreius eyes momentarily shifted to Tecciztecatl who smiled and waved at them all.
“Awf…Kilr has been sent back to his place and a large ship will be here shortly to retrieve you all to the Capitol City where I shall be awaiting.”
“What about our husband’s” Ileen asked.
“They are alive,” Demetreius replied. “Awf…Turr and Okaa will be returning to you shortly on that ship as they call it. Use the portal from the ship after it arrives at the Capitol.”
“What about the other cities?” Awf asked.
“All of the GeeLee have been exterminated, and that problem will go to another place as well. It is time to fix what has been broken for a very long history on this planet,” the portal closed.
All of the weapons platforms converged in orbit and with a large gathering of many streams of energy, a blast shot down upon the GeeLee city and Sylk stood up, his hands out and screamed “Nooooooo!” as trillions of sun hot diamonds blasted down through everything and the shielding collapsed.
The GeeLee for what they had done were obliterated by a President who dealt harshly and appropriately for those who committed treason and remained a longtime threat. They were no more.
Chapter 25



Parked outside and hovering near the Capitol Ahgundy city were all of them as Demetreius approached Awf in his restored chambers. “Flunkies,” Shirley whispered, as she watched.
Awf cleared his throat. “We tried, but I could never fully connect to your system,” he began to explained.
“You were not meant to,” Demetreius replied calmly. He turned to the four ladies with a Na’Neelah standing next to Ariella and the other three Na’Neelah’s trotting home to the Lona Hills.
“I would like to go back to the Na’Neelah’s cave which is where I shall remain with Queebo,” Ariella replied.
Demetreius opened a portal to the cavern and both Ariella and the Na’Neelah got to the edge of it. Then she turned to Awf, and momentarily hugged him, then Ileen. Then she turned to Shirley. “You deserve your big building.”
“My husband doesn’t think so,” she casually replied.
Ariella turned back to Demetreius. “Thank you,” she broke a slight smile, then she walked through the portal with her Na’Neelah, and a momentary bow from Queebo as he followed, passing the President. The portal closed.
“Our husbands,” Ileen enquired with a raised brow.
Demetreius put his hand out and a portal opened to the station. “But of course,” the President smiled. The three ladies turned and walked through it and the men were waiting on the other side as that portal closed up.

“I love you,” Ileen ran and grabbed Wyler tight and Shirley approached Mike and he could see she wasn’t in a great mood.
“Honey,” Mike put his hands out. “I’m still alive.”
“Don’t honey me,” she bullied him. “You owe me a huge building mistah,” she reminded him and they all broke out in laugher.
“I was so worried about you,” Ileen was in tears as she hugged Wyler tighter.
“What about me,” Mike asked.
“I’ll think about it,” Shirley withheld a few moments.
“And,” Mike smirked pouring on his Bronx charm.
“You convinced me for now mistah, but you bettah come through,” she grabbed and hugged him, they both embraced, and just then, the portal to the Ambassador’s residence activated fully.

“Awf, restore this Captain’s ship to what it was before the modifications we made,” Demetreius ordered. “Thank you for your service captain. I am sure you human’s wish to return to your colony to clean up what is left of your kind.”
Captain Wade had his cap in hand with his officers standing there. “Yes,” he broke a modest smile and extended a hand to Demetreius. The President now understanding human tradition took his hand in both of his, smiled and shook it. “Thank you for saving us and the planet.”
“That’s what real president’s are for,” Demetreius replied.

Several days had passed and things were finally getting back to normal around the planet as the sheriff once again relaxed this sunny morning within his cabin, while Ileen cooked breakfast.
“You know, there was something else behind all of this,” Wyler sipped some hot coffee as she set a plate down with bacon, eggs and hash browns upon the table.
“How so?” she cocked her head. “Weren’t the GeeLee and the bad General tied into it all?”
“Something else behind them,” he replied. “My years in law enforcement and my gut instinct as a lawman say that someone else was pushing these buttons.”
“Well, I am sure you will find who it was, besides, your detective must be a very happy man across the Tereneo Valley,” she pointed at the window and where the Whitehouse once stood was an Ahgundy constructed, exact replica of the New York City Empire State Building.

“I am so fucking miserable up here,” Mike sat cross-armed as Shirley had Ahgundy servants coming and going in the very top suite of this structure.
“Yuh know what yer problem is mistah,” Shirley flamboyantly replied. “You don’t realize all the good these luxury suites are doing for humanity,” she wrote his comments off. “You often have such a miserable side to yuh,” she walked away.
“And that fucking disco down below, who needs that?” Mike further criticized her.
“That’s because you don’t know how to dance mistah. Didn’t ya evah watch Travolta when you were a kid?” she teased.
“Yeah,” Mike rolled his eyes again. “Now she wants me to go from a cop to becoming a disco king.”
“There’s always a first time,” she replied as she approached, stopped and smiled down at him. Then pinched his right cheek.

In boomtown, Clarence drank a shot of bourbon at his own counter. “Dad,” Angie approached.
“I’ll handle things when the sheriff eventually comes knocking,” Clarence replied.
“We shoulda killed him long ago in that Mammoth cabin,” Seth scolded his dad. “All yer fault for not killing him.”
Clarence stood up and then backhanded Seth to the ground. “Learn again and again, that it’s your pa that does the thinking,” Clarence responded with animosity in his southern Arkansas accent. “You just leave the thinking to me son,” he turned and sat down at the bar and poured another shot of bourbon this morning.

Tecciztecatl, Quetzalcoatl, Demetreius all stood with Moorgo. “I thank you all as does my counterpart,” Tecciztecatl smiled gesturing at Quetzalcoatl. “This was a fascinating time visiting all of these alternate universes. I knew there were many but your portal abilities are impressive.”
“You will be returning to your universe,” Moorgo suggested. “Let me assist you to make your exit quicker,” he opened a fresh portal in this all white environment, and there was the star named Sol and in the near distance, a bright blue and green mixed Earth.
“Thank you again,” Tecciztecatl waved and both of the Aztec Gods disappeared through the portal which closed.
“Interesting,” Demetreius smiled a moment. “Speed me back to Ciera as well. I need to be home more frequently as we both witnessed how bad things become when I am away.”
A new portal opened and the Ahgundy President stepped through into his chamber and control in the Capitol Ahgundy city atop the western edge of the Cordole Mountains.
There was no place like home and all it took was for a real President to clean it up and then relax in a more peaceful and somewhat lazy place.

Ariella held the Bible up and stared through a slight crack where a ray of sunshine peaked through the cavern ceiling at the end of the day, while the Na’Neelah’s all watched.
“God,” she pointed “fixes everything when you are faithful,” she smiled and they all turned their giant eyes upon that light as it began to fade to a Ciera night and both suns set.

The GeeLee dimensionally shifted Floater satellite continued in a stealth mode to orbit Ciera and had not yet been located by President Demetreius or the Ahgundy. It was releasing something into low orbit around Ciera, a going away present for the planet’s human inhabitants.

It was nighttime in the other universe and the Cahuilla Indian Mohany sat outside the cabin in the cold late autumn evening. There was stillness about and Wyler had been gone for a while now.
He realized life had moved on and yet from deep within his magical, and very gifted talents of Pulvalism, he felt something had occurred and it was over by no means. It was just very distant in a place he could not get to, but perhaps the Gods could.
He had been warned to leave well enough alone, yet that very distant calling continued like an old friend, whispering into his soul that there was more than he had been told.
The Cahuilla Coyote God Isily suddenly materialized and sat next to Mohany. “I was warned, wasn’t I my old friend?” Mohany commented and Isily broke out in a pant. He rubbed Isily between the ears and realized there would be more forthcoming, for the universes always offered up their secrets over time.

The End of Ciera l - The Colony



Enjoy the wild times and stories in this action packed American modern day western series. www.wylerscott.com
Wyler Scott may have retired on Earth, but the universe was split by the Aztec rewind. What about the original Wyler Scott on Ciera and Mohany’s future.





And the continuing mini-series on Mohany Rodriguez the Cahuilla Series.



CalHouse Trilogy


CalHouse I - Leonis Manor
CalHouse II - Fort Sacramento
CalHouse III - The Island



Other Sebar Stories
$$$Amount Due$$$
$$$More Amounts Due$$$
Captura
CALLAHAN
L.A. Business
Micro Fights
Moon Racists
Red Man, White Land
Skyway Arizona
SOL
Stupid Cougar Laws
Stupid Speed Laws
The Interracial Couples
The San Gabriel Years
The SOL Chronicles
Thunder Dead
Titan One
Turbadia
Venus Plains 88








Poems
Biter’s Fighting Poems
California Grudge Poems Volume 1
Ear Candy
L.A. Grudge Poems Volume 1
L.A. Grudge Poems Volume 2

