


Ciera II - Evaluations

The Ciera Series Book 2

By

“Mark Paul” Sebar



Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Sebar Publishing
First Printing 2022
Copyright all text and illustrations in this story © 2022 All Rights Reserved
Library of Congress, United States of America TXu002309792
ISBN 978-1-930246-74-4

Index


Chapter 01
Chapter 02
Chapter 03
Chapter 04
Chapter 05
Chapter 06
Chapter 07
Chapter 08
Chapter 09
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25

Wyler Scott Novels
Ciera Series
Cahuilla Series
CalHouse Trilogy
Other stories
Poems
Chapter 01




It was a large mess that greeted them. The Empire State Building rested atop the very spot where the new Whitehouse had been.
Inside on the top floors, lived Mike Leibowitz and his lovely wife Shirley, though things were never really that lovely between them. It seemed the big city; former New Yorker’s, did nothing but bicker and argue constantly, in a never ending love hate relationship that bespoke the daily moment of their lives.
This new Ahgundy day had started out like any other, blue skies, dual suns, and everyone with the help of the working Ahgundy system on Ciera, rebuilding a new human society. Then there were others, who called on the local and sole law enforcement of what was left of humanity, to square things.
If crimes had been committed, then arrests, trials and justice needed to be served. It was sort of like the old Wild West all over again, only upon an alien world.
There was a lot happening as Sheriff Wyler Scott, with Awf by his side, stood before the Ahgundy President Demetreius in the main chambers of the capitol city.
“And so,” Demetreius walked toward them both in a solid hologram, “the weapons you call a tank shall be destroyed. Am I clear?”
“Yes,” Awf clasped his hands and bowed slightly while Wyler’s glance told a differing story.
“You disagree,” Demetreius approached him closer until they were right there, face to face with one another as Awf watched the challenge unfolding.
“I disagree,” Wyler replied, his momentary staring contest flinching, not one bit. He never liked being bullied whether by bad people or a powerful alien.
“Do you see Awf,” Demetreius broke a momentary snicker. “This is why he is a true leader. Because he stands for his beliefs. You can take a lesson from this human.”
“Oh,” Awf commented in a muffle as not to offend either of them, eyes down, searching the moment to stay neutral.
“And Awf, learn that when you believe something is wrong, you stand for that too,” Wyler kept that stare locked on the Ahgundy President. “Because if you don’t, you get screwed.”
“I see,” Awf quietly mumbled.
“Which case Awf, you are to have Kilr oversee the technicians removing the enhancements to that thing they call a Battleship.” Demetreius turned to Wyler. “Be glad they aren’t removing the original human enhancements too.”
“Mighty nice of ya,” Wyler tipped his Stetson a moment with a slight smirk. “Anything else?” he asked.
“That sums it up for now,” Demetreius responded and then dissolved.
“It’s not proper to challenge his authority,” Awf cautioned Wyler. “He can do anything he wants here.”
“Yes, of course,” Wyler acknowledged. “But from what I heard from our Godumbian friends, there is one or a few more that are much more powerful and they get the last word. Their called the good Lord and God.”
“I think we should leave now to your station. I shall instruct your deputy Kilr and he will oversee the deconstruction of your weaponry.”
“You do realize, there is someone else who ain’t gonna be happy about all of this,” Wyler grinned and then called aloud to the empty space surrounding them in the chambers. “Mister president, the tanks can have their weapons immobilized and still act as tractors for the humans to make use of. Might I recommend that?”
“I’ll consider it,” Demetreius replied with a tone of suspicion.
“Do,” Wyler rolled his eyes.
“Let us go,” Awf motioned Wyler to a fresh teleportal leading back to the sheriff’s station.

“I’m so fucking sick of this shit,” Mike gestured as a solid 3d hologram of an Ahgundy servant attended to Shirley’s nails on her fingers. “Do you talk?” Mike asked the servant.
“Uh yes, though I am not a real Ahgundy,” he replied.
“Great,” Mike rolled his eyes. “And you are doing what?” he pressed the question with a frown.
However, his wasn’t the only frown as Shirley sat there, her hot temperature meter rising. “He’s doing a fucking manicure.”
“I can see that,” Mike broke a slight smirk.
“If you were any kind of gentleman, you would know about such things,” she added.
“Oh and a cop doesn’t know about such things?” he shot back.
“No mistah, not this cop,” she pointed at her husband.
“And what about hookahs?” Mike interjected with a deepening smirk.
“Oh, you would know about those,” she responded with her own smirk. Then she turned to the other Ahgundy holograms. “He knows all about hookahs, do you?”
“No,” an Ahgundy servant across the room responded. “What does a hookah do?”
“Oh lotsa things,” Mike’s smirk grew to a grin of confidence.
“Tell them, go ahead,” Shirley insisted, “tell them.”
“Hookahs bring pleasure to humans but they often get into trouble,” he then turned and stared directly at Shirley and she was about to blow a gasket. “And they have very pretty nails too, like hers,” he added and that was all the two of them needed.
“I’ll show you nails,” she jumped up, pushing the Ahgundy hologram aside and made for him. Then she stopped right in front of Mike. “Now tell me about my nails,” she held her fingers up for her husband to admire.
He glanced down at the cleavage in her v-neck top. “I’d like to tell you about other things,” he replied in a pronounced sarcasm and she was about to drop the hammer on him.
“Well, you ain’t getting it mistah,” she grinned, then turned away before he could grab her for a kiss, and she sat back down and placed her right hand out for the manicure to continue.
“I should be so lucky,” Mike shrugged. “All of you see what it’s like being married to her?”

“So nice to have you back,” Clarence Culligan was all smiles as the Ahgundy Heth approached him.
“Most of it went as planned except,” he began to explain when Clarence interrupted him.
“The general got greedy,” Clarence smirked a moment. “He wasn’t the type of leader we required to take control of things.”
“I understand,” Heth replied. “The GeeLee are gone from Ciera. The Ahgundy President Demetreius saw to that and initiated a planet wide extermination of that type of GeeLee.”
“The law will come knocking at our bar doors soon enough,” Clarence poured another shot of whiskey. Then he downed it. “I know this sheriff and he is infatuated about arresting me.”
“You were freed by a power outage,” Heth began explaining to Clarence. “Since you were being held within an Ahgundy prison, and the systems were down, they had one hour of Ciera time to retrieve you. They did not, which means your sentences have been scrapped from the system.”
“Hey pa,” Seth grinned. “That’s great news.”
“Don’t write it off just yet. The guy you want will be on his way and it won’t be pretty either,” Clarence took another shot of whiskey as his daughter Angie approached.
“Perhaps Mister Culligan, you need to begin pulling things apart on a smaller level,” Heth hinted.
“Like what?” Clarence shot back.
“Taking those around the sheriff away from him,” Heth replied. “Creating new problems for this sheriff. Crimes that he focuses upon while we expand our business ventures.”
“Distractions,” Clarence grinned again. “With no working guns, how do we go about that?” Clarence asked.
“Ahgundy weapons still work. We just get them into the hands of those sympathetic to our business models and it goes from there,” Heth casually replied.
“You make an interesting point, but the sheriff will be right on it with his deputies, and I am sure they will have Ahgundy weapons as well when they arrive.” Clarence point brought a moment to ponder. It actually made sense, but the Ahgundy didn’t always rule by sense. They ruled by actions.
“Might I suggest we try it out. Turn one upon the other and tie up the sheriff’s department and organization while we initiate much larger plans,” Heth replied and it brought a slight grin upon Clarence face and a devious sparkle in his eye.
“I suppose we still have time. The sheriff may not be aware that we helped coordinate the GeeLee and the General. This time will be critical. What did you have in mind to initiate this?” Clarence poured another whiskey, and then burst out in his usual chuckle.
“We supply the weapon to the right humans and then let things play out,” Heth replied. “I shall initiate this first event. Watch how it happens.”
Chapter 02



A disintegration beam came down and dissolved all of the tanks. Those weapons of war were now gone, leaving the human’s even more defenseless than they had been.
Inside the sheriff’s station, Awf was at the main desk with Kilr. “The sheriff wanted to talk to the captain personally to deliver the news to him. As for the tanks, the sheriff will not like the president’s orders being fulfilled.”
“I see, and these orders come from our president?” Kilr inquired.
“Yes,” Awf was careful in his words. “He wants the earth ship restored to where the humans had it.”

“You have got to be kidding me. We saved them,” Captain Wade was nearly livid. Mike Walker was near Wyler.
“See,” Walker added his two cents. “I told you the Ahgundy could not be trusted. Maybe the sheriff is in on it too?”
“Captain, lets talk in private. I have a few ideas,” Wyler glanced at Walker a moment.
“Dismissed,” Wade told Walker who paused a moment, and Wyler sensed his frustration.
“I’m also a human, and I disagree with it as well. But, there are alternatives,” Wyler suggested and Walker stormed out, closing the door behind him.
“So lets talk,” Wade folded his arms and leaned back against his desk, facing Wyler..

“Same shit,” Mike entered the sheriff’s department through a teleportal from the top suite of the Empire State Building, as Kilr and Tammy watched through it.
Then the teleportal closed up as Mike approached the desk. “So, the judge, is he going to be in play?” Mike asked Kilr.
“Yes, there will be a docket of prisoners to attend to once actual arrests are made,” Kilr replied in sarcastic overtones.
“So where’s the boss?” Mike asked.
“He went to discuss the big craft with Captain Wade,” Kilr replied. “President Demetreius requested the Ahgundy technology be disabled on it. He has just vaporized the human tanks.”
“Ya know, I met that Captain. He really loves that Battleship and crew. He ain’t the kind to take this lightly,” Mike replied.
“Being formerly in the armed forces, I’ll second that,” Tammy sighed as she approached the two of them in their conversation. It just seemed that things never stopped. Something bad was always happening to what was left of humanity in this universe.

Moorgo exited a teleportal into the main chambers of the Ahgundy capitol city. He approached Demetreius. “Greetings, are you ready to resume your vacation?”
“I cannot after what just happened on Ciera. I had considered it but do not see a way for this to proceed forward. Let me tell you my friend, if it was at all possible, I would have exercised that option.”
“I believe it is possible,” Moorgo replied. The Tilmook approached him closer. “Can you dismount?”
“I shall come to you in a solid hologram,” he replied and suddenly, Demetreius appeared before the Tilmook in that solid form as if the real body was right there.
“You are half way there,” Moorgo informed him. “Why don’t we solve your problem by joining both of our technologies together,” he added.
“How?”
“You have a technician in the Lona Hills that has solved some of this issue. His name is Queebo. Working with him, we could bridge that gap and allow you to be two places at once.”
“Explain this further.”
“Just like you are here before me,” Moorgo reached out and lightly touched Demetreius chest, “You are here, but,” he turned and pointed up at the real connected body. “You are there as well. You felt me touch you, did you not?” Moorgo asked.
“Yes.”
“That is my observation. Using our teleportal technology your solid form can be elsewhere while you remain attached here and able to enjoy more than the same place at once. Even in other universes and dimensions, and forward and backward in time.” Moorgo had lit up Demetreius thoughts.
“I understand where this is going,” the Ahgundy President smiled. “Okay, let me summon Queebo here as we wait. Then the two of you can go to your city and make the modifications.”
“You need to understand we will not be surrendering our technology, just making it available so you can enjoy the remaining vacation as humans call it. After that, the technology will be reset to what it was, so this is very temporary. We must always be of our word,” Moorgo reminded him.
“Of course,” Demetreius grinned. “And I shall not require a body part from you,” his grin deepened in jest at the Aztec God Quetzalcoatl’s former actions on the Tilmook.

Lonato stormed into the sheriff’s station, and approached Mike and Kilr at the front desk.
“Yes…may I help you?” Kilr calmly and politely asked.
“I wanna report a crime against my business and home,” Lonato told them.
“What kinda crime?” Mike asked him.
“Theft,” he replied in an angering tone. “They cleaned everything out.”
“Who are they?” Mike asked.
“The Culligan’s,” Lonato replied. “All there, took everything I had, even raided my cabin during the last war.”
“Ah shit,” Mike turned to Kilr. “The boss will love this one. He has a thing for the Culligan’s.”
“No shit!” Lonato huffed. “I want my property back.”
Suddenly there was a communication at Kilr’s desk and it was Shirley. “Is my husband there,” she wasn’t at all happy.
“Tell her I’m fucking busy right now,” Mike waved at him.
“He said to tell you he is fucking busy right now,” Kilr replied word-for-curse-word to her and that only caused her tone to become more caustic toward her husband.
“Tell my husband I have problems with the help heah,” she informed Kilr.
“Yeah, yeah,” Mike rolled his eyes with a slight smirk. “I’ll deal with her shit when I get home.”
Shirley made a shrill sound of anger and hung up. “You’re not the only one with problems,” Mike informed Lonato.
“Ya don’t say. Now what are you going to do about getting my stolen merchandise returned?” Lonato stared at Mike.
“The sheriff should be back shortly. Meanwhile, give my associate over here your story and he will record it for the sheriff,” Mike turned to Kilr.

“Here you go,” Heth had both Sergeant Scheme and Chuck Tadd before them. “Guns do not work, but these do,” he handed them an Ahgundy gun.
“What’s this for?” Scheme asked.
“Revenge…one by one. That very beautiful Jewish girl across the desert who lead you on a chase. She needs retribution as humans call it. I suggest you fulfill your wildest dreams.”
“Yeah, she did us wrong, got some of us killed too,” Tadd threw his two cents in.
“She was responsible for having your General being killed,” Heth fanned the flames. “I can help you with fast access to her and back. You will even get to hunt and destroy your very first Na’Neelah. But should you decline, you will be turned over to the authorities for treason.”
“I used to hunt buck for meat in North Dakota,” Scheme broke a slight grin. “What’s in it for you?” he asked.
“Certain Ahgundy’s love to see things fixed. This would be one of them,” he turned with a smirk to Tadd, “and a very pleasurable one too.”
“I don’t know,” Scheme began to question it. “What I mean is, we aren’t at trial at this point and well, I don’t like veiled threats.”
“Nobody will know. This isn’t Earth, it is Ciera and the Ahgundy rule it. Go out and get your satisfaction and pleasure. The opportunity to have retribution against an enemy will not be here for long.” Heth pushed the weapon further into Scheme’s hand as he held it up like a trophy. “Go bag your first Na’Neelah, or face a trial by the humans for treason. By eliminating that female, you maintain your freedom.”
“What’s to say we don’t kill you right here? I mean, you can turn us in as well.” Scheme’s tone changed for the moment.
Heth pointed to a cabinet. “You have what they call a knife. Go and get it and cut my throat. You would like that violent act, wouldn’t you?”
Scheme seemed hesitant. He paused with that skepticism. “Go ahead,” Heth demanded. “Let us illustrate a point about destroying me right here or anywhere.”
Tadd turned and walked to the drawer and pulled out a large Ginsu style carving knife. “This, right?” he held it up.
“That will do quite well,” Heth broke a slight grin. “Now slash my throat,” he demanded and a hesitant Tadd approached him and went to place the blade at his throat and it went right through Heth as though he were a ghost.
“What the hell,” Scheme reached out and touched Heth and he was quite solid. “How?” he demanded.
“That’s not your concern. Just that you have been made an offer you cannot refuse. Now have fun gentlemen,” Heth grinned and then walked through a teleportal and disappeared.

Wyler entered the cabin to Ileen through a teleportal. “So,” she turned to kiss him in the kitchen of their ranch cabin. “What is up?”
“All kindsa crap,” the sheriff shook his head as he took his hat off, setting it bottoms up on the side table. Then he placed his hands at his sides out of frustration.
“And,” she smiled, wanting to hear more.
“And the Ahgundy President had the military tanks all destroyed. Guns don’t work anymore and he requested that parts of the Battleship be dismantled. I had to tell Wade that myself, and he wasn’t happy.”
“Who could really blame him,” she replied. “I mean, he helped save Ciera. You would think the Ahgundy would honor that.”
“The Ahgundy don’t think like humans.”
“Of course they don’t. That’s because they aren’t human,” she broke a modest smile as she approached him, and they hugged. She kissed his lips and stroked her finger through his hair.
“Yeah, I reckon so,” Wyler replied. “I still think there is something or someone else behind all of this. It didn’t all just happen. There was an underlying force directing this and I feel it as more time flows by.”
“Like I said my sweet friend,” she deepened her kiss for a moment, and then gently pushed him back with her subtle smile of confidence brimming, as Wyler gazed into her eyes. “Something new for your department to get on to.”
Chapter 03



Queebo was at the entrance to the Na’Neelah cavern. He approached Ariella. “The President has summoned me to his chambers for a meeting with the Tilmook Moorgo. He is the head of all the Tilmook’s who reside on Ciera so it must be of some great importance.”
“You go,” she smiled. “God will watch over us until you return and then he will watch over you too.”
“Okay,” Queebo pulled up a holographic control panel and opened a direct teleportal to the chambers where the others awaited. Then he turned one last time to stare at Ariella and finally entered the teleportal which closed behind him.
“There is nothing to worry about,” Ariella told the Na’Neelah’s. “No more dangers. We should go out and go for a walk close by, under the suns. God will be with us. He watches us always,” she pointed upward at the ceiling of the large cavern, and they all glanced upward.

Queebo approached Demetreius hologram and Moorgo who was standing there. “Queebo, how is the human and the Na’Neelah doing?”
“It is an interesting thing, this religion and the Na’Neelah have learned multiple human languages, not just one, but several of them,” Queebo replied.
“They seem to paired quite well. Even my own observations of the female human have been an enlightening, as the humans call it…experience,” Queebo added.
“Good,” Demetreius replied as he stepped closer to Queebo. “I have another task for you right now. I trust the human and Na’Neelah’s are safe.”
“Yes they are as I have left them. All safety protocols are on automatic within the cavern,” Queebo replied.
“Well then,” Demetreius gestured at Moorgo. “I would like you to work with Moorgo to modify their system in a way that will permit me to remain here in control and travel on vacation at the same time.”
“Is this possible?” Queebo asked.
“Yes,” Moorgo informed him. “Quite possible. He is in a solid form here because of his special hologram the Ahgundy system provides. Paired with our own system, he would be able to operate at great distances regardless of time or place. I believe we can make the two systems work temporarily.”
“And I want you to perform this right now,” Demetreius tone changed.
“As you request,” Queebo clasped his hands together and bowed slightly for a moment. Then he turned to Moorgo and gestured with his hand.
“I shall contact you Mister President when we have established this working system,” Moorgo told assured and a large teleportal opened right into the Tilmook control room.
“Follow me,” Moorgo instructed Queebo, and they both stepped through the teleportal, and it closed behind them.

Clarence was at work in the filled stock room, when Seth, followed by Heth both entered. He turned around to the Ahgundy. “And,” he questioned.
“And, things are in motion. I believe the first events will be occurring very soon,” Heth reassured him.
“That easy,” Clarence questioned the situation. He knew how humans thought, what they do, and there was always something that might mess it up. Things were never perfect, where humans were concerned.
“It seemed so,” Heth replied. “Of course a little coercion helped out. Humans have greed, lust and these types of thoughts can always be influenced. At least the GeeLee believed so.”
“True,” Clarence agreed but also reminded Heth of something else that drove the point home from his experience on executing a plan. “But you forget one thing. The GeeLee are no more,” he waved a finger at Heth as Seth broke a smartass grin.
“Jess lemme get that there sheriff and I’ll fix everything real nice,” Seth boasted.
“That’s the dumbest idea I’ve heard yet,” Clarence replied as Angie approached behind Seth. “You just let us get the sheriff,” he motioned to Heth and that began growing bad vibes between his son Seth and the Ahgundy henchman Heth.
Angie turned to Seth. “You tried and you lost,” she smirked at the thought, approached her daddy and wrapped her arm around his shoulder.
“Listen to your sister,” Clarence reminded Seth. “She’s very sharp. You can learn a lot from her.”
“About what?” Seth grew angry. “Sex,” he replied and Clarence saw that Angie was about to cry at that outburst.
Then she approached Seth and slapped his face. “You owe me an apology,” she pulled a sharp blade and quickly put it at his throat.
“I ain’t apologizing for nothing,” Seth responded and she began to press it against his Adam’s Apple.
“You don’t apologize and I’ll slit this,” she pushed it harder and it was driving the point as Clarence watched in bemusement.
“Son, you’re currently in a very disadvantaged position,” Clarence grinned as Angie turned a moment and when she did, Seth shoved her backwards, grabbed her wrist, squeezed it and she dropped the knife.
Seth dove for it as Angie backed up and Clarence stomped his foot on that hand on the floor almost breaking Seth’s fingers. Then Clarence bent down and retrieved the knife as Seth gathered himself from the floor, holding his hand.
“Enough,” Clarence took control of the emerging situation of this family squabble. “Heth, perhaps what we need is additional persuasion for these two men to initiate their joining our new and soon growing business.”
“No,” Heth countermanded Clarence. “They understand their opportunity and their loss. Let us wait and see, only a suggestion Mister Culligan,” he gently clasped his hands together and made a slight Ahgundy bow to Clarence.
“Okay, lets, and then turn them in anyhow once we get a situation going. Seth, take two men through a fast portal provided by our Ahgundy friend here,” he momentarily gestured at Heth, “Into the Tarameme Mountains, and start forest fires going. We need to make sure Wyler Scott is a very busy man.”
Then Clarence turned to Heth. He dawned a slight grin. “Now tell me all about what you mentioned, an Ahgundy Strangler, for our Tilmook neighbors. It’s time to use their resources.”
“I would be delighted to,” Heth replied. “I know where the GeeLee hid an old one and it is untraceable by both the Ahgundy and Tilmook, at least for the short term.”

Mike was at the front desk as Judge Ramos entered the station. “Heading to your chambers?” Mike asked.
“Hello gentlemen,” Judge Ramos smiled. “Business I suppose. I had your folks,” he turned a moment to Kilr, “move all of my law books to my chambers. The Ahgundy are to be commended,” he smiled. “They are quite proficient and have shown themselves very honorable.”
“Well, at least that’s better than my wife,” Mike commented.
Ramos turned to him a moment. “Don’t tell me you are considering a divorce,” he grinned. “I’m not even set up for that at this point.”
“Yeah, yeah, tell me something nice for a change,” Mike replied in a moment of sarcasm.
The Judge took it in stride. “Well gents, I shall be in my chambers and preparing things. The sheriff said we are going to have a lot of business as well as Captain Wade. Oh, let me know when the sheriff returns.”
“Will do,” Mike replied. Then Judge Ramos exited through the back door to the long hall leading into the courtroom and his chambers behind that. “Talk about optimism for business,” Mike commented.
“Optimism?” Kilr became puzzled for the moment.
“That means, he plans to fuck a lot of bad people.”
“Oh,” Kilr replied. “So optimism means fucked?”
“Something like that,” Mike shrugged. “Don’t worry, you’re learning,” he added.

Ariella was out in the near desert west of the Lona Hills and collecting old diamonds on the ground while her best friend Na’Neelah was busy grazing on moner grasses, part of the Na’Neelah’s local diet.
She glanced up at the dual stars for a moment and mumbled the word. “God,” with a polite smile of confidence. Then she continued collecting the diamonds in a fresh basket and approached a pile of rocks nearby.
This was a different world than what Earth had been. It offered new challenges and she relished the peace. She had settled in nicely as the official teacher to the Na’Neelah’s. They had learned several languages and religion from the Bible.
The blue three legged creatures had adapted quickly and they functioned as a whole in a participating audience whose thirst for more knowledge contrasted with the simple lives they lead.
On the one hand, the Na’Neelah’s were more like a horse, spending most days grazing on the vast desert plane of the Gore and sometimes, more distant Osposay deserts.
What was fascinating about these creatures was they only called the caverns of the Lona Hills home.
Ariella had brought a more peaceful coexistence between the Ahgundy and the Na’Neelah’s and she was the one individual, a rare human from a once existing world named Earth, now long gone by the very same Ahgundy’s, that hosted her on their world.
She could only surmise in thought that God was responsible for this and she never gave up believing in him.
However, all of that was about to change in her life and not for the better. It would seem that evil hadn’t been completely defeated, and a new battle was to arrive shortly on a platter of lawlessness. One vastly differing from this last battle with the former corrupt military and the alien race known as the GeeLee’s.
Chapter 04



The teleportal opened up and Scheme held the Ahgundy weapon and silently blasted the Na’Neelah who keeled over. Was the creature dead? It didn’t matter to both men. “Come on, over here,” Scheme called to Tadd. “I just want to shoot and kill this bitch, then leave.”
They hiked towards the rock outcropping where Ariella had been busy collecting several baskets of these old diamonds from the ground. They were left over from the Ahgundy weapons platforms that dropped them upon the Ahgundy’s enemies.
Ariella remained oblivious to the events that were unfolding this very moment.
“I want a little action first,” Tadd grinned. “She’s a very hot woman and I have been wanting to bone that since we first encountered her at the cave that day.”
“Let’s just kill her,” scheme pushed the narrative.
“Nope, cover me,” Tadd’s grin deepened. “She’s a Jew, and it’s Miller Time.”
He pushed past Scheme and charged at Ariella from behind. She turned as he ran up, then he spun her while she tried to stand and punched her in the face, knocking her unconscious.
Her lifeless body fell back as Tadd turned to an angry Scheme who approached.
“I think you killed her,” Scheme speculated and there was worry in his voice. Shooting the Na’Neelah was one thing, killing this human was another especially since the war had ended. “Check her pulse,” Scheme instructed and Tadd placed his fingers on her right side.
“Nothing, and she’s fair game,” he began unzipping the top of her jumpsuit.
“Here,” Scheme pointed the weapon on the lifeless body of Ariella. Then he squeezed off a silent round and her body jumped a second and then lay lifeless once more. “Now she’s dead,” Scheme wasn’t smiling.
Tadd continued to remove her clothes as Scheme reached down and grabbed his shoulder. He managed to get her jumpsuit off and she was laying deceased on the desert floor near the rocks. However, before she died, she had gotten a good look at Tadd.
Scheme, again tugged at Tadd. “No, we leave now.”
“Why ol buddy, I’m just getting to the best part,” Tadd reached for Ariella’s panty to pull it down.
“Because this is an alien world and they probably are monitoring everything.” Scheme turned and opened a teleportal into their compound which was vacant.
Tadd was almost there, but he took pause. “That’s an order,” Scheme reinforced his decision. “She is very sexy, but we need to cut this short. We got what we wanted.”
Tadd had a notion to turn on Scheme, he was that close to having his way with Ariella’s deceased body. “What you are doing is now called necrophilia. Look it up,” Scheme smiled then stepped through the opened teleportal. “Alien world, I suggest you vacate it to here,” he gestured with a smile.
“Dammit,” Tadd gently put his hand on her bra. “God dammit,” he stood up, kicked the left rib on the corpse, then wiped his lip. He was near tears as he stepped back for one last glance and then turned and stepped through the teleportal.

Kaaswah was on a hologram to Demetreius. “It has been a very long time since we have talked without our ambassadors,” Demetreius informed the Godumbian leader.
“Yes it has,” Kaaswah replied. “We feel since the GeeLee threat has been removed that we request the weapons be removed from the planet’s orbit, all except one, as in the treaty.”
“I actually will be initiating that shortly,” Demetreius replied. “I have had other issues restoring our system before I resume what the human’s refer to as a vacation with our Tilmook friends. You should try it,” he offered.
Just then, the spiritual leader Oohoohmahswah glided into the chambers appearing to the side of the hologram. “Yes you should my friend,” he recommended to Kaaswah.
“The Tilmook leader Moorgo is modifying their systems with ours so I can remotely control Ciera regardless of distance or time. Perhaps he can make it possible for a Godumbian Leader to join us,” Demetreius suggested. “You should be able to just use their normal portals. My case is more complicated.”
“I have too many things to do here,” Kaaswah sidestepped the offer at hand.
“Nothing the rest of the council could not handle while you are gone,” Oohoohmahswah interjected, sabotaging the Godumbian leader’s efforts.
“There are so many fascinating places we visited, it might bring wonders as I had experienced with your Aztec friends and Moorgo. I urge you to join us Kaaswah.”
Kaaswah swiveled at is spot a moment. “I suggest you take him up on it,” Oohoohmahswah pushed the narrative further.
“Let me contact our technician Queebo and Moorgo at the Tilmook city and ask if they can make this possible for you to join on this vacation with the Tilmook,” Demetreius offered once more.
Kaaswah was still cautious, but he was quickly cracking the ice. “Okay, please see if our friends the Tilmook can make this happen.”
“Good, very good,” Demetreius broke a smile. “I shall contact them now.”
“Don’t forget the excess weapons,” Oohoohmahswah reminded him.
“Shortly, very shortly,” Demetreius replied and then the hologram communication between them closed. Next, he opened a hologram to the Tilmook room where Moorgo and Queebo were at work.
Queebo immediately stood up facing the president through that hologram, clasped his hands together and bowed slightly. “Yes,” he awaited Demetreius reply.
“I have just finished an invitation to the Godumbian Leader Kaaswah. Please ask Tilmook if he could provide a means for the Godumbian to vacation with us.”
“I heard,” Moorgo turned, stood up as the colors behind him suddenly changed to blue. “Yes, it is possible. We can surround him in a cloud atmosphere that is transparent and will allow him the sensation of tough and feel with the other environments. Some environments he will be able to coexist with you.”
“I realize they can exist in our atmosphere for a period of time,” Demetreius replied. “I know his atmosphere would be more comfortable for him. This is why I asked.”
“I will contact Kaaswah, and inform him of the accommodations. Let him know we would be delighted for his company. I believe another Aztec has sent a request to join us,” Tilmook added. “I was contacted a short time ago by Tecciztecatl and he is sending a friend.”
“Good,” Demetreius replied. “I am sure it will be a good time for all of us. Queebo, how are the human and Na’Neelah doing?”
“I did not return to check on them. I have been here as I instructed them and as you requested to modify our system.”
“We are close to finished,” Moorgo informed Demetreius.
“Okay, well proceed and I shall call on Kaaswah,” Demetreius hologram dissolved.
“Let us return to this project,” Moorgo instructed Queebo.

Inside their dorm, Heth appeared from a teleportal, tapped the weapon on the table. The Ahgundy weapon dissolved into thin air. “Thank you gentlemen. Mister Culligan was pleased you took this action. He recommends that after everything cools down, you visit Boomtown for a free drink at his saloon for a reward.” Then Heth exited through the teleportal, disappearing.

“Yes,” Demetreius was on his hologram to Kaaswah who was now alone in his chamber. “In fact I think the Aztec who was visiting is returning.”
“That will be interesting,” Kaaswah replied. “I look forward to this vacation.”
“I have other actions to take, so I shall contact you, or the Tilmook will when they are ready for us to join their vacation.”
“Good my friend. I shall enjoy seeing you live,” Kaaswah signed off.
Demetreius turned and pulled up a holographic panel as an aide entered his chamber. “Yes,” he asked.
“There was a detection of a weapon discharge in the desert near the Lona Hills,” he informed the president. “The weapon may have been unregistered.”
“A bit odd,” Demetreius began to write it off. “It could have been a false signature. I’ll try and scan it later from my panel if I have enough time. Do you have it pinpointed?”
“No,” the aide replied. “It is possible that until the planet is working in peak condition, this is a false charge. Shall I send our security to check it out?”
“Not right now. I have many other things of greater importance to attain,” he replied to his aide.
The aide bowed with clasped hands, turned and left the chamber. Then Demetreius began pulling up the dials for the weapons platforms. He rotated a dial. He paused a moment and then finally pushed it down as he separated from his suspended body and in a solid hologram, teleported to his main office.
He took a seat at his desk and reclined comfortably in his chair. He was now back home, and this part of the system felt much better.
In space above Ciera, many thousands of weapons platforms began to congregate rapidly, collecting into one large roundup.
Demetreius actions were fulfilling his peace obligations with the other alien cultures in the system, thereby removing a potential threat or misuse thereof.

The teleportal opened and Mike exited into the top tower suite of the Empire State Building. “So,” he put his arms out as he approached an angry wife.
“So, we have no help,” she began to cry a fit of tears.
“You know what,” Mike began. “The last big…I mean big fucking house we had was more than enough. Something has to give with this shit,” he scolded her.
“Don’t you dare touch my fucking towah, mistah,” she shot back with a snarl-waving finger of instant condemnation.
“Ah, haha,” he chuckled as he shrugged her off with a 360 view of the Ciera landscape. “I do have to admit, this does provide a nice glimpse of everything. You can even see the near top of the mountains,” he pointed at the Tarameme Mountains.
She calmed down a bit. “Really,” her tone became more subtle as she approached him.
Chapter 05



It moved slightly. Then the Na’Neelah woke up. He was groggy from the stun hit of the Ahgundy weapon. However, Ariella was not moving at all, as a gentle warm breeze blew some dust over her.

Culligan turned to Heth. “Get us back into the Ahgundy prison now, myself, Seth and my daughter,” Clarence instructed.
“Might I inquire why?” Heth asked.
Seth approached with Angie in tow. “Yeah pop, why we going back there?” he questioned.
“Poker game,” Clarence grinned. “Do it now, and then be prepared to get us out when I am ready.”
“As you wish,” Heth opened a large wide teleportal and there was the Ahgundy prison with the power turned off. “You can walk right in,” he gestured.
Clarence motioned for his two children and they were hesitant, then Angie smirked and entered and Seth paused. “Do what I tell you. There is a lot at steak.” Finally, Seth entered and Clarence turned an eye to Heth a moment.
“And don’t forget a few fake prison guards that are uniformed to make this situation authentic,” Clarence winked.
“Continue on acquiring that strangler and then we go from there once you have that. The rest of the group in town, disband back into the colony until contacted,” Clarence instructed and finally walked into that prison through the teleportal that closed behind him.
“Chess?” Angie smirked.
“No…mountain climbing,” Clarence replied. “I have a very plausible reason, and it will be visiting us soon.”

“So,” Lonato pressed Kilr. “I want you to call the sheriff right now.”
“I am sure that the sheriff will be here very soon,” Kilr adjusted a dial at his station.
Suddenly a holographic panel opened for communication. It was Demetreius. “Hello Kilr.”
“Hello sir,” he stood, hands clasped and bowed. “Are you looking for the sheriff?”
“No, not at all. I was informed an Ahgundy weapons power surge occurred near the Lona Hills across the Gore desert.”
“Oh,” Kilr seemed baffled. “Has the planetary system been restored to its full capacity?”
“That is exactly my thought,” Demetreius replied. “I suspect it was a momentary overcharge on the grid rather than a rogue weapon’s discharge.”
“Would you like us to check that out? It is out of our jurisdiction?” Kilr asked.
“If you have the resources,” Demetreius replied.
“Okay, we shall allocate a resource to that,” Kilr replied.
“What about my own resource?” Lonato interrupted.
“And what resource do you need?” Demetreius asked in a tone that changed to a rancid pitch.
“I shall attend to the human’s needs,” Kilr bowed slightly as the hologram faded.
“Touchy bastard, ain’t he this morning?” Lonato commented as Kilr had taken his seat again.
“Yes, of course,” Kilr replied and then summoned Tammy on a hologram. “The president has asked if we can dispatch a deputy team to the Lona Hills.”
“That is out of our jurisdiction,” Tammy protested.
“Yes, I informed him of that very same rule,” Kilr replied.
“There is a human out there,” Tammy speculated.
“Who?” Lonato asked.
“Ariella. She lives and teaches the Na’Neelah’s language and religion,” Tammy reminded them.
“That’s like teaching horses,” Lonato’s sarcasm brought a slight smirk from Tammy. “Okay,” she replied to Kilr. “I will be there shortly at the station.”
“I wanna see this for myself,” Lonato told them.
“It is law business,” Kilr reaffirmed.
“Not if something happens to a human, then it’s all of our business,” he shot back.
“That’s fine,” Tammy smiled. “When I get there, have a teleportal to the cavern ready,” she instructed Kilr.
“As you wish,” he replied.

Wyler entered through a teleportal into the station. “Mornin’ Kilr,” he took his Stetson off as he approached Lonato, Tammy and the others.
Tammy approached the sheriff as he paused and he instantly knew things were afoul, but wanted to hear it all this new day. “What are you gonna do about the Culligan’s?” Lonato came right out with it.
“What do ya mean what am I gonna do about the Culligan’s?” Wyler spun to face him.
“He claims that they looted his store and home,” Kilr chimed in.
“Sheriff,” Tammy gently turned him to face her. “The Ahgundy President has requested we investigate Ahgundy weapons discharge near the Lona Hills. I was going there now.”
Just then, a holographic display popped up in the center of the sheriff’s station as they all caught a glimpse of Awf. “The President wishes sheriff to inform you that he will be deplatforming the weapons back into the cache of the Odom Expanse and planet core system.”
“And,” Wyler replied.
“And what about the Culligan’s?” Lonato interrupted in an angering and escalating snarl.
“And I’ll deal with that shit in a moment,” Wyler winked at him, and then turned to face Awf’s hologram. “So, what are we going to do?”
“Alert that Captain Wade human, so that your military does not do anything rash as the weapons platforms fall back to Ciera on the other side of the mountains,” Awf replied.
“Kilr has to visit the captain and the battleship anyhow, and he’ll be leaving right now,” Wyler turned to him, “after I give him his instructions.”
“Okay sheriff,” Awf replied. He clasped his hands and bowed slightly at them as the hologram disappeared into thin air.
“I’ll listen to more of your story in a moment,” Wyler quelled Lonato. Deputy Tim approached. “Get an Ahgundy weapon since they work for the both of you and go with Tammy to the Lona Hills,” Wyler instructed Tim.
“Probably nothing, but investigate and then return her with your findings. If you need help call in. Kilr,” he turned to his Ahgundy deputy. “Set an auto teleportal as well as full ongoing linked communications to this station. Then we have a few things to discuss.”
“And what about me?” Lonato asked. “Moment ago, she was willing to take me,” he motioned at Tammy who sighed.
“You’re not a deputy. You’re a disgruntled merchant who is a victim filing a report on grand theft,” Wyler broke a slight smirk while staring the Cahuilla in the eye. “You had a difficulty,” he added.
“Yes, I sure as hell did,” Lonato’s hot temper was rising again, “ya don’t wanna get an Indian angry.”
Wyler turned to both Tim and Tammy for a moment and then back at Lonato. “Okay, while I’m investigating your store theft, I’d like to temporarily hire your Indian tracking skills.”
“Now wait a second,” Tammy protested. “I can track pretty well on my own.”
“I agree,” Tim protested with her.
“Not like an Indian,” Lonato momentarily boasted in a snicker of overconfidence. Then he turned to Wyler. “What’s in it for me?”
“Ten extra diamonds,” Wyler offered.
“That’s a week’s wage,” Tim reminded the sheriff.
“Make it fifteen,” Lonato grinned with greed, “and you got yourself a genuine Indian tracker.”
“Eleven and that’s my final offer,” Wyler’s polite smile all but disappeared and Lonato realized that it was the final offer.
Lonato’s smile disappeared too. “Oh, okay,” he replied in a muffled tone.
“Okay what?” Wyler pressed him.
“Okay, I’ll take it,” Lonato shook on it. Then he approached both Tim and Tammy. “Looks like you got me.”
“Yeah,” Tim glared down at him a moment and then turned to Wyler.
“Kilr, make sure my two deputies get an extra fifteen diamond bonus for this run,” Wyler instructed and Kilr made the adjustment on his hologram control panel.
“It has been initiated,” he replied. Then the large teleportal opened near the Lona Hills. “You three may proceed now,” Kilr instructed.
“Thank you sheriff,” Tammy was all smiles, giving Wyler a quick hug.
“Yeah,” Lonato sarcastically added with an eye at Wyler that denoted his dissatisfaction of the former bargain between them. “Thank you sheriff,” and followed her through the teleportal onto the Gore desert near the Na’Neelah cavern entry.
Tim turned to Wyler a moment. “Sheesh, was that really worth it?”
“Sometimes he is a pain, but he can track. Sides, I reckon there’s strength in numbers and until the other deputies get here, I need the extra help I can get. Now get going,” the sheriff ordered and Tim turned, walked through the teleportal to the others and it closed behind him.
Then Wyler turned to Kilr. “Now. About that battleship detune, you and the other Ahgundy’s will be performing, we have some things to discuss.”
“But the orders were from the president,” Kilr replied.
“Yer a deputy in this department and take orders from the sheriff. Let’s get your instructions going,” Wyler continued.


Chapter 06




“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Mike replied as he turned to the large window, “and what are those up there?”
“Up where?” Shirley approached as she gazed up at the sky. There were thousands of glistening diamond weapons platforms above the area. “More diamonds,” she speculated a moment with a casual shrug. “I can always use those. There, ya got yer job cut out now mistah.”
“And what job is that besides being a cop?” Mike shot back. He knew where she was going with this, but he wanted to force it out in the open.
“You know,” Shirley shrugged again and played dumb.
“No, I don’t know,” Mike sarcastically dug it in. “Why don’t you enlighten me,” he put his arms out and gestured in an arrogant manner.
“It’s called extra work,” she casually replied and he rolled his eyes with a smirk.
“Have yuh, ever wondered why the military goes out there in that desert,” he momentarily pointed. “And collects those diamonds.”
“Because it’s dangerous work,” Shirley replied. “And as a cop, you are always doing dangerous work, so why not do some for me?” she threw him a casual glance as if it was no big deal.

“And this message was sent to you by the president himself,” Kilr informed Wade on the battleship. A teleportal opened up and in strode the other Ahgundy technician Turr.
“Greetings,” Turr bowed slightly with his hands clasped. “Permission to come aboard, captain?” he asked.
“Granted,” Wade replied. “Disabled, not removed, then a teaching class as the sheriff agreed,” he turned and pointed at Turr. “He can teach my technicians after leaving something behind,” Wade winked and Kilr turned to Turr and tried to wink, which didn’t work out very well, as Ahgundy’s couldn’t wink like humans. They lacked those facial muscles.
Turr tried to wink back at Kilr and then the captain. “What do they call that?” he asked.
“It’s called winking,” Wade replied. “It means you understand,” he winked at him.
“Oh,” Turr seemed miffed. “So I am to teach after removal?”
“No, not removed—Disabled!” Wade replied. “Right Kilr, just as your president requested.”
“Yes,” Kilr acted a bit suspicious and guilty at the same time. “Yes…disabled.”

Tammy, Lonato and Tim made their way into the caverns and a few Na’Neelah cautiously approached. The lead one started speaking to her in Ariella’s native tongue, which none of them understood.
“Ariella,” Tammy mentioned the name and that Na’Neelah approached closer as did the others.
“I don’t think they understand you,” Lonato commented.
“Why don’t we go back into the cavern further,” Tim suggested and as he proceeded, two Na’Neelah blocked his path.
“No,” Lonato called to him. “She’s not in here and that is why they are protecting it.”
“Ariella,” Tammy called aloud, but there was no reply as the Na’Neelah’s talked amongst themselves in Hebrew. “I think that is Israeli dialect.”
“Well,” Tim shrugged. “If she was here, she would have replied. The report was this was the general area where a weapon was discharged.”
“Perhaps she is out doing target practice with that other Ahgundy, what’s his name?”
“I think it was Queebo,” Tim speculated.
“Queebo, Ariella,” Tammy again asked the lead Na’Neelah, who then pointed toward the cave entrance. “I think it’s pointing outside.”
“No shit,” Lonato replied. “Probably doing some target practice like you suspected. Not much else around these parts. Hey, any chance you can do a quick call to the sheriff and find out what he knows about my store?”
“It doesn’t work that fast,” Tim tried to inform Lonato.
“And how would you know?” he asked.
“Because, we just got here. Give the sheriff and department some time, besides, we should be back there in a short time, anyhow. It’s not like your stuff is going to float off the planet,” Tammy grinned.
“Yeah, I guess you’re right,” Lonato begrudgingly accepted the moment, though his impatience was short and both deputies realized that.

Moorgo had the adjustment corrected and turned to Queebo as another Tilmook appeared. “Yes,” Moorgo asked.
“You are modifying the main system to tie in with the Ahgundy?” he asked.
“That is correct,” Moorgo replied. “We are finishing now and it will allow an Ahgundy off-world in a protected mode as well as our Godumbian friend. But it will have safety precautions built-in as to prevent anything beyond what is originally agreed upon. It is also quite temporary.”
“Time travel?” the Tilmook asked Moorgo.
“On this system they will be using, disabled,” Moorgo replied. He turned to Queebo. “Initiate that control over there,” Moorgo replied, “and tell me what colors you are seeing and the pattern they are in.”
Queebo glided over the floorless room of mist and then stopped. As he got across a slight distance, he could witness both mid green and dark purple strands moving left to right and informed Moorgo.
“No yellow string?” the other Tilmook asked.
“No,” Queebo replied. “Only those two colors.”
“Then we are set,” Moorgo stood up and turned to him. “Let us initiate this and it will take but a short time, and then the system shall adjust. We must leave after that,” Moorgo told them both. “As soon as it has initiated we shall inform both visitors.”

“Okay,” Kilr instructed Turr. “Contact me at the station as soon as you have finished instructing the humans and disabled the devices on their large craft.” He turned to Captain Wade as Juana Williams entered the mostly abandoned bridge.
“So they’re really going to do it?” she asked.
“Have our technicians aboard shortly for a crash course on alien technology,” Wade grimaced.
“I am returning to the sheriff’s department now. Turr inform me when your task is completed. Thank you Captain for understanding,” Kilr bowed to him slightly with hands clasped. “I believe the orbiting weapons will be destroyed shortly in the Odom Expanse for that reclamation.”
“Yeah, I wanted to glimpse that,” Wade replied and a teleportal opened up. Kilr entered it and it closed.

Moorgo walked with Queebo to a finishing room. It had ceilings that stretched into clouds overhead and rounded walls that encircled them, but were all brilliantly white with no exits.
“I meant to ask you something that piqued my curiosity, why do these modifications not allow our president to travel through time as well?” he again pressed the issue. “Is it limitations of his physical being or policy by the Tilmook’s?”
“No,” Moorgo replied. “That is restricted by our system only to other Tilmook’s. Time traveling has extenuating ramifications that can alter entire universes. Thus, it is prevented at all costs to outsiders. Only Tilmook trained in such travels can use it. In this case, the president if he is with me, will be time traveled as well, but only in my presence.”
“I understand,” Queebo casually acknowledged. “Can we test the system with the president?”
“That’s why we are here,” Moorgo replied, then tapped the air and a rainbow of colors hung before them as he swiped his long finger down each color stripe.

They were now all in place except one weapon’s platform that glided away from the thousands of platforms gathered in orbit above Ciera. Demetreius pulled up a hologram at his desk. He took a deep breath and then initiated it.
In orbit, the platforms began turning and then diving down towards the planet.
Below, Captain Wade and Juana both watched from the deck of the battleship.
“There they go,” Juana broke a slight grin.
“Yeah, Kilr mentioned this.” Then he observed the one platform distancing, very faint under the dual sunlight. “They are keeping a token up there to rain down diamonds as we use those for bargaining. Whelp,” he turned and smiled at her. “Let me know when the techs are ready for class.”
“I certainly will,” Juana saluted Captain Wade and he returned the gesture, while the platforms were accelerating at high speeds to crash into the Odom Expanse on the other side of the Tarameme Mountains.

“Look,” Tammy pointed to the other two gentleman.
“Mass meteor shower?” Tim questioned, scratching his ear a moment.
“No,” Lonato replied. “More like those weapon platforms. They must be trashing them—but where?”
“Kilr,” Tammy called and a communication hologram opened.
“Yes deputy,” Kilr replied.
“Those lights in the sky,” she pointed in it.
“Being destroyed by treaty,” Wyler stepped behind Kilr. “Into the Odom Expanse. The Ahgundy reclaim them into the planet’s core system. This is mandated by treaty. Find anything yet?”
“No sheriff,” Tammy turned to the others a moment. “We need Kilr to open a teleportal and save us time walking to the backside of the Lona Hills.”
Wyler turned to Kilr a moment and made motion and Kilr opened that teleportal for them. “Thanks sheriff,” Tammy smiled. “We will call you if we find anything.”
“Great, let me know,” Wyler replied.
“Don’t forget the Culligan’s,” Lonato waved an arm in that snap moment before the teleportal closed up.
Wyler turned to Kilr. “Can you enable my gun?” he asked him.
Chapter 07


“Uh no,” Kilr replied. “It is a global control that only the president can enable.”
“Open a communication to him,” Wyler instructed and Kilr did just that as Demetreius reclined at his desk.
“Hello sheriff,” he replied.
“Hello Mister President,” Wyler smiled a moment.
“You have a valid reason for contacting me?” he questioned Wyler, and then leaned forward to the hologram.
“Yep, I sure do. I need for my gun, my human weapon to be enabled,” Wyler replied.
“Globally all the human weapons have been disabled,” Demetreius replied. “This is done for the safety of all who reside on Ciera.”
“What about my gun only, and in the colony, so I can enforce laws,” Wyler asked.
“That option is available, since you are the law,” Demetreius further informed Wyler. “Let me enable that for you now,” he reached down onto a desk control panel. “There, it has been done, but will not function outside of the Tereneo Valley perimeters where human’s colonize.
“Much obliged,” Wyler tipped his hat. “And thank you,” he added as just then a new hologram opened a second communication to Demetreius.
“I must go now, sheriff,” he told him and the hologram between the station and Demetreius closed down as the president swung to glimpse Moorgo with Queebo behind him. “Yes?”
“We are ready to test the system,” Moorgo informed Demetreius.

The weapons platforms became fizzling meteorites as they hit the upper end of the Odom Expanse high in the sky and turned to nothing more than settling dust that glittered, gently falling into the expanse, further dissipating from existence.
They were now being absorbed back into the system core of the planet for renewed energy usage.

The three of them exited the teleportal to the backside or southern portion of the Lona Hills.
The lightshow of the many weapons was fading fast as one lone light slowly sailed across the sky. “That didn’t last long,” Lonato sighed. “So, where to now? He asked.
Tammy raised a set of binoculars and spotted a Na’Neelah struggling to stand up. “There, one of the blue creatures,” she pointed. Let’s go.

“It worked well,” Queebo seemed excited as they finished the test.
“Yes it did,” Demetreius drew a rare smile of satisfaction. “Okay Moorgo, alert the Godumbian’s and then we will await this Aztec guest as well as the others.”
“Then I am finished with this project?” Queebo asked.
“No,” Moorgo replied. “We have to finalize this change, and then you may resume your original efforts in the Na’Neelah caverns with the human woman.”
“Okay,” Demetreius signaled. “Let me know when we are able to depart.”
“I shall,” Moorgo replied.

“Here you go sheriff,” Kilr handed him the Ahgundy weapon. “Just in case that does not work.”
Wyler pulled his large stainless Dan Wesson 44 magnum as he attached the Ahgundy weapon to his belt. Just then, Mike exited a teleportal into the department. “Hiya boss,” he smiled. “What’s up?”
“Tammy and Tim investigating a discharge of an Ahgundy weapon near the Lona Hills,” Wyler informed him. “I’m just about to grab an extra deputy and visit Boomtown.”
“Ah, that creep from Arkansoars,” Mike smirked.
“Yeah that one,” Wyler checked the rounds, and then slammed the cylinder shut.
“Ya know, yer fucked with that thing. Don’t work,” he pointed at the gun.
“Let’s find out,” Wyler motioned him and they both exited the station. Wyler thumbed the hammer back, aimed above the ridgeline of the distant Tarameme Mountains, and then squeezed off the round which made a loud boom.
“The fucking thing works!” Mike gestured and Wyler handed him the gun. He thumbed the hammer back and pointed it at the mountains, squeezed off a round and a large boom was heard, the bullet stopped two feet in front of the gun and dropped to the floor as Mike handed it back to him.
“What duh fuck,” Mike watched as Wyler took aim, squeezed off another round, and boom! It didn’t stop.
“I guess there are those of us who just have the touch,” he smirked and he could see this irked Mike.
“Yeah, yeah, meanwhile what do I use?” Mike asked.
“One of those from Kilr,” Wyler pointed at the Ahgundy weapon resting on his belt clip. “Okay, time for me to visit an old acquaintance. Stay in the station and act on anything out of the ordinary while I try and deal with this Culligan shit.”
They both entered the station as they approached Kilr. “I heard your weapon sheriff. Both of your shots were absorbed into the Odom Expanse,” he informed them.
“Once Tammy calls in, toss this to Mike as the lead investigator. He’s in charge while I’m away,” Wyler instructed Kilr. “Get Deputy Steve Klinger, he usually wakes up around now.”
“Sheriff, nearly all of the Ahgundy weapons platforms have been reclaimed as per the treaty. The battleship is almost disabled of the Ahgundy technology. But, it is being left as is. Turr will soon be instructing the humans of that craft as to how to work the systems.”
“Good,” Wyler waited as a teleportal opened up shortly and in stepped young Deputy Steve Klinger.
“Good day sheriff,” he smiled.
“Howdy,” Wyler replied. “Kilr, open the Boomtown teleportal and issue Steve an active weapon.”
Kilr materialized an Ahgundy weapon and Steve snatched it from thin air. “Where to sheriff?”
“Boomtown and the saloon first. Kilr open the teleportal now.” The large teleportal opened in the station and they stared through it to dust blowing under a gentle warm breeze. It was like an abandoned old west ghost town.
“I don’t see a damned thing,” Mike stood across the station, arms crossed. “Think it’s a setup?”
“We’ll know soon enough. Kilr, if they are armed, go ahead and disable all of their weapons. Set a security lock on Deputy Steve and I for a shielded quick retrieve in case anything goes south.”
“Goes south?” Kilr asked.
“That’s another word for fucked,” Mike reminded the Ahgundy deputy with a smirk and a wink. “Good luck sheriff,” he added.
“Yeah,” Wyler turned to the teleportal and stepped through onto the dirt road that stretched through Boomtown and Steve emerged from the teleportal behind him as it closed up.
“Looks deserted sheriff,” Steve commented.
“Let’s go to the saloon first,” Wyler motioned and drew his big Dan Wesson.

The Na’Neelah was surrounded by all of them and Tammy tried to quell its aggressive behavior to her. “Come on baby,” she put her hands out, but it continued to run past her and then turn as if ready to charge her.
Tim was with Lonato nearby. “Tracks go off to the edge of the hills right there,” Lonato pointed.
“Hey Tammy,” Tim called. “Human tracks heading over there,” he pointed and she decided to turn around and walk away from the Na’Neelah who just stood there in a huff with its neck bent forward and the large round eye atop it watching the three of them.
They had walked a short distance when Lonato bent down and again studied the ground. “Two more sets of human tracks,” he informed them and at the edge of some rocks, they spotted in shock, Ariella with her clothes torn and she began to cry and they all ran to her.

Wyler, followed cautiously by Steve, entered the saloon through the double doors, and walked amongst the tables and to the bar. “Nobody here sheriff,” he commented.
“Culligan, you smart bastard, what are ya up to?” Wyler quietly thought aloud. He turned to an opened door to the left. “Let’s visit his offices.”
They had both made their way inside the offices and except for an empty desk, there was nothing. “If they stole stuff, what about the storage?” Steve wisely asked.
Wyler exited to the storeroom, there was only one crate of old bourbon bottles, and it had dust on it. The box had been sitting for a long time. Other than that, there were no more boxes.
“Let’s check the other buildings,” he suggested.
Chapter 08



Wyler and Steve made their way toward the larger storage structure across the dirt road. The sheriff motioned him to fan out and stay by the side as he approached the entry, then stood off to the left of the main door and knocked on it.
Several moments went by and there was nothing, no reply. “Think they’re in there?” Steve quietly called across to Wyler.
“With Culligan, anything’s possible,” Wyler replied. Then he knocked again and nothing.
The sheriff turned and stared back at the saloon. He felt a very lonely emptiness. It was just all abandoned. Other then the two of them, nothing else could be detected.
“Maybe, they have some kind of alien cloaking device, you know, like in the scifi shows,” Steve shrugged in suggestion.
“Kilr, are you monitoring everything?” Wyler called.
“Yes sheriff, I am,” he replied in a hologram that popped up over the sheriff’s shoulder.
“Can you scan for life forms here?” Wyler asked him.
“Yes sheriff, I can at your current location,” Kilr replied, pulled up a hologram scan panel and ran a quick scan on Boomtown. It showed they were the only ones there.
“And?” Wyler pushed the momentary narrative.
“The scans are complete sheriff. Just two humans are at your location. Both the deputy and yourself.”
“What about any kind of traps or explosives?” Wyler asked.
“Sheriff,” Kilr replied. “The scans would have displayed any danger. Nothing either human or Ahgundy has been discovered.”
“Okay, keep monitoring. Steve, follow me in. I wanna try and locate anything that may have been stolen by the Culligan’s as Lonato claimed.”

The call came in a hologram above the main floor in the sheriff’s station. “Incoming,” Kilr alerted Mike.
“Who is it,” Mike called from the back hallway.
“It is your other,” Kilr responded.
“Other what?” Mike called back.
“Your wife,” Kilr had an angry Shirley in the background listening to this conversation.
“Tell her, I’m fucking busy,” Mike called out and that was all she had to hear.
“Fucking busy,” she screamed, “fucking busy,” back through the hologram waving her finger in anger.
“She can hear me,” Mike’s tone softened as he approached the hologram.
“Of course I can hear you,” she scolded him. “I’ve got a fucking problem mistah.”
“So what else is new?” Mike rolled his eyes with a momentary smirk.
“Yer not getting off so easy mistah. Just wait till you come back heah. Yuh want food and service, it’s all gone,” she added in a tone that grew in anger with every word.
“And,” Mike stood his ground as Kilr observed all of this.
“And it’s criminal you aren’t here fixing it,” she added.
“A thousand fucking feet in the air and she wonders how I’m gonna fix that shit,” Mike told Kilr.
“Yes detective,” Kilr replied.
“It’s criminal,” Shirley added.
“Yeah I’m a big fucking criminal,” Mike’s smirk grew in sarcasm.
“Good,” Shirley smiled politely. “Killa, I’m placing this admitted criminal unduh citizens arrest for a crime.”
“And what big fucking crime is that?” Mike asked, turning a moment to Kilr. “Watch this, she’ll give a dumb answer. Go ahead honey, hit me with both barrels,” Mike was pushing her buttons with that sarcastic response.
“Spousal abuse,” she came back. “The moron just demonstrated it in front of your department,” she replied, crossed her arms and grew a bit more at ease with this entire debacle.
Just then, a new communication’s window opened next to Shirley’s. It was Tammy and the ground crew. “Attempted rape by two soldiers,” she called it in as she hugged Arielle with the other two men nearby in the background.
“Now that’s a real crime,” Mike noted, pointing his finger at Shirley. “I’ll call you back later honey,” he told Shirley.
“I want action now mistah!” she exploded.
“End her transmission,” Mike made the hand under the neck, cut gesture.
“No, no,” she screamed in rage. Kilr did as instructed and the communication hologram of Shirley disappeared.
“Open a new channel to the sheriff,” Mike instructed Kilr who initiated the call. “Don’t worry honey,” Mike reassured Tammy and Ariella. “Who ever did this is fucked.”
The hologram opened and Wyler turned to spot Mike. “Yes,” the sheriff and Steve were inside the empty structure.
“Remember that Ahgundy weapon discharge by the Lona Hills?” Mike pointed to Tammy’s hologram.
“Rape sheriff, and attempted executions,” Tammy called out.
Lonato approached near them. “Sheriff, did you resolve my items?”
“This is more important,” Tammy scolded him.
“Agreed,” Wyler replied. “Kilr, Steve and I have a few more buildings to search here. Mike you go through a teleportal to the scene. Start detecting and get on this crime.”
“Will do boss. Who’s minding the store?” he asked.
“Honestly, I don’t think we are going to find anything in this town, seems deserted. I’ll be back shortly with Steve.”
“Tammy, does she require medical?” Wyler asked.
“Yes,” Tammy replied. “Can Kilr do a vaginal swab at this distance without injury to Ariella, for the DNA?”
They all turned to the Ahgundy. “On Ariella?” Kilr asked.
“No, the fucking tooth fairy, of course,” Mike replied as Wyler sighed. “Yuh gotta get it now,” Mike added.
Kilr pulled up a holographic control panel, it showed the four human’s, and he zeroed in on Ariella and then selected her body. Then he selected a DNA scan both domestic of Ariella and foreign, and he punched the key.
Suddenly, they popped in through hologram, three standing white tubes that materialized. One light blue in color while the other two viles turned black. “Collected,” Kilr replied. “These samples have been secured and are now in progress of conversion.”
“Okay,” Wyler replied. “Mike, go there now and Kilr end this transmission until we are ready to transport.”
The sheriff’s transmission ended. Then a new teleportal to the Lona Hills area with Tammy and crew opened. “If my angry wife calls,” Mike smirked and waved. “Just take a message and I’ll get back to her.”
“What about the criminal charges she filed against you?” Kilr asked.
“They’re pure bullshit,” Mike’s smirk grew. Then he stepped through the teleportal and it closed behind him.
He approached the four of them. “What about finding my inventory,” Lonato walked towards him.
“Later,” Mike waved him off as he stood there. “Now honey,” Mike gestured. “I’m going to have our nice guy Kilr take your description of which colony membahs did this and then we are going to arrest them.”
She just stared at him a moment. “One of them was that army guy who challenged the sheriff in the caves,” Tammy informed him.
“Good, that’s a start,” Mike replied and he turned to Tim. “You and I are going to go get that muthafucker,” he informed the tall deputy.
“They killed my friend,” Ariella cried and Mike reached out and patted her on the shoulder. “There, there,” he replied.
Suddenly the Na’Neelah came running toward them all. Ariella glanced up and her face changed as her friend slowed. “No,” she put her hands out and in Hebrew told the creature these police were their friends.
The Na’Neelah stood down. “What language was that?” Lonato asked.
“It sounded kosher,” Mike chimed in.
“It’s Hebrew, the language of Israel,” Ariella told them. “The Na’Neelah’s can understand over six languages and they know parts of the bible too. Now we want justice,” she turned to face Mike.
“And justice you shall have,” Mike replied.
“We should take them back to the station,” Tammy suggested.
“No,” Ariella replied. “I want to go back with my friend to the cave.”
“But it’s not safe there,” Tammy argued. “If they could attack you here, they can attack you anywhere. The security of the station is the most secure location where we can protect you.”
“She’s right,” Lonato cut in.
“Worry about your own crime,” Ariella replied to the Cahuilla in a rather callous tone of disconcern.
“Uh, here we go with the women,” Lonato cut in.
“What about women?” Tammy shot back.
“Leave me out of this,” Tim added his two cents and stepped away from them.
“You know what I meant,” Tammy’s anger grew while the Na’Neelah towered over them all and Ariella clutched the blue animal’s leg for momentary security.
“If I may ladies and gents,” Mike gently cut in. “Ya owe the ladies here an apology,” he suggested to Lonato.
“I don’t see you apologizing to your wife,” Lonato snarled at Mike.
“And why should I?” Mike responded.
“Because she’s a woman too,” Ariella replied as she stood there watching them bicker.
“Yeah, and a mean one, there’s a difference,” Mike answered.
“Hah!” Lonato exclaimed in his proclaimed moment of victory entrapping Mike in hypocrisy. “Gotchya!”
“Only if you count monstahs,” Mike smirked. He turned to Ariella. Then he turned to Tammy and back to Ariella. “Okay honey, the cave, but under one condition.”
“And what’s that?” Ariella asked.
“My deputy stays with you until we secure things. Is it a deal?” Mike asked.
“Okay, a deal,” Ariella replied and Tammy hugged her.
“Kilr, open two teleportals. One from this location to the front of the Na’Neelah cavern and one for a return back to the station.”
Both teleportals opened up. “Ladies,” Mike gestured at the Na’Neelah teleportal.
“I want justice,” Ariella demanded, and then turned with Tammy in toe and both ladies and the Na’Neelah entered through the teleportal and it closed behind them.
“Okay guys, let’s go get the fucks,” Mike waited until both Tim and Lonato passed through the teleportal and they were all back in the station.
“Your wife has filed a criminal complaint against you,” Kilr informed Mike.
“Yeah, yeah, so what else is new,” he waved it off. “Happens every fucking day of the week, nothing new about her.”

Wyler and Steve were at the furthest edge of town as the sheriff closed the large door to the barn. “Sheriff, we checked everything,” Steve noted.
“Just about,” Wyler glanced around as a gentle Ciera breeze blew dirt across the road in front of the saloon. “Kilr,” Wyler called. A new hologram opened up.
“Yes sheriff.”
“Run a stock on this town area to see if there are any cloaked goods.”
“Okay sheriff, initiating now,” Kilr replied.
“Sheriff,” Mike chimed in next to Kilr. “One of the guys who did the rape was that guy in the military, the one that was in charge by the Lona Hills caves.”
“Where’s the victim?” Wyler asked.
“She didn’t wanna come. So I left Tammy with her in the Na’Neelah caves.”
“She would have been safer in the station,” Wyler informed Mike. “I’m about done here. Will be back there shortly.”
“And my stolen merchandise?” Lonato cut in.
“So far, it’s not here,” Wyler replied. “We’re about done.”
Chapter 09



“Well, are we working yet?” Demetreius asked.
“I believe this adaptation should do it,” Moorgo replied. “Let us initiate this and see how good it holds.”
The Tilmook manipulated a color strand and suddenly Demetreius was standing right next to them. It seemed this had been a success. “You should also sense your presence in your chambers and office as well,” Moorgo hinted.
Demetreius closed his eyes a moment and then opened them. “A bit weak on the other side,” he informed them.
“There are certain limits,” the Tilmook replied. “But, this will enable you to have a thing called a vacation while still having control of Ciera.”
“Am I free to go?” Queebo asked.
“Are you finished with his services?” Demetreius asked Moorgo.
“Yes. I do not believe there is more to do with what is currently working.”
“Okay,” Demetreius signaled.
“Let me make this easier for you,” Moorgo opened a teleportal into the cavern as Queebo clasped his hands and bowed to Demetreius and then turned and walked through the teleportal.
Inside the caverns, he approached Ariella, Tammy letting go her shoulders as the Na’Neelah’s all stood behind the two ladies. “You missed out on leaving this poor lady unsecured,” Tammy scolded the Ahgundy who seemed bewildered by the moment’s animosity.
“I left to assist the president. That task has been successfully accomplished and so I was released here. Please inform me of what happened,” Queebo replied.
“The shields,” Tammy waved her finger. “We need protection in here and to lock out all teleportal entry unless they are approved.”
Queebo took a deep breath, turned and pulled up the holographic security panel and performed what he had been instructed to do. “What else?”
“Contact Kilr at the sheriff’s station and offer any assistance and or cooperation on this investigation,” Tammy added.

Wyler followed by Deputy Steve Klinger entered the station through the open teleportal. “Now, what did you find,” Lonato insisted with applied sarcasm and doubt.
“Go home or to your store and wait till we are done investigating,” Wyler replied. “If we find anything, we’ll call ya.”
“Some law agency,” Lonato exited in a huff.
“Mike, go to the Lona Hills cavern and meet up with Tammy.”
“And?” Mike questioned.
“You’re a detective…start detecting,” Wyler instructed.
“Okay sheriff,” Mike replied, turned to Kilr with a hand gesture. “My teleportal awaits,” he smirked and Kilr opened a teleportal to the caverns.
“Queebo, you have our teleportal blocked, we need to send Detective Liebowitz in to begin his investigation,” Kilr informed his fellow Ahgundy.
“Opened now,” Queebo replied and Kilr turned and nodded to Mike.
“I’ll call in as soon as we need additional resources,” Mike replied, and then entered through the teleportal and into the cavern.
“Did the sheriff resolve Lonato’s problems?” Tammy inquired.
“Naw, he’s fucked right now,” Mike shot back, placed his hands on his hips, and then approached Ariella. She was almost ready to burst into tears as he stopped and stared her right in the eye.
“Okay honey. Tell this nice alien right hear,” he gestured at Queebo, “a detailed description of these two fucks so we can go and make sure they nevah hurt anyone evah again.”
“Well,” she stood up. “One of them was the leader of the military who confronted us before the escape.”
“You know that piece of crap?” Mike asked Tammy.
“No…uh not personally,” she shrugged.
Mike turned to Queebo. “Get the sheriff online,” he motioned.
Queebo had an open hologram to Kilr as Wyler approached. “Yes,” Wyler sighed.
“I’ve detected?” Mike sarcastically replied.
“This fast?” Wyler asked in disbelief.
“Yeah. We need to get a face roster of the base military personnel. The guy in charge of the soldiers that harassed us last time at these caves is involved, and that’s our fucken lead.”
Wyler turned to Kilr. “Contact Captain Wade to assist us. He would have access to the information on the soldiers.”

Both John Scheme and Chuck Tadd were quickly sinking into the edge sands of the Golay Desert. There was a single standing platform hovering quietly above the sands.
“Why?” Scheme asked as he was almost in at his mouth and Tadd now fell deeper with the last remaining grains of sand covering his head.
“Because,” Heth replied. “You were useful and no longer required in Clarence Culligan’s employ,” Heth replied, and now Scheme sank below the surface as his last breath inhaled Ahgundy sand.

Wyler thought on everything. “Why am I of a notion this all ties into one central figure,” he mumbled and then turned to Kilr. “Contact the president and let him know I am requesting permission on my investigation to visit their prisons and the Culligan’s right now.”

“A true pleasure for your company,” Kaaswah greeted them all in his environment bubble. He had finally arrived for the vacation.
“Mine as well,” Demetreius smiled a moment and then turned to Moorgo. “Are we ready?”
“Yes, we are ready to leave. As stated the Aztec will join us in a bit,” Moorgo replied.
Demetreius, Kaaswah, Moorgo and several other Tilmook’s all left through a teleportal and were on their way to a vacation, when a weak signal that had lots of static poured through. It was sound only, no picture. “Yes,” Demetreius replied and he could barely hear anything.
“Wyler Scott here,” the sheriff informed him. “Requesting access to the Culligan prisoners.”
Demetreius was becoming more concerned as they all exited the teleportal to a beautiful pink desert with multi-hue skies. “I thought I had heard a message but couldn’t understand from whom.”
“I hope it is nothing serious,” Kaaswah became a bit concerned.
“We have entered into a different dimensional universe. There might be some problems, but as I stated, it wouldn’t be perfect,” Moorgo shrugged. “Meanwhile, if you really want to feel something unique, remove your sandals and walk on this soil. It is quite soothing. Kaaswah, in your case, just sink down onto it.”
“Okay,” the Godumbian leader did as instructed and drew a big grin on his rotund face. “I am enjoying this very much.”
Demetreius forgot about the communication and did what Moorgo suggested, after having witnessed the Godumbian leader go first. Now his mind cleared to a total brilliant white peaceful sensation with every step. “Amazing,” he smiled.
“Yes it is,” Kaaswah commented.

“Well,” Wyler turned to Kilr.
“I do not know, he is not responding?” Kilr replied.
They both stared at the blank face of the president. “Looks like he’s in some kind of trance,” Wyler surmised.
“A trance, a trance—what is a trance?” Kilr asked.
“Like when you are there, but not there,” Tim called to them.
Judge John Ramos exited from the long hallway that lead to his chamber, a paper scroll in hand as he approached them. “Business is slow,” he smiled at Wyler, with some speculation.
“We got several investigations going, one of them a rape case,” the sheriff responded, “so I suspect, there’s gonna be some business shortly.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” the judge replied and Wyler could see the sadness of disappointment stamped on his face. “You would think people under these ideal living conditions that we are blessed with, would have taken the time to live better, and cleaner lives.”
“Some things change, some never do. Nature of the beast,” Wyler replied. He turned to Kilr. “Anything from their president?”
“No sheriff,” Kilr replied.
“Well, that’s it. Let us contact Awf before I make a decision,” Wyler instructed.
“I shall try and locate him,” Kilr informed Wyler. “He may be located elsewhere on Ciera.”
“How do you know that?” Steve asked.
“All Ahgundy minds are loosely interconnected while on this planet,” Kilr replied. “It organizes our communication with each other.”
“Why can’t you directly communicate with the President?” Wyler asked.
“The president is different. He resides on a much higher level that requires we communicate as we are setup to do here,” Kilr informed the sheriff.
“That’s pretty convenient,” Judge Ramos snickered. “Well sheriff. I have a few more things to do to organize the court as I want it, and then we should be able to convene on your suspects.”
“Appreciate it,” Wyler tipped his hat to the Judge.
“Now gents,” the Judge smiled. “If you’ll excuse me,” he turned and walked back down the corridor towards his chambers.
Just then, a communication hologram opened up and it was Ileen. “Yes,” Wyler turned to his wife.
“Dinner tonight?” she stood back, crossing her arms.
“Excuse me guys,” Wyler walked across the main lobby to his office on the side and entered through the pass-thru shielding that protected it and the portal traveled with him by his side.
“I just wanted to ask about dinner tonight,” she stressed the situation.
“And,” Wyler pushed the narrative question.
“And how is your day going?”
“The Israeli girl, what’s her name,” he snapped his fingers.
“Ariella,” Ileen grinned as she reminded him.
“She was assaulted, raped and shot at by some military personnel,” Wyler started to explain.
“Oh my God!” Ileen was stunned.
“She’ll be okay,” Wyler sat back in his chair behind his desk, reclining a moment. “Besides, I have a former Bronx detective on it. He’s a hard boiled guy so he’ll nail them quickly.”
“I see,” Ileen calmed down. “And that poor girl?”
“Tammy is with her now as well as Mike. She’s secured, and actually she is pretty savvy.”
“Okay, so will this be delaying you for dinner?”
“No,” Wyler replied. “You pick the dinner and I’ll be there. Love ya,” he blew her a kiss and Ileen blew him one and then the communication hologram dissolved.
Chapter 10



Captain Wade was busy watching what was taking place in their weapons systems with the Ahgundy Turr. The alien was instructing the technicians how to reactivate the system with the tools he was accidentally leaving behind.
A technician took hold of the stick and it glowed. “Make sure the correct color sequence is as I have instructed you or it will not work,” Turr cautioned.
“I wrote it down,” a yeoman noted and she had it on the clipboard.
“Let me see that,” the technician grabbed her clipboard to study the color pattern. “Okay, make sure to get a copy made of that,” he instructed.
“How are we doing here?” Wade cut in impatiently.
“We are almost finished,” Turr replied. “Your humans should be able to restore the systems at a later date and I will be leaving you all shortly.”
“Hey,” the technician smiled a moment. “Cook has chili bowls made for an early dinner. Have you ever had a chili dinner?” he asked Turr. He turned a moment to the Captain and winked.
“Well, no, I have not,” Turr replied.
“Captain…special permission to have what’s his name here as a dinner guest in the mess hall celebrating his work?”
“Wade thought better, but dawned a smirk and then caved. “What harm could it do? Okay,” the Captain grinned and just then a communications hologram opened and it was Kilr with Wyler standing next to him.
“Captain, we have a criminal investigation and require your help,” Wyler informed him
“I’ll take this in my quarters, can you guys transfer there?” Wade turned and walked away. The communications hologram that was hovering floated and moved right behind him as he exited the weapons room.
He got into his quarters and turned to face the hologram. “Okay sheriff, what’s up and who is involved?”
“At least two soldiers maybe more. I need my investigator Mike to visit you for a recognition roster of the human personnel so we can apprehend the suspects involved. It happened to that Israeli Pilot Arielle by the Lona Hills. Two men attempted to kill and then raped her. They left her and a Na’Neelah for dead. We want em”
“Send your investigator here aboard ship. I’ll call in to security. Send him through on the front deck. Give me a few minutes to prepare for his arrival,” Wade sighed.
“Will do,” Wyler replied and then Kilr cut in.
“How is Turr doing?” Kilr questioned Wade.
“Our people would like him to stay for dinner in the mess hall as a guest of honor. The chef has a special homemade chili and he stated he has never had chili before.”
“That’s fine,” Wyler approved. “We’ll send Mike the investigator there in a minutes.”
“Okay sheriff,” Wade broke a rare smile of appreciation as the communication hologram closed.
Just then, as Wyler turned to Mike, another communications hologram opened in the middle of the station. “When you coming home for dinnah?” Shirley asked in a pompous tone.
“Uh honey,” Mike started to say
“Don’t botha. I filed official charges against you for assault,” she mired
“Good, I’m fucking busy with a new investigation. Eat alone tonight,” he turned away from her to Kilr. “Police business request. Can you please mute her communications for now. I don’t need to listen to this shit,” Mike added and that further infuriated Shirley
“Now listen mistah,” she grew angry as Wyler made the cutthroat gesture to Kilr who closed out Shirley’s hologram.
“Good,” Mike smiled a moment. “Now for the battleship,” he gestured to Kilr. “If ya think she’s mad now,” Mike smirked. “Wait till her towah, as she calls it, grows smaller.” The teleportal opened and he turned at the entry as he gazed through it onto the forward deck of the battleship where Juana and an MP awaited his arrival.
“I can just imagine,” Wyler replied. “Call in as soon as you know who these are, or have apprehended them.”
“Okay boss,” Mike turned and stepped through it and as the teleportal closed behind him, a new muted hologram opened with Shirley raging and Wyler turned to Kilr. “Un mute her. Might as well try and quell this crap.”
“Where is my husband?” she demanded in a rancorous tone that denoted why she was muted in the first place.
“I’m not your husband,” Wyler reminded her. “Look, he is out on a rape and attempted murder case right now. It’s his job,” Wyler explained and this took Shirley’s temper down rather quickly. “Ileen is cooking dinner, why don’t you join us in that cozy cabin ranch home for dinner as our guest while your husband is busy going after the bad guys”
“Really,” she asked in a quiet polite tone.
“Really,” Wyler replied.
“Well, uh, okay,” she quietly accepted.
“Good,” Wyler smiled a moment. “I’ll inform the misses of your attendance.”
“Thank you sheriff. What a gentleman you are,” she complimented Wyler in a soft jubilant tone.

Mike followed Juana into the battleship as they approached Captain Wade. “I am aware of what you need. Juana,” Wade ordered. “Take the detective to the roster of personnel in the ship’s records. We have their names and faces of everyone on a computer screen. See if you find your match.”
“Thanks Captain,” Mike turned and followed Juana down several halls, took a right and into a small room with several computers operating on the desktop. They were all running on the newer Windows 95 operating system as she seated him.
Standing over Mike’s shoulders, she moved the mouse and then selected the records of personnel. “Turn your head a moment,” she instructed and Mike did as she requested. Then she typed in a code and the records database opened.
She set it up for him. “And?” he asked.
“Just push the up or down arrow keys to scroll each record,” she instructed.
“Eleven hundred plus fucking records, are you kidding me?” he replied.
“Here,” she scrolled over with the mouse. “Their genders?”
“Males, you know—guys,” Mike informed her sarcastically with a smirk.
She clicked on the gender and eliminated female. That cut the records down to about about 7,031 records “Uh, their thing called ethnicity,” he informed her sarcastically again, and he felt her resentment under her quiet, hidden dexterity. “I think they were white, maybe Hispanic, but not black or Asian.”
She further went to the culture selections and clicked on Caucasian. “Does this help you,” Juana asked with a polite smile.
“Uh yeah, yeah it does,” Mike replied with almost 5,042 records still pending. “Thanks, you saved me from my wife.”
“Oh,” Juana smirked a girlish smirk. “Problems?”
“You can’t imagine,” Mike replied with a momentary wave as he turned and began scrolling the records.
“Good luck,” she stood up and back from him. “Call out to security just outside when you need to contact me, once you have located who you are looking for,” she replied with a momentary raised brow of doubt.
“Thanks,” Mike replied.

Kilr had located Awf. “Sheriff, Awf is online now. I am having some difficulties using the system to talk to him for some reason,” he added.
“I thought the Ahgundy had a sure proof system of communication,” Wyler replied.
“He is located on the opposite side of Ciera in a very large area called the Rozunders.”
“What’s that place?” Deputy Steve asked.
The Rozunders have a very special growth called a ZeeZee. They contain the planet’s core power and must be harvested periodically to detune and be sent back into the core systems,” Kilr replied.
“And?” Wyler prodded.
“This must be done by an elevated Ahgundy such as Awf. He will not be able to be disturbed for long or leave until this task that he was assigned by the president, has been completed,” Kilr added.
“Contact him anyhow. I want access in the capitol city to the Culligan’s,” Wyler instructed. “Tim, you and Kilr run things while Steve and I confront the criminals in jail. I wanna see Clarence face-to-face.”
Kilr manipulated his holographic control panel and then a panel opened and it was early sunrise where Awf and many other Ahgundy’s stood harvesting the plants.
The ZeeZee resembled mid height corn stalks that had a slight reddish glow to them. They were harvesting them with special long arm gloves, and placing them into a unit whereupon they dissolved.
The harvesters all were hovering and moving very slowly as they were being picked. “A combine from Earth might have made that faster,” Wyler hinted.
“Yes sheriff?” Awf had a lot of static.
“We need access to the human prisoners in the lead Ahgundy capitol city,” Wyler replied. “Tried calling the president and no answer.”
“He may be out of the universe on vacation. The system that Queebo setup is a prototype and it can fail at times.”
“Well, either way, we need for permission to visit the prisoners,” Wyler insisted. “With the president occupied you can make the call to the city security for our arrival on police business.”
There seemed a momentary pause of doubt on Awf’s part and he had been delegated this responsibility. “Kilr, how is the removal of the ship’s systems with your technician?”
“Uh, I think he is finishing up. They invited him for something the human’s eat called a chili,” he replied.
“A chili,” Awf seemed momentarily confused. Then he passed that comment off as irrelevant to his current mission. “Okay,” Awf became content. “Sheriff,” I shall alert the authorities of your visit and inspection,” Awf turned to glimpse a harvester that began having sparks flying from its top after an Ahgundy dropped in some stems from ZeeZees. “I have to go now,” the hologram closed.
“ZeeZees huh,” Wyler commented.
“Looked like a red glowing cornfield to me,” Tim commented. Reminds me of home in Nebraska. I sure would like to go there.”
“You cannot,” Kilr replied. “The atmosphere and radiation from that part of Ciera would fry a human body instantly.”
“Well, there you go,” Wyler smiled at him for a moment. “Certainly not Earth,” he commented and then turned back to Kilr. “Open a communication to Tammy.”
Kilr opened a hologram as Wyler turned to face her. She was seated on her knees in front of an entire bunch of Na’Neelah with Ariella holding a bible in hand, as Queebo watched from the side.
“And they said, the candle of the wicked shall be extinguished,” Ariella read to them all and then they noticed the opened communication hologram.
Chapter 11



Mike had already scrolled through over two thousand photos and he was getting tired from this long Ahgundy day. Juana entered behind him. “Anything?” she asked.
“Naw. With my rotten luck, they will be at the end of the records. I wish there was some way we could narrow the search, you know, maybe a hair color, height something like that,” he added.
She gently took his hand off the mouse and went to records again. “What color hair did the guy you are looking for have?”
“Uh, I think it was a sandy dark brown,” Mike told her.
She selected brown hair. “Height?” she asked.
“About as tall as you,” Mike told her.
“That’s around a range of five seven to five nine. I’m five eight,” she replied and typed in the height range. The number changed to less and now there were about 2,125 records. “Does that work better?”
“Much,” he smiled. “Uh, by the way, about that chili for dinner. Maybe I can visit the chef and have some?”
“I’m sure that can be arranged,” Juana broke a modest smile.
“Good,” Mike turned and began scanning the records. “As long as I don’t have to have dinner with my wife,” he quietly mumbled and Juana broke a momentary grin.
“That bad huh?” Juana inquired.
“Worse,” Mike commented as he continued scrolling to the next face.
“You know… we have a shrink on base in case you might want to spill your guts,” she hinted.
“Not me—her!” Mike shot back. “She’s the one with problems. See that Empire State Building she lives in?” Mike asked.
“Ugg, who can miss that sight, though it does appear interesting.”
“Almost vacant, except the very top where she has me living in a towah with made-up Ahgundy servants and a few others lower down near the bottom levels.”
“Servants,” Juana stood back. “That’s kind of like a slavery thing?” her tone changed slightly as the conversation became a bit more serious.
“Something that will make her freak later, because her delusions of grandeur are about to change after this case,” he continued scrolling.
“I see,” Juana backed away. “Call for me when you find what you are searching for.”
“Not my idea,” Mike replied, “the slavery thing and all.”
“Oh,” Juana as a black female stood and crossed her arms and Mike turned to her a moment. “And now you know why my wife needs that shrink,” which brought a devious smirk from Juana.
“I’ll give you her information before you part,” Juana replied and then turned and left as Mike continued his search on the computer system.
The day had come to its end with the smaller white dwarf star below the horizon and the G3V star almost gone too. Nighttime was here.

That was really something,” Tim commented. “The bible and aliens,” he shook his head in disbelief.
“Not completely. She has taught some of the Na’Neelah’s to understand several languages including English, Hebrew and Spanish. “They are very smart animals,” Wyler replied. “They are quick learners and forget very little.”
“The Na’Neelah’s know several Ciera dialects too,” Kilr chimed in. “They developed the only shielding that can defend against our weapon’s platforms.”
“Well,” Wyler turned to the men. “Got a dinner date with the misses and then Steve…tomorrow morning we visit the Culligan’s in prison. See you all later, and for Mike, let me know when he calls in, just forward the communication call to my place.”
“Enjoy dinner sheriff,” Steve waved.
“I will,” Wyler replied and he walked through a teleportal into his great room and the cozy fireplace. Shirley was already there and had helped Ileen set the table.
“Ileen, your hubby is here,” she called and turned to Wyler grabbing his tall grey Stetson from hand. Then Shirley took it and placed it in his bedroom on the hat rack in the corner as Ileen approached her husband and the two of them embraced. Shirley emerged standing at the bedroom door entry. “Oh, how romantic,” she smiled.
“It makes for less stress,” Ileen winked at her and gave Wyler one last kiss.
“I wish mine was like this,” Shirley waved her hand writing Mike off. “Ya know. That man really needs to see a psychologist or something like that,” she added.
Ileen turned to Wyler, a smirk on her face as they all sat down at the table. “He’s been working really hard to make ends meet,” Wyler commented. “Man’s on a very serious rape and attempted murder case,” the sheriff added. “Which reminds me,” Wyler turned and sternly stared Shirley in the eyes. “Filing a false police report is a serious crime. You are thinking about settling things more civilly with your husband.”
“Wyler Scott,” Ileen’s jaw dropped as Shirley was clearly at a disadvantage from the momentary hint the sheriff just spoke. “We are eating dinner,” Ileen continued in an almost scolding tone of distaste.
“Yes ma`am,” Wyler rolled his eyes and opened the top of the serving dish.

Mike had scrolled through a lot of records and then in the ‘S’s came upon the face with the name Scheme under it. He stopped and pondered on that face. The name was Sergeant John Scheme and his mind drifted as he dwelt on the Na’Neelah cavern and that guy who was in charge of trying to arrest them all. “Son of a bitch,” Mike murmured. Then he called the guard outside the room. “Get me the Juana gal asap.”
The call came in for Juana and she grabbed the line. “Okay,” she replied from the ready room, got up and proceeded out the door.

“He does have a certain big city charm,” Shirley mired in her own self-indulgent moment of bragging, about a husband she was often fighting with. Both Wyler and Ileen sipped their wines at the same time.
“People have to work at relationships,” Ileen threw her two cents in. “It hasn’t always been rosy cozy between you know who here,” she momentarily rolled her eyes left to Wyler, and then back to Shirley. “It takes a lot of work making a marriage successful. But, in the end, the rewards are a lot of happiness.”
“Ya know. My fatha actually liked Mike. A very wealthy and infuential man in New Yahk City. He thought Mike had some great potential and here he just wanted to be a, you know,” Shirley waved her hand and took a sip of wine which had helped to loosen her tongue and thoughts for the moment.
“Know what?” Ileen read the insult.
“Ya know, live on a cop’s salary.”
“And what’s wrong with that?” Ileen was clearly becoming frustrated with the babysitting job of this dinner guest as Wyler sat back, poured a wine refill and mused at the two ladies.
“Well nothing really,” Shirley shrugged. “I just thought, maybe…”
“Maybe what?” Ileen’s tone now changed to minor hostility.
“Woman’s got a legitimate point honey,” Wyler sipped a bit more wine. “Being a cop is a very special thing. It means putting one’s neck on the line to save others. Ain’t for everyone. You know that. We’ve been there before.”
“Thank you sheriff,” Shirley smiled at Ileen who was trying to cool down.
“Of course, he does have his odd style of doing things, don’t he?” Wyler threw that in.
“It’s called style,” Shirley took a fork of her dinner in mouth.
“It most certainly is,” Ileen dug that one in and began eating.

“That’s the motherfuckah right there,” Mike pointed the face out to Juana.
“Okay, lets get an address for him. I’ll alert security so we can escort you with two armed MP’s.”
“Thank you honey,” Mike replied in a soft tone. Then he added, “I’d like to call in to the station, you know, talk to Killa and then have some dinnah before we make arrests. Ain’t like they are going anywhere while I’m eating. I’m stahved.”
“Of course,” Juana stood up with him as the print out of the address for Scheme printed up on a dot matrix printer behind them across the small room.

Tonatiuh was flying through space in the original universe. He was going to be returning to a place he had been warned against, but only momentarily.

In the original universe, Mohany sat with Sky in front of a cozy fire. The Cahuillian Coyote God Isily hadn’t aged as they both had over the years. He lay in front of that fireplace, his ear perked to listen to everything they were saying.
“Ah, those old times we enjoyed,” Mohany smiled for a moment as Sky ran her fingers through his black hair.
“Now the quiet. Remember what happened in my old Arizona town with the Bodells and the Scotts? It was a tense but rare time. Page Arizona is usually a quiet place with campers and tourists traveling through.”
“Yeah, yes I do remember. I’m glad our detective and equipment businesses really took off,” Mohany replied as his grin deepened to a pleasant smile of momentary pride.
“Well, it looks like Trump won the election. I think we are living in strange times right now,” Sky commented. “So, tell me a few years ahead what will be?”
Mohany closed his eyes and things flickered before him. Then he opened his eyes as Isily sat up and stared at him. “Well,” she smiled and squeezed his arm, “tell me.”
“A lot of light followed by darkness and then light afterwards,” he told her and his expression remained stern with a poker face she couldn’t read.
Chapter 12



Mike and Juana sat down and they got a small paper bowl of chili. He was seated across from Turr who was dipping his right finger into the bowl. “The temperature of this is quite hot,” Turr commented.
“That’s how chili is supposed to be served, a navy man commented and they laughed.
“It does though, have an interesting thing to it,” Turr added.
The chef stood at the edge of the counter. “What kinda thang?” he asked. It was that Texas accent—a dead giveaway.
“Thang, whatsa thang?” Mike criticized in jest.
“Hey, you from the big city, you criticizing my accent?” the chef asked.
“That’s enough,” Juana replied in a stern voice and the cook threw his hands up a moment in surrender, and turned and walked back to the kitchen.
“You know,” Mike whispered at her. “That’s the kind of guy you know,” he suggested.
“Know what?” Juana pushed the question.
“Yes,” Turr inquired. “What exactly is to know?”
“Spit in the chili,” the navy man called quietly.
“That sounds like something I must try,” Turr replied with interest. “What is spit?”
“It adds flavah, believe me,” Mike smiled. He turned to Juana. “Ya know, what if all the guns are disabled, how do we apprehend the bad guys?”
“You can always use a good knife,” one of the laughing navy women called from down the table.
“No way,” another guy replied. “Him with a knife against a combat veteran, we have special training.”
“And what do ya think we get in the fucking Bronx…chopped livahs?” Mike replied.
“A cop in the city isn’t anywhere as capable with a blade as the military is,” the guy grew a bit more pompous in his comeback and that just irked Mike, as he glanced at Juana who smiled, awaiting the detective’s answer.
“Let me tell ya something youngster. In the Bronx, we grew up surviving with fucking blades. Guns were banned so it was a way of life for most, or didn’t ya know that?”

Ileen had set down three plates of New York Cheesecake on the table and took her seat. “So,” Shirley took a fork and sliced it. “Anything from the ya know, big detective?”
“Give it time,” Wyler replied, as he tasted the dessert. “Very good,” he complimented Ileen “Where’d ya get this?”
“Ahgundy system. They seem to have cataloged most Earth cuisines. I figured since we have the Empire State Lady here, we might as well finish the dinner with something to her liking.”
“You’re so sweet,” Shirley mused.

Meanwhile in the Na’ Neelah caverns, Tammy had a bowl of stew and she sat across from all of the sleeping Na’Neelah’s who always slept standing up. Some were snoring as she turned to Ariella.
“They always sleep this way,” Ariella told her. “It is the way God made them. Queebo,” she called.
“Yes,” he replied. “You have an extra quarters prepared for Tammy?” Ariella asked.
“Yes, this way,” he pointed and then walked ahead as Tammy took her bowl with her.
“Go ahead,” Ariella motioned with a tired sigh of strong will. “The caves are shielded. I shall be okay.”
Tammy felt she might be letting her guard down, but then just gave in as she had a bigger need of rest and relaxation than the others did. It had been non-stop with the GeeLee’s and now this. “Okay,” she smiled a moment, relieved at the opportunity of a good sleep.
“This way Tammy,” Queebo called and she played catch up and finally to a small chamber in the rocks. In the corner was a single sized bed and mattress duplicated from the Ahgundy soil. “I hope this is to your liking?” Queebo stood back, hands clasped as she set the bowl on the edge of the bed.
Tammy pressed the mattress with her fingers and for a moment, she felt like her middle finger went past the mattress, but then again pressed it deeper. It had been a weird sensation as if she was a ghost or something. “Yes, this will do, and thank you.”
Queebo turned and walked away and the walls of the vault dimmed slightly. She set the rifle at bedside and continued finishing her dinner.
Queebo approached Ariella. “She is okay with her room. Are you going to be retiring?”
“Yes I shall. I will see you in the morning,” she informed him and walked past some of the sleeping Na’Neelah as Queebo watched.

Tonatiuh’s feet dropped down onto Ciera soil at the foot of what was left of the pyramid of silver. He took a deep breath in the night air and then turned his attention westward toward the Cordole Mountains. “It has been too long,” the Aztec Sun God commented aloud.
Inside, he felt something, a sort of sadness that this had been the original universe he was standing in. That the original Earth that was here was nothing more than plasma and dust, his beautiful original sun gone.
Isolated, lonely in this universe on this distant alien world where another Sun God much more powerful than he, had warned of staying here. He realized he had to move on and so wanted to visit the remaining humanity on this desert world. Tonatiuh paused a moment and thought and then finally leapt into the sky.

Shirley was all smiles as she turned and waved at them. “Thanks for the dinnah,” and then walked through the teleportal into her tower and disappeared.
“Well, that was interesting,” Ileen smirked.
“Ya noticed something?” Wyler hinted and Ileen took the bait. It had become so obvious.
“A very different woman and personality,” she had brought it to the forefront and suddenly, there was a knock, knock, knock at their front door.
“Well,” Wyler turned and walked to the door. “Wonder who that is?” he slowly opened it and in stepped a very tall Tonatiuh to face them.
“Oh my God,” Ileen exclaimed in shock.
“I am not your God,” he replied. “I am the God of the Aztecs and Ahgundy,” Tonatiuh replied, chin up with a prominent arrogance that bespoke volumes.
“I thought all of you skedaddled outta here,” Wyler replied.
“I am only passing through. I was curious as to how the human’s were surviving here,” he replied.
“Well, for the time being, we are at peace and to some degree, thriving,” Wyler replied. “It must be lonely living in the remnants of what was our solar system,” Wyler pushed the envelop, and for a moment of pause in Tonatiuh’s eyes, the sheriff read something.
Couldn’t put his finger on it, but instinctively, that one moment of silence noted something else and it pained the sheriff to want to go further.
However, Wyler realized there were some things best left alone and the faster he got rid of this guy, the better.
“I am passing through on a vacation with the Tilmook species of this planet,” Tonatiuh replied. “I know we are not to stay long, and I did want to see how the human’s are here.”
“Is there something else we should know?” Ileen asked as she approached the men. “Perhaps with Earth,” she pushed the narrative a bit further from where her husband had stopped.
Again, there was that momentary hesitancy on the part of the Aztec Sun God. “No,” he replied casually as he glared down at the female. “No. I am going to leave on my vacation now,” he replied and then just simply dissolved into thin air and was gone as Wyler closed the door.
“He’s hiding something, especially where the Earth question came into being,” Ileen stood back and crossed her arms.
Just then, a communications hologram opened in mid air and it was Mike. “Uh hi folks, uh sheriff, we got a match?” he smiled with a piece of chili on his cheek.
“What’s that by your mouth?” Ileen asked.
Mike took his finger and wiped it off. “They were very kind to me. They gave me a bowl of their cook’s chili. We had a wonduhful, wonduhful time,” he smirked.
“And, you called to what about that match?” Wyler sighed.
“Going to make an arrest right now on my wonduhful full stomach,” Mike replied. “How’s that for detecting,” he let out a slight burp.
“Sounds like indigestion to me,” Ileen smiled and turned to Wyler.
“As soon as you arrest him, call me,” Wyler instructed his detective.
“Oh, Tammy and the victim, are they aware of any of this?” Mike asked.
“Check in with Kilr, and it might be wise to request that Kilr disable any and all weapons systems at the site. While guns don’t shoot bullets, Ahgundy weapons still work.” Wyler instructed and then the hologram closed.
“I just wanted to tell him how delightful his wife was,” Ileen egged it on.
“Don’t,” Wyler rolled his eyes. “He has bad indigestion. Besides, I need him to make an arrest right now. Time for some sleep in a nice warm bed.” He made his way into the bedroom with Ileen in tow.

Mike stood there and opened the communications portal to Kilr. “Just talked to the sheriff. He wants any and all weapons including all known Ahgundy weapons disabled and here is the site,” he turned a moment and winked at the female MP.
“Initiating now,” Kilr replied. “Weapons have been disabled at that location.”
“I have never seen an Ahgundy before,” the female MP turned to her male counterpart.
“Don’t worry,” Mike grinned. “They’re hahmless honey. Kilr, open a teleportal to that location,” Mike instructed
Kilr opened the teleportal and then replied to the female, “Not all of us are harmless.”
They all stepped into the condo and it was dark and void of anyone. Mike rested his hand on his knife.
“Killa, is anyone here besides us?” Mike called and the communications hologram opened in front of all three of them.
“No detective. You are the only three life presences at that location.”
Mike turned to the MP guy. “Couldn’t have disappeared into fucking thin air,” he commented and just then, a second communications portal opened in front of them all and Kilr could spot Shirley in that secondary portal.
“So,” she demanded in an angry tone.
“So what?” he replied in anger and the female MP smirked a moment covering her mouth as she turned to the male MP.
“So, did you find anything? When are ya coming back to the towah?” Shirley replied in a rancid tone of skepticisms mixed with disgust.
“As soon as I’m done with my fucking police business,” he replied then turned to Kilr. “Mute her and close block that channel right now,” Mike ordered.
“Now don’t you silence me mistah,” she waved her finger in an explosive eruption as her voice muted and that communications hologram closed.
“See the shit I gotta put up with?” Mike told them, turned the lights on, and nobody was there. The place was empty.
Chapter 13



Wyler was sound asleep, meanwhile, in the Ahgundy prison, a communication’s hologram opened and it was Heth. “Yes?” Clarence replied. “It’s getting rather late.”
“We have created enough distractions?” Heth inquired.
“Not yet. This sheriff is a very sharp man,” Clarence started explaining as his son Seth chimed in for a moment.
“Not if I can help it.”
“Shut up!” Clarence snapped. Then he turned back to the hologram. “I expect he will come to where he always comes and that is to my face to read me. Meanwhile, begin the next phase of the operation.”
“As you wish,” Heth clasped his hands together and calmly bowed and then the hologram faded out.
“And you son,” Clarence turned to Seth, “Had better let me do the thinking. Because, you are incapable of thinking at my level.”

Mike was flushed with frustrations as they were back on board the battleship. He had the teleportal with Kilr wide opened, then turned to Juana and winked before stepping through it. “Thank the Captain and oh, thank you sweets,” he stepped back into the station and approached Kilr at his desk as the teleportal closed.
“Now, tell me some good news. Did that, what you called it, turn up anything?”
“No…it did not. The molecular composition of that human does not exist on Ciera. The clothing items for the human were adequate and the molecules do exist, but the human body does not.” Kilr’s reply only deepened a bigger mystery. For if, there was no body on the planet, then where did they go?
“Okay hotshot,” Mike drew closer as Judge Ramos emerged from down the hallway, as he had been eavesdropping on the conversation at this late hour. “Then tell me where did he go?”
The Judge approached from behind Mike who turned to face him. “Let me pose a question to the both of you,” Ramos drew a slight smirk. “When you want to get rid of a dead body, where would you put it?”
Mike turned to Kilr. “That big desert place would be a consideration. How about it champ. Has anyone been uh,” Mike rolled his eyes with a momentary smile, and then turned to Ramos and back to Kilr, “disintegrated in that place, you know,” he pointed towards the mountains to the north of the valley. “That place, what do you call it again.”
“The Odom Expanse,” Kilr calmly replied. “I checked it already and there has been no additional deposites other than the weapons platforms which were re-deposited.”
“That brings up a second question,” Ramos was enjoying the moment.
“I know, I know, I know,” Mike grew irritated in tone. He didn’t like being passed up by somebody who wasn’t themselves a detective.
“It still remains,” the Judge pushed the narrative. “The question of why?”
“Yeah,” Mike waved him off. “The sheriff sure won’t like the answers.”
“Well guys,” Ramos held a legal book in hand. “Kilr, can you please open a teleportal to my home. It is very late and I have a long day tomorrow.”
The teleportal opened and the judge turned to Mike. “I’m a legal mind too,” he winked and then turned and walked through the teleportal which closed behind him. Mike turned to Kilr in disgust.
“Can you believe the nerve of that fuck. I’d expect that from someone in Brooklyn. You know, we used to call em farmers,” Mike explained.
“Farmers?” Kilr seemed in a momentary fog at Mike’s sarcasms.
“Okay, let me ask you this. Is there other places the suspect’s body could have, you know, vanished nearby?”
“Yes there is or have you forgotten already from the last time something was made to, as you call if, disappear,” Kilr was gaining the function of sarcasm.
“Well, refresh my ever loving memory,” Mike pushed the narrative.

The teleportal opened up and Moorgo was standing in a purple mist halfway up his orange body. Tonatiuh stepped through to him. “Glad you can make it,” Moorgo greeted the tall Aztec Sun God.
“And where is this place, what is here for me?” Tonatiuh asked. “Where are the others?”
“You are in-between universes,” Moorgo replied. “If you wait in this mist, you will fade out and then cycle through its attributes. It will allow you to glimpse things from the very far past, but not the present or future. It is a recording—very soothing.”
“I did not come here to be soothed,” Tonatiuh scathed him, glaring down at the Tilmook with a slight contempt.
“Yes you did,” Moorgo replied. “You want, like your friend, to see things and places you have never experienced before.”
There was a moment of pause as Tonatiuh stared into Moorgo’s large almond black eyes and tried to read him, but could not. “Can you hear me in your thoughts?” Moorgo asked him telepathically.
“Yes, yes I do,” he replied. There appeared to be a moment of ease in Tonatiuh’s mood, more trust as he calmed down.
“Good,” Moorgo soothed the moment. “The mist is climbing on you. In a few moments your journey through the far past shall begin. Enjoy,” and suddenly the Tilmook disappeared and everything became bright explosions of light around Tonatiuh and his emotions changed rapidly to one of happiness. His inner peace of mind and his curiosity had chased his stress away.

“I have checked the Golay Desert. There is nothing that can be detected. If they fell in there, the chances for their survival once they sink below the sands are non-existent. Are you going to retire for the evening, detective?” Kilr asked.
“Yeah, I think I’m going to sleep in one of the cells here tonight,” Mike replied with a yawn.
“You do not want to enter a teleportal back to your other human?” Kilr asked.
“Naw. She’s in a very, very, very bad mood and the last thing I want is to be screamed at all night long with that shit. Just adjust my cell to keep me warmer and make sure you create a fresh warm blanket and pillows for me.”
Kilr manipulated a few controls on his holographic control panel. “Thirty one B,” he informed Mike who turned and walked down the hallway to the jail cells and there it was, dim lights, a thick warm blanket, and extra pillows.
Just then, Wyler’s new Deputy JC Clemens entered the station with his bag. He was in the new uniform and ready for the night shift with Kilr who stayed alert all hours, both day and night.
He had been a former Marine Drill Instructor and with the war over, he decided to make a big difference and join the law enforcers of the colony.
“Reporting for duty,” he faced Kilr, and for a moment, it seemed there might be animosity between the two of them as their eyes met.
“Welcome to the sheriff’s department deputy. The sheriff had mentioned you would be filling this night shift.”
“Anyone else here?” JC asked Kilr.
“The lead detective and current acting under-sheriff is sleeping in a cell for the evening,” Kilr replied. “But he is officially off duty.”
“There’s no such thing as an off duty officer,” JC shot back.
“Well there is. The sheriff sets the rules and the detective is officially off duty. It appears that you will remain with me here in the station. Is that an issue?” Kilr leaned forward slightly and the Marine stepped forward right to his face.
“No…no, not at all. Where would you like me?”
“You can stay anywhere here though it is inadvisable not to enter the vacant Godumbian Ambassador’s quarters,” Kilr turned left and pointed a finger at the dark shielded residence. “The atmosphere inside his quarters is one hundred percent fatal to human’s.”
“Noted,” JC lightened up a bit. “Uh, do you have a John here? I gotta go.”
“A john?” Kilr asked.
“You know…a shitter?”
“What does a John Shitter do?” Kilr had become perplexed.
“A place where a human can relieve their urination and crap, you know, a toilet.”
“Oh, here, let me assist you.” Kilr turned and manipulated a dial on his controller. “I have locked onto you in the system. If you wait a moment, it will be completely relieved and you will not require that of your body. The planet will remove it and recycle the content.”
Just then JC smiled, he felt completely empty of his waste content. “You know something?”
“What?” Kilr asked.
“You’re pretty handy. I think we just became good friends,” JC broke a big smile.

Heth had located the Strangler device. He took it and secured it. It appeared as a central small hub with several solid arms in fixed positions. “It is all coming together,” he lifted it and held it up. In a sense it was too bad he couldn’t use this. Only the defunct GeeLee or Godumbian’s could use it or humans, but no Mauve Ahgundy, oh no.
This was an instant death sentence for the Ahgundy to try and use it. The strangler was highly illegal and this was the last known one. Destined for use by a human, when the timing was right.
However, where the other life forms could travel like the Tilmook through time back or forth. It was suspect that the molecular structure of the human’s might not be so tolerant.
Chapter 14



The night was a quiet one in the station and inside the top of her huge, almost vacant tower, sat Shirley, crying her heart out on the edge of the bed. Her husband never came home as she sat in a panicked state of severe anxiety.
“No,” she cried hard, “no,” she got up and walked to the window, glancing down at the human colony, far below, and in the distant eastern sky was almost the crack of dawn.

The fireplace was going and Wyler rolled over in bed. Ileen was half-asleep. “I wonder how your detective did last night,” she mumbled in a half whisper.
“Well,” Wyler rested his head deeper in that soft pillow “If he had anything, he would have called it in.”
“Maybe he didn’t want to disturb you.”
“Nope my sweet love. His job is to disturb me with an arrest. The fact he didn’t call means that he’s probably safe and cozy with his wife. I’ll find out in a while what is happening. Man’s gotta get some shuteye round these parts,” he mumbled in a slumber state and his eyes closed and he went back to sleep again.

Tecciztecatl was floating in space, a translucent giant when Quetzalcoatl appeared near him. “I wonder how Tonatiuh enjoys his vacation with my subjects?”
“I suspect, the Sun God is seeing things that are amazing, visiting new places. Your subject Moorgo, the lead Tilmook stated that Tonatiuh would enjoy the places and events he had picked out,” Tecciztecatl replied. “I only wish we could have returned and enjoyed them too, but it is my turn to chase the sun around the world.”

Mohany Rodriguez rolled over in bed on Earth, in the loft of their Idyllwild cabin. His wife Sky was sound asleep while his closest friend Isily, the giant Cahuilla Coyote God, slept at the foot of his bed.
Isily’s ears perked up and he rose from a slumbered sleep, as all canines were light sleepers, and glanced at Mohany. Something was happening, perhaps from a great distance and a different time.
Mohany was warm, not freezing as he stood in a thong and zorries on an icy field. The sky had grey and white clouds and the sun struggled to break through them. There was a frigid breeze about him, but he felt nothing.
As he watched, he spotted a figure walking across the icy snow tundra in his direction. As the figure drew nearer, he dawned a smile and Sheriff Wyler Scott, his best human friend, approached the Cahuilla Pu`ul.
“Sheriff,” his smiled deepened as he stood in awe of a younger Wyler Scott, with a thick bushy mustache, dressed in a Buckskin shearling, topped by a tall grey belly Stetson and guarded by his trusty Dan Wesson in a holster.
“Yep, it’s me,” Wyler replied. “Ya didn’t forget about me or the rest, did ya?” Wyler asked as his breath produced a small frigid plume which Mohany’s breath did not.
“No sheriff, I never forgot about you,” Mohany replied.
“Then why did you leave me on the Ahgundy planet?” Wyler became a bit angry.
“Ahgundy planet?” Mohany questioned.
“You need to come bring us back home,” Wyler informed him. “We’ve been waiting too long,” the sheriff added and then everything faded to darkness.
At bedside, Isily dropped his head down, he knew something just occurred, but what it was, he only sensed.
Mohany rolled over and dreamed of a past summer barbecue at the Morongo Indian Reservation, and his Apache friend approached. “This is some event, your hospitality of the Cahuilla’s is amazing. Don’t forget Ciera,” the Apache tapped him on the shoulder and that dream went dark as well.
Indeed these were messages, perhaps more than a dream. Mohany only knew the Sierra Mountains, though Mammoth was part of those Eastern Sierras. Was the sheriff’s spirit contacting him from beyond the grave at that cemetery, and what was an Ahgundy?”

Heth arrived at the Tilmook city and he had another of his Ahgundy henchmen with him. They ascended the steps. “We must locate one of a great many Tilmook. They are all embedded in the walls. We grab it, throw the Strangler on it and then use a teleportal to remove the affected Tilmook. Redirect the energy to Mister Culligan.”
“This is a destruction offense should we be discovered,” the henchman replied to Heth.
“We will not,” Heth continued and he followed him up the steps. They entered through the white doors of the city and into the long gleaming white hallway.
The henchman held up an Ahgundy Illustrator device that could see through the Tilmook walls and into the nerve centers that interconnected millions of the orange life forms.
“Here is one,” he called and Heth turned around and grabbed the device from him, scanning the Tilmook.
He handed it back to him. “Open it,” Heth instructed and the Ahgundy changed a side dial on the device and the wall panel became translucent and curled up inside was the orange Tilmook whose linked mind had him elsewhere.
Heth took the Strangler and pushed the round central part onto the Tilmook’s chest, right through the wall as the arms of the device slowly closed around the Tilmook.

The pink was dissolving and millions of Tilmook began sitting up as did Demetreius and Tonatiuh who spotted him. “You,” the Ahgundy president’s expression changed from one of joy to shear arrogant anger.
“Yes, me,” Tonatiuh stood up and stepped forward as Demetreius faced off against the much taller Aztec Sun God who bore a slight grin. In the distant background that nobody noticed, one of the Tilmook began to flicker and started fading away.
“Oh, this does not seem good,” Kaaswah put his hands out as he hovered back away from the Aztec Sun God.
“No, it may not be for him,” Tonatiuh pointed a moment at the Ahgundy President. “You owe me a sacrifice,” Tonatiuh demanded.
“I owe you nothing,” Demetreius replied. “In fact, the only thing you may be owed is a trip back to where you came from my friend.”

Queebo watched his control panel and suddenly there was a momentary dip in the power grid from the Tilmook systems that it tapped. He seemed to be in a bit of disbelief as the Tilmook systems were always working, and online unless they were under some type of attack.

“Let’s go, let’s go,” Heth and his henchman pulled the orange Tilmook from the wall with the device Strangler fully attached as an Ahgundy teleportal opened up right down at the end of the hallway and they quickly walked the drowsy Tilmook through that. The teleportal closed up behind them.

The President of the Ahgundy, Demetreius body that was in his chambers and connected through the Tilmook system, had sudden red and yellow sparks shoot through the arms and legs. It was only momentary, and then things were back to normal.

“I don’t feel like going,” Tonatiuh put his left hand out as all the Tilmook watched in horror at what was unfolding during their vacation. Demetreius shrunk into the left palm of the Aztec God. “You owe me a sacrifice,” Tonatiuh took the index finger on his right hand and touched the small chest of Demetreius and then enlarged the Ahgundy heart in his right hand, holding it up and admiring it. “Thank you,” Tonatiuh made Demetreius large again to his normal size and standing feint on the ground before him.
“We are not here for this type of recreation,” Moorgo claimed.
“I like it,” Tonatiuh grinned, “besides, he just made his daily sacrifice to me,” he held the beating Ahgundy heart up as a trophy.
“Restore it,” Moorgo demanded. “He will apologize to you for his comments and you will restore his heart.”
“I agree,” Kaaswah hovered closer to the wilting Ahgundy president.
Demetreius concentrated and no teleportal opened up as he stood there. “It doesn’t work here,” Tonatiuh grinned, “but mine does.”
“So do ours,” Moorgo replied. “Look, here, take my sacrifice in place of his,” Moorgo pulled off a finger and handed it to Tonatiuh.
“But you are not my sacrifice, thee Ahgundy are,” he persisted and Moorgo held the finger to Tonatiuh’s face.
“Do you have a finger that is this orange color?” Moorgo asked.
Tonatiuh took the orange finger in his right hand and held it up against the pink light and it made a very beautiful combination as the pink mist was easing the frustrations and anger in his consciousness. He twisted that finger in the light, and the more he stared at it, the more sense it made.
“Okay,” he took the heart in his left hand and shoved it against Demetreius chest and the organ had been restored as the millions of Tilmook watched, ignoring the current fact that one of their own was no longer standing there with them.
Chapter 15



The morning had come as the first sun, the white dwarf rose from the eastern horizon. Wyler was already up while Ileen slept in bed. The fireplace was warming both the ranch home and cabin as Wyler had a hot coffee, and then threw his coat on.
The day was here for him to question one Mister Clarence Culligan and also find out why his detective had not called in.
The sheriff had a myriad of questions on his mind, though on Earth when it existed in older times, he had been through much worse, including dealing with the evil Culligan’s.
Now he intended to get answers and see if his long years of law intuition paid off in a hunch. If anything, Wyler Scott’s lawman instincts said somewhere and somehow, that Clarence Culligan was tied into things.
It was his nature to be involved, after all, a carrot never changes from being orange unless it’s rotting, and Clarence Culligan was one of the shrewdest and rotten individuals the sheriff ever knew.
He sipped more of that hot coffee and then heard a noise behind him. It was Ileen standing at the bedroom door as she yawned. “Business,” she asked, crossing her arms.
“Business,” Wyler drew a slight grin of confidence.
“The old nemesis?” she further questioned.
“Maybe. It’s a good bet he is in on it somehow. Man’s almost always at the center of things.” Wyler took another sip of that hot morning coffee.
“You could be wrong,” she surmised. “There’s always a first time.”
“Maybe,” Wyler gave in a little, to diffuse where this was heading.
“Well, good luck,” She blew him a kiss. “I’m going back to bed.”
“See you tonight after work,” Wyler replied and she turned and went back in the bedroom. “And now Mister Clarence Culligan for you.” Wyler finished that cup of coffee, opened the front door and got in his Chevy. He turned the engine over and steered toward town.

“Funny,” Queebo had thoroughly checked the system power and it all was working fine now.
“What’s funny?” Ariella approached with Tammy behind her and the lead Na’Neelah.
“Our systems, as you know, are separate from the Ahgundy main systems. From here, we are connected to the Tilmook systems and derive energy from them. Earlier, there was a brief drop and then surge in their system,” Queebo replied.
“So,” Tammy shrugged. “Power dips happen all the time.”
“She’s right,” Ariella informed Queebo.
“That is your planet, and Earth systems are quite frail. The Tilmook system is never down and always precise. This is impossible,” Queebo seemed worried.
“Now wait a moment,” Tammy cut in. “You were late getting here because you were working on something involving the Ahgundy and Tilmook systems. Don’t you think that perhaps there is an issue with the system, maybe some bugs in it?” Tammy stressed.
“Bugs?” Queebo became totally perplexed and lost by her reply. “Aren’t those tiny lifeforms on Earth.”
“You have em here too,” Ariella replied. “They are just larger.”
“You do make a point, however I cannot change what was approved by the president without his requesting this change and the cooperation of the Tilmook as well.”

They were floating on clouds in a gaseous star field with oxygenated space surrounding them.
“The Glusters,” Moorgo pointed. They are cold micro stars. If you motion them, they will come to you, and then you stick a finger into their centers. It reenergizes your soul. Try it, a wonderful feeling,” and many of the Tilmook reached out as did Kaaswah, Demetreius and finally Tonatiuh.
A micro star changed orbit and gravitated to the Ahgundy’s finger and he pushed his finger inside and it was a warm feeling yet remained cold enough as he held his hand up with the star stuck on the end of his finger.
“This is absolutely delightful,” Kaaswah commented.
Demetreius immediately smiled. “Quite pleasurable and energizing as well.”
Tonatiuh smiled too and turned to Moorgo. “Is this near Earth,” Demetreius asked.
“How can this be near Earth stupid,” Tonatiuh snapped, turned and touched the star on Demetreius finger, and it momentarily scorched him as he flung the star away.
“That wasn’t nice,” Demetreius complained.
“Are you okay my friend?” Kaaswah asked.
“I shall recover,” Demetreius calmly replied.
“I agree,” Moorgo chimed in. “We are all guests on a special, as the humans call it, vacation. We must act in peace.”
“And his tongue to me was not nice,” Tonatiuh shot back. “He was treated with the same level of respect as he showed me from his tongue of stupidity. Perhaps—” Tonatiuh started.
“Perhaps what?” Demetreius replied in an angry snarl.
“Perhaps we now enjoy the rest of this vacation,” Moorgo told them both as all of the Tilmook watched and the star that Demetreius flung away resumed its normal color pattern. “Mr. President, try another star.”
“Is it safe with him around?” Demetreius glanced up at Tonatiuh nearby and then turned to Moorgo.
“Yes,” Moorgo stared at the Aztec Sun God. “Yes, resume your activities,” Moorgo instructed and the expression on his orange face soothed Tonatiuh’s temperament.

Wyler continued down the road as Mike approached the main lobby area and Kilr. “Who’s this guy?” JC asked.
“I ought to say the same for you,” Mike replied turning to Kilr. “Who is this guy? I ain’t seen him before.”
The doors parted and in stepped Wyler. “Morning gents,” he walked by them to Kilr. “Get Awf online,” Wyler instructed as Kilr pulled up a communication’s hologram. “Mike, this is our new deputy JC.”
“Yeah, we was just getting acquainted,” Mike surmised.
Awf was online. “We good to go?” Wyler asked him.
“Yes sheriff, all approved,” Awf replied.
“Okay, thank you,” Wyler grinned a moment as the hologram closed. “Kilr when does Deputy Steve arrive?”
“He will be here shortly,” Kilr informed the sheriff.
“Mike, fill me on last night,” Wyler ordered.
“Nothing. We found nothing, just his belongings. Didn’t look like anyone was in a hurry to leave, just nobody around.”
Wyler turned to Kilr. “Did you assist him?” Wyler asked in reference to Mike.
“Nothing,” Mike reiterated. “Killa checked everything, the guy has this DNA stuff and it is nowhere else except his belongings and some traces elsewhere in the barracks.”
“Odom expanse?” Wyler asked Kilr.
“Uh no sheriff. If there had been, we could have checked past deposits. There were none,” Kilr replied.
“Mike, people don’t just disappear?” Wyler began to suspect something else at play here. “JC, you stay here at base and get the routines nailed. Mike, as soon as Tim comes in, hook up and get to detecting. Kilr, I’ll be in my office. Let me know when Steve arrives.”
Just then, Judge Ramos was all smiles as he entered the main lobby from a teleportal. “Good morning gents. Sheriff, you have my first suspects?”
“Nope. You’ll probably be doing a lot of reading today in those law books. Kilr, be ready to open a teleportal for two when Steve arrives, for a visit to one Clarence Culligan,” Wyler instructed.
“Okay sheriff,” Kilr replied.

Heth approached past a guard that stood aside as he entered the prison and walked to Clarence. He had a gold ring as he faced his boss.
“We ready?” Clarence grinned.
Heth took the gold ring and lifted it above Clarence’s head. “As soon as this is on your shoulders, it will relay the energy from the Tilmook in the Strangler. It takes an Ahgundy day before it will transfer control to you.”
“Great,” Clarence walked to him. “Proceed,” he ordered and Heth gently set it down around his neck and onto his shoulder.
There were gold sparks, the ring tightened slightly, and Clarence wanted to grab it, fearing he would become beheaded. “No, do not,” Heth cautioned. A moment went by and the ring began to disappear and finally it was gone and inside Clarence.
“Now what?” Seth approached.
“Mind your own business, that’s my question,” Clarence snapped at his son. Then he faced Heth. “Now what?”
“A day and you will begin to understand. It takes a bonding time. As long as the strangler remains wrapped around that Tilmook you will have the powers to teleportal, anywhere, and at anytime.”
Heth’s words brought a big smile to Clarence. “Okay, okay,” Clarence smile broadened.
“I need to leave right now,” Heth told him. “I shall see you in one Ahgundy day.” Then he turned and exited the prison and disappeared around the cavern bend.
Chapter 16



Steve entered the sheriff’s department from a teleportal and Tim a minute later. “The sheriff would like to see you in his office,” Kilr informed Steve.
“Okay,” the young deputy seemed a bit nervous, then turned and spotted JC. “New here I guess?”
“You guessed right. Name is JC,” he informed Steve.
“I’m Deputy Steve Klinger,” he shook his hand, then turned and left. “Morning Mike,” Steve called out.
“Morning kid,” Mike replied.

“Gone all night,” Shirley was over at the cabin with Ileen. “I hope he is okay.”
“Wyler should be at the station. I am sure that Mike was on an overnight stakeout. Kilr, can you hear me, we need to talk to Wyler.”
A communications hologram opened in Wyler’s office just as Steve knocked at his door. Wyler motioned him to sit down in front of the desk and Steve seemed very nervous as though he was receiving bad news.
“Yes honey,” Wyler replied.
“Ileen is here. She was alone all last night. She has had a horrendous night worrying about her husband. Was he on a stakeout?”
“Oh hell,” Wyler reclined and rubbed his forehead a moment, with a slight grimace growing on his face. He really didn’t need this love-hate squabble that was developing right now as it was very bad timing.. “No, he is in the main lobby with Kilr. I’m sure we can transfer this to Kilr so Mike’s wife can discuss his sleeping arrangements with him, hang on. Kilr,” Wyler called as Steve tried not to laugh and placed his hand over his mouth.
“Yes sheriff,” Kilr replied.
“Mike has a private call, transfer this to him,” Wyler instructed and the communications hologram disappeared. “Reason you’re here deputy,” Wyler explained to Steve. “We are going to the lead Ahgundy city to visit a prisoner. Yuh ready?”
“I sure am,” Steve and Wyler both stood up.
“Kilr, open a teleportal from my office to Clarence Culligan,” Wyler requested and in the distance, Mike’s voice and explanation to his angry wife could be heard throughout the station.
The teleportal opened and the Sheriff followed by Steve both stepped through it for an interview with a master criminal.

“Look honey, it’s not what you think,” Mike pleaded
“Not what I think,” Shirley snapped. “Explain!”
“Well, yah see, I was tired and I needed someplace to bed down,” Mike began explaining as JC put his hand over his mouth to try not to laugh and Kilr ignored the conversation in public.
“Not what I think, not what I think,” she exploded. “You were supposed to be here at the towah,” she added. “You have fucking portals, you can step right into the towah,” she pressed the issue.
Tim approached. “That sounds about right,” he chimed in uninvited.
“Now you keep out of this, I’ll handle my wife,” Mike pointed a momentary finger at him and the situation grew tenser by the moment.
“Handle me, handle me!” she became enraged.

Wyler and Steve approached the cells, then past an Ahgundy security guard and walked to the cell and its invisible shield as Clarence stood watching with Seth in the background.
“Well, well, well,” Seth crossed his arms. “If it ain’t the big bad sheriff himself.” His sarcastic tone brought a momentary note and grin from Wyler.
“Your kid never learns,” Wyler told Clarence.
“Damned right I don’t,” Seth shot back.
“Kids need a role model,” Clarence grinned. “Someone who is capable of climbing insurmountable mountains.”
“And your it?” Wyler replied. “I think we have been down this road before.”
“And while we are talking about kids,” Clarence focused on Deputy Steve. “It seems you have yourself one right here. Is that what you’re recruiting these days?” Clarence was trying to get a rise out of the young deputy.
“I’m no kid, I’m a man,” Steve replied in anger.
“Yes—sure you are,” Clarence goaded him more which inflamed the situation as Wyler gently put his hand out to hold Steve back.
Then the sheriff replied, “see how a master criminal manipulates people. It’s what makes him so dangerous.”
“You take his words and you will end up dead son,” Clarence warned Steve. “Ask him how many other young men he got killed. Of course you can always join an organization like mine,” Clarence further boasted.
“I would never join scum like you,” Steve replied.
“Man’s got the right perspective,” Wyler chimed in.
“Only thing he’s gonna git is thrashed when I get out,” Seth threatened.
“See how it works,” Clarence drew a big grin.
“Yes, and how does it work?” Wyler asked. “Maybe you can explain something about a rape. You tied into the GeeLee’s too?” Wyler pushed the issues.
Clarence turned and glanced over his shoulder at his son Seth, then turned back to the sheriff with a shrug. “Couldn’t be me. I’ve been here all along,” his grin broadened and Wyler just knew something was up, but what it was, remained a mystery.
“Portals make it quick and easy to teleport anywhere around this planet,” Wyler calmly replied and that narrative didn’t sit well with Clarence as his smile all but disappeared.
Then Wyler turned to Steve a moment. “See how quickly you can take their situation and use it against them. It’s a good lesson to learn.”
“That proves nothing sheriff. I have been here all along with my son and daughter,” Clarence replied.
“Not according to a witness that claims you stole his merchandise. Care to elaborate?” Wyler pushed the issue further.
“Markers,” Clarence replied. “I called them in, from prison. He did business and used our warehousing to stock his property”
“And where did you hide it?” Wyler asked.
“Nowhere, we never collected,” Clarence further lied about things.
“According to the witness you raided his premises and he is an eyewitness you were all there, especially him,” Wyler pointed at a nervous Seth. “Like I asked, care to elaborate.”
“He has a common face,” Clarence replied. “Could have been anyone. My son has been right here with me.”
“Now why don’t I believe that?” Wyler asked.

“Please honey, can we talk about this another time?” Mike pleaded with a very angry wife.
“No!” she closed the communications hologram and then turned to Ileen. “I want to get a divorce.”
Kilr gestured a stunned Mike. “Is this also what they called in the human dialect, being FUCKED?” he asked.
“In more ways then one,” JC chuckled.
“You know, the sheriff is gone,” Mike pointed a finger of authority at the new deputy. “Hey Killa, when the big guy is gone, who’s in charge?”
“Big guy,” Kilr was confused.
“You know who I meant…the sheriff.”
“You are the next in line,” Kilr replied.
Mike turned to JC, “I rest my case.” He turned to Tim. “Sheriff wants us to investigate things. Killa, any chance you can open a teleportal to the very, very safe edge of this other place, what did you call it?”
“The Golay Desert,” Kilr replied.
“Yeah, that place,” Mike shot back. “Since the other place the Odom Expanse you have ruled out, this makes sense.”
“If anything went into the sand there, it would disappear. Any deposits would take a very long time to detect before they reached the core and they dissolve on the way down, so it is not as sudden as the Odom Expanse. It would as mentioned, be impossible to trace.”
“Perhaps,” Mike responded. “But there’s always a clue somewhere and we need to find it.”

“Like I said, you could portal anywhere,” Wyler further pressed the issue.
“And like I replied,” Clarence grew angrier as the persistent questions never seemed to end. He was an intolerant man when he felt things might unravel and this type of ongoing questioning just irked him. He was slowly cracking. “We’ve been right here, or what is it about your tiny mind that you don’t understand?”
“My pa,” Seth started to say when Clarence turned and said in a stern voice “shut up!”
“And that’s why his kid is a juvenile delinquent,” Wyler taught Deputy Steve. “Listen to a dad like that and it’s what you would become. Like father, like son. Right Clarence Culligan?”
“We don’t gotta take that—“ Seth argued.
“I said shut up,” Clarence snapped at Seth, and then turned to Wyler. “What made you a lousy sheriff, and still does, is how much you enjoy torturing people.”
“Only when they repeatedly lie,” Wyler replied. “Now tell me about the robbery and rape and a whole bunch of other crimes you’ve been involved in,” Wyler calmly persisted.
“Like I stated, we’ve been right here in prison. What are you going to do, lock me up? I’m already locked up,” Clarence grin returned.
“Yeah,” Wyler replied. “Yeah, okay,” he turned to Deputy Steve. “I just got the answer I needed,” and that psychological twist didn’t sit well with Clarence. His grin disappeared again, and now there was worry building on his face and the sheriff could read it.
“I ain’t done with you yet boy,” Seth stepped up toward the force field to square off against Deputy Steve.
“He’s stupid…always has been,” Wyler informed his deputy. “Eventually, he will end up worse off, because stupid criminals always do. Come on, let’s go. I got what I wanted.”
Chapter 17



Mike and Tim stood at the edge of what appeared to be mild and low rolling sand dunes as far as they could see. “And what are we looking for?” Tim asked.
“Killa said to stay on the darker sand to avoid falling in. We walk the perimeter and check the ground. If there is a clue, it will be here,” Mike commented.

The teleportal to the station opened and Wyler followed by Deputy Steve entered. The sheriff approached Kilr. “The detective?” he asked.
“At the Golay Desert investigating for evidence,” Kilr replied.
“And the personal call from his wife?” Wyler asked.
“I don’t think you want to know,” JC chimed in. “She’s a mean one and he might be better just staying where he is right now.”
“That bad?” Wyler grinned.
“It was as he taught me…fucked!” Kilr replied.
“I would say that’s very bad,” Steve commented just as the Judge approached for a bit of time to stretch his bored legs.
“What’s going on guys?’ Ramos asked.
“Lots right now your honor,” Wyler replied. “Just a matter of time before things crack.”
“Well,” Ramos broadened his momentary grin, “at least time is on our side.”
Then Ramos went and stepped outside and while he did, across the Gore Desert, in that capitol Ahgundy city, Heth exited a teleportal and walked past the lone Ahgundy guard. “Tomorrow you will have the abilities to travel.”
“What about taking others with me or transporting items?” Clarence asked.
“The Tilmook have those abilities and much more. I believe you will have that ability as well. Though it might take additional practice to move backward or forward through time and appear where you want to.”
“I see,” Clarence replied with a bit of skepticism.
“Hey pa, maybe we can go back to Mammoth, and do that miserable son of a bitch sheriff in for good,” Seth suggested.
“We won’t need to,” Clarence turned and glanced at him.
“Why not?” Seth protested.
“Because once we have this, we can go wherever we want. We won’t need that sheriff or anyone else,” Clarence grinned.
“But I want that bastard,” Seth continued.
“And maybe I don’t,” Clarence grinned intensified and that didn’t sit well with Seth Culligan. “Now, we will get your sister tomorrow and take ol Heth here and visit a few new homes far away from this world.”
“I disagree with you,” Seth grew angry.
“Of course you do. Now do as I tell you, just calm down and one more day we are outta here,” Clarence turned to Heth. “Tomorrow we leave. Look in the Ahgundy information and find us a suitable planet that is safe and we can live on. Something similar to Earth.”
“As you wish,” Heth replied, turning a momentary eye towards Seth before stepping back into the teleportal and disappearing.

“Ya know, I gotta patch things up with the wife,” Mike commented as they were walking along the hard dirt.
“And what if she doesn’t want to?” Tim stood there a moment glaring down at Mike.
“Believe me,” Mike gestured. “She needs me more than I need her.” Then they continued cautiously, finally locating something. “Look here,” Mike pointed. “Be careful. Killa can you hear me?” Mike called in.
A communications hologram opened up between them. Wyler clouded the view. “Whaddya find?” the sheriff asked.
“Have Killa check this out,” Mike pointed at the spot on the ground and there were sandal prints, fairly fresh.
“I am on it now,” Kilr took a snapshot of them.
“Can he get an ID on these. Humans wear shoes or boots otherwise they might be barefooted,” Mike speculated.
“Kilr,” Wyler turned to him.
“Those may be Ahgundy prints,” Kilr replied. “Mike, do not disturb them, I am working on an id lock.”
“How do you ID these fucking prints?” Mike asked in a sarcastic gesture with hand gestures as though he were still the Bronx bigshot from yesteryear.
There was a certain arrogance of all knowledge of the Earth, but then again, he wasn’t dealing with a human police department.
“They have their ways detective,” Wyler replied as he again turned to Kilr.
“This form of foot cover comes from the third city. I will need time to check the stamped pattern on it,” Kilr informed them.

The GeeLee satellite continued to destabilize things as a military MP walked through a tree, with his arm accidentally becoming stuck in the trunk, then released and he continued and turned a moment, held his arm in disbelief.
It had been an odd sensation momentarily becoming stuck and then released back to normal.
He turned around, walked back to the tree, and pressed his fingers against it and it was just as solid as it had ever been.

Across near a field of dropped hardened diamonds, three female marines were gathering them in baskets. One lady set a basket down and then went to momentarily grab it again, and her hand went right through that handle.
“What,” she commented and tried that again, finally grabbing the solid basket.
“Hey,” her friend called. “What’s going on?”
“I set the basket on the ground a moment as I dropped the rocks in it and then went to grab it and my hand went right through it,” she claimed as her friend approached, with her own full basket in hand.
Then she tried a second time and lifted the basket. “I must have been thinking about something else,” she smiled.
“Come on, we need to get the rest of these filled and loaded up for the colony.”

They were flying at high warp in their bodies through a white foam in space between universes. There was no sound in this vacuum, but they could breath as of all of them followed Moorgo through this amazing pleasurable flight.
This was unbelievable and Demetreius seemed to be racing against both Tonatiuh and Kaaswah as one slightly darted ahead of the other with laughter, and millions of Tilmook surrounding the three special guests, kept pace around them.
The Ahgundy president had not checked his connections back home for a while, his system frozen in place, always displaying that everything was fine.
However, this had not escaped the Aztec Sun God Tonatiuh. He glanced to his left, and felt something, if ever so slight, and then ignored it for the time being.
He could feel some kind of imbalance occurring. Nevertheless, what it was, he had not come to understand or where it was, seemed at the moment, to remain quite elusive.

“So,” Wyler questioned Mike.
“So we got these fucking prints boss, and nothing else,” Mike responded.
The sheriff turned to Kilr. “Anything in those sands disappears never to be found again. What about bodies buried deep down?” Wyler asked. As Mike and Tim watched from the floating hologram’s side.
“Once below the sands, they drop quickly and dissolve quickly, absorbed into the energy fields at the core. It is a similar process as the Odom Expanse, but the main difference sheriff, is that the Odom Expanse makes an immediate deposit above ground, as to where the sands dissolve below ground. We can track what occurs above ground, but not the Golay Desert.”
“Which makes it the perfect dumping ground if you wanted to make someone really disappear,” Wyler commented.
“Which means we’re fucked if we don’t find the owner of those sandal marks in the dirt,” Mike commented.

Shirley was in the top of the Empire State Building luxury tower and had sipped several glasses of red wine. She was in essence drunk, and depressed at her husband.
Deep down she wanted him to really love her, yet she knew this wasn’t working out as she had planned. If only daddy had come with them, he would have kept Mike in line.
Nevertheless, daddy wasn’t here as she was in a cute negligee and strode over to the large window to gaze out of it.
Ciera was a wide open planet and she mired at the activity below, and the distant battleship. Then she touched the window and her hand went through it. “Oh how Mahvelous, a dream,” she pushed through and fell out of the tower window, falling a thousand feet toward her death on the Ahgundy soil below screaming as gravity was running its destructive course for certain death.
Chapter 18



Kilr’s emergency human grid popped up beeping and he manipulated a holographic dial, and then punched some buttons on it.
“What is it?” Wyler ran to glimpse things.
“Not to worry sheriff, I have her. She will be safe in a moment and with her significant other.”

Just then a very drunk Shirley dropped out of a teleportal above Mike and next to him gently set on the ground. “Honey,” Mike was surprised as Tim gazed at his wife in that negligee.
“Don’t honey me,” she slapped him across the face.
“You,” Mike pointed a finger at Ted. “Get your eyes off my wife,” he ordered in a threatening tone.
“Sorry,” Ted glanced away.
“How did you get here?” Mike asked.
“Yuh towah is broken,” she shot back in anger and, “I fell here.”
“Broken?” Mike was perplexed as another communications hologram opened with Kilr, Steve and Wyler in the background.
“Yeh, broken mistah and it’s all your fault,” she pointed an accusatory finger jab at him.
“How’s it my fucking fault?” Mike asked pointing a momentary finger of accusation at himself. “It’s your towah,” he replied. “I just wanted to stay in a single little cozy place, you know honey, snuggle up.”
“The human is okay sheriff,” Kilr informed them.
“Not in my book,” Mike replied. “Anyhow, what’s my wife doing here and what’s this defective tower?”
“It appears she managed to get outside of the top of it and almost fell to her demise,” Kilr explained.
He turned to Shirley. “Is that true?”
“Yeah mistah, it’s true,” she replied like it’s no big deal. Then rolled her eyes and blew the hair up out of her face with her lower lip. “Now what?”
“Hey look, sheriff. I don’t believe we are going to find anything else here,” Tim commented as he interrupted the tense moment.
“I agree,” Wyler replied. “Tim, you get back here and Mike, you and Shirley enter a second teleportal to my cabin. No place to fall from there.”
“And what about my towah?” Shirley stood back protesting, her hands at her sides as her anger built.
“The fucking thing is gone. Killa, get rid of that thing and restore a single floor residence good enough for the two of us,” he ordered.
“Oh, whoa ho ho, no you don’t,” she got in his face as Tim walked through a teleportal into the sheriff’s station and the second teleportal opened up into the cabin, with Ileen spotting both teleportals in her den.
“What’s going on?” She asked.
“Mike and Shirley are coming to you. Secure them for now,” Wyler instructed and then his teleportal closed.
“Well, it’s just us honey,” he smiled grabbing her hand and pulling her through the teleportal into the den in front of the crackling flames of the nice warm fireplace.
“Don’t just me honey,” she protested, slapping him.
“Oh my,” Ileen put her hands on her cheeks.
“That’s assaulting a police officer,” Mike turned to Ileen. “See what I put up with and she is intoxicated too.”
“Yuh wanna see assault mistah,” she stepped up and grabbed his head, pulled him in close and embraced him in a sexy manner as Ileen stepped back and blushed.
Then they both turned and stared at Ileen a moment. “That’s assault?” Ileen questioned.
“See what I gotta put up with,” Mike grinned.
“More like a love hate relationship,” Ileen commented.
“Exactly,” Shirley mused with a slight grin.

Queebo had been studying the controls and he had figured something out as he opened a communication to Awf. “There is something wrong,” Queebo informed Awf.
“We’re almost done harvesting,” Awf commented. “The president will be pleased by this haul.”
“He may not be aware of it,” Queebo replied. “I believe his system may be frozen. The only way we can contact him is through the Tilmook system and I have tried routing a communication through it and nothing.”
“That is not good at all. I shall finish here shortly and then travel to you. Has the sheriff located the bad humans?”
“No!” Ariella shouted from the background.
“One of the deputies is here guarding her. We had another issue. A human hand went through rock and then returned to normal,” Queebo added.
“That does not sound good either. Alert the sheriff and I shall return shortly,” Awf replied.

“Captain, permission to enter,” Juana stood at his door on the ship.
“Enter Juana,” Captain Wade smiled.
“There are several reports including aboard ship and personnel at the base and now in the field, passing through objects,” she informed him.
“What do you mean?” Wade asked.
“Exactly that, like they temporarily became ghosts,” she continued.
“Do you think it is those alien hookups they modified on the ship?” Wade asked. “Better yet, get the technicians in the conference room. Let’s get some answers.”
“Okay Captain, I’m on it,” she replied, turned, and left the room.
Wade sat up. “The crap never stops.”

Clarence was resting on a bunk and Seth stood at the forcefield to the prison. Then he felt odd and touched it. He didn’t get shocked as he decided to walk right into it and next thing he knew, he was out of prison as the Ahgundy guard ran to his spot.
“Hey pa, look at me,” he boasted with a grin.
“Is that on?” Clarence asked and Seth turned to walk back inside and was knocked to the ground.
“You,” the guard called to Seth.
Clarence got up, pressed his finger against the forcefield, and got a nasty zap.
“Deactivate now,” the Ahgundy guard called and then marched Seth back into prison. “Reactivate.” Seth was back inside.
“Couldn’t have been Heth’s work, he said it would be working tomorrow,” Clarence mumbled in speculation. He faced the security guard outside the prison forcefield.

“Look at that,” a Marine pointed as the entire Empire State Building withered into sparkles, collapsing to the ground. In moments, the human landmark was gone from Ciera, and everyone that had been inside ran from the spot some half naked.
“What the hell just happened?” an approaching MP asked.
“Gone,” the Marine turned to him in disbelief.
“Well, we should phone this into the sheriff’s department,” the MP suggested. He pulled up a communication hologram and got Kilr online.
“Hello human,” Kilr greeted him.
“The big building, the what do they call that?”
“The Empire State Building,” the Marine commented.
“Yeah that big building, just dissolved,” the MP informed Kilr.
“You are correct. It was removed at the owners request for safety reasons,” Kilr told them as the former lower down residents approached the two military men. “The people who lived in the lower levels will need to be housed in new facilities we will install on the spot as well as their possessions.” The hologram closed.

They all now stood in a place where everything was a brilliant orange color. The Tilmook whose skin was a natural orange blended in perfectly and they all appeared translucent.
Breathing the air in this place left a very sweet taste in their mouths and it also caused them great happiness.
Again, Tonatiuh seemed a bit more worried this time, even with the happy feeling. “What is it?” Demetreius laughed.
“I do not know,” Tonatiuh replied and then laughed with him. “I am sure though, that something will happen and when it does, we shall know,” and their laughter intensified.

In the mirrored universe on Earth late at night, Mohany had finished the hike atop Tahquitz or Lily rock as hikers knew it. He spotted the star overhead darting across the skies. “Dakush,” he smiled. This was the star that had long ago deposited the Cahuilla (ka.wee.yah) Indians on Earth.
Behind him was Isily as Mohany stood there, turned around and spied the bright lights of Palm Springs California, thousands of feet below.
“I have had increasing dreams and they are not going away. I suspect my dreams are something that is calling me. I know what you said, and now I want to know the truth,” Mohany demanded.
Chapter 19



Heth was at the prison facing Clarence behind the forcefield as the Ahgundy guard had left for the time being. “You are going to manufacture a simple item for me. It is called a screwdriver, a sort of calling card for the sheriff,” Clarence chuckled, turned to both Seth and now Angie standing behind him. “Right kids,” he laughed.
“Right pa,” Seth replied. “Now I see why you run things.”
“We could just leave,” Angie suggested.
“Nope,” Clarence replied. “You listen to your old man. That sheriff has been the bane of many problems and since we can go anywhere and anytime, before we leave, we shall send him a bunch of calling cards,” Clarence broadened his trademarked evil grin as conqueror.
“Your female has a valid point Mister Culligan,” Heth replied. “You can go anywhere of your choosing while the strangler is attached to the Tilmook.”
“Which reminds me. Can we take the captive with us?” Clarence asked.
“No,” Heth replied in a cold manner. “If that Tilmook is removed from Ciera, the system will cease to work. It is in their design.”
“Then the Tilmook provides us infinite transportation as long as it is here and secured?”
“That is correct,” Heth replied.
“And what if the Tilmook is discovered and what you have done, is undone?” Angie asked.
“Then the device in your elder will cease to work and wherever you are, you will become stranded.” Heth’s reply left a cold chill in them all.
Clarence realized this was possibly a very limited time. “Okay, tomorrow we begin things and secure our lives. Now Ahgundy, get me my screwdrivers—a lot of them.”
“Show me what this looks like as I do not have full access to the human database at the palace,” Heth replied.

Mohany waited at the cold rock that chilly night. However, Tahquitz never showed up. “Isily,” he called to the giant Cahuilla Coyote God friend he had known most of his life.
Isily sat there, ears perked up staring past Mohany. “Then someone or something is here,” Mohany’s grin broadened.
He could not see the outline of the very invisible Tecciztecatl, but the Aztec Moon God was there.
He studied the two of them and realized that the problem was not Mohany, but what was unfolding. Tecciztecatl took a deep breath and sighed.
Things were slowly coming undone and the universe that both he and Tonatiuh tried to restore from the past, had brand new issues. At some point, it would have to be dealt with, but what was the key?

Wyler was in his office as Mike strode in. “I left her uh, at yer place,” he informed the sheriff.
“Good,” Wyler replied. “Kilr should have an ID soon on those sandals. Seems each foot pattern for the Ahgundy’s varies slightly so they are always custom built for their pairs of feet.”
“Ah,” Mike replied. “Now I understand better.”
“How’s she doing?”
“Better, yah know, we have hard times and good times,” Mike shrugged.
“Be interesting how she adapts to your new home here,” Wyler replied and then reached for a paper and he couldn’t pick it up for a moment and then grasped it. Mike took notice as well.
“Yeah, I saw that,” Mike replied.
“Kilr,” Wyler called from his office and the communication portal opened. “Get me Awf on the line.”
A few moments went by and the portal changed to Awf. “Hello sheriff,” Awf pleasantly greeted him.
“Hello Awf. We have tried to communicate with the president and it seems he’s incomunicado.”
“Incommunicado, what does this human term mean?”
“Unavailable,” Wyler informed Awf.
“Oh, I see. Yes, Queebo contacted me and believes there may be an issue with the Tilmook systems, since the modifications to the president, run through the Tilmook system. It was the only way for him to take, as you humans call it, a vacation and remain active on Ciera at the same time.”
“You know,” Mike chimed in. “They say you can’t be in two places at once.”
“Is that a human expression?” Awf asked.
“Yeah,” Mike replied.
“We are not human, we are Ahgundy,” Awf reminded him.
“Well,” Mike rolled his eyes a moment and gestured as Wyler reclined in his chair and put his hand on his forehead with a slight momentary grimace. “Excuse fucking me, for not being one of yous guys,” Mike replied in a snarl of his famous foul-mouthed Bronx sarcasm.
“You are excused,” Awf calmly replied, clasped his hands together and made a slight bow gesture as Ahgundy’s often did to Mike.
“Okay,” Mike replied, “That’s better.”
“There is another problem developing and I am wondering if it is anything that has affected the Ahgundy,” Wyler broached the topic.
“And what is that sheriff?” Awf asked.
“People around the colony have been experience a loss of cohesion. They can touch items and for a moment, their hand might pass through a rock or something else. Has this been reported by any Ahgundy?” Wyler asked.
“I am aware of this as well sheriff,” Awf replied.
“You seem to be aware of a lot of fucking things,” Mike added and Wyler threw him with an evil eye.
“Yer butting in,” the sheriff scolded him.
“Yeah, yeah,” Mike waved it off. “I’ll be with Killa,” he turned and walked away.
“We must first learn what this is. I suspect that perhaps it has something to do with the modified Tilmook systems that Queebo adjusted. I am sure this can be fixed sheriff,” Awf quelled the moment.

Captain Wade had them in the conference room. “The list of complaints,” he asked Juana who handed him the documented events on a list that was several pages long.
He took it and read down the list as the other officers all watched what was happening. “Uh, huh,” he noted several and then placed the list on the table.
Then Captain Wade glanced up at the technicians. “People being like ghosts for a moment. They touch something and their hand passes through it. Gentleman, the Ahgundy systems…are they doing this?” Wade asked.
“No,” the first technician answered. “We talked with the Ahgundy and the systems are disabled and turned off. There is no power to them and what they consist of are natural to this planet so my answer would be no.”
“And you?” Wade turned to the second technician.
“The same as him,” he pointed at the first technician. “Nothing is active, at least not right now. But do consider captain, that in the recent past, when the Ahgundy modifications were active, we had no issues as what has been described.”

Tonatiuh, floated near a Tilmook when thoughts entered his mind from a distance. It was his closest friend Tecciztecatl. “Hello my old friend, I trust that Moorgo has provided you an incredible vacation.”
“Yes I have,” Moorgo replied to them both telepathically.
“I did not know you can hear us talk,” Tonatiuh turned to glimpse the Tilmook leader.
“I shall tune away from your private conversation,” Moorgo’s presence faded away.
“Now tell me of some of what you have seen,” Tecciztecatl inquired.
“I have seen where time started,” Tonatiuh proclaimed. “We held small stars on our fingers between universes.”
“Then you have gained great knowledge?” Tecciztecatl asked.
“Yes I have,” he replied. “But you contact me not for these things, rather because you feel something is wrong?”
“I can never fool you my old friend. We will always chase one another and be joined as we are, as one with the universes, including those we never see.”
“Tell me what it is that bothers you,” Tonatiuh pried further upon his instincts.
“I suspect something is unraveling what we repaired and I think it comes from your end at Ciera,” Tecciztecatl speculated. “I stand on top of the rock that is home to Tahquitz and yet he stays away, but the one called Mohany asks questions that are forbidden.”
“You cannot bring harm to him, for to do so would quickly undo what we brought. He must live and then pass from a natural death for the universes to be sealed forever. If you were to extinguish him, the world as you stand upon it now, and all of it there, would disappear.”
Tonatiuh’s warning foretold of things that didn’t sit well with his friend. “Then, you must find what on his end is causing this,” Tecciztecatl replied.
“And there lies our biggest problem. The Ciera Sun God had forbidden us to interfere in their system. If we do, then he can destroy us even in the new universe,” Tonatiuh informed his friend.
Chapter 20



The GeeLee satellite flew over the north pole of Ciera and as it did, more things began to occur and at an even, more accelerated rate than had occurred this previous day.
Wyler had wrapped up things and Mike exited through a teleportal and into their small new home where he greeted a waiting and calmed Shirley. “See honey,” he gestured.
“So did the sheriff find that bad guy?” she asked.
“No,” he replied as he took a seat at a table. “These things, ya know, they take time. I didn’t tame the entire Bronx in a day,” he bragged.
“You hardly tamed a thing mistah,” she chastised him.

Wyler parked the truck outside as Ileen opened the door and ran out in the early evening air to greet him with a big hug and a smile. “I love you,” she held him tight for a moment as they both entered the cabin.
“I know,” he grinned.
“So,” she took his coat as he sat down in his favorite armchair.
“So, not sure,” he seemed a bit confused. There are no easy answers yet somehow, I am of a feeling that Clarence Culligan is somehow tied into all of our problems.”

The Ahgundy prison guards had left and now nobody guarded the cell the Culligan’s resided in. This had been done on purpose.
Heth and two other Ahgundy’s dropped a sack inside the prison cell and there were a lot of stone handle flat screwdrivers in them that fell to the floor. “You will be free to use the Tilmook system shortly,” he informed his boss.
“Excellent,” Clarence smiled. Then he turned to Seth. “You follow Heth and the others to Boomtown with your sister and coordinate things. We are going to consider where to move our entire town,” he instructed Seth. “While your pa here,” he winked a moment at Angie, “leaves some personal calling cards for the sheriff. A sort of going away gift to remind em of old times, the way things used to be.”
They all burst out laughing as Clarence picked up a screwdriver and both Angie and Seth followed Heth and the two Ahgundy’s through the teleportal to the saloon in Boomtown where all of Clarence henchmen awaited.
Clarence held that glimmering new screwdriver up and admired it a moment as he told himself. “Gonna be like old times sheriff. Count on it!”
“One note Mister Culligan,” Heth turned to him a moment and it was dead serious. “There is still a chance that this could fail and the ramifications of an alien life form such as a human remain unknown.”
“I can feel it already working,” Clarence grinned of arrogance. “The Tilmook knowledge has already transferred into my mind. I will know how to use their system shortly.”
“True, however, if this should fail, you will lose not only the ability to use their systems, but will lose that complete knowledge as well and it could possibly damage you in other ways too. I shall now go as you have instructed,” Heth turned and opened the Ahgundy teleportal to Boomtown. 

“I am still waiting for you,” Mohany called. “I know you are here watching me. You wait, but for what, I do not understand.” Mohany turned and glanced down at Isily. “Is someone here?” Mohany asked the coyote.
Isily nodded and then stared past Mohany and glanced up slightly as Mohany turned and looked right at the very invisible Tecciztecatl. “So you are here? Why are you afraid of me, to talk to me?”
More moments drifted past and the air chilled even more. “Oh mighty Tahquitz,” Mohany stretched out his arms and waited as he had done in the past when calling the Cahuilla Deity. Again, there was no sign of Tahquitz anywhere.
Mohany’s patience was wearing thin as he sighed and stared at Isily. “I tried,” he sighed again. “But if they will not engage me, how am I too know what it is that calls me?” He took one last glance back as the Aztec Moon God realized Mohany’s frustrations. However, things were playing out on a much grander scale and not for the better.

Wyler slept in bed with Ileen and he began to dream of different times, long ago back on Earth when there was an Earth. Oh, the life at Mammoth Lakes California before all of the problems ever began.
There had been much to be grateful for, much that had been taken for granted, and many questions that never got answered that eluded the sheriff.
Wyler rolled over in bed as Clarence Culligan came to mind. “It’s all about climbing mountains,” he waved a finger at Wyler. “Have you really climbed a mountain sheriff or wished you had? Maybe it’s time to remember what failing to climb mountains is like. I enjoyed it the first time. Say hi to your lovely little one.”

“Something is irking you,” Demetreius told Tonatiuh and this gained Kaaswah’s attention.
The big rotund Godumbian glided closer to Tonatiuh. “What is it my friend that bothers you?
“An interruption,” Tonatiuh surmised as he grasped his chin a moment. “Something is gravely wrong and becoming worse.”
“I shall check Ciera,” Demetreius closed his eyes and was instantly back in his body on Ciera. The chambers were empty of traffic and he pulled up a holographic board and everything appeared fine.
Then he collapsed that board and as he disappeared, it reappeared and the numbers were actually in a loop. Same numbers constantly reading the same.
Demetreius had missed this in his haste as he returned to a distance. “What did you find?” Kaaswah asked.
“Nothing wrong with Ciera,” Demetreius glanced up at Tonatiuh.
“There is something wrong somewhere,” Tonatiuh mentioned and Moorgo approached and chimed in.
“The current Tilmook systems are fine and I believe the Ahgundy modifications are as well,” Moorgo tried to sooth the moment. “Perhaps Aztec, you are incorrect, after all, we are in a very different universe. Things here work completely different and you may be receiving a false reading.”
“No,” Tonatiuh glanced down at Moorgo in contempt. “Something is wrong and I feel it,” he closed his eyes and concentrated and from a great distance at a differing time and universe, Tecciztecatl glanced up in the morning sky.
“I sense you old friend. What has you concerned that you interrupt your pleasures?”
“I now sense something terribly wrong and growing worse,” Tonatiuh replied. “I am not sure,” he told his friend telepathically, “but it emanates either where you are or perhaps the Ciera system in the old universe. You were correct. I may leave and try to find out what it is, but something is wrong and grows worse by the moment.”
“Your female Sun Goddess chases me around the Earth, but I shall ask the Moon Goddess to take my place and then I shall go to the old universe to find what it is you may be sensing.”
“That is fine,” Tonatiuh replied. “Let me know what you locate.”
Then Tecciztecatl glanced down at the awakening town of Idyllwild nestled deep in the high San Jacinto Mountains of Southern California. “You may become much more important than you realize, Cahuillian.”

It was early morning on Ciera and the White Dwarf had already risen on the eastern horizon as the edge of the G3V star followed. Wyler had been up early and sitting at the table. He felt it. Something bad was coming—but what?
The rapists had simply vanished, and if he knew Clarence Culligan, some way, some how, the evil bastard was behind this, like everything else he had been behind in the past.
A Leopard never changes its spots, and that same analogy held very true for Clarence Culligan as well. Yeah, the man was incarcerated but for how long, or was he?

Seth, Angie and the other thugs were busy packing everything up into the structures. Boomtown was about to go boom, only to another place, perhaps a different universe or time.
Clarence had instructed them, but Heth being an Ahgundy wondered if the environment would be conducive to Ahgundy’s in general. After all, human’s lived on Earth yet an Ahgundy would disintegrate there after a very brief time. Outside of the Ciera system, this would hold true most other places.
Culligan had shown himself to reward loyalty however; he was also a very ruthless human. He could easily destroy an Ahgundy as fast as he would destroy a human.

Clarence held the screwdriver up and it had blood on it. He stood over the body of a deceased half naked raped female marine in her barracks when there came a knock at the door. He disappeared with screwdriver in hand.
The woman’s friend entered and screamed aloud at the handiwork rape killing by the renewed “Screwdriver Killer” as this evil menace of the past had come back, only on a different planet.

Clarence slashed her throat behind a cabin and then made for her pants as she was dying. He was just getting started.

Wyler was all dressed up, as the morning was moving forward. At the station, the teleportal opened and Mike exited to Tim. “Any action?” Mike added. “While this gorgeous hunk named me, was gone?”
“Uh no,” Kilr replied. “But, I may have a strong clue as to who the sandals belonged to.”
“Well, what the fuck are you waiting for? Ya know, spit it out,” Mike gestured as he approached the Ahgundy deputy at his desk. “And who prey tell, have you found these illustrious tracks belong to?”
“A known criminal Ahgundy named Heth. He is a former escapee and extremely dangerous as he is surrounded by other bad Ahgundy. I also located something else,” Kilr informed Mike as a new teleportal opened with the sheriff entering into the station.
“And what’s going down this morning?” Wyler asked as he approached them and Steve entered through a teleportal into the station. “Mike, are they secured?”
“Yes sheriff,” Mike replied. “Killa, took care of them before you arrived.”
“Good,” Wyler replied.
“Thanks to Awf’s assistance while you human’s were in stasis overnight on Ciera. Heth’s travels using the portal system indicate he not only was at the Odom Expanse as well as the Golay Desert, but also had several trips to the GeeLee home city, now destroyed.”
Suddenly, Kilr’s holographic monitoring panel popped up red and was blinking. “What’s that?” Deputy Steve asked.
“Sheriff,” Kilr glanced up at Wyler. He was panicked.
“Yes,” Wyler replied a bit startled. He sensed something was wrong and it most certainly was.
“Deputy Tammy’s life signs are shutting down,” Kilr informed them in the calm Ahgundy manner.
Wyler turned to Mike. Then he turned to Tim and Steve. “Kilr, send these two deputies with Ahgundy weapons to the cavern and alert Queebo, do it now.”
Kilr checked his information panel and there was no response. He checked it again as they all turned to him. “What’s wrong champ?” Mike asked.
“No reply from Queebo,” Kilr responded, “and Deputy Tammy’s life signs have terminated.”

Inside the cavern, Tammy was dead, another victim of the Screwdriver Killer and it was quite gruesome. There was blood everywhere, the floor, the walls, her lower intestine hanging from her body. Clarence made his way through a new teleportal and came at Ariella. “Now your ass is mine you Heeb bitch!”
She shoved him away and then he slashed her shoulder and drew back the screwdriver and went to stab her in the left neck when it went through her as if she were a ghost. The instrument slashed through her and he pulled it back surprised. “No, no,” he was clearly frustrated and she seemed to solidify again.
“God did this,” she broke out in a snicker. “You are evil and you will never kill someone who is of God,” she raged and then turned to the trotting blue Na’Neelah. “Destroy him,” Ariella demanded.
Clarence had Ariella backed against a wall and blood gushing from her left shoulder as some Na’Neelah chased him off. “God will get you,” she raged in tears, Clarence retreating through the new teleportal which closed behind him.
In the background, a screwdriver was sticking between Queebo’s deceased eyes.
Clarence left as fast as he had arrived, using the Tilmook teleportal system to breech that cavern. Though the deaths were piling up, it also proved that Sheriff Wyler Scott’s lawman instinct was spot on.
Chapter 21



“Well,” Wyler motioned Kilr.
“There is no answer,” Kilr replied and he seemed to be frustrated, something Ahgundy’s never displayed before.
A teleportal suddenly opened and Clarence rushed the sheriff with a screwdriver, stuck Wyler in the gut while the sheriff rolled him, drew the Dan Wesson and squeezed off a boom, the bullet disappearing into the teleportal where Culligan vanished.

Clarence was seriously injured as the teleportal opened in Wyler’s ranch cabin. The fireplace was cold and he limped forward, bleeding as he exited the main room and into the bedroom searching.
However, nobody was there. It was empty. “Noooooo!” he raged with the realization that his next victim somehow was gone. He concentrated and there was nothing.
Then he opened a new teleportal and retreated into it, his energy dropping every passing moment.

They rushed to the sheriff and Kilr ran to Wyler with a medical system. “Here,” Kilr applied a blue beam over the gut stab and it healed almost instantly.
“Track that son of a bitch and Kilr, get my deputies into the Na’Neelah cave. I want to know how Culligan just escaped,” Wyler demanded.
Kilr quickly got to his desk controls and tried to pull up the portal records, yet nothing appeared in them that were currently using the Ahgundy portals.

Clarence got to the steps of the saloon in Boomtown and his left leg was gushing blood all over the place.
“Daddy,” Angie ran to him.
“Don’t worry about it,” he told them as he struggled up the steps with Angie’s and finally an Ahgundy’s aid. “We’re leaving here.” Then Clarence turned to Seth. “I killed that sheriff,” he boasted before he squeezed off a round from that gun of his.”
“Human weapons are deactivated,” Heth commented as he approached Clarence.
“Not this one,” Clarence shot back. “Can you heal this before we leave?” he asked.
“Yes,” Heth got in close to him. He pulled a healing tool similar to what Kilr used and it worked right away mending the damage as Heth backed away and Clarence stood up.

“Awf, we need emergency access to the Na’Neelah caverns. The sheriff was just attacked and the portal doesn’t register in the system,” Kilr informed Awf.
“I need to contact the president to gain that entry. He is the only one that can assist us,” Awf replied.

Tonatiuh stood there in a green mist. “Concentrate,” Moorgo instructed from the top of a rock on a planet. It was mainly a green ground fog and it brought great pleasurable moments and was also a way to cleanse one’s soul so that they could see things more clearly.

Awf was in the chambers and talking to the non responsive body of the president, whose continual stare foretold of a bigger issue. “We need access into the Na’Neelah caverns to bypass Queebo’s system,” Awf requested and still no answer.

Demetreius was hearing some static and for a moment, thought he heard Awf’s voice as his system was now completely messed up. Kaaswah glided forward toward him. “Something is wrong?” Kaaswah asked.
“Yes, I think something is quite wrong,” Demetreius replied. “Are you able to contact your Godumbian’s?” he asked.
“I am not sure,” Kaaswah replied. “Moorgo,” he called and Moorgo materialized next to them. “I wish to contact my temple on Godumbia.”
Moorgo turned and a momentary flash occurred and then a communications hologram opened and it was to Oohoohmahswah. He turned from his alter in the temple to glimpse the leader. “You have contacted me—why?” he asked noting both Moorgo and Demetreius behind Kaaswah.
“I am having issues in the Ahgundy palace, yet your system is working,” Demetreius noted.
“That is because their technicians are on a very differing band than the Ahgundy setup and also because of how their communications services interact with the main Tilmook system,” Moorgo explained.
“Thee ambassador,” Kaaswah replied. He turned to Demetreius. “Who is next in line behind you should you have a problem with communications?”
“That would be Awf,” Demetreius responded.
“Have our ambassador contact Awf immediately, and then call back to this portal. We will be waiting,” Kaaswah instructed.
“Okay,” Oohoohmahswah replied turned and the hologram faded.

“Now for our destination,” Clarence asked Heth.
“Ahgundy have a limited time out of this system and only for select planets. The planet Atroff comes to thought,” Heth replied.
“Tell me about this place,” Clarence replied, some desperation in his tone and this was easily apparent to Heth.
“It is a distant world near a large red sun. The radiation levels are low enough to survive upon. The atmosphere is compatible with the human systems. However, Ahgundy cannot visit there for long as they would dissipate if they tried.”
“The weather?” Clarence asked.
“Mostly warm to hot and dry. The polar caps have the largest amount of water and there are no known human or alien form species that can directly threaten you. There is a creature you can survive on as a food source and scant plants some edible, some not,” Heth replied.
“Show me it, pull it up,” Clarence demanded and Heth pulled a holographic panel and the orange yellow mixed colors highlighted this world, the polar caps covered in a blue green ice.

Awf was clearly frustrated as a new communications panel opened and it was KaGooSwah, the Godumbian ambassador. “Hello my friend. I have been instructed to contact you because your leader is unable to communicate with you directly.”
“I am glad to hear your words,” Awf clasped his hands and bowed slightly as an Aide to Demetreius entered the chambers behind him and approached. “We must have portal access to bypass Queebo and the Tilmook system into the Na’Neelah caverns.”
“Okay, hold on,” KaGooSwah turned to Oohoohmahswah. “You heard?”
“Yes, I shall contact Kaaswah immediately. Please thank Awf and we will let him know the reply.”
KaaGooSwah turned back to Awf. “What is wrong?”
“The sheriff in the human colony has been attacked by another human and the Ahgundy Queebo in the Na’Neelah caverns has not replied to Kilr’s calls. Queebo’s system uses the Tilmook’s for all usages rather than Ahgundy systems. Without Demetreius assistance, we cannot portal into the caves.”

Ariella was sitting down, her back against the wall next to Tammy’s gruesome corpse, and she was crying her heart out as she bled. “Why God, why?” she asked aloud as the Na’Neelah’s gathered around her in the cavern vault.

“Kilr, we need entry into that cavern now,” Wyler ordered.
“Sheriff, I cannot breech that Tilmook shield into the cavern without a deeper level system from the Ciera core and the only one with that power is the president.”
Just then, a communications hologram opened and it was Captain Wade with Juana standing behind him in his quarters. “Captain,” Wyler asked politely.
“Yes sheriff, this is official business. I have just departed a staff meeting and numerous documented occurrences have been discussed with my crew. It seems reports are coming in of momentary dissolving with people.”
“We are aware of a few instances of this,” Wyler replied.
“And what have you found?” Wade asked.
Wyler turned to Kilr for a moment and then back to Wade. “It is being investigated as we have had a few civilian reports already. Not sure if it has to deal with this system. Until the Ahgundy president returns we won’t know fully,” Wyler replied, placing his hands at his sides.
“Sheriff, this is very serious,” Wade pressed the issue.
“Right now we have been attacked and are conducting several investigations,” Wyler informed Wade.
“What kind of attack? The Captain asked. “Surely not military?”
“Nope, strictly criminal at this point, but we are in the middle of things and this will have to wait until the Ahgundy President returns from his new vacation, as I have been informed.”
“Great,” Wade threw his hands up, rolled his eyes with a momentary sigh of angry disbelief.
“Look, captain we might need your help,” Wyler turned to Kilr.
“Yes sheriff,” Kilr asked.
“Can the battleship’s shells pierce or punch through the Tilmook shields in the cavern?” Wyler asked.
“Sheriff, those are disabled, right?” Wade replied.
“Kilr, contact Awf and see if he can get this overridden.” Then Wyler turned to Wade. “I’ll have an answer to that in about an hour or less. Meanwhile hold tight, I am aware of what is happening to the humans and our substance cohesion.”
“Okay sheriff,” but this is a grave threat if it cannot be stopped,” Wade replied. “I’ll await your call in one hour.” Then the communications hologram closed up.
“Talk about fucking bluffing,” Mike commented. Then they all turned to Kilr, as he seemed to be surprised at all of the eyes upon him.
Chapter 22



Clarence was angry. “I wanted to leave that sheriff a little surprise after the station,” Clarence mused.
“I like your style pa,” Seth grinned.
“Daddy,” Angie held Clarence shoulder. “This new planet,” she was curious.
“Okay, let us get this new portal opened. Heth, let’s get the town moved and all of the property we can carry away from here. Can the Ahgundy government reach us through their portals?”
“No,” Heth surprised Clarence much to his momentary delight that brought a slight grin of hope. “Only the Tilmook teleportals can reach there,” Heth added.
“Let’s do it now while we still can,” Clarence replied and they got on the ball. There was no time to be wasted.

Tecciztecatl arrived in spirit form only and at a great distance from the other universe. He walked into the Sheriff’s cabin estate and there was nobody there. However, he did take notice of the blood on the floor.
He stood up and glanced about, and then glanced up at the sky as he stepped out of the residence, and the large Godumbian Moon.
“Go there,” Tecciztecatl told his clone apparition. “Seek out Oohoohmahswah.”
He dissolved from where he was and appeared in the Godumbian temple, immune from the foggy poisonous atmosphere that would instantly kill both Ahgundy and humans alike.
Oohoohmahswah rotated around, just hovering there as the tall Aztec Moon God’s ghostly form approached. “We have been made aware of problems,” the Godumbian Spiritual Leader informed his friend.
“I know. I am here only in an extended spiritual form as instructed by the vacationing Aztec Sun God Tonatiuh. My old friend has sensed something very wrong that is occurring on the planet below.”
“We are aware of this as well. The Ahgundy president and our leader are trapped, it would seem, because they used the Tilmook system to transport. The Ahgundy president’s body is active below, but his soul is elsewhere and Kaaswah is physically present with the Tilmook.”
“The Tilmook system is broken then?” Tecciztecatl asked.
“That is what is suspected and even the Tilmook cannot return to Ciera below until it has been corrected,” Oohoohmahswah replied. “To repair it will require whatever is happening below.
“Then I have work to do. By using this form, I am not violating your sun god’s laws. This is my work around.”
“I understand,” Oohoohmahswah replied.

Boomtown was on an arid dirt landscape with a large red sun overhead. The temperatures were hot but not uncomfortably so and the dirt had a rusty tinge to it.
There was a teleportal opened and Clarence and the human help watched Heth through the teleportal. “To dangerous for us,” Heth informed Clarence.
“I understand,” Clarence replied. “Thanks for the knowledge of this world.” Then the teleportal closed up and Clarence turned to Seth.
“Well pa,” Seth inquired.
“We setup a base of operations. Water is in the ground and can be brought up. That is our first task at hand that we must accomplish. I have the list of the plants we will require here,” he further explained. So,” Clarence turned to the humans, “let’s get on it.”

Tecciztecatl’s ghost walked into the sheriff’s department right up to Wyler as the judge approached next to the deputies in the background. “The tall guy again,” Mike smiled.
“Sheriff,” Kilr drew their attention. “There had been a Tilmook energy spike in the vicinity of Boomtown,” he informed them. “I also ran a trace and believe this mister Culligan may have exited through a Tilmook portal. They are not easy to see as it takes a special trace, but that may have been what he is using.”
“How?” Judge Ramos asked.
“Exactly my question?” Wyler shot back.
“Are the ladies safe from this shit?” Mike asked.
No!” Kilr replied sternly. “If this human criminal wants them and knows where they are at, then he would have the ability to easily locate them.”
“Fucked,” Mike replied, turning to the sheriff.
“The Godumbian’s have been in contact with the Tilmook and the Ahgundy president and they cannot return here from what I was just told,” Tecciztecatl informed them all.
“Kilr, get Awf online now,” Wyler instructed.
“Gee sheriff,” Tim placed his hands on his sides. “You think there is a correlation between the people dissolving and this transport and a broken Tilmook system?”
“Makes it interesting,” Steve cut in.
“And at the center of it all, good old Culligan,” Wyler realized this somehow all tied in to the master criminal himself. “Mike, change of plans with Ahgundy weapons. Kilr is sending you and Steve to the two ladies. Tim and I will handle the caverns.
“I’m going with you too,” Judge Ramos informed Wyler. “No arrest cases yet so I’ll make myself useful with my military training another way.”
“And you want me here sheriff?” JC approached.
“Yes, I do,” Wyler replied.
Awf came online, standing within the presidential chambers. “Sheriff, attempts at contacting the president have failed,” he informed them all.
Wyler turned to Tecciztecatl. “I’ll just bet you can get in there,” he surmised as a new teleportal opened and Mike and Tim exited into the caverns at the top of the Tarameme Mountains.
“I can get in there and look, but I cannot physically change anything sheriff. I am merely a live projection of the real Moon God elsewhere,” he commented.
“Elsewhere?” Wyler asked.
“Like where do you mean elsewhere?” Ramos interrupted with curiosity.
“For now,” Tecciztecatl cautiously replied, “elsewhere. Anyhow I can only look at what is there.”
“The female named Ariella is located there still, because her life sign is still active though appears damaged,” Kilr informed them.
“Look sheriff…explain exactly what is happening or not happening,” Awf pressed the issue.
“Your president is not active. He is stuck with the Godumbian and Tilmook in another place, and cannot return. In addition, a human criminal used a Tilmook portal to attack us here as well as others within the colony. Somehow, it ties back to your guy in the Na’Neelah caves. We need a way in.”
“Without the president, there is no way to get past those shields, but you may have provided me a clue as you call it, sheriff. Human’s might not be compatible with the Tilmook systems. However, there is a way an Ahgundy can assume control over a Tilmook.”
“Care to explain this?” Wyler pressed the issue.
“Yes,” Awf replied casually as a second aide entered the chambers next to the first one while they stood listening.
“In human terms, specifically your variant called English, it translates to a word known as “Strangler,” Awf told them.
“That fits Culligan perfectly. How does this strangler work and where is it located? How can we disable it, if this turns out being the case?” Wyler pressed the issues.
“It is rather simple. Kilr can locate a strangler power source if it is on Ciera, and then you need to disable it,” Awf replied and they all turned to Kilr.
“Well?” Wyler asked.
“I am on it,” Kilr replied.
“This criminal that Kilr mentioned the Ahgundy one named Heth. I suspect that somehow he is tied into Culligan. I’ll bet if we find Heth, we find the device,” the sheriff deducted. He turned to Tecciztecatl. “Time for you to become an investigator and visit the caverns while we formulate a plan on how to locate a strangler.”
The Aztec Moon God’s ghostly figure disappeared.

Mike approached Shirley and Ileen Scott. “Honey,” he approached them with Deputy Steve not far behind. “You’re safe,” Mike went to hug her and Shirley pushed him away.
“Expect me to live in this, mistah,” she scolded him. “What do I look like to you, a fucking Flintstone?”
“It’s temporary,” Mike replied. “You know,” he jested, “uh yeah, you can play Wilma.”
“My husband?” Ileen walked to the young deputy.
“He sent us here with these Ahgundy weapons to protect you. Felt this was the safest place with a murderer loose in the colony.”
“Murderer,” Shirley chimed in.
“Yeah,” Mike shrugged again and rolled his eyes with a smirk. “Like home, the Bronx, you know,” he reminded her.
“The problem with him,” Shirley informed both Steve and Ileen who smirked slightly, “is he comes from a lowlife place like that while I am from Uppa Manhattan. Isn’t that right sweetie?” she reached out and squeezed Mike’s cheeks a moment.

Tecciztecatl rounded a cavern with many angry Na’Neelah who turned to attack but ran right through him as they parted and he approached an injured Ariella. “Let him pass,” she ordered and they all parted out of the way.
“The alien who runs this place?” Tecciztecatl asked.
“Dead,” Ariella replied as the Aztec Moon God bent down and studied her wounded shoulder. “Hold on a moment,” he knelt down by her and then glanced up over his shoulder.

It was nighttime on Earth and the Aztec Moon God stood atop a snow covered mountain and gazed at the stars. He placed his right arm out and proclaimed, “yes, here, heal her wounds now.”

In the cavern, the apparition reached out and touched her wounds and a spark of energy burst forth and onto her shoulder and it healed completely. “I cannot free you from here unless we can work the controls supplied by the aliens of this world,” he informed Ariella. “There is another human here, but their soul has departed. I cannot save them in this form. The sheriff said he is going to try and get you from here,” Tecciztecatl replied and Ariella stood up and walked to the cavern entry with him.
“When he is ready, God will release me from here,” she proclaimed. “There,” she pointed, “is the shield,” and she bent down to pickup a rock to toss at it and her hand went through the rock.
“Then Ariella played a hunch as Tecciztecatl watched with interest. She touched the very spot where the forcefield sealed the entry and her hand passed right through the barrier and she pushed through it and stood outside the cavern.
“God,” she pointed at the sun as the rest of the Na’Neelah’s all watched from inside the cavern.
Tecciztecatl walked out too, standing right up next to her. He stared up at the G3V star in the sky. “I do not see Tonatiuh there,” he commented.
“My God, not yours,” Ariella pointed again. “Thee God of all,” she pushed the religious narrative. “Go back to the sheriff and tell them to bring me home.”
Tecciztecatl materialized in the Sheriff’s department and no sooner had he done so when Kilr glanced up at Wyler, then opened the teleportal using the Ahgundy system and Ariella entered as solid as she ever was, grabbing onto Judge Ramos.
“How?” Wyler asked Kilr.
“I…I do not understand,” Kilr replied.
“I do,” Ariella smiled.
“It was GOD,” she informed them all.
“Thank you,” Wyler turned to Tecciztecatl who seemed gleeful to take credit for it until Ariella interrupted the moment.
“The GOD of all,” she reminded everyone. The teleportal closed behind her. “Queebo is dead as is Deputy Tammy, a sweet and loving girl. My body has been changing off and on and I was able to walk through the shields because I played a hunch just now. I do not know how long I will remain solid.”
“You getting this Awf?” Wyler called to him through the other open communication hologram.
“One issue at a time sheriff,” he replied. Then he waited as Kilr checked the records.
Chapter 23



They were in the cavern with the Tilmook secured when three teleportals opened up and Ahgundy security forces stormed them. The firefight with Ahgundy weapons slung back and forth, and then the human’s sandwiched them, and they picked off Heth and his few Ahgundy thugs—making their way to the Tilmook.
Awf approached with Wyler, Steve and Ramos from a teleportal. “Exactly what we thought and highly illegal on Ciera,” Awf informed the sheriff and the others.
“The strangler?” Wyler asked as they all closed in and the security force detained Heth and the Ahgundy’s.
“Yes,” Awf replied and held up a ring arched metallic device.
“A key to unlock it?” Ramos asked.
“Something to undo it and retain this as evidence. These were banned long ago in a treaty with the Tilmook and Ahgundy. There was a time when the Ahgundy used these to enslave the Tilmook abilities for personal usage. But we evolved past that point,” Awf informed them as he waved the instrument across the rounded section on the Tilmook.
The arms started rapidly opening up as the device powered down and a few Ahgundy removed it from the slumbering Tilmook.
“Is it dead?” Ramos asked.
“No, not at all. The Tilmook will soon awaken and their systems should return to normal,” Awf replied. “This shouldn’t, however, affect the human or anyone else’s solidity. That is a separate issue.”

The sun was quite large, a red giant as it sank below the horizon, and Clarence rested in the old saloon. He turned to the doorway and then concentrated and nothing happened at all.
The expression on his face as Angie approached him was priceless, denoting serious shock and horror as the realization developed that he could no longer create a teleportal, or even open communications to Heth and the others on Ciera.
“Daddy, what is it?” Angie asked.
“I don’t know,” Clarence seemed confused as the others gathered behind her.
“Pa,” Seth approached behind them all.
“I can no longer open a portal,” Clarence proclaimed and they all suddenly realized they were on a very distant barren world with very limited resources and no way to communicate with the Ahgundy’s. The days of free traveling were gone.

Moorgo stood by them, and then everything seemed to be working as Demetreius could see his aides in the main chambers. He concentrated from where they were and Awf turned to him through a communications hologram.
“We just arrested criminal Heth and other Ahgundy’s. They applied a strangler to a Tilmook and gave the abilities to the humans. Yours and the Tilmook system is working properly now, but there is a much larger problem that requires your immediate return…in fact all of yours,” Awf pushed the narrative.
“Okay,” Demetreius replied and then phased back to the others. He turned to Tonatiuh. “You were correct, there seems to be a problem on Ciera and we all,” he turned to Moorgo, “must return at once while we still can.”
Moorgo, opened a gigantic teleportal and they all entered through it in front of the Tilmook city.
Instantly Demetreius was restored to power and then installed back into his body. He opened a communication to the sheriff’s department. “Kilr, the Tilmook system at the Na’Neelah caverns is down. I am sending a detachment of Ahgundy’s there to treat Queebo. We should be able to revive him. Sheriff, I am sorry, but your human cannot be retrieved.”
“Ariella, go with Tim as they’ll need you to control the Na’Neelah there,” Wyler told her.
“Sheriff, I need to know about this issue with people disappearing temporarily. This would not have been caused by a strangler device,” Demetreius informed them as Captain Wade opened on a new portal.
“Well?” Captain Wade demanded.
“Kilr, tie the Captain’s portal into the one with the president,” Wyler instructed and they could all see each other in a multi-panel. “Captain, the president has returned and we just solved one issue and now they will get to the bottom of this issue too.”
“Mister President,” Wade started out. “People have temporarily become like ghosts and then reverted back.”
“We are aware and we should have an idea of what is causing it and then a course of action to correct this problem shortly,” Demetreius responded. “By the way sheriff, this other human criminal and his belongings with other humans were long-teleported to a very distant planet called Atroff. We were told this by the criminal Ahgundy Heth in what you call a plea bargain. He will be spared a painful death for a more peaceful one,” Demetreius grinned, “as shall the other Ahgundy’s.”
“Oh, that’s nice,” Judge Ramos casually commented.
Mike approached them. “Sheriff, the ladies are secured in your cabin for now.” Then the brash Bronx detective turned to the Ahgundy president in reference to Demetreius previous comments. “Naw, I’d make it hurt and fuck em as good as they deserve.”
“I like your style,” Demetreius grinned at Mike.
“I like yours too,” Mike replied. “You should play Pokah with the sheriff and the gang on the battleship,” he added.
“I’m not amused,” Wade was growing impatient.
“We shall have a solution shortly, oh and one other thing that Heth was not privy to. The star that Atroff orbits is about to change,” Demetreius replied, and then the portal monitors dissolved into thin air.
Tonatiuh materialized into the sheriff’s department. “Thank you my old friend. I am interested to hear what these Ahgundy are going to say.”
“If you’re this big fucking God, you should already know the answer,” Mike pushed the narrative.
“I already do,” Tonatiuh glared down at him, and pointed a moment at Tecciztecatl’s outline. “And I don’t like disobedient little people like you,” his tone escalated.
“Careful,” Mike smirked. “We’re the last humans.”
“Not necessarily,” the Aztec Sun God let an angry hint slip and that again piqued the sheriff’s interests.
“Care to explain it better?” Wyler pushed the narrative when a teleportal opened and in walked Lonato.
“Sheriff, where is Boomtown and my property?” he demanded. This immediately pulled Wyler and the others away from the current question and back to reality of the local law issues that faced them.
“Try another fucking planet,” Mike snickered. “That’s where you find your stuff.”
“Well, don’t just stand there sheriff. I expect the law to retrieve my personal belongings,” Lonato demanded.
“And just how should we get there to retrieve them?” Wyler folded his arms.
“That’s not my problem sheriff. You’re supposed to protect people’s property,” Lonato became a bit more irritated.
“Perhaps,” Kilr put his finger in the air. “The Ahgundy can remanufacture the human items which you claim were taken.”
“And,” Lonato folded his arms of impatience and began tapping his foot.
“Do you have an inventory of just what was stolen?” Mike asked. “I mean,” Mike smirked, “it’s a big fucking deal—right?”
“Would be if it were your property,” Lonato turned to him with a snarl. “Then again, you’re a cop and they aren’t particularly wealthy, are they?”
“You spoke your peace and as soon as you get Kilr a list, he will assist you on it. Any other business?” Wyler asked as he stood face to face with the Cahuilla Indian. The sheriff had put the tone in an aggressive manner and Lonato read it as just that.
He stared at Kilr a moment, then back to Wyler who pressed the narrative. “I asked you a question.”
“No, no, not at all,” Lonato took a step back toward an opening teleportal.
“Like I said,” Wyler informed him. “We’ll be in touch.”
Then Lonato turned and glanced back one last time, finally entering his teleportal and disappearing into it.

“Awf, take the technicians and scan the human’s who have experienced the incohesion of their bodies. Let me know what is discovered,” Demetreius ordered him and Awf closed the communications hologram.

Wyler yawned a moment as this day he was tired. A lot had happened and he had something else to attend to as they were all gathered except Kilr, at a burial site. Tammy was being laid to rest on Ahgundy soil.
Ileen was in tears and she hugged Wyler a moment. “He escaped, while he extinguished a beautiful young woman,” she cried more and Shirley clutched Mike’s arm.
“Ya should have saved her,” she whispered and they continued with reading the last of the eulogy while the military casket was lowered into the ground.
This funeral was being wrapped up as Captain Wade lowered a new colony flag made of Red, white and blue onto the casket.
He spoke the words of Tammy’s bravery and finally stepped back in mourning as the two soldiers began shoveling dirt onto the lowered casket.
“I find this fascinating to observe,” Awf commented. “It is a ceremony of great honor when a human turns off.”
“This one was off’d,” Mike sarcastically interjected and they began to disband from the funeral.
“Big difference,” Wyler commented. Then he fixed his Stetson and turned to Ileen.
“And look at this,” Shirley badgered Mike. “You let em get away. Some detective,” she smeared her husband as she typically did.
Mike turned to Wyler a moment. “Tell her,” he asked Wyler. “Tell her.”
Wyler paused a moment and turned to Shirley. “Miss Liebowitz. They didn’t get away at all,” he began to inform her.
“Are they in your jail?” Shirley asked.
“No,” Wyler replied.
“Than they got away. See, I was right,” she smiled a moment in arrogant bliss.
“No, it is far worse for them. They are in a terminal prison and soon may wish they were back here. They are so far away that the only way to transport them back here is by the Teleport system of the Tilmook. Since they attacked the Tilmook, they refused to retrieve these bad humans.”
“And what of the returning space fleet?” Shirley asked.
Captain Wade approached. “We discussed that strategy too, but they are to distant, it would take centuries to reach the star the planet orbits,” the Captain replied. “Sheriff, as soon as our friend here,” he noted Awf’s presence a moment, “has the information; we will be ready to act.”
“That is going to be very soon,” Awf commented.
“The sooner the better,” Captain Wade replied as the rest of the military stood ready for a gun salute to Tammy, before they were to depart altogether.
Then with the last fake shots fired in the air, they began dispersing completely through various teleportals and before Wyler and Ileen left, the sheriff turned to Awf. “We need those answers shortly.”
“I understand sheriff and you shall have them, Awf replied.
Wyler and Angie began walking away. “The tall Aztec God. Couldn’t they revive Tammy?”
“No,” Wyler replied. “They were adamant about it undoing something important.”
“Maybe we are not being told a great deal by them?” she questioned.
“I suspect that too, but until things are revealed in greater detail, we have to let them play out.”
“The very patient Sheriff Wyler Scott?” she hugged him tighter as they continued to walk away from the funeral.
Chapter 24



The Ahgundy technicians had returned to the main chambers. “President, you must change your scanners to these values,” one of the technicians informed Demetreius.
The Ahgundy leader made the changes from his desktop, a holographic panel of dials and sliders. Then he watched it and it was now clearly visible.
The discovery was quite unbelievable, but to have been expected by the very devilish GeeLee.
“Okay, let’s change its orbit and then destroy it,” Demetreius replied. “You have downloaded the data on this unit?”
“Yes,” a technician replied.
“You have performed well. As soon as I have destroyed this, we will inform the humans. Their time is extremely short. We must get them to a planet that has Tromiddium at its core.”
They had exited and Demetreius activated the lone weapon’s platform in space. The GeeLee satellite floated up over the north polar region of Ciera and the weapon’s platform closed quickly.
Then as it bore down upon its new assigned target in space, it suddenly opened two powerful streams from both stars, powered up, and finally shot a horizontal space blast of the hot diamonds at extreme space that blew through the GeeLee satellite causing it to burst into a brilliant blast.
Below, someone had informed Wyler what they saw and he rushed out the door of the station to glance up at the remaining cinders that were falling to the ground.
Steve ran outside to nab the sheriff and Tim. “Sheriff, Awf is on the line with Kilr. Said it is very important, you better come quickly. They also opened communications with that ship Captain, what’s his name?”
“Wade?” Wyler speculated in jest as both deputies followed Steve back inside the station.
“Sheriff, the president has discovered what is affecting humans. He has destroyed it in space,” Awf told them.
“I just saw the remnants of it,” Wyler replied.
“And some of the personnel have called in about the explosion in low orbit from an Ahgundy weapon system,” Wade commented.
“So what is it?” Wyler asked as Tonatiuh approached into the station with Tecciztecatl’s apparition in tow.
“Yeah what is it?” Wade also asked.
“The humans will have to leave here immediately. They are in very grave danger. The president is contacting the Tilmook for assistance since the destination planet is very far away,” Awf informed them.
“Close by the planet where the Culligan’s got deposited?” Wyler asked Awf.
“No sheriff. It is actually in the opposite direction but a little closer than their planet Atroff,” Awf replied.
“How soon do we have to be gone?” Wyler asked.
“The sooner the better sheriff. The Ahgundy cannot visit there because of their physical makeup. The president is sending a technician to explain what is happening to your department. Kilr will remain on Ciera with us,” Awf turned and stared at his fellow Ahgundy who appeared startled.
“Well,” Wyler turned to Wade. “Better get your people here too,” the sheriff told them as Judge Ramos approached behind the sheriff.
“We can use the large courtroom to have the meeting,” the Judge commented.
“That’s fine. I’ll have my staff there shortly,” Wade replied and his communications dissolved as Wyler turned to Mike.
“Get the ladies, have them gather what they will need to bring. We are going to have to leave quickly,” Wyler instructed Mike. Then he turned to the other deputies. “Gather your stuff together, Tim you work with Kilr and Steve you too and begin getting everyone together at a meet-up point once we have devised the Big Move.”

On Atroff, the Culligan’s had walked a distance as their water supply was dwindling. “Is it me,” Clarence asked Angie as they stared at the large red sun. “Or did this star become much brighter and hotter than when we arrived here?”
“No,” she became a bit unnerved. That sun was smaller and the color of it has intensified as has the temperature,” Angie replied. She grabbed onto her dad. “I love you,” she told the master criminal.
“I love you too,” Clarence patted her back as he clutched his little girl. “Not sure how we will get out of this one, but I have a very bad feeling I made a big mistake and climbed a mountain with no top.”

They were all gathered in the packed courtroom with two Ahgundy technicians on stage as Tonatiuh stood near Moorgo and watched with all the others.
There was a somber mood with underlying anxieties of what was going to be stated and why.
Judge Ramos took his seat behind the technicians who stood before his bench and he took the gavel for perhaps the last time on Ciera and banged it down. Then an Ahgundy Technician turned at him and he nodded, “proceed,” as the courtroom quieted down.
“We are waiting,” Captain Wade called from the front seats next to the sheriff.
“The humans must leave immediately. The Ahgundy president has identified the process which is dissolving the humans at a sub atomic level and it cannot be reversed on Ciera or this system. Because of the high gravity of the smaller star, it is accelerating.”
“What caused it?” Wyler asked.
“A GeeLee satellite purposely launched before they were destroyed was initiated with the intent to exterminate the human’s by the GeeLee Ahgundy. It was shielded as not to appear, and dimensionally shifted. Once discovered it was destroyed but the process for the human’s on Ciera is almost too late,” the first technician told them.
“How do we survive?” Wade called out.
“The Tilmook will assist with the human’s massive move to a distant planet,” Moorgo cut in on stage with the Ahgundy Techs.
“Why this planet?” Wyler asked.
“The planet has a core made of minerals that are not found in the Earth or Ciera systems. The substance is called Tromiddium and the northern part of the planet is a very cold world, however no colder than what you called Antarctica on Earth. You will be placed on the northern continent as the planet is separated by a large ocean,” the second technician explained.
“Good for sailing,” Captain Wade joked and got a few laughs.
“The southern continent is a fairly warm continent but is occupied by a society that are isolationists as human’s might refer to them. They have been contacted and as long as the human’s do not cross the equator, they will be tolerated.”
“And what’s the name of this place?” Mike called out from the front row seats.
“The planet translates in human words to Gautkolder,” the technicians replied.
“Fucking great,” Mike threw his arms up and his profanity drew stares as he added. “Ice world and a name like that. What else is next, surprise us,” he added sarcastically and Wyler waved a finger of caution at Mike.
“Yeah, yeah,” he murmured.
“See what yuh did mistah,” Shirley whispered.
“Captain Wade,” the first technician called out. “You will not be able to ride the big thing you ride in over the seas there as it will begin dissolving it rather quickly including mist. It will have to be kept far away from the seas or it will disintegrate. The ice and snow change enough to cause your transportation to remain as a solid, as long as it is kept inland.”
“What else?” Tim called to them.
“This is a gamble. There is no full way to know if this will heal the humans,” the second technician called to them, “and the Ahgundy cannot exist where you are going to. We can however manufacturer some supplies that will last there to try and assist you. The Tilmook can visit there for a very limited time.”
“I guess you’re our man,” Wyler told Moorgo as he glanced back over his shoulder at Tonatiuh who approached down the center aisle. “You have any Aztec ideas on this?” Wyler asked. “Something we ain’t heard yet?”
“Save the best for last human. This does not affect Aztec Gods,” Tonatiuh arrogantly replied.
Wyler looked back at the ghostly apparition of Tecciztecatl. “What about you?” Wyler asked and Tonatiuh turned a moment and glanced at the Aztec Moon God who stayed mum.
Wyler stood up. “Well it is clear,” he commented and faced Wade. “Won’t be anymore harsh than where I grew up in Mammoth California during the winter.” He turned his sights to Moorgo. “Any nice snow covered mountains there?” Wyler grinned a moment, and Ileen who was still seated tugged gently on his coat corner to gain his attention.
“Actually there are mountain ranges and what human’s refer to as Tundra. The water of the inland seas is habitable for the human body. The seawater is poisonous if too much is swallowed by humans. However, it will not hurt your skin, only things that contain metals,” the second technician further told them.
“Well,” Captain Wade stared at Moorgo. “Can you move our battleship and other craft through a big enough portal?”
“Yes, this will be done quickly, but you must leave now. The Ahgundy will have clothing that will protect you from the winds,” Moorgo replied.
“Is there any wood there?” Wyler asked.
“No there is not,” the first technician answered. “However, the Ahgundy can supply you with structures that are made of stone and ready to go. We will also supply you with a small power unit that utilizes the atmosphere to create atomic power for your facilities you assemble.”
Wyler turned to Wade with a hint. “The entire colony will require the battleship for housing till we get things assembled.”
Juana seemed a bit unnerved as to the sheriff’s audacity and Wade read her expression. He sighed a moment, closed his eyes and then turned to face the sheriff. “For the last of humanity, we will do what is necessary to survive.”
Wyler stood up and faced Tonatiuh. “Anything we should know that you have not told anyone as of yet, maybe hinted though?”
“It’s always a matter of timing,” he calmly told him, and Wyler could see the hesitancy in Tecciztecatl’s face.
“Yeah it is, isn’t it,” the sheriff replied. “Well gang,” he addressed the stage, “let us waste no time to get this Big Move going. Name of the planet again?”
“Fucking Got Colder,” Mike blurted out to some laughs as Shirley elbowed him.

Tecciztecatl concentrated on Earth. He was talking to Tonatiuh through distanced telepathy. “I am recalling my other while you watch this colony. I understand, but this may or may not work out,” he added with doubts.
“I know,” Tonatiuh replied from his mind as the courtroom was disbanding. Then Tecciztecatl’s apparition dissolved.
“Leaving so soon?” Wyler questioned, as he noted the presence that the Aztec Moon God had gone.
“No,” Tonatiuh grinned a moment. “I want to study your survival techniques.
“And the one’s back on Earth,” Wyler questioned and the Aztec Sun God momentarily smiled.
Chapter 25



The large hole was opened and the trucks, other vehicles drove through it as did the choppers flying over a snowfield with distant mountains, and finally the battleship slowly glided through it and the last of the vehicles went through too.
There was an eerie quiet to the colony now with the sole remaining truck being Wyler and Ileen together. They were the last of the human’s on Ciera, to never stand upon Ahgundy soil again as Demetreius materialized through a teleportal with Awf and Kilr by his sides. They approached the sheriff’s driver side window.
“Been interesting sheriff,” Demetreius told him. “All supplies to build a new colony on Gautkolder have been sent and await your arrival at the supplied coordinates.”
“Too bad we couldn’t have the sunny half of the planet,” Wyler replied. “Kilr,” Wyler called and Demetreius nodded as Kilr approached the window. “Here,” Wyler handed him his golden sheriff’s badge. “You more than earned it.”
The Ahgundy deputy took the shiny badge and glanced down at it as the Ahgundy dual suns reflected off the metal, and then the Godumbian Ambassador glided forward to the truck on Ileen’s side.
“We will miss the colony,” he told them as Ileen turned to him a moment.
“Sheriff, you must go through now. This is an enormous power drain on the planet that the Tilmook’s are tapping for the long distance teleportal this size, plus your anatomy is disintegrating as we speak,” Demetreius informed them.
“One last question that puzzles me Mister President,” Wyler stared at Demetreius.
“Yes,” Demetreius sighed.
“The name for this planet, Gautkolder, how did you get that name?” Wyler asked and Ileen smirked.
“Well,” Demetreius demeanor changed to one of superior jubilance. “Humans have several alphabets on Earth or had them. The Ahgundy’s have one alphabet and it has over 1.4 billion characters in it.”
“And you remember all of those characters?” Ileen cut in.
Queebo materialized and approached behind the president. “Yes, why yes we do,” Demetreius boasted clasping his hands together as if in some sort of victory. “The actual name for the planet you are going to is almost seven hundred and fifty three characters, many of which do not exist in your languages. We had a meeting and assigned names you could understand.”
“I see,” Wyler replied. “We got colder,” he drew a grin.
“Good, now you should leave for your own safety before you become dust,” Demetreius suggested.
“Thanks,” Wyler waved and they drove forward through the hole as they rolled their windows up and the warm temps of Ciera gave way to frigid temps while the teleportal closed behind them.
“Well,” Ileen broke a feeble smile.
“We follow all of that to our new home and learn to live like Eskimos,” Wyler surmised.
“Eskimos do get a summer,” Ileen shot back. “I wonder if we do as well?”

Mohany was outside midday and clearing brush near their Idyllwild California cabin. Isily was resting under a pine tree watching his friend and the skies were a deep blue.
The snows had melted and the mid summer breeze up here gently blew through the rustling pine needles of the conifer, imitating the sounds of the beach.
“Lunch honey,” Sky called out to him, and he rested a bit. Suddenly, his mind went blank and he saw darkness and campfire as his long deceased father a Cahuilla Pu`ul named Black Claw approached from the opposite side of the fire.
“Those more powerful before us cannot hurt me here. Your old friend awaits,” Black Claw informed Mohany and then it faded as fast as it had come and Mohany shook his head and noticed that Isily was sitting up, ears perked staring at him.
“That was no dream,” Mohany commented and Isily broke into a slight pant.

The red sun had grown larger and things were really heating up on Atroff as they sat in the saloon, all of them drunk of Lonato’s stolen firewater. There absolutely was no way off this world without the teleportals and it would be only a short time before the swelling red giant would erase the Culligan’s and Atroff from existence!

The End of Ciera ll - The Evaluations



Enjoy the wild times and stories in this action packed American modern day western series. www.wylerscott.com
Wyler Scott may have retired on Earth, but the universe was split by the Aztec rewind. What about the original Wyler Scott on Ciera and Mohany’s future.





And the continuing mini-series on Mohany Rodriguez the Cahuilla Series.



CalHouse Trilogy


CalHouse I - Leonis Manor
CalHouse II - Fort Sacramento
CalHouse III - The Island



Other Sebar Stories
$$$Amount Due$$$
$$$More Amounts Due$$$
Captura
CALLAHAN
L.A. Business
Micro Fights
Moon Racists
Red Man, White Land
Skyway Arizona
SOL
Stupid Cougar Laws
Stupid Speed Laws
The Interracial Couples
The San Gabriel Years
The SOL Chronicles
Thunder Dead
Titan One
Turbadia
Venus Plains 88








Poems
Biter’s Fighting Poems
California Grudge Poems Volume 1
Ear Candy
L.A. Grudge Poems Volume 1
L.A. Grudge Poems Volume 2

