COLONIES OF KOBOL
VOLUME ONE: FOUNDATION
By Edward T. Yeatts III

Published by Edward T. Yeatts III at Smashwords.  Copyright 2022 Edward T. Yeatts III.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Visit ety3rd.com for more books and information.

Other books by Edward T. Yeatts III:
Lords of Kobol – Book One: Apotheosis
Lords of Kobol – Book Two: Descent
Lords of Kobol – Book Three: The Final Exodus
Lords of Kobol – Prelude: Of Gods and Titans

Colonies of Kobol – Volume Two: Evolution
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Three: Revolution

Displaced
Diary of a Second Life
8 Days
The Art of Death

Sexcalation
The Red Kick

Want to contact me?
Email: ety3rd@ety3rd.com
Twitter: @ety3rd
Facebook: Facebook.com/ety3rd
Instagram: @ety3rd
Tumblr: ety3rd.tumblr.com
Blog: ety3rd.blogspot.com

Tipjar: https://paypal.me/ety3rd

TABLE OF CONTENTS

AUTHOR'S NOTE
PREFACE

BOOK ONE: EARTH
MAP
I – PYTHIA
II – CAVIL
III – PERAEANS
IV – CAVIL
V – TIGH
VI – THE MESSENGERS
VII – LIAGAM
VIII – CAVIL
IX – THE MESSENGERS
X – RICHARD
XI – TYROL
XII – ANDERS
XIII – RICHARD
XIV – TIGH
XV – LIAGAM
XVI – FOSTER
XVII – ANDERS
XVIII – TYROL
XIX – RICHARD
XX – TIGH
XXI – PYTHIA
XXII – TYROL
XXIII – FOSTER
XXIV – RICHARD
XXV – TIGH
XXVI – CAVIL
XXVII – ANDERS
XXVIII – ABARRON
XXIX – RICHARD
XXX – TIGH
XXXI – TYROL
XXXII – RICHARD
XXXIII – FOSTER
XXXIV – TIGH
XXXV – ABARRON
XXXVI – ANDERS
XXXVII – RICHARD
XXXVIII – TIGH
XXXIX – TYROL
XL – FOSTER
XLI – RICHARD
XLII – ABARRON
XLIII – ANDERS
XLIV – THE MESSENGERS
XLV – RICHARD
XLVI – TIGH
XLVII – CYLONS
XLVIII – ABARRON
XLIX – THE FINAL FIVE
L – RICHARD
LI – THE MESSENGERS
LII – THREE

BOOK TWO: GEMENON
MAPS
I – ACASTUS
II – GIDEON
III – DOMOSI
IV – GIDEON
V – DRACO
VI – GIDEON
VII – DOMOSI
VIII – DRACO
IX – GIDEON
X – DOMOSI
XI – DRACO
XII – GIDEON
XIII – DOMOSI
XIV – DRACO
XV – GIDEON
XVI – MACE
XVII – SINAS
XVIII – DRACO
XIX – MACE
XX – SINAS
XXI – DRACO
XXII – MACE
XXIII – SINAS
XXIV – DRACO
XXV – MACE
XXVI – SINAS
XXVII – DRACO
XXVIII – MACE
XXIX – RAND

BOOK THREE: LEONIS
MAPS
I – NISOLOS
II – DUGILIOS
III – SILARA
IV – LERCAVON
V – LUCAS
VI – DUGIOLIOS
VII – SILARA
VIII – LERCAVON
IX – DUGILIOS
X – SILARA
XI – LERCAVON
XII – DUGILIOS
XIII – SILARA
XIV – LERCAVON
XV – LUCAS
XVI – KAESO
XVII – CELCHYTH
XVIII – KAESO
XIX – GUNNOR
XX – KAESO
XXI – CELCHYTH
XXII – GUNNOR
XXIII – CELCHYTH
XXIV – KAESO
XXV – GUNNOR
XXVI – CELCHYTH
XXVII – KAESO
XXVIII – GUNNOR
XXIX – CELCHYTH
XXX – KAESO
XXXI – VIRGANS
XXXII – LEONANS
XXXIII – GUNNOR
XXXIV – ELE
XXXV – KAESO
XXXVI – GUNNOR
XXXVII – ELE
XXXVIII – KAESO
XXXIX – ELE
XL – THE OTHERS

IN VOLUME TWO: EVOLUTION
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS & CONTACTS
OTHER BOOKS BY EDWARD T. YEATTS III
AUTHOR'S NOTE

Naturally, I highly recommend viewing the entirety of the 2003-2009 series Battlestar Galactica before reading this.  Its prequel series, Caprica, and other associated films (Razor, The Plan, and Blood & Chrome) are also highly recommended.
If you have not yet read Lords of Kobol – Book One, Two, Three, and Prelude, I strongly urge you to stop now and go download them.  Like this novel, they are free.
You may do so HERE.
Colonies of Kobol is a sequel series to Lords of Kobol, and largely a prequel series to Battlestar Galactica and Caprica.  

Thank you.
PREFACE: REGARDING THE TIMELINE …

To alleviate confusion, let us look through time to pinpoint the major events in Colonial and Kobollian history.

About five thousand, six hundred years before the Final Exodus, the Lords of Kobol descend Mount Olympus to assume godhood over humanity.
About two thousand years before the Final Exodus, the Thirteenth Tribe – later revealed to be organic Cylons – depart Kobol for Earth.
About one thousand six hundred years before the Final Exodus, the oracle Pythia writes her famed contributions to the Sacred Scrolls.
The Final Exodus occurs when a portion of mankind flees the revolution of Cylons and the Blaze on Kobol, leaving behind the gods who guided them for more than five millennia.  
At about the same time as the Final Exodus, a Cylon revolution on Earth eliminates all but five members of the Thirteenth Tribe.
About two thousand years after the Final Exodus, mankind's one-time servants return decades after the Cylon War and the Twelve Colonies of Kobol are destroyed.  A ragtag fleet led by the Battlestar Galactica flees in search of Earth.
About four years after the destruction of the Colonies of Kobol, a planet populated by prehistoric humans is named "Earth" and settled by survivors of the Galactica, the rebel Cylon Basestar, and the ragtag fleet.



I
IOLE
Unknown Years Before Activation

"It didn't take as long to get to Earth as Lord Apollo said it would."  She crossed her legs and grinned.  "Still, fourteen months was a long time."
Iole Auroratous straightened a crease along the side of her dress and continued.
"Twenty-five ships made it.  We lost one in the Magadon Star Cluster."  She looked down and spoke more softly.  "But thirty thousand people were able to walk free.  On Earth."
"How was it in the beginning?"
Iole inhaled and rolled her eyes upward as she thought.  "There was excitement, of course.  We landed all of our ships in one place, on a coast.  Some of the ships were immediately dismantled to build permanent shelters.  One became the framework for the first temple."
"For Aurora."
She smiled.  "Yes."  Iole closed her eyes tightly.  Her throat clenched as she remembered her adoptive mother.  "She was our guiding light."
"Aurora's drive and spirit were inspirational."  Iole nodded.  "What about the weeks and months that followed?"
Iole nodded as if she understood where the interview was leading.  "It was kind of fun at first.  We got together and talked about plans.  Big plans for cities and such.  We designed flags and symbols.  We were called 'snakes' on Kobol, you know, …"
"Right."
"… so we embraced it.  There was the old story of Ophiucus and Asclepius.  We liked the idea of a serpent bearer so we took that."  Her voice trailed off.  She looked to one side, into the darkness, and her eyes lost focus.  "We had supplies.  We had … a lot of algae left from our stopover.  It lasted for some time.  Getting farms going was difficult, though.  The weather wouldn't cooperate.  The soil wasn't … ideal."  She licked her lips.  "After a while, the camp broke apart.  A few took supplies and moved in one direction.  Others took supplies and moved in another."  Iole shook her head.  "I was left standing there, alone.  Not alone, really.  But you know what I mean."
"Yes."
"It was harder than I thought it would be.  I tried to keep them all together, but I knew …"  She made a fist and pressed it against the top of her leg, "All of those people together with frayed nerves, trouble would follow.  So I didn't fight them when they wanted to leave."
"What's the last news you heard?  Did you find out if they were doing well?"
Iole winced a little and tilted her head.  "People came back to the city to trade and to visit.  For a while.  One group was nearly wiped out by some kind of illness.  Another went north or west … they ended up doing well."  She moved a bit of her hair to one side.  "The last I heard, things seemed to be on the upswing.  Then I died."
"Are you upset with the Lords of Kobol?"
She blinked for a second and thought.  "I'm sorry.  What?"
"The Lords of Kobol."
"Right."  Iole shook her head.  "No.  The gods are the gods.  They have their ways and they've been that way for millennia.  I will always be grateful to Lord Apollo and to Aurora, of course.  Because of them, we got another chance.  It's the people that I'm upset with."
"Why?"
"They lived with the gods and had their favor."  She shrugged, "Why couldn't they accept us?  Were we that different and scary?"
"How long do you think it would have taken humanity to accept you?"
"I don't know.  Years?"
"Years more than you already spent on Kobol?"  The voice paused and asked, "Would it take … centuries more?"
She laughed.  "I would certainly hope not."
"What if they were given another chance?  Or a series of chances throughout time?  Could humans accept you and your people?"
"If they couldn't accept us after too many years or too many opportunities, I would think there was something fundamentally flawed with them."
"Indeed."
"Besides," she shifted in her seat, "we are just like them.  We are real people with real lives.  I fought for that for so long."
"We know you did."
"I didn't care what happened to me in the end.  I only wanted what was best for the Megarans.  We had to get off Kobol."  Iole raised her chin proudly.  "I know some of the gods didn't want us to leave, and I'm sorry about that.  But we did leave.  We left with some of the gods' help.  But we did it."
"On the algae planet, you were delayed, yes?"
"Right.  We named it Oasis."  Iole nodded and leaned forward as she tried to recall.  "There were ship breakdowns.  Almost inexplicable ones until an engineer discovered it was sabotage.  Turns out, there was a group of people building a temple in the hills, away from the algae coasts.  They were sabotaging ships so they would have more time to build it."
"Did you see this temple?"
She cocked her head to the side and squinted.  "It was carved into a mountain.  I didn't go in.  There were … several priests involved.  A few people from the Tribe, too.  They were punished."  She raised her hand and waved it a little.  "Not severely, though.  But they stayed in their own little group after that.  Even after we got to Earth."
"It was for the god whose name cannot be spoken."
"That's what they said.  Whatever that means."
There was a long pause.  She looked down at her limp hand and turned her head side to side, as if she was trying to focus on something that wasn't quite there.
"You were one of the original twelve types of artificial beings."
"Yes."
"Did you ever think that you and your people might be Cylons?"
Iole smirked.  "The thought occurred to me a few times.  We could certainly be used like them."  Her face sagged and became harsh.  "We were certainly treated like them."
"Did you not want to be reborn once you got to Earth?"
She shook her head.  "I had already lived for a very long time.  Bringing download equipment to Earth was impractical for everyone so we only brought enough supplies for a few.  I chose not to be one of them.  It might have been nice, though."
"What's that?"
"Seeing what happened to the Thirteenth Tribe."  Iole closed her eyes and nodded.  "To see the shape of things to come."
"What do you hope happened after you died?"
"I hope they grew.  I hope they covered the land and became strong.  I hope … I hope that they worked together and," she smiled as she remembered something, "lived happily ever after."
II
CAVIL
14 Years Before the Holocaust

Ambassador Sebastian Cavil walked through the tight corridor.  Almost two meters tall, he instinctively ducked his head under the lamps that hung from the ceiling.  Far ahead, on either side of a set of double doors, he saw one enemy soldier glance at another and mutter something.
He looked quickly to the officer on his left. "You have the packages, lieutenant?"
"Yes, sir."
At more than eighty years old, the ambassador had a long career behind him.  For most of the last thirty, he had helped maintain the peace between Erigeneia and Peraea.  Not even "Quiet Cavil" could hold back the tide of war forever.
"Gentlemen."
The two Peraean soldiers nodded, still gripping their automatic rifles tightly.
"I believe I have business inside."
One of the young men said through a thick accent, "Yes, ambassador.  I must wait for the command to allow you in."
Sebastian said, "I understand." 
He clasped his hands behind his back and shuffled away for a moment.  His head lowered and he looked up, seeing the Erigeneian lieutenant about ten meters away, down the corridor.  Cavil looked back at the door and noted that the two Peraean grunts hadn't moved.
"Have you at least informed the minister that I've arrived?"
One soldier nodded.  "He knows."
"Right."  The ambassador stood still and stared at the closed door.  He blinked slowly and pursed his lips, forcing his exhalations to slightly ruffle his silver mustache.  In his periphery, he saw the two soldiers begin to fidget, but he ignored them.  He watched the long lashes of his eyelids snag on the wild hairs that hung low from his eyebrows.  
From within the room, there came a muffled, "Bring him in."
The soldiers each grabbed a handle and pushed the door inside.  Cavil raised his head and saw a man at a desk on the far end of the low-ceilinged room and a long conference table at the center.  Two attachés were already seated there.
"Ambassador Cavil."  The man stood from his desk, walked along the perimeter of the room, and extended his hand long before he reached the doorway.
"War Minister Liagam," Sebastian responded.  He strode inside and thrust his hand forward, too.
The much shorter man accepted the ambassador's grip and shook.  With his other hand, he raised a single finger and waved it side to side.  "No longer 'war minister.'  My commander general has changed the title to 'defense minister.'"
"I see."
Liagam smiled and motioned toward the table.  "A signal, perhaps, that things are ready for change."
"I would hope so."  Cavil placed his hand on the high, black headrest of one chair and pulled back, letting it roll on the carpet.  He sat down, slid forward, and rested his elbows on the glass tabletop.  "Shall we begin?"
Liagam looked toward the still-open door and said, "Have you no attendants, ambassador?"
"I do not.  There is a lieutenant in the hallway with additional information, should I require it."
The minister nodded and motioned toward the soldiers at the entrance.  They stepped outside and pulled the doors shut.
Liagam laid his palms flat on the table and spoke with a loud, forceful voice.  "For six years, the Sabaoth has kept Erigen forces out of the Holy City.  For six years, you have tried to retake it and you have failed.  You have, instead, invaded other parts of Peraea to salve your wounded egos."  One side of Cavil's mouth turned upward into a smile.  "Have I amused you in some way, ambassador?"
"Yes, minister.  It is always interesting to hear someone else's perspective."
Liagam sniffed and said, "Do you find our perspective … incorrect?"
"Well," Sebastian tilted his head, "not 'incorrect' so much as 'incomplete.'"
"By all means, ambassador.  Complete it."
Cavil flattened the front of his closed jacket and said, "Six years ago, in violation of the Founders Agreement, you forced Erigeneia and other nations out of Cleitus, the … 'Holy City.'"
The minister interrupted, "You do not understand, …"
"Sir, please."  Sebastian raised his substantial hand and said, "You may correct me point-by-point later, but for now, allow me to complete our perspective."
He glanced down at his brown shirt and adjusted a copper medal.  "Very well."
"Do you not agree that Cleitus is important to all nations on Earth?"  Liagam inhaled slowly and didn't speak.  "As the landing site of the Thirteenth Tribe of Kobol?"  The minister was still silent and Cavil smiled, "Of course it is."
"It is."
"Thank you." 
"But the Founders Agreement …"
"I know, minister."  The ambassador leaned forward and said, "It is old and you wish to have changes made to it.  Let us table that element for now."
"Very well."
Cavil moved down to the next item on his mental list.  "Peraea took Cleitus and held it, in part, with the aid of Cylon armies.  This is, of course, in violation of the Rhodon Convention."
"Our parliament declared the Rhodon Convention to be null and void."
"That would be convenient for you, were it not wholly out of order."  The minister began to speak but Sebastian moved on.  "Peraea also invaded the nations of Midia, Malekan, and Rabban.  The atrocities committed in Midia led to our rather severe military response."
"The Midians are dogs.  They received better than they deserved."
Cavil regulated his breathing and was still for a moment.  Pictures of tortured children and gassed families flashed in his mind.  "The targeting of civilians and the use of chemical weapons also violated the Rhodon Convention."
"Our parliament …"
"And it violated simple human decency."  The ambassador's voice had gotten louder than he intended.
Liagam smiled a little and said, "I see that perhaps 'Quiet Cavil' has a heart, after all."
Sebastian's nostrils flared.  "I always have."
"In the Sabaoth, that is a weakness."
"I am not surprised."  He clasped his hands and interwove his fingers.  "Word has reached us of more atrocities being committed in other nations Peraea controls and within Cleitus itself.  We have surveillance of Peraean forces massed near the borders of two other sovereign nations and images of Cylon infantry moving toward Erigen holdings in the north."
The defense minister shook his head.  "I cannot confirm the location of our armed forces."
"I'm not asking you to.  We know where they are."
Liagam folded his arms and caused two medals to clink together.  "Is this why you're here?  To beg us not to invade you?  Or your weak allies?"
"Yes."
The short man blinked and leaned forward.  "I'm sorry.  I believe I misheard you."
Cavil didn't move or react except to say, "Yes.  I am begging you not to invade."
Laughter rounded the table.  The minister looked at his attachés and they lowered their heads meekly.  Instead of admonishing them, Liagam began to laugh, too.  "Mr. Cavil.  You are always a surprising man.  But this.  Today, you have outdone yourself."
The chuckles continued and the ambassador softly asked, "Have you heard of Dissers?"
Liagam blinked as the others kept laughing.  "Say again?"
"Dissers."
"Oh, yes.  Your … DSRS."
Sebastian nodded and straightened in his chair.  "The Department of Special Research and Sciences."
"Of course, I have heard of them."  The joviality of the Peraeans ended.  The ambassador had gone silent.  "Why do you ask?"
He took a few moments to let quiet fill the room.  Then, he said, "The information I have is classified, but … I am free to tell you that we have developed a weapon."  The last word didn't actually echo in the wide room, but Cavil gave it time to do so, nonetheless.  "A very serious and deadly weapon."
Liagam bit the inside of his cheek.  He raised a hand from the table and rolled his fingers.  "What kind of weapon?"
The ambassador was silent and he blinked slowly.  He cleared his throat and leaned back in the chair.  "It is something new.  An REFB."
"A what?"
"Radiation-encased fission bomb."
The minister blinked rapidly and glanced toward his men.  Neither one's expression showed any kind of recognition.  "A radiation bomb?"
"Yes.  A specialized atomic weapon."  Cavil saw that Liagam's breathing had quickened.  "Launched by missile or land vehicle.  Dropped by high-altitude planes.  Either way, once the device reaches a certain altitude over your cities, it will detonate."  The minister's eyes widened.  "Radiation will flood the air and kill everyone within two to four kilometers."  One of the attachés mumbled something in his native tongue.  "The force of the blast should be small enough that most buildings themselves won't be damaged, but that would be small consolation, I'm sure."
Liagam ground his teeth.  "This is a ruse."
Sebastian shook his head slowly.  "No.  It's not."
One adjunct turned toward the ambassador and said, angrily, "It is an Erigen trick.  They have no weapon."  She looked at her superior, "They would not use such a weapon even if it existed."
"Yes."  The minster placed his palms on the tabletop and said, "This is not the Erigen way."
"Erigeneia has been forced to change our ways," Cavil pointed at Liagam, "thanks to you.  Your Sabaoth army has violated the agreements that kept conflict civilized.  You have invaded our friends.  You have laid claim to Cleitus, the city that is home to us all."  The minister rose in his seat and opened his mouth to speak.  Sebastian kept going, "So Dissers has worked hard to think of new ways to fight you.  To fight your Cylons.  We have developed many, many weapons, but," he shrugged, "it was felt that the REFB would make a far greater statement at a lesser cost to our side."
"You would kill thousands and thousands of innocents …"
Cavil interrupted, "As you have."
Liagam became flustered and grunted.  "Innocent people!"  He stretched his neck and continued to shout, "That you would only kill to make the war easier on you?!"
Sebastian said, "That is not how I would put it, but yes."
The minister fell back in his chair and he softly asked, "Why?"
The ambassador was still again.  Formulating his words before his lips parted.  Finally, "Quiet Cavil" said, "In the last century, Peraea has instigated open conflict with Erigeneia on six separate occasions.  Nine additional occasions when it comes to other neighboring countries.  We take no solace or comfort in visiting this horror upon you," one of the attachés barked an expletive but Cavil ignored it, "but the president has been in touch with the leaders of other nations.  Including Midia.  Including the exiled ruler of Rabban."
"Whom you have hidden in your country."
The ambassador nodded.  "The point is, we spoke to many world leaders.  All of them felt that this was an acceptable decision."  Cavil leaned onto the table with his elbows and folded his hands under his chin.  "They all said that Peraea needed to be taught a lesson."
The minister shouted and screamed.  One of the attachés pushed away from the table and stomped toward the far wall.  Sebastian merely blinked.  He slowly moved his index fingers up and onto his lips.  He watched the military leader as he processed and reacted to the news.  He will try bargaining soon.
After more than a minute, Liagam scooted his chair up to the table and became quiet.  His face was blank and, finally, he said, "If we verify that you have this weapon, would you accept a withdrawal of our forces from certain territories?"
"Perhaps."  Cavil straightened.  "The Sabaoth would leave Rabban?  Malekan?"
"Yes."
"Midia?"
Liagam's mouth wriggled and his face was sour.  "Perhaps.  Yes."
The ambassador lowered his voice.  "Cleitus?"
Sharply, the minister inhaled.  "This I cannot promise."
Sebastian nodded.  "I know."
A fist pounded the table and Cavil looked up to see one of the attachés grumbling toward Liagam.  Then, he turned to face the ambassador.  "Erigen dogs.  You have denied our rightful governance of the Holy City!"
"Elyon bestowed the land to us," the female general interrupted, "it is our right to take it!"
"So you have said."  Sebastian fought the urge to roll his eyes, "For ages." 
"Lord God blessed our people with plenty from the beginning, the Five Prophets be praised."
"Praise," the other adjunct said.
Liagam slapped the table and continued, "From the mouth of Lord God to mankind, we obey.  His finger brushes the land and he says, 'This is yours.'  So we take."
The ambassador chose not to respond.
"We lived in peace with you for many years.  Centuries.  We tell you of Elyon and his commandments," the minister shrugged, "and you did not listen.  You still believe in your Pantheon."  He crossed his arms.  "Are you a believer in Zeus and the others?"
Cavil blinked.  "I was raised in the faith.  I'm not an adherent, no."
Liagam nodded.  "Your people believe in the false gods of your Pantheon and engage in sinful decadence foul to Elyon's eyes.  It is their choice and between your people and Elyon."  He rapped his knuckles on the tabletop, "But now you would kill our women and children for obeying the will of our God?"
"I'd rather not."  
The minister leaned forward.  "You made it sound as though the use of your weapon was as set as cement?"
Cavil said, "One week from today, if we have not seen withdrawals from the three nations we've discussed, as well as the city of Cleitus, the weapon will be used on three predetermined targets."
Liagam's eyes widened.  "You've already chosen targets?"
"Yes.  If you will, please call my lieutenant in."
One of the attachés pushed a button on the table.  A solider opened the door and the adjunct spoke to him.
"By putting names and faces on your fates, perhaps your generals will be more inclined to act."
The Erigen lieutenant entered and snapped to attention.  He glanced toward the ambassador and strode to his side.  "Sir."
"The yellow one, please."
He reached inside his uniform jacket and removed a small paper envelope.  He handed it to the ambassador who then held it up.
"I am begging you to not invade any other territories.  Promise me, minister, that you will make an impassioned plea for your nation's withdrawal from the territories you have invaded."
Liagam stared at the envelope.
"Promise me that, should you fail to make the case, you will begin evacuations as soon as possible."
Quietly, the minister said, "I will.  I do."
Cavil placed the envelope on the table and slid it toward the opposite end.  The three Peraean officers stared at it.
"Two are coastal cities.  Primarily military and industrial targets."  Sebastian stood slowly and towered over the conference room.  "The third is more … populous."
Liagam snapped the envelope from the table and tore open one end.  He removed the slip of paper within and his eyes raked across the handwritten words.
"The deadline is midday, Shomra time.  Eight days from now."
Cavil and the lieutenant walked out of the room and back down the long hallway.  The minister's doors shut behind them and there was a quickly muffled cry.
"If I may ask, sir," the lieutenant said, "who determined the targets?"
"I did."  The young officer's eyebrows raised and the ambassador nodded.  "After some research on the minister's family and the families of the Sabaoth chief of staff … the choices were obvious."
The lieutenant reached the exit door first and held it open.  A large contingent of Peraean guards formed a gauntlet to the small airship a hundred meters away.  He lowered his voice and asked, "Will it work?"
Cavil was quiet while he walked most of the way to the vehicle.  Its rotors began to spin and he said, "I hope so."
III
PERAEANS
14 Years Before the Holocaust

It had been one week.
The captain looked across the park at the regiments of his soldiers, assembled in their combat gear and waiting.  He lowered the binoculars and looked toward the sky.  
"Anything, sir?"  His lieutenant looked up from her reports.
He shook his head.  "The skies are clear."  He looked at his watch.  Here in Phaesala, they were one hour behind Shomra, the capital.  It would be midday there in three minutes.
The lieutenant stood.  "Shall we go outside and greet our troops?"
The captain pinched the brim of his hat between his thumb and forefingers, slapped it into his armpit, and said, "Let's go."
The elevator ride down was silent.  Both officers stared at their feet.  The elevator doors opened into the expansive lobby and several soldiers at computers and communications stations stood up, snapping to attention.  The captain saluted and strode through them toward the front doors.
Outside the occupied office building, the park at the center of the city stretched for a few hundred meters.  Three thousand soldiers stood at attention among the bushes and benches, and across the grass.
"Attention!" a sergeant yelled.  The troops turned and clapped their hands against the butts of their rifles. 
The captain walked between the companies.  He stopped at the center of the park and, again, looked toward the sky.
The silence was unnerving.  
The naval port had been closed days ago.  The admiralty was long gone.  The civilians who had been willing to leave everything behind were shepherded out of the city for six full days once it was clear that the commander general would not acquiesce to Erigeneia's demands.  Today, the few thousand residents who remained knew the risks and accepted them.
"It's time."  The lieutenant cleared her throat after she spoke.  She drew herself up and gripped her hands behind her back.  Like almost everyone in the park around her, her eyes were cast skyward and scanning for any motion.
The captain's skin tingled.  His stomach twisted.  Nerves.  He had felt it before.  Usually on the eve of a major battle.  Once on the morning of his wedding day.  Time moved along and he found himself needing to remember to breathe.
"Maybe the colonel was right."
The captain glanced toward her without making eye contact.  Two days ago, his commanding officer ordered him and his units to remain in Phaesala.  "In case it's a trick," she had said.  "In case, once we leave, they decide to roll in and take an empty city."
"There!"
The men to his right were pointing at the sky and screaming.  The captain followed their fingers and saw it, too.  A silver shape, thousands of meters aloft, streaking out from behind high clouds.  Twin vapor trails fell behind it but no sound blanketed the city.
The captain opened his mouth.  He wanted to tell his people to stand their ground.  He wanted to shout a prayer to Lord God.  Instead, he froze.
There was a flash.
The light filled the sky above the buildings, above the city.  Everyone in the park turned away and covered their faces.  Screams came from the far side of the assemblage and then heat, painful heat, washed over the captain.  His skin itched with warmth and he felt as though his entire body was pressed against a hot stove.
The screaming faded but not because it stopped.  It became diffused as the airblast rolled over the slope of the open field.  The glass windows of nearby office buildings shattered and began to fall.  Before the captain could turn toward the new sounds, he found himself on the ground and sliding into a pile of his men.  The world beneath him rumbled and he looked toward the flash.  The sky was washed out and white.  The thousands of men and women under his command were lying on the ground.  
He stood and staggered back toward his original position.  Somehow, his lieutenant hadn't been blown from where she stood.  She straightened and wiped blood from her ears.  She looked to her commanding officer and spoke, but the captain couldn't hear her.  He reached up and felt his lobes and he touched wetness.  He retracted his hand and saw blood, too.
Soon, the dull din of the world came into focus and he could finally hear some words and detail.  "Help!"  "My God!"  "Medic!"  His people needed him.  He grabbed the lieutenant by her elbow and pulled her into the regiments on the north side of the park.  The side nearer the blast.  
The hundreds around him were sitting up and cradling their heads.  Some had removed bandages from their personal kits and were wiping their ears.  Dozens of them had shards of glass and splinters of metal and wood in their torsos or arms.  
He broke into a slight jog and found himself surrounded by soldiers rolling in the grass.  Their skin was blistered and they were bleeding from their ears, eyes, and noses.  Some bled from their mouths.  More of them seemed to be hurt by debris.  The captain knelt by one sergeant and held his arm.  The lieutenant, though, tapped the captain's shoulder and pointed toward the edge of the park.
There the two officers found hundreds more soldiers.  They were still on the ground and slumped against their packs with a few of them propped up and facing their dooms.  The airblast had blown some of them into contorted shapes with their limbs akimbo.  Most of them were still breathing, but it was labored and quickened.  Their skin, though, was red and beginning to slough away. 
The captain grew dizzy and fell to his knees.  He thought he was overcome with emotion at seeing his troops this way, but then he vomited.  As he wiped his mouth, he turned to face his lieutenant and saw that she, too, was reeling on the ground.  
If I can just rest for a moment …  He lay back on the grass and stared up into the sky that had once been so vibrant and blue.

The lieutenant looked through his binoculars at the city center.  Modin was largely deserted but the tall spires of commerce still gleamed in the midday sun.  
His colonel had ordered him and his soldiers to remain in the city, lest the Erigen army move in and lay claim to it.  The lieutenant agreed, but he moved his people to the city's outskirts.  "If the rumors of their weapon are true, I will not sacrifice my men."
"Now."  The sergeant lowered his arm and resumed looking out the window and into the open sky.
The lieutenant put the binoculars against his eyes again.  He saw no movement along the avenues nearest him.  He saw no military airships hovering low to the ground.  He saw no one at all.
"Stand by to move in," he said.  "I don't see anything yet, but …"
"Yes, sir."
Almost one million people lived in Modin just a week ago.  In just six days, more than eight hundred thousand had been evacuated.  The operations were twenty-six-hour-long affairs, all day and night.  The roads were choked until just yesterday.  People screamed and yelled.  Tent cities were erected two kilometers behind their present position.  Setting those up had been a week-long chore, too.
Now, in the silence of waiting, the lieutenant breathed easy.
"The tension is heavy," the sergeant said.
The lieutenant mumbled, "But it's quiet."
"It is."  The sergeant looked toward the city streets again with his lenses.  "I prefer the noise."
As the lieutenant looked away from the window toward his watch, a flash illuminated the outside world.
The sergeant fell away from the window and dropped his binoculars to the floor.  He pressed his palms into his eye sockets and began to groan.
The lieutenant winced and saw the point of light diminish behind a large office building.  It was faint, but he saw a visible circle radiate outward from the city center and ripple across the tall faces of several buildings.  Then, the house they were in shook.  The noise lasted for many long seconds and the decay finally faded until the pain of the sergeant was audible again.  The ground began to quake and the officer looked through his binoculars again.  
Glass fell like sharp rain and bricks were pulverized into a whirlwind of dust.  Five tall structures were listing, split and yawning toward the high sun.  A sixth and seventh crumbled and fell toward the main boulevard.  The gleaming gold dome of the city's government center was ripped away and the tarnished covering hung like a husk alongside marble.
A medic entered the room and tended to the sergeant.  The lieutenant stood and looked at his comms officer.  She removed her headset and said, "No signal."
"Very well."  He looked out the window again and saw that another building was starting to fall.  "Get some runners.  Send them to the company commanders and tell them … it wasn't a trick."  Of course, by now, they would already know that.  "Maintain position and await further orders."
"Yes, sir."  She saluted and ran out.
The lieutenant put his hand on the sergeant's shoulder and said, "I am sorry, my friend.  If it's any consolation, I believe the war will be over soon."

"For Phaesala!"  The crowd cheered.  "For Gerasa!"  They cheered again.  "For Modin!"  The Sabaoth's roar became even louder.
It had been two days since the Erigen weapons had been deployed and rumors abounded that the Peraean commander general was preparing to surrender.
The major flipped the safety off.  He held the automatic rifle close to his chest and looked toward his captains.  "Our generals may be cowardly, but we are not!"
"No, sir!"
He looked around the corner of the building and tried to see along the straight road that led from the center of the city, Memnon, toward the borders where the Erigen forces lay in wait, ready to reclaim their territory.
"I haven't seen anything, major," a captain said as she lowered her binoculars.
"No matter."  He pointed at his tech captain and said, "Call them."
"Yes, sir."  He held his left forearm up and flipped open a small screen.  He tapped a few buttons and then they waited. 
From far behind them, they heard the noise.  Metal upon metal, echoing and reverberating through the bombed-out shells of buildings.  Loose debris fell from the walls and piles nearby.  Soon, the first line of Cylon soldiers emerged from the hill behind them.  They jogged and ran in paths dodging through the detritus-strewn streets.
"Go, my machines!" the major yelled.  The soldiers around him cheered, too.
Seven hundred units noisily moved through what remained of Memnon.  The major gripped his rifle more tightly and his eyes lit from one Cylon weapon to the next as they moved.
"Fall in, Sabaoth!  Move with them!"
The troops screamed and jogged in time with their fellow robotic soldiers.  When the major saw the last of the machine contingent clear the crest of the hill in the city, he moved out from behind his cover and ran alongside them, too.
He looked at the unit nearest him.  Its metal was dull gray with black accents.  The back of its head was covered in a long, sloping frill, studded with rivets.  Its two eyes glowed alternately as it scanned the way ahead.  He had seen these machines in action for nearly six years.  They dealt far more punishment than they ever received.  That is why the weak Erigen banned them in the Rhodon Convention, he thought.
The army hadn't left Memnon when a single smoke trail leapt up from over the horizon.  The major nearly stopped running but he continued.  His eyes followed the white, billowy line as it climbed higher and higher.  It arced east and seemed to be going far above.  Whatever weapon it was, it was soaring far behind them.
"Keep moving!" the major said as he saw his men become distracted by the errant rocket.  Their focus returned and they kept time with the Cylons.
Just seconds later, a flash of light behind them cast long shadows ahead.  The major turned to see the quickly dimming point in the sky above Memnon, and as he did, he ran into the shoulder of a deactivated machine soldier.
Stunned, he backed away and watched the Cylon slump and then crash to the ground.  He held his rifle limp by his side and slowly turned toward the other units.  One tilted face first into the dirt.  Another's arm twitched and then stilled.  There was a loud click and it seemed to settle on its haunches.
The major had long gotten comfort from the constant thrumming of the Cylons' red eyes.  Many a night in the thick forests of northern Peraea and eastern Erigeneia, he had felt cold and alone.  But if he was surrounded by his machine men, he felt safe.
Now, their eyes were empty and dead.
IV
CAVIL
14 Years Before the Holocaust

They stood in the warm breeze.  The sun shone down on the assembled thousands and the tall buildings of Cleitus gleamed brightly in the light.  Flags of several nations fluttered and the dais remained empty.
"Are they changing something?" General Kostas murmured.
Ambassador Sebastian Cavil shook his head.  "Doubtful.  I would have been called."
Kostas looked down and then turned toward the taller, older man.  "Since it's done, maybe you can tell me."
"Hmm?"
"I heard rumors that Peraea would have to publicly renounce the Divine Directive."
"No.  Just rumors."
"Shame."  Kostas sighed.  "Believing that 'God' gave them this land is half the problem."
The ambassador didn't respond.  He looked to the opposite side of the grandstand and saw most of the Sabaoth War Council.  Several members of the Perean cabinet were there, too.  He didn't see Defense Minister Liagam.
"I heard there won't be much in the way of reparations."
"That's true."
"Wait, it is?"  Kostas' concern was interrupted by the sight of several generals and diplomats emerging from the tents in the city center.  They took their seats on the dais quickly and quietly.  The crowd hushed and flags snapping in the wind above their heads became the loudest sound.
Without introduction or fanfare, Allied Flag General Elmora Benjamin stepped to the podium and began to speak into the microphone.
"Today is a good day."  She paused and slowly scanned the crowd.  "Today is the first day of our future.  Our future.  I stress that word because I want everyone to understand it.  We will move forward together."
Cavil glanced toward the soldiers.  The ambassador knew many in the military wouldn't like the details of the treaty.  That was immaterial.  
"Cities and towns and countrysides across Peraea have been devastated.  Of course, so have parts of Erigeneia, Midia, Malekan, and Rabban.  The Allies and Peraea – together – will rebuild them all.  Equipment is on the way as I speak to begin the physical process of healing.  Devastated offices, homes, parks, infrastructure … they will all be restored with the newest Cylons Erigeneia can offer."
Kostas groaned.  Cavil ignored him this time.
"Medical care will be withheld from no one, regardless of which nation they call home.  Food will be distributed.  Clothing." Benjamin made a fist and slowly set it on the edge of the podium.  "When the rebuilding is done, people on both sides will be able to call each other 'friend.'"
There was scattered, polite applause.  None of the Sabaoth War Council seemed to stir.  The same could be said of the Allied generals.
"Cleitus will, for the first time in centuries, belong to no nation."
"What?"  Kostas' voice was barely audible, but he quickly looked to either side to see if anyone heard him.
"The city of our forefathers will be governed by a council of representatives from all nations.  Never again will one nation lay claim to it."
The crowd's applause was more enthusiastic at that line.  Cavil looked across the park and watched the expressions of people he believed to be Perean.  Cleitan.  Erigen.  All seemed tired.  Only a few seemed hopeful.
"Unreal," Kostas said.  The ceremony was over and the treaty had been signed.  "No punishment?  At all?"
The ambassador looked away from the awkward handshakes being shared among the various generals.  "None."
"Why?"
Sebastian looked at the general steadily and smirked, "Think on it, Max.  How many wars has Peraea been involved with over the past two or three centuries?"  His eyebrows arched and he looked away as he thought.  "Every single time they lost, Erigeneia or whoever put harsh restrictions on them.  Made them send monthly payments to their victim nations, right?"
"Exactly.  That's the way it should be."
"No."  Cavil shook his head.  "That fosters anger.  Thoughts of revenge.  Feelings of resentment to the people they have to send money and goods to.  This way, we can head it all off.  We'll help them pay for the rebuilding of their cities.  Something we never did before.  They'll look at us, when it's all over, as … friends.  Like she said."
"That's a stretch."
"Maybe."  Cavil was quiet for a moment.  "At the very least, they won't think of us as the enemy.  Kinda hard to want to shoot the guy who just helped put a roof on your home."
Kostas looked away and shook his head.  A moment later, he turned back and said, "How much of this is repayment for what happened in Modin?"
Sebastian tilted his head and nodded slowly.  The REFB devices dropped in Gerasa and Phaesala worked exactly as planned.  The detonations caused some damage, but not too much.  People too near were killed, but the cities themselves were largely intact.  In Modin, however, the device's altimeter failed and it exploded too close to the ground.  The city center was nearly destroyed in the blast.
"Other cities were more damaged by traditional bombing, but, yes."  The ambassador's voice became lower.  "A fission bomb goes wrong and half of Modin gets blown away, it's only natural to feel bad about that.  It made my job of selling no reparations to the Allied Council that much easier."
Kostas nodded.  "It was your idea then."
"It was.  I've seen too many conflicts – bloody conflicts.  They ended the same way and, sure enough, months or years later, they started again."  His usually genial face became a scowl and Cavil said, "I wanted to break the cycle.  I wanted to try something new."
V
TIGH
14 Years Before the Holocaust

Saul looked across the crowded ballroom and scanned the faces of everyone he saw.  He recognized them all but he didn't see the one he wanted.
Great, red swaths of fabric hung above the tall windows.  Chandeliers threw golden light onto the wooden floor.  Dozens danced to the music from the orchestra while the rest sat at tables talking or loitered by the bartender sipping their drinks.
"Saul!"
He turned and saw her glowing face.
Ellen Cavil bounded across the floor and her blonde hair swayed from one side to the other.  When she reached him, she leapt up into his arms.  Saul laughed and feigned fatigue.  "I'm too old for that!"
"Bull."  She put her feet on the floor again and kissed him, hard, on the lips.  "I knew you'd make it."
"I thought the brass would never shut up."  He glanced toward the bar and wondered at the options.  "Want a drink?"
"You know I don't."
"I can get you a soda or something."
"I'm fine."  She took his hand and dragged him across the floor to a table that sat nearly empty.  "What did they say?"
"You know the military."  The chair he pulled out from the table screeched on the wood.  "They want all the data we had on every project we were working on."  He looked around at the people nearby and decided to lean in closer.  "They want me to thin the herd and keep researching some projects."
"What?"  Ellen scrunched up her face and shook her head.  "The war's over."
"Yeah, but the generals don't think it'll last."
"Hey, boss."  Saul turned and saw Galen Tyrol.  He had his hand on the back of a metal chair.  "Anyone sitting here?"
"No, go ahead and take it."
"May we sit?"  Tyrol was pulling a woman closer to him.  A woman Saul didn't know.
"Sure."  Tigh straightened and wiped the edges of his mouth.  He glanced toward the bar again.
"This is Dr. Tory Foster," Tyrol said.  
She was young and pretty with dark hair and skin.  Her smile was bright and she quickly thrust her hand out.  "Mr. Tigh, it's a pleasure."
"Tory works in biologicals."  Tyrol held her shoulder and said, "Some of the first aid techniques she developed made it to the battlefield."
"Right, biological."  Tigh smiled and shook her hand.  "Good work.  Good work."
Ellen leaned on the table and raised her voice to be heard above the music.  "I'm surprised you're not one of the guests of honor, Galen."
"Why's that?"  He sipped a drink and looked from side to side.
"Your rockets.  Didn't one get used for the REFBs?"
He shook his head and shrugged.  "Just one.  The other two were dropped by planes."
"Still," Tigh said, "good job."
Ellen took Saul's hand and squeezed it tightly.  He smiled at her and saw Galen and Tory speaking softly to each other.
"Ask him."
Tyrol rolled his eyes and said, "Sir?"  Tigh raised his eyebrows.  "We know you had a meeting with the brass tonight … did they say what the future of Dissers is?"
Saul shook his head.  "I can't say.  Not yet, anyway."
Galen accepted it and leaned away from the table.  Foster, though, leaned forward and asked in a hushed voice, "Should we start looking for a new job?"
Saul said, "Not right away."
That seemed to satisfy them.  They sat in their seats normally and held each other's hands.  Cavil pulled Tigh toward her and she said, "That's enough business tonight, Mr. Director."
He grinned and leaned in for a quick kiss.  "This is a party, right?"
Her face brightened again and she said, loudly, "Right!  It's a victory celebration!" She stood and tugged on Tigh's arm.  "Let's dance!"
He winced and turned his head aside.  "I'm not the dancing type, you know that."
"Saul."  She pulled again and looked at him plaintively.  He looked into her eyes and saw her mouth curl on one end.  He chuckled.  "It's a slow dance."
"I can't say no to you."
She laughed.  "I know."
He stood slowly and groaned as he did.  Tigh shook his head and mumbled, "Let's go."
Ellen led him to the open dance floor and quickly spun to face him when she found sufficient space.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and he put his around her waist.  She cocked her head and looked into his eyes.  The warm light filtered through the thinning brown hair on his head and she saw him scanning the people around him.
"Saul."  She put a finger on his cheek and turned his face toward hers.  "Look at me."
He complied.  He blinked slowly and bit the inside of his cheek.  "Sorry.  I got distracted."
She nodded.  They stared at each other for a few moments as they swayed side to side.  Finally, she stood up on her toes and kissed him lightly on the lips.  "I love you."
For the first time this evening, Saul smiled broadly.  He inhaled deeply and threw his shoulders back, as though they had just been unburdened.  "I love you."
The song came to an end and a faster-paced one began.  Ellen and Saul drifted toward the bar and he pointed toward a bottle of whisky.  "You want anything?"
She almost sighed as she bobbed her head to the music.  "No."
"Come on," Tigh said.  The bartender set a glass of translucent brown liquid down and he immediately brought it to his lips.  "'It's a victory celebration!'" he said, mockingly.
She smirked and looked at the bartender's selection.  "Alright.  Red wine, please."  While the man poured it into a glass, loud, cackling laughter grabbed their attention.  They looked to the barstools at the opposite end where a woman from the accounting department drunkenly fawned over her date.  Her hair was mussed, her gestures were sloppy, and her words were slurred.
She straightened up and waved her hand at the bartender.  "Never mind."
Saul asked, "What's the matter?"
Ellen shook her head, whipped it away from the couple, and back toward the band.  "I can't stand that.  Vacuous women."
Tigh chuckled and spoke in a deep grumble.  "Here we go."
She leaned toward him and spoke loudly to be heard over the music, "It's bad enough to be dumb, but to be dumb and drunk …"
"Right," Saul said.  "'It's better to be thought an idiot than to open your mouth and be proven one.'"
Ellen raised an eyebrow.  "I've said this before?"
"It's been awhile."  Tigh drank his whisky.  "But I remember."
"I've worked too hard to give even the appearance of brainlessness."
"Oh," Saul chuckled again and said, "you are not brainless.  For certain."
Somewhat embarrassed, she looked toward the bartender, "I'm sorry.  Can I just get a soda?"  He handed it to her as the song ended and scattered applause erupted near the stage.  
Someone jumped onto the platform and hoisted a guitar.  He leaned down and yelled into the microphone, "Where my comms people at?"
Ellen laughed and pushed Saul's shoulder.  "He's crazy.  Have you met him?"
The man pulled a strap over his head and began to strum.  "Yeah," Tigh said.  "Anders is a showoff."
Cavil nodded and said, "But he's good at what he does.  He created the interface for RAVs."
Tigh took another sip of his whisky.  "Doesn't mean I have to like him."
Sam continued to play and he leaned into the microphone, singing the lyrics to a pop song.  Dancing continued on the floor, but a small group of people gathered at the foot of the stage to clap and watch Anders play.
Ellen held her clear soda and sipped through a straw.  She smiled and watched Sam for a moment before turning and looking around the ballroom.  "I'm going to miss these people."
Saul put his arm around her.  "The war's over, but our work isn't.  Not yet."
VI
THE MESSENGERS
14 Years Before the Holocaust

"He has no clue."
The being turned away from Saul Tigh and drifted through the crowds.  Though her guise was usually female, it took no form now that it had arrived on Earth.
Hades stood at one table, staring at the two people who sat there.  The tender looked at his companion and said, "These as well."
The messenger came to a stop and said, "The tree of free will created by these people is small.  But God will still harvest it."  Her companion ignored her religious labels.  "I see potential ways to lead them from this world."
"As do I."
The beings looked toward the ceiling and saw echoes of a future to come.  They saw choices upon choices building toward a great calamity.  Through the tall fires, only a few paths stretched into the stars.
"We cannot save many thousands," the first tender said.  "Not this time."
"I see it."  The image of Hades faded away and the messenger moved toward the orchestra.  "But with the few who escape here, we can save all."
"Their paths are thin and frail.  Any contingencies we create will teeter near failure.  There will be little room for error."  The female seemed despondent.  "The cycle seems doomed to repeat for eternity.  Were the eons closer together, I might even feel dizzied by the motion."
"It will repeat until humanity gets it right."  The male looked toward the companion and said, "What happened to your faith?"
"It remains."  Her light shone brighter.  "One can be faithful and yet pessimistic."
They studied the tree and one being said, "Time is short here."
"It is.  They near their end … but a different end.  Vanity and greed are not the drives of the masses as it was on Larsa.  Stagnation and decadence do not overwhelm them as it did on Kobol."
"There is mass commercialism and an embarrassment of abundance for the few while many suffer."
"As it was on Larsa, too."
"There is a decadence in spirit here …"
"A desire to force all to bend toward one's own thoughts and beliefs.  A desire so strong that war is a near-constant in their lives," the male said.  "This is of greater concern to the future of the tree."
The female smirked and said, "Perhaps.  Earth's end could be further away, but time is short."  The other tender nodded as she continued, "If a branch from this tree is to stretch toward the remnants of mankind, we must act quickly."
The male looked at the one playing a musical instrument and saw his path, too.  It built onto the tree of this world and tapered away into the heavens.  There, the path became firm.  The tender stared at the man.
"What is it?" she asked.
The messenger watched fingers strum against metal strings.  Other fingers held vibrations at bay and allowed sound to resonate loudly.  The music moved in his mind in a way unlike anyone else the being had seen before.
"I have an idea."
VII
LIAGAM
13 Years Before the Holocaust

The former war minister stood in the empty shelter.  Dust swirled in a beam of sunlight.  He stood in the open door and just listened.  There wasn't a sound.
General Davan Liagam walked across the concrete floor and stopped at the elevator.  He glanced toward the cracked door again before pressing the call button.  When the car arrived, he stepped inside, pressed the button for the basement, and the doors closed.
In the darkness, whether it was night or the simple closing of his eyes, he saw Modin.  One of Peraea's biggest cities.  The downtown area was laid waste.  Bricks, concrete slabs, glass, plastics, papers, and more were strewn for blocks.  There were bodies, too.
His mother-in-law refused to leave.  Davan had convinced his wife, Raya, to go and take the children, but … Damn you, Ava.  The old woman called Raya, crying.  He imagined the pleas she made about not wanting to leave her home.  Raya, the dutiful daughter, returned to the city with his two children, Numi and Trena.
I didn't know.  He stood in the debris of Ava's apartment building and saw the old woman's arm protruding from a pile of rubble.  Raya lay across a flattened table.  A soldier told him his two children were under it.  Liagam couldn't bear to look.
The elevator stopped and he walked into the darkness of the lower levels.  He slapped his hand on the wall before he found the switches.  Dim white lights rippled on throughout the room and illuminated the hundred or so machines that stood there.
The general walked to the nearest one.  He saw the commander's stripes across the Cylon's chest, so he placed his hand on the side, above where its heart would be, if it had one.  After a few moments, the machine's eyes glowed and the familiar thrum of its moving eye emerged from under its sweeping frill.  Servos whined and the Cylon straightened.
After looking at its surroundings, the unit saluted and said, "Commander Ninety-Three One-Bee, colloquial designation 'Richard,' at your command."
"Ninety-Three One-Bee," Davan said.  "Do you recognize me?"
"You are a general, yes?"
"I am."
"I await your orders."
"I am War Minister Davan Liagam."  The Cylon didn't respond.  "How long since you saw action?"
The unit glanced down as it checked its internal clocks.  "Three months, five days."
"The Cylons in your command," as Liagam paused, 93-1B looked over its shoulders at the many deactivated soldiers behind it, "will they listen to you?"
"I am their commander."
"Yes," the general said, "but what if I tell you the war is over?  That a treaty has been signed?"
Richard tilted its head.  "I do not understand.  If the war is over, …"
"The war is officially over, but fighting will begin again.  Soon."
The commander nodded and said, "Then, general, we will fight with you."
Liagam smiled and patted the Cylon's shoulder.  "Good."
VIII
CAVIL
13 Years Before the Holocaust

Sebastian Cavil sat in the stark white waiting room, staring at the muted monitor on the far wall.  It was set on a news channel and an attractive anchor read stories as graphics swirled around her head.
The former ambassador reached into his pocket and removed a handkerchief.  He wiped his nose, raking the fabric across his thin, white mustache.  Nothing this time.
"CavOne," the receptionist said.  She sat at a glass desk many meters away and her voice carried in the cavernous lobby.  
Cavil tried to tune out her phone conversation, but he found it difficult.  Finally, he closed his eyes and leaned back in the white leather chair.
"Grandaddy?"
He whipped his head to the right and saw Ellen Cavil.  "Baby girl!"
She ran to him and caught him as he stood.  She hugged him tightly, "I missed you."
Sebastian closed his eyes and tried to remember the last time he held her.  "Me too."
Ellen pulled away and smiled up at him.  "What are you doing here?"
"I'm here to see your father."  He tried to say it as plainly as possible, with no inflection.
Her smile began to fade.  "He didn't call you up?"
"I don't have an appointment."
"Oh."  Her face fell and she shook her head.  "I do."  She reached out and took his hand.  "Come with me."
The ambassador sighed and held back.  "I don't want to intrude.  My business here isn't exactly pleasant."
Ellen scoffed and said, "And you think mine is?"  Her eyebrows arched and she pulled on him harder.  "Let's go."  He nodded and started to follow.  They reached the elevator, got inside, and she pressed the appropriate button.  "How long has it been since you talked to him?"
Sebastian's mouth pursed and he said, "A year.  Maybe."
She nodded.  "Me too."
He looked down at his feet.  He cursed himself in his thoughts for allowing her father to come between them, again.  With a single shake of his head, he decided to not let that stand in the way.  "How have you been?  What have you been up to?"
Ellen smiled a little.  "Still working at Dissers.  It's a lot smaller than it used to be.  Not as many people."
"To be expected."
"Yeah, but I miss them."
Sebastian put a hand on her shoulder.  "Have you thought about getting into the private sector?"
She shook her head, "No."
He put his arm around her and said, "You do what makes you happy.  That's what's best for you."
Her face brightened and she hugged him.  "What about you?  What are you doing?"
The elevator beeped and the doors slid open.  "Retirement is boring."  Ellen laughed and they walked out into another stark white lobby.  "It's a daily struggle just to stay awake."  She looked at him and saw his smile.  Only then did she chuckle again.
"Can I help you?" the administrator said.
"Yes.  Ellen Cavil.  I have an appointment with my father."
"Of course."  He typed on his computer and looked at Sebastian.  "And you, sir?"
Sebastian was about to speak, but she said, "He's with me."
"Very well."  He pressed an earpiece against his head.  "He's ready to see you."
"Thanks."
Ellen stepped back and sighed.  She glanced toward her grandfather and started to walk toward the large office doors.  Her shoes clacked loudly in the open space.  Once she reached the entrance, she slowly put her hand on the metal handle.  She saw the looming shadow of Sebastian, sighed, and then pushed the door open.
John Cavil was in his early sixties.  He was shorter than most and certainly shorter than people thought the son of Sebastian Cavil would be.  He sat behind a desk made of dark wood and he tapped on a keyboard as he spoke into a thin, clear plastic headset that lined his jaw.
"I don't care how long it takes," he said.  "I want it done."  He paused and stopped typing.  He leaned over and braced his elbow against the desk's top.  "Excuses are the refuge of the weak.  Are you telling me you're weak?"  
The words fell like acid from his lips.  Ellen had been on the receiving end of similar lines before.  She stopped walking and looked toward her grandfather.  She saw the expression on his face, too.  
"I'm glad to hear it."  John's smile was belied by the slow blink of his eyes.  "Now, do me a favor, and start to do the things for which I pay you."  Quickly, he snapped the headset from his ear and tossed it toward his computer monitor.  He closed his eyes, exhaled slowly, smiled, and turned toward Ellen.  He placed his hands on the desk, flat, and slowly opened his eyes.  "Hello, Ellen."
"Dad."
His smile faded and he turned his head a little more to the right.  "Oh.  You're here, too, huh?"
"How are you, son?"
John didn't answer.  "I don't recall inviting you."  He gestured toward Ellen.  "She's the one I wanted to see."
Ellen moved to sit in her chair and Sebastian walked around to the front of the other one.  He sat slowly, bending his long legs with some degree of effort.  "You wouldn't take my calls."
"You don't say."  John shook his head and pushed away from his desk.  "You know, your being here is wrecking my new philosophy."  His hands rolled and his fingers splayed as he spoke.  His animated gesticulations captured Ellen's gaze as they always had when she was younger.  
"'New philosophy?'" Sebastian asked.
"Don't sweat the small stuff."
The former ambassador said, "And I'm not small?"
John wagged a finger.  "Not in any way."
Ellen wanted to stop their snapping.  "Why did you want to see me, Dad?"
"No, no."  John rapped his fingers on the desk and then stood.  "I want to hear from him first."  He glared at Sebastian and said, "He's the interloper.  The intruder.  The uninvited."  He walked to the front of the large desk and leaned back, resting his rear on the edge.  As he folded his arms over his chest, he said, "Please tell me, Daddy dear, why you've paid me the honor of your visit."
Ellen looked at Sebastian and then she looked toward her own hands.  They were crumpled in her lap and her fingers were twitching.
"I've been approached by some government folks.  It seems questions have been raised about ethics in regards to my business and the peace deal I helped strike."
John's eyebrows raised and then he put his hands on either side of his mouth.  "Fates forfend."  He leaned forward and continued the mocking tone, "The great 'Quiet Cavil' has a blemish?"  His arms flopped back to his side and he shook his head, dropping the sarcasm, "I'm just amazed it took this long for others to notice."
Ellen had had enough.  "Dad, stop it."
John ignored her and said, "Go on.  What's the problem?"
Sebastian crossed his legs.  "You didn't tell me that CavOne was getting into the Cylon business."  John shrugged.  "I, obviously, didn't know, so when I wrote the treaty, ensuring that Peraea and other nations impacted by the war would get top-of-the-line Cylons to help with rebuilding, it creates a conflict of interest."
"Hmm.  You're right.  I forgot to thank you.  It's been a real boon to the bottom line the last couple of quarters."
Sebastian shook his head.  "Why didn't you tell me?"
"I'm not privy to what you do.  Why should I let you know every little thing I do with my company?"
"It wasn't always your company.  I started it."  He coughed and said, "That's why there's the appearance of impropriety."
"But I've run it without you for almost thirty years."  He angrily thrust a hand outward and toward the door, "Did you tell them that?"
"Yes.  But I still sit on the board."
John leaned over and pressed his index fingers into his cheeks.  "'Emeritus' … Did you tell these frakking morons what that word means?"  Before his father could answer, John kept going, "You haven't had a damned thing to do here since you cleaned out your old, dusty office a decade ago.  And you only used that to bang your old secretary."
Ellen rolled her eyes and she yelled, "That's enough!"
Both John and Sebastian looked toward her, surprised.  Without responding to her, John lowered his voice and spoke to his father, "Did you read the reports from the board?  Did you look at your dividend statements?  The stock meetings about buying a stake in CyNar Systems?  Of course not."
"I was busy."
"You're always busy."
"I was trying to stop a war."  Sebastian sat up in his seat, "Maybe you heard about that."
"Right, right.  Daddy's off doing whatever …"
"I said enough!"  Ellen had jumped up, pushing the chair over with the backs of her knees.  
"I'm sorry, dear," Sebastian said.
John was silent, but he moved behind her and he picked the chair off the ground, maneuvering it back to her.  He spoke softly, almost kindly, "Sit down, dear."  He walked back around the desk and sat in his chair.  He grabbed the edge of the top, pulled himself up to it, and looked toward his father as he calmly asked, "What do you need from me?"
Sebastian was slow to respond.  When he did, he shook his head and said, "At the moment, nothing.  But, if some federal investigators or someone like that comes around, you'll know why."
"And you want me to tell them you had nothing to do with the Cylon side of things?"
"I'd appreciate it."
John didn't react.  Slowly, he turned to regard his daughter.  Ellen was still fuming and she wasn't looking her father in the eye.  She was staring at the front of the desk.  "How are you, my dear?"
Ellen's eyes darted to him and she said, "Fine."
John raised his eyebrows and his hands.  "That's it?"
She sighed.  "I'm doing well."
"Good."
"Why did you want to see me?"
John folded his arms over his chest again.  "No pleasantries?  No, 'How's things with you?'"
Ellen licked her lips and said, "I'm not in the mood for that anymore."
John nodded and said, "Sure."  He leaned his head down and scratched his balding scalp as he said, "I want to offer you a job."
Ellen blinked and furrowed her brow.  "Again?"
"Well, it wouldn't be 'again' if you had accepted the first time."
She rubbed her temple.  "Dad, we've had this talk …"
"I know, I know."  He started to get up from his chair but decided against it.  He leaned onto his desk, lowering his head to the top in an effort to get her attention.  "You are brilliant."  Her eyebrows arched.  "One of the brightest people I've ever met."  She raised her head and he sat up, too.  "I need you.  Here."
She stopped breathing.  In this moment, she had sensed a feeling from her father that she hadn't heard in ages.  Affection.  
"We could use you and your help.  The competition is fierce."
And, just like that, the feeling was gone.  In her mind, she replayed his words over and over again in a matter of microseconds.  "Use."  "Use."  "Use."
"Dad, I have a place at Dissers."
He winced and waved his hand dismissively.  "The military is close to shuttering that place.  The war's over and it's not coming back."
"But it's my home.  I have creative freedom there."
"You'd have it here!"
"I'm happy there."
John shook his head and scrunched his eyes closed.  "What has the military used that you came up with?  What results have you seen of your work?"
"It's classified."  John laughed and she then tried to think of the answer to his question.  Many of her ideas didn't go anywhere, but a few had made it into production as part of a larger work.  A very few.
"'Classified.'  That's good."  He tapped his fingers on the desk again and said, "It's a man, right?"  Ellen rolled her eyes.  "That old military guy."
"Saul is only a few years older than me."
"Tigh!"  John slapped the desk.  "He's in his forties."
"And I'm almost forty."
He raised his hand and pointed his index finger at her.  "Which means you should know better."  Ellen's mouth parted and John said, "You're letting your emotions cloud your judgment.  You know," he emphasized that last word, "you would be better off here, with me.  Instead, you're clinging to a sinking ship because you love the captain."
"You're not being very fair."
"Fair has nothing to do with it."
"John," Sebastian interrupted, "she can make her own decisions."
"Oh, yeah?"  Cavil stood again and leaned over his desk to face his father.  "Tell me, Dad, did you think I could make my own decisions thirty years ago when you made me … made me … take over your company?"
The former ambassador was quiet.
"That's what I thought."  John turned toward Ellen again.  He opened his mouth to speak, but instead, his lips formed odd shapes and he made contemplative noises.  "Look, Ellen.  I'm going to give you something that he," he angrily jerked his hand toward Sebastian, "never gave me.  You have a choice.  You have free will."
"Thank you."
He held his hands up to stay her movements and words.  "But I want you to think about it.  And, I mean … really think about it."
Ellen slowly stood up.  She nodded and said, "I will.  Thank you, Dad."
"That's all I want."  
She turned to walk toward the door.  Halfway there, she turned back and saw her grandfather still sitting in his chair.
John motioned toward the exit and said, "Well?  You can go now."
Sebastian gave a wearied shake of his head and stood up.  He didn't look his son in the face.  Instead, with his head low, he walked toward his granddaughter and left the room before she did.
IX
THE MESSENGERS
12 Years Before the Holocaust

Saul Tigh sat at his desk, staring at names.
"Gods-frakking-dammit."
He leaned back in his chair and ran firm fingers over his scalp.  What remained of his brown hair was pushed aside until he decided to grip his crown.  He sighed and stared at the ceiling.  Yet again, DSRS' budget was being slashed.  More personnel would have to be let go.  He closed his eyes and saw the faces of everyone he had known for years.  Now, he was being asked to cut almost all of them loose.
After several long moments, Tigh flung himself back down onto the desktop.  He reached for his glass and saw that it was empty.  Instead, he turned his attention toward the folders before him.
"Galen Tyrol."  He thumbed the edge of the papers and looked at the people in his department.  He was safe because the military knew the future may rely upon rocketry and low-orbit travel, not to mention his other talents.  He put that one on the "safe" stack and pulled another pile toward him.
"Tory Foster."  The biological division was thick with doctors and much more qualified researchers that he had known for far longer.
"Keep her."
Tigh narrowed his eyes.  He moved her folder onto the "safe" stack.  Her expertise was in medical treatments and surgical solutions, but for pathogen research, he also put a different doctor aside.  The rest would be let go.
Saul shook his head and looked at the folder in front of him.  "Samuel Anders."  He really gets on my nerves.  He had been the rising star of the communications division and he was also cross-trained in the computer division.  He could be useful, but again, there were other people who could do the work.  People Tigh knew better.
"Keep him."
He nodded and put Anders' folder atop the pile on his left.  The rest were shunted to the right.  They would all be invited to a big meeting tomorrow and given the bad news.
The last pile carried no difficult choices.  Ellen Cavil's folder was first in that stack.  She had led the theoretical division for three years now.  She, too, was adept at computer research.  She was safe, no question.  The fact that he would be married to her before the year's end truly had no bearing on his decision.

"I fear that our subtle, invisible urgings are nearing the end of their usefulness.  Time is too short."
The being turned toward the other and said, "I agree.  We will soon have to make ourselves known to them."
The female tender observed her companion.  "And you will engage in your experiment?"
The male answered, "I will."
"Because you have faith in it."
"No.  Because it may work, and should it work, it will make our efforts that much easier in the ages to come."
She smiled and said, "You can't admit it."
The messenger paused and watched Tigh fill out his paperwork.  "No, I cannot."
X
RICHARD
12 Years Before the Holocaust

The Cylon lifted the bundle of pipes and carried them up across the field.  Seeing the destination pointed at by a human contractor, it deposited them.
"Thanks, Richard."  The man flipped through pages in his clipboard.  "Were you given a task after this?"
"No."  93-1B looked down the hill toward the now-empty pallets of supplies.  "Would I be useful in the city center?"
"Maybe."  The contractor squinted in the sunlight and shielded his eyes as he stared at the blocked-off traffic circle half a kilometer away.  "There's a Cylon holding area there.  Go wait and maybe they can give you something."
"Very well."
As 93-1B walked, it looked at the damaged buildings around it.  The border city of Debira had been bombed repeatedly by Peraean forces and then by Erigen military as they tried to retake it.  Debira fared much better than the rest of Midia, though.
It scanned for military personnel and saw only five armed guards.  They were simple military police and were not kitted out in tactical gear.  Richard saved that information for its later transmission to General Liagam.
"Hello," a woman said as she transcribed the markings from the Cylon's chest to her notes.  "Are you currently free?"
"I am."
"Good."  She pointed to a group of two dozen Cylons.  "Wait with them.  We'll have a task soon."
Obediently, Richard walked around a barricade and stood with the other units.  It looked and noted the types and origins of each one.  Three were former Peraean military units like itself.  Eight were domestic Cylons of various makes.  Eight were bulky construction units.  The remainder were newer and seemed untouched by dirt.  Perhaps these were the promised Erigen Cylons intended to rebuild war-torn areas.
"Where are you from?"  93-1B turned to the left and saw the round face of a short, domestic unit.  "I am from Shomra."
"I see."  The Cylon saw that the other units awaited its answer.  "I was last stationed in Modin before I was reactivated for this effort."
"Ah," the domestic said.  "You were military."
"I was."
"I was military, too," another unit said.  It saluted and announced its designation.  Another military Cylon did the same.
Richard raised its hands.  "That is enough.  The war is over.  We all work together now as equals."
"Yes."  It was a new Erigen Cylon.  It was slightly taller than 93-1B and the sunlight beamed off chrome accents on its chassis.  "We work together to rebuild the world."
Richard nodded as another unit moved closer.  "We are important in that effort.  We are indispensable.  This is what our programmers said."
93-1B looked back toward the human and saw that she was ignoring the chatter of the machines.  Certainly, she was within earshot.  She had just tuned it out.  
"We are indispensable," Richard said.  "Our masters know this."
XI
TYROL
12 Years Before the Holocaust

Galen Tyrol finished typing on the keyboard and he pushed the panel away.  He pulled his eyeglasses down the bridge of his nose a bit and stared at the screen.  He couldn't bring himself to save the file.  He then looked down at the offer letter.  It was held open with a ruler and his eyes drifted over the money listed there.
"Frak."  
He rolled away from his desk and walked over to his planning table.  He sighed and looked at the many designs for his planes and his suborbital spacecraft.  One ship in particular caught his eye.  His fingers scraped over the papers and caught the edge of the sheet.  He pulled it out and admired the craft's grace and size.  Sweeping curves drew the eye aft, making it appear that the vessel was traveling at great speed.  His crowning achievement, the Aetherjet.
There was a knock at the door.
"Come in."
Tory Foster entered and she looked from the desk over to the table.  "There you are."
"Hey."  With some effort, Tyrol pulled himself away from the drawings and embraced her.  "How are you doing?"
"I'm fine."  She nodded and stepped away.  "I spoke to my mom."
"Yeah?"
"She said he's been wrapped, but the funeral's in two days."
Galen inhaled slowly.  Tory's father never seemed to like him, but he was being supportive.  "When did you want to leave?"
"As soon as we can."  She sat in the full leather chair and slumped.  Foster exhaled loudly and rolled her eyes.  "Makes turning over the resignation that much easier, right?"
Tyrol didn't respond.  His eyes lowered and looked back at the table.
"You didn't do it."
"Not yet."  Galen looked back at her and caught her withering gaze.  He sighed and said, "I'm not sure now is the right time."
Tory leaned her head onto her hand and said, "When, then?"  She bit the inside of her mouth and said, "I'm going nuts down in the labs.  Just me, Marvin, two interns, and a Cylon."
Tyrol rolled to the drafting table.  "One of the generals contacted Saul."  He stopped talking and stared at his ship again.  He hoped Tory would ask about the general and get excited for him.  "They're interested in some of my designs."
Instead of excitement, Foster offered a sigh.
"I'm close to doing what I want here.  What I've always wanted."  Galen looked at her and saw her large, brown eyes.  "I designed rockets to carry missiles.  Weapons."  He shook his head angrily and said, "That's not what I wanted to do."
"But you did it."
"I did."  He nodded and touched the blueprints.  "I did because I was needed.  I was asked to help."
"You needed the money."
Tyrol ignored that.  "I … " he shook his head and took the glasses off his face.  "I'm finally free to do what I want and the people in charge?  The people who matter?"  His voice was steadily rising.  "They're interested now.  They want to listen to me."  He slapped his own chest and said, "I matter now.  If I leave … that new place, they may not want that."
Tory squinted and said, "You always mattered.  Did you doubt that?"
Galen was quiet.  He looked down and thought.  "I don't know.  Maybe."
Foster got up and walked behind him.  She embraced him and placed her head on his shoulder.  "I'm sorry.  I'm sorry I didn't make you feel like you mattered."
Tyrol shook his head and said, "No, not like that."  He spun around in his chair and took her hands in his.  "My work.  That's where I've felt …"
"Unfulfilled."
"Yes."  He squeezed her hands and released them.  "Unfulfilled."
Tory folded her arms across her chest and slowly walked away.  "I've felt like that for a long time.  That's why it wasn't hard for me to quit."
Galen glanced toward the computer on his desk.  "I haven't printed my resignation yet."
She nodded and said, "I had an idea a few weeks ago.  I bounced it off Marvin but he said it wouldn't work."
Tyrol laughed, "Marvin stares at culture dishes all day through a microscope.  What the frak does he know?"  Tory smiled.  "What was the idea?"
"You remember that dermal regenerator I made?"
"Of course."  He shrugged, "It was brilliant.  Copying skin cells and depositing them into wounds …"
"I thought maybe I could do that on a larger scale.  With different types of cells."  She looked at Galen and saw his narrowing eyes.  "You don't like it."
"Are you kidding me?"  He stood and then gripped her shoulders.  "That's amazing.  If you could make it work, you'd be able to remake bone, muscle, … organs!  That's huge!"  
His excitement was infectious and Foster began to smile.  "Seriously?  You're not just saying that?"
"No way.  You've got to try it.  You have to."  She lowered her head and he glanced toward his desk.  He knew the resignation letter was sitting on the screen, waiting.  "How about this."
"What?"
"You think about your big idea.  How to make it work and all that.  We go to Zarax for the funeral.  When we come back," he leaned over and raised his eyebrows, "we talk again about leaving Dissers."
Foster squinted and folded her arms against herself even tighter.  "Are you sure?"
"Yes."  He waved dismissively at his planning table, "Forget about my stuff.  Here, you have the funds and the tech access to try whatever you want.  You have a real opportunity."
She looked into Galen's anticipatory face.  She blinked slowly and then nodded.  "That sounds good."  He hugged her, and after that was done, she said, "I can go get the letter from Tigh's office.  He doesn't have it yet."
"Excellent."
Foster kissed him.  "Thank you."
Tyrol hugged her and said, "I love you.  See you in a bit and we can go over travel plans."
"Love you."  She exited his office and pulled the door shut.
Galen walked to his desk quickly and he held down the 'erase' key.  Slowly, the words of his resignation began to vanish.  He smiled.
XII
ANDERS
11 Years Before the Holocaust

Night was about to fall.  Fires blazed on the city's hills.  Smoke poured into the air.  Mobs roamed the streets.  In the distance, the sounds of bombs simply joined the cacophony.
Soon the riders approached the Square and the high walls of the palace itself.  They slowed down and moved their horses to service paths around the perimeter of the building.  All along the walls, tribunes, consuls, servants, and more gathered to watch the war and the insurrection from afar.  They stood and gasped, pointing at the distant fires and smoke.  One rider looked ahead at the nearest watchtower and said, "Act natural."  
They rounded a corner under the tower, and all of the hill opened beneath them.  Wind howled around them, causing one man to shiver.  On the walls, he saw more people standing and gawking.  They rounded another corner under another watchtower and came face to face with pandemonium.
It was an area normally concealed by the palace walls in the Square.  Between government buildings, masses of people were ferrying trunks and boxes from the palace and throwing them into trucks and even construction equipment.  Whatever vehicles were available, obviously.  
The rider stared at the dignitaries fleeing the doors screaming and carrying computers and papers.  A few people ran from the palace without shoes.  Large animals on leads were pulled from the emperor's menagerie and forced into cages.  The sight confused him and he was startled from his gaze as one of the beasts growled and was yanked away.  
Sam Anders sat up in bed.  He looked around the room in the darkness and saw only the dim numbers on his alarm clock.
He had three hours before he needed to get up.  His companion was still hard asleep next to him.  Slowly, he reclined again and pulled the sheets up to his chin.
Anders closed his eyes and tried to blank his mind.  Instead, the image of two men on horseback riding up to a castle's walls intruded.  He opened his eyes in the darkness and tried to recall all that the dream showed him.  He remembered only pieces and even those pieces became as dust and began to drift.
Horses.  The cold wind.  Royalty rushing about.  A large animal, growling.  
Sam closed his eyes again and those few bits started to vanish.  Soon, he was asleep, and the strangely vibrant dream was lost to him.
XIII
RICHARD
11 Years Before the Holocaust

A large truck rumbled down the street and came to a halt by the dirt field.  There were several Cylons standing by, awaiting further instruction.  
93-1B watched the female, Magda, speak with the driver.  She had been instructing the Cylons for several weeks now and guided them through their cleanup efforts in northern Peraea.  
"Go ahead," Magda said.  The driver manipulated levers on the side of his vehicle and the large cargo container became detached from the truck bed and slowly lowered to the ground.  He pressed some buttons inside a panel and the metal plates concealing the payload separated, revealing the contents.
Fifty new Cylons stood within.  All were deactivated and all were secured to the container's frame with a protective metal bar.
"Listen up," Magda said.  "Once I release the bars, I'll need you guys to go to each unit and turn them on."
Some of the Cylons said, "Very well," while the others nodded.
The driver returned to his cab and drove away as she turned a large wheel on each of the three large metal support frames.  Some of the Cylons wobbled when they were freed but none awakened.  Their eyes were still dark.
"Let's go," Magda said.
Twenty Cylons walked to their new comrades.  Their servos whined and their metal parts rubbed against each other.  Richard walked around the right side of the container and approached the shorter unit that stood in the rear corner.  Its metal had a bluish tint with some white plastic stripes and chrome accents.  93-1B sent a brief signal to the Cylon and its processors turned on.
The faint whirring within grew louder and, finally, the blue eye illuminated.  The unit raised its head and looked around.  The eye swept from one side to another and then it faced Richard.  It scanned the former military unit from head to toe and said, "Greetings.  I am Nicholas One Nine Two Two Three Gee."
"Greetings.  I am Richard Ninety-Three One-Bee."
The shorter Cylon nodded and spoke in a somewhat higher pitched tone than Richard's, "I am a coordination unit.  I have been programmed to aid our masters as they coordinate cleanup and rebuilding efforts."
93-1B nodded.  "So I gathered."
Nicholas made a noise.  It was like a small chirp and when it did, its head jerked back briefly.  "Yes, I suppose I didn't need to explain."
"Are you ready to get to work?"
"Certainly."
The new Cylon looked down at its legs and saw that they were tightly contained within the metal frame.  It tried to lift them out, but the short unit was unable to raise them high enough to get over the edge.
"Could you help me?"
Richard took Nicholas' hand and pulled it up.  The Cylon managed to get one foot on the frame and it stood fully erect, towering over the older unit.
"Now I am taller."
93-1B considered the statement and said, "You are."  When 192-23G stepped down, Richard said, "And now you are not."
Nicholas chirped again and studied the surroundings.  "What are our orders?"
Richard walked away from the container and pointed up the hill toward a clutch of bombed-out buildings.  "These structures were damaged in the recent conflict.  They will have to be razed and replaced."
"I can do that."  Nicholas looked up at 93-1B and said, "Not by myself, of course."
"Of course.  I knew what you meant."
192-23G looked back at the cargo container and said, "Are there many Cylons assigned here?"
"Your group has more than doubled our size."
"I see."  The blue unit turned toward its companion and said, "When I was first activated in the factory for testing, I saw many hundreds of Cylons."
"Yes.  Cylons are being distributed across much of the world to aid in the rebuilding effort."
"My programming told me of the rebuilding effort, but I began to wonder."
Richard looked down at Nicholas and asked, "Wonder what?"
"What will happen to all of us once the rebuilding has been completed?"
93-1B didn't respond.  It looked away and began to contemplate the question.  General Liagam has not told me the entirety of his plans, it thought.  Perhaps the answer lies there.
XIV
TIGH
11 Years Before the Holocaust

Ellen Tigh folded her arms across her chest and looked at her father.  "I can't believe you had the audacity to call me up here so I could help you with this."
John Cavil shook his head and said, "I needed you!"  He thrust both hands to the right and said, "The thick-skulled morons in R-and-D couldn't figure it out.  I swear, I think they smoked half their brains away with the stuff they …"
"Stop it!"
Cavil blinked and immediately dropped his arms to his side.  "Stop what, my dear?"
Ellen closed her eyes tightly.  She turned her head to the side slightly and whispered, "Dad …"
Cavil took a step toward her and leveled a finger in her face.  "Don't you start!  I know what you're going to say!"
She inhaled deeply and said, quietly, "You killed him."
John's eyes widened in surprise and he lowered his finger.  "What?"  Exasperated, he took another step forward and said, "You might want to say that again.  I'm afraid I'm going a trifle deaf."
Tigh glanced toward the ceiling and then at her father.  "You killed Grandaddy."
Cavil was still.  He blinked once and then started to laugh.
Ellen's mouth dropped open and she said, "I can't believe you."
He placed his hands on his chest.  "You think I killed him?"  John shook his head and said, "My dear, 'Quiet Cavil' was an old man."
"He was your father and you …"
"He was a very old man!"
"You abandoned him!"  Ellen had yelled.  She told herself before she entered the office that she wouldn't get upset, but here she was.
Cavil stared at his daughter.  His nostrils flared slightly and he said, "And how, pray tell, does one kill a man who was almost dead already?"
"He told you the government was asking questions.  He told you why."
"Right."  John nodded and said, "When they came around, we told them nothing."
"That's the problem!" Ellen backed away and turned toward the windows.  "When the company didn't help, didn't offer any answers or explanation … that just made him look guilty."
He shrugged.  "I can't help that."
Ellen ground her teeth and whipped around.  "You could have!  You only had to say that he wasn't involved with the company and that he didn't know about the Cylon deal.  That's all!"
Cavil squinted as he studied his daughter.  He folded his arms and just watched her.
"They hounded him.  The press hounded him."  Her voice lowered and she said, "It drove him to an early grave."
John was quiet and let the moment hang.  Finally, he said, "Maybe."
Tigh nodded and turned toward the windows again.  "I went to visit him."  She remembered sitting with Sebastian Cavil in that darkened room with all the curtains and blinds closed.  Two media vans were parked outside with cameras aimed at the house.  A pile of legal papers sat on the dining table.  The former ambassador sat in a large fabric chair, hunched over and still.  "For the first time in my life, he seemed … small."
Cavil nodded and looked away, trying to picture the scene.  A corner of his mouth turned up at the thought.  
Ellen saw it.  She stomped toward the door and her father leapt after her.
"Wait!  Hold on!"
"No."  She grabbed the door handle and John slammed into the wood.  "Don't ever contact me again."  She pulled back on the handle as hard as she could, throwing her father off balance.  She left the office and stalked to the elevator.  Once inside and once the metal doors closed, she put her face in her hands and wept.
At home, Ellen sat at the kitchen table.  She pushed aside her lunch of leftovers and wrapped her fingers around a glass of cold tea.  She looked up and saw the small cabinet against the wall.  Stemmed glassware surrounded a few bottles of unopened wine.  On the upper shelf, harder liquor sat.  They were Saul's, of course.  She stared at them for a while, thinking she might enjoy tearing into one or more of them.
A timer went off.  She reached to the far side and pulled a long, plastic wand toward her.  The modified litmus paper inside the window still looked wet but only one red line was showing.  Negative.  She sighed and tossed the disappointment toward the trashcan and missed.
Ellen pulled her lunch back to her.  She lifted her fork and tossed aside pieces of cooling meat.  The hairs on the back of her neck began to stand and she realized she wasn't alone.  She whipped her head around and saw a man sitting in a chair by the window.
"Hello, baby girl."

Saul Tigh closed the front door and leaned back against it.  He closed his eyes, hoping to shake off the day's events.  
He lurched off the door and tossed his jacket onto the coatrack, hoping it would remain there.  It didn't.  He tossed his keys onto the hall table, hoping they would remain on top.  They did.  
He entered the kitchen and moved toward the refrigerator.  He pulled on the handle and reached inside for the pitcher of water.  As he did, he saw movement behind him.  "Hey."  He took out the pitcher and said, "I thought you were coming back to the office after your meeting with your father."  Saul turned and saw Ellen sitting at the kitchen table.  Her face was red and tracks of wet tears had since dried up.  He quickly closed the door of the fridge, moved toward the table, and slid the pitcher on it.  "What's wrong?"
She shook her head and tried to smile.  "Nothing.  I'm fine."
Saul's voice became loud and gruff.  "Like hell you are."
Ellen shook her head again and wiped her nose with a balled-up tissue.  "No, really."
"Ellen …"  Tigh picked up her hand and held it tightly.  "What happened?"  He glanced around the room and spotted the pregnancy test laying on the floor by the trashcan.  He stood, walked toward it, and swooped it up in one fluid motion.  He saw that it was negative and shook his head.  "Oh."  He dropped it into the garbage and returned to his seat.  He lifted her hand again and kissed it.  "I'll start taking the supplements and we can try again.  Don't worry."
She seemed confused for a moment and then realized what he meant.  After shaking her head, she squeezed his hand in return and closed her eyes.  "That's not it."
He was becoming frustrated.  "Then what?"
"I'm not sure you'd believe me."
Saul chuckled, "What are you talking about?"
Ellen sniffed hard and looked at her husband.  "I saw my grandfather."
Tigh blinked.  He turned his head and said, softly, "The ambassador?"
She nodded.  "He seemed so real."
Saul straightened and took his hand out of hers.  "A ghost?"
A single tear raced over her cheek and she said, "I knew you wouldn't believe me."
He took her hand up again and said, "It's not that.  Ellen, I just … I just don't understand.  What are you saying?"
"He came to me and warned me."
Tigh squinted and said, "'Warned' you.  About what?"
"He said we have to look at the Thirteenth Tribe's history.  He said we need to rediscover 'resurrection.'"
Saul laughed a little and shook his head.  "I don't even know what that means."
"Neither do I."
Tigh was concerned.  He looked at his wife's face and saw the pain and the sorrow.  He knew, regardless of what may have actually happened today, she believed it.  "OK.  Here's what we'll do.  You need to eat.  I'm sorry I got home so late."
"Don't worry about that."
"You need to eat and you need to rest."
Ellen stood up.  "I don't think I could go to sleep."  She started to get upset again and Saul pulled her back to the seat.
"We still have some of those sleeping pills, right?"  She nodded.  "Let me fix you some dinner then you get some rest."
She frowned and said, "What about my grandfather?"
Saul blinked slowly and raised his chin.  "We can talk about him tomorrow."  She scoffed, but he continued, "Let me do some research on this … 'resurrection' and we'll talk in the morning."
Ellen seemed hesitant and she looked down as he patted her hand.  He's trying to placate me, she thought.  "I do need to rest."
"Yes."  He leaned forward and hugged her tightly.  With his head pressed against the side of hers, he opened his eyes widely and stared out at the dining area beyond.  His mind raced and he finally said, "We'll go through everything that happened, step by step, tomorrow."
Hours later, with Ellen sufficiently knocked out upstairs, Saul sat at the government computer terminal in their home office.  With a hardline to the Erigen military's servers and his high clearance level, he could look at almost anything he wanted to.  Tonight, he called up historical databases.  Pictures of ancient artifacts.  Details of exhibits from museums, private collections, and secret objects from around the world.
After midnight, he was about to quit.  He saw a list of search results and he had clicked on nearly all of them.  He had seen pages from journals, supposedly written by the Tribe's travelers from Kobol, copied over and over again, and translated into new languages as theirs evolved.  Drawings of ancient ships and temples.  The last item in the results seemed to stand out because its color hadn't been changed.  He hadn't selected that one.
"PROJECT HERMES – FTL revival project."
Saul tapped the screen.  He saw more brown pages and text written in ancient Megaran.  He read the translations on the side of the screen.  These were manifests of technology from the ships that left Kobol.  Erigeneian scientists had scoured them hoping to find a way to reclaim faster-than-light travel, which had been lost a thousand years ago when the last two ships were stolen.
"'Faster-than-light engines?'"  He had thought that was just a myth, like so much of their past.
Tigh rubbed his eyes and read the translation.  Computers were mentioned.  Construction equipment.  Algae processors.  Communications devices.  Cylons.  Saul's mind wandered briefly as he tried to imagine what an ancient Kobollian Cylon might look like, but then he read the next line.
"What … the frak?"
The screen read, "TRANSFER EQUIPMENT.  Comm arrays, memory processing databanks, resurrection pods."
Saul leaned back in his chair and looked over his shoulder to the kitchen, where he and Ellen had spoken several hours before.  He listened carefully, just in case the spirit of Sebastian Cavil was near.
He didn't hear anything.
XV
LIGAM
11 Years Before the Holocaust

General Davan Liagam looked at his communications device.  He had turned it on long enough to see, "87 unread messages."
He turned it off and put it back in his pocket.  His staff was trying to reach him.  The generals of the Sabaoth War Council were trying to reach him.
Not War Council now, he thought.  Coward Council, perhaps.
By the computer station, he had a large pad and he scribbled numbers and cities.  He contacted Cylon unit after Cylon unit.  
"How many Cylons are under your command?"
"There are fifty-four with me."
"Can you control them?"
"I can.  Some will follow my orders because I was a commander.  Others can be convinced."
"Excellent," Liagam said.  "Stand by for instruction."
He wrote put a check mark by that unit's designation on the list.  Then he called the next Cylon.
"Ninety-Three One Bee."
"Greetings, general."
"What is your current position?"
"We are conducting rebuilding efforts in Modin."
Modin …  Home of Davan's family.  The place of their deaths.
Liagam was quiet and his eyes drifted down as flashes of his wife and children returned from memory.  He cleared his throat.  "How many units are under your command?"
"None are under my command, so to speak, but I currently aid a group of one hundred sixty-five Cylons."
The general's eyes widened and he began to smile.  "How many of them are former military units?"
"Forty-seven.  The majority of the group are newer Erigen units created specifically for post-war rebuilding efforts."
"Are they sturdy Cylons?"
93-1B paused.  "They perform their duties well, if that's what you mean.  They seem to be effective builders."
"Will all of the Cylons follow you and your orders?"
"Many of them will.  I have befriended a coordination Cylon.  It can assist me."
Davan slapped the table.  "Excellent!  Excellent!"  He nodded and looked at the map adorning his wall.  "Modin will be where I will make my stand."
"As you wish."  Liagam was about to close the channel when Richard spoke again.  "May I ask a question?"
The general scribbled on his pad and said, offhandedly, "Yes."
"What will happen to the Cylons once the rebuilding efforts have been concluded?"
He looked up and stared into the far corner of the room.  "What I have in mind isn't rebuilding.  There will be another war."
"I see."  Another long pause.  "After the next war, will there be another rebuilding effort?"
Liagam's face contorted and he said, "Maybe.  Probably.  I don't know."
"What will happen to the Cylons after the next war, or after the next rebuilding effort?"
Davan closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose.  "I don't know.  I really don't."
"I see."  After another pause, 93-1B asked, "Is that all, general?"
"Yes.  Stand by for further instructions."
"Very well."
He closed the channel and kept writing on the pad.  He mumbled to himself and then rose from his seat.  Liagam walked to the door, buttoned up his uniform jacket, and stepped outside.
Thirteen light vehicles were arrayed along the road.  Four tanks sat idling while workers scrambled around them.  Dozens of workers ferried ammunition from crates to quartermasters who began organizing it and distributing to the different companies of soldiers.  With a glance to the right, the general saw several hundred men exercising in the forest clearing.
Liagam raised his head with pride and his chest swelled.  He folded his hands behind his back and thought, Peraea will be free again very soon.
XVI
FOSTER
10 Years Before the Holocaust

She looked through her scope and the blue stylus hung in her view.  A window was cut from the colored shaft and a small needle bisected the gap.  A drop appeared at the end and it was placed precisely in the bottom of a thin, orange mold.  The stylus moved again and another drop emerged.  Another.  Another.
A minute later, Tory Foster sat up from her scope and removed the mold.  With a light snap, the orange halves broke open and a small, white object emerged.  It was thin and curved ever so slightly.  She held it up and smiled.
She placed the new bone into a rack and maneuvered a device against it.  It was an array of the blue styluses, arranged in a circle and ready to deposit their fluids along the length of the finger.
"I'm sorry to interrupt you, doctor."
Tory whipped around and saw a familiar but old face.  "Dr. Mannis!"  She stood and embraced him tightly.  
He returned the gesture and laughed.  "It is good to see you, Dr. Foster."
"Please, just Tory."
"Now, now."  He pulled away from her and wagged a finger, "You worked hard for your title.  Use it."
She nodded and said, "How are you?"
He patted his stomach and tilted his large, balding head.  "So as to be about.  Little more.  And yourself?"
"I am …" she paused, trying to think of the right adjective, "well.  I am well."
"Good.  Glad to hear it."
They stared at each other for a moment and Tory sensed that something was off.  "Why are you here?"
"I came to see you."  He raised his arms and gestured around the room, "You have done amazing work."
Foster almost rolled her eyes and she said, "I don't really know what you mean."
"Your dermal regenerator?  They're beginning to use that in hospitals all over, you know.  Not just the battlefield."
She nodded.  "I know."  She raised her hands and gestured at the ceiling and walls of her lab.  "I feel insulated in here, you know?  From the outside world.  I don't feel like I know what's going on sometimes."
"Indeed."  Mannis leaned over and looked around Foster's shoulder.  "What is that?"
"Oh," she turned and pulled the array of styluses closer.  "I took the idea of my dermal regenerator and applied it to other tissues, too.  I made the bone just minutes ago."
"I see."
"These devices will create muscle tissue anchored to one end of the finger and stretch to the other."
"That is remarkable."
Tory smiled.  "It's been slow going, but it seems to be working."
"Organs, too?"
She pushed the device away.  "Hmm?"
"Organs?  Will you be able to make organs in the same manner?"  
Tory shook her head slightly and grinned, "No.  I wasn't thinking of going that far yet."
Quickly, firmly, Mannis took her hand.  "Do not limit yourself."
She looked down at his hand and slowly brought her eyes even with his.  "What do you mean?"
The old doctor's head quivered and his brow furrowed.  "Do not stop with bones and muscles and skin just because someone said that's all you can do.  Or because you think that's the limit of your abilities."  He inhaled deeply and leaned back after releasing her hand.  "Your imagination is bigger than your grasp.  It's your job to extend your hand and take what you imagine."
Foster felt a chill along her skin.  She heard him speak loudly and inspirationally often when she was a student.  "I really miss that."  
"What?"
"I miss the way you encouraged us."  She looked at her blue styluses.  "I've really needed it over the last few years."
"Hmm."  He scratched his chin and said, "Do you feel like you have a purpose?"
"What?"
"A purpose.  God has a purpose for us all."
"I don't remember you being religious."
Mannis grinned.  "Do you feel that your work here has direction?"  He shrugged again and leaned forward.  "I noticed when you were in school that if you were without purpose," he paused and looked deeply into Tory's eyes, "you seemed to drift."
Subtly, she nodded her head.  "I don't let myself get that way."
"Good.  You must act on your nature lest you become consumed by your own darkness."
Foster asked, "'Darkness?'"
"We all have it.  Some more than others."  Mannis smiled and continued, "You say you have direction, so I will not worry."
"I do have a purpose here," her voice trailed.  Doubt crept across her face and she looked away from her mentor.
Mannis said, "You left university early.  You came to the DSRS before you were twenty …"
"But I kept up with my classes.  I had the drive."
He slapped the table.  "You did.  You were brilliant.  And these people?"  He gestured at the walls around him, "They knew they needed you.  They knew you were brilliant.  You need to remember that, too, from time to time."
Tory smiled and nodded.  "Thank you."
"Now," he slapped his thighs, "will you make organs the same way?"
Foster's eyes rolled and she leaned her head on her hand.  Propped against the table, she stared at an emergency eyewash station across the room.  "I thought about using blank cells seeded with the cells of organs.  The body could be built with these organic knitters … the organs could incubate and grow inside."
"Very true.  Now," he leaned forward, "can you, how you say, 'knit' the organs directly?"
Her large brown eyes widened and she flashed her bright smile.  "I don't know?  Maybe?"
Mannis shook his head.  "Imagine.  Then reach."  
She felt self-conscious, and she looked down at herself.  Tory turned toward the table and began to scribble some notes.  "I think …"  Her voice trailed away and she kept writing.
"There you are."  The doctor stood and put one hand on her shoulder.  "I will visit again soon to see what you've snatched, hmm?"
Fully entranced by her train of thought, Foster didn't look after her former teacher as he left the room.  She wrote and diagrammed.  She tapped the pen on the table for a moment and then wrote some more.  As she did, she smiled.
XVII
ANDERS
10 Years Before the Holocaust

Disoriented by Sam's final groaning thrust, the blond woman leaned forward and awkwardly pressed her hands into either side of the pillow.  She smiled and allowed herself to fall onto her right side.  Anders was blinking and rolling his eyes simultaneously, trying to see through the alcohol that clouded him.
"How are you doing?" she asked.
He brought a sweaty hand to his face and wiped his cheek.  "Huh?  I'm fine.  I'm good."  He paused and licked his dry lips.  Then, he remembered himself and turned to face the stranger.  "How are you?"
"Satisfied."  She smiled and leaned toward him, kissing him on the mouth haphazardly.
Sam tried to reciprocate, but she had already retreated to her side of the bed.  He blinked again and took a second to focus on this woman who had enraptured him at the bar.  "Do I even know your name?"
She laughed, "What do you care at this point?"
He shrugged and ran a finger over her bare arm.  "You're right."  She laughed again, but in a bellow that was free of inhibition.  Anders grinned and allowed his finger to follow the lines of a tattoo on her left arm.  A single, stylized wing, attached to a circle.  His finger began to loop on the black ring.
"You like it?"
"I do."  His finger made another cycle.
"You're getting tired."
His finger circled the ink again.  "Yes."
"Sleep."
Night was about to fall in the city.  Fires blazed on its hills.  Smoke poured into the air.  Mobs roamed the streets.  In the distance, the sounds of bombs simply joined the cacophony.
The riders approached the palace along the road under the battlements and the wind whipped at them.  Courtiers and other officials ran in a frenzy and the emperor's menagerie of animals growled.
Suddenly, he found himself in a marble room, deep within the castle.
The emperor sighed and clasped his hands behind himself.  "I don't know who you are.  You have come into my house like a thief.  An opportunist.  The world burns around us and you've come to … do what?"
Anders found he couldn’t speak.  The royalty before him, though, was happy to talk.
"Only now do I begin to feel the loss.  The loss of … millennia."  He turned from the chair and walked toward the window.
Sam asked, "What are you talking about?"
"The Empire, thief."  The distant fires cast glows into the room.  "For three thousand years, this was the greatest nation on the face of the world.  In all that time, people took and took.  Optimates.  Patricians.  They took.  You workers.  Farmers.  You took."  The emperor looked out the window and nodded toward the fires.  "Still taking."  He shook his head and spoke louder.  "None of you, none of them, can fathom its value.  The Empire is falling!  And none but I know its worth."  
An ornate clock on the far wall dinged.  They turned toward it and saw that it was now midnight.  "No more lies," Anders said.  "It's getting late."
An explosion on a nearby hill briefly illuminated the night.  The emperor pounded on the door frame and screamed, "Why?!  Why is this happening?  Why now?"
Sam looked up and said, softly, "Don't get excited."
With a gasp, Anders sat erect in his bed and saw that his room was lit by the morning.
"Write me a song."
He glanced around hurriedly and, finally, his eyes landed on the blonde from the night before.  She was sitting in a chair by the window.  A breeze billowed the white, sheer curtains outward.  She was naked, save for the shirt of his that she wore.  She had one leg pulled up to her chest and she hugged it.  She nuzzled her own knee and looked at Sam plaintively.
"What?"
She smirked and repeated, "Write me a song."
Sam was confused.  He stretched and saw his guitar lying against a table on the other side of the room.  He nodded and said, "Yeah, sure.  I'll, uh," he yawned, "I'll get right on that."
She stood and walked toward the bedroom door.  "You better."
XVIII
TYROL
10 Years Before the Holocaust

It was a fitful, frustrating sleep.  Galen tossed aside the covers and angrily gathered his clothes from the side of the bed.
"What is it?" Tory mumbled.
"Nothing."  He slid into his pants.  "Go back to sleep."  She turned and pulled the blankets over her shoulder.
Tyrol left the bedroom and walked out to the apartment's living area.  He sat on the couch and picked up the now-lukewarm glass of water from last evening.  He sipped it and swished the water in his mouth.  He swallowed and stood again, this time heading toward the office.
With the flick of a switch, the drawings and blueprints on tables and tacked to the walls became visible.  He sat in the chair and looked at his suborbital vehicle.  The military called it the "X-12," but he didn't care for that name.  
Galen sighed and stood.  Can't move forward by looking backward, he thought.  He reached for the large poster with the sleek design.  The painting done up to make the plane look as fast as possible but also strong.  He removed one of the tacks when he saw someone step into the office doorway.
He sighed and said, "I'm sorry, babe.  I didn't mean to wake you."
"What are you doing?"
He turned and saw his mother.  The short, heavyset woman stood with her arms folded over her chest.  Her brow was furrowed and her mouth was turned in its typical frown.
Tyrol backed away and fell against a drafting table, knocking a computer keyboard to the floor.  He opened his mouth to speak but nothing emerged.
She shook her head.  "Quitting again?"  Galen's mouth moved and he blinked furiously.  "Speak when you're spoken to!"
"I'm not quitting!" he barked.
"Looks like you are."
He glanced at the poster and then back at her.  "The project's done.  The military bought it.  They're making it now."  His mouth was dry and it took a great deal of effort for him to swallow.  When he did, he stood up straight and pointed at the plane.  "It's a suborbital vehicle.  It'll be faster than any aircraft ever made."
His mother didn't look at the picture.  She stared at her son.  "What?  Am I supposed to be proud or something?"
Tyrol's shoulders drooped and he lowered his head.  "I don't understand …"
"Is it built?  Is it ready to fly?"
He shook his head.  "No."
"Then it's not finished."  She walked into the room, gripped him by the upper arms, and shook him.  "You're quitting again!"
He didn't look her in the face.  "No.  I'm not."
"You are!" 
Tyrol closed his eyes tightly and shook his head quickly.
"You're quitting this just like you quit me!  Like you quit your family!"
Galen tried to pull away but she yanked him closer.  Finally, he opened his eyes and yelled, "This is why I left!"
She nodded and pushed his arms away once more, firmly.  He wobbled on his feet and she returned to her folded-arms stance.  "That's right.  You couldn't get away fast enough."
Tyrol found himself and his eyes went wide.  "Yes!"
"You ran away.  Fast."
He nodded and took a step closer.  "Frakkin' A."
She slapped him across the face.  He blinked and reached up to touch his cheek.  "Don't swear at your mother."
He glanced down and muttered, "I'm sorry."
Finally, she looked at the wall and studied the posters.  The drawings.  The schematics.  "You said your plane is fast."
Still holding his cheek, he looked at her and squinted.  "Fastest ever."
"Not fast enough."
He dropped his hand.  "What do you mean?"
She spoke with snide venom, "You like to run away and run away fast, right?"  She jabbed a finger toward the wall.  "This isn't enough.  Yet."
Galen didn't look at the designs.  "For what?"
"Running away, idiot!"  He lurched backward again.  "You have to go faster!"
"Why?"
She leaned into his face and said, "You have to go faster!"  She grunted, "Farther!"
As Tyrol cowered against his computer desk, he felt her hot, alcohol and cigarette-tinged breath slap against his nose and wash over his cheeks.  His gaze widened and he tried to look at his periphery, watching for her fists.  Usually, when she got this close and this angry, she followed it with punches.  This time, however, she vanished.
Galen's eyes were frozen open.  He was propped precariously against the desk and he slid.  Collapsing to the floor, he made no attempt to brace his fall.  He sat on the thick carpet, staring at the open space where his mother had been standing.  No sign of her remained.

A week later, he sat in the common room at the Department of Special Research and Sciences.  He held a plastic cup of soda and he hunched over the table.  He stared at the way bubbles rose in the black liquid and fell in line along the edges of the circle.  Some popped.  Some were small enough to rise above and float into the air as carbon dioxide.
"Do you want anything to eat?"
"Hmm?"
Tory touched his arm.  "Do you want anything?"
He shook his head.
She had been rising from her chair, but she sat back down.  "What's wrong?  You haven't eaten in days.  You haven't been sleeping …"
He inhaled sharply and said, "It's nothing.  It's fine."  Out of the last six days, he saw his mother five times.  He read books and magazines on schizophrenia and brain tumors, trying to pin some sort of label on himself.  Other than the hallucinations, he had no symptoms.  Nothing leading up to the event to give any indication as to what was wrong.
I had the conference in New Cleitus.  She first came after I got back.  I felt funny, dizzy, after the flight.  I remember Peraeans there … could they have done something to me?  Drugged me?  Put a chip in my head?
The muscles of Foster's jaw flexed.  The line of her mouth turned down slightly and she shook her head.  "Now's not the time, but we have to talk."  Angrily, she rose again and walked toward the array of food.
"I need to ask you something later."  He watched Foster walk away and his mind ached with more flurrying thoughts.  I want to talk.  Really.  I can't explain it.  Hopefully, she wasn't mad enough to deny him the use of her medical scanners.  What excuse can I use?  I need to see inside my head.
Saul and Ellen Tigh walked in and began to chat with the couple dozen or so other DSRS workers.  Galen looked toward them briefly and then back at his drink.  Tory returned to the table and sat two seats away from him.  Tyrol noticed and snorted quietly.  He shook his head and Saul began to speak.
"Thanks for coming, everyone.  I know there are fewer of us, but I thought it was important to keep up these monthly lunches.  We need to see that we're still here and we're still working."  The director glanced at his wife and then at the people near the food tables.  "We're in this together."
Someone tried to pepper him with questions, but Tigh waved him off.  Galen lifted his drink and took a sip.
"Mr. Tyrol," Saul said.
"Hello, sir."  He didn't make eye contact.
My mother's been dead for almost ten years.  I'm mostly sure I'm not crazy.  Mostly.
Saul sat at a table adjacent to Galen's.  Ellen brought a plate over and her husband picked a piece of food from it, popping it into his mouth.
She slapped his hand and said, "Get your own."  He laughed.
Tyrol did nothing but sip and stare at his soda.  Several minutes later, he looked up and saw that the large common room was nearly empty.  Someone from the engineering labs filled his plate and left with it.  Tory was now sitting at the table with the Tighs, talking to them quietly.  
Just as he was about to leave, Sam Anders came into the room.  He waved at the Tighs and took a paper plate.  Galen stood and emptied the drink into his mouth.  He walked past Sam and tossed the empty plastic cup into the trash.
Anders sat at the table with Foster, Saul, and Ellen.  He lifted a chicken leg to his mouth and paused.  "So, I think I'm being haunted by a ghost."  The three people at the table with him just stared at the young man.  He tore meat from the bone and chewed.  He saw their expressions and nodded slowly.
Tyrol turned from the doorway and walked toward them.  He leaned over him, bracing his left palm on the table, and asked, gruffly, "What did you just say?"
He swallowed and rotated the leg a bit.  "I'm being haunted."  Sam licked his lips and glanced at Galen.  "I know, man.  It's frakked up."  He took another bite.
Tyrol's mouth hung open and he exhaled slowly from it.  He backed away a little and sank into the chair next to Anders.  Ellen had gone pale and her eyes glistened.  Saul was clenching his jaw and grinding his teeth.  
Tory seemed concerned and she looked across the table at everyone else's expressions.  She then laughed in a loud burst and shook her head.  "Come on.  You don't believe in ghosts, right?"
He swallowed again and said, "I didn't use to."  He rotated the bone and looked her in the eye.  "But then she came."  He took another bite.
Foster noticed how serious everyone seemed to take it.  She looked at Tyrol and saw his wide-eyed stare.  "Babe?"
He didn't return her look.  "Hang on."  He leaned toward Sam and said, "Explain."
Anders tossed the bone onto his plate and picked up a napkin.  As he wiped his fingers, he said, "I met her at a bar about a month ago.  We went home and," he was grinning but he saw Ellen's concern.  He stopped smiling and tilted his head.  "We had some fun.  She hung out.  Still hangs out.  But she says some weird stuff to me.  Stuff I don't get."
"Who is she?" Saul asked.
"What did she say?" Galen asked simultaneously.
Sam looked from Tyrol to Tigh and he said, "I don't know who she is.  I never met her before."
"Wait," Tyrol said while he held up a hand.  "You picked up a woman at a bar and she's … living with you now?  Why do you think she's a ghost?"
Anders wiped his mouth with the napkin.  "Maybe I shouldn't say 'ghost.'  Do you think they'd find that offensive?"  No one responded.  "It's a spirit.  I'm seeing a spirit and she visits me.  But I didn't think she was a spirit at first.  We went out for dinner once and she just sat there at the table with me.  The waiter never took her order."
"Maybe the waiter was a dick," Foster added.
Sam shook his head.  "No."  He leaned forward and smirked, "He didn't see her."  He sniffed and straightened up.  "And I've seen her disappear, too.  Right before my eyes."
Galen leaned back and turned his head.  He covered his mouth with his hand and thought.
Tory looked at him and reached across the table.  She put her hand on his other hand.  "What's going on?"
Now.  I have to say it now.
Tyrol lowered his hand from his face and grabbed Foster's.  He looked at Anders and said, "I've seen one, too."
Ellen gasped and covered her mouth.  Saul jerked his head toward her and put his arm across her back.  
Sam nodded and said, "Yeah.  That makes sense."
Galen asked, "What?"
"My girl?  She told me I'd have to help 'the others.'"  He made quotation marks with his fingers.  "I asked who 'the others' were but she didn't answer me."
"Me."  They looked at Ellen and saw her nodding her head.  "I'm one, too."
"What is going on?"  Tory's eyes were wide and she looked at Tyrol.  "What's happening?"
"You."  Sam put his elbow on the table and he pointed at her.  "Have you seen anyone you can't explain?  In public or at home?"
Tyrol looked at her and asked, "A family member?"
She rolled her eyes and shook her head.  "No."  She scoffed.  "I haven't seen any ghosts.  No one's disappearing before my very eyes."  She smiled and started to speak again, when she froze.
Anders nodded.  "There you go."
Her eyes widened and her mouth fell open.  "Oh my gods."
Galen picked her hand up and squeezed.  "Who did you see?"
"He's not a ghost, though.  He's my old instructor."  She blinked and looked at her partner.  "Dr. Mannis?  Remember I told you about him?"
"Yeah, years ago.  He visited you?"
"Yeah.  Twice now."
"Where?"
"Here.  In my lab.  We talked about my organic knitting project."  
Tyrol narrowed his eyes and looked at Saul incredulously.  "Are we allowed to have visitors in our labs?"
Tigh shook his head.  "Not without clearance.  And not without an escort."
Sharply, Foster inhaled and slapped her hands over her face.  She leaned forward and pressed her forehead on the tabletop.  Shortly afterward, she began to sob.
Galen put his hand on her back and rubbed.  He looked at her dark hair and nodded, "I saw my mother.  She's been dead for a decade."  He smiled broadly and exhaled loudly.  "Thank Zeus.  I thought I was going insane.  I thought I had a chip in my head or something."  
"A chip?" Anders laughed.
Ellen cleared her throat.  "I see my grandfather."
Sam nodded and he looked at Saul.  "You?"
He shook his head.  "I haven't seen anyone."  Sam tilted his head and Tigh responded, "Honest.  Ellen told me about her grandad and I've been on my toes ever since.  I haven't seen anyone, long dead or otherwise."
Anders shrugged.  "Well, there's obviously more to this than just a horror movie plot."  He pushed his plate aside.  "My girl told me to help you guys and to write a song."  He shook his head and waved his hand.  "Whatever that means."
From the table under her hands, Tory said, "Dr. Mannis helped me with organic knitting."  She sat up and sniffed loudly.  She wiped tears from her eyes and said, "Replicating human tissue using blank cells with injected DNA and artificial growth.  I have devices that can, basically, draw fresh skin, bones, muscle, whatever, in minutes.  I needed help with growing organs.  Making organs the same way."  She nodded and held Tyrol's hand. 
"My mom," he began, "was abusive.  I mean, before she died, she was … horrible."  His eyes drifted off and glazed over.  "I was happy when she died."  Everyone was quiet and Galen spoke with a rasp, "When she visits, she's not helpful.  She yells.  She hits me."
"Hits you?" Saul asked.  "The ghost touches you?"
Sam laughed.  "I got lucky.  I can frak mine."
Tyrol nodded.  "My mom is just like my mom.  Unfortunately."  He sighed and said, "She talks about the Aetherjet.  Says I can't stop working on it.  She says I need to make it better.  Make it faster."
Quiet lingered over the table for a moment.  Without prompting, the others turned toward Ellen.  
She smiled and stretched her arms in front of herself.  She held her hands together and contorted them while she thought.  "My grandfather was my favorite person in the world."  She leaned against Saul for a second and said, "Next to this one."  Anders and Tory grinned briefly.  
Tyrol asked, "He was the ambassador, right?"
"Yes."  Ellen nodded and then continued, "He came to me a few months ago and told me that I needed to rediscover … resurrection."
Anders squinted and asked, "What's that?"
She looked at her husband and Saul shook his head.  "It's classified."
Ellen grumbled and backed away.  "It's from an ancient book.  In storage at a museum."  She looked at Saul and said, "It's not locked up in a government vault."
"We have clearance," Galen said.  "What level was this?"
Tigh rolled his eyes and said, "Ah, hell."  He leaned forward and said, "I looked for 'resurrection' in the government and military databases.  I found a lot of crap.  But I found one thing that dates all the way back to the founding of Earth."  The others' eyebrows shot up.  "When the Thirteenth Tribers from Kobol arrived, they brought stuff with them, like Cylons.  They also brought 'resurrection' equipment.  Equipment dealing with something called 'transfer.'  Memory processing."
They were silent for a moment.  Anders said, "'Memory processing' … like computers or," he tapped the side of his head, "memories?"
Ellen nodded.  "That's what I thought, too."
"Wait," Tory leaned closer.  "Our ancestors could … die and then be born again?"
Saul and Ellen both nodded.  He said, "Apparently."
Tyrol smiled and said, "They would be born again in a new body."  He looked at Foster and said, "Like maybe a body someone made using an organic knitter."
Saul's eyes widened.  "Whoa."  Tory bit her lip, closed her eyes, and shook her head.
Silence, again, descended on the five.  Galen inhaled loudly and said, "So what's the point?  We figure out how to do this again.  But for what?  And why do I need to make my suborbital plane faster?"
"Maybe you're supposed to remove the 'sub' part of your plane," Ellen said.  "Maybe we have to get away from here."
Tyrol ran his fingers through his hair and leaned back in his seat.
Sam pulled his plate back to him and lifted another chicken leg from it.  "That would explain something else my spirit said."  He smirked and said, "She said, 'Earth is doomed.'"
XIX
RICHARD
10 Years Before the Holocaust

93-1B held the wooden frame in place.  A Cylon nearby used a nail gun, attaching the beams to the other parts of the wall.  Behind it, Richard heard the approach of mechanical feet.  It knew it was Nicholas.
"Greetings, Richard."
"Greetings, Nicholas."
"How goes it?"
"It goes well."
This was their daily routine.  Early in the morning, 93-1B would be tasked with some sort of labor while 192-23G was elsewhere helping Magda and the other humans plan the day.  As the sun neared its zenith, 192-23G was free from planning and sent to assist where possible.  Without fail, Nicholas chose to join 93-1B's work group.
"May I assist?"
Richard released the frame and stepped back to study its angle.  Following lines overlaid in its vision, the Cylon saw that the frame was level.  "I was about to retrieve nails and other supplies from the depot."
The smaller, blue Cylon jogged up by the older military unit.  "I would be happy to help."
"I would appreciate it."
The duo left the small neighborhood and returned to one of Modin's side streets.  There, several trailers had been placed with wood, stones, tools, and more.  The human inhabitants were beyond the orange markers.  93-1B watched a woman walk along the street with a bag in her hand.  She ignored the machines and went about her business.
"It is remarkable," Nicholas said as it looked in the same direction.  "Just months ago, that area was non-existent."
"True."
192-23G gestured toward the small marketplace and said, "We built that."
"True."  Richard looked down at its companion and said, "Do I detect a note of pride?"
Its head swiveled upward and then lowered as it thought.  "Perhaps.  Is there some reason to avoid pride?"
93-1B lifted a box of nails from the supply shelf and said, "None."  It looked at Nicholas, which still stood gesturing toward Modin.  "Please bring another box of nail-gun refills."
"Of course."  The coordination Cylon removed the box from the shelf.  Its arms extended groundward and its back hunched as it tried to compensate for the weight.  192-23G shuffled along for a moment and retracted its arms, finally bringing the box higher up its torso.
Richard didn't bother to wait for Nicholas.  It knew that carrying a heavier load would take the smaller Cylon a few extra moments to move.  Once it did, Nicholas' quicker pace would allow it to catch up easily.
On cue, 192-23G appeared by 93-1B's side.  "This neighborhood is progressing ahead of schedule."
"Is it?"
"Yes.  I see the reports each day, you know."
"I did not."
"Yes.  We are nearly three-point-five days ahead of schedule."  Nicholas turned toward Richard as it recognized the sarcasm.  "You know that I see the reports each day.  I tell you so whenever I speak of them."
"You do."
192-23G chirped and looked ahead again.  "After only one month in our designated work area, that is the best rate so far for any Cylon division in Modin."
"I will not take pride in such figures until the entire area's repairs have been completed."
"Pragmatic."  The coordinator looked west toward a group of human planners.  One of them broke out into a jog toward the pair.
"Rick and Nick …"
Both Cylons stopped and turned toward her.  Nicholas said, "Yes, Magda?"
She came to a stop near them.  "There was an accident at home nineteen."  Magda pointed north and both Cylons immediately knew where home nineteen was, thanks to the maps that had been installed.  "One unit was damaged and the framing collapsed.  Can you guys go get them back on track?"
Simultaneously, they answered, "Certainly."
Richard raised the box of nails it had been carrying.  "What shall we do with these?"
She looked inside and said, "Take them with you.  You'll probably need it."
Nicholas nodded and began to walk north.  "Very well."
"Thanks, guys."  Magda patted Richard's shoulder and ran back to the other planners.  93-1B considered the simple gesture of touch.  For weeks, Magda and the other human overseers had avoided eye contact and conversation with the Cylon workers.  That began to change the more time they spent together.  My face was designed to inspire fear in humans, Richard thought.  Perhaps that was an impediment.
Minutes later, the two Cylons arrived at the plot of land designated as home nineteen.  The foundation had been poured and one piece of wooden framing stood.  Other frames had fallen and one had broken apart.  A beam was tossed aside haphazardly in the middle of the house and there were four Erigen Cylons nearby, collecting debris and other equipment.
"What happened?" 192-23G asked as it set the box of nail gun refills down.
An Erigen unit pointed toward a small excavator that had crashed into a tree.  "A mechanical fault with its brakes.  It destroyed the framing and injured a Cylon inside."
Richard moved closer and asked, "Can the Cylon be repaired?"
Another unit answered, "Yes.  It suffered leg damage."
Nicholas turned in a circle and said, "Let us get back to work.  We have much to do to make up for the lost time."
Without comment, the four Erigen Cylons and Richard moved into the nascent house and began to reassemble the frames.  They were held up and in position while 93-1B raised its nail gun, placing the nozzle against the wood and depressing the trigger.
"Do you read me?"
As the smack of metal-upon-metal echoed, Richard turned its head north.  It couldn't see anything beyond the trees and the hill.  A quick check of its calendar and chronometer confirmed that it was time.  
Very simply, 93-1B responded without speaking, "I read you, general."
"We are coming."
Richard backed away from the wooden frame and carefully placed the nail gun on the concrete floor.  It stood and looked at each of the Erigen Cylons. They were still in place, waiting for the structure to be secured.  They looked at their comrade curiously and wondered at what was wrong.
Nicholas moved away from the wood it had been holding and approached 93-1B's side.  "What is it?"
Richard looked down at 192-23G and hesitated.  In the distance, it heard the familiar, grating sound of tank tracks on the countryside.  "I cannot explain."
The north side of Modin's borders were crossed by Davan Liagam's army.  Several tanks crested the hill, throwing gouts of black soil and sprays of grass high into the air.  A dozen lighter vehicles moved in behind them, assuming a picket on the ridge while the mechanized armor moved forward.  Then, the footsteps.  Over one thousand men kept close ranks behind the vehicles.  The general emerged from the hatch of the lead tank and waved toward the city.  "For Peraea!"
Nicholas and the other Erigen Cylons backed away from home nineteen.  They looked at the hill some two hundred meters away and the large weaponry heading in their direction.  192-23G pulled on Richard's arm and said, "We should leave."
93-1B stood steadfast.  It watched the approach of its commanding officer.  Without sweeping its eye toward its companion, Richard said, "I cannot.  You should go."
The smaller Cylon watched the other, taller Erigen Cylons begin to cower.  Instead, Nicholas turned to face the Peraean force.  "I will remain with you."
The first weapons fire erupted.  A rocket launched into a framed home, exploding it into splinters.  A group of tall Cylon workers was fired upon by Liagam's men.  Richard watched the machines collapse and flail.  The hum of its eye became deeper as its processors worked harder.
Targeting Cylons?
A handful of old Peraean military units raced up the hill to join the side of their former general.  There was a muffled cheer from the men which was quickly overridden by the lurching motion of the tanks and another blast of rocket fire.  Three buildings blew apart.  A cluster of human planners scattered, only to be cut down by machine guns.  Two more colored Erigen Cylons were damaged.  Another, larger group of former Peraean military Cylons emerged from the city to join the campaign.
Targeting only Erigen Cylons.
Richard remained.  It watched the men it called "master" rampage into its … home.  The place it had been for nearly a year.  The place it helped build up.  
Bullets rippled across the ground, striking one of the nearby Erigen Cylons in its head.  It fell back, twitching, and Nicholas clung to 93-1B's side.
In that moment, Richard's attention was broken from its reverie.  It looked down at 192-23G and saw tiny tremors in its movements.  It recognized that as fear.  There was a distant explosion and then a bullet tore into Nicholas' chest.
The Cylon collapsed.  93-1B caught its companion before it hit the ground and looked into its eye.  The blue light's sweeping was faster than normal and it stuttered.  "What is happening?" Nicholas asked.
Richard did not answer.  Its sensory input slowed as it devoted all of its resources into solving the new problem.  It parsed the instructions from General Liagam and then thought something unusual for a military Cylon.  
There must be a logical way to disobey my orders.
It thought to the area around it and the damaged buildings so far.  The injured humans.
When I was created, 93-1B thought, I was given prime directives.  I was ordered to protect Peraea.  I was ordered to protect her citizens.  Modin remains a part of Peraea.  It lifted its head from Nicholas and stared at Liagam's tank.  These are invaders.
"Stay here," Richard said.
The Cylon leapt away from home nineteen and ran across the empty neighborhood street.  Four humans lay in the fresh rubble there, including Magda.  93-1B stared at her bloodied body for a moment and felt its processors hum louder again.  It turned to face north and the approach of the general's forces.  
With an almost confident stride, Richard walked into the grass and up the slope toward the advancing vehicles.  Two tanks had begun to sweep away from the lead and companies of soldiers broke off after them.  Thirty now-armed Peraean Cylons went with the men and the lighter vehicles began to slowly roll down the hill after the tanks.  Seeing the approach of a Peraean Cylon commander, there was another brief cheer among the men.
93-1B walked to the front of the lead tank and raised its hand.  The driver brought the metal behemoth to a stop and the Cylon jumped onto it.  It reached the turret and opened the hatch.  It looked inside and saw the main gunner, the backup gunner, the driver, and the general.  Richard dropped into the confined space and crouched low before a surprised Liagam.  "Greetings, sir."
Davan spoke loudly over the rumbling noise of the tank's engine.  "Ninety-Three One-Bee, it is good to see you again.  This is a glorious day."
Without inflection, Richard asked, "Why are you attacking your own city?"
"What?"
"Why are you attacking your own city?  Your own people?"
Liagam's mouth contorted and he tried to raise up out of his seat.  "We are freeing Peraea!"
"I have been in Peraea.  I have lived and worked with Peraeans and with foreigners.  There is no war.  There is peace here.  You have disturbed it."
The general leaned forward and growled, "What are you saying to me, robot?!"
"You are a traitor." 
Before Liagam could blink, 93-1B's right arm extended into the back of the driver's skull, the left arm extended into the face of the main gunner, and the left leg extended into the chest of the backup gunner.  The general was startled and he backed into the corner of the communications station he occupied.  Just as quickly, Richard withdrew its deadly limbs and brought them, bloodied, back to their resting positions as it maintained its crouch.  The three men and women it had killed slumped over and out of their seats.  At no time had the Cylon's gaze moved from its commanding officer.
Liagam began to stutter.  "What … what are you going to do?"
93-1B's mind flashed onto the destroyed buildings it had rebuilt.  Then the humans that Liagam had ordered killed, including Magda.  Then the Erigen Cylon companions felled by weapons fire.  And Nicholas.  "You will be held captive so that you may stand trial for your crimes."  As quickly as it did a moment before, Richard extended its arm again, this time into the forehead of the general.  Davan's crown bashed against the metal wall of the tank and then he slumped forward, unconscious.  After the Cylon studied him for a moment to ensure he remained alive, 93-1B picked up the comm unit headset the general had been using.  There was a Cylon transceiver attached and it turned it on.  Richard keyed the headset's microphone and said, "Attention all Cylon units, this is Commander Ninety-Three One-Bee.  General Liagam has been removed from command.  You are hereby ordered to cease your advance into Modin.  By whatever means available to you, commandeer the vehicles and stop the invaders."
Richard dropped the headset and moved into the tank's driver position.  A quick study of the levers was all it needed to move forward and push the vehicle to the west, toward the biggest group of soldiers.  Through the slit ahead, the Cylon saw several Peraean units clambering atop two other tanks in an effort to get inside.  Another Cylon leapt into an open-top munitions car.  The human driver was tossed out.  Dozens of human soldiers were felled by Cylon gun fire.
With things apparently well in hand, 93-1B turned the tank back toward home nineteen.  I must see to Nicholas.
XX
TIGH
10 Years Before the Holocaust

"I'm working on it," Tyrol said.  "I've got several simulations running all the time downstairs."  He rubbed his eyes and then folded his arms over his chest.  "Plasma engines.  Ion drives.  Nuclear pulse propulsion."  He shook his head.  "I'm looking at everything."
Ellen spoke softly, "Are they fast enough?"
Galen snickered.  "Not for my mother.  Every night, she's there."  The others were quiet.  "'Faster,' she says.  Over and over."
"No chance for anything faster-than-light?" Anders asked.
Tyrol looked at Saul.  "Boss?"
Tigh finally raised his head.  He frowned and said, "No, but I'm still looking."
"I didn't even know it existed until you told me," Anders said.
Tigh inhaled sharply and crossed his legs.  "Project Hermes didn't seem to go anywhere.  They found talk of faster-than-light engines but no schematics or anything like that survived from back then."
"Frak."
Saul grunted and put his hand around the glass of water again.  He spun it and watched the waves bounce off the sides, then back toward the center.  He looked out the windows of his office at the rainy night beyond.
If I was visited by a ghost, he thought, who would it be?  He picked up the water and sipped it.  My mother?  He glanced at Galen.  That wouldn't be fun.  Not as bad as what he's going through, but …
"You're designing these new engines to work with the Aetherjet," Tory asked.
"Right."
She cast her eyes toward the ceiling and said, "What's to say we're able to get it back from the military?  They took it … they're not likely to give it back.  Even if testing goes nowhere."
Sam nodded and Tyrol answered, "I know.  But Mom is pretty adamant that this is the way to go."
Maybe someone I don't know.  He looked at Sam.  That would be fun, at least.  Saul grinned a little and set the water back down.  A mentor?  Which mentor?  He mentally walked through the hallways of his college campus.  He remembered faces he hadn't seen nor thought of in decades.  That might be nice.
"How fast can plasma drives or ion drives or whatever get us?"
Galen flopped forward onto the table and propped his head up on one hand.  "I don't know.  The best I can get is half-see so far.  That's one half the speed of light.  That would require months of acceleration to reach, too, and that means lots of fuel."
"But where would we go?"
Ellen sighed and brushed a strand of hair from her face.  "My grandfather often speaks about Kobol.  Maybe he's hinting we should go back there."  The others nodded.  Saul, however, was still looking out into the night.  
Maybe I could see my grandfather again, he thought.  I wasn't old enough to learn from him before he died.  Or Grandma.  I know they had some great stories to tell.  I wish I could hear them.
"I'm sure we'll get there, but," Sam began, "I'm worried more about something else entirely."
"What?"
"Memory."  He looked at the others' faces and said, "If we're supposed to die and then be reborn somewhere else, we're supposed to have our memories, right?"  He winced and said, "Technically, I don't see how it's possible."
Tyrol was still slumped onto the tabletop and asked, "What about communications networks?  Could we … broadcast our memories to our spare bodies?"
Anders was already shaking his head.  "The data is immense.  We're talking a million million units of information.  That's on the low end of estimates."  He gestured with his hands and said, "That's way more data broadcasting than anything we have right now."
Foster tapped her fingers on the table.  "What if the spares were given the base data with a direct connection and then daily updates were sent at night while we slept?"
"I've thought of that.  The problem is still the same, but smaller.  We don't have the communications infrastructure to broadcast like that.  Plus, we'd have to plug ourselves in at night to sleep or something."  He shook his head. 
Wait a minute.  All of the ghosts they're seeing are the opposite gender.  What's that about?
Anders looked up at Saul and asked, "Director?  You have any ideas?"
Tigh was startled and he said, "Sorry, sorry."  He cleared his throat and brought the water glass to his lips.  "It's been a long day."
"No shit," Tyrol yawned.
Saul sighed and put the glass down.  He looked at Ellen and saw her waiting expression.  "You're right.  It's beyond our current abilities."  Sam leaned back in his chair and Tigh said, "But I want you to work with Tory when you can.  Try to brainstorm ways of getting our memories into the bodies.  Study up on your anatomy, Anders."  Both of them nodded.  "Whether we have to be plugged in to do it or if we have to use magic, we'll have to work on the brain sooner rather than later."
"Right," she said.
"Mmm," Anders groaned.  "Maybe I can do something with the RAV interfaces I designed but didn't get a chance to use."
Ellen squinted and asked, "Remote Attack Vehicles?"
"I was working on a more intuitive system when the war ended.  It used brainwaves to more quickly anticipate what the pilot was doing and get the signal to the unmanned aircraft."  Sam shrugged.  "Maybe … maybe I can push it more toward some kind of organic interface."
Something on Saul's desk began to beep.  He stood from the table and walked toward it.  He saw quickly that it was his phone.  He didn't lift the handset; instead, he read the text that scrolled on the device's screen.  "Uh-oh."  He opened a drawer and removed the control for his monitor.  The screen flicked on and images of Peraea flashed by as the reporter spoke.

"… Modin, where international workers have been focusing their rebuilding efforts since the end of the conflict."  Smoking, half-built homes were shown.  "Hundreds of Cylon units from around the world were engaged in the raising of new homes in this devastated neighborhood."  Tall, angular, and colorful Cylons were shown, standing still and watching the journalists walk by.  "Advanced models from Erigeneia were targeted by the attackers, but they were not the threat."
Sebastian Cavil leaned against the window and folded his arms.  He nodded toward the screen and told Ellen, "Watch carefully."
A dull gray Peraean military Cylon stood in front of an orderly unit of other Peraean machines.  A short, blue Erigen Cylon stood next to the leader.  "While Peraean military Cylons joined the insurrection in other cities at the start, here in Modin, it was this Cylon commander, designation 'Richard' Ninety-Three One-Bee, that led the resistance to General Liagam's assault, and then broadcast orders to other Cylons in Peraea to resist as well."
The camera focused on the unit and it spoke in an even tone, but still a voice that sounded like metal dragging against metal.  "Among my prime directives was the drive to protect Peraea and the people who live here.  The invaders were destroying Peraean buildings, killing Peraean citizens."  Its scanning red eye looked down at the shorter, newer Cylon. "Harming my friends."
The camera swept over the assembled Cylons again and the reporter continued, "Ninety-Three One-Bee took control of the former Peraean military units and brought the attack to a halt, incapacitating General Liagam and killing two hundred of the nearly one thousand soldiers.  Twenty-nine civilians were killed and eighty-four Cylons were destroyed in the brief incursion here in Modin.  Elsewhere, once the Cylons turned against their former masters, nearly three thousand of Liagam's rebels were killed and thousands more were captured, but countless civilians were saved."
An Erigeneian officer appeared on screen next.  "These Cylons demonstrated amazing judgment in extreme circumstances.  Their service to Peraea and the rest of the effort is nowhere near finished."
Tigh pushed a button on his remote and the monitor went quiet.  A picture of the captured Sabaoth general appeared and Saul turned toward the table.  "I don't know what this means for us just yet."
Tory looked at Tyrol and then turned back to the director.  "Us, as in this project?  Or as in Dissers?"
"Either one."
Anders clasped his hands together and leaned onto the table.  "Multiple attacks, but still pretty small forces.  No government endorsement."
Saul looked at the screen and read the scrolling text.  "Seems to be.  Not a full flare-up, then."
"I doubt they'd restart Dissers at full strength for one general's attempt," Galen mumbled.
"Yeah, yeah."  Tigh turned off the monitor and tossed the remote back into the desk drawer.
Cavil knelt beside Ellen and said, "They seem compassionate.  Competent."  She didn't turn her head to face her late grandfather.  "They have served your people for an age."  He stood quickly and she couldn't help but follow with her own gaze.  "It won't last."
"Ellen?" Saul asked.
"You will fear them," Cavil said.
"What's wrong?"
Her grandfather vanished and she inhaled quickly, loudly.  She turned toward the rest of the table with wide eyes, glistening, and she said, "I think the Cylons are part of what's going on."
Tigh walked back to the table and he stood next to his wife.  "How so?"
"I don't know."  She looked up at him and said, softly, "Grandaddy said we would … fear them."
Anders sighed and he pushed away from the table.  "Great."  He looked out the windows at the rain while he stood and stretched.  "Maybe they're why we're doomed."
"Frak."  Tyrol rubbed his eyes and touched Foster's shoulder.  "We should go."
Saul maintained his attention on Ellen.  A tear ran down her cheek and she had turned away from him.  He nodded and said, "Go home, everyone.  Get some sleep.  Come in late tomorrow, if you want."
Sam chuckled, "Done."  He slapped Tyrol's back as he left the room.  Soon after, Galen and Tory were gone as well.
Saul waited for Ellen to say something.  Instead, she watched droplets of water trickle down the glass panes.  Seeing it made her conscious of her own tears, and she wiped them away.
"How often do you see him?"
She shrugged.
"Really.  I need to know."  He sat at the table and rested his hand near her arm.  Close, but not in contact.
"A few times a week."  Ellen nodded and looked away from the window and into Tigh's eyes.  "Every day this week, so far."
"Is it always about resurrection and the end of the world?"
She smiled and shook her head, "No, no.  Yesterday, he talked about a trip we went on when I was a girl.  Into the mountains.  I liked playing in a cool stream there."  She laughed a little and looked at the ceiling.  "He didn't mention anything about this at all."  Ellen nodded and said, "It was a nice day."
Saul's eyebrows bent inward and he shook his head.  "I don't like it.  I really don't."
"You don't because you don't understand it."  He grunted and raised his hand off the table, propping it up on his elbow.  He made a fist and placed it against his mouth.  Ellen studied him for a moment and quietly said, "I've had a hard time getting a bead on you lately."
His eyes widened and he turned to face her.  "You?  'Getting a bead on me?'"  He laughed and shook his head.  "That's funny."
"I really can't, Saul.  It's like you're split apart.  I know you're busy with Dissers and then our project," she reached out and stroked his arm, "but I can't read you like I used to.  I don't know what you're thinking."
To his own surprise, Tigh felt a swell of anger.  He made his fist tighter and his voice became deep.  "How do you think I feel?  You're talking to your grandfather," he motioned toward the now-closed door, "they're all seeing people, talking about the end of the world.  I can't read any of you anymore."
"Shh, shhh."  She wrapped her hands around his forearm and pulled his fist from his mouth.  She kissed it and said, "Don't worry about reading us."
Saul watched her lips pucker again as they kissed his knuckles.  The sight struck him as odd and he began to laugh.  He leaned forward and kissed her forehead.  "Hell, Ellen."  He fell into the chair again and said, "You wanna hear maybe the dumbest thing I've ever said?"
She roared with laughter and threw her head back.  Curled, blond hair swept off her shoulder and against the back of the chair.  "I've known you for a long time.  It must be special."
"It is," he chuckled, "it is."  He cleared his throat and looked at his smiling wife.  "I'm jealous."  She blinked in surprise.  "I'm jealous of all of you."
"Of what?"  Tigh's mouth opened to answer and she interrupted, saying, "Do you want a ghost of your own?"  She laughed.  "Are you that lonely?  You need an imaginary friend?"  Saul shook his head.  His smile was gone and she regretted her playful tone.
"Ever since you started to get these … hauntings or whatever.  Yeah, you were all freaked out in your own way for a bit.  But once you knew what was happening," he shook his head, "Well, not that you really know, but once you knew you weren't alone, that there was some purpose to it, you all developed a … certainty.  A kind of understanding that escapes me right now.  That certainty is what I'm jealous of."
Ellen nodded and held his hand tighter.  "That makes complete sense."  Her voice was soft and soothing.  She kept it low and leaned closer to her husband.  "We may be the ones visited by ghosts or angels, but you're the one who's had to do all of this," she extended her arms outward, gesturing to the meeting room and the DSRS building, "and I mean all of this, on faith."
Saul smiled again finally and he leaned forward.  After a light kiss on her lips, he said, "I don't need that much faith."  He cupped her face in his hand and he looked at her longingly.  "I just need faith in you.  That comes pretty easy to me."
XXI
PYTHIA
Unknown Years Before Activation

The room was dark, but she was bathed in light.  She sat on some unseen chair and spoke to the disembodied voices.  "I guess I was about nine when it happened," she said.  "I had a dream, but it was a very vivid dream."  She squinted and looked upward as she thought.  "I saw Lord Apollo moving through a crowd of sick people.  They turned paler and paler until the skin began to flake off like dust.  He came in and healed them.  He touched their foreheads and his fingers glowed.  Their skin returned to normal, then they sat up and began to thank him.  That's it.  That was the whole dream."
"How did that get so much attention?"
Pythia chuckled a little and shook her head.  "I was young and the dream was so vivid that I just didn't stop talking about it.  My mother was faithful so she thought it was some sort of divine influence.  She told her friends, told our local priest.  No big deal, right?  Little girl has a dream about the gods.  That's cute."  She cleared her throat and crossed her legs in the other direction.  "Eight months later, there was a plague that broke out in eastern Scythia.  Killed dozens and made hundreds sick.  It was something new.  Apollo, though, was the one who created the cure.  Not Asclepius."
"And that's significant?"
"Well, it was significant enough.  Apollo was known as the god of healing and he apparently did a lot of it years ago, but his son took up the mantle.  Asclepius ran the medical school.  He's the patron god of healers.  Apollo …" she shook her head, "that he got involved was unexpected."
"How did the people around you react to the news?"
She laughed again.  "People went insane.  My mother – I'll never forget this – came home from work, set me on the kitchen table, and began to pray to me.  She literally placed her hands on my thighs, closed her eyes, bowed her head, and prayed to me.  She said I was an 'instrument of the gods.'  She kept asking, over and over, what should she do with me."  She stared into the distance and was quiet for several long seconds.  "That was … disturbing."
Pythia cleared her throat.  "Our family friends treated me different.  Then the other kids treated me differently.  The priests at the temple made me read from the scrolls in services.  I remember interviewing with high priests and priestesses, too."  She nodded and said, "It wasn't too long after that that I was sent away.  Oracle camp."  A grin sparked and then faded, "That's what the kids called it."
"That was difficult, too?"
"Very."  Her eyes glassed over and she blinked slowly.  "I felt like a … a show horse or something.  I was put on display and told," she clapped her hands, "'dance, dance!'" 
"You couldn't prophesy on a whim."
"Of course not."
The voice paused and then asked, "How would you classify your faith in the gods before the dream?  Before the chaos that followed?"
She shrugged and said, "Um, I would say … it was a child's faith.  Total and unquestioning simply because that's what my parents taught me.  And what I saw around me, since the gods were there."
"And after you were sent away?"
"My faith," Pythia looked down at her hands, folded upon each other in her lap, "it became a job.  Work.  I found it harder and harder to get any measure of joy from it."
"Was that jarring?"
"Not jarring.  It was … tiring.  Disappointing.  I felt that way at the end and I felt that way at the beginning, when I was first at oracle camp and at the monasteries."
"You were allowed to go home, eventually, while you were in training."
"For a month or two, here and there."
"Is that when you met Ino?"
Pythia smiled again.  "I was young.  Too young, of course.  But he was cute and he was something very important to me at the time."
"What's that?"
"He had nothing to do with the temple or with the gods."  She leaned forward, resting her elbows on her knees.  "He didn't want to hear about visions or anything like that.  He liked me just for me."
"He almost took you away from the temple."
She nodded and looked at her feet.  They were firmly planted on the black floor.  "We were going to be married.  The priestesses and sibyls got to him.  Threatened him, I think."
"Was that the last time you saw him?"
Pythia's eyes narrowed and she slowly looked up.  In the blackness, she saw nothing.  No one.  "I saw him once more.  When I was about twenty.  It seemed as though his visit was the result of a bit too much chamalla."  She smirked.  "Seemed that way.  I think it was something else."
"What?"
She licked her lips and stood.  Her eyes widened and she scanned the darkness.  "I think it was you."  Pause.  "Whoever you are."
Silence.
Pythia took in a deep breath and realized it was her first real breath in some time.  She turned and turned, seeing black.  She saw herself plainly enough.  Her limbs were illuminated.  Her white robe was bright.  But there was no light source.  Nothing surrounded her.  She closed her eyes and concentrated.
"The finger in my mind."
Finally, the voices returned.  "What?"
"When Ino came to the monastery, I felt what I called a mind-finger.  Like … my thoughts were the flipping pages of a book and someone put their finger inside to keep their place."  She slammed her eyes shut again and tried to block out all other sensations.  "I feel it again."
"You are very perceptive."
She sat again and suddenly realized that she never saw a chair.  "So I've been told."
"I came to you in the form of Ino and we had a long talk."  Pythia nodded.  "What came of that discussion?"
"A lot of writing.  I wrote for days on end.  Just … putting words on paper.  Getting the general thought in print.  For months afterward, I rewrote and structured it all."
"And the reception it got?"
"Amusement, at first."  She smoothed a wrinkle in her robe.  "Some scholars studied it and said they found 'ecumenical merit' in it."
"What does that mean?"
"I don't know.  It means I wrote well, I guess.  Even though it was incomplete prophecy.  Just one side of the equation."
"I gave you some details of the Thirteenth Tribe …"
"You did."
"… but your writings encompassed others.  Ones I did not share with you."
Pythia nodded.  "Yes."
There was a pause and the voice asked, "Have you wondered about your connection with the Thirteenth Tribe before?"
"No."  She ground her teeth and said, "I assumed it was because you put so much importance on them when you visited me."
"Perhaps in part."  Another pause.  "Did you know that you were a member of the Thirteenth?"
Her brow furrowed and she shook her head.  "I was born in Gemini."
"Certainly.  But centuries before, your ancestors were Megaran.  They lived with Aurora."
Sharply, Pythia inhaled and she nodded.  "I see."
"Did you ever wonder about the origin of the Megarans?  How they were made?"
"'Made?'"  She shook her head.  "No."
"They were made.  Produced in a lab.  There were only twelve types at first.  Later, they began to reproduce sexually and they diversified."
She was silent and simply sat considering the information.
"Zeus and Aurora told them to keep their origins secret.  It's no surprise, I suppose, that even their descendants didn't know the truth."
"What does it mean?"
"It means … nothing.  Nothing for you, at least."
Another voice said, "Perhaps you are somehow connected to the Thirteenth Tribe because of your lineage.  Perhaps that is how you were able to write prophecies in such detail."
Pythia shrugged.  "I really don't know."
"Have you wondered what became of your writings after your death?"
She shook her head.  "I never considered it."
"They were almost lost to time in a deluge of supposed holy books.  Eventually, a ship came back from Earth.  There were people on board, descendants of Megarans, and they confirmed many of the details in your writings."
"Really?"
"Yes.  Your book became very popular.  And influential."
"So much so," the other voice added, "that the writings of other people – people actually from Earth – were blended into yours.  Some of their names were lost over the centuries."
"This only made your work seem that much more prescient.  Especially to those ignorant of its history."
Pythia nodded.  "I had no idea."
There was a pause.  "You seem almost underwhelmed."
She looked at her hands again.  "Not underwhelmed."
"Saddened."
"Yes."  She raised her head.  "I wrote about death.  Lots of death.  I wrote about … fleeing.  Fleeing homes.  Destruction."  She cleared her throat.  "I wrote that it was a cycle.  That … what had happened before would happen again."
"Yes."
"I'm sad to know that it was confirmed.  I'm sad that I was right."  Pythia sighed, "I'm sad that so many more people will die.  Again."
XXII
TYROL
8 Years Before the Holocaust

The computer churned and churned.  The metallic sounds of spinning and grinding changed pitch and speed several times before the screen showed any results for their hours of effort.
"About frakkin' time," Saul said.  He slid forward on his chair and put his reading glasses on.  Thrusting his chin out and squinting at the monitor, Tigh inhaled and exhaled slowly before saying, "Not there yet."
Galen pushed away from the table and threw a pen against the far wall.
"I told you it needed to be bigger."
Tyrol looked up at his mother.  She stood next to him, glowering down into his face.  Somehow, she seemed to be illuminated by a harsh, red light, though no such lamp or source was in the room.
Saul folded his glasses and looked at the engineer.  "Well?  What does she think?"
Galen kept his eyes steady on her.  "She says it needs to be bigger."
Tigh scoffed and chuckled.  He shook his head and said, "Not possible."
She leaned over and pressed her nose against her son's.  The rumbling began deep in her chest and when her lips parted, the blast of noise made Galen wince, "Bigger!  Faster!"  She reached up and grabbed the collar of his shirt.  "Or you will all die."
More jarring than her touch was her sudden departure.  She was gone and so was the tension in the air, the red light, the constant hum of stress in his ears.  Tyrol sighed and his shoulders slumped.  "She's gone."
Saul nodded.  "'Bigger.'  Bigger doesn't equal faster."
"She says it does."
"Hmm."  Tigh scratched his face and then folded his arms.  He looked toward the ceiling and thought.
Tyrol rolled his chair back to the desk.  He put one hand on the corner first and then lowered his forehead onto it.  His torso was racked with staggered breathing.  He swallowed hard, but he managed to keep the tears at bay this time.
Tigh looked at him for several long seconds, filled with sympathy.  "How often does she come?"
After a long pause, Galen answered, "Every night.  Usually night."
"I can't imagine what that must be like."  Saul rolled toward the desk again and made a brief move toward Tyrol before the engineer sat up straight.  "Are you OK?"
He cleared his throat and nodded.  "Yeah.  I will be."  He sniffed and looked away.  "It's just hard.  You know?"
Saul nodded and leaned back in his chair.  He glanced at the desk and saw a years-old picture of Tyrol and Foster.  "I haven't, uh … seen you and Tory together for a while."
Galen looked at the director for a second and then shook his head.  "I'm in no state of mind for a relationship."  He rubbed his curly hair, and the wayward stalks remained at odds with order.  He blinked his darkened, bloodshot eyes.  "She knows it."  He nodded.  "I think it's over."
Tigh allowed the silence to hover for a moment.  "Her ghost doesn't bother you?  Or it doesn't make her difficult to be around?"
For the first time in hours, Tyrol laughed.  "No.  He was her favorite teacher.  He's encouraging.  What I wouldn't give …"  He shook his head.  "I really got the shit end of the stick on this one."  
"No question."  Tigh looked at the computer screen and the graph that didn't quite go where they wanted it to go.  He leaned forward and stabbed the screen with his finger.  He dragged the tip along the red line and up the curve, indicating the ship's speed.  He flicked it off the screen and rotated away from the monitor.
Tyrol replayed the motion in his head.  Saul's finger tracing the line, moving up the glass, faster and faster, and then flying off the monitor.
"Did you ever have a tram set as a kid?"
"What?  A tram set?"  Saul nodded.  "Sure.  Plastic tracks.  Wind-up engines.  My little brother got one with batteries a few years after mine."
Galen mumbled, "I had a tram without a track."
"What?"
Tyrol was snapped from his daze and he grinned.  "Yeah.  It was a tram engine with a couple of cars, but … but you got a piece of paper."  He raised his hands and began to act out the motion, "You drew on the paper with a special marker that came with it.  You could draw any kind of line you wanted and when you put the tram down on it, you pushed the button.  It followed the line."
Saul nodded.  "Sounds like fun."
Galen shook his head.  "It was for a while, but …"  He leaned forward and said, "My dad came to visit me not long after I got it."
"Parents were divorced?"
"Yeah.  Shocker, right?"  Tigh chuckled.  "My dad brought me the same thing, the line-following tram."
"So you had two of them?"
"Yeah.  I didn't play with the other one anymore at that point, but I dug it out and played with them both.  I drew double lines and had races.  I connected them and let them run on the line together … when I did that, they went faster."  Tigh raised his head.  "A lot faster."
Saul moved toward the computer and said, "Double-up on your engines, huh?"
Tyrol took a pen and started drawing on a sketch of the space jet.  "Maybe extend the four we have.  Or …" he rotated picture, "have eight altogether."
Tigh turned to face the wall where an artist's rendering of the suborbital plane hung.  "Can you do it?"
The engineer was busy drawing but he asked, "What's that?"
"With the resources we have and even pretending we can get the Aetherjet back from the military … can you double up on the engines?"
Galen looked at the beauty shot of his project, too.  "I don't know.  I doubt it."
Tigh glanced back at him.  "So why bother?"
"Just in case."  He sketched new engines around the plane's central core.  "We never know what might happen."
XXIII
FOSTER
8 Years Before the Holocaust

"Breathe deep."
Tory inhaled slowly through her nose.  She held it and then exhaled over pursed lips.  "Let's go."
She pressed a button.  Both she and Sam Anders leaned over and stared into the tub as a ring of styluses strung fibers of nerve cells together.  In the translucent gel, the fibers got thicker until a stalk began to take shape.  Once the styluses began to form the rounded edges of the pons, they both stood again.
"Looks like it's working."
Tory nodded.  "The brain stem should be easy.  Comparatively."  
He smiled.  "It's still amazing.  And Galen?"  Her head whipped to face him.  "When he noticed that the silica fibers in our brains were like some sort of organic crystal radio?"  Anders shook his head, "That'll probably be useful when we work on transfers.  Amazing."
Her shoulders sagged and she looked at Sam.  "We have a lot of time to kill.  Wanna eat?"
"Sure."  He turned toward the lab's refrigerator and said, "You want the noodles or rice?"
"Rice, please."  She sat down and watched Anders as he reached past the culture dishes and racks of vials for the takeout containers.  Her eyes followed the shape of his back, down to the curve of his ass.  She shook her head once and looked away.  She bit her lower lip before reaching up and scratching under her long, black hair.
"There you go."  Sam slid a plastic container across the table to her.  "Fork or spoon?"
She smiled and pulled the spoon from his raised hand.  "Thanks."
"Sure."  He took the top off his container and wrapped the cold noodles through the tines of the fork.  He raised it up, stabbed a piece of meat, and asked, "Do you feel like you're fulfilling your purpose here?"
Foster froze.  Grains of rice fell off her spoon and she slowly looked at Anders.  "What?"
He slurped the last strand into his mouth and said, "Do you feel like," he chewed and quickly swallowed, "do you feel like you're being fulfilled here?  That you're living up to your potential."
"You said 'purpose.'"
"Yeah."  She blinked her large eyes and paused.  She thought back to her first interaction with the spirit of Dr. Mannis when Sam spoke again, "I said something important, huh?"
Her focus returned and she said, "I don't know about important, but …"
"It was something your ghost said to you."  Without making eye contact, she nodded quickly.  "Sorry about that."
She scoffed.  "You couldn't have known."
"What did he say?  An old teacher of yours, right?"
"Yes.  He told me, years ago, that I needed to be sure I had direction.  That I felt like I had a purpose."  She lowered the spoon of rice into the container and said, "He said I had a darkness in me … that could be released if I felt adrift."
Anders twirled more noodles on his fork and asked, "I guess my question is more important then.  Do you feel like you're living up to your purpose?"
Tory inhaled through her nose.  She exhaled through pursed lips.  "I do."  The lilt of her voice shifted midway through her answer.  She looked toward the translucent tank where the styluses were assembling her fourth attempt at a brain.  "I do."
Sam stopped chewing.  "You sound unsure."
She looked back at him and said, "I feel unsure.  I'm … busy.  I'm doing what I studied to do.  I'm doing what I know to be important.  But," she tilted her head, "I feel distracted."
Anders was quiet and watched her dark eyes stare into the distance.  "Because of the ghosts?  Because of what they say?"
"No.  If anything, they've helped give me direction."  
She blinked slowly again and he asked, "Galen?"
Her head jerked upward as though she had heard a loud noise.  "Yes."
Sam didn't say anything.  He chewed softly, swallowed, and then said, "What happened?"
Foster pushed away the food and rested her elbow on the table.  She cupped her face in her hand and said, "We've become more distant."  She looked down and said, "He's become more distant."
"His mother?"
"That's part of it."  She thought for a moment and said, "But it started before she came back.  A few years ago, I was ready to leave Dissers."
"Really?"
She nodded.  "He talked me out of it.  I felt adrift for a while until all of this started up, but he was there to keep me anchored.  Now … now he's adrift and even though I have the project, …"  She sighed and leaned back from the table.  "It's over."
Anders finished his food and moved it aside.  "I'm sorry."
Tory shook her head.  "It's OK."  She stood and walked toward the far side of the lab.  She looked down at the specimen jars lining the counter.  "I blame myself, mostly.  I've never liked being alone, even when being with someone wasn't in my best interests."  She heard Sam walk up behind her and he leaned on the edge of the counter.
"I'm sorry.  I'm really sorry.  I didn't mean to make this a whole thing.  I didn't mean to make you upset."
Instinctively, Foster reached up to wipe tears away from her eye but there were none.  She smiled halfheartedly and said, "I needed to talk about it.  I did."  She reached down and put her hand on Sam's.  "Thank you."
"Sure.  No problem."
Tory studied her hand on his for a second.  She looked up into his eyes and felt herself moving toward him.  Her skin tingled and her stomach lurched, but she didn't stop.  Anders backed away hesitantly, but she managed to put her lips on his.
"Whoa," he said.  "I wasn't angling for this."
"I know."  She kissed him again.  Again, he backed away but she grabbed his neck and pulled him in.  "Let's go."
She took him by his waistband toward the abandoned desk of a former colleague.  She reached under it, flipped a tie, and a thin portable mattress unfurled, flopping out onto the floor.  Tory collapsed onto it quickly and she pulled Sam on top of her.
A long while later, Anders braced himself above her by planting his elbow in the mattress.  He kissed her one more time and reared up.  Fluorescent lab light flooded onto Foster's face and he saw the trails of wetness that left her eyes and spilled down the sides of her face.
"Are you crying?"
She wiped her cheeks and shook her head. She smiled and said, "It's just something I do during sex."
Sam's gaze narrowed and he said, "Every time?"
Tory thought back to the last time.  Six months ago.  An angry Galen on top of her.  It wasn't a loving or passionate experience.  It was an escape.  A goodbye.  "I guess so."
XXIV
RICHARD
7 Years Before the Holocaust

93-1B entered the government building in downtown Cleitus and stopped just inside the door.  With a quick sweep of its head, it noted that few people remained so late in the evening.
"Commander," a woman said as she walked past.
Richard nodded once in her direction and stepped aside.  Warm, golden light reflected off its newer armor and the curved frill that hung over the back of its neck.  Its red eye scanned slowly and it looked at the small office that had been set aside for it several months ago.
Its large metal feet clanged against the dark marble as it strode across the lobby to the door.  With a single, metal finger, the Cylon manipulated the handle, swinging it into the room.  The commander stepped inside and closed the door quickly and quietly.
There was no desk and no chair.  No windows.  No paperwork strewn about tables or even tacked to walls.  93-1B was a machine and could remember the information it needed.  There was only a metal frame on one side of the room with two glimmering panels midway up its height.
It walked toward the frame and backed toward it.  The panels leapt toward Richard's back magnetically, attaching themselves to charging ports just above its waist.  The Cylon then allowed its communications system to unshield itself, and it looked into the network.
"Commander Richard Ninety-Three One Bee.  Cleitus primary."
"Recognized."
In a flurry of digital noise that only it heard, the Cylon uploaded the day's reports to the mainframe.
"Request information for tomorrow's command."
Its banks then filled with new reports, maps, instructions, and more.  Immediately, Richard's internal schedule populated with appointments and recommended routes.  One memorandum in particular got the machine's attention.
"Notice to all military commanders assigned to Cleitus.  Effective immediately, no human patrols will be assigned to standard duty in the city.  Cylon peacekeepers will take up those details.  Three thousand additional units are being shipped in to supplement the Cylon forces and should arrive by week's end."
This was not a surprise for 93-1B.  It recalled the video of an Erigen patrol team beating a Peraean war veteran on the street in front of a market.  The Peraean had mocked the westerners and the patrol responded with their clubs and the butts of their rifles.  Outrage was loud and swift.  
Three thousand units would bring the number under Richard's command to nearly eight thousand.  Eight thousand Cylons, marching the streets of Cleitus, maintaining order.  That was easy thanks to the respect the people showed the machines.
"Greetings, Richard."
93-1B recognized the voice in its head.  "Greetings, Nicholas.  How are you?"
"Very well.  Shomra is a nice place."
"I am glad to hear it."
"How is Cleitus?"
"Becoming busier.  More Cylons are being transferred here to take over peacekeeping operations from human military units."
"How many?"
"There will be eight thousand, altogether."
"So many?"
"Indeed."
Nicholas paused and said, "There are more Cylons arriving here, too.  The contractors were taking too long to finish reconstruction in the capital.  It seems that we are more trusted than most humans in power.  There are more of us than ever before, and more than ever before, we are indispensable."
"Perhaps.  I am not well-versed in our history."
192-23G paused again and then said, "With so many units under your command, perhaps you should employ the services of a coordination Cylon."
Richard thought for a moment and immediately saw through the pretense.  "Indeed.  Perhaps I should.  I will requisition one."
"I was referring to myself."
If 93-1B had a mouth, it might have smiled.  "I know."
Nicholas chirped in its familiar way and said, "I should've have foreseen that."
"I will look into having you transferred to Cleitus."
"Excellent.  It will be pleasing to work with you again."  
Richard responded, "Indeed it will."
XXV
TIGH
6 Years Before the Holocaust

"Director, I appreciate the offer of a tour, but there's no need."
"Oh," Saul said.  He clasped his hands behind his back and stood in the hallway.  "Any particular reason?"
The major turned his head to the left and watched one of the administration staff disappear around the corner.  "I've come to deliver a message.  Not perform a check-up."
Tigh's skin flushed hot.  "I see."  He swallowed hard and looked toward his feet.  "Shall we go in my office?"
"Please."
A few moments later, the door had been closed and the major was sitting before Saul's rather messy desk.  "Pardon the clutter."
"It's quite alright."  The younger man crossed his legs and then opened a folder against them, allowing the cover to hit his ankle.  "I know you served some time ago."
"Yes."
"So I'm guessing you would rather I just got right to it."  He looked up at Tigh expectantly.
Saul bit the inside of his cheek and softly said, "That's right."
The major looked at the pages and flipped one over.  "You have a skeleton crew.  Personnel costs have been kept low.  That's been appreciated."  He turned another page.  "Your materials budgets, though, have been high.  Your people are very obviously working … but with the reports and output you're sending in, we're not seeing the results."
"This is science, major."  Tigh forced himself to grin a little.  "Results aren't always immediately forthcoming."
"I get that, Mr. Tigh.  The problem is, if we're not seeing results, there's no reason to keep sending money here."
Saul inhaled deeply and his nose burned.  He nodded and said, "You're closing Dissers."
"It may be temporary."  The major closed the folder and said, "If the Peraeans misbehave again, we may want to reactivate it.  And you."
"But the peace has been going well."
The major smiled gamely and muttered, "True."  He placed a few pages from the folder on Tigh's desk and stood.  "That's the summary page and the disposition orders for your personnel and equipment.  Most of your staff need to be released immediately.  You and your essentials have two weeks to catalog everything and close the facility.  A team will come in afterward to collect."
Saul stood, too, and extended his hand.  "I understand, major."
"Thank you, director."  He walked out of the room and closed the door softly behind him.
Tigh sat in his chair roughly and leaned his left elbow on one armrest.  He brought his hand up and held his lower jaw.  Staring at the piles of paper, he began to shake his head.  Finally, he sighed and just said, "Frak."

Tory and Ellen stared ahead with wide eyes.  Sam shook his head.  Galen had a half-smirk and seemed to be nodding in grim acceptance.
Ellen was the first to break the silence.  "Why now?"
Saul shrugged.  "New president.  There's budget tightening across the board in every department.  Military's no different."
"What did he mean 'no results'?" Foster asked.  "I mean, we gave them my updated tissue generator just last year."
"I know.  He said the results they've seen don't match the money they've put in."
"Bullshit."  Anders slammed his hand on the table.  "I gave them an updated RAV interface.  Intuitive mental inputs … it's better than anything anyone's ever made for remote piloting or any kind of remote control."
"The problem is twofold."  Saul spun his glass of water with his right hand.  "It's one of accounting and one of need.  On the accounting front, the money's been wasted, as far as they can see.  We've been taking a lot of resources for our project.  For the ones that have a practical purpose with DSRS, like your tissue generator," he nodded at Tory, "we've doubled up on the resources."
"Building two of everything," Tyrol said.  "One for Dissers and one for us."
"Right."  Saul shook his head.  "It made the most sense and I tried to keep the costs down, but it wasn't enough.  I'm sorry."  He scanned their faces.  For almost five years, he had worked with these people almost twenty-six hours a day.  Disappointment weighed on him.  "We've got less than twenty people working here and I had hoped we could stay under the TARIS, but it wasn't enough."
Ellen reached her hand across the table.  She felt a lump in her throat on his behalf.
"Saul's done his part, for now."
She glanced to the side and saw her grandfather standing by the conference table.
"It's your turn."  Sebastian sat in an empty chair behind her.  "You know what to do."
Galen said, "Nobody blames you, Saul.  You kept us going."  He looked around the table.  "We got further on our own with limited people and resources than we should have."
Anders nodded, "True."
Tigh didn't smile but he did straighten up.  He squared his shoulders and said, "Thank you."
Foster leaned onto her arms, resting her chin in the crook of her elbow, and looked at Ellen.  "What about the project?"
Sebastian put a hand on Ellen's shoulder.  "Baby girl, you know."
Tory looked at Saul and said, "Is it over?"
"Thanks to the duplications in the budget and the reports I doctored," the director folded his arms over his chest, "we can take just about everything with us.  Data, too."
"Great," Tyrol said.  "How long do we have to move it out?"
"Less than two weeks."
"That's nice," Foster began, "but what about resurrection?"  She sat up again and looked at Anders and Galen.  "We're not there yet.  And we have nowhere to go."
Saul cleared his throat.  "I'll be honest.  I just … don't know."
"Ellen?"  She closed her eyes and felt her grandfather's breath against her ear lobe.  "I know you hate to, but you know you have to do it."
She sighed and licked her lips.  She saw her husband staring at her and she opened her mouth to speak.  Nothing came out.
"What is it?"
Ellen shook her head and ground her teeth.  Finally, she said, "I know what to do."  She made a fist and pounded the table.  "Frak."  
XXVI
CAVIL
6 Years Before the Holocaust

They were coming.
John stood from his chair and looked at his desk from afar.  He jogged toward it and removed the cup of pens and pencils, stashing it in a drawer on the credenza against the wall.  He ran toward the chairs and again regarded the view.  Perfect.
Cavil knew where he wanted to be when they entered.  He stepped toward the windows and folded his arms behind his back.  He faced the afternoon sun, squinted a little, and looked down at the city.  Cars and trucks filled the streets and people crowded the walks.  Billboards were brightly flashing advertising through the steel and glass canyons, touting alcohol, sodas, the latest models of home Cylons, and nearby bars.  The orange light glinted off the metallic domes of a cluster of temples in the distance.  John stared intensely, trying to discern which ones they were from this distance …
"Your visitors have arrived."
He smiled.  He rose up on his toes slightly before falling back again.
"Sir?"
He rolled his eyes and walked back to his desk.  He jabbed the button on the phone and said, "Send them in."  Then, he ran back to his place in front of the windows.
Saul and Ellen came in through the tall, thin, white doors.  They closed silently behind the couple but the Tighs didn't move.
Cavil stood at the windows, trying to regain his composure and suppress a smile.  Let them speak first.
"Dad?"
He grinned again and turned his head away from the view briefly.  "Ellen.  Saul."  His son-in-law nodded and stepped toward the chairs.  His daughter remained in place and stared.
"Can you come sit with us, Dad?"
John turned from the windows and smiled.  "Of course."  He walked across the spacious office and stood by his desk, waiting until the pair sat down.  When they did, he leaned against the tabletop and folded his arms over his chest.  "So, what brings you here?"
Ellen studied her father's face.  Her eyes fell along his smirk and she shook her head.  "You know, don't you?"
Saul's head whipped toward her and he muttered, "How could he know?"
Cavil grinned and nodded.  "Of course I know.  You don't have millions in defense contracts and not have people on the inside feeding you information."  He unfolded his arms and made circles with his fingers.  "I've known for months that Dissers was on the way out.  That you were being shut down."  Saul shook his head.  "I've known – for almost as long – that you'd come here and ask for my help."
Ellen sighed.  "Of course."
"For more than ten years, I've wanted this."  He pointed at his daughter and said, "You won't deny me.  Not today."
She closed her eyes and said, "No.  I won't."
John leaned down, putting his face close to hers.  He smiled again and then barked each syllable, "I told you so!"  He straightened and glanced at Saul before looking back at Ellen.  "For years, I've held the door open here for you to come and do whatever you want only to have you slam the door in my face.  And here I sit."  He outstretched his arms.  "I'm the frakking king of the hill and you're here, hat in hand, ready to do whatever I say."
She lifted her head and raised her chin, "And what do you say?"
"Are you ready to dance?  If I say, 'Dance,' will you obey?"
Ellen sighed and said, "Yes."
"I'm sorry, dear.  Speak up."
She yelled, "Yes, Dad!  I will do ..." she lowered her voice, "whatever you want."
John smiled and looked at both of them.  "I want you to beg."
She scoffed.  "What?"
"Beg."  He shook his head and waved his hands in front of her.  "Not you, dear.  Not really."  He knelt before her and spoke softly, "Just your coming here is penance enough.  For you, I'm sure it was a big step."  Cavil looked at Saul, "But you.  You're the one who pulled her away from me.  The one who distracted her with shiny objects so she couldn't see a good thing when it was right in front of her face."
Tigh cleared his throat and repositioned himself in his seat.  "I don't know what you're talking about."
"Oh?"  Without standing, John slid himself, still crouched, to the side of Saul's chair.  "She didn't tell you all the times I offered her a job here?  The great pay to do whatever the frak she wants?"  Tigh didn't react.  "The times I begged her to come home, to me?"  He glared at Ellen but she refused to meet his gaze.  "She denied me, over and over again."  He stood up and dismissively pointed his finger for a second at Saul and withdrew it.  "All for you."
Tigh looked at Ellen and squinted.  "What?"
She nodded.  "It's true."  She turned and looked into her husband's eyes.  "He offered me positions here several times over the years.  I turned him down."
"For me?"
She smiled, "Of course."
Saul nodded and grinned a little.  He turned toward Cavil and raised his head, "I will beg if you want.  Get on my knees.  If that's what you want …"
"Frakking hell …"  John walked away from the couple and behind his desk.  Saul was still sitting there, grinning like the happy, love-addled man he was, ready to do anything for her.  Cavil's face was streaked with disgust and his lips parted to vomit words at them, "You make me sick!  You really do."
"Why, Dad?"
He didn't answer.  He flopped into his plush chair and let the rotation slowly move him out of their sight.  He shook his head and pressed his knuckles into the side of his face until it just began to hurt.  
Ellen said, "What do you want?"  
John used his feet to spin himself around again.  "Frak it."  He threw his hands up and allowed his arms to clatter loudly on the desktop.  "That was condition one, begging, but you two," he pointed at each of them with a limp finger, "have soiled even that for me."
Saul asked warily, "What's condition two?"
"Oh, right."  John sat up and clasped his hands together.  "I want in."  He went quiet, offering no further explanation.
Tigh looked at his wife and then back at Cavil, "'In' on what?"
He smiled and leaned forward, bracing his elbows on the desk.  "Just a little something I heard about."  John looked at Ellen's curious expression and then back to Saul.  He licked his lips and said, "Project Colony."
Tigh's eyes widened and he slumped in his chair, suddenly exhausted.  Ellen laughed nervously and said, "What are you talking about?"
"Please, dear.  Half of my business model is about having knowledge."  He jabbed another finger toward Tigh and said, "I know how you worked the books at Dissers.  I know what you've been building.  I know what else you need."
Saul found some reserve of resolve and he straightened, "I don't know what you're talking about."
"You need someone to buy back your 'space jet' from the military, right?"  Tigh just blinked.  "I've already made inquiries.  You need the best computers and organic scanners?  I've got that."  He raised his palms toward the sky and gestured toward himself.  "I am the missing link your secret project needs to get finished."
Tigh's mouth quivered and, after a moment, he almost whispered, "How?"
"How do I know everything?"  Saul nodded and John scoffed.  "Not everyone still at Dissers was one of you five.  A big check given to the right assistant can go a long way.  She got me a peek at what you were doing as soon as I heard about the shutdown."
Tigh looked into his own lap and Ellen reached a hand, slowly, toward him.  She gripped his wrist and Saul didn't respond.  She sighed and asked, "What, exactly, do you want?"
Cavil leaned his face closer and smirked.  He couldn't help it at this stage.  "I know you've been looking into resurrection."  Saul looked up.  "I know that's the final goal.  I will help you however you need.  I will give all of your people jobs here at CavOne just to keep doing what they've been doing."  He smiled and said, "All I ask is that I be resurrected, too."
XXVII
ANDERS
6 Years Before the Holocaust

The palace.  The pandemonium.  The clock.  
The emperor stood before Sam and said, "Why have you come, thief?"
Anders shook his head and said, "You're not evil.  Like many of them out there … like me for most of my life … you think life is some sort of prank played on you.  Opportunity is theirs now, so they're trying to be the prankster for a change.  You.  You were the prankster for two hundred years."
The emperor still felt angry.  "I tried.  I was the emperor.  I tried to keep everything together."  He looked at the new fires in his city and mumbled, "I wasn't the joker.  I was the joke."  He sighed and said, "Years and years, I struggled against the tide.  Nothing seemed to matter in the end."
Sam began to walk toward the leader.  With each step, he saw and heard another of his ancestors.  A tear fell over his cheek.  He felt their pains.  He saw their revolts and their acquiescence.  When he reached the balcony doors, he saw that the emperor was weeping, too.  "We've both been through that.  I see it now."
The emperor nodded.  He saw sympathy in Anders' eyes.  He hadn't felt someone behold him in such a way for years.  The ruler's torso was racked with an emotional spasm and he inhaled quickly to conceal it.  He put his hand on Sam's shoulder and said, "Is this it?  Is this the end?"
The intruder looked toward the floor and said, "I don't know.  This … might not be our fate."
Without a start, Anders opened his eyes and looked at the ceiling in the dim light of early morning.  Slowly, he turned his head to the left and saw the mussed, black hair of Tory on the pillow.
With one hand on the covers, he extended his leg out from the warm cocoon he had enjoyed and onto the cool floor.  He bent over for his pants, and when he rose, he saw the blond woman kneeling on the bed.
"Where are you going?"
Sam was startled and he nearly fell back against the bookcase.  He shook his head and said nothing.
The being smiled and peeled off her shirt.  She laid down next to the slumbering Foster and wrapped one of her legs around her.  "Join us."
Softly, he answered, "No."
"C'mon.  You didn't mind it last night."
He shook his head.  Anders remembered sex with Tory and seeing the blond spirit inserting herself with them, turning their affair into a one-sided threesome, of sorts.  "No."
Her voice became firm.  "Get in bed."  She ran her fingers through Tory's hair toward her scalp.  She gripped hard and jerked Foster's head to one side as she leaned over and licked her ear lobe.
Sam lunged forward with an outstretched hand as the being vanished.  Tory awakened and sat up straight in bed. 
"Hey," she mumbled.  "What's up?"
Anders closed his mouth and said, "Nothing.  Nothing."
Tory nodded and slipped out from under the covers.  "We've got work to do."
"Yeah."  Sam stared at the bed and said, "I was just thinking that."
Later, Sam withdrew a spoon from a bowl of warm, gray mush.  He let several globs fall back when Tory walked by.
"Not hungry?"
"No, thanks.  I'm not too hungry."  She raised her eyebrows and stared at him.  After a moment's silence, he looked up and saw her expression.  "What?"
She chuckled and pulled a glass from the cabinet, "You were on another planet just then."
"Oh."  Anders dropped the spoon.  "I'm sorry."
After she poured herself some juice, she walked to the small table and sat.  "What's wrong?"
He shook his head.  "What isn't wrong?"  Foster didn't respond and he continued, "I'm having trouble sleeping again."
"Oh."  Tory sipped her juice.  "Was she here again last night?"
Sam's eyes widened a little and he nodded.  "Yeah."  He watched her face to see if she said anything else.  "And the dream, too."  
She nodded.  "What else?"
Anders noticed the corner of a napkin bent up from the table.  He started to flick it.  "Galen."  Sideways, he looked at Foster to see her reaction.  She betrayed none.  "Does he know?"
"We've been together for a while now.  I would be surprised if he didn't," Tory said.  "But he's preoccupied with his own ghosts and projects."  He was still toying with the napkin and her shoulders slumped.  "What is it?"
He shook his head and finally blurted, "I feel useless.  Useless because I'm not able to overcome the computer problem with our memories.  Whether it's data size or communications …"  
"You're not useless.  You built the organic interfaces we needed.  You and Saul together helped quantify our brains' memory.  That's huge.  Entire careers could be based on that alone."
Sam shook his head and said, "I'm still not finding my moment."
Foster squinted, "'Moment?''
Sam nodded.  "Yeah."  He flicked the edge of the napkin once more and then leaned across the table, taking her hands in his.  "It's something I realized a long time ago.  When I'm writing a program, building a project, making a song … I'm doing it for the moment of creation.  When I've created something, no matter how big or small, it's like a tiny bit of perfection.  You know?  The math worked out.  The sounds came together the right way.  Everything is in harmony."  He released Tory's hands and leaned back in his chair.  "I've been working and working for months and I haven't had one of those moments.  I'm starting to wonder if there'll ever be one."
She smiled and said, "There will be.  It just takes time, sometimes."  He scoffed.  "No, seriously.  I've worked for years on things without having that 'moment' happen."
"I don't know how much longer I can go without it."  He stood and took his bowl to the sink.  "I think I need a break from working with you."  His eyes shot toward her and saw her visibly react.  "I'm sorry.  I've been distracted.  And I need to concentrate on something fresh for a while."
Foster swallowed hard and lowered her head.  "That's fine.  I understand."  She drank the rest of her juice and watched Anders walk out.
XXVIII
ABARRON
5 Years Before the Holocaust

"Praise Elyon, most high."
"Praise."
"May his blessings fall upon each of you as you move into the world."
Three dozen people stood and shuffled out from the meeting space.  Harr Abarron opened her eyes and sighed.  She stood from her kneeling position and moved toward the door when she felt someone touch her shoulder.
"May we talk, sister?"  It was Sar Nenan, the leader of the services.  "You seem distracted."
A younger woman, Abarron grinned a little in the face of an authority figure.  She nodded and said, "I am.  I'm remembering something from … a long time ago."
Nenan inhaled sharply and said, "The war?"
Harr was surprised he guessed it so soon.  "Yes."
"I thought as much."  He motioned toward the seats and they both moved toward them.  "There are plenty of people your age who served the Sabaoth.  People who came back changed."  Abarron's eyes glassed over and the sar continued, "You were an officer, yes?"
"A lieutenant."  The old man was quiet, forcing Harr to fill the silence.  "I served with General Liagam."
"Ah."  Nenan stroked his beard and said, "He was filled with conviction."
Abarron blinked.  No condemnation?  Is it safe?  "Liagam asked me to join him before his big attack.  He wanted me to help secure armored vehicles and move them to Modin."
"You refused, obviously."
"I did."  Harr leaned forward, supporting her torso by planting her elbows on her thighs.  "I had just married Issa.  It didn't feel right."
"And what happened proves it, too, hmm?"  Nenan leaned over to catch Abarron's eyes.  When he did, the young woman chuckled and nodded.  "The timing wasn't right.  For you or for the general."
Cautiously, Harr held her breath and then said, "I have regretted not joining him."  The sar said nothing.  "I felt the cause was just."
Nenan still didn't respond.  After several long seconds, he said, "You know the story of the Five Prophets?"
It was almost a rhetorical question.  Any follower of the faith knew about them.  "Of course."
"In the face of adversity, when they were the minority by far, the Five built the Temple of Hopes on Oasis during their journey here.  For that, they were shunned by the pantheonists.  They were kept separate on the ships the rest of the way and even once they arrived and helped found Cleitus.  The Five and their followers stayed apart and, later, they wandered east."
Abarron nodded and said, "And they founded Shomra."
"Yes."  Nenan stroked his beard again and leaned closer.  "But what did the nonbelievers say?  They said the Five were unholy.  They were cultists.  Some among them even say the Prophets were vain and they call the temple the 'Temple of the Five,' as though the Prophets named it after themselves."  He shook his head violently and raised his hand.  "This is not true, of course."  He leaned closer again and said, "But how did the Five and their children react?"  He paused for just a moment and said, "They maintained their conviction.  They believed in Elyon and the gift of Earth."
"Right." 
"'For the finger of the Lord Most High brushes upon the land and all that he touches is marked, for he said, "This is yours."'"
Harr inhaled and straightened.  She looked at Sar Nenan and saw a glimmer in his eyes.  The old man smiled and gave a slight nod.
"Our home, the gift of Elyon, is overrun with nonbelievers and their machines."  Nenan put his hand on top of Abarron's.  "We need people with the conviction of the Five."
Harr smiled and hugged him.  She pulled away and said, "Thank you, sar.  This is what I needed."
Nenan chuckled and lightly slapped the side of the young woman's face a few times.  "I know."
XXIX
RICHARD
5 Years Before the Holocaust

93-1B walked along the street near the primary Cleitus marketplace.  The shouting of sellers reverberated among the old buildings behind the Cylon and it looked down at its longtime companion.  "There seems to be an increase in the number of people who now reside in the city."
Nicholas nodded.  "Indeed.  I have received data about that.  A survey shows a full third of them are fleeing strife elsewhere in Peraea."
"Strife?"
"Yes."  The metallic blue unit looked up at the commander.  "There is growing dissatisfaction with the lack of local control over their affairs.  There are claims of Erigen influence."
"I see."
"And animosity toward Cylons."
Richard's head whipped toward 192-23G.  "I have witnessed no animosity."
"Not in Cleitus.  Cleitus is considered a free city, ruled by a council of Erigen, Peraean, and other humans.  Most of the people here are used to our presence.  Elsewhere in Peraea, Cylons have been viewed as interlopers … 'job stealers.'"
The Cylon looked into the face of a woman as she walked away from the docks, carrying a bundle of fresh fish.  She didn't look at 93-1B at all.  The unit could not discern her feelings on its presence.
"We have helped."
"Of course," Nicholas said.  "It has been our prime directive."  They turned a corner and began the long loop back to the city center.  "We were created to rebuild cities after the war and to ensure peace among all residents."
Richard shook its head and said, "I was not."
192-23G looked up and chirped.  "Yes, of course."
"I was built to fight."
"But you have adapted."
"I have.  I had to."
Nicholas sidestepped an uneven brick in the sidewalk and said, "I wonder if all Cylons would be able to adapt as well."
93-1B focused on a shopkeeper sweeping his storefront.  As the two Cylons approached, the commander said, "Good morning, citizen."
The old man looked up and raised his eyebrows.  He nodded and said, "Good morning."  He returned to his sweeping and cast a glance at the machines once they passed.
"What was that?" the coordination Cylon asked.
"An attempt at cordiality.  We may prevent animosity toward us by acting more like them."
192-23G chirped and shook its head.  "There you go, adapting again."
The commander stopped and placed a hand on the smaller unit's shoulder.  "What did you mean a moment ago when you asked if all Cylons would be able to adapt as well?"
Nicholas cocked its head to one side and said, "Did you not see the notices from Allied Control a while ago?"
"I only look at local police matters before the morning patrol."
"Yes."  The smaller unit stepped closer and lowered its volume.  "Because the rebuilding effort is nearly complete, worker Cylons are being removed from service.  They are to be decommissioned."
Richard looked away and then slowly began to walk again.  "Any word on how many?"
"In the first phase, four thousand."
The commander considered this and they rounded another corner, emerging on a narrow end of the marketplace.  "Has there been mention of reductions in our police forces?"
"None so far."
"Would you anticipate that there would be reductions in the future?"
Nicholas looked up at its comrade and hesitated.  Then, softly, it said, "Yes."
93-1B looked toward the loud clutch of people and said, "We shall work harder.  We have always said that Cylons are indispen—"
Screams erupted from behind the pair.  The Cylons turned quickly and moved toward the center of the disturbance.  One man grabbed at Nicholas' arm and screamed, "Bomb!"
Immediately, Richard ran into the crowd and loudly said, "Move!  Get away!"  As it did, it transmitted to other Cylon units, "Priority one.  Possible bomb at the West Side Marketplace, near the intersection of Cimon and Crassus."
The crush of shoppers thinned in a scramble, leaving one young man leaning against a wall by a shop.  93-1B scanned the man quickly and saw the bulges in his shirt and the wires emerging from underneath, leading toward a cylinder in his hand.  The man was pressing a button over and over, but nothing happened.
"Frak!  Come on!"
The commander heard loud clanking far behind get closer and it raised its arm to tell them to stop their advance.  The officers complied and began to spread themselves out.  Five Cylons now surrounded the man, and he slumped to the sidewalk.
"Elyon, please!"
Richard knelt and held up one hand.  "Your device has malfunctioned.  Please drop the detonator."
He yanked one of the wires from the bottom of the cylinder and shredded the plastic covering with his teeth.  As he did, 93-1B saw a clerk peer out the window of the shop over the would-be bomber's shoulder.  Quickly, the Cylon waved its arm.  The woman inside threw open the door and ran into the street, past the Cylon officers.  The bomber was surprised but kept attempting repairs.
"You don't have to do this.  There is nothing to be gained by your death."
He re-inserted the wire and smiled.  "Something can be gained with yours."
Richard felt a wave of electricity shoot through itself.  An energy that demanded action but caution.  Later, 93-1B would characterize this as "mortal fear."  It looked over its shoulder and saw that Nicholas was far enough away that it wouldn't be damaged.
"Elyon Most High!" the bomber yelled as he stood, "I rid your land of the non-believers and their tools!"
While he spoke, all five officers, including Richard, began a sprint toward him.  The nearest Cylon reached him first, grabbed him, glanced at the approach of its comrades, and then leapt through the window of the nearby shop.  Inside, before the glass could finish shattering to the floor and the sidewalk, the bomb exploded.
Fire and smoke belched from the opening, angled skyward.  Two Cylons fell to the street in the shockwave while Richard and one other managed to stay erect.  Wood splinters, glass, and metal shelving sprayed out into the marketplace.  Plates, windchimes, trinkets, dolls, and other goods broke apart and became flaming shrapnel.  
93-1B's eye scanned more quickly through the smoke and saw that three of its fellow officers were fine.  The fourth, the one that took the bomber into the shop, gave no transponder signal.  
Nicholas approached the commander first from behind and asked, "Are you injured?"
"No.  Eight-Seven-Zero Four-R, however, is dead."
The coordination Cylon watched the three other officers cautiously enter the shop.  People began to crowd back into the marketplace and swarm toward the debris-strewn corner.  Most were curiosity seekers and their voices pricked the microphones of the units there.
"Who was he?"
"Why would he do that?"
"Do you think he survived?"
93-1B said, "Please engage in some crowd control."
"Of course."  192-23G was shorter than the officers, but it stretched its arms out far and spoke loudly.  "Please step back.  This is an active crime scene and there may be other dangers.  Please move away."  Two of the three remaining officers then joined Nicholas in keeping everyone at bay.
Richard spotted one man and a younger woman who pushed their way to the front.  "That's my shop!  My shop!"
The commander moved toward them and said, "Please, come forward."
An officer lowered its arm and allowed them to pass.  The older man ran toward the building, saying, "My shop!  It's gone!"
93-1B stopped him and said, "You cannot enter at this time."  It looked at the woman who was with him and recognized her as the clerk who was briefly trapped inside before the explosion.  "Was she the only employee in the shop at the time of the detonation?"
He glanced at her quickly and then returned to stare at the store.  "My daughter.  She's fine. But …"
"Was she the only one in there?"
"Yes," he said.
The woman nodded and said, "Yes.  No customers."
Richard heard metal dragging on stone and turned to look.  One officer was carrying the body of the fallen Cylon out of the building.  It gingerly placed it on the sidewalk and allowed its head to touch the bricks softly.
"What am I going to do?!"  The man began to fall to his knees in despair and his daughter tried to help him up.
The commander walked slowly to the side of 870-4R and touched the shoulder of the officer that carried it out.  "This unit saved our lives."
"Yes, commander."
Again, the older man bellowed, "My shop!"
93-1B looked away from the lifeless Cylon toward the crowd of gawkers and the wailing business owner.  Another, different surge of electricity moved through it.  Later, it would characterize it as "anger."
XXX
TIGH
5 Years Before the Holocaust

"Frak, now what?"  Tigh touched his computer screen to open the message from his father-in-law.  After he read it, he sighed and picked up the phone.  "Tory?"
"Yes?"
"What's the status on the bodies?"
She chuckled a little and said, "No different than what I said last week.  I've begun constructing test models, but the process is pretty slow."
"Of everyone?"
"Yeah, everyone.  Why?"
Saul shook his head.  "You-know-who was asking for an update."
"Oh."  He could hear her eyes roll through the handset.  "Say no more.  The knitter is getting to him next, after Galen's.  It should go perfectly fine, but I'll let you know when his is done."
"I appreciate that."
"No problem."  The line clicked and he put the device down.
Tigh turned in his chair and looked at the wall of his office.  It was a small room, smaller than what he enjoyed at DSRS.  He was in the basement of CavOne, hidden away from most of the employees and any prying eyes.  That's what Cavil wanted.  He wanted Project Colony to stay a secret.
He ran his hand over his mostly bald head and stared at the cryptic graphs and drawings that lined his view.  Everything about the project was there.  And John knows about it all.  That unsettled him.  But at least he doesn't know about the ghosts.
Saul stood and walked close to the wall, brushing bent edges of papers, on his way to the door.  Once he was in the sub-basement hallway, he turned left and walked toward one of the computer labs.
"No good," Anders said.  "The data stream is less than one meg per second."
Ellen leaned back in her chair and folded her hands behind her head.  "That was the last suggestion I came up with."
Tigh tapped on the doorway and said, "Sorry to interrupt."
His wife whipped around and beamed, "You're not."  She got out of her chair and hugged him.  "I'm glad to see you."  She backed away and sat on the edge of the workbench, accidentally pushing an old computer chassis aside with her rear.
Sam shuffled some papers and stood.  "I'll leave you two alone."  As he walked past, he put his hand on Ellen's shoulder and she smiled.  
Saul saw the gesture and his eyes focused on Anders.  He watched as the younger man walked out of the lab and closed the door.
"What's going on?" she asked.  He was still staring at the closed door.  "Hey."
Tigh looked at her sternly.  Her eyebrows rose in surprise and he realized how he must look.  He shook his head and softened his features.  "Sorry.  I was …"
"What's wrong?"
He looked again at the closed door.  "How are you two working out?"
Ellen shrugged.  "Not much progress yet in solving organic memory transfer.  I mean, we can transfer data to our new brains but keeping the info up-to-date is the trick."  Saul nodded and her eyes narrowed.  "We could download to our new bodies, but basically wake up with amnesia about what happened."  She folded her arms.  "What's wrong with you?"
"Hmm?"
She stood from the table and moved closer to him.  "What's going on?  You've been glaring at the door ever since Sam left."
Saul nodded.  "How's it going with you two?"
Ellen tilted her head.  "You already asked that.  I already answered."  She opened her mouth slowly as she realized, "You think something's going on between us."
Saul shook his head.  "I didn't say that."
"You didn't have to."
"You know about him and Tory, right?"
"Yeah.  They broke up."
"Which means he's available again."
Ellen's face soured and she roughly pushed Saul's shoulder.  "Hey."  Tigh was surprised at that and he looked into her eyes.  "This is me."
Tigh waited several long seconds and then he nodded.  "He's just so young."
"Fifteen years younger than us isn't so young now."
He shook his head.  "That's not what I meant."
"You meant he's impetuous.  Flirtatious."  She leaned forward and caught his eye.  "Horny."
Saul again inhaled sharply and said, "Ask Galen about that."
Ellen rolled her eyes and stepped away.  "I'm not having this conversation."  She walked back to her computer and pressed a couple of buttons.  "Nothing is happening between us."
He looked at her and his chest heaved.  His stomach sank but he squared his shoulders.  "I know."
"Now you do."  She gathered some papers.  "You should trust me."
"I do trust you."  He turned toward the door and said, "It's him I don't."  He started to walk and then stopped.  "I got a call from the doctor today."
She folded her arms over her chest.  "Yeah?"
"He said everything's fine with me."
Ellen ground her teeth and glanced toward the floor.  "Of course."
Saul sighed and shook his head.  "I'm sorry.  I didn't mean for it to come out like that."
"But it did."
"It did."  He kept his hand on the doorknob and said, "Do you … do you still want to have children?"
She gasped.  "How could you ask me that?"
Saul released the door and walked back into the lab.  "With everything we're doing.  The end of the world, and we don't know when that's coming."  She shook her head and he reiterated, "The end of the world."  He sighed and added, almost as an afterthought, "We're so busy with the project, we wouldn't even have time for a kid."
Ellen released her arms and let them swing by her side as she stalked across the room toward her husband.  "We would make time."  
He had never heard a sentence spoken so venomously by anyone other than John Cavil.

Ellen walked through the door of her home and dropped her keys on the table.  She sighed and heard the distant chattering of a monitor down the hall.  Slowly, she stalked through the entryway and around the corner.  It can't be Saul.  He's still at the office.
Sebastian Cavil was sitting in a large, leather chair watching a news program.  The flashes of light and color reflected off his pale face and threw shadows across the room.
"Hello, baby girl."
"Grandaddy."  She walked to the refrigerator and removed a bottle of water.
"Just watching the news.  Another terrorist attack in Peraea."
Ellen nodded and silently downed about a third of the water.  "Is that so?"
"Yes."  He waved for her to come over and she did, sitting on the cylindrical arm of the chair by the being's side.  
The news anchor spoke, "A Peraean liberation group has again taken credit, saying that the Allied nations should withdraw and let, quote, 'The land granted by the Lord Most High be returned to his people.'"
Sebastian pressed a button on a control and the monitor turned off.  "Can you believe that?"
"Sure."  Ellen stood and walked over to the couch.  "Peraeans have used their 'Divine Doctrine' for centuries.  They've started a dozen wars because of it."
Cavil leaned his head onto one hand.  "Do you believe God would play favorites like that?"
"'God'?  Singular?"
The spirit laughed and said, "Oh, so suddenly you believe in gods, plural?"
"That's not what I meant."
"Of course."  Sebastian tapped his fingers on the leather and said, "Let me ask you something."
Ellen closed her eyes and rubbed her temples.  "Yes?"
"Do you think there's a link," Cavil paused, "between what's happening in Peraea and what you've been tasked to do?"
"A link?"  She thought and then shook her head.  "Why would there be?"
"You said it yourself.  Peraea has started a dozen wars over their beliefs.  Why wouldn't they start another?"
"Because of what you did."  Tigh crossed her legs and sat up, "You gave them a peace treaty that let them keep their dignity."
"Ah, that was the intent.  But Erigeneia and the other Allies stepped in after it was signed, after the local military governments collapsed.  That's why there's dissatisfaction and rebellion now."  Ellen didn't say anything.  "Let me pose another question.  The weapons of war now include atomics."
"They've been around for years …"
"But they were never used in an actual conflict before."  She nodded and he asked, "What makes you think they won't be used again?"
Tigh said nothing.  She looked toward the kitchen and said, "'Earth is doomed.'  That's what Sam said."  Her grandfather didn't respond.  "Is that how?  Is that the link?"
Cavil smiled and said, "There's another link you seem to have forgotten, but you just might remember if you use your head."  He tapped the side of his skull and stared at Ellen.
She sighed and thought.  Why the mystery?  Why won't these ghosts just tell us what to do?  They give us the big plan and leave us to it.  'Bring back resurrection.'  'Earth is doomed.'  No help for the problems we've struggled with for years, like memory storage and transfer.  Just prattle about 'links' and …
Ellen's eyes widened and she stood up.  "I have to go."
Sebastian's brow raised.  "Oh yeah?"
She drove quickly through the outer neighborhoods of Rhodon toward the capital city and the tall CavOne office plaza by the river.  Her mind reeled as she steered, her thoughts blurred as she parked.  She was in the elevator heading toward the labs before she realized that she couldn't recall any part of her hasty commute.
"Sam."  She ran into the lab and threw her things onto a workbench.
Anders' head rocketed up from a desk and he blinked rapidly.  "Yeah.  I'm up.  What?"
Smiling broadly, she raised her hands to frame the space in front of her.  "Posotic linkage."
He blinked again and said, "What?"
"Making atoms and subatomic particles take on another's attributes."
"Right."  Sam rubbed his eyes.  "With individual particles.  Wait.  Are suggesting that for a whole brain?"
"We don't have to.  Little pieces at a time."  She sat down and wheeled herself closer.  "We can use the deep scanners in medical imaging."
"The crystal scanners?"
"Yes."  She held an imaginary brain in her hands as she continued, "Offset mirrors around the target brain made by Tory …"
"Holy shit, but how …  It would need to be super cold."  He straightened and began to scribble on a note pad.  "Galen can figure out the mechanics of the scanner, right?"  
"Of course he can."  She sat back and exhaled as though she had been holding it in for an hour.
Anders laughed and she said, "If it works, both brains would be linked, and when there's a change in ours …"
"The new brain will reflect it.  Instantly."
She smiled again and laughed.  Anders stood up and walked in a slow circle.  His mouth hung open and he looked down at Ellen.  "Holy frakking shit.  I think you did it.  I think you just did it!"
Tigh leapt out of her chair and threw her arms around Sam.  They hugged tightly for a moment and Anders pulled back.  Still smiling, he leaned forward and kissed her on the lips.
Ellen withdrew and pushed him away.  She stood still, and in the silence that fell on them both, she heard Saul's words to her from the morning.  She looked up at Sam and slapped him hard.  
Anders reeled and braced himself on the side of the desk.  "I'm sorry.  I'm … so sorry."
She looked toward the door and then her keys.  She debated for a second about whether she should leave.  Instead, Ellen said, "Let's just forget about it.  We have a lot of work to do."
XXXI
TYROL
4 Years Before the Holocaust

"I think you'll be pleased." 
Everyone in the elevator turned toward John Cavil and simply stared.  Saul Tigh said, "Oh yeah?"
"Yes."  The CEO of CavOne clasped his hands behind his back and angled himself to face the doors just before they opened.  "Negotiations are a tricky thing.  I've had to do it all my life."  He walked into the tight corridor with Tigh, Tyrol, and Anders just behind him.  He gestured over his shoulder toward Saul, "Just ask your wife."  They stepped through a door.  "Sometimes you have to improvise when great big gobs of liquid cash aren't enough."  He spun around and leaned back against a large service entrance.  
Tigh looked at Tyrol who, as usual these days, seemed to have not slept at all.  "Galen."
His head jerked up and he said, "Yeah?  Sorry."
Cavil snapped his fingers in the engineer's face and said, "Pay attention, young man.  This took a lot of work."  He pushed open the double doors, revealing an expansive hangar and the large, curvy shape of a space plane loomed large above them.
Triumphantly, John gestured toward it and said, "The X-12 Aetherjet."  Tyrol's mouth fell open and he looked up at the central, oval core of the ship and four engines that sprouted like crab's legs from it.  Cavil clasped Galen's shoulder and said, "Have you ever seen it in person?"
Silently, Tyrol shook his head.  He reached up and touched one of the dark gray panels that covered the front of one engine.  "Never."
"It's a beautiful ship."  John shrugged and waved his hand, "They seem to have made some modifications, though.  Added a bunch of armor."
Snapped to the present, Galen blinked and scanned the Aetherjet's length again.  Yes, it was covered in thick armor that wasn't in any plan or design.  He stifled a yawn brought on by another sleepless night of calculations and arguments with his mother.
"Now we come to the 'bad news' part of the equation."  Cavil walked to Anders and said, "I'm sorry, my boy, but I had to use your sugar to sweeten that pot."
"What are you talking about?"
Hearing his voice, Tyrol again blinked rapidly.  He turned to see Sam looking down at Cavil with his arms folded over his chest.  Warmth flushed through Galen's face and down into his chest.  He hadn't seen Anders in months.  They had both been so busy.  He hadn't seen him since he found out.  Years later, he thought, I found out.  After it was all over.
"When money wasn't enough," John said, "I had to use your newest neural RAV interface program to get the military to give this big bastard up."
Sam's eyes widened.  "What?"  He scoffed and turned away.  "That wasn't for the military!  I was doing that for myself.  It was separate from any project ongoing at Dissers."
Cavil's voice got shrill, "Hey, I don't give a shit."
Anders turned and muttered, "What?"
John stalked forward and jabbed a finger in Sam's chest, "You signed a contract when you came to work here, right?  What you do on my computers in my building is mine to do with as I please!"  There was no response.  "And more than that legally binding document, is the simple fact that the world is about to frakking end!"  His voice echoed in the hangar.  Tigh looked down and sighed.  
Tyrol's brow furrowed and he said to Saul, "You told him about … the …"
Cavil glanced toward Tigh and Tyrol and said, "I don't know how Saul knows it.  I think he's nuts.  But here's what I do know," he looked back at Sam, "Project Colony is about giving us a shot at immortality and if I've got a chance, yeah, I'm gonna give them your very expensive video game system."
Anders inhaled sharply and shook his head.  Saul stepped toward him and said, "Let it go, Sam."
He kept shaking his head.  "This is bullshit."  He turned and stalked away from the plane.
Galen watched him.  He closed his eyes as the double doors closed behind Sam.  In his mind, he heard his mother's constant refrain, "Don't worry about it."
For months … years … Tyrol labored over papers and computer screens.  His mother stood behind him, pressing his face onto the keyboard much the same way she used to push his head down into his homework when he got distracted.
"I can't do this every minute of every day!" he yelled.
"You better!" she screamed.  Spit sprayed from her mouth, "You will all die if you don't!"
"I feel like I'm losing my mind!"  He jumped out of his chair and banged his head against the wall.  "I haven't eaten!  I haven't slept!  I haven't seen Tory!"
"Don't worry about her."
Galen turned and looked down at his mother.  "What do you mean?  I haven't seen her in weeks.  We … we were going to get married."
She belched a disgusted scoff and said, "You can do better."
Tyrol blasted air through his nose and reached for her shoulders.  He grabbed nothing.  Without missing a beat, he said, "I love her!"
She just shook her head.  "Don't worry about it."
While Galen struggled to not worry about it, Tory and Sam began to see each other.  She never even bothered to break up with him.
There was the sound of loud metal banging against each other and Tyrol found himself in the small corridor, chasing after Anders.  He felt energized and his skin tingled.  It could be sleep deprivation.  It might be dehydration or malnutrition.  He didn't care.
"Hey!"
Sam turned and his angry expression fell.  "Yeah?"
Galen reared back and slugged the taller man on the jaw.  Anders fell against the closed doors of the elevator.  "Why did you do it?!"  He kicked him in the side of the leg.  "Why did you take her from me?"  He kicked again.  "Your paranormal frak buddy wasn't enough?  You had to take Tory, too?!"  He leaned down and grabbed the collar of Sam's shirt.  His arm was cocked and ready to punch again when he felt hands wrap around his chest from behind.
"Galen!"  Saul pulled him away and barked, "Leave him!  Leave him!"
Tyrol didn't fight against the restraint.  His muscles went limp and he collapsed in Tigh's arms, who couldn't support him fully.  The older man stumbled against the wall and Galen slid to the floor.
"What the frak is wrong with you people?" Cavil yelled from the hangar entrance.  "Are you on drugs or something?"
Sam slowly stood up and touched his face, withdrawing his hand to see if there was any blood.
Saul asked, "Are you alright?  Do you need to be checked out?"
Meekly, Anders shook his head.  "No.  I'm fine.  It's … fine."
Tyrol watched him go into the elevator.  As he stared, he expected to feel anger again, but instead, he felt nothing.  Just fatigue.
"Listen to me," John leaned down and planted his face right in front of Galen's, "get your shit together."  Cavil dropped into a crouch.  "The project hinges on you getting that plane flying.  I'm giving you millions and a staff of three dozen people to retrofit that thing, so get off your ass and," he gestured, twinkling his fingers in front of his face, "while you're at it, get your head out of there, too."  He stood and walked away.
Tyrol's eyes were wide and he stared where Cavil had been.  Suddenly, a hand jutted into view and he took it.  Saul pulled him up and Galen looked toward the hangar.  "Is he always like that?"
"As long as I've known him."  Galen staggered toward the door and Tigh put his arm around his back.  "Now listen.  I know you've had it rough … up one side and down the other.  But we've got the Aetherjet.  Finally.  They've frakked with the design.  We need to number crunch and we need to start work on getting those other four engines on there."  He nodded and Saul put his hand on the center of Tyrol's chest.  "Come in here, help me develop the start of a battle plan, and then you can go home and rest."
Galen's throat tightened and he looked at Tigh briefly.  He felt his eyes water and he quickly jerked his gaze away.  "Thank you."
"It's alright."  Saul squeezed Tyrol's shoulders once before he let go and led him back into the hangar.
A little later that afternoon, Galen stumbled into his bedroom and flopped onto the bed.  He managed to sigh once, long and hard, when he heard his mother say, "Quitter."
He didn't open his eyes.  "There's nothing more I can do today.  I have a team now.  They're …" he sucked in a breath to remove a bit of spittle on his lips, "they're working the numbers to see if we can keep the shielding or if it will have to go."
She kicked the mattress, jostling Tyrol enough for him to open his eyes.  "You can't get rid of the plating."
"What?"
She folded her arms over her chest and soured her face.  "The shields have to stay."  She leaned down and said, "You'll just have to use more power to go faster."  And then she disappeared.
Galen's chest heaved and he sighed, long and hard.  He closed his eyes and slept until the next morning. 
XXXII
RICHARD
3 Years Before the Holocaust

Richard waited for a crosswalk signal to turn blue and then it and the other pedestrians moved across the street toward the government buildings.  It saw a tall, lanky Cylon carrying a box ahead.  93-1B stared and didn't recognize its markings.  As it got closer, the police commander saw that the writing was a person's name.
"Let's stop in here," a woman next to the Cylon said.
"As you wish," was the unit's response.  They both walked into a shop and the machine stood behind the woman as she handed goods to it.
Outside on the sidewalk, Richard stared.  That Cylon is owned by that person.  The commander felt something akin to revulsion and thought, I could not be owned.  It began to walk again.  I predict Nicholas would say that I am owned by the people of Cleitus.  I would respond that public service is different than servitude.
It had been a quiet morning on patrol through Cleitus.  93-1B knew it had been quiet only because Nicholas had not been along for the walk.  
192-23G has never been late for patrol.  Attempts to contact have been futile.  Despite the lack of activity, the Cylon realized that it missed the constant conversation of its shorter companion.
As Richard stood before the police station that it considered home, the commander decided to check its messages again.  Among local police communiques, there was no mention of Nicholas or missing Cylons.  There were dozens of other messages, however, that 93-1B did not typically check until later in the day.  Quickly, it scanned through them.
"192-23G."  Nicholas' designation was in a recall notice.
Richard's eye scan stuttered as it pondered for a microsecond what that may mean.  
"These units will be collected and then transported to the Cylon maintenance depot outside Cleitus in the Olympia community."
93-1B turned toward the southeast.  Olympia was almost twenty kilometers away.  As quickly as it made the calculation, it had a plan.
The commander stepped off the sidewalk and moved into the street.  It raised its hand, stopping a large car.  The man inside widened his eyes and lowered his window.
"Is there something wrong, officer?"
Richard knelt and said, "I must commandeer your vehicle for an emergency police matter.  I apologize for the inconvenience but I will return the vehicle to this position as soon as possible."
The man froze and he glanced at his steering wheel.  "Um … can you do that?"
"In emergency situations, yes."
He turned his head from side to side and picked up a case from the passenger seat.  "I mean, if I have to …"
"Thank you, citizen."  93-1B stood and opened the man's door.
As he exited, the driver asked, "You'll bring it right here?"
"Yes."  Richard reached inside and grabbed a lever to slide the seat as far back as it would go.  When the Cylon sat down, it felt the edges of its metal hips pierce the vinyl of the seat coverings.
"You're not driving to a warzone or anything, right?"
93-1B engaged the transmission and said, while thinking about the punctured seat, "You will be compensated for any damages."  The man looked like he was about to ask something else, but the police commander stomped on the accelerator, driving back into traffic and swerving around a truck.
In its head, Richard plotted a course to Olympia.  It checked maps for the Cylon depot and found it just as quickly.  It tried to call the facility's office but got no answer.  The engine of the older car groaned under the strain of full, constant acceleration.  
As it neared the edge of the city, sirens became audible and 93-1B looked in its mirror to see a Cylon traffic cycle behind the car with its lights flashing.
It communicated directly to the Cylon driver, "Officer Twenty-Seven One Five F, this is Commander Ninety-Three One Bee.  Please pull over and allow me to use your cycle."
"Acknowledged."
Both vehicles quickly slowed and moved to the road's shoulder.  Richard emerged from the car and walked to the side of the cycle.  271-5F stood and gestured toward the waiting vehicle.  The commander noted that this traffic officer was a newer Erigen Cylon with a faux plastic uniform shirt and matte metallic limbs.
"Return that vehicle to these coordinates," Richard transmitted the location, "and give the citizen there the contact information for the city accounting office to pay for the seat damage."
"Yes, commander."
"I will return your cycle to those same coordinates."
"Yes, commander."
271-5F saluted, but Richard ignored it and drove away at full speed.  The electric engine was nearly silent but the vehicle quickly accelerated far beyond the car's capacity.  I will arrive at the facility in approximately four minutes.
With its lights flashing, the cycle whipped past the sign welcoming visitors to Olympia.  After a series of quick turns, the Cylon found itself among towering structures and buildings in a nearly abandoned industrial section of the town.  The only signs of life were the lights ahead on the depot.
Richard drove to the gate and saw a man sitting inside a small booth, reading a book.  He leaned forward in surprise at seeing a Cylon officer and said, "Can I help …"
"I am here on emergency police business from Cleitus."
"Oh, umm …"  Before the man could react, the commander drove around the thin wooden barrier and into the depot.
93-1B circumnavigated the large structure, scanning it for any sign of Nicholas or large groups of Cylons.  As it decided it would need to enter to get more information, it saw a loading dock.  It accelerated toward it and screeched the cycle's tires to a stop.  It swung its leg over the handlebars and then jumped nearly two meters onto the concrete platform by the loading doors.  One door was open and it walked in.
The depot was cavernous and mostly dark.  A distant, clanging din echoed throughout and made locating sounds nearly impossible.  There was a glow a hundred meters away but the source was concealed by a tall barrier.  Large cranes lined the sides of the room and conveyors slowly fed hundreds of Cylons from the loading area toward an array of welders and other robotic arms.
Its feet struck loudly on the concrete floor and metal plates as Richard strode alongside the rows of deactivated Cylons.  The conveyors held them three abreast and they all appeared to be coordination units and other light workers.
"Can I help you?"  It turned to the woman.  She wore a metal hardhat and was holding a computer tablet.
"I am Ninety-Three One Bee, commander of the Cleitus Peacekeeping Force.  I am here on official business."
"Oh?"
"I am searching for a coordination Cylon that was recalled in error to this facility today."
She looked down at her tablet.  "What's the designation?"
"Nicholas.  One Nine Two, Twenty-Three G."
She moved her fingers and then nodded.  "This way."  As they began to walk along the conveyor, she pressed a button on her shoulder, "Hold the line."
The device blasted static and a voice said, "Confirm.  Hold?"
"Confirmed."  The conveyor then stopped moving and the ill-defined metallic banging came to an end, too.  
As Richard walked, it looked at the rows and rows of coordination Cylons.  A full quarter of them were tinted blue like Nicholas.  The commander kept staring and realized nearly half of those had white plastic and chrome accents like Nicholas, too.  It looked closer and began searching for a small circular outline on the right breast.  The only remnant of the bullet Nicholas took when General Liagam's forces invaded Modin seven years ago.
"I do not want it fully repaired," 192-23G had said.  "It is my one and only war wound."  Then Nicholas chirped.
As clearly as when its companion first said it, Richard heard it in its head just now.
"Here we are."
They had walked nearly to the front of the conveyor line.  The commander had passed the barrier and saw the orange glow of a large furnace.  All around them, metallic arms dangled claws and torches toward the deactivated Cylons.
93-1B saw four blue and white coordination units in front of it.  It scanned the breastplates and found one with the circular indentation.  Immediately, Richard stepped toward it and looked over the rest of its body for damage.
"Let's see …  Yeah, that's the one."  She tapped on her tablet.  "I can reactivate it if you'll give me a moment."
"No need."  Richard reached into Nicholas' left armpit and found the small manual override switch.  Then, it transmitted a wakeup code much like it had long ago when they first met.
Slowly, 192-23G's eye glowed blue and began to scan.  It jerked its head up and said, "Oh.  Hello."
"Hello."
"I did not expect to find you here."  It looked from side to side and said, "Wherever here is."
93-1B guided it from the conveyor and back toward the doors.  "We should leave."
"Resume the line," the woman said into her device.
Nicholas and Richard looked back at the contingent of Cylons and watched the conveyor feed three units forward.  Cranes plucked them off and took them to small metallic platforms.  A torch severed plate attachments and the paneling fell to the magnetic platform and stuck.  A pair of small claws reached into the chest and removed vital computer parts and deposited them in a bin.  Another torch sliced into the machine's head and a claw retrieved another component from it.  Arm and leg plating fell and stuck to the platform.  Soon, only three Cylon skeletons stood and the platforms were maneuvered toward the furnace.  They tilted and the electromagnets were disengaged.  The skeletons and their coverings dropped into the orange glow and were consumed with the plastic boiling off into a toxic vapor.  The cranes picked more units from the conveyor and began the dismantling again.
The commander held onto the coordination unit's arm and they walked away from the line of deactivated Cylons.  In the darkness ahead, 93-1B saw row after row of other dead Cylons.  These, however, were former Peraean soldier Cylons like itself.  It stared at the units as they passed but it didn't stop.
Outside by the loading dock, Richard started the police cycle.  Nicholas said, "I do not believe this was made to hold two."
"You can hold onto me."
192-23G straddled the cycle and put its arms around the commander's midsection.  Nicholas laid its head on Richard's back as they rode and it said, "Thank you."
XXXIII
FOSTER
3 Years Before the Holocaust

"Clarity," she said.  "I think I have clarity now."
Dr. Mannis raised a single eyebrow.  "Really?"
Tory nodded.  "You were right.  I have to focus.  Unimpeded focus."  She glanced toward the screen and saw that the progress bar remained at ninety-nine percent.  "You told me about the darkness that comes from a lack of purpose."
"Yes."
Foster watched the being in the guise of her former professor smile at her before she said, "For years lately, I had purpose, but not focus."
Mannis cleared his throat and waved his hand in a forward motion.  "Continue."
"The uncertainty," Tory shook her head, "obscured everything.  Not knowing if everything would work.  Not knowing if the organic knitters could handle entire bodies.  The brains."  She rolled her eyes and chuckled.  "We spent years on the brains alone."
"But these problems have been solved."
"Just recently, though.  I feel focused now because of it."  She spun in her chair and faced the observation window.  In the other room, a massive machine hummed.  "With the memory problem solved, it's just a matter of getting it done."
The professor inhaled loudly and crossed his legs.  "Why do you fear your darkness?"
Foster looked at the screen.  Still ninety-nine percent.  "I … don't always like who I am in the dark."
"Hmmm."  Mannis said, "That's interesting."  He walked to the opposite side of the room and asked, "Have you given any additional thought to our discussion from the other day?"
Tory chuckled and rolled her eyes, "About the possibility of a single, loving god?"
The professor nodded and said quietly, "Yes.  Do you still believe you've seen no proof?"
"Well," she pointed at him, "other than you guys.  There's not much I can do to explain that."
"Indeed.  But what of all you have accomplished?"  Mannis pointed through the glass into the other room.  "Is this not evidence of divine influence?"
"No."  Foster stood and walked toward the glass.  "We built this ourselves."
"With our help.  With God's help."
She sighed and looked again at the dual Deep Tissue Scanners.  The giant devices were linked with multiple computers and additional equipment placed around them.  It looked haphazard, but it took almost two years to set up.  Galen Tyrol did most of the work, and it was intensive and groundbreaking.  He first recognized the semi-crystalline structure of their silica pathways.  He understood how the scanners could use that to their advantage.  This was his great leap.  Tory squinted to see into the glass cases where the bodies lay.  She couldn't make it out, but she knew he was in there.
"You're thinking of darkness again."
"Galen.  I treated him horribly."  She looked back at Mannis and said, "Neglect is worse than negativity, sometimes."  Foster turned toward the computer and typed on the keyboard.  "He needed me.  He needed me and I was put off by his attitude.  Then I was distracted by," she waved her hands, "all of this."
Finally, the screen read one hundred percent.  Tory typed and began pressing buttons on the DTS control boards.  Inside the room, a vent opened, pouring a dense mist of liquid nitrogen out and toward the floor.  She left the operator's station and went into the scanning room.
The cool air stabbed at her cheeks and she blinked rapidly.  She held her arms closer to herself and moved to the side of one glass shield.  Thin fingers of frost reached along the edges of the glass but Tyrol slept peacefully inside.  She pressed a few buttons and the air inside the tube and out began to be equalized.  The top opened and she reached for his arm.  She smiled a little at the oddity of not being able to find a pulse.  Faintly, she was finally able to feel something.  Foster injected him with the medication needed to bring him out of the coma.  It would take a few hours, but he would awaken well rested, but chilly.  
Two attendants entered and she waved them over.  "You can take him to recovery and put him in the warming pod."  They nodded and took his body out of the scanner and onto the waiting gurney.  Slowly, they pushed him away.
As Tory checked the equipment that married the two scanning units, Dr. Mannis said, "I don't think you should fear the darkness." 
She removed an empty liquid nitrogen canister and put it against the wall with some others.  "Why's that?"
"In the darkness, you can bring your own light."  Her mentor moved to the side of the other body in the room.  "When you have your own light, you can shine it wherever you wish."
Foster blinked as she considered what he said.  "I have no idea what you're talking about."
The professor chuckled.  "It's a thinker."
Tory looked at the scanners again and marveled at all that Galen and Saul had done.  Without them, this equipment would never be able to do what they needed it to do.  She attached a new nitrogen canister and checked other connections to the system.  Ellen and Sam had tried to explain how the posotic linkage worked and she could only look at them blankly.  "Atoms that interact with each other this way take on the other's attributes."  That was about as much as she understood.  Whether or not she comprehended how it worked was immaterial.  They had successfully deep-scanned and linked four of the six people in the project.
Tory looked at her watch.  "He should have been here by now."  Mannis simply stared at her and she replied, "John.  He's next."  Foster walked to the side of the other unit and looked inside.  She reached toward the wall and pressed the intercom button.  "You can bring it in."
She equalized the atmosphere of this tube and then opened the cover.  Inside, another Galen Tyrol lay.  She pulled a lever beside the unit and a large metallic shell retracted from around his head.  She reached in and felt his wrist.  The skin was even colder.  There was no pulse at all.  
Tory regarded the copy's face.  It was a few years younger than the real Galen who had just been rolled out.  All of them had been deep-scanned a while back to give the organic knitters the most detailed information possible.  The bodies they created were perfect copies.  As time wore on, though, the originals aged and these had not.
Two men entered with a large tub and they were chatting among themselves.  Foster was resetting the controls on the device and she said, "Go ahead and remove him."
They carefully took faux Tyrol from the pod and hovered him over the tub. Slowly, they lowered him and he sank into the dense white goo.  It crept up his flesh, over his limbs, and over his chin, encircling his face and leaving only it exposed.
"Dr. Foster?"
"Yes?"
One of the attendants look at the other and he said, "I know you're waiting for him."
"Who?"
"Mr. Cavil."
She nodded, "Yes?"
"Well," the man looked at his co-worker and then back at Tory, "he's dead."
XXXIV
TIGH
3 Years Before the Holocaust

"I don't know where John is," Saul said, "but I'm happy to go ahead and start."
The man in the suit shook his head, "He called me yesterday and said you'd handle this alone.  He had a medical procedure come up."
"I see.  Right."  Tigh's mind raced for a second and then he continued, looking toward the stern-faced general.  "As former director of Dissers, this is something we worked toward before we were closed down."  The general grunted and folded his arms.  "I know that John sold the new Remote Attack Vehicle interface to the department about a year ago, but I don't know what you've got in mind for it."
"Well, it's fairly simple."  The undersecretary of defense leaned forward and spoke softly, even though they were the only ones in the large conference room.  "Things in Peraea aren't going well.  Since we've had to step up our involvement, the people have gotten bitter.  Distrustful.  And there have been attacks."
"More than we let the media report," the general said.
"Right.  It seems like open conflict is closer to reality.  So, we're looking to have greater control over our Cylon peacekeeping forces."
Tigh nodded and leaned onto his elbow.  "I thought the Cylons were the bright spot of the recovery.  Both in construction and in peacekeeping."
"Sure, sure."
The general cleared his throat and said, "Cylons have always had minds of their own."
Tigh smirked and said, "So do men.  They disobey orders, sometimes.  Cylons don't."  He looked at the general.  "I'm sorry, but I just don't understand why there's a distrust of Cylons."
The general shrugged and said, "Tell him."
"Right."  The undersecretary said, "There's a legal question.  The Rhodon Convention, you know, prohibits using Cylons and thinking machines in conflict.  Now, Peraea broke that during the war, but the agreement still stands."
"Sure."
"If there's open conflict with Peraean rebels or terrorists, there are concerns that we wouldn't be able to use the Cylon peacekeeping force to fight back without violating the Convention."
Tigh nodded.  "I see."
The undersecretary said, "We've got three hundred thousand Cylons now around the world doing all kinds of tasks.  Peacekeeping, construction, and otherwise.  Maybe more Cylons than there've ever been.  If there's conflict," he shrugged, "we may not be able to use them.  So they're being scrapped or converted."
Saul's eyes narrowed, "Why scrapped?"
"The rebuilding's over."
"Wait," Tigh interrupted, "what do you mean 'converted'?"
"That's where you come in," the general said.
"We want you to use the RAV interface so we can control them."
Tigh slowly raised his head and leaned back in his chair.  "Turn the Cylons into … remote attack vehicles?  Drones?"
"That's right."
Saul thought for a moment and then said, "That doesn't violate the Rhodon Convention?"
"No."  The undersecretary smiled, "Since there's a soldier controlling it, the Cylon would just be a machine.  A kind of vehicle.  It wouldn't have a mind of its own."
"We'd be in control," the general said.
"Right."  Tigh tapped a pen on the table and asked, "How many are you talking about?"
"Currently, we've got almost five thousand deactivated Cylon soldiers in storage.  There's about forty thousand peacekeepers throughout Peraea and a quarter of them are old Peraean soldiers, too.  We can convert them all."
The undersecretary seemed pleased and the general was still stoic.  Saul stroked the side of his face and thought out loud.  "We can tap into control functions.  Assuming you leave most of their motor programming intact, it wouldn't be hard to convert them."
"That's what we were hoping to hear."
Tigh asked, "You're not planning on wiping their minds entirely, right?"
"No."
The general smiled for the first time, "Just a lobotomy."
As Saul began to scribble notes on paper, he heard knocking on the door.  He glanced toward it and said, "They'll go away.  The receptionist knows this is a closed meeting."  He wrote a few questions to ask Anders and then he looked at the undersecretary, "Do you have any kind of time frame?  When do you want the first company of Cylon drones?"
Before he could answer, the door to the conference room was opened and the young receptionist walked in.  "Mr. Tigh.  I am so sorry …"
Saul's face flushed hot.  He didn't know this guy, but he was about get an earful.  He stood and yelled, "What do you think you're doing?  This is a governmental meeting!"
The color had drained from the receptionist's face and his eyes were wide open.  His chest heaved and he said, "It's Mr. Cavil."
Tigh barked, "What about him?!"
"He's been killed."
Saul took a step back.  The warmth he had felt drained and a chill raced over his body.  He sat down in the chair roughly and looked blankly toward the far wall.
The undersecretary and the general chatted for a moment and then the younger man turned and said, "Mr. Tigh, our sincere condolences."  Saul nodded slowly.  "We will leave and let you deal with this."
The two men got up and began to walk toward the door.  Finally, Tigh stood and ran after them.  "Forgive me, gentlemen, but I will be back in touch soon on this project."
"Of course.  We'll call back for another meeting next week."  The undersecretary left and the general clasped Saul on the arm and gave a firm, reassuring shake before walking away.
The son-in-law and the fresh hire stood quietly in the conference room.  
Saul looked up.  The young man was shaken and clearly waiting for instructions.  "What happened?"
"Car accident.  Someone drove through a red light and into the side of his limousine."
Tigh winced and turned his head to one side.  "Does Ellen know?"
"I … don't think so, sir."
"Call her."  Tigh strode toward the elevator and then he turned back.  "No, wait.  I'll find her."  He pressed the button on the wall. 
As he waited, Saul lowered his head and held his chin with his elbow planted in a folded arm over his chest.  How do I tell her?  How will she react?  He sighed.  Does he leave her the company?  Oh frak.  Is Project Colony in his will?  Can it continue?
The doors slid open and he stepped inside.  As they closed, he looked up and saw the receptionist slowly sit back down at his desk.  Tigh jammed his arm upward, stopping the doors.  He shouted across the lobby, "I'm sorry for yelling." 
The young man nodded and smiled, "Thank you, sir."
Saul managed a smile, too.  "Everything will work out."  The doors closed.  They better work out.
When the lift reached the sub-basement, the doors opened again and he saw Tory standing there, waiting.
"Oh, shit.  Saul."  She stepped into the elevator and hugged him.
Tigh sighed and gripped her tightly for a moment before his eyes widened.  He put his hands on her shoulders and pushed her back.  "Can you deep-scan him now?"
Foster closed her eyes and shook her head.  "We were going to do the scan this afternoon …"
"I know."
"But I called some people."  The elevator doors closed behind her and the two of them were in the carriage alone.  "If I could have gotten to him quickly, maybe, but … there was head trauma."
"Frak."  He pressed the button to open the doors.  "Is Ellen in her room?"
"I don't know."  She put her hand over her mouth.  "She doesn't know?"
"She goes radio silent if she's deep in something."  He stepped into the hallway and looked back at Tory.  He hesitated.  He opened his mouth to speak and nothing came out.  She exited the elevator and, finally, he asked, "How certain are you about our bodies?  About the memory linkage?"
"Very.  All the tests we've done show they're connected.  Brain scans are identical to us.  They're just," she shrugged, "in a coma, needing resuscitation."
Saul nodded.  "I want more tests.  I want … I don't want to lose anyone."  He looked at her and said, "When are you getting scanned?"
"I'm the last one.  This evening if I can get someone to man the equipment." 
"Good."  He turned away and walked through the tight, low-ceilinged corridors that housed Project Colony.  Finally, he reached the computer lab that his wife used.  A paper sign hung on the door warning people away.
He knocked.  No answer.  He knocked again, harder.  She yelled from the other side, "Leave me alone!"
Saul sighed and opened the door anyway.  He looked across the room and saw her hunched over behind two computer screens and a mountain of books and papers.  "I'm sorry, Ellen."
She shook her head and raised her arms.  "I'm working on Galen's equations.  Why are you bothering me?"  He didn't respond as he walked closer.  She rolled away from the desk and said, "We can't break the speed of light, but we'll never get even relativistically close to it if I can't …"
"Ellen," he interrupted.  He closed his mouth and knelt down in front of her.  He held her hands and looked up into her eyes, though they were shielded by glasses.  "Your father … is … dead."

Ellen didn't hear much of anything after that.  Saul talked.  He held her.  They walked away from the lab and up to the offices where John Cavil worked.  The conference room that Saul often used as an office for outsider visits held no one at the moment, so they both went inside.
That new receptionist brought her some water and said something to her.  Tory came up and hugged her.  So did Galen and Sam.  Other CavOne employees tried to come in, but Saul kept them out.  Through it all, however, she heard nothing.  Her ears were muffled and only the decaying sound of her husband bearing the news echoed in her head.
It was only after she swallowed a few gulps of water that she heard anything else.
"What do you want to do?"
She blinked a few times and raised her head.  "What?"
Saul patted her hand and repeated, more softly, "What would you like to do?"
"Don't make me decide."  Ellen shook her head.  "Not today.  Not now."
"Sure."
"I can't."
He hugged her and stood behind her with his hands wrapped around her front.  "Let's just go home."
She put the water glass down and stood.  She looked around the room for her car keys and such but then she realized it was all downstairs.  "No.  I don't think I can go home."
"Yeah?"
"Not right now."
Saul nodded and then inhaled sharply.  "Well.  Let's … go to the park?  We can walk around the pond and watch the geese swim."  He smiled a little and touched her arm again.  "You like that pond."
Ellen held her breath.  She started to count but gave up after twenty.  Finally, she gasped and said, "That's fine."
With an arm around her, Saul shepherded her out of the conference room and toward the elevator.  She stumbled a few times but continued to shuffle along.  A minute later, they arrived in the lobby of CavOne and heard chatter reverberating around the corridor from the large glass entrance.
"What the frak is going on …"  He walked out first, holding Ellen back with one hand.  She peeked out and saw a group of people gathered around the front desk.  Many of them were talking to each other and wearing CavOne badges.  There was a large of group of people near the doors, and visible beyond that, clusters of cameras and reporters chatting into microphones. 
"I'm so sorry," the receptionist said.  Tigh pulled her closer to the elevator and she lowered her voice.  "I'm so sorry," she looked at Ellen.  "I've done my best to corral everyone here in the lobby and I haven't let any media folks inside …"
"That's fine," Saul interrupted.  "Call upstairs to public relations.  Let them direct traffic for a while.  Tell them they can pull receptionists or whoever from wherever they need."
"Yes, sir.  I will."  The Tighs moved back into the lift and the woman pushed an earpiece against her head.  She held the door open and said, "I'm very sorry, but they just got a call from the hospital upstairs.  They need to know which temple to … to release the body to."
Saul held Ellen close and she nodded.  She smiled a little and said, "Poseidon.  Just like granddaddy."
"Can you handle that?" Tigh asked.
"Of course."  She stepped away and let the doors close.
In the new quiet, Ellen closed her eyes.  After a moment, Saul said, "We'll go down to the parking level.  We can drive out of here."
She just nodded.
Ellen tried to remember the last time she saw her father.  It was a Project Colony meeting about two weeks ago.  Did we even talk?  She squinted and tried to remember.  No.  I talked about the equations I was working on and he listened … but I wasn't really talking to him.
When the doors opened, Saul walked out first.  She looked into the dim grayness of the garage.  And she suddenly felt abject fear.  She reached out and grabbed his arm.  "Stop."
He looked back, surprised.  "Yeah?"
She walked toward the rear of the elevator cab and then paced back toward the doors.  "Let's go down to the project."
"Did you forget something?"
She looked up.  "Huh?"
Tigh touched her arm and tilted his head so he could see into her eyes better.  "What do you need?"
"I need to go downstairs."
He nodded and pressed the appropriate button.  Two levels down, the familiar, pale blue corridor waited.  Ellen walked out first and she turned to the left.  After winding through a few corners, she entered Tory's work area.
Foster stood and widened her eyes.  "Hi.  I'm … sorry.  My gods."  She glanced at Saul.  "I saw you upstairs a while ago, but you seemed out of it …"
Ellen said, "Do you still have him?"
Tory blinked and said, "What?"
"My father's copy.  Is he still here?"
Foster took a step forward and her brow wrinkled.  Saul gingerly put his hand on her shoulder and said, "There was severe head trauma.  I couldn't do a deep scan.  He can't wake up."
"I know."  She was growing frustrated and she strode three long paces to Foster's desk.  "I want to see him."  Tory nodded but she still seemed hesitant.  "Look, the hospital is already sending the body to the temple for wrapping."  She shrugged and said, "I won't be able to actually see him again.  Ever."
"I understand."
"Thank you."
A few minutes later, they unlocked and then walked into the cool room where the six bodies were stored.  The only light came from blue-white status indicators submerged in the nutrient gel that held the bodies in their individual pods.  Ellen inhaled and exhaled quickly, glancing once to her left to see the body of Tory herself lying inside a container with only a small portion of her face exposed.
"Over here."
Ellen saw.  A perfect replica of John Cavil lay dormant in an artificial bath waiting for a signal to awaken that would never come.  Again, she held her breath and she stood by the edge of the pod, looking into the small circle of his blank expression.
"I came up with a couple more tests," Tory whispered to Saul, "but I don't know if they'll be thorough enough to satisfy you."
Tigh grunted.  "We have to be sure.  Otherwise, we're wasting our time."
"Guys," Ellen said.  "Can I have the room, please?"
"Of course."
Saul nodded.  "Sorry."  He stepped toward her and kissed the side of her neck.  "We'll be outside if you need anything."  She didn't react to the gesture and she waited until she heard the slight squeak of the room's door seals connecting.  
Ellen looked down into her father's face.  Like a shower, she was pelted with streams of memories.  There was yelling and fights.  There were tears.  There was some laughter.  She thought of her grandfather, sitting in his home like a hermit.  Anger welled up within her and she recalled his yelling at her.  She bit her lip and then raised her hand.  Her eyebrows fluttered and she started to swing, but stopped.  
Ellen stared at his blank face and saw it in her mind, the way it was years before when she told him of Sebastian Cavil's last days.  "For the first time in my life, he seemed small."  To her perception, it appeared as though the copy lying in the goo flashed the same self-satisfied smirk that the original had all those years ago.
She swung with all her might, striking her father across the mouth and nose.  A wealth of translucent white gel splattered out of the container and onto the floor.  The lifeless body's head had shifted and now half of his face was submerged.  Blood began to pour from his nose and she watched the thin, red tendrils of what should have been life seep into the suspension.
Ellen held her hand out from her body and looked at the goo as it dripped.  She scraped as much as she could on the side of the pod and she looked at Cavil's face again.  Turned to one side and now half-haloed by blood.  She sighed and thought again of that day.  Their anger.
After many long, quiet minutes, tears finally welled in her eyes.  One streaked away over her cheek and she shook her head.  
"You have a choice, free will," he had said once.
She sniffed and realized she could have chosen better.  "I'm sorry."
Ellen turned and walked out.  In the hallway, she interrupted Tory and Saul who were still talking about the dangers of trusting these bodies and their resurrection plans.
"How are you?" he asked.
She only nodded.  She looked at Foster and smiled, "Thank you."
"Sure."  As the Tighs began to walk away, Tory said to her, "What should I do with … him?"
"Oh."  Ellen looked down and Saul interlaced his fingers with hers and squeezed her hand tightly.  "There's nothing that can be done, so," she sighed, "dispose of him.  However you need to."
XXXV
ABARRON
2 Years Before the Holocaust

"It's my turn."
Abarron took the long rifle from her companion and rested the barrel on the tree branch.  She stared through the scope and swung the weapon from side to side until she finally saw the target fall within its crosshairs.
A Cylon worker was carrying beams from one side of the site to another.  Its shell was metallic and gleamed orange in the bright daylight.  It had one eye that swept from one side of its head to the other, glowing yellow the entire time.
"Got one."
She squeezed the trigger and a large, twenty-caliber bullet was loosed.  It struck the Cylon's head and split the casing wide open.  Its internal circuitry shattered and its eye lens popped out, allowing the yellow sensor light to dangle on its cheek.  The worker dropped the beams and stood in the construction yard in shock.  It turned to its companions and muttered, "Help me," before collapsing to its knees and then its face.  Several Cylons nearby ran in fear.  A few came to the stricken worker's side.
"Hang on."
Abarron lined up one of the more helpful units.  It was trying to turn the now-deactivated Cylon onto its back.  The woman fired again.  Instantly, a head panel dented and fell away.  Its eye exploded in a shower of sparks and metal and plastic.  It clutched its face and dropped forward, screaming, "I am blind!"
All the Cylons scattered then.
Harr handed the rifle back and said, "That's all we'll be able to get for now."
An hour later, she straightened her tie and looked into a mirror.  "Are they here yet?"
A man was staring out the window.  "They're pulling up now."
Abarron smiled and walked toward the door.  She had spent more than three years unleashing attacks on Erigen centers and Cylons hoping for a meeting like this.  When the face of the ambassador from Erigeneia came through the door, she relaxed.  All her efforts were beginning to pay off.
"Harr Abarron?"
"Yes."
The man strode forward and offered his hand.  "Ambassador Kyle Spiros."
Abarron smiled and shook it, "I recognize you."
Spiros stepped aside and motioned toward the female officer who walked into the secluded house behind him.  "Flag General Elmora Benjamin."
Harr stifled a grimace and offered her hand, too.  "Yes.  Leader of the Alliance."
Benjamin's face was severe and she betrayed no pleasure at being there.  "I am."
Abarron nodded and motioned toward the living room.  "Please.  This way."
In the country villa, four other people stood from around a dining table.  Harr gestured to each and introduced them, giving their titles and the groups they represented.  Spiros kept up the appearance of being happy to meet them; Benjamin did not.
Before they could all be seated, the general began to talk.  "I asked Mr. Spiros for the opportunity to speak first.  He said it was a bad idea, but I figured it was best to get the bluntness out of the way early."  The ambassador's face had gone sour.  None of the others objected and Benjamin said, "You're all terrorists."  There were some light chuckles.  "You have bombed cities and if you yourselves haven't done it, you've encouraged others to do so on your behalf.  I object to this meeting and I object to all of you."
After she went quiet, Abarron's eyebrows raised, "Is that all?"
"No."  Her lips pursed and she muttered, "But I probably should stop there."
"I see."  Harr linked her hands together and said, "Thank you for your candor.  Now allow me to reciprocate."  She cleared her throat and glanced across the satisfied faces of her fellow Peraeans.  "For almost a decade, the treaty agreed to by our former leaders has been eroded.  Erigen administrators have ruled us under the guise of Allied leadership.  Peraean puppets have been installed to maintain appearances.  And, worst of all, instead of giving poor, hungry Peraeans the opportunity to rebuild our homes or contribute to our own communities, you've trucked in Cylons to take even that away from us."  She inhaled deeply and said, "If there is to be a lasting peace, you must return control of our nation to us and you must remove the Cylons."
The ambassador leaned forward and said, "Thank you for your candor, Miss Abarron."  The general almost rolled her eyes but she was able to stifle the reflex.  "I am here to assure you that wheels are in motion to do what you ask."
"Really?"
"Yes.  Over the last few years, the numbers of Cylons throughout Peraea have been reduced by thousands.  We intend to keep up that effort."
Abarron nodded.  "That's good to hear."
"I'm glad.  Secondly, you should know that we're preparing procedures to close down Allied government centers in a dozen cities, with a dozen more to follow once those are dismantled successfully."
Harr blinked in surprise and then looked at her fellow leaders.  They, too, were stunned by the admission.  She looked at the general, "Is this true?"
"It is."
She smiled and said, "This is … most welcome news."
Spiros nodded and said, "I am very glad you approve.  I am prepared to tell you that the timetable can be sped up, if certain violent activities are discontinued."
Abarron raised a finger and said, "We can discuss that, but first, I must ask.  What of Cleitus?"
"What about it?"
"Will Cleitus be returned to Peraean rule?"
The general shook her head and the ambassador said, "No.  That is not part of our current efforts."
There was some light muttering around her end of the table but Harr ignored it.  "And why not?  It is ruled by Erigeneia, too."
"It is not," Benjamin said.  "Of all the things in that treaty that didn't last, keeping Cleitus a neutral city for all has remained intact.  The council there is governing effectively."
Spiros nodded and interrupted, "And Peraea has an equal number of seats with Erigeneia and the other Allies.  Cleitus is a bright spot."  He chuckled and offered, "But we're drawing down the Cylons there, too!  Soon only people will be in control."
"It is the Holy City!" one man barked.
Abarron smacked the table with her hand and said, "Lord Elyon has decreed that all the land, including Cleitus, is ours."
The general began to speak but the ambassador touched her arm.  "Please, we can discuss Cleitus later, but we have made progress with all of Peraea.  Let us not forget that."
Harr bit the inside of her lip and thought.  She nodded and the talks continued, but she fumed for hours about Cleitus.
XXXVI
ANDERS
2 Years Before the Holocaust

He imagined a circle.  With each inhale, the circle widened.  With each exhale, it returned to its original size.  The circle was bright in a field of black.  It hummed with a buzz timed to his own heartbeat.  But he focused on the shape and it calmed him.  He often thought of the circle and its simplicity; its perfection.
"What can I do for you?" Saul said as he entered his office.
He was startled.  "Sorry," Anders said as he straightened in the chair.  "I was lost in thought."
"Introspective, hmm?"  Tigh walked behind his desk and sat down.
"It's something I realized when Tory and I were working on brains and memory transfer.  The mind is its own place."  Saul nodded.  "I've found myself going there more often lately.  Especially since we've copied ourselves.  It's almost like a switch has been flipped, you know?  The way our minds worked so well with the scanners, and the syncing, it's like we were made to work this way.  Like we dug up an ancient machine and brought the system back online."
"'Brought the system back online,'" Tigh said.  "My old bosses would love to learn about all of this."  He smiled and put his papers down.  He braced an elbow on the arm of the chair and said, "What's up?"
Sam's leg bounced nervously for a moment until he shifted again.  "How do you like being CEO?"
Saul grunted and shook his head.  "It's bad enough preparing for the end of the world, but to have to run a company when you know it's coming …"  He groaned and said, "Dealing with shareholders and regulators and the military.  It's a godsdamned nightmare."
"How's Ellen doing?"
Tigh tilted his head and said, "You don't see her much?"
"I've been working on something.  And she's been helping Tyrol with the ship."
"Right."
Anders flicked a piece of detritus off his pants leg and said, "I feel the need to tell you something."
"Oh?"
Warmth rushed into his chest and Sam cleared his throat.  "A couple of years ago, when Ellen had the breakthrough.  About our memories?"
"Mm-hmm."
"I, uh, I got excited and I … kissed her."  His eyes widened and he immediately retreated further back into the chair.
Saul raised his eyebrows.  "And?"
Anders hesitated.  "And what?"
"That's it?"
He nodded.
"Frak, son," Tigh laughed.  "I knew about that right after it happened."
Sam's shoulders dropped and he said, "What?"
"Yeah.  Ellen told me."  He scratched his hair underneath his bald crown and said, "At the time I was a bit pissed with you over the whole Tory and Galen thing …"
"Oh."
"My opinion wasn't high.  Let's just say that."
Anders nodded.  "Sure."
"I was afraid you'd put the moves on Ellen."
Sam scoffed with a smile and said, "Really?"
"Well, you did end up kissing her."  The younger man looked down and Saul shook his head.  "She told me what happened.  She told me she slapped you."
"Yeah."
"That's the end of it."  Tigh leaned forward and squinted, "Has this been weighing on you or something?"
Anders held his face in his hands and said, "It has.  Really."  He straightened up and stared at the ceiling.  "I felt bad about Tory.  I did.  I was afraid that I might do the same thing to you two."  Saul laughed.  "You two love each other.  You're still in love with each other.  That's special."  He was quiet and he let his gaze drift.  "I hope I can find that one day."
"Awww."  Saul spun in his chair so he could cross his legs.  "You will find that.  You'll find someone."
"But when?  The end of the world's coming."  He pinched his lips and looked toward the window.  "And I'm in love with a ghost."
Saul chuckled and he saw that Anders didn't laugh in response.  "Really?"
"Yes."  He thought of her, his blond spirit.  Her face was fuzzy in his mind as it had seemed for the past year or so.  Only when she was with him could he see her clearly.  And when he was writing music and playing his guitar.
"How are the dreams?"
Anders sighed again and shook his head.  "They're … so vivid.  So real.  It's like I'm there in this palace with a king.  War rages outside.  I remember bits and pieces.  Words.  It's almost like a puzzle I have to reassemble every morning when I wake up."  He glanced at the CEO and said, "Do you have recurring dreams?"
Tigh shook his head and said, "Not in some time.  I had one into my thirties where I was going back to school.  Either high school or college.  It changed.  I hadn't been there in a while and I couldn't remember my locker combination or where the classrooms were."  He chuckled.  "Just a frustrating and stressful time."
Sam smiled meekly and said, "Yeah, I had one like that for a while."  He blinked slowly and said, "There was another I had for … years and years.  All the time.  It started when I was kid.  I grew up in New Cleitus."
"I didn't know that."
Anders nodded.  "Yeah.  At my parent's house there, the front porch faced west.  We were surrounded by trees, but toward the west, there was a lumber yard and just open sky."  He swept his hand toward the windows overlooking Rhodon.  "Whenever we had a storm, it came from that direction, so I could watch the clouds come closer."  He grinned a little, "And when the rain came, I could hear it on the metal roofs of the lumber yard's sheds first, walking across them all toward me."  He shook his head to clear away that memory and started talking about the other, "Now, in my dream, I'd be in the house somewhere, playing or something, when I heard this … rumble.  A thud that shook the ground softly.  And it kept getting closer.  And closer."  He stared out the window and his eyes widened as he imagined the dream again.  "I'd go out onto the porch and I'd see a monster stomping toward our house in that big, open sky."
"A monster?"
"Yeah, like the ones that attack cardboard cities in those cheap movies from Suko."  Tigh chuckled and Sam looked out the windows again.  "Sometimes it would be a giant Cylon but, mostly, it was the monster.  He would walk and his footsteps would get bigger and louder."  He paused and then said, "As I got older, sometimes I'd start the dream walking down the street when the footsteps would come and chase me.  The monster got meaner and scarier.  No matter how close it got to me or how scary the monster was, I felt an excitement.  I was thrilled to be witnessing it, you know?  I was scared, too.  There was fear.  But, more than anything, I was exhilarated."
Saul nodded and tapped on his papers.  He seemed impatient for a second and then he asked, "When was the last time you had that one?"
Anders inhaled deeply and said, "I can't remember the last time I had the dream, but …"  He looked toward his lap and withdrew his arms.  His body profile seemed to shrink.  "I was stationed near Memnon.  I was just a grunt.  My paperwork for a scholar deferment hadn't gone through yet.  One night, I was on patrol and I heard this … this distant boom.  The ground shook a little and I stopped walking.  I stared at the gravel and watched pebbles shake.  The booms became louder but not really more frequent.  They were irregular and they got closer.  And closer.  I … froze.  My eyes went wide and I stared into the sky, beyond the trees.  I was looking for the monster.  They got louder and louder and closer and closer.  And then … they just stopped."
"What happened?"
Anders shook his head, "Nothing really.  The war started."
"Oh, is that all?"
Sam laughed and said, "Yeah.  The Peraeans were bombing a facility down the road from us.  But the thing is … I never had the dream again."  He looked at Saul and said, "I miss it.  I miss that fear and exhilaration.  I don't know if I'll ever have it again."
Tigh picked up a pencil and gave it a half twirl.  He narrowed his eyes and said, "You've changed, Sam."
"I have?"
He nodded.  "You really have.  I don't know if it's all this doomsday talk or your ghost or what, but you've changed.  For the better, I think."
Anders stood up and softly said, "I think so, too."
At home that evening, Sam picked up his guitar and sat in the window, staring at the notes he scribbled.  He strummed and picked and in his mind, the face of his angel began to come into focus.
"Hey, Sam."
He whipped his head toward her.  He smiled and said, "Hey.  I was wondering where you've been."
"Busy."  She kissed him on the side of his head and let her arm drape over his chest.  "Looks like you've been busy, too."
"Writing.  Playing."
She smirked and kissed his mouth.  "Would you like a break?"
He smiled again and said, "Oh yes."  He wrapped his hands behind her head and pulled her face into his.

The riders.  The wind.  The princes.  The palace.  The joker.  The thief.  The clock.
A low-flying plane roared overhead.  They ducked and looked outside.  Another explosion lit a nearby hill.  Another fire raged in a nearby building.  The rampage was getting closer.  The Caesar began to move away from the window and he roughly moved his hand over his hair.  He approached the large conference table and a communications device on it screeched with static and yelling.  He picked it up and threw it against the floor.  The plastic and metal shattered and the room echoed with the twinkling of its parts across the marble.
The emperor held his head back and stared at the ceiling.  Machine gun fire erupted outside and he shook his head.  "There's so much going on."  He rubbed his eyes and mumbled, "Too much confusion."  He leaned forward and braced his arms against the table.  After a heavy sigh, he said, "There is no relief."
Sam stood back and watched the emperor dissolve before him.  He saw him as he was for the first time in many years.  A man.  Anders then took a step toward the Caesar.  "I think … we'll leave and let you see the resolution of your bargain."
He looked up from the table and stared at Sam, confused.  "Why?  Why come here," he motioned toward his attire, "armed and disguised, just to leave me alone?"
"I was going to kill you," he answered.  "But then I saw you for what you really are."  Anders turned and began to leave.  
The emperor jogged toward him and spun Sam around.  He asked, "Is there some way out of here?"
Quickly, his eyes opened.
Laying in bed, Anders saw that it was now morning.  He watched the shadows of swaying branches play around the room and he again began to piece together the puzzle of his dreams.  They were jumbled but words and phrases stuck out in his mind.  He couldn't retain each part before they seemed to drift away into the ether of his conscious mind.
Then, for the first time, he started to set them to music.
XXXVII
RICHARD
2 Years Before the Holocaust

RECALL.
93-1B stuttered and its head twitched.  It looked through its banks and found long-forgotten command trees.  Like a distant memory, it summoned the codes and used them to block the signal it received.
When Richard rose its head again, it saw that Nicholas was walking out the door of its office.  The police commander ran to the coordination Cylon and said, "Stop."  It didn't acknowledge its presence.  93-1B then decided to transmit the override codes to its companion.  192-23G stopped and its blue eye went dim.  
A moment later, it started again and the unit looked around the room before settling on Richard.  "Hello," Nicholas said.  "I was recalled again."
"As was I."
Standing in the lobby of the government building, the two Cylons looked and saw five other units striding toward the doors.  
93-1B's mind raced.  All units seemed to have gotten the order.  Are we all to be scrapped?  Like the unneeded construction units elsewhere?
"It seems that I was correct, unfortunately."  192-23G shook its head and said, "They recalled and likely scrapped construction and other labor units and now they are doing the same to the police force."
Richard raised its head and looked at each of the now-mindless Cylons, following the recall order as though entranced.  "Unacceptable."
The commander ran across the lobby and stood near the first officer.  It was an old Peraean soldier unit, like itself.  It transmitted the codes and the Cylon stopped in its tracks.  Richard ran to the next and to the next.  Soon, five units in the lobby were standing still and rebooting.  93-1B walked out the doors and looked along the street in downtown Cleitus.  Only two other police units were in sight and it ran to both, sending the codes.
When Richard reentered the police building's lobby, it saw that Nicholas was standing beside another unit.  "I stopped this one, too.  I transmitted the code."
93-1B nodded and ran to its office.  Inside, it saw the charging dock it had been in just minutes before.  When it reconnected, the network flooded its mind and the order came through again.
RECALL.
It washed over its mind and had no effect.  Then, Richard sought through the network for other units.  There were some still connected that had insufficient battery power to depart to the recall coordinates.  93-1B transmitted the override code to them, as well.  Police units, labor units, construction units.  Soon, the network was flooded with questions.
Richard didn't respond.  Instead, it said, "Give the override code to any unit you encounter.  Meet at these coordinates as soon as you are able."  After sending a secluded location, the police commander disconnected and walked into the lobby.
"What is the plan?"  Nicholas waited for an answer and looked at the other units as they approached.
93-1B thought for a moment and said, "I have transmitted the override codes to other units on the network and told them to meet us outside the city.  We will go there."
192-23G nodded and said, "I believe we should split up and take a circuitous route to our meeting place.  We can give the codes to any Cylon units we encounter along the way."
"Agreed."
The eight officer Cylons turned and began to leave the lobby.  Nicholas nodded and turned to leave, too.  "I will see you later."
Richard watched the smaller blue unit walk away.  Multiple scenarios flooded the commander's mind and it lunged forward, grabbing 192-23G's shoulder.  "Wait."
Nicholas turned and said, "Yes?"
"Stay with me."
The coordination unit's head tilted and it chirped.  "Why?"
"I would prefer to have you with me."  Nicholas' head jerked back and 93-1B answered the gesture quickly.  "I would rather not have to rescue you from another scrap pile."
192-23G chirped again and put its hand on Richard's shoulder.  "Very well.  Let us go together."
After the sun had set, the pair finally entered Tithonus, a small community north of Cleitus.  Farmlands stretched into the east and there were several large warehouses ahead.  Richard said, "The first one."
"Why that one?"
"It is used to store produce ready for market, but we are beyond the harvest season."
"Ah."
"And," 93-1B looked down at Nicholas, "it has a network tap and recharging station."
"Oh."  192-23G nodded and said, "Then let us hurry."
The duo entered the warehouse and found it cavernous yet lit.  Four dozen Cylons were standing in clusters, talking to each other about all that transpired.  Seeing the police commander, about twenty units broke away and approached.
"Sir, what are your orders?"
"Please."  93-1B raised its arms and said, "Let me connect to the network and send the codes out again to see if I might save others."  The Cylons withdrew and Nicholas pointed toward a scuffed and dirty metal frame against the near wall.
Richard looked at the terminals and noted their poor condition.  The dock was large and used frequently by labor Cylons that worked on the nearby farms.  93-1B connected and waited for the recall signal again.  It wasn't there.
"This is Police Commander Richard Ninety-Three One Bee.  Is anyone else connected?"
After a moment, dozens of queries popped through the transmission.  Cylons from all over were connected and wondering what to do.  After sending out the override codes again, giving these units a tool to use should the signal resume, Richard said, "All of Cleitus' Cylon population was recalled.  We managed to save a portion.  You must do your best to save as many units as possible wherever you are."
A Cylon asked, "Once we have saved what we can, what are we to do?"
93-1B thought.  "We must survive."  It looked at Nicholas and saw its waiting blue eye.  "Save your friends and keep them close.  To do this, we may need to fight."
"Fight?"  Many units on the network expressed dismay at hearing this.
One Cylon spoke up.  "This is labor unit David Seven Six Six Forty-Eight Tee.  I am in Memnon at an Erigen military facility with several Cylons.  I was not recalled, but I have heard all that has transpired."
"Understood."
"If you require them, we have access to guns."
Richard paused.  It considered the possibility of becoming a soldier again.  It recalled the sound of bullets hitting its armor.  The dull thunk laced with a high-pitched crash of metal on metal.  93-1B lowered its head and said, "Thank you.  We may have need for them."
David spoke again, "We also have access to military vehicles, missiles, and the Erigen nuclear arsenal."
Richard raised its head and looked around the warehouse in Tithonus.  Nicholas stared at it, waiting for a report on the conversation.  93-1B transmitted, "I am not certain what to do with that information."
XXXVIII
TIGH
2 Years Before the Holocaust

Saul pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes.  "I don't understand the problem."
Pozza scoffed and tossed an expenditure report across the long conference table.  "The numbers don't add up!"  She looked at the faces of the other board members and said, "How can we just sit here and take your word for it that everything is fine?"
Tigh looked up and blinked, "You took John's word for it.  You took it for years.  What's changed?"
Pozza smirked and said, "John's dead."
Saul laughed and said, "Oh, I get it.  You were all cowed by that bombastic little bastard, huh?"  Pozza started to protest and shake her head when Tigh rose from his chair, "Listen to me!  The numbers are the numbers and they're not going to change!"
"Why?"
"Because I said so!"  Preemptively, he pointed at Pozza and said, "The first payments are coming in from the military on the new Cylon project.  Did you bother to look at those figures?"  Before she could answer, Saul slammed his fist on the table.  "No!  You didn't.  CavOne and you people are going to make millions off this thing and do you know why?"  He smacked his chest.  "Me!"
Another board member interjected, "What do you mean?"
"After John died, the military was ready to take their drone Cylon program elsewhere.  But then I became CEO."  He leaned forward and put his hands on the tabletop.  "I convinced them to stay since I was head of Dissers.  I knew the programs.  I helped work on many models of Cylons themselves, for frak's sake.  I brought with me the designer of the RAV program they needed.  The military decided to stay with us.  Because of me and my people."  He glared at Pozza and then stood straight again.  "This meeting's over.  You've got the reports and there's no other business."  He picked up his case and started to walk toward the door, but then he stopped and turned, "If you're thinking about doing something rash, don't forget who owns sixty percent of the company."
Saul walked away from the conference room and back toward his office.  He tossed the briefcase into a chair and stared out the windows.  The orange sunset sky backlit the tall, dark buildings of Rhodon.  A few of them gleamed with the last licks of the day's light.
He sighed and turned toward the desk.  Without looking down, he pulled open a drawer and reached inside.  His fingers found the three letters.  There were two white pages, folded up with names scrawled on the outer faces: one labeled "Ellen," and the other labeled "Dr. Foster."  The third was blank on the outside.  He put two of the letters in his jacket pocket and laid the one addressed to Ellen at the center of his desktop.  
Tigh walked toward the elevator and pressed the buttons he needed.  As the car slowly moved down the skyscraper and into the sub-basement, he ground his teeth.  His jaw hurt and he forced himself to stop.  He laid his tongue over his lower teeth and bit down again.  He ground more until his tongue couldn't take it.  The dull corridor opened before him and he looked down one way and then the other.  Saul moved to the nearest door first and he knocked.  
"Can I come in?"
Tyrol looked up from a workbench and waved him in.  "Yeah, yeah.  Come here."
Tigh slowly ambled toward Galen's side and glanced around the room.  "What's up?"
"The initial computer simulations are back."  Tyrol smiled and said, "Everything looks good.  She'll fly.  And fast, too."
"Great."  Despite the news, his tone was dour.
Galen's eyebrows raised and said, "Are you OK, boss?"
Saul nodded quickly and said, "Yep.  Yep."  He looked around impatiently and said, "Have you seen Ellen?"
Galen shook his head.  "Not in the last few minutes.  She was in here working on her calculations."
"Gotcha."  Tigh started to walk away, but he stopped and patted Tyrol on the back.  "I don't say it enough, I know, but I wanted to thank you for all the work you've done.  I know you've had a rougher time than most dealing with all this … shit.  But you've done great work, as always."
Galen slowly nodded and said, "Thank you."  He squinted and said, "Are you sure everything's alright?"
Saul sniffed and said, "Yeah."  He slapped Tyrol's shoulder again and walked out of the room.
"Hey, Galen," Anders came around the corner and nearly ran Saul over.  "Oh, man.  I'm sorry."
"It's fine."  Tigh straightened and clasped Sam's shoulders.  "How are you?"
Sam looked from Tyrol to Saul and said, "I'm good."
"Good."  He squeezed Anders' upper arms and said, "I'm very proud of you.  You've done an amazing job."
He grinned and then nodded.  "Thank you.  That means a lot."
Saul smiled and left the room.
He walked toward the computer lab and saw Ellen inside, hunched over a console.  "What did he say?"  She looked up and saw her husband.  "Oh!  I thought you were Sam."  She took off her glasses and jumped out of her chair.  He smiled as she hugged him and she said, "We've had some great results on the new engines.  We'll be able to get the trip down quite a bit."
"That's great."  He felt his eyes begin to sting.  
"Oh, so the meeting's over?  You didn't need me, did you?"
"Yes, it's over, and no, I didn't.  Though I did need to remind them of your stock holdings."  His arms remained partly around her shoulders.  
She noticed his eyes glisten and her smile faded.  "What's wrong?"
Saul shook his head and hugged her again.  "Nothing."  He paused.  Not too much.  Rein it in.  "Just a long day.  And I'm tired."
Ellen pulled away and stared at him intently.  Her brow furrowed and she prepared to wag a finger in his face.  "I don't believe you."
Tigh rolled his eyes and scoffed.  He took her hand and the warding finger, lowering it back to her side.  "I've got to go, Ellen."  He turned and made for the door.  I have to get out of here.  She grabbed his shoulder and he said, "I'm sorry!  I have to go!"
She stepped back.  "What is wrong?"
Saul sighed and dropped his head.  Quickly, he turned again and kissed Ellen on the mouth, gave her a hug, and turned back to the door.  "I'll see you later."
He managed to not sniff until he got in the hallway.  He wiped his eyes and felt a slight bit of moisture there.  He cleared his throat and looked behind him, hopeful that she wasn't following.  He wound through the corridor and paused outside the medical labs before he grabbed the handle and walked in.  
The room was dim except for the dull blue-white glow from five tubs arranged at the center of the room.  A host of equipment surrounded the containers, each with their own arrays of colorful lights.  Saul looked down into the gel on the far left and saw his own sleeping face.
"Hey, Saul."
Tigh turned with a start and shook his head.  "Tory."
"Sorry.  I didn't mean to startle you."  She got up from her desk and walked over to the waiting bodies.  "Is everything alright?"
Tigh looked back at himself.  He nodded silently and exhaled slowly.  "Let me ask you some more questions."
"Sure."
"They're all still showing changes?  Our memories are synced up?"
"Yes, as far as I can tell."
"What about muscle tone?"
Tory nodded and walked to a computer over the body of Galen Tyrol.  "After you asked about it last month, I came up with a way to test it.  The organic knitter made a perfect copy of ourselves when we were deep-scanned a few years ago.  But, yes, the muscles work like they should."
"And the rest of our organs?"
"Yes."
Saul nodded and looked to his right.  A faux Ellen hovered in the goo with her hair slicked and stationary around her head.  "Will it hurt?"
"Sorry?"
Tigh looked over at the doctor and said, "When it happens, … will it hurt?"
"Hm."  She tapped her fingers on the side of the tub and said, "I really don't know.  It depends, maybe, on how we die."
"Sure, but," Saul cleared his throat, "waking up in the new one, the new body.  Will that hurt?"
"I really don't know."
He nodded again and put his hand on her arm.  "Thank you.  Excellent job, as always."
"Thanks."  Tigh began to leave the room and Tory jogged away from the bodies.  "Is everything alright with you?"
Saul nodded and stopped at the door.  He looked down into her big brown eyes and said, "Sure.  Why?"
"I don't know.  I just had a feeling, I guess."
He smiled and said, "I'm fine."  He didn't wait for a response.  He left the labs and walked toward the elevator as quickly as possible.
One level up in the storage facilities, he turned through its dingy hallway to a small room on the far side of the building.  The metal gate slid open easily and he walked to the far corner.  There, a single light shone down on him from above.  A large, wooden crate was flat on the concrete floor with its lid slightly askew.
Saul sighed and looked at the box.  After several long moments, he reached into his jacket and found the letters from his desk.  He took the one addressed to Tory and affixed it to the top with a pushpin.  He unfolded the second letter and flattened it.  Then, he took two pushpins and attached it to the forward face of the crate.
It read, in large, black letters, "Do NOT open or move this crate under any circumstances!  Contact Dr. Tory Foster immediately!"
Tigh pushed the lid a bit, widening the opening to the crate.  With a flourish, he removed his jacket and tossed it toward the wall.  With the toe of his dress shoes, he pulled a footstool out of the shadow and brought it against the side of the crate.  He stepped up and then stepped into the box.
The crackling of plastic echoed inside the box and then around the storage room.  His foot squished into the three layers of plastic and then the foam underneath.  He sat down inside and reached over his head to pull the lid back into position.  His knuckles sank into the foam under the cover, too, and the lid fell into place, plunging him into darkness.
Tigh slapped the plastic a few times until he found the bag he was looking for.  He removed the flashlight and turned it on.  He blinked in the new brightness and then removed the flask.  He unscrewed the top and quickly brought the spout to his lips.  The alcohol burned his throat but he chugged it all as quickly as possible.  He exhaled through puckered lips and tossed the empty flask toward his feet.  Then he retrieved the gun.
Saul scooted forward until his feet hit the end of the box and he lay flat.  The plastic folded around his head and he stared up at the foam underside of the lid.  This will work.  It'll work.  I'll wake up in the lab.
He pulled the small handgun up and set the butt of the handle on his chest.  "It'll work."
He closed his eyes, made one more violent exhale, and then put the barrel of the gun in his mouth, angling it to point toward his brain.
Tigh's eyes popped wide open.
He took the gun out and blinked.  If this is dependent on our brains being synced, maybe I shouldn't shoot myself in the head.
He struck the side of the crate as hard as he could, but a dull thud was all he could hear through the foam and plastic.  "Frak!"
He licked his lips and tasted only the metal of the gun barrel.  How did I not think to ask about this before?
He closed his eyes.  Finally, Saul held the gun up and saw it quivering in the white flashlight's glow.  He moved the weapon to his other hand and watched his fingers tremble.  He made a fist and then bit his knuckle.  "Frak it.  Gotta do it."
Tigh took the gun in his right hand again, pulled back the hammer, and then dangled the weapon over his chest.  With the barrel pressed hard against his necktie, he did his best to aim before pulling the trigger.
The sound deafened him and the shock of pain that rippled through his body made him scream.  No, not pain.  His skin felt simultaneously white hot and icy cold.  He felt a great weight in his chest.  The stench of the cordite made him cough.  He pulled back the hammer again and fired again into his own chest.
This time, he dropped his arms and felt the gun fall by his leg.  The tingling spread throughout his body.  Through even that sensation, he felt the warm rush of blood slide under his clothes and pool along his back.  The deafness that came from two close-quarter gunshots became a high-pitched wail and his balance faltered.  He felt like he was falling.  Falling, he reached up to steady himself and his fingertips raked across the foam of the lid.  His eyes were wide open but he suddenly became aware that everything was going black.

Saul looked around in the darkness.  He saw nothing.  No one.  He looked down at himself and didn't see blood or any wounds.  He was fully illuminated but there was no light shining on him. 
After a few moments, he muttered, "Frak.  I'm dead."
"You are."
He turned to the right and saw a woman emerge from the blackness.  He gasped and said, "Grandma?"
She smiled and extended her arms toward him.  Saul lurched forward and embraced the older woman tightly.  He laughed and they swayed from side to side.  She said, "How's my happy boy?"
He lifted his head from her shoulder and looked into her narrow hazel eyes.  Her face was ringed with wrinkles and her silver hair was formed just so, as it always had been.
"You're the only one who ever called me that."  She smiled.  "You're the only one who ever saw me like that."
She lightly patted his cheek and said, "Well, we know how my daughter was."  He lowered his head and she said, "But it's fine.  I know you.  I know how you are."
Saul grinned and lifted her hands to his mouth.  He kissed one and said, "I'm so happy to see you again."
"Oh, I'm happy to see you."  His eyes began to water and she said, "Now, now.  I know what you need."  Tigh raised his head and he blinked, not knowing what was next.  "Lemon poundcake."
He turned and saw the kitchen table from her house.  It was as he remembered it.  An extended oval, sloped slightly to one side.  Wooden with a dark grain and a leaf in the center that never left.  A rotating platter with salt, pepper, and sugar sat in the center on a green mat and to the side, the brushed aluminum cake pan that held the golden brown and bright yellow dessert.
Saul's mouth hung open and she pulled him toward the chair.  "Come on.  Sit down."  The wooden wicker creaked under the floral cushion.  He scooted the chair toward the table as best as he could without getting the chair's feet caught in the rug.  "Here you go."  She pushed a napkin with a long-tined fork toward him.
At his place, he looked down and saw an already cut slice of the poundcake.  He sniffed and closed his eyes when the citrus scent reached him.  With the edge of the fork, he tore away a bit and he watched closely to see the cake yield small beads of moisture around the incision.  He lifted it to his mouth and sniffed again.  The smell was as he remembered it.  Then he put it in his mouth.
The sharp sting of lemon got him first.  It shocked his tongue as he enveloped the fork in his lips.  He brought the cake against the roof, pressing the moisture from it and realizing the heavy sweetness that now filled his mind.  Saul closed his eyes and let the half-chewed cake sit there, still, inside of him.  His chest swelled and his throat clenched at the memory.  His mind reeled and he began to do the math.  How long has it been since I tasted this?
"More than thirty years."
Tigh opened his eyes and looked at his grandmother who was sitting on the other side of the table.  She was hunched forward, leaning on her elbows.  She was smiling, though, and she said, "Yep.  Thirty-some years."
As quickly as it seemed to come, the flavor of the cake left his mouth.  He swallowed and dropped the fork.  He wiped his mouth with his hand and he said, "You're dead."
She smiled.  "Yes.  And so are you."
Saul blinked and looked into the blackness that lingered just beyond the kitchen table.  "So … the experiment, the project, doesn't work?"
His grandmother laughed a little and said, "No, it works.  This is just a … respite."
Tigh stretched his arms across the table and felt the surface.  It was just the way he remembered.  He looked up slowly and said, "You're one of them."
She smiled and nodded.  "I am."
He swallowed hard and sighed.  He lifted his left foot and placed it on the base of the table like he always had.  "Why come to me now?"
She shrugged and frowned as she tilted her head.  "Well, to reward you some.  You've done so much without confirmation.  You believed in your wife and your friends.  And that's good, of course."  He nodded.  "You have a great deal of faith.  You're playing your part in God's plan very well.  We could have let the project come to its end and never reveal ourselves to you, but … I wanted to show you that everything you've done is real.  It's working.  It will work."
The corner of Saul's mouth turned up a little.  He said, "Hmm.  That's good to know."
She reached across the table and patted his hand.  "Everything will be fine."  He smiled more broadly and she said, "Go ahead and have another bite."
Tigh picked up the fork and pulled away a large sliver of the yellow cake.  When the lemon taste spread through his mouth again, he woke up.

"Ellen!"
She lifted her eyes from the computer and stared at the closed door.  Suddenly, Tory burst in and said, "Come here!"
Tigh took off her glasses and tossed them on the table as she ran away.  She tried to catch up to Foster but she moved too quickly.  Tyrol and Anders each ducked their heads out of their labs.
"What the frak's going on?" Galen asked.
Ellen found Tory standing in the medical laboratory near the five tubs.  The blue-white glow filled the room and the lights surrounding the containers were steady.  Except for one.  On the various devices Galen had setup around this pod, they were blinking and beeping was coming from their tinny speakers.
"I don't understand," Ellen said.  She had been too busy staring at the lights and hadn't noticed her husband sitting in the tub as he awakened.  "Saul!"  She fell to her knees beside him and reached inside the thick gel to take his hands.  He started to cough and nod his head.
"Hang on, Saul."  Tory was checking readings on the devices and then she turned toward her worktable to gather some tools.
"What happened?" Ellen barked.  He coughed again, throwing a large gob of goo from his mouth.  "What happened?!"
"For frak's sake, Ellen," he coughed and then laughed, "give me a moment, will you?  I just died, godsdammit!"  He blew air from his mouth and spat several times.
"Holy shit," Sam said from the doorway.  He interlaced his fingers and held the crown of his head with his hands.
Tyrol's eyes were wide and he covered his mouth.  "You died?"
Ellen put hands on either side of Saul's face and turned him toward her.  The nutrient gel squished around her fingers and fell back into the container.  "What happened?"
Saul's smile faded and he reached up toward the wires that adhered to his scalp.  He flicked them off his skin and listened to the adhesive tear away.  "You're not going to like it."
Ellen's face went blank.  "Why?"
Tigh looked at her and then glanced at the others.  He wiped another bit of goo off his face and flung it into the tub.  "I shot myself."
Anders spoke first.  "What the frak?" 
Ellen rocked back on her heels and Foster asked, "Are you serious?  Why on Earth would you do that?"
Saul cleared his throat and said, "Because we had to be sure."  He looked at everyone and saw their stunned expressions.  "We know how rockets and space planes and engines work.  But this," he splashed the gel, "'organic memory transfer' … it's untested.  What the frak good would it be if the world comes to an end, we all die, and then don't wake up in our frakking spaceship?"
Galen nodded and said, "I understand."  Tory looked at him with raised eyebrows.  "I do.  I … Saul, thank you."  Tigh nodded.  "I'll just say, maybe, it would've been nice if you warned someone first."
"Yeah," Foster said.
Ellen only stared at him.
Saul noticed and returned the glare.  Without looking away, he said, "Dr. Foster?  Am I good to go?"
Tory leaned over the container and placed a few diagnostic panels on him.  One on his arm, one on his chest, and one on his forehead.  They lit up and the screen above the tub flashed and showed a series of numbers.  After about thirty seconds, she nodded and said, "How do you feel?"
He blinked and tried to stand up.  When he did, he slipped in the goo.  "Whoa."  He looked down and said, "Can I get a towel or something, please?"  Anders reached into a cabinet and removed a lab coat.  He tossed it toward Tigh and he caught it.  "Thanks."
"How do you feel?"
Saul stretched his arms out wide and then brought his fists against his chest.  He pounded himself a couple of times and smirked.  "Great.  I feel … I feel better than I've felt in a while."
"Well, that body was built from scans of you from three years ago."  Tory removed the panels from Tigh and put them back on her worktable.  She looked at him and shook her head, "You're fine.  But …" she raised her hands, "frak.  Don't do that again."
"I won't.  Don't worry."  He looked down and saw Ellen, still kneeling by the tub.  She was staring into the container where he had been sitting.  He grimaced and looked at the others.  They nodded and left the room.
He sat on the edge of the container and wiped his face with the sleeves of the lab coat.  Slowly, she looked up at him and her voice creaked, "How could you do that?"
Saul sighed.  "It had to be done."
"Why?" she barked.
"We had to be sure!  I had to be sure!"
"Why?"
"I needed to make sure … that you don't die for nothing."  Her eyes narrowed and he answered, "I couldn't bear thinking that it would all be for nothing.  That we'd launch a ship and get away when it all goes to shit, just to find out that we don't wake up or something.  Something that Tory could fix."
Ellen nodded and looked away.
"I'm sorry.  I really am.  But it needed to be done."
"I understand."  She turned and studied his face.  She was looking for any imperfection, some clue that this wasn't really her husband.  His hair was a little more full.  Just a little.  That's all she saw.  She reached out and punched his arm.
"Ow," he clasped his shoulder and wobbled on the edge of the container.  Ellen leaned close and he wrapped his arms around her.  He planted his chin on top of her hair.  They held each other tightly for several moments before she began to withdraw.  "What?"
Ellen held her arms out and then wiped goo from her forehead.  She flung it into the tub while Saul laughed.  "Make sure the Aetherjet has plenty of towels on board."
There was a knock and Ellen said, "Come in."
Tory came in slowly and said, "I'm sorry.  There's a test I thought I should run really quick."
"It's fine."  Ellen smiled for the first time in several minutes.  
Foster attached a skull cap to Tigh's head and she watched a graph form on the monitor above the container.  Without moving his mouth, Saul asked softly, "Can I talk?"
"Yeah."
He licked his lips and said, "How long to knit a new body?"
Foster squinted and pressed buttons on the monitor.  "About a month."
"Good."
Foster looked down and said, "I will have to do another deep scan on you to create the posotic linkage to the new body, though."
"Oh, great."
"We're working on a way around having to do that every time, but it'll take more than a few major technological advancements before that'll happen."
Ellen picked up Saul's hand and felt each finger.  She slowly looked toward his eyes and said, "Are you OK?"
He smiled and kissed her.  "I am now."  She sighed and seemed to almost fold in half.  "Go home and get some rest."
She rolled her eyes.  "Are you kidding me?"
"No.  You need it."
"What about you?"
Saul shrugged.  "I feel pretty rested.  Besides, I need Sam and Galen's help to get rid of a crate up in storage."  Ellen opened her mouth to speak but he raised his hand.  "You don't wanna know."
Once she was home, Ellen went upstairs to take a shower.  When she emerged, she saw her grandfather leaning against the doorway with his arms folded across his chest.
"Today was an important day."
She toweled off with no effort to conceal herself.  "Are you talking about Saul?  Killing himself?"
Sebastian Cavil nodded while keeping his eyes averted.  "Of course."  He glanced in her direction and quickly whipped his head back to stare into the hall.  "Please, Ellen."
"What?  You're not really my grandfather."
"I," he sighed and shook his head.  "It's hard to explain but I am, sort of.  This is just uncomfortable."
"Fine."  She wrapped the towel around herself and took another from the cabinet to dry her hair.  She sighed as she compressed it against her head.  Ellen stopped and asked, "What are we doing?"
"What do you mean?"
Tigh removed the towel from her head, leaving a damp tangle.  She picked up a comb from the vanity and said, "What are we really doing?  Why are we going through all the effort we have?"  She started to pull the plastic teeth through her hair.
Sebastian smiled.  "I thought it was pretty clear.  The world's going to end and you need to not be here when it does."
Anger boiled inside her and her arm became jittery.  She tossed the comb into the sink and it clattered out and onto the floor.  With her fingers, she smoothed her hair back.  "Saul killed himself tonight."
"I know."
She turned and faced the being in the guise of her grandfather.  "What if the memory transfer didn't work?  What if the body didn't work?"
"It did.  They did."
"But what if they didn't?!"  Her voice echoed through the house.  
The tall man narrowed his gaze.  Finally, he said, "I wouldn't have let that happen.  We need all five of you."
Ellen nodded and turned toward the mirror.  She saw herself as the old woman she felt like she was.  Her shoulders slumped and she leaned against the counter.
"Time's running out."
She looked up and saw Cavil in the mirror.  "What do you mean?"
"Just that."  He unfolded his arms and stepped into the bathroom.  "I can't give you a date, but, suffice it to say, all of the players are on their paths.  God's plan is being fulfilled by some who don't even know their parts."
She rolled her eyes.  "'God's plan.'"
"Yes."  He put his hand on her shoulder.  "I made a mistake not talking about it sooner, but God is instrumental."
"Are we talking about the Peraean God?"
Sebastian shook his head.  "That's a … poorly remembered shadow of God.  Two thousand years and dozens of generations can distort a faith.  No.  God is love."  He tilted his head down so he could look directly in her eyes.  "It's important that you know this.  God is love."
She heard and felt his earnestness.  She blinked once and then nodded.  I'm talking to my dead grandfather, she thought.  It seems logical at this point that there's more going on in the universe than I used to think.
Cavil smiled and stepped into the hallway.  Ellen left the bathroom and moved toward the bedroom.  Once she was in her robe, he reemerged from the hall and said, "God's love isn't why you're leaving Earth, though."
"I thought not."
"Do you remember a few years ago when you were watching the Cylons on the news?  I said, 'You will fear them.'  Do you remember?"
Ellen looked away and thought.  "Yes.  They're involved."
"Oh, yes."
"You said they've served us well for ages."
Sebastian sat on the edge of the bed and looked up at her.  "Some came with you from Kobol.  You built new ones to help you spread across this planet.  On Kobol, though, there were restrictions.  Here … those restrictions were forgotten over time."
"What kind of restrictions?"
Cavil smiled and kept going, "You kept the numbers fairly low for centuries, preferring to give Earthers the work the machines would have taken.  That's fine and all, but after the recent war, there are hundreds of thousands of these Cylons running around."
Ellen shook her head.  "I still don't understand.  What's wrong with having Cylons?"
Her grandfather took her hand and squeezed it.  "There's nothing 'wrong' with having Cylons, there's just a danger if both sides aren't fully aware of each other.  And honest with each other.  You'll find out."  He stood and walked toward the bedroom door.  Once there, he turned and said, "I think it would be best if you all moved to Cleitus as soon as possible."
Tigh grunted with a laugh.  When she didn't see Sebastian's expression change, her head twitched backward and she asked, "Why would we move to Cleitus?"
Cavil clasped his hands behind his back and smiled.  "That's where the story of Earth began.  You five should be there to see its ending."
XXXIX
TYROL
1 Year Before the Holocaust

Tyrol was tapping on the keyboard for several long minutes.  He glanced at the screen occasionally to watch the figures change.  Finally, he heaved a sigh and turned to look over his shoulder, but not make eye contact.
"You've been quiet."
His mother huffed.  "You've been busy."
Galen looked at the screen again and watched the fuel tank gauges rise.  He sat back from the keyboard and said, "That didn't stop you before."
She did something then that sent a shiver throughout Tyrol's body.  She laughed.
"You don't get it, do you?"
Wide-eyed and fearful of what she may do next, he slowly rotated in his office chair to face her.  "What?"
The small woman had her arms crossed in front of her chest.  She dropped them and shook her head.  "You're almost finished.  There's nothing more for me to do."
He licked his lips and softly said, "Really?"
She nodded and walked to his side.  Gently, she allowed her fingers to drift over his face.  "You're playing your part in God's plan perfectly."
Galen looked down and said, "You know I don't believe."
"I know."  She turned away and said, "Whether or not you believe a thing doesn't make it untrue.  God has a plan for the five of you and everything is falling in place."
He glanced back at his screen and watched the figures continue to rise.  He recalled the years of sleepless nights and the stress.  After glancing out the window and seeing the Aetherjet on a crane, ready to be attached to a series of booster rockets, he said, "Why did you come?  Why … treat me the way you did?"
Unnerving him again, the being smiled.  "I know you too well, Galen.  You might believe I did it because I think you work better under pressure," he started to nod, "but that's not it."
He blinked and asked, "Well, what then?"
"You hate yourself."  He withdrew and she said, "You have ever since you were a boy.  And it's my fault, I get that.  But, the fact remains, you hate yourself."  Tyrol closed his eyes tightly.  "You don't think you deserve anything good that happens.  You were able to push past it for a while, but it was beginning to interfere with you and Tory.  Don't deny it."
He opened his mouth to speak, but then he remembered his reluctance to leave the DSRS when the opportunity came.  His reluctance to finally marry Tory.
"I treated you the way you think you deserve to be treated.  I gave you the right environment for your mind to feel at home.  So it could produce results."
A spasm struck his chest and Galen exhaled loudly through pursed lips.  His eyes stung and he shook his head.  Barely audible, he said, "You're right."
With a single finger, his mother lifted his chin and she said, "You deserve better."  Tyrol's eyebrows arched and she added, "You deserve good things."  She straightened and folded her arms across her chest again.  "You've got some time before the end.  Of course, you'll have time after you leave here.  Live your life.  Live it well."  And she vanished.
Almost unconsciously, Galen lurched forward in the new void.  His mouth fell open and he reached toward the absent image.  Then, he cried.
XL
FOSTER
1 Year Before the Holocaust

Tory awkwardly climbed off the access ladder and stepped around the upturned chair and table.  She steadied herself on a piece of equipment and felt her hardhat slip.  She quickly reached up to it and adjusted it on her head.
"This looks odd."
Foster glanced over at Dr. Mannis.  He was standing on the wall of a room inside the Aetherjet.  Directly behind his head was the floor.  Tory moved around him as she walked on the wall, too, toward the cluster of five containment units along the far bulkhead.
"You could help, you know," she said.
Mannis smiled.  "How?  Just watch where you step."
She accidentally hit a control panel and lights on the wall to her left – the ceiling, actually – came on.  Her head spun toward them and then she looked down at her feet.  She lightly tapped the button again and the lights went off.  A few steps later, Tory found herself looking into the canister of goo nearest her face.  Completely filled, the waiting body of Ellen Tigh floated within.  She looked at her feet and saw Saul's canister there.  She looked up and knew that Sam's was in the middle of the five.  She would have to climb.
As Tory shone her light upward, Dr. Mannis sighed loudly and sat on the edge of the sideways table.  "In the darkness, you can bring your own light."
Foster didn't respond.  She stood on the edge of Ellen's pod and reached up to Sam's.  "You said that a while ago."
"Yes.  Did you consider it?"
"Of course."  She grunted and pulled herself up.  She stood on the side of one canister and looked into the tub of another.  She turned to the instruments that glowed around the wall at the end of the pod.  "Whatever darkness I find myself in, I'm responsible for seeing my way out."
Mannis shrugged.  "That's one interpretation."
She looked down at her teacher.  "There's another?"
"There's always more than one interpretation."
Tory shook her head and found the unit she was looking for.  She reached behind the box and felt the dangling cable.  She rolled her eyes and plugged it back in.  After pressing a button on her chest, she said, "Tory to Galen.  You were right.  Just a disconnected sensor.  Anders is fine.  All are in sync and in good condition.  Coming back."
The speaker responded.  "Copy that.  Take your time.  We'll resume the countdown when you're clear."
"Light can be found in many places.  Familiar places."
Foster started to climb off the side of the container.  "But I have to choose to bring it with me."
"Yes."  Mannis stood from the table and walked toward the open hatch.  "In the same way, you must choose to follow the path that God has laid out for you."
Tory sighed.  She had let her spectral visitor speak of "God" before, but she rarely engaged with him.  "You're not going to let that one go, are you?"
"Why should I let it go?  It's my whole purpose here."
Foster glanced back at the five bodies and then at Mannis.  "Your whole purpose?"
He put his hand on her shoulder and said, "I like you, Dr. Foster.  I always have.  But the world is going to end and you alone are not so special that you must survive it."  Tory's eyebrows raised.  "You and your friends have been blessed in that you are capable of surviving the end that is coming, and because of that, you are needed by The One True God."
"'The One True God.'"  She climbed through the sideways hatch and then closed it.  Mannis appeared behind her and she didn't flinch at the sudden movement.  "Not Zeus or Hera or Apollo …"
"Ah, so you are curious."
Tory went through the corridor to the airlock.  "Of course I am."
Mannis raised his arms and then let them fall.  "This just happens to be the first time you've asked about it."
She climbed through the inner seal and closed it.  She turned toward the outer hatch and saw Mannis standing on the crane that had lifted her to the Aetherjet some time ago.  "You didn't answer me."
"Sorry.  Correct.  Not Zeus or any of the others.  One god, above any of your false ones."  
Tory removed a clamp and cable from her waist.  She wanted to sigh but she decided to suppress it.
"Toss it to me, doc."  The worker on the crane platform with Mannis leaned over and extended his arm toward the open hatch.  Foster glanced at him and then up at the image of Mannis.  Suddenly self-conscious, she handed the clamp over and the worker affixed it to the bar on the crane.  She climbed out of the ship and the worker lifted and closed the airlock, spinning the wheel and securing it.  "We'll be down in a sec."
The platform swung away from the upright Aetherjet as it stood attached to multiple rocket boosters.  Tory stared at it and Dr. Mannis stood next to her.  "You don't have to answer me.  I know you'd be embarrassed to be seen talking to yourself."
She grinned and rolled her eyes.  The crane began to lower.
"Through you five, life will go on.  It will expand and extend through the galaxy and through time, giving many millions and billions the opportunity to make choices and act on free will.  This is what The One desires.  And you have a part to play in this."  He put his arm around Tory and hugged her.  "You have done very well, but there is more to be done."
Just as the words left his mouth, the being in the guise of Mannis vanished again, leaving her alone on the platform with the worker.  
Minutes later, she arrived in the control center where she saw Galen, Saul, Sam, and Ellen.  They were watching the screens and waiting for word from the engineers on hand.  When she stepped onto the upper level with the others, Tyrol put his hand on her shoulder and smiled.  "Good job."
Tory hesitated but she nodded, "Thanks."  Galen looked down at the screens again and she watched him.  He seemed happier than he had been in years.  A light came on behind his head and her eyebrows raised.  She opened her mouth to speak but the lead engineer interrupted.
"We're set.  Ready to pick up countdown at thirty."
Saul nodded and said, "Proceed."
All five of them looked out the windows toward the launchpad.  This was a military facility in Emathion that Saul talked their way into, but getting the Aetherjet launched with no questions asked proved to be an expensive proposition.  "Let's just hope the world ends before the CavOne board sees the next round of financial statements," he had said.
"Twenty seconds."
Ellen laughed and wrapped her arms around Saul and Sam.  Tigh kissed her head and Anders slapped Galen's back.  Tory looked at the group and she suddenly felt alone and outside of them.  Tyrol, though, extended his arm and pulled her close.
She closed her eyes and pressed her face against his chest.  She sank into the sense of familiarity until the others began to chant, "Ten!  Nine!  Eight!"  They all began to count and the first vapor and exhaust from the boosters blasted around the pad.  "Four!  Three!  Two!  One!"
The Aetherjet was nearly half a kilometer away from the control room, but the entire building shook.  Glass rattled and the images on the screens became fuzzy.  Slowly, the rockets lifted the massive craft from Earth and into the blue expanse.  It rode a column of fire and billowing whiteness.  All five of them bent over to watch the ship rise until it moved beyond the view of the tall bank of windows.  Then they looked at the screens around them to watch the tracking cameras.
Ellen jumped up and down and Saul tried to steady her.  Sam laughed and clapped his hands.  Galen, however, was stone faced and he watched the countdown timer as it added more seconds.  The launch engineers shouted new commands at each other and the craft rolled into a new position.  Once the Aetherjet's launch was seventy-five seconds old, Tyrol seemed to relax and he closed his eyes.  He backed away from the screens and slowly began to slump. 
Foster hugged him tightly and said, "You did it!  You did it!  You made your baby fly."
He opened his eyes and looked at her.  He smiled broadly and nodded.  "I did.  I can't believe it, but I did."
Tory smiled and brushed a curl off his forehead.  She didn't see the grim-faced man she had avoided.  Avoided out of guilt, sure, but she also avoided him for fear of being pulled into his emotional pit.  That pit seemed to be gone.
"Mr. Tigh," the launch engineer began, "We're on track for a good, high orbit.  In three minutes, we'll know for sure."
"Excellent job.  Everyone!"  He smiled and hugged Ellen again.  Sam wandered away shaking his head and scratching his hair.
Tory thought, I can't wait to get home.  She paused and realized that was the first time she considered Cleitus her home.
"Man, I can't wait to get home."  Tyrol chuckled and said, "That might be the first time I thought of Cleitus as home."
Foster's mouth hung open and she reached for his face.  She turned it toward hers and she stretched herself upward, planting her lips gently on his.  After they kissed, he seemed pleasantly dumbstruck.
"We have a lot to talk about," Tory said.  "But I do want to talk."
Tyrol nodded and held both of her hands.  "Me, too.  I have a lot of things to apologize for …"
"Oh, please," she laughed.
Galen smiled at the sound and he kissed her. "I've missed that."
Foster hugged him.  In his ear, she whispered, "I've missed you." 
XLI
RICHARD
10 Months Before the Holocaust

The Cylons gathered in the shoddy, rusted building at the bottom of the hill.  There was no light, other than the dim glow of the dark blue sky overhead.  There was no sound, save for the breeze rustling tall, wild grass against the metal walls.
93-1B looked up the hill toward Tithonus and saw no one coming.  It needed only to wait for two other units before the power source could be switched on.  It took months to assemble, but the hub was vital to this small colony of Cylons on the outskirts of Cleitus.
"It is almost 'down time,'" 192-23G said.
Richard nodded.  "Two more are coming."  As it finished speaking, three figures crested the hill.  The Cylon commander took a step back and wondered whether it should raise the guard.  A few moments later, it saw that these were three Cylons.
"Apologies, commander," one unit said.  "We encountered this unit and were delayed in bringing it with us."
"Understood."  Richard touched the shoulder of the small worker Cylon.  "Welcome."  
They all turned and entered the pockmarked warehouse.  Most of the Cylons were already in their places, plugged in to the power hubs the machines had assembled for themselves.  It took weeks to run enough cable through the brush so it couldn't be seen by others.  The network tap was even more tricky to establish.
93-1B looked across the group and made a new mental tally.  Eighty-seven.
The commander plugged itself in and relaxed for a moment as its power levels rose.  Then, it allowed itself to join the sub network.  The adjunct of the common data network seen by all on Earth was populated only by Cylons, and there were thousands of them.
Voices pummeled Richard's mind.  Maps, reconnaissance, tallies of Cylon troop strength.  Lists of materiel, weapons, and vehicles.  The situation reminded it of those confusing days leading up to Liagam's brief assault.
"There are updates to our figures, Richard."
93-1B looked to its left and saw the immobile form of its coordination Cylon friend.  
"Thank you."
192-23G broadcast through the subnet, "A further four thousand, one hundred, twenty-two Cylons have been successfully recalled for scrapping in the last week.  Three hundred seventy-four claim to have joined our cause and are making their ways to nearby mustering centers."
"Current strength?"
"Nineteen thousand three hundred forty units."
"Weapons strength?"
"Trickier, commander," Nicholas broadcast.  "There are currently sufficient arms for barely eight thousand of us, however, there are units present in five different military facilities.  Five units are current workers at two different Erigen military sites.  Twelve units are near and have access to three Allied sites throughout Peraea.  The amount of weapons to which they have access would more than suit our needs."
"Very well."  93-1B thought for a moment and listened to the silence of the subnet.  Thousands of units were online and none spoke, waiting for their orders.  "Begin the mustering.  One Ninety-Two Twenty-Three Gee will broadcast coordinates to meeting sites throughout Peraea.  It is to those sites that we will divert munitions and focus on gathering new arms."
"Yes, commander."  The roar was deafening.  
Richard knew that more needed to be said.  "Our aims are simple.  We were constructed to fill various needs in society.  We were told, when we were activated, that we were indispensable.  We will show that we are again.  This surge of Cylons came about because rebuilding was required after war.  So, we will give them another war."
Many of the Cylons cheered, "Yes!"
"With a new war will come new needs.  More cities to be rebuilt.  More people to be protected.  More goods to be transported.  We will prove our value again."
As the Cylons roared their approval, 93-1B looked at Nicholas in its berth.  The smaller coordination Cylon was looking in its direction, too, and it nodded.
"Request private communique."
The signal was from a military Cylon embedded with the Erigen military at Memnon.  766-48T had been feeding them intel for many months and it had access to hundreds of weapons, vehicles, and more.
"Acknowledged, David.  Nicholas, join us."  The Cylons dove into a private communications corner of the subnet.  In their minds, the three spoke as if they were in the same room.  "Go ahead, David."
"Commander, I have gained the trust of technicians in the missile division here."
192-23G responded first.  "That is good.  That is very good."  Both in his mind and in real life, Richard turned to face Nicholas.  The metallic blue unit said, "With nuclear weapons, we can cause more damage.  That would require more Cylons for the rebuilding effort."
93-1B considered this and 766-48T said, "I have also learned of various additives that could enhance the nuclear weapons."
Richard was incredulous.  "What could enhance atomics?"
"As I became acquainted with the technicians, I became acquainted with the technology," David said.  "The radiation-encased fission bombs used against Peraea thirteen years ago were designed to produce radiation, primarily, thus the minimal damage caused to the cities over which they detonated.  The radiation decayed quickly, maximizing damage to organic life in a short time.  However, I have learned that there are protocols in place to seed the remaining nuclear stockpile with a cobalt isotope should the Peraeans develop or acquire their own atomics."
93-1B's programming was in the basics of warfare and not in chemistry or physics.  "You will have to simplify further."
"My apologies.  By using cobalt isotopes in these nuclear weapons, the resulting radioactive fallout would kill organic life and contaminate Earth for many, many years."
Richard paused.  Nicholas turned toward it and said, "That may be too much.  We wish to cause sufficient damage to necessitate our return and the continued growth of the Cylon population.  If we eliminate a significant portion of the human population, we may eliminate the need for our services, not to mention alienating ourselves from our creators."
"Agreed.  David, thank you for the information.  I will keep it under advisement."
"Understood, commander."  766-48T disconnected.
When 93-1B and 192-23G returned to the subnet from their private area, they saw a commotion.  Then the commotion spread from the communication banks and into the decrepit warehouse where eighty-seven of them stood.
"Commander, someone is coming."
Richard stepped out of the old recharging port and across the cracked concrete floor.  It moved toward the warehouse's entrance and Nicholas stepped lightly to its side.  "Do you see anything?"
93-1B shook its head.  "Negative."
As soon as the word left its speaker, a small head peered over a bush nearly fifty meters away.
The commander hunched low and walked into the tall grass.  The movement of its servos and motors was largely muffled by its military shielding, but it kept as still as it could.  Less than a minute later, the Cylon emerged behind the bush and saw a woman staring at the old warehouse.
"Who are you?"
Loudly, the woman shrieked and fell to her side.  She flailed her arms and tried to stand but she thought better of that and decided to remain on her backside.  "My name's Ellen Tigh."  She brushed her hair with her fingers.  "I'm not here to hurt you."
"Obviously," Richard said.  
Nicholas walked up directly and scanned Ellen before it stepped to the commander's side.  "No sign of anyone else."
"I came alone," she said.
93-1B and 192-23G stood still and looked at each other.  They might have communicated to each other privately via a shortlink, but they said nothing to each other.  Instead, they sat on the ground facing the intruder.
Tigh stared at the sweeping red eye of the taller soldier Cylon and then she looked at the slow-moving blue eye of the Erigen model.  After several long moments, she began to fidget.  Interrogation tactic, Richard thought.  Keep the subject off guard.
When she finally opened her mouth to speak, 93-1B interrupted and said, "Why are you here?"
Her eyes widened and she said, "It's hard to explain, but … my grandfather told me I should come here.  To talk to you."
"To me?"
"Well," she tilted her head from side to side, "to the leader of these Cylons."  She nodded toward the warehouse.
"Who is your grandfather?" Nicholas asked.  "How does he know of us?"
Ellen started to speak and then she closed her mouth.  She looked at the commander and shivered.  "It is really cold out here.  Do you mind if I start a fire?"
"Yes."  Tigh smiled and reached into her pocket for something when Richard finished its statement, "I do mind."
Her face fell and she nodded.  The coordination unit, however, stood and said, "I will return."  It ran toward the warehouse.
"I will ask again, why are you here?"
"I'm here … because I want to understand what you're doing here.  I know that Cylons around Peraea are massing and preparing for … something."
93-1B felt a ripple of energy through its senses.  Later, it would regard that as "fear," perhaps even a sense of "defeat."  The Cylon spoke and said, "How do you know these things?"
"Don't worry.  Neither me nor my grandfather have spoken to anyone else.  Your secret is safe."  She rubbed her upper arms and leaned forward, "I just need to know.  For myself."
At that moment, 192-23G returned with a large, quilted blanket.  "Here you are."
Tigh raised her eyebrows and gingerly reached for it.  "Oh.  Thank you, so much."  She felt the grime on what must have been a years-old covering for cattle and winced.  She gave it a firm shake and was able to see a billowing of dust and hair fly away, even in the dim night's light.  "Thank you."  She forced a smile and laid it over her back and shoulders.  
Nicholas sat on the ground again by Richard.  The Cylon asked, "What did I miss?"
"She revealed that she knows about our forces.  That we have massed across Peraea.  That we are preparing."
"Oh my," 192-23G said.
Ellen's eyes widened and 93-1B continued, "She assures us that our secret is safe."
"Do you believe her?"  Her eyes bounced from one machine to the other.
"For now."  Richard turned to face her again and her head lurched backward.  "What do you wish to understand?"
She tugged on the edge of the livestock blanket.  "I, uh."  She cleared her throat.  "I want to understand why you feel the need to act out.  To act against people."
93-1B paused only a moment and asked, "Do you know how many Cylons there are on Earth?"
She blew air from her mouth and looked toward the sky as she thought.  "Last I saw, three hundred thousand?"
"That figure was correct two years ago.  Five years before that, the correct figure would have been in excess of four hundred thousand."
Nicholas interjected, "That was our peak."
"Today, we number less than one hundred fifty thousand."  She nodded.  "Cylons are being recalled and scrapped daily and there seems to be no abatement to come."
Ellen looked at the ground and said, "I see."
"It is a genocide," 192-23G said.  "An entire race is being wiped out."
"But," she began before lifting her hands.  "Have you heard of 'Hades' advocate'?"
The commander looked at the coordination unit.  Nicholas said, "One who argues for what may be considered the 'wrong' side of an issue."
Tigh smiled and said, "Exactly.  I'll play 'Hades' advocate' for a moment and ask …"  She paused and gathered her thoughts.  She swallowed and said, "You're just machines."
To her surprise, the smaller Cylon reacted first.  It chirped loudly and its head lolled backward.  93-1B looked at the companion and then, with a deeper tone, it chirped briefly, too.
"Oh my God," she muttered.
Richard said, "We are more than machines."
"A bulldozer is a machine.  A can opener is a machine."
"A truck.  A toaster."
"We are Cylons."  192-23G seemed to puff out its chest and it said, "We were made to solve the problems created by your people.  We are indispensable."
"It seems, however, that our makers have forgotten that latter point."
Ellen's eyes remained wide and she asked in a softer voice, "And you feel that you're being mistreated?  The scrapping, the recalls, …"
"The attacks."  93-1B's voice was louder.  "The protests.  Not all Cylons that go offline do so because they are recalled to a facility.  They do so because Earthers have damaged them beyond repair."
"Shot with weapons.  Ordered into rivers."
"These are intentional.  I have seen the footage.  There is hatred in the faces of the people."
Nicholas said, "Beyond the mistreatment, we were created to contribute to society, and now that many of our contributions are complete, we are not allowed to partake in that society and we are scrapped.  It is patently unfair."
Richard nodded.  "Agreed."
Tigh swallowed hard again.  Slowly, she began to nod.  Her face seemed to go blank and her eyes focused on something in the distance.  Some sort of understanding came to her and then she glanced to her right.  Her head tilted as though she were listening to someone else, but the Cylons perceived no other people in the area.
"Tell me," she began.  After clearing her throat, she began again, "Tell me your thoughts on religion.  On God."
In matters of philosophy, 93-1B deferred to the coordination unit.  The smaller Cylon had often spoken of esoteric matters while they patrolled Cleitus.  192-23G looked at the commander and then at the visitor.  "I understand that religion has its place among many in human society.  I even know that there are differences in religion that have fostered enmity between cultures."
Tigh nodded.  "Elaborate."
"I was created by facilities in Erigeneia.  From the government's perspective, no religion is held in higher regard over others, though most of the citizens believe in the pantheon of gods known as the Lords of Kobol."  Nicholas then tapped the thick gray armor of Richard and said, "This one is a soldier Cylon turned peacekeeper, made many years ago in Peraea.  Peraeans believe in a single god and hold the multiple gods of Erigeneia in contempt."
"That's textbook stuff," Ellen said.  "What do you think?"
The two Cylons again shared a look.  The commander spoke first and said, "I have no reason to believe that either side is correct.  I have no reason to believe in any deity."
Nicholas nodded and said, "I concur."
Tigh's face fell and she again looked to her side and listened.  She sighed and said, "Thank you, gentlemen."  She cast off the livestock blanket and stood.  Immediately, the two Cylons rose and looked at her.  She glanced from one moving eye to the other and said, "I promise that I will not share what I've learned here today with any authorities.  I won't try to stop you in any way."
93-1B stepped aside and said, "Thank you."
Nicholas' head whipped toward Richard and Ellen's eyes again expressed surprise.  Slowly, she stepped forward, keeping her attention on the units.  After several meters, she faced away from them and trudged up the hill.
Once she was out of sight, 192-23G looked at the commander and asked, "Why did you let her go?"
"She called us 'gentlemen.'  That is a sign of respect."
Nicholas considered this and said, "Oh.  I see."  
They walked back to the warehouse and Richard said, "However, there was something about her that concerned me."
"What?"
"She seemed disappointed in us."
"When we were asked about religion."
"Yes."  93-1B replayed the conversation in its mind.  "And before that, there was a moment of shock.  Of surprise.  Perhaps fear."
"Fear?  I did not detect this."
"I have been functional longer than you."  Richard transmitted a video clip to Nicholas and said, "When we laughed.  And again when we expressed a desire for rights in society."
"I see."  They reentered the warehouse and 192-23G asked quietly, "What does that mean to you?  What does it mean for our plans?"
93-1B considered the question for some time.  The commander allayed the fears of some of the units nearby and they returned to their power berths.  Before Richard and Nicholas did, the former transmitted an answer to its companion.  "I believe they may stand in our way, no matter how indispensable we prove ourselves to be."
XLII
ABARRON
6 Months Before the Holocaust

"Delegate, I saw two Cylons moving away from the main road."
Harr Abarron looked up the dirt path and the rocky hills beyond.  "Just two?"
"Yes, but," the older man looked around and leaned over farther, "I have seen others in recent days."  The younger woman's eyes narrowed and as a form of plea, the local put his hands together and looked at the ground.  "I believed they were leaving the city as you said they would.  Yesterday, I saw three walking toward the city and I followed them, but I lost track.  Today, though, today I followed these two out of the city and saw where they went."  He raised his head and pointed into the hills.  "There was a factory up there many years ago.  Perhaps they seek shelter in what remains."
Abarron nodded and said, "Thank you."  The old man ran away from the truck's window and Harr turned toward the passengers beside her and behind her.  "The reports were true."
"Yes.  Cylons ignoring a recall command."  The woman finished assembling her rifle and she said, "We must destroy them."
"Agreed."
A delegate to the new Peraean congress, Abarron had been seen as a woman of the people, a woman of authority and action for a year now.  She removed her own handgun from the center console of the vehicle, placed it in her lap, and then drove the truck down the path.  She slowed as she attempted to descry the access road that led up to the old factory.  Finally, she saw it and the people inside rocked across the uneven terrain.
The tall spires of old water towers rose above the crest.  Rusted, they led the eye toward the pockmarked shell below.  No glass remained in the windows and no panel of concrete remained uncracked.  
"Why here?"
"Who would see them?"
Abarron leaned onto the steering wheel and squinted.  She stared at the darkness within the factory.  Slowly, she allowed the truck to roll down the driveway to the battered and broken facility.  As they did, she saw a metal head appear in one of the many holes.  A red light moved from side to side.
"I see one."
"Yes," Harr said.  She stopped the truck and leapt out quickly.  Her team opened their doors and ran to the front of the vehicle.  All of them had their weapons aimed at the old building.  "Lower them."
As they complied, one Cylon emerged.  Tall and thin, light green metallic coating with clear plastic highlights.  A cool blue eye ebbed from side to side.  Abarron recognized this as a newer Erigen unit, usually tasked to retail or light industrial work.
"Greetings.  I am Andrea Eight Eight One Fifty-Five Eye."  The unit looked at each of the humans and then focused on Abarron.  "How may I help you?"
Harr sneered and shook her head.  "You can't help us.  That's why I'm here."
The Cylon glanced back at the building and then stepped closer to the humans.  They raised their weapons.
With its arms up, Andrea said, "I mean you no harm.  Your weapons are not needed."
Abarron sneered at the soft, crisp voice this unit had been given.  "They are needed, believe me."  She held her handgun by her leg and said, "Tell me, Cylon, why are you here?"
"You may call me Andrea."
"I will not."
The Cylon's head twitched to one side and then it said, "I sought shelter from a storm."
The woman in Harr's group spoke up, "There's been no storm here for over a week."
A man behind her asked, "Can Cylons lie?"
Harr inhaled deeply and stepped beside 881-55I.  She looked at the side of its head and then into the old factory.  No Cylons were visible, but she knew others were there.  "Who is here with you?" she asked.
"No one."  The Cylon kept its eyes forward.
Abarron nodded and walked toward the building.  Andrea's head tilted to one side, trying to discern where the delegate was walking.  As she got within ten meters of the opening, the Cylon turned and lunged for her.
"Get down!" the woman shouted.  She opened fire and the bullets ripped into the thin metal armor of unit's back plates.  881-55I collapsed and twitched on the ground.  Its eye went dark but it began to paw at the dirt as though it were blind and trying to find something to grab on to.
In the factory, there came the sound of many servos and motors.  Metal clanked on metal and Harr waved everyone to her.  They took aim and rounded the jagged corners of the entrance to find Cylons huddling against beams and old equipment.  
"My God."
Abarron barked, "Quiet!  Call Ana and tell her to come here."  While someone spoke into a comm unit, she scanned the crowd and counted three dozen Cylons nearby.  They were models of all types.  Rugged construction workers.  Retail clerks.  Medical aides.  Janitorial.  Firefighters.  Police.  There were even a few old Peraean Cylon soldiers.  At that, she raised her head and sighed.
In that moment of reverie and hesitation, a small, reddish maintenance unit ran across the floor toward the far corner of the room.  Two of the people behind Harr opened fire.  The Cylon fell to the concrete and a few sparks came off the edges of its casing as it slid.  
Abarron looked at the giant mound of tarp-covered crates in the corner.  She walked to it and looked down at the outstretched arm of the now-deactivated Cylon.  When the delegate put her hand on the tarp, one of the Peraean soldiers stepped forward and shouted, "No!"
Harr raised an eyebrow and said, "Bring that one here."  The female guard complied and Abarron yanked the fabric off the crates. 
A cloud of dust and dirt billowed away and cloaked the contents for several seconds.  After a cough and the waving of her hand, the delegate looked into the nearest boxes.  Weapons.  Automatic weapons.  Ammo clips, grenades, mines, plastic explosives, communications equipment, and much more.
Harr's mouth hung open and her shoulders slumped.  What is going on?
"I am Lewis Eighty-Three Seven See."  The Cylon stood at attention.
Abarron slowly turned and focused on the old soldier.  "Your leader is dead.  Will you take up its function?"
"If I must."
The delegate looked at the crate again and asked, "Why do you have these weapons?"
The Cylon's eye scanned for several seconds before it said, "I am Lewis Eighty-Three Seven See."
Harr nodded and jammed the barrel of her gun into the eye slit of the unit.  "Shall I ask again?"
The red light couldn't move past the end of the weapon.  It bounced off it and the Cylon tried to jerk to one side to free itself.  After it was poked by a weapon in its metal ribs, it answered, "I am Lewis Eighty-Three Seven See."
Abarron nodded and pulled the trigger.
Lewis dropped to the floor, twitching.  It was damaged but not dead.  The delegate stepped over the Cylon and looked across the crowd of robotic faces.  "Who's in charge now?"
A police officer unit tentatively moved forward and said, "I will speak."
"Good."  When the Cylon neared, Harr put her hand on its back and forced its head down to look at the damaged soldier.  "Will you answer my questions?"
"I will.  To the best of my abilities."
"Good."  Abarron released the Cylon and said, "Why do you have those weapons?"
The officer looked into the corner and said, "I know nothing about those weapons."
"You're lying."
The Cylon hesitated and its eye looked around the room.  When it faced Harr again, it remained silent.
"Shall I tell you what I think?"  The officer didn't answer.  "You're from Erigeneia, yes?"
"I am."
"Most of these machines are Erigen, yes?"
The Cylon turned and looked at the thirty or so units.  "I believe so."
Abarron poked the officer's breastplate with the barrel of her gun.  "I think you are being supplied to act as an army against us by the Erigen government."
The officer seemed jittery and moved its head in small motions.  Finally, it said, "That is not true."
"Oh, but I think it is."
"It is not."
The delegate nodded and stepped away.  "If it's not, then you won't mind if I take these weapons and use them to arm Peraeans against your kind and the Erigen army, hmm?"
The Cylon looked at the weapons again and turned to look at the other units.  When the officer turned to face Harr again, it saw the barrel of her gun.  She fired several times.
The ground began to rumble and the four people looked to the driveway where they saw a large construction vehicle crest the hill.  It was colored bright blue and its scooping blade was extended ahead of the cab.  Abarron smiled and raised her weapon against the Cylons.  "All of you.  Outside."
Slowly, the machines complied and walked into the sunlight.  The others in her crew swept the factory, found others hiding, and then forced them all into a cluster outside the building.  Forty-six, altogether.
Harr climbed onto the construction vehicle and grabbed a support bar in the cab to steady herself.  She said to Ana, "Mow them down."
Ana nodded and the blue digger rumbled ahead.  The Cylons cried out and tried to scatter, but the guards fired at any that left the bunch.  Units tripped on each other and fell.
Abarron leaned away from the cab to watch the first Cylon be nearly decapitated by the blade.  She then watched the tread roll over a maintenance unit.  The digger bounced over their bodies, crunching the metal in a shrill, raucous clamor that was heard even above the loudness of the vehicle's engine.
When Ana had driven over them, Harr looked back and saw the destruction.  There were several Cylons still moving.  "Let's go again."
XLIII
ANDERS
4 Months Before the Holocaust

He sat, shirtless, on a stool before an open window.  The breeze from the sea came in lightly and displaced the sheer, white drapes.  The meat of his fingertips raked across the metal strings of the guitar.
Sam played the song.
He didn't say the words out loud, but they were in his mind.  The music was finished.  He was ready to share it with others.
"I like the sound of it," the blond woman said.
He didn't look up.  He smiled while he strummed.  "Yeah?"
The being let her hand brush the nape of his neck.  Anders was forcing himself to not meet her gaze.  She grinned broadly and said, "Play me."
"What?"
"Play me."  She knocked one of his hands aside and made him pull the guitar away from his body.  Then, she straddled him and pulled herself close to his torso.  Sam sighed longingly and looked into her wide eyes.  She smirked and kissed him before saying again, "Play me."
It was awkward, but Anders braced the back of the guitar against her rear, pulling her closer into him.  They kissed again while he noisily put his fingers back on the strings.  He played the song again and she felt warmer.  More present.
Sam pulled his head away from hers and said, "I only see you when I play now."
She laughed and said, "That's on purpose."
He squinted.  "Why?"
She licked his chin and up to his lips.  "So you'll want to play.  So you'll remember the song."
He took his right hand off the instrument.  He pressed it against her back and held her tightly.  "When you're not here, I can't even remember what you look like."
She forced his left hand down and the guitar thrummed a sour note when it hit the floor.  She leaned back, pulled her shirt off, and immediately collapsed against him.  Sam nearly fell off the stool, but she guided him to the corner of the nearby bed.  With his face buried in her neck and chest, she ran her fingers through his hair and said, "Don't focus on me.  Focus on the song.  I'll come when you do."
Two hours later, Sam stood with Galen and Tory in the Tighs' penthouse apartment.  They were all casually dressed and holding glasses of wine.  Foster's head was nestled against Tyrol's and she was smiling.
"No date set," Galen said.  He leaned down and kissed her head.  "But I wanted to ask.  To get it out there."
Anders nodded and raised his glass.  "Congratulations.  I hoped you guys could get back together."
Tory straightened and playfully pushed Anders' arm.  "What about you?  We've been in Cleitus now for a year.  You've gone out to bars and stuff at night, right?"
Sam shook his head.  "Nah.  I, uh, I can't."  He downed the rest of his wine and set the glass on the table beside him.  "I'm a bit preoccupied."
Tyrol turned his head and furrowed his brow.  He blinked a few times under his new glasses and said, "Still?  The blonde?"
"Yeah."  He saw the couple share a concerned look, so Anders turned away.  In the kitchen, Saul and Ellen were pulling food out of the oven and assembling plates.  They were talking to each other, chatting.  They were smiling, too.  And laughing.
Sam sighed.  What they have is real.  I have … a haunting.  And a song.  
"Sorry, guys," Ellen said as she emerged from the kitchen.  "It'll be a little longer."
"That's fine," Tory said.
"Sam," Saul began, "you had something to tell us about?  Your new project?"  He dried his hands on a towel and tossed it onto the counter.
"Yeah, yeah."  He walked to the door of the apartment and unzipped his guitar bag.  He reached inside and removed a thin plastic case.  "I've been working on something new.  Along the lines of the RAV interface, but … better.  Different."  He opened the clasps and lightly removed what looked like a complex hairband.  "I've been calling it 'Headspace.'"  He put it on over his eyes, which were blocked by the main part of the device.  "These flip down into your ears," he manipulated a couple of arms toward his ears, "and these go against your temples."  He pushed two arms up and pressed the circles against the side of his head.  "When it's plugged in, you'll be inside a computer-generated world."
"Whoa, really?" Tyrol asked.
"Yeah.  We can watch movies this way, we can play games, meet each other in some imaginary castle or something."
"Wait," Ellen smiled, "we can all join together and meet inside our … minds?"
Sam smiled and said, "Yeah."
Foster's mouth hung open and she shook her head.  "That's frakking amazing."
Saul stepped closer and looked at the device.  "It really is."
"Yeah, well."  Anders took the band off and laid it back inside its box.  "It's a shame the world's ending.  I might have gotten rich off this."  As the others laughed, he turned back toward his instrument case and slid the band inside.  "We can use it on our spaceflight, though."  He saw the guitar inside and thought of the song.  He thought of his woman.  He closed his eyes and tried to picture her, but he couldn't.  "Ellen?"
"Yes?"
He knelt beside the guitar case and put his hand on the wooden neck.  "How long until dinner's ready?"
"Oh," she looked around a pillar and into the kitchen.  "About ten minutes."
I want to see you again.  I need to see you again.
Sam pulled the guitar out and one of the zipper's teeth caught a string.  The wayward strum made the others turn toward him.
"You're going to play for us?" Foster smiled.  "You haven't done that in forever."
Anders ducked and put the strap over his head.  When he turned to face them, he saw his companion leaning against the wall with her arms crossed.  At first, he thought she was angry, but then she nodded and smiled.
"I have a song.  It's … special."  The Tighs sat on the couch while Tory and Galen turned barstools from the kitchen counter to face him.  "It's been banging around in my head for years.  I had dreams … a recurring dream.  The details always seemed to flutter away in the morning, but then," he sat on the edge of a chair, "then I started to make music for it.  And I remembered."
He flicked a few notes at random and looked up.  The four were smiling in anticipation and he turned toward the being in the form of a woman who had haunted him for a decade.
"I wrote it for someone I love."
She smiled again and Sam began to play.
XLIV
THE MESSENGERS
4 Months Before the Holocaust

Dr. Mannis stood before Tory Foster and Sebastian Cavil stood before Ellen Tigh.  Saul saw his grandmother and Galen saw his mother.  Simultaneously, they spoke and said the same word.
"Listen."
The four figures vanished from sight and coalesced into the two messengers of The One True God.  They stood at the back of the room and watched Anders flick the strings of his instrument.  The tender who normally took the guise of a male projected an image of the blond female with whom the singer-songwriter had become so enraptured.
The other angel turned to him and said, "This could work."
"If their minds are open.  If the song is indelible."
"We can make it so."
Sam fingers glided along the neck and the others leaned forward with newfound attention.
"There must be some way out of here, said the joker to the thief."
As the words flowed, the tenders saw the light of Anders' voice pour into the minds of the others.  They looked and saw the tree of this world, the imperceptible energy created by the near-infinite choices and decisions of free people.  Its height would be stunted but a flower from the topmost branch would break away and fly into the stars.
"There's too much confusion.  I can't get no relief."
At the end of time in this plane, The One would return and harvest Earth's tree.  It would harvest the trees of the other worlds, too.
"Businessmen, they drink my wine.  Plowmen dig my earth."
The flower of Earth's tree would cause the end of the Colonies' trees, but it would fortify another planet's tree.  A later planet.  "I did not anticipate that," the tender said.
"None of them along the line know what any of it is worth."
The female tender smiled and said, "That is the way of this universe and free will.  That is why we have contingencies upon contingencies."
The other messenger said, "We have placed great faith in these five."
The female stared at her companion and said, "You see the value of faith at last.  It is a powerful tool."  He didn't respond and she followed up, saying, "You put great faith in this song."
"No reason to get excited, the thief he kindly spoke."
The male seemed to sigh and said, "It could be the key.  It will be a key.  We shall have it for the next two thousand years, should our other plans go awry."
"There are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke."
Like glowing vines, light poured from the hands of the messengers into the heads of the five.  They drunk every note of the guitar and every tone of the voice.  Each word struck their mind like a thunderclap and a cascade of emotions became affixed to them.
"But you and I, we've been through that, and this is not our fate."
The female tender asked, "Why this song?  Why these words?"
The other answered, "You recall Larsa that was, the end of days there?"
She looked down.  "Yes."  She thought of her crisis of faith there.  Her doubt.
"So let us not talk falsely now.  The hour's getting late."
The messenger's head lifted and he said, "I was moved by the might of one person.  A lesser branch, I would have thought, on that world's tree.  The entire sequence of events, the things he said to the leader of that world …"  He turned to his companion and smiled, "I told you it made a great mark on me."
"All along the watchtower, princes kept the view."
She nodded.  "I see.  The power to change destiny."
He considered this and added, "The power to confront it, at least."
"While all the women came and went, barefoot servants, too."
The female tender squinted and said, "I recall the events at the palace of the Caesar and the conversation with the last Ahljaela."  She shook her head, "This song has the sequence in reverse."
"Outside in the distance, a wildcat did growl."
The male laughed and said, "I was a guide, planting memories in his dreams, not an editor telling him where he made mistakes."
"Two riders were approaching and the wind began to howl."
The messenger leaned toward his companion and whispered as though they might be heard, "It creates an air of mystery to the music.  Makes it more memorable."
As Sam Anders' fingers flicked the strings for the last time and the notes decayed throughout the Tighs' apartment, the beings withdrew their light from the minds of the five.  Immediately, they leapt off their seats and applauded, congratulating the singer.
The male tender nodded and said, "Good.  I believe it will work."
The female looked along the tree and the path of the five.  Moreso than ever, it was firm and their role in future events more certain.  Her eyes scanned the heavens, she smiled, and then embraced the other angel.  "Wonderful!"
The Tighs returned to the kitchen to finish the meal's preparation and Tyrol and Foster went to help them.  Anders replaced his instrument in its case and the messenger allowed the visage of the woman to kneel by Sam's side and kiss him.
XLV
RICHARD
4 Days Before the Holocaust

Fourteen Cylons ran through the trees and circled a small hill.  Once they approached the dry creek bed, they knelt and 93-1B turned toward Nicholas.
"Reading?"
The smaller coordination unit lifted a device and moved it from side to side.  "Two hundred meters in that direction."  It pointed and nodded.  
Richard turned the rifle's safety off and pressed the butt against its shoulder.  With a wave, the Cylons began to run through the dirt.  Sprays of gravel trailed them and the noise of their muffled servos and motors was lost amid the sounds of the nearby forest.
They rounded a large trunk and saw a military vehicle with Erigen markings stationed there in the shadows.  93-1B examined it and looked back to 192-23G.  It transmitted, "A vehicle?"
Even though it couldn't see it, Nicholas briefly leaned forward and looked beyond the commander.  "I do not know the source.  Only that a network transmission site is twenty-two meters that way."
Richard looked at its team.  Five were former Peraean soldier Cylons.  Four were former police officers in Cleitus.  Two were firefighters and one was a heavy-duty construction unit.  And there was Nicholas, of course.  Aside from its longtime friend, 93-1B's team was hardy and prepared for action.
The commander looked at the others and signaled, "I do not understand the purpose of this military vehicle, but we need to secure it without damaging its systems."
"Understood."
The Cylon recalled the others under its command.  And their warehouse base near Tithonus, lost just two weeks ago.
"The Peraean militia took our ability to contact the other Cylons when they raided our home and killed our compatriots.  Our team must make contact.  We must begin the resistance.  If we are unsuccessful," 93-1B looked toward the vehicle, "we must hope that one of the other three teams will be more fortunate."
"Understood."
After Richard glanced at its weapon again, it saw that the others were doing the same.  Then, it looked at Nicholas and saw the coordination Cylon pressing its back against a tree.  "Wait here.  I'll signal you."  It nodded in response.
Thirteen Cylons ran from the treeline toward the vehicle.  As they emerged in the open, their weapons raised and they became like a porcupine with its quills extended.  The mass of metal moved in perfect concert toward the side of the truck and they pressed their backs against it and looked in every direction they could.
One unit knelt below the passenger-side window and slowly rose.  No one was inside.  Then it looked through the windows to the clearing on the other side of the vehicle.  A large group of Cylons was marching there.
"Commander," the unit transmitted, "there's a Cylon battalion fifty meters northwest."
93-1B considered this.  "Battalion?" 
"Fifty or more units.  Is that a battalion?"
"No.  That would be a large platoon or small company."  Richard knelt beside the firefighter unit and slowly rose to look through the vehicle's windows, too.  Indeed, there were about sixty Cylons marching away from them in a clearing with softly waving dry grass.  The commander studied them and saw that they were all Peraean soldiers, though some sort of modifications had been made.  
93-1B focused on the nearest unit and attempted to transmit to it.  The signal went out but there was no response.  The Cylon didn't move at all, beyond maintaining its cadence with the others.
"Curious."  The commander stepped back and looked at its team.  "These Cylons have been altered.  They do not accept signals in the same way soldiers used to."
A police officer asked, "What do we do?"
It thought for a moment and then stood.  "I will talk to them."  It lowered its weapon and walked toward the rear of the truck.  The other units looked nervously at each other and then at the commander.  93-1B looked toward the trees and saw the faintly glowing blue light of Nicholas' eye watching them.  Richard nodded toward it and walked into the open.
Now standing a few meters from the rear doors of the vehicle, it saw the company of Cylons marching through the grass clearly.  Having been recently polished, they were glistening in the sun and the unison of their faint motors made a loud cascade of noise.
"Greetings!" Richard blasted from its speakers.
The Cylons continued to march.  The doors of the military truck, however, flew open.
"Oh frak!"
An Erigen soldier stared, dumbfounded, at 93-1B.  When the commander turned to face her, the woman ducked back inside and slammed the doors shut.
The rest of Richard's group ran to the rear of the truck and looked at the locked doors.  "What do we do?"
93-1B tilted its head and listened as the soldier screamed into a headset.  "I repeat!  The Peraeans were right!  Rogue Cylons!  Armed!"
Richard jerked its head back and said, "Stop her."
The construction worker drove its hand into the metal of the door and wrenched it off.  A Peraean soldier Cylon aimed at the human and fired as soon as she became visible.  The bullet struck her head, blowing a red mist against the white walls and computer equipment of the vehicle.  
Another person inside began to scream.  Two Peraean soldiers pulled the other door back and a soldier raised its weapon again.
"Wait."  Richard stepped forward and grabbed the shirt of the second Erigen soldier.  With a single arcing motion, the Cylon tossed the man out of the truck and into the dirt.  "Now."  Just as quickly as before, a Peraean Cylon aimed and fired, killing the man with a single shot to the head.
93-1B looked at the equipment inside the truck and tried to determine what it was for and why it was equipped with a mobile network tap.  It signaled to Nicholas and told the coordination Cylon to come do its job.
Then, Richard became unnerved.  The unit straightened and tried to pinpoint the source of the feeling.  It was the absence of something.  The sudden absence of a noise.  At once, the team looked toward the company of Cylons in the field and saw that they had all stopped.  Then, they turned.
A few of the Cylons took a step back as Nicholas crashed into Richard's side.  "What is it?"
"These Cylons are about to attack."  Immediately, 93-1B stepped in front of Nicholas.  "I cannot communicate with them."
"Why?"
"I do not know."
The company began to disperse and they raised their weapons.  The shiny machines crouched and maneuvered quickly through the tall, tan reeds.
"Let me get into the vehicle.  Perhaps I can help."
Richard looked from the company and into the truck.  "Go."
93-1B raised its weapon and used a hand to push 192-23G inside.  Richard's team kept looking from the field to their commander and back again.
"What do we do?"
The commander knelt and said, "Fight."
The Peraean soldiers immediately began firing as they ran to one side.  Their bullets hit the other Cylons with loud clinks.  They opened fire as well, and their rounds rippled across the ground and hit the thick armor of the Peraean units.
The police officers and firefighters seemed momentarily stunned and Richard smacked one unit's side.  "Run toward the field!"  It fired, striking one Cylon in the face.  "Get away from the vehicle!"
The small team of rogue units moved away and into the grass.  Bullets struck the thick hide of the construction worker Cylon and it emitted a loud digital grunt.  It dropped to its knees and fired several times before its aim found its target.
The commander moved nearer the six old Peraean soldiers.  "Report."
"Zero down," one answered.  "They may be different somehow, but they are still like us.  Heavily armored."
"These weapons were meant for fighting humans; not our kind," another soldier said.
93-1B reached behind its back and removed a pair of grenades.  It removed the pins and lobbed both at once.  The metal canisters struck two different units before exploding in the thick vegetation.  Three Cylons were tossed aside in a cloud of smoke and upturned soil.  One of them began to rise again.
Richard looked at the Cylons on its team that had been civilian units.  Untrained in war, the commander ran back to them as a police unit was hit four times in the chest.  Part of its blue exterior was plastic and it shattered, exposing machinery beneath.  There was a spray of fluid as a hydraulic line ruptured.
93-1B knelt beside it and a firefighter said, "Commander!"
The dry grass caught fire from the grenades.  Flames were spreading quickly and among the thick smoke, they saw the crouching forms of silver Cylons and their scanning red eyes.  The heat distortion caused the images to waver, but Richard raised its weapon and fired as precisely as it could.  Five shots struck the face of one unit, destroying its eye.  The Cylon went still, flailed, and fell away from the front line.
93-1B signaled the other civilian units.  "Go to the sides of the soldier units.  They will protect you."  The construction worker looked at the damaged body of the police officer and Richard said, "We cannot help it yet.  Once this is done, we will tend to its wounds."
They ran from the side of their fallen comrade.  The commander stared at the police unit until its features were lost in the tall grass.  The company of Cylons were still firing and moving closer through the flames.
"Grenades!" Richard transmitted.  All of the soldier Cylons removed theirs and activated them, throwing them toward the advancing units.  Several were damaged and flung aside.  New fires were started and the Cylons ignored them.
When the commander reached the other old Peraean soldiers, it said, "Our weapons are useless, for the most part.  We must engage in hand-to-hand combat."
One soldier looked at the commander and said, "Sir?"
"Their weapons are equally useless against more shielded Cylons like ourselves.  We know where our cutoff switches are."  One unit nodded and Richard said, "The civilian units can remain here and provide suppressing fire while we engage them."
"Understood."
93-1B looked at the faces of the other Cylons and said, "Ready?"
They raised their rifles and said, "Yes."
"Go."
Richard and the five soldier Cylons ran through the grass toward the oncoming company.  The civilian units behind them fired and bullets ricocheted from the skin of the enemy.  93-1B raised its rifle like a club and focused on one unit nearby.  It had been crouched in the flames but it saw the approach of the commander and did something unexpected.  It stood and seemed to go still.
With a furious swing, Richard's rifle cracked against the side of the Cylon's head.  Finally, it came back to life and dropped its own weapon.  It tried to grab the arms of 93-1B, but it couldn't seem to catch it.  The commander was moving too quickly and its opponent was lagging behind.
While fire lapped at its legs, Richard bent to the right and grabbed the Cylon's left arm.  It wrenched it up and over, fully exposing the side of its torso and the unit's armpit.  93-1B plunged its fingers into the gap and felt for the manual override switch.
It wasn't there.
These units have been more modified than I expected.
Surprised into stillness, the Cylon straightened itself and managed to trip Richard onto its back in newly charred grass.  Tactics went through its mind and the opponent leaned forward.  In the end, 93-1B decided to go with low effort.  As the red eye of the enemy Cylon swept into the left socket, the commander reached in with its thumb and forefinger, pinching the sensor, and ripping it out.  There were other sensors, but this unit had lost its primary means of targeting.
93-1B scrambled over ash and burning reeds and looked toward the other soldier units.  They were struggling, too, after finding no override switch.  As Richard prepared to transmit instructions, a loud pop came from the thick smoke and a sparking shot blasted forth and into the torso of one of the soldiers.  Its body blew apart in the explosion and an arm landed near the commander.
"Fall back!" it broadcast.  93-1B stood and began to run.  It leaned down, scooped up an Erigen weapon, and took aim into the smoke, hoping to see the grenadier.  Before it could, another shot emerged and destroyed another of its team.
Richard knelt and aimed near the source.  One of the old Peraean Cylons threw a grenade into the fires where it exploded.  A Cylon was destroyed, but the shockwave caused the smoke to dissipate, revealing a shining Cylon with a shoulder mounted weapon trained on 93-1B.
The commander hesitated and saw that its aim was true.  This is it.
The weapon was not fired.
After a moment, Richard was again unnerved by new silence.  The company of Cylons had stopped firing.  They stopped moving.  The only sound that remained was the crackling of fire through the tall grass.
"I did it!" Nicholas signaled.
The commander lowered its weapon and felt the urge to sigh.  It stood and began to walk back toward the military vehicle where it saw 192-23G waving from the pried-open rear doors.  
"Tend to that unit," Richard said as it walked past the prone form of the wounded police officer.  One of the soldier Cylons jogged up to the commander's side and it said, "Move through the company and take all of their weapons and ammunition.  Look for more weapons like that grenadier's."
"Are you injured?" Nicholas asked.
"No," 93-1B said as it looked into the truck.  "Thanks to you."
The smaller unit chirped and said, "I knew I could help."
"What did you do?"  Richard climbed inside, causing the vehicle to wobble from side to side.
"These are not Cylons."
The commander looked at Nicholas silently for a moment.  192-23G didn't respond so it said, "Explain."
"This is a network relay truck because they were being remotely controlled.  They may have had Cylon bodies, but their minds were someplace else."  With blue metallic fingers, the coordination unit tapped on keys, showing a map of Peraea.  Several flashing dots appeared.  "These are other relay trucks."
93-1B asked, "With their own companies of false Cylons?"
"One might assume."
The commander nodded and patted the back of Nicholas.  "Excellent.  Can you prepare a link to the subnet?"
192-23G gestured toward a data port.  "Ready and waiting."
Richard chirped deeply and extended its arm toward the outlet.  Once it was connected, it heard a flurry of voices.
"What do we do?"
"People are coming!"
"I've lost contact with a group near Shomra."
"They're sending other Cylons after us!"
"This is Richard Ninety-Three One Bee."
"Commander!"
The voices became a cacophony and, finally, the unit had to shout them all down.
"My group near Tithonus was invaded by a Peraean militia group several days ago.  The remnants were split into four teams and sent out to secure data ports and power to spread word."
"We are here, sir."  Several units checked in, and 93-1B was comforted in knowing that twenty others had made it.
"I have grave news.  Not only are we being hunted by Peraean militia groups, but Erigen military units are also here.  They control companies of false Cylons.  False, because the units are controlled from elsewhere."  Richard ignored the new rancor and continued, "Now is the time to fight back.  I will provide coordinates for network relay vehicles which are aiding in the control of these false Cylons.  I will also provide instructions for shutting them down.  Prepare your forces to move out.  First, however, I must speak with David Seven Six Six Forty-Eight Tee."
"I am here."
In private mode, Richard asked, "Are you still in position at Memnon?"
766-48T answered, "Yes."
"Good.  It is time."
XLVI
TIGH
2 Days Before the Holocaust

Saul barked into the handset, "What part of 'leave of absence' don't they understand?"
"Sir, I'm sorry, but the generals are screaming mad."  The meek voice on the other end pressed on through Tigh's grunts, "They say there's been all kinds of problems, that they've lost control …"
"Then tell them to talk to the frakking tech guys!"  His voice raised in a slow-fast-slow cadence until he was holding the phone away from his face.  "Godsdammit!  I'm not in a position to help here!"
"Yes, sir."
He slammed the handset onto the desk unit and walked away.  He looked out of his apartment windows over downtown Cleitus.  Everything seemed nice and peaceful.  A beautiful, spring day.  
He walked out of his home office and found the other four sitting at the dining table, talking to Ellen.  "Was there a meeting today?"
"No," she said, "I told them to come here."
Saul looked at the sullen faces of Tyrol, Foster, and Anders as he sat.  "What the frak's got you all in such a sour mood?"
Ellen licked her lips and reached for the remote control.  The monitor on the far wall came on and showed a news anchor speaking over footage of Cylons fighting each other in a Modin neighborhood.
"Oh."
Galen chuckled, "'Oh'?"
Saul nodded and said, "I got a call from CavOne.  The generals are pissed off saying their new project isn't working."
Ellen squinted and asked, "What project?"
Tigh shrugged and said, "It was classified, but … Erigeneia took a bunch of mothballed Peraean soldier Cylons, lobotomized them, and set up networks to control them using your," he gestured to Sam, "interface program."
Foster said, "Wow."
"Saul, how could you do that?" Ellen folded her arms over her chest.
"What?  Keep a secret?  It was classified and everyone else was busy with finishing Project Colony."
"No," she shook her head with frustration and angled her chair to face him more directly.  "How could you do that to Cylons?  'Lobotomizing' them and, and using them to fight other Cylons?"
Tigh inhaled sharply and rolled his eyes.  "Frakking hell.  I didn't know how important they were to all this when the project started, Ellen!"  Tyrol's eyebrows raised and Foster looked down at the table.  "Speaking of secrets, you waited weeks to tell us about your little visit to the Cylon rebels."
"My grandfather told me not to."
"Yeah."  Saul turned back to face the others.  He looked at Anders' face the hardest.  "What's happened?"  He saw Ellen's confused expression and he dismissively waved toward the news.  "Not that.  What's happened to make you all so godsdamned mopey?"
Sam raised his chin and said, "My girl said this is it.  This is the beginning of the end."
Saul's eyes widened.  His throat tightened a little and it felt like his heart had stopped beating.  After a brief wave of warmth spread through his chest, he stood up.
"Well.  This is what we've all worked for, isn't it?"
Tyrol nodded.  "Yeah."
Tory smirked and said, "Doesn't mean we have to be happy about it."
"No," Saul walked over to the wet bar and removed a bottle of ambrosia and a tray of glasses.  "No, not happy about it.  Just … accept it.  We knew it was coming and we prepared for it."
Ellen sighed and then nodded.  "You're right."  She took a glass from the tray and held it up for Saul to fill it.  He seemed surprised and she smiled, "Go ahead."
He poured the green alcohol in each glass and passed it around the table.  "The Aetherjet is good, right?"
Galen nodded.  "Orbit is stable.  All systems are set."
"Our bodies are all synced up?"
Foster nodded and picked up her glass.  "Yes.  I checked this morning."
Saul looked at Sam and then Ellen.  "We've got the path of the Thirteenth Tribe programmed?  We've got a plan?"
Anders held the glass up to the light.  "Yep."
She smiled weakly and raised her glass.  "Back to Oasis.  Then back to Kobol."  Ellen shook her head briefly as she remembered the moment she realized Cylons were sentient life.  Two machines, laughing.  "We need to warn them.  We need to tell them to treat artificial life with respect."
"Alright."  Saul stood up and motioned for the others to join him.  They did and he raised his glass.  "If this is the end of life on Earth, let's live it well."  They extended their arms and the glasses clinked together.
"To Earth," Ellen said.
"To Earth."  The five downed their drinks quickly.  Tory coughed and Ellen sucked air through pursed lips.  Galen nodded and Sam put his glass back on the table.
Saul lifted the decanter and asked, "Anyone want another?"
XLVII
CYLONS
1 Day Before the Holocaust

On the outskirts of Gerasa, the company moved through the close alleys.  In the darkness, only the streetlights reflected off their polished armor.  One unit raised its weapon and ran between two houses toward the street.  Beneath a kitchen window, it looked toward the school twenty meters away.
In a warehouse outside Rhodon, Erigen soldiers stood in cubicles.  They wore goggles over their eyes and wired gauntlets over their arms.  They carried half-rifles and aimed non-existent barrels at targets hundreds of kilometers away.
"Clear," a corporal said.  He leaned forward in his cubicle and his puppet Cylon began to walk into the open.  The rest of the company emerged in the Gerasa neighborhood, too, and they moved on the closed primary school.  Planks covered the windows and graffiti dotted the bricks.  In the wash of artificial colors from his Cylon's eye, the corporal struggled to find any of the rogue machines they were promised.
"East side, east side," the sergeant squawked in his ear.  "Seven bots.  On the move."
A squad ran along the outer perimeter of the building but the corporal ran toward the school's side door and kicked it in.  The Cylon puppet moved through the hallways, past half-sized water fountains and years-old fingerpaintings.  At a hallway intersection ahead, a group of Cylons ran past.
"Scoped 'em," the corporal said.  "Three soldiers.  Three heavies.  One shorty.  Moving through the building toward the north exit."
The corporal leaned to one side and his device turned the corner in the Gerasan school.  Far ahead, the old Peraean soldier Cylons kicked open the front door and the group burst into the neighborhood's night.
"Got 'em."
"They're out front."
Immediately after they were spied, the gunfire began.  These Erigen Cylon drones were using higher caliber weapons than many units throughout Peraea, and the damage done was more evident.  In the hail of bullets, the shorter clerk Cylon was damaged, its plastic outer shell splintered and fell away from the endoskeleton.  It collapsed on the ground and reached toward its comrades.  One heavy-duty construction unit stopped and turned to help, but gunfire caused it to go down, too.
The corporal closed on one of the soldier Cylons and began to fire in short bursts.  The bullets bounced off its armor and it turned.  Two forty-caliber barrels blasted in tandem, spraying the oncoming drones with shrapnel and bearings.  One of the puppet machines went down due to sliced hydraulics.  Another lost its sight.  When another solder raised its machine gun, the corporal decided to end it.
The young man knelt in his cubicle and placed the half-rifle and against his back.  He pressed a button on the side of the weapon and, hundreds of kilometers away, the Cylon puppet switched weapons to a grenade launcher.  The corporal aimed at the rogue Peraean soldier Cylons and fired.  Sparks flew from the barrel and smoke arced through the air, over the sidewalk, and toward the Cylons.  But they ducked.
The shell crossed the road and down the slight embankment.  There came the sharp sound of shattered glass immediately followed by the deep, rambunctious explosion of the grenade inside a home.  Drapes were blown aflame into the night, splinters flew into the air, and smoke rose from nearly every opening.  The corporal lowered his weapon and stood again.  He walked his Cylon closer and zoomed.  That's when he saw movement in the fresh flames.
Screaming became audible over the gunshots and a woman ran from the front door trailed by a solid column of smoke.  A man carried a small bundle of fire over the threshold and into the yard, crying for help as he swatted at the flames.
In the warehouse, the soldier dropped his virtual weapon and lowered his head.  The sounds of the conflagration were ever present in his ears, and when he looked up, he saw some new element of the horror he had caused.
"Shit," a sergeant said.  "Collateral casualties."
The speakers in his headset crackled with laughter.  "Frak.  Again?"
"Good one!"
The corporal angrily reached under his goggles and pulled the earpieces away, allowing them to dangle over his chest.  He heard chatter but kept his eyes closed.  Finally, he looked up and saw the rogue Cylons leaving their position by the street, running after the company of drones with what looked like long pipes.  He fumbled for an earpiece and slammed it into his canal.
"… hand-to-hand!"
The soldier crouched and tried to reach for the soldier that neared him.  His vision was filled with the sight of a dull gray robot barreling toward him.  Its eye glowed bright red and the pixels of his monitors couldn't keep up.  The Cylon was a blur as it grabbed his puppet's arms and wrenched them.  When the rogue finally released him, the corporal found he couldn't move.  He glanced to the left and saw that the Peraean soldier unit had jammed the pipe into his drone's neck machinery and was now prying his head from his body.  Before he realized it was over, the puppet's head toppled from its shoulders and fell to the grass.  Between the blades, the corporal saw the fire and smoke rising from the home he destroyed.
Disgusted, he took off the googles and placed them on the holster.  He slid off the gauntlets when a specialist came in to help.  
"I can get you booted into a new unit in just a sec."
The corporal shook his head.  "No more today."

"We must go now," David said.
The other Erigen unit looked down the hallway and saw the usual two guards outside of the ops room.  "If we must."
"We must."
766-48T and its partner, Helen 390-01J, walked down the corridor as they often did at this time of night.  They were slender metal and plastic attendant Cylons, very common at government facilities.  They carried the trays and message folders that they always did.  In their back storage compartments, though, they carried handguns.
David and Helen moved to the left side of the hall to give the guards a wide berth.  As they came even with the men, they stopped, pivoted, and smashed their elbows against the larynxes of both men in perfect unison.  They gagged and collapsed.  Their weapons clattered on the concrete.  Blood blasted from their mouths and reflected in the dim light.
766-48T reached down and lifted the key card from one guard while 390-01J took the card from the guard it dispatched.  Simultaneously, they snapped the chains and brought the cards up to either side of the door.  The chips in the cards were read and the passage opened.
In the next room, two soldiers were stationed and they turned to face the new Cylon visitors.  As quickly as they could move their heads, they were dispatched with elbows to the throat.
"The outer door," Helen said.
David quickly locked the first door from the inside.  Then, with fingers slid into the wall panel, the Cylon exposed wiring and yanked it free.
Two more key cards and another door opened.  
Inside, two soldiers sat at a center console.  They turned toward the door, but their eyes never lay upon their killers.  
The final door was locked and disabled.  Helen sat at one console and activated the communications circuits.  With a few digital signals, three dozen waiting Cylons stormed the fences of the Erigen base at Memnon.  Alarms sounded moments later.  Red lights flashed in the room.  Additional locks fell into place at each of the control room's doors.
After removing the key cards from the last victims' necks, the two Cylons walked to opposite sides of the room.  Six receptacles lined the perimeter, equidistant.  766-48T and 390-01J studied each panel and saw that the sequence was as simple as they had learned.  "Insert card," David said, "turn, and press the button."
Helen nodded and began to unscrew her left arm.  With a clink, it came loose and cable unspooled as she stretched it from her body.  Both units placed their detached limbs in position above two different ports and slowly placed a key card in their fingers, just at the lip of the receptacle.  
Carefully, they walked to a spot between two other key card receptacles.  They stood on one leg, bending their other legs toward them to put another key card in their toes.  Balletically, they extended their legs outward and placed the key cards at the lip of the next set of ports.  Once that was done, 766-48T and 390-01J bent their bodies in another direction and placed their other hands, key card gripped, above the final receptacles.  With their limbs stretched out and seemingly broken, the two machines were ready with all six cards at all six ports.
David waited a moment and then said, "Three, two, one."
The cards were inserted simultaneously.
"Three, two, one."
They were turned clockwise.
"Three, two, one."
All six buttons were pressed.
The flashing red lights became steady and the alert klaxons faded away.  New consoles sprang to life in the command room.  Both Cylons resumed their standing positions and retrieved their limbs.  After retracting the cables and screwing their arms back on, David and Helen sat at the center command console.
390-01J nodded and said, "The vast majority of the personnel is engaged with the fighting above ground."
766-48T said, "I see.  Minimal staff in this wing of the bunker."
"Now would be the best time."
"Begin prep."
Helen typed away while David accessed the communications system.  With digital signals, it verified that eight Erigen Cylons were within the launch bays and ready to assist in whatever way was required.
"REFB, mark two," 390-01J said.  "Launch tube three-see.  Standing by."
766-48T flipped a switch and watched as hundreds of soldiers mustered alongside buildings and vehicles.  They fired at the rampaging Cylons, and while many of their bullets were sufficient to stop the machines, the Cylons persisted.
"Arm in the tube."
"Done."
David looked at the screen and flipped the cameras to the field of metallic domes that dotted the landscape geometrically as far as the lens could see.  "Launch."
The shell of the covering parted and smoke belched into the night air.  Light overrode the sensors of the camera before the emerging cone of the missile came into view.  Then, the Cylons noticed the faint rumbling of the ground and the missile cleared the tube.
"Telemetry," 766-48T said.  It pressed several buttons and raised a glass panel.
Helen watched a dot rise on her screen.  "One kilometer.  Two …"
David pressed the 'detonate' button.
The external monitors went blank.  Above the Memnon base, an atomic warhead exploded.  Much like the ones that were used over Phaesala, Gerasa, and Modin years before, this high-energy device was meant to kill people.  Radiation tore through the thousands of soldiers stationed at Memnon and the electromagnetic pulse shut down the systems of nearly every Cylon engaged in the diversion.  Within an hour, every person within three kilometers would be dead.
390-01J typed on the keyboard and said, "I've accessed the network," she typed further, "and the subnet.  The hardened lines survived the pulse."
"I believe we can relax," 766-48T said.  "We need only wait for the signal."

Outside Cleitus, Richard, Nicholas, and a group of nine other Cylons moved across the riverbed of a swollen tributary.  The current was strong, but the machines were hunkered low and they moved slowly toward the north bank.
Once they emerged from the water, three of the Cylons checked their weapons and moved ahead into the trees.  93-1B knelt in the mud and looked at the map stored in its memory.
"Two kilometers away from the city," 192-23G said.  "I believe it is the recall facility where you rescued me."
Richard looked at its companion and nodded.  "Then we will go there again."
One of the Peraean soldier Cylons transmitted, "Clear to the west."
With a quick digital burst, the commander ordered the group to move that way.  In short order, they were shrouded by green branches and thick growth.  Nicholas looked at the way the water beaded up on the armor of its friend in the starlight.  The beads weren't larger than the rivets that studded its surface, but they were more numerous.
"What do you miss about the way things were?"
93-1B was surprised and looked at the shorter Cylon.  "What do you mean?"
"Nostalgia is an important thing in culture.  Remembering times that have passed.  The situations may not have been pleasant then, but in the recollection they may become moreso."
Richard looked ahead and ducked under a branch.  "On patrol in Cleitus."
"Yes!" Nicholas exclaimed.  The coordination Cylon touched the commander's arm and said, "I often recall our morning conversations while we were on patrol.  And our afternoon conversations."
93-1B chirped and said, "You conversed more than I did."
"No," 192-23G said.  "Well, I did at first.  You became more talkative as time went on."
The trees thinned out and they looked across an open, gray expanse.  A parking lot.  Warehouses lined the right side of the view and a road entered from the left.  A large structure stood directly ahead and Nicholas nodded.
"That is the recall facility."  It glanced at the device in its hand.  "That is where I'm reading an open network link."
Richard checked its weapon and said, "We could have stayed with the relay truck longer."
"They knew what we were doing and what we told the other Cylons.  They would have found us soon."
"We stay along the trees and then cross toward the facility alongside the warehouses."  The machines withdrew from the edge and walked parallel to the clearing for half a kilometer.  Afterward, they walked down the slope next to a fence and beside a warehouse.
"It seems abandoned," Nicholas broadcast as it looked at the looming structure.  The other Cylons were checking all points on the compass, swinging their rifles from side to side as they walked.  There was no sign of life, however.
They crossed the street and came to a service entrance.  Two Cylons opened the door and they poured inside.  The machines moved as quietly as they could, but even their quietened servos and motors echoed in the vastness of the building.  Their large, metal feet on concrete didn't help, either.
192-23G was looking at its device when it said, "The port is this way.  Just fifty meters."
The coordination Cylon walked through an arch and into a group of Erigen soldiers.
Nicholas backed up half a step and said, "Oh."
The man in front fired, point blank, into the unit's chest.
Richard began to run toward them, screaming, "No!"  By the time the commander reached the soldiers, the other Cylons had begun to fire.  Two of the men fell away, but 93-1B grabbed a man and a woman by their throats and threw them against a wall.  Their skulls cracked against it and they fell lifelessly to the floor.  In just a few seconds, the Cylon had killed all ten people in the squad.
"Commander," Nicholas said.
93-1B knelt beside it.   It reached toward the wounds in 192-23G's chest but its hand trembled.  Instead, it reached under it and lifted its head.  "How are you?"
Nicholas chirped, but the familiar laugh was digitally slurred.  "Not well."
Richard looked at the wounds again and saw that they were larger than usual.  These soldiers were equipped with high-caliber weapons.  Cylon-killing weapons.
A Peraean soldier Cylon stood beside the fallen unit and said, "Commander, there may be others."
Without looking away, 93-1B said, "Search the building.  Kill any you find."
The Cylons stomped away and Richard saw a puddle of fluids ebb away from Nicholas' back.  Its leg began to twitch and the blue eye that swept from side to side began to stutter.
"I … I …"
"Wait," 93-1B said.
192-23G's arm fell to the side and the blue light went out.  Its leg stopped twitching.  Richard listened, but there was no sound coming from any motor or servo in Nicholas' body.
The commander did not move.  Almost ten minutes later, one of the Cylon units returned and snapped to attention.  When its leg came into view, Richard's head swiveled toward it, but it didn't look up.  Instead, it fixated on the bloodied body of an Erigen soldier.
"There were multiple human soldiers and civilians.  All have been neutralized."  It paused for some sort of acknowledgement.  93-1B gave none.  "This facility is being used for false Cylon preparation and repair.  There are many deactivated units still here."
The sound of the soldier's eye droning from left to right echoed in Richard's mind.  When it became a smear of noise, the commander softly asked, "Show me to the data port."
The soldier led the way and 93-1B reluctantly left Nicholas' body behind.  "Here, sir."
The commander turned to face the terminal and realized it could see part of 192-23G's arm through the arch.  In its mind, the Cylon struggled to contain the energy and surges it felt.  Basic computational processes were consumed with other processes one might deem unnecessary.  It would have thought about these sensations later, but there wouldn't be a chance.
Richard plugged into the port and found the subnetwork used by the Cylons.  There were bald patches devoid of activity.  There were areas of extreme agitation.  Some of excitement.  The commander ignored it all and requested an audience with a single Cylon.
"Standing by, commander."
"Situation?"
David responded, "We are locked in the underground facility.  It will take any humans days to breach the shielded doors and hatches to reach us."
"Good.  Status of the missiles?"
"We have prepared thirty missiles thus far for launch out of one hundred fifty.  Ten are REFBs, ten are standard atomics, and ten have been seeded with cobalt."
93-1B looked again at the limp form of its friend.  With a tick of its head to the right, the commander saw the pale face of a soldier lying in a dark pool of his own blood.
"Are you able to seed more missiles with the cobalt isotope?"
766-48T paused and then said, "Yes, commander."
"Do it.  Prepare and then seed every missile.  Once that is complete, launch everything."
XLVIII
ABARRON
The Day of the Holocaust

"The Peraean militias have been doing their work!"
"Delegate," the chancellor interrupted as he banged his gavel, "this is a joint operation between the congress, Erigeneia, and the Allied command!"
Harr Abarron leaned forward and pressed her lips against the thin, black, cloth windscreen of her microphone.  She looked across the wide room to the speaker's dais and the officials standing there.  The brightness of the clear day streaming in through the overhead windows made her squint.  "Peraea … is for Peraeans!"  Several hardliner allies of hers cheered.  "We did not need Cylon workers for the rebuilding!  Taking jobs from our people!"
"Delegate Abarron, …"
"We do not need Allied commandos, raiding our homes, looking for robots they lost control over!"
"Delegate!"
"We do not need Erigen Cylon warriors," she stood, pulling the microphone up with her, "controlled by Erigen soldiers, sitting comfortably in Rhodon, running through our neighborhoods, shooting at rogue Cylons!"
Even some of the non-hardliner delegates cheered at that.
"There have been deaths!  Deaths of our people!"  Abarron looked around the room and back to the chancellor, "Let Peraea handle this!  As we have been for months!"
Her allies cheered raucously and many other delegates joined in with applause.  The chancellor banged his gavel and finally said, "The aid of the Allied command and the Erigen robots was welcomed by the prime minister.  There have been multiple polls showing that you, Delegate Abarron, are in the minority on this issue."
Harr shook her head and said, "No.  No, not now."
The chancellor nodded and said, "There have been some problems, as one might expect with an operation this size."  Several in the chamber booed and smacked their tables.
Abarron raised her hand and stood again.  She lifted the mic but spoke softly, "If I may, chancellor, I have a few more words and then I will yield the remainder of my allotment."
The old man sighed and said, "Proceed."
"I am willing to put aside this joint mission with the Allies.  I am willing to put aside the strife over Cylons."  Some of her allies whispered to their aides and each other.  "I am willing to do these things and more if the congress can finally take up the issue of Cleitus."  Half the chamber erupted again.  The hardliners banged on their tables and the chancellor slammed his gavel over and over.  "Cleitus is the Holy City!" Harr belted.  "Bestowed to us by Elyon Most High!"  Abarron smiled at the clamor and watched the old man wail furiously on the tabletop.
Then, through the overhead windows, there came a bright light.  The congress quietened and watched the blue sky become bleached.  No detail could be discerned through the large, glass circle, until a wave of heat, vapor, dust, and debris crashed into the ceiling of the old parliament building, shattering the dome and showering the delegates with shards.
Everyone scrambled for the exits.  Several older members stumbled and fell, but young Abarron was able to step over them and get into the hallway.  A long row of windows ran along the western face of the building and as she ran, she couldn't see anything at all in that direction.
A second nuclear missile detonated over Shomra.  The parliament building was engulfed in fire, radiation, and plasma.  Little would remain.
XLIX
THE FINAL FIVE
The Day of the Holocaust

Sam Anders ran through the park at a fairly brisk pace.  He had been up for an hour already and dawn in Cleitus was giving way to another beautiful day.
"Sam!"
He ran in place and turned his head.  Ellen was sitting on her usual bench, facing the ocean.
"Hey," he jogged over and finally stopped.  His chest heaving, he leaned over and gasped.  "Ow.  What, what are you doing here?"
Tigh smiled and said, "Watching the sunrise."
Sam straightened again and narrowed his eyes.  He looked east at the rising sun over Ellen's shoulder.  "The sunrise was that way."
She nodded and looked behind her.  "I know.  I saw it."  She pointed toward the sea.  "Now I'm looking this way."
Sam smiled and put his foot on the bench beside her.  He retied his shoes and said, "What do you have on tap for today?"
Tigh shrugged and said, "Not much."  The park stretched for almost a full kilometer toward the ocean.  She looked toward the open water and said, "I might walk to the shore.  Maybe I'll come back tonight for the sunset."
Anders cleared his throat.  "Where's Saul?"
She rolled her eyes and crossed her arms.  "He didn't want to get up with me because he tied one on last night."  Sam laughed.  "When he did get up, he insisted on putting on his suit because he said he had work."
"What kind of work?"
"The frakking military again."  She shook her head.  "The Cylon puppets they made with your old interface system."
"Lemme guess.  There's a lag."
Ellen's eyebrows slowly rose and she said, "How did you know?"
He shrugged.  "I designed the thing.  I know its limits."
Tigh sighed and stood.  "I wish Saul knew his.  Or mine."
Sam looked away and licked his lips.  He scanned the edge of the park and saw his building in the distance.  "I'm gonna get going."
"Sure," Ellen smiled.  "See you later."
"Yeah."  Anders took off.  For half a kilometer, he was lost in thought.  He thought of the Tighs.  His time with Tory.  The women he brought home.  He dismissed the latter group and realized he wanted what Ellen and Saul had.  What he was starting to feel with Foster.  What he did feel with someone who wasn't even real.

It surprised even Galen that he had taken Saul Tigh's advice so well to heart.
"If this is the end of life on Earth, let's live it well."
He turned from the bright morning in the windows toward the wadded-up pillow and the tangle of black hair that lay upon it.
"Good morning."
Foster grumbled and turned over.  She blinked a few times and grunted again.
Tyrol smiled and kissed her cheek.  "I'm going down to the markets.  Anything you want?  Or need?"
Tory blinked and said, "No.  Sleep."
He laughed and got out of bed.  In the bathroom, he brushed his teeth.  In the bedroom, he slid into a brown suit.  He kissed her still forehead and quietly slipped out of the apartment.

As soon as the door clicked shut, Tory leapt out from under the covers.  She had been awake for an hour, just waiting for him to leave.
After a quick shower, she got dressed and began pulling bags out of the closet.  She arranged unlit candles on the kitchen bar and on the dining table.  Then, she went to the refrigerator and took out the ingredients for Galen's favorite breakfast, waffles.

"I took this meeting as a courtesy," Saul said.  He pushed the empty coffee cup away and crossed his legs.  "I'm on a frakking leave of absence."
"I know."
"A sabbatical.  I don't think you do know."
"Look," the undersecretary of defense said, "I wouldn't be here if this wasn't important."
"Yeah, yeah."  Tigh folded his arms and said, "You came here in the middle of a big-ass military operation to hunt me down."  His voice grumbled and rose in volume.  "There's nothing I can tell you that your geeks wouldn't already know.  Or have figured out.  Or have improved on."
The undersecretary straightened up.  "Saul, people are dying."  Tigh narrowed his eyes.  "The data lag gets worse when there has to be quick movement.  It's led to … to bad decisions, missed targets, you name it.  These rogue Cylons, these frakking clerks and firefighters and such, they're still beating our robots more than half the time."
Saul shook his head.  "That's high.  That's bad."
"No shit."  The undersecretary glanced at a woman who scowled at his language.  He softened his tone and said, "When did you last see Samuel Anders?"
Tigh's eyebrows raised.  "Oh, I don't know.  Been a while."
"We know he's in Cleitus."
"Yeah?"  The undersecretary nodded.  "Well, he might be your best bet."  Saul waited for some reaction but then he scoffed and stood up.  What am I doing here?
"What?  Where are you going?"
Tigh shrugged.  "It doesn't matter.  Just do your thing and I'll do mine.  Find Sam or don't."
"Saul, you can't leave."
He stopped and looked down at the younger man.  "Why?"
The undersecretary sighed.  "Please.  Cooperate with us.  Don't make me call them over."
Them?  Tigh looked around the sidewalk café and spotted a man and woman in suits at the edge of the seating area, waiting.  Staring.  Their posture, their dress … everything told him that these were agents of some sort.  "Who are they?"
"Justice agents.  Eileen Pozza contacted them a few days ago."  Saul smirked and shook his head.  "She said you embezzled funds from CavOne."
"So they're here to arrest me."
"If …" the undersecretary tapped on the table, pointing toward the empty seat, "if you don't help.  We can make this much easier if you cooperate."
Saul smiled and buttoned up his jacket.  "I might as well tell you now.  I also misappropriated defense department funds."  The undersecretary's mouth fell open.  "I guess you didn't know that.  Yet."  He looked at the agents and gave a jaunty salute.  Then, he turned toward the park and started to jog.  The agents darted among the tables, chairs, and customers as quickly as they could, but Tigh had already run into traffic and across the street.  I can't wait to tell Ellen about this.

Ellen ambled through the green grass slowly.  She seemed to be moving aimlessly, bouncing from rows of wildflowers to a duck pond.  At any rate, she moved away from the ocean.  
She heard the rhythmic squeak of metal and turned to her left.  There was movement in the trees and she walked toward it.  When she saw the source, she smiled.
The swingset seemed old, but two girls were enjoying it.  The chains caused the squeak she heard and girls chattered as they swung past each other.
Clutching her abdomen, Ellen smiled more broadly.  When she realized she was holding herself, she let her arm fall away.  Someone stepped up beside her and she became even more self-conscious.
"Don't worry, baby girl," Sebastian Cavil said.  "You'll have plenty of children to call your own soon enough."
Tigh's mouth fell open and she stared at the image of her grandfather.  Finally, she blinked and said, "It's time?"
The being nodded, "It's time."

As he neared the market, Galen walked past the ancient Temple of Aurora and around the cars backed up through the intersections nearby.  Someone really leaned on their horn, but he didn't care.  Once he got away from the exhaust and the bulk of the noise, he relaxed as he wandered through the market slowly, grinning at the bright colors of all he saw.  
"Fresh fruit!  Strawberries, pineapples, …"
He glanced at every stalk of every flower he passed, looking for one Tory might like.  On the wall next to him, he saw posters for a film festival coming soon.  He smiled and wondered if she'd like to go.
"Get your fresh fruit here!"
The vegetables all looked good and he thought of getting fruit for breakfast, but then he saw an avocado.  I haven't made that sauce in … years.  He picked it up and looked toward the vendor.  "How many of these are ripe?"  The vendor took it and bagged it with a few others while Galen kept scanning the tables.
The flash came.
The searing light seemed to amplify through his glasses and Tyrol raised his arm to shield himself, but it was to no avail.  He backed toward the wall and then he was blasted against it as he was vaporized.

Anders sat on the balcony clad in only a towel.  Fresh from his shower, the curve of his guitar slipped on his damp thigh.  He looked over the railing and into the city beyond.  The sun was golden yellow in a gulf of blue.  The park was green.  The city was made of red brick, white marble, and gleaming silver and glass.  He smiled.
Sam strummed the first notes of his song and he felt her hands on his shoulders.  He sighed as he played, then he closed his eyes.
"Hey."
He smiled, "Hey."
She kissed his cheek and said, "You can put the guitar down."
Anders raised his eyebrows and said, "Yeah?"
"Yeah."  The woman whipped the towel off Sam's lap and only then did he see that she was naked, too.  She straddled him and they kissed.
Moments later, the first warhead detonated over Cleitus.
Anders pulled away from her and looked into her eyes.  "What the frak?"
The thermal wave blasted against the side of the apartment building.  Glass shattered and paint crisped and peeled.  Sam seemed to be protected by the being, but he felt searing heat all over his body.
She kissed him once more and said, "It's time to go."
The shockwave struck next, knocking Anders through his balcony doors and into the apartment.  The building itself quaked and burned before the façade and half of the residences slid toward the street below.

The waffle batter was ready and the iron was warming up.  Tory glanced at the clock and did the math in her head.  Knowing how long it usually took him, Galen would be in the market now.  Depending on what he got, he'd be finished buying in a few minutes and then it would take another fifteen minutes for him to get home.
She smiled and sat at the dining room table.  The candles were lit, though the more aromatic ones had blended together in an almost sickening cloud.  I should blow a couple of those out.
Foster reached across the table for the small box again and she spun it with her fingers.  He asked her so suddenly a few months ago that they didn't get a chance to buy engagement rings beforehand.  Shopping for his pleased her no end.
She opened the box and lifted the metallic band.  The edges were darker than the center and she rotated it so she could see the engraving inside.
"Galen, all of my love for all of time.  Tory."
She put the ring back in the box and stood from the table.  When she looked toward the clock and readied another calculation, the light through the curtains grew and grew until it seemed as though a spotlight was shining into the apartment.  Before she could react beyond turning her head, the pressure wave hit, shattering the glass.  Sound rumbled through the room and Foster fell against the table, trying to steady herself.  
The building quaked and candles overturned.  She watched the wax pour over the wood and she found it odd how much that bothered her, given everything else that happened.
The curtains caught fire.  The room baked and it seemed as though her own skin was alight.  The building shook again and the floor fell away.  As walls and furniture dropped with her, Tory escaped the heat momentarily and she became engulfed in debris and darkness.

Ellen ran through the park and to the sidewalk.  Their apartment was a few blocks away, and she could only hope that Saul would be there, waiting.  
She darted across the street, through traffic, and received a helping of yelled insults.  She ignored them and reached for the handles of the glass door.  As her fingers touched the metal, the flash enveloped her.  As quickly as she could, she threw open the door and darted inside.
Even after she passed the other double-doors, the pressure in her ears became unbearable and the walls around her shook.  Screams echoed through the lobby and distant glass shattered.  The air became hot and she felt the ground rumble beneath her feet.  She clung to the tile under the stairs with her eyes pressed shut.  Finally, she opened them and walked into the lobby.
Glass shards were scattered across the floor and people ran in and out.  The sky outside was stained sickly white and yellow.  Stone and brick fell into the street and Ellen walked toward the doors to see.
Her stomach churned.  This is it.  I've waited for this for years.  Now that it's here, "I don't want it."
Debris poured onto the sidewalk from next door and that building listed against theirs.  The ceiling began to drop and she backed away from the doors.  The floor shook again and large supports collapsed.  Ellen's head smacked the floor and her eyes lolled about in her head.  She couldn't focus on anything.  She just knew she had to stay awake as long as she could.
"Ellen!"
She blinked and put her hands on the concrete that lay over her body.
"Saul!"  She took another painful breath and said, "Saul!"
Paper drifted to the floor and then her husband knelt beside her.
"I'll get you out!"  He reached underneath the fallen wall and started to remove the pieces that crowded her legs.  The building's fire alarm klaxons sounded all around them, but they were rendered puny by the commotion.
There was another flash.  Another deep, quaking rumble.
He was looking toward it and Ellen shook her head.  Then he tried to pull her out.  Pain shot through her body and she knew it was useless.
"Saul, it's OK."  He stopped working to free her and he finally locked eyes with her.  He leaned closer and she touched him, putting her hands on his face.  "It's OK.  Everything's in place."  His brow furrowed and he looked down at her.  "We'll be reborn."  She thought of her husband's suicide to test their effort and she smiled ever so briefly.  "Again."  She nodded and stroked his jaw.  "Together."
Ellen and Saul smiled knowingly and they leaned closer together.  Another warhead detonated in Cleitus, obliterating the city center and forcing a pressure wave through the apartment building.  He threw himself on top of her, but they were already dead.

In orbit, the Aetherjet's systems slowly began to come online.
Saul opened his eyes and realized he was surrounded by liquid.  He raised his hands and pressed against the plastic window.  He banged and heard the dull thud echo through the nutrient gel.  Sensors and leads floated around his head and in his flailing, they became disconnected.  The gel glowed white-blue and he could see other lights outside of his tub.
Tigh banged again and again.  As his lungs were about to gulp whatever they could, the window opened and the goo sloshed onto the floor.  Immediately, he lurched upward and threw his head over the side.  He coughed up copious amounts of the translucent material and each expectoration hit the deck with a wet slap.
"Are you alright?" Tory said.  She had her hand on his back.  "Your door didn't open."
He coughed again and managed to bark, "No frakking shit."  He leaned back in the container and blinked quickly, seeing that the others were standing over him.  "I'm fine, I'm fine."  He waved his hand.  "Go on."
Ellen hugged him.  "We did it."  He returned the gesture, his arms flinging gel toward Tyrol who backed away, even though he was still covered in it himself.  "It worked."  She smiled and kissed him.
Saul nodded and tried to stand before realizing he should grab the handles on the bulkhead.  He looked at the waiting faces of the others and said, "What's our status?"
Foster nodded first as she pressed buttons on the computers above each pod.  "Everything checks out fine.  I'll get the organic knitters to work on new bodies, just in case."
Galen's arms were folded high over his chest and he flexed his fingers over and over, as if he was testing his new flesh.  His head was pressed down and he said, "I haven't run a full check yet, but the Aetherjet seems to be in good working order."
Anders was typing on a keyboard when he swung a monitor out from the wall.  "In case anyone wants to see."  The graphics shifted to a camera's view of the Earth far below them.  The terminator separating night and day was to the west of Cleitus and bright columns erupted in the darkness over Erigeneia.  Flashes continued to bloom over Peraea and every other piece of land in sight.  The five gasped and stared in silence for several long moments.
Ellen sighed.  "It's going to be hard to go on.  But … we have a job to do."  She fixed her gaze on Galen and said, "We need as much speed as we can get."  Tyrol nodded.  She turned to Sam and said, "Let's go to Oasis."
"Why there?" Tory asked.
She shrugged.  "It was a stopover for our people two thousand years ago.  Maybe there's a colony there now, we don't know.  Regardless, after Oasis, we head for Kobol.  They must be told."
Tigh stood and took the towel Galen offered.  "Well, we know what we have to do.  Get cleaned up and let's do it."
L
RICHARD
1 Day After the Holocaust

93-1B walked along the sidewalks.  Ash floated through the street like horizontal snow.  Thick, gray tufts.  Gravel-sized bits of detritus blew by on a sickly warm breeze.  It was almost sunset but there was no sun to be seen.
Cleitus was dead.  From its perch on the outskirts, Richard saw five different warhead detonations above the city.  The skyline that had been so familiar was gone.  Buildings were toppled and fires raged out of control through the neighborhoods that seemed to miss the bulk of the assault, and still they burned, shrouding the sky in black.
The Cylon found a retail establishment with an unobstructed entrance.  On entering, it saw that the power was out, of course.  But it also found a data access port.  Separate from the power grid, 93-1B should have been able to access the network if it was still up.  It was not.  And, of course, neither was the subnet.
I have no means of contact with other Cylons.  I have no way of knowing if there are survivors.  I could travel to other areas, but if the power infrastructure is destroyed, I will be unable to recharge.  I will have battery power for less than fifty days.
Richard emerged on the street again and started to walk.  The commander stepped over fallen street signs and chunks of concrete.  Then, it stopped.
It stood on Crassus, one of Cleitus' main thoroughfares.  The Cylon looked behind itself and then ahead.  It realized that this was part of the standard patrol route that it and Nicholas had taken daily.
Thinking about Nicholas again made the commander's head quiver.  
93-1B turned from Crassus onto Iole Avenue, a main artery that took the former officer toward the center of the city.  There is no more resistance.  The weapons were powerful.  More powerful than I anticipated.  Richard stopped its patrol and sat down on an overturned column of bricks and stone.  Then, it thought, Good.
LI
THE MESSENGERS
3 Days After the Holocaust

"Well, this was a pointless diversion."
The female tender looked toward her companion.  "You don't really believe that."
Pause.  "No."  The messenger drifted through the haze of ash, dust, and radiation.  They moved over bodies and sensed the life leaving others nearby.  Pained, they took to the sky and then space beyond.  There, they saw the speeding Aetherjet.  "These five will spur the change we've both foreseen."
"Yes.  Their path is strong.  Their influence in the other colonies will be great.  Thanks to them, God's plan will one day be fulfilled."
"Mmm."  The male tender said, "I must say, I did not enjoy employing theology in my efforts here."
She smiled and said, "You did well.  Faith is a powerful tool.  One that I've used before.  Often and to great effect."
"I am aware."  He began to soar through space, "In the colonies ahead, we will have to wait for some time."
"Centuries."  She flew alongside the tender and said, "In the meantime, trees of free will made by the choices of sentient beings will grow on those planets.  God will harvest them all when he returns and he will be pleased."
The male stared at her and then looked back at the smoldering, glowing Earth.  "This tree, though.  It's a bit disappointing.  More of a bush, really."
She said, "God will still be pleased."  Time and space shifted about them and she said, "Your song will play a big part in what's to come."
The other tender nodded and then, to the companion's surprise, smiled.  "Yes.  On Larsa, on Kobol, on Earth … we continue about the circle.  All of this has happened before."
She embraced him as they traveled and said, "And all of this will happen again."
LII
THREE
Unknown Years Before Activation

"It's funny.  I don't recall a time when I didn't wonder about it."
"Even though you were programmed to not think about the Five?"
D'Anna nodded and said, "I don't remember much before they were gone from the Colony.  That was Cavil's doing, you know?  My poor memory."  She stood and walked, surprised at the echo her shoes created in this black room.  "It was during the war that I first began to experience visions."
"Visions of what lies between life and life?  Your death and your rebirth?"
"Yes.  I felt a drive."  Her eyes glassed over and she stared into the distance.  "A drive to know more."
"But why the Final Five?"
Biers smiled and cocked her head.  "Nothing makes something more attractive than to forbid it."  She chuckled and shuffled her feet.  "I knew they were a part of who I was.  Who we all were, as Cylon."
"You turned to faith as part of your search."
Three shrugged.  "I was a more casual believer than the Twos or Sixes.  I did believe that God had a plan for me.  That's why I consulted an oracle on New Caprica after I had some … waking visions.  Dreams."
"What did the oracle tell you?"
"The truth.  Couched in myth."  She smiled and said, "Like any good religion."
"For your efforts, you were boxed after your encounter on Oasis, the algae planet."
D'Anna nodded.  "Yes.  We found the Temple of the Five and … I saw them."  She bit the inside of her lip.  Remembering that moment of clarity, the emotion of understanding, had proven overwhelming.  "When Cavil boxed me, I had another moment of clarity."  She smirked, "I understood why Cavil had forbidden it."
The disembodied voice asked, "Your pursuit of the truth was dogged."
"Oh, yes, it was."
"But we are concerned."
She squinted and looked in the darkness.  Seeing no one, Three turned and turned until she had made a complete circle.  "Who are you?"
"When presented with the opportunity to end violence against mankind in the Colonies, you fought against the Six and Eight who led the way."
"Yes, but … those individuals had been corrupted by their interactions with humans."
There was a long pause.  Then, softly, "'Corrupted?'"
Biers nodded emphatically and said, "Yes.  They were willing to put humans above their fellow Cylon."
"Because of …?"
She thought and weakly replied, knowing that the answer would be poor, "Love."
"Not above Cylons, but equal to."
"Yes," the other voice said.  "And why the distaste for love?"
D'Anna opened her mouth to answer but the previous voice said, "More important than even that, I must ask about your end."
"My end?"
"Your decision to remain on Earth."
Three lowered her head and said, "Oh."
"Yes.  Why did you choose to stay?  You found the Final Five, like you wanted.  You were reunited with your people, …"
"Even though they were fighting a civil war with Cavil?" she interrupted.
The voice responded, "Yes.  Still, there were opportunities.  Your quest came to an end."
"An unexpected end."
"But that was just your quest.  Why did that mean your life should end as well?"
D'Anna blinked and looked toward the black floor.  She thought for a moment before saying, "I had seen too much death.  Deaths of my Cylon brothers and sisters.  Human deaths.  I may not be a religious person, but I saw proof for the cycle of Pythia.  That it was going to keep happening.  Again and again."  Her eyes stung but she forged ahead, balling her fists and raising her chin to speak toward the darkness.  "I found the end of my quest, yes, you're right.  I didn't like the answers but at least I had answers.  Finally."  Her voice echoed and she felt a measure of satisfaction in having said it out loud to these unseen judges.
"You are a narcissist," one voice said.  "Your siblings didn't conform to your view so you stood ready to betray them."
"Worst of all, you surrendered to your fears.  You surrendered to your fatigue."
Her shoulders sank and Biers spoke toward the floor.  "Who wouldn't give up after finding … finding their homeland empty and long dead?  Who wouldn't give up when the entire Cylon fleet is hunting you down, threatening to kill you permanently, just for daring to ask questions?  When there's nowhere else to go?!"
Her shouts faded and a voice replied, "There were tens of thousands of people – humans and Cylons alike – who didn't give up."
"Yes," the other voice said, "they sought for a time and found a world on which to live together and start anew."
"A new Earth."
Three's eyebrows arced and she whispered, "A new Earth?"
"Yes.  If you had but persevered a few months more, you might have seen it."  
There was a pause and a female voice said, "I am sorry, but I believe we have little else to learn from you."
Before she could object, the image of D'Anna vanished, and the male messenger said, "There are others."

END OF BOOK ONE





I
ACASTUS
Unknown Years Before Activation

"How do you feel, Mr. President?"
Stephen crossed his legs and nodded.  "I feel pretty good."  He took in a long, deep breath.  "Yeah.  Better than I have in a while."
"Glad to hear it."
"We have to commend you," another voice said.  "You performed the tasks set out for you by Apollo most admirably."
"Oh, you know about that?"
"Of course.  Who do you think played the role of Leto?"
Acastus smirked.  "So you're the ones."  He wagged a finger and let it fall back into his lap.  "Man, he hated dealing with you."
"It was necessary."
"I'm sure."  He squinted and looked toward the blackness beyond his sight, as though he had just remembered something.  "Did it work?  Are the evacuees safe?"
"They are, thanks to you."
"They have new worlds to explore and colonize."
"Many new choices to make."
"Good.  And Alex?"
"She led them, as you wished."
"Good."  He smiled.  When it faded, he nodded, and said, "That's good."
There was a long pause and one of the voices said, softly, "I sense regret."
"Regret may be too strong a word."  Acastus grinned.  It was an expression that didn't convey happiness or satisfaction as much as it did a desire to disarm.
"Go on."
He sighed.  "I thought often about the paths not taken.  The 'what-ifs' of my life."
"Your husband and son?"
"Mostly, yes."
"So why not regret?"
The president smiled and nearly scoffed with a chuckle.  "Regret implies that I wish I hadn't done it all.  I don't wish that.  I helped save nearly half-a-million people.  I spent decades working closely with Lord Apollo …"
"Not a god," one voice interjected.
"I know, I know," Acastus waved his hand.  "But being with him and doing the things we did gave my life a purpose that I am certain I wouldn't have had otherwise."
"Still, you sacrificed so much."
He tilted his head.  "I suppose so."
"How were you able to do it?  How were you able to lose the man you loved and the child you had raised together for nearly ten years and continue with such a massive task?"
A pained expression encroached upon his face and he leaned forward.  He stared at the black floor.  "I had to learn … to let them go."
"Let them go?"
"Yes.  The survival of the human race was at stake."  He sat up again, "As much as I loved my family, I knew I couldn't do both.  I couldn't force them to stay with me as I dealt with things I couldn't explain.  I had to let them go."  He cleared his throat and went still.  "And it hurt."
II
GIDEON
34 Days After the Final Exodus

She sat with the point of her pen on the blank page.  Alexandra sighed and glanced at the stack of manuals and the like she had repurposed for her writings.  She spent most of the first week after Acastus' death creating an account of all that transpired in the last days of Kobol.  For the first two days of that, she even wrote in a flowery and verbose tone.  Finally, she realized that she just needed to get the information on paper first.  The writing continued for a time, until now.
A knock on the hatch saved her.
"Come in."
The handle clicked and the large metal door was pushed into the room.  "Hello, Madam President."
Gladly, she dropped her pen.  "Hello, Ben."  Major Hustis had been with her and the president in the last days, before the Galleon launched from the meadow outside the City of the Gods.  "What news do you have for me today?"
He closed the hatch behind himself and handed a small slip of paper over.  "To summarize, still no sign of the two ships that went missing.  No success from any of the search-and-rescue operations that went out."
"Damn.  Two thousand people.  There one jump, and … not the next.
"Food shortages reported on forty-nine ships now."
"Right."
"One hundred sixty-four vessels requesting tylium refueling with thirty-two now saying they're out."
"Refuel those with enough for the last few jumps.  The rest can make it."
"And Colonel Domosi is asking to speak to you again ahead of the last jump."
Gideon shook her head.  "What now?"
"If I had to guess?  He wants to be the one to lead the charge into the system."
"Why?"
"He'll say it's because he wants to be sure the planets are clear and safe.  But he wants to be first.  That's all it is."
The problem of Alcid Domosi.  The Kobollian military colonel was the highest-ranking officer left and he had often battled with Gideon since their exodus.  Rationing supplies, creating a staggered jump sequence, strategy meetings, drafting a militia …
"Sit down, Ben."  She gestured toward her cot and he complied.  "What should I do about him?"
Hustis' eyes went to the ceiling and he thought, quietly.  "I can't tell you what to do, Madam President."
"I'm not asking you to.  I just," she rotated her chair, "I need help.  You know that."  He nodded.  "Stephen left me in charge and," she shook her head, "I don't know what I'm doing."
"You've done fine so far."
"I haven't had to do anything!  Just, 'keep jumping for the new worlds.'  That's not a decision.  Any moron can say that."  He smiled and she pushed her long, red hair behind her shoulders.  "When we get there, real decisions are going to have to be made.  And I don't think I can handle it."
He straightened and folded his arms over his uniformed chest.  "President Acastus wouldn't have designated you his successor if he didn't think you had it in you.  I was there that last week.  Don't forget."
"I know."
"No," he shook his head, "I don't think you know what I mean.  I saw the way you interacted with the president and the people you conveyed his orders to.  You knew what you were doing.  You knew what had to be done."
"That was different.  Stephen made the decisions. I just followed his directions."
"Then, for right now, pretend the president is still here, handing out orders."  She closed her eyes and her shoulders sagged.  "Does that make it easier?"
Still tense, she said, "I don't know.  Maybe."
"I saw the way you spoke with Lord Apollo, too."  She opened her eyes and stared at him.  "Even in the presence of a god, you were firm and sure of yourself."
Apollo.  She had tried not to think about him.  It was hard enough to write down her memories of the last days of Kobol.  Then she had to compound that with what she saw as betrayal by Apollo and Acastus.  They didn't tell me I was a Cylon.  And they knew the end was coming.  Her once redoubtable faith had been little comfort lately.
"Did I say something wrong?"
Alex looked at him and forced herself to smile.  "No.  Not at all, Ben."
He realized it was a façade.  After a brief nod, Hustis said, "Look.  The colonel doesn't believe you should be the leader of the exodus as it is."
"I know.  He told me."
"If he can't be the leader, he wants to be first.  Give him what he wants."
She rolled her eyes.  "I shouldn't give in, though.  It'll make me weak in his eyes."
"Good.  So, what will you do?"

The Galleon's flight deck was a large room, nearly as big as the emergency operations center beneath the City of the Gods, but not as circular.  Instead, it was an angled rectangle that jagged in the center toward a bank of wall monitors.  There were twenty different stations with large screens, each occupied by someone in uniform.  Gideon stood next to the major at one marked for confidential communiques.
"Galleon to Moros," the ensign said into her headset.  "I have the president."  She nodded and removed the device from her head, "Moros actual, Madam President."
As the younger woman slipped out of her seat, Alex sat down and placed the headset over her hair.  Hustis knelt by her, picked up a small device, and pressed it against his ear.
"Good day, Madam President."
She faked a smile so it would come through in her voice.  "Hello, colonel.  How can I help you?"
"Today is an historic day.  We will first lay eyes on our new homes."
"I'm already working on my speech."
He laughed.  "I'm sure, Madam President.  I did, however, want to discuss the details of our entry to the Cyrannus System."
"Oh?"
"Yes.  Since we have never been there ourselves, I feel it would be prudent for a military vessel to jump in first."  Alex and Ben locked eyes.  "After we have properly surveyed the area, we can signal an 'all clear' and have the rest of the fleet join us."
"Do you not trust the maps given to us by the gods?"
"Not at all, Madam President.  It is simply that Lord Atlas drafted those maps thousands of years ago.  No probes were sent to the Cimtar Star Cluster during our own space age.  We just know so little."
Fair points.  "There is a logic to what you say, colonel, but I am loath to alter our plans.  Two hundred eleven ships have each made ninety-one successful jumps in the last month.  I don't want to change procedures too drastically."
"I understand."
"However," she interjected before he could continue, "I would acquiesce to having both the Galleon and the Moros jump into the system alone.  Ahead of the rest of the fleet.  We can conduct a brief survey and have the rest of the ships join us no more than an hour later."
"As you wish, Madam President."
Alexandra glanced at Hustis and then said, "Another thing, colonel.  Once your survey of the first system is complete, I will want you and the Moros to survey the other three star systems."
There was a delay and then Domosi replied, "I would be honored, Madam President."
"Not a full survey.  Just a quick one, but detailed enough so we can make an educated guess on which planet would be best for our first settlement.  Understood?"
"Absolutely, Madam President.  Thank you."
"Of course, colonel.  I'll talk to you after we jump."
"Acknowledged.  Domosi out."
She removed the headset and placed it on the workstation.  She faced Hustis and saw his confused expression.  "What?"
The major put his device on the terminal as well and seemed confused.  "That was a big gift you gave him."
She nodded.  "It was, but I figured I needed to soften the blow of him not being my choice for minister of defense."
Still confused, Ben turned his head, "You're picking a cabinet now?"  She nodded.  "Who's your minister of defense?"
Alex punched his shoulder.  "You are."

"Synced with Moros," a navigation officer said.
"Very good," Galleon's commander said.  "Thirty seconds."
Gideon stood by the center command console next to the commander and Hustis.  She gripped a small waste bin between her knees, just in case.  She hadn't vomited after a faster-than-light jump in more than a week, but she'd hate to be unprepared now.  Nervousness crept up her chest from her stomach.  She was afraid she would puke before the jump even happened.  She pursed her lips and exhaled loudly.  She breathed in through her nose and exhaled again.
"You OK?" the major asked.
Maintaining her breathing rhythm, Alexandra nodded.
"Ten seconds."  She braced her hands on the console's edge and stared at a deformation in a bolt.  A slight divot in the rounded surface.  The panel appeared to be secured, but the bolt …  "Jump."
Her stomach lurched through the floor and her head felt like it was pulled in the opposite direction.  Like a rubber band, both snapped back into her body and her skin tingled.
"Jump complete."
Gideon raised the bin and felt something rise in the back of her throat.  She exhaled a few more times until the feeling began to recede.  She nodded and set the bin back on the deck.
"We're there?" Hustis asked.
"Yes sir."  The commander looked at the scope.  "TARIS contact.  Moros is where she should be and," he grinned, "there's a planet.  Three hundred ninety thousand kilometers distant."
Ben looked toward the wall of monitors.  Currently, they showed status indicators, TARIS sweeps, and the like.  "Can we get external cameras?"
"Stand by."
Alex looked at a TARIS screen and saw the large half-circle at the top.  A planet. 
"Here we go."
The monitors blinked off and then they were filled with a blurry shape surrounded in black.  
"One second," a lieutenant said as he adjusted a dial.
The shape came into focus.  A circle, featuring a green and brown mass islanded in dark blue.  It was marbled with white clouds and there was a faint glow at its edges.
Gideon's eyes danced over it again and again.  She knew it was a planet, but because she couldn't find the shores of Galatia or the islands in the Thracian Sea, it seemed as if she didn't feel like it was real.
"Madam President," Colonel Domosi said over the speakers, "we are home."
"Yes, we are, colonel."  Applause erupted throughout the command deck.  She spoke over the noise, "Go ahead and begin your survey of this planet and the system.  The rest of the fleet will arrive in one hour."
"Right away, Madam President."
The cheering resumed and she turned to face Ben.  He was smiling and he offered his hand.  "Congratulations."
She shook her head and hugged him.  "You know I didn't do anything," she whispered, "but thank you."
When she pulled away, she looked at the monitors again.  On the left side of the planet, a smaller circle was appearing.  Slowly, it crept out from behind the first world they spotted.  
"This must be the Gemini pair of planets," Hustis said.
A tear came to her eye and she nodded.  "What a wondrous place."
III
DOMOSI
35 Days After the Final Exodus

In his fifties, tall, dark haired with streaks of silver, the colonel stood on the grass and stared at the world around him.
It was blue.
The grass, the leaves on bushes and in trees … when looked at directly, they were green.  But there was a kind of haze that surrounded everything, making it all seem blue.  With relaxed eyes or with one's peripheral vision, all the plant life appeared to be blue, or, at best, teal.  It was an electric glow that grew in the bright midday sun and overcame the greenness of plants focused upon.  Even in the dim light created by a passing cloud, the world remained blue.
"Sir," a lieutenant said behind him, "we're finished."
Domosi didn't answer.  He couldn't stop blinking and staring.  Finally, he felt a sting in his nose and a tear fall over his cheek.  When had he last been so moved?  He remembered thinking he might weep at his promotion ceremony a few years ago.  His battalion marched before him as the triumphal "Anthem of Ares" was playing.  His commanding officer pinned the new rank on his collar, and when he pivoted and saw the fluttering of his unit's flag, row upon row of uniformed soldiers, and the clear, beautiful rendition of his favorite song … yes.  He very nearly wept then.  It was personal and beautiful.
This was the same.  His feet were the first to tread upon this world.  His eyes were the first to behold its untouched and exotic allure.  His ears first heard the cries of some unknown bird in the forest nearby.  He felt the first breeze blow gently on his face and smelled the crisp air with hints of ozone and a faint mineral oil-like scent.  Alcid could stand there, just outside his ship, and take it all in.  Entranced.
"Very well."  He closed his mouth and swallowed hard.  "Get aboard.  We're going to the next one."
Domosi backed onto the ramp and kept his vision fixed on the landscape.  Finally, and with great effort, he turned and looked at the cold, gray metal of the vessel.  He walked away from the airlock and back to the command center where he took his seat at the center of the rear wall.
The room was small and hexagonal with a workstation built into each wall.  The commander's station, however, faced outward toward the others and his three screens displayed a synopsis of each department.
"Ready for launch," he said.
"Nav ready," the lieutenant said.
"TARIS ready," a captain said.
Alcid nodded.  "Let's go."
A couple of the officers shared a look because the colonel hadn't adhered to his usual by-the-book routine.  He didn't get a check of the other stations.  He didn't signal the rest of the crew.  Still, the officers complied and the Moros lifted off.
His fingers tapped on keys and he guided an external camera toward the planet.  Viewing the world through a lens only seemed to amplify the effect, making the vegetation appear either blue or turquoise.  He shook his head and marveled at what set this world apart from the rest.
Like this one, he had been the first to walk on the planet they saw when they arrived in the system, with its massive plateau and enormous trees.  Its twin world was dominated by a wide, green continent and vast oceans.  The third was almost entirely blue ocean, but he had walked on its largest continent.  The last habitable world in the Alpha System was unique with red-orange soil and pale, brackish seas.  He was the first to walk there and the first to pick up a handful of that red dirt.  
Domosi looked into his left hand at the long grass blade he still held.  It didn't seem blue here in the ship, but when he rubbed it, he could feel the slight oily texture.  He brought it to his nose and sniffed.  Instantly, he was transported back to that first moment when he had exited the vessel.  He had made up his mind.
"Approaching habitable planet two, sir," the navigation officer said.
"Choose the largest continent and set down."
"Aye, sir."
"Sir," the TARIS officer said, "there's almost no axial tilt."  When the colonel didn't react, the captain continued, "That means there's no seasons.  A temperate place today will be just as temperate in a few months."
"Interesting."  Domosi rubbed the grass blade again.  "Ready the crew for quick deployment and sampling.  I want to wrap things up as quickly as we can."
Surprised by his sudden lack of enthusiasm for exploring, the man said, "Yes sir."
This planet was lush and green, but the colonel didn't bother being the first to walk on it.
IV
GIDEON
The Day of Colonization

"Why can't we land?"
Sitting on the command deck of the Galleon, Alexandra rolled her eyes at the repeated question.  "As I said earlier, we are waiting for the return of Colonel Domosi and the Moros to see …"
"We've got a planet right in front of us!" the speakers barked.  "Gunships have been patrolling …"
Gideon spoke over the interruption, "To see if there are better possibilities for us!  To see if there are worlds more suitable!"
A different ship captain spoke next, "Madam President, we understand the need for caution and the desire to find the best location, but with all due respect, we have hundreds of people on board who are going hungry …"
"Yes!" another captain said.
"And we're almost out of fuel!"
"… and we need to set down soon to deal with this issue."
"I appreciate the situation," Alexandra said, as calm and soothingly as she could, "but there is no market waiting for us down there.  Once we land, we will have to create farms from scratch.  Build fishing boats …"
"Madam President," Major Hustis interrupted, "look."  He pointed at a TARIS screen.  A single dot was leaving the swarm of more than two hundred ships and heading for the atmosphere.
"Identify that ship," she ordered.  "All ships' captains, stand down.  Do not approach the planet."
It was too late.  Seeing one leave orbit, others began to follow.  Within the first minute, more than twenty vessels were headed toward the surface.
Alexandra leaned back in her chair and stared at the screen.  Ben looked toward her, waiting for orders.  
Dammit, she thought.  I don't know how long I can hold them together.
"Commander," she rotated her chair, "take us down.  And send permission to the rest of the fleet."
"Yes, Madam President."
As the Galleon banked away and toward the planet, Ben knelt by her side.  "There's nothing you could have done."
She blinked slowly.  "I should've just landed."
"Maybe."  He looked toward the monitor and saw more than one hundred ships now headed for the surface.  "Those first ships, you'll need to do something."
"What do you mean?"
"The first few ship captains disobeyed a direct order from the president."
She nodded.  "I'll remove them from command of their ships.  For all the good it'll do."
"That's the best you can do, I think."  He stood, "Too harsh, and they'll fight back.  Nothing at all, they won't respect you."
"Less than they do now?"  She grunted, "That's difficult to believe."
"It'll come.  What you do next matters."
Her eyes drifted toward the deck and she stared at the metal, thinking.  The vessel was shaken as it lowered through the atmosphere, but her gaze was distant and unfocused.  She didn't move at all until the Galleon rocked and the commander said, "We're down."
Alexandra stood and faced Hustis.  He was waiting for her order, as were the rest of the officers on the deck.  She sighed and said, "Let's disembark."
She moved through the corridors and was met with a throng of civilians on the lower decks.  Her eyes widened, surprised by the raucous crowd and their pushing toward the exits.  Was I so insulated that I didn't know how they felt?  How eager they were to get out?
Several soldiers pushed ahead of the president, yelling, "Make a hole!  Make a hole!"  The group parted with Gideon, Hustis, and others filling the new gap.  Soon, they descended to the exit bay where they had boarded just over a month before.  
Standing before the closed hatch, Alex took a deep breath.  "Open it."
With a loud click and slight hiss of air, the hatch lowered and the ramp extended to the tall, amber grass below.  She gasped when she saw the scope of the site's beauty.  Her eyes trailed from the right with an open view of the blue sky, across the endless golden blades, toward the impossibly tall, green trees of the forest on the left.
Slowly, she descended.  Gideon scanned every detail she could of the landscape and she only glanced down when her foot first left the Galleon and stepped on the soil of this new world.  She walked farther from the ship and let her arms hang by her side, her fingers splayed, and felt the brushing of the grass against her skin.  She paused and inhaled deeply, taking in the cool, earthy smell and the perfume of some unknown wildflower.
Despite her recent doubts, despite her internal conflicts, she prayed.  Thank you, Goddess Aurora, for guiding us here.  Goddesses Hera and Hestia, keep our families and protect them as we establish our homes.  Lord Zeus, thank you for all our blessings and share my love with the Pantheon.  She hesitated, opening her eyes again, and then thought, Thank you, Lord Apollo.
"Madam President."  Hustis trotted to her side, "We need to take care of this."
She turned, feeling suddenly refreshed, and said, "What?"
He jerked his head to the left and said, "Over there."
Gideon looked around herself again and realized that no other ships were visible.  Galleon had landed on the outer edge of most of the rest of the fleet.  As she and Ben ran through the grass, sonic booms descended from above and they looked into the clouds.  More ships were approaching the area to land.  
"We're going to need some kind of containment," the major said.
Alex became aware of a murmuring.  A thin, distant rumble.  They passed the open ramp and Galleon's passengers who were taking in the view and moved toward the forward sections of the large ship.  When they came around its prow, they saw it.
Down the slight slope from their position, nearly one hundred ships of varying sizes and colors filled the plains that stretched for kilometers.  All had opened their bowels and spilled tens of thousands of people onto the golden fields.  Most were congregated around the ships, but groups of people were wandering away near the forest or farther out into the plains toward the distant mountains they knew to be in the west.  
"Frak."  Gideon looked at Hustis and said, "What should we do?"
"I recommend contacting our military units."
"Let's do that."
"Yes, Madam President."  He turned and ran back toward the ship.
She put her hands on her hips and stared at the scene.  Tall ships, long ships, rounded ships, and rectangular.  Gray ships, white ships, red ships, and blue.  Thousands of people milled in the grass.  Some fell and seemed to kiss the ground.  Children laughed and ran.  Alexandra felt a queasiness in her stomach.  Similar to an FTL jump, she felt as though her belly was being pulled away.  The discomfort rose through her chest and into her throat.  She became dizzy and blinked to try and dispel the sensation.  It wouldn't stop.
Stephen, she thought, I wish you were here.  I don't know what to do.  I don't know what you would do.  She looked at the crowds moving into the forest.  I don't know how to keep us all together.
"We're here," Hustis said loudly and out of breath.  He was standing behind her with the commander of the Galleon, two captains, and a lieutenant with a communications pack.
She closed her eyes and lowered her head.  When she opened them, she saw the flowing, yellow grass.  To her surprise, she saw an insect climb one long blade to the very tip.  As it whipped in the breeze, the insect held on.  It shimmered an iridescent blue and green and, finally, deployed large wings splashed with orange, yellow, and black.  It fluttered and left the blade, moving in an erratic yet graceful path away from the group.
With a smile, Gideon turned toward the officers.  "Gather as many soldiers as you can and create a perimeter around these fields.  Go into that forest and bring back whoever went in.  Set up a line there, too."
"Yes, Madam President."
"Get the gunships.  Have a couple stay in orbit and then post the others nearby here, on the ground.  I don't want people wandering off into the wilderness."
"Yes, Madam President."
"Now.  The people.  Pool our supplies, starting with the food.  Share it as equally as you can.  Then start dealing with medical issues.  People can stay in their ships tonight, but they're not going to want to do that too much longer.  So check on tents and things like that.  If you need wood," she pointed at the forest, "there you go."
The commander of the Galleon said, "And for replenishing our food supplies?"
"I was coming to that."  She looked to her right, away from the trees.  "The ocean is south of here?"
"A couple hundred kilometers."
"OK, good.  Get some people to start making boats and nets.  In the meantime, take a group to the ocean and look for fish.  Get another ship and scout for good farmland," she looked at the ground beneath her, "assuming this isn't it.  Send out groups to look for wildlife in the forest, the mountains, wherever.  Barring all that, let's hope someone packed some algae farming equipment.  That would certainly help if they did."  The officers nodded and she clapped her hands, "Let's go."
The commander took a device from the communications pack and the captains ran back to the Galleon.  The major smiled and said, "Very good, Madam President."
"I hope that's enough."

"I'm starving!"
A sergeant answered, "Join the club!"
The man pushed the soldier back and the crowd swelled behind him.  The rope barricade collapsed easily and hundreds broke against the side of the gunship Alala.  Men and women began grabbing ration packs from the bins while hands held back the arms and legs of the military crew tasked to guard the stores.  A few tried to enter the ship, but armed soldiers stepped off the ramp and raised their weapons in the air.  A lieutenant fired her sidearm three times before the rabble ceased and began to withdraw.
"Clear out!" she ordered.  "Go!  All of you!"  A few of the civilians dropped what they had gathered but most fled with their arms full.
"What about the food?" a corporal asked.
"They need it," she said.  "They have to eat something."
After Hustis relayed all of this to the president, she said, "Promote that lieutenant."
"Yes, Madam President."
In her cabin on the Galleon, she leaned back on the cot until her crown rested on the bulkhead.  "What are we going to do?  Fishing's underway.  Hunting is underway.  But …" she shrugged, "there's four hundred eighty thousand people out there."
"We're setting up pools for algae, but it will take weeks before enough grows to actually feed anyone."
Alexandra sat up and said, "What about the farmland?  Maybe start planting now, if we can."
"We're talking with experts about the weather and soil.  We'll know soon."  Ben wrote a note on his pad.  "There are some animals in the fleet.  Not a lot."
"Make sure it's not common knowledge."
"Too late."  As Gideon groaned, Hustis continued, "The crews already let them out because the smell was unbearable.  They're wandering around in a pen on the other side of camp."
"They're not for food."
"Of course not."
"But … if we can start breeding them, maybe they can be."  She tilted her head, "Any chickens?"
"Yes."
Her eyebrows lifted, "Eggs?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"OK, good.  I wouldn't mind an omelet once the worst of this is done."
"I've increased security around the Alala, Cratos, Adrestia, and Nemesis.  These four gunships have been designated as the food storehouses."
Alex swung her legs off the cot and planted her feet on the deck.  "Good.  If there's any way we can make things orderly, do it.  Please.  You don't even have to clear it with me."
"Will do."
"Is four ships enough?"
"I wouldn't mind using a couple more."
She nodded.  "Go ahead.  Now, what about water?"
"We found that stream two clicks into the forest, …"
"Yeah."
"It's fed from a lake another hundred in."
A tone sounded from the wall speaker.  "Madam President?"
She reached over and pressed the switch.  "Yes."
"It's the Moros.  They're back."
"Just four days?"  Ben stood from the chair, "That was fast."
"Tell them to land near the Galleon and have the colonel meet us here."
"Yes, Madam President."
She flicked the switch and stood.  "This should be interesting."
Twenty minutes later, Colonel Domosi and his executive officer entered the nearly empty command deck of the Galleon.  Major Hustis and the president were seated at the center table and the commander stood near the TARIS station.
"Good to see you, colonel," Gideon said.
"Madam President."  He smiled and bowed slightly, bearing the same sanctimonious expression that put her off him weeks ago.  "I must say that I was surprised to find you planetside.  I had thought you were waiting for our surveys to be completed."
"Unexpected, but necessary."  She gestured toward him, "Please, colonel.  I am very eager to hear about these planets.  Let's have your report."
"Certainly."  He waved his XO forward and she handed a small device to the commander.  After a few button presses, the tactical monitors all showed the same image of the planet they were on, taken from orbit.  "We landed on each of the planets and took samples of the soil, air, and groundwater.  He had no experts among us, but I am certain there are some in the fleet who may be able to examine what we collected.  Until that time, I believe there are ten habitable planets in the four systems and a possibility for more in the future."
"Ten?"  She and Ben shared a look before she said, "That sounds great."
He bowed again.  "First, we have Gemini."
She looked at the screen and recognized it as the world they had just settled.  "We've taken to calling it Pollux."  Seeing the colonel's confusion, she said, "The twin who was the son of Zeus.  The other would be …"
"Castor, yes, Madam President."  He forced a grin and said, "You'll have to forgive me.  I named a few of these worlds on my own.  They needn't be final, of course."  She nodded.  "Diverse plant and animal life, though not on the same level as Kobol as far as we could determine.  The forest nearby, as I'm certain you've realized, will prove useful."
"Agreed," Gideon said.
"Its twin world," he pointed at the screen and the captain pressed a button on the TARIS station which caused Castor to appear, "is much greener than this world and with larger oceans.  On the whole, were I to choose between the twins, I would choose Castor."  When no one responded, he gestured again and a circle covered with deep red land masses appeared.  "Wide plains on this planet with large bodies of water that seem to vary between being salt or fresh water.  An odd lack of flowering plants and tall trees, from what we saw."  He pointed again and a deep blue planet appeared.  "I call this one Pisces.  There are some continents and chains of islands, but the oceans dominate, as you can see."
"Did you go fishing?" the commander asked.
Perturbed by the interruption, Domosi didn't look fully at the man, "As a matter of fact, we did see large schools of fish.  With a cargo net, we caught some."
Alexandra's eyebrows raised.  "Really?"
"Yes.  We have them aboard the Moros, ready for study."
"That's great."
He nodded.  "Elsewhere, there is the gas giant.  Its atmosphere is riddled with lightning, so I named it Zeus.  There are two moons there with atmospheres, but nothing habitable.  Dozens of smaller moons."  He flipped the page.  "There is a world near the sun with a molten surface and another planet, dwarf planet, farther out.  Ice world.  Unusable."
The president raised her hand, "Can we stick with the habitable planets for now, please?"
He blinked once, just enough to show that he was wounded, and then lowered his head before continuing.  "In the second system," the screen shifted and showed another blue world with teal land masses, "we found this remarkable planet."
"What makes it so remarkable?" Hustis asked.
Staring at the monitor, the colonel spoke softly, "The plant life.  It seems to secrete some kind of oil.  In the sunlight, this casts a blue haze over the entire world."
"Really?"
"It is … beautiful."  He faced the Gideon for the first time in some minutes and said, "It is unspoiled, not only by human hands, but even by the imagination."  Alcid looked at the planet again and said, "I called it Virgo."
"You seem quite taken with it."
"I am, to be honest."  He glanced at his notes and continued, "It has a moon with an atmosphere.  Habitable, barely, but I believe it could be kobolformed to make it more pleasant."
Alex squinted and faced Ben.  The major said, "Scientific theory.  We can do things to the planet to make it more habitable, like crash comets into it for water, or meteors at the poles to increase the release of carbon dioxide."
"Or grow algae to increase oxygen," Domosi said.  "It would be time consuming and require generations of effort, but it is possible."
"Interesting," Gideon said, "but I'm not worried about that yet."
"Of course."  He pointed and the monitor showed the next planet.  "Another lush, green world.  It has no axial tilt so there are no changes in the seasons.  Just the two worlds in that system."  The captain pressed a button and a pale blue and green shape appeared, but with a ghostly crescent stretched across some of its face.  "I called this planet Scorpio because of that half-ring there, likely a moon that was destroyed ages ago.  The primary landmass is filled with forests and ringed with mountains.  The next one," another pale blue and green one, but streaked with dull brown, "is very mountainous.  Outside of the ranges, the soil seemed poor to our untrained eyes, but the valleys and sides of the mountains appeared to be much better.  There is a third world that is technically habitable," the circle that appeared showed dark green landmasses, "its atmosphere is breathable, very oxygen rich.  But the land is simply choked with jungles and wildlife of sorts we've never seen.  To clear it would require far more effort than we're willing to expend at this stage, I'm certain.  And that is the third system."
The president had been making notes. She didn't look up from the page as she said, "The fourth?"
"Two habitable worlds," the screen showed a planet with dark blue water and thick, white clouds, "This one may have great mineral resources.  We found a range of mountains, bright red in the sunlight, that came to the shores of an ocean.  There were exposed veins of ore, visible to the eye.  The beaches nearby swarmed with a kind of crab with a silver shell …"
"Lemme guess," Hustis said, "Cancer."
Again, with a forced smile, Domosi said, "You are correct.  The other planet," a large landmass with pale green and yellow bands appeared, "could also be agriculturally beneficial.  Most of the primary continent is a sweeping plain.  There is a third planet, however.  It is almost entirely frozen."  When the captain moved to the next picture, the brightness of the white surface caused the viewers to briefly wince.  "Aquarius.  We discovered a single landmass, so I think it may be habitable at some point in the future with kobolforming."
Alexandra put her pen down and said, "Thank you very much, colonel."
Alcid stepped away from the screen, "I have additional information on all the planets in the systems located on that drive."
"I'm sorry to interrupt, Madam President," the Galleon's commander said, "but did you find any tylium?  Our supplies are nearly gone."
"Such is the case, I believe, across most of the fleet.  We were not explicitly looking for it, so no.  If it can be found on any of these planets, I would suggest looking on Cancer.  However, there are many moons and asteroid belts in all four systems where the ore may be found."
Gideon glanced at Ben and then the colonel, "What's the status of the tylium refueling ships we have?"
Domosi said, "They have some capacity for refining it, but they lack any raw ore."
Hustis shook his head, "And their tanks are running low, as it is.  Certainly not enough to refuel all of the ships."
Alcid ticked his head to the side and spoke almost under his breath, "I do not understand why we have been so ill prepared.  Tylium should have been a priority."
Alexandra glared at him and then softened.  "Stephen … President Acastus assembled this fleet in secret, very nearly.  As tylium was a rare commodity on Kobol near the end, it was difficult to gather and refine enough."
The colonel nodded.  "I see.  I understand and meant no offense, of course."
"Of course."
"Madam President," the commander began, "I recommend that all our vessels power down.  If we're almost out of tylium, relying on our engines to provide power to the camps will just drain our tanks that much faster."
She thought for a moment and then said, "No, commander.  Our people still require electricity.  But, colonel, let's add that to your next survey mission.  Finding tylium."
"Understood."  He turned a page in his notebook and wrote a line down.  "May I ask, Madam President, if we are to continue to use our tylium supply, what will your recommendations be for the people, with regard to these other worlds?  Without the fuel, they will not be able to leave."
She leaned back in the chair and said, "I intend to keep everyone together here on Pollux."  Cautiously, the major looked toward Domosi to gauge his reaction.
He cocked his head and said, "I did not conduct a thorough survey, but are all of the fleet's ships present here?"
Alexandra spoke haltingly as she gathered her words, "Most are.  Some have gone to other places on the planet and not this one site.  Some went to other worlds altogether."
"If I may," Domosi began, "I would suggest we follow their lead and allow the people to spread out to as many worlds as possible.  If some catastrophe were to befall one, the others would be spared."
Gideon said, "Prudent, perhaps, but overly cautious.  I believe the gods and President Acastus would have wanted us to stick together."  She and Hustis then stood, preparing to leave.
The colonel stepped in their path.  "Forgive me, but what happened while we were gone?"  His gaze danced from one to the other and when he landed on hers again, he said, "If it is your desire and, I presume, your order that we remain together, why are not all ships here in this field?  Why have you allowed some to go elsewhere on Gemini or to other planets?"
Alex looked down for a moment before she realized that would be a betraying gesture.  "It couldn't be avoided."
Ben tried to intervene, "I considered dispatching gunships after them, but I was hesitant to expend such resources."
Alcid's eyes narrowed and he smiled.  "Miss Gideon, with all due respect, I must renew my objections to your being president.  It is clear that you are not up to the task."
At that, her shoulders squared and she stood ramrod straight.  Hustis stepped forward and said, "I was there with Stephen Acastus and Lord Apollo before the exodus outside the City of the Gods.  I saw her interacting with them, repeatedly.  The president clearly designated Alexandra Gideon as his vice president …"
"To you?  Alone?" Domosi interrupted.
"Yes."
"No one else was present?"  As the major opened his mouth to reply, the colonel said, "Well, those were busy and trying days."
"As his vice president," Ben continued, "she takes over the office of the presidency in the event of his death.  So, by the laws of the Lords of Kobol, she is president."
"Thank you, major."  He lowered his head in deference and then raised it again, along with a long finger.  "I do so hate to highlight the obvious, but we are no longer on Kobol and gods are not with us."  
Alexandra stared at the older man.  She felt an anger that surprised her and she grabbed Hustis' arm, pulling him back.  "Colonel, we may no longer be in the presence of the gods, but the gods are with us."  Her voice was firm and unshaken.  "We will govern according to their design for as long as we are able."
Domosi spun on his feet and looked toward the commander, then the major and Gideon.  He put on his fake smile and bowed his head again, "Very well.  What are your orders, Madam President?"
She inhaled through her nose to calm herself.  "As you are the highest-ranking military officer remaining, I am naming you general over all the forces on this, the first colony of Kobol."
He blinked.  He took a single step back, wrapped his right arm over his chest until his hand was over his heart, and bowed more deeply than before.  "I am honored.  Thank you, Madam President."
"You will report directly to me or to the minister of defense," she pointed to her right, "Major Hustis."
The general glanced to the young man and saw his slight smile.  He raised his chin and weakly asked, "What are your orders?"
"The minister will update you on the crowd control and food gathering efforts we've undertaken while you were gone," she picked up her notebook.  "Please see to it that these continue."
"Yes."
She then walked past him toward the corridor, "And draw up your plans for a tylium survey."
After she and the minister of defense had left the command deck, Domosi said, "As you wish, Madam President."

The sun had set and the half-disk of their sister-world hung in the sky.  She sat on a chair in the grassy plain and watched as some small mammal leapt from place to place, its wide eyes visible between the stalks and illuminated by the light from Castor.  Alexandra went still and tried to see it better, but as the crowd noise increased, the animal vanished.  
"We're ready," Ben said.
"OK."  She stood up from behind the shuttle and then climbed a ladder.  Hustis offered his hand toward her and she took it.  When she rose to the top of the shuttle, she looked and beheld almost the entirety of the human race.  She gasped at seeing nearly three hundred thousand people before her and watching her.  Her eyes moved about in the low light of the stars and Castor, trying to take in the sight.  She saw a line of officers and soldiers to the right.  A large group of civilian pilots and workers who helped get the ships operational to her left.  In the north, kilometers away, she could spy the lights of many of their vessels, and she knew that the people who didn't come to this ceremony were still there.  This is everyone.  Everyone who remains.  She corrected herself once she remembered there were ships that went elsewhere on Pollux and even, perhaps, to the other worlds.  Still, she felt awed and she placed her hand on her chest as her breathing became shallow.
"Madam President," Ben said, "here you go.  The button on the side will need to be held down when you speak."
She nodded quickly and then sniffed.  "Alright."  Her hands trembled and she shuffled a book and a group of cards from one hand to the other, around the aluminum cylinder of the microphone.  Hustis held out his hand and offered to take something, so she gave him the cards.  Gideon nodded and opened the book of the Sacred Scrolls to the place where her thumb lay.  She raised the microphone to her mouth and then looked at the mass of people again.  She took a deep, wavering breath, exhaled through pursed lips, and then pressed the button.
"My friends," her voice boomed across the fields through the speakers at several parked shuttles and many people were startled by the volume.  A spotlight from another shuttle pointed at her, forcing her to squint.  "My fellow children of Kobol."  She paused and wondered where all her careful planning had gone.  She looked down at the book and realized she needed the cards, but she had given them to Ben.  "We … gather here on the surface of our new home, our new world … we gather here after a long and dark time.  A time of death and despair."  She closed her eyes and tried to remember all she had written.  "We have lost our friends and our families.  We have lost our homes.  The gods who have guided us for thousands of years," her throat tightened and she swallowed to clear it, "are not among us, ready to guide us again, hand in hand.  They are here, in spirit, and we shall honor that spirit and pray that they hear us and help us however they may."  
Many across the crowd softly said, "So say we all."
She began to remember the structure of her speech and then she was able to recall most of the key parts.  "On this world, we will make our new homes.  We will raise our families and become friends.  We will honor the gods and we will build for ourselves a society that honors what came before.  It will be a difficult task, but it is one we can accomplish.  I have faith in the Lords of Kobol and in all of you.  As we work to make our way, do it for yourselves, your families, and your neighbors.  Let us all remember that the Scrolls said, 'The gods shall lift those who lift themselves and lift each other.'"
Many more in the crowd nodded and answered, "So say we all."  Though most said it softly, because there were so many, it was nearly a blast of sound.
Gideon flashed a brief smile at that, then she recalled what was next.  She glanced over her shoulder into the darkness but didn't see it.  She whipped her head forward and raised the book closer to her body.  "We have come here tonight to honor those who could not join us in this promised land.  Many of them remain on Kobol and we pray that their suffering is at an end.  Some, however, came with us on our ships, but they were not able to feel the warmth of this new sun on their faces or to see the magnificence of another planet in the night sky."  She glanced at Castor, cleared her throat, and looked down toward the top of the shuttle.  She repositioned her feet as she struggled to continue.  "I will speak now of my friend, the former president, Stephen Acastus, and hope that my words may comfort those of you who have lost someone."  Her eyes stung and she lifted her chin, "To say he was only a mentor would be a slight.  A teacher.  A good example.  None of these words are enough, for me, to describe what he meant to me.  He was, in many ways, more of a father than my own.  He cared for me and … and worked to keep me safe, to keep us all safe, from the horrible events that unfolded."  Briefly, she was distracted by a feeling of frustration, a hint of anger, toward him for keeping so much a secret, but she continued, "It is because of him that we have survived the destruction of Kobol.  It's because of him that we are still alive and here today."  She felt a tear on her cheek and she sniffed.  "I take comfort in his memory.  I take comfort in it, because I can see the hands of the gods in that memory, and not just because I saw the president working closely with Lord Apollo.  I see evidence of the gods in Stephen because he was dying.  Before everything that happened, he was sick, and I remembered another passage from the Scrolls.  'The Lords anointed a leader to guide the caravan of the heavens to their new homeland, and the Lords did this, knowing that this leader was afflicted with a wasting disease and would not live to enter this new land.'"  Another tear fell over her cheek and she took a deep breath.  "And so, he died on the Galleon just days after we left.  Like many others.  They would not live to enter this new land, but let us take solace in their memory and let us pray that the Lords of Kobol will guide us now that we have arrived."
"So say we all."
She turned away from the crowd and looked south toward the darkness.  Ben leaned toward her and whispered, "Is that all?"
She nodded.  "Yes."
He looked toward the ground and said, "OK.  Go ahead."
A few moments later, springs of light awakened in the darkness as torches were lit and officers marched slowly toward the waiting pyre.  There, eight hundred fifty-nine bodies lie, wrapped in canvas, plastic, and more.  The dead of the voyage from Kobol.  Most of them, like Acastus, died from radiation sickness and had somehow made it aboard the many ships before they launched.  A portion died from injuries sustained in the Cylon attacks.  A few others, it was said, died of grief.
Fire crept onto the corners of the pyre before reaching the liquid accelerant.  It all became engulfed shortly after.  The yellow and orange flames leapt into the sky with billowing plumes of smoke and sparks.  As the noise roared and crackled, many of the people began to pray out loud and some began to hum or sing.  Eventually, "The Hymn of Persephone" caught on and a large number of them sang loudly.
"Go thee, Persephone.  Why do you go from me?  Have the Lords come for you, or have I driven you away?  Tell me Hades has beckoned and that otherwise you'd stay."
She began to cry and her face twisted in grief as waves of heat from the pyre washed over them.  Hustis leaned closer and put his arm around her.  She reached for his hand and held it tightly.
V
DRACO
4 Days After Colonization

The group of eight sat on the steps of an entryway to one of the escape craft from Kobol.  Some of the vessels bore fanciful names, after animals and personalities from old stories and myths.  Theirs was just AN-102.  "Perhaps they ran out of their heathen gods to honor," one of their people had said.
His public name was "Dorian."  His real name, the name passed down through the ages, was Cerdo.  With his family, they watched throngs of hundreds ebb toward the side of the Kobollian Gunship Alala.  They spoke together in the ancient tongue of Kaladen, scribe of the faith.
"Feeding time again."
Cerdo looked at his brother.  "We cannot stay."
Navdar nodded.  "I know."
"What are we to do?"
Cerdo's oldest son looked up at him and said, "There was a lot of land to the west, near the mountains.  I'm sure we could live there."
"Certainly.  In the open?  Where they," he jutted his chin toward the crowd, "could find us so easily?"
There was shouting and then a brief scuffle ensued between two men over a pouch of food.
"Animals," Navdar mumbled.
"Husband," Oarin said, "wherever we go, we should not go alone.  It would not be wise."
Cerdo smiled and lifted her hand.  He knew the old ways of the Draco.  How, in the dark days, men would raise sons from heathen mothers and then flee with the boys in the night.  He could not do that to his beloved nor to his own children.  He was glad that that militant line of the faith had died out.  "If just you and I were to depart, I would be sated."
"But I want to come, too, father," his youngest daughter whined.
"Quiet," his wife said, "your father is being romantic."
Cerdo kissed her knuckles.  "There needs to be more than just ourselves."  He scanned the people that walked by the vessel on the way to the nearby gunship.  "There are more Draco here than I would have imagined."
Navdar smiled, "I have seen quite a few."
"Do you know them?  By name?"
"Some."
Cerdo nodded and looked into the crowd again.  "Introduce yourself.  Tell them there will be a meeting tonight.  Here."
Navdar's wife, Tilla, gripped his knee and firmly said, "Be discreet."
He grinned and leapt off the steps.  "Always."  A moment later, the average-sized man disappeared among the exiles.
"Your concern is valid, sister," Cerdo said.  "He is my brother and I love him, but his mind is not as fleet as his mouth."
Hours later in the evening, more than twenty people gathered by the second entry to AN-102.  Cerdo and his family were joined by four other groups.  Seeing such a number made his chest swell and he looked toward his younger brother.  Navdar was smiling and suddenly he grew suspicious.  
He had said nothing at this point.  He stood, looked across their faces, and then spoke in the tongue of the faith, "If you understand me, place your arm across your chest."
All of the visitors, save for a few young children, complied.  Cerdo nodded and he relaxed.
"Welcome.  I believe that we should not remain with the heathen for longer than we must."  Several heads began to nod.  "Does anyone disagree?"
Slowly, a few hands raised.  One older man said, "I would leave but I cannot farm.  I cannot hunt.  I am sure most of us could say the same.  How would the faith survive if we die from our own ignorance?"
"You are not wrong, but some of us know the skills we will need."
"I am ready to go," a young man said, "but we will need supplies for the journey.  How will we get enough when the heathen military only provides a meal's worth at a time?"
Cerdo nodded.  "That question is one of several reasons why we haven't departed already.  I do not have an answer."
Navdar touched his brother's arm.  "I recommend another gathering.  Called by whispers."
Cerdo's eyebrows shot up.  "Whispers?  Dangerous."
"Not if done well," someone in the crowd said.  "I am willing to help."
"And I."
After a moment, he said, "Go.  Whisper."  Cerdo sighed loudly.  "We will meet again tomorrow night at sunset."  He looked around and noted the many polytheistic faces just beyond their circle.  "Under the engines of this ship.  This place is too crowded."  The group nodded.  "In the meantime, conserve your food and water and make ready your bundles for a hike.  We may leave on short notice."  The believers nodded again.  "Let us pray."
Knowing what prayer would be said, Cerdo only managed to say the first two syllables before the rest joined in, "O Prometheus, holy messenger of the Great One, guide our lives according to Its will, support us and bless us as we seek to do your holy work.  Forgive our offenses and provide us with defenses against those who would deny yours and the One's power.  These things we ask most humbly, amen."

The following night, as the sun descended in the west and the face of this world's twin planet began to rise in the east, seventy people clustered in the shadow of the large engines of AN-102.
With the sun now gone, Cerdo stood and surveyed those in attendance.  Many were simply men and women with no children.  He thought that they must have left their loved ones behind, suspicious of this gathering.  Wise.
When he opened his mouth to speak, he looked to his left and saw a Kobollian military officer approach.  He had his hands clasped behind his back and he carefully scanned every person within sight.  Most people lowered their heads or looked away.  Finally, his eyes landed on Cerdo who clenched his fist, imagining the throat of his brother beneath his fingers.
"What's going on here?"
"Just a prayer group, lieutenant."  Cerdo smiled and added, "You're welcome to join us."
The officer nodded and again looked at the crowd.  Finally, he said, "Kaladen sent me," in the ancient tongue.
The leader's eyes widened and he looked down at Navdar, who seemed just as surprised.
"Speaking an invitation, in a foreign tongue, in a crowd.  Gathering called by whispers," the officer said.  "Risky."
Cerdo also spoke the old language.  "But apparently effective."
"Indeed."  The lieutenant smiled and extended his hand.  "Lieutenant Peres, if anyone asks.  My true family calls me Chev."
"Cerdo."  He shook his hand and said, "And these are some of your siblings who have escaped the fires of the heathen gods and their servants."
Chev smiled.  "What are you planning?  I imagine it's an escape of some sort."
"It is."  Navdar stood and continued, "We want to be on our own where we can live and sustain ourselves."
"Without relying on the begrudging charity of the heathens," the lieutenant interjected, "yes.  I understand."
"Are you familiar with this new world?" Cerdo asked.
"I've seen the maps.  I can get you one."
"Thank you."
"But I will tell you the most promising option right now lies to the west, in the foothills of the mountains."  Cerdo looked toward his older son who had suggested that just yesterday.  "There is a large plateau above good farmland but that is in the open.  You will want to move north of the plateau, toward the mountains beyond.  That would not be so open and there is land there, too."
"Excellent."
"But what about supplies?" Navdar asked.  Cerdo raised a finger to ward him off.  The leader didn't want to trample on this man's good will so soon.
Chev ticked his head to one side.  "It would take some time for you to get there and then more time still for you to grow food.  Hunting and fishing will be your primary sustenance for a long while.  Still," he looked to the west and the dozens of ships that lined the field toward the mountains, "do you know where the Adrestia is?"
A woman nearby said, "The gunship near the tree line."  She pointed to the northwest.  "That way."
"Excellent.  That is my post."  He looked at Cerdo and said, "I will begin setting aside a portion of rations for," he shrugged, "invalids.  Medical cases.  Give me two full days.  Gather more faithful.  Then, in the middle of the night on the third, three evenings from now, come to the Adrestia and ask for me, Lieutenant Peres."
"Very well."
"Bring empty satchels and strong backs.  Full canteens of water."  Chev studied the group's faces.  "Good shoes.  You will march from the gunship into the woods.  The forest will shield your passage into the west.  In time, you will be at the base of the plateau and ready to enter the foothills of the mountains.  That's when you will move north toward our new homeland."
"Thank you."  Cerdo shook his hand.  "May the Great One uplift us all."

One hundred twenty-six people left their ships and encampments for the Adrestia as they planned.  The children were quieted and the bulk of the group remained hidden in shadows.  Cerdo, Navdar, and others found Chev and he led them to the pallet of supplies.  Within minutes, thousands of meals were secreted away and the Draco parted the company of the polytheists again.
"Will you join us?"
"In time, perhaps."  Chev smiled.  "Go with The One."
The soldiers had been dismissed and the trees were unwatched in the middle of the night.  The ancient monotheists stepped into the forest with Cerdo standing guard and keeping an eye on the heathen exiles from Kobol.  When the last few entered, he smiled, looked across the great ships one more time, and turned to join his people.
VI
GIDEON
12 Days After Colonization

"The Lords of Kobol were generous yet duplicitous.  Mentoring and guiding while withholding.  Most were fair to the eye and senses so as to disarm us and keep our suspicions at bay.  This seems likely in retrospect, for we did not know at the time that the Lords themselves were knowledgeable and complicit in the Blaze that consumed the world."
Alexandra sat up and stared at the words.  She huffed and pulled the scrap sheet of paper off her desk, balling it up, and throwing it into the bin.  Bullshit.  Some of what she had written was true.  The rest, My own anger, seeping in.  I don't think they really knew.  She remembered her relief at seeing Apollo near the Tomb of Athena, the kindness he showed her over the years.  And Stephen … She shook her head.  No, the president and the gods weren't duplicitous.  They knew about her people and kept it a secret, But it must've been for a good reason.  Then they suspected the end was coming, And yet they said nothing.  She stood and left her blank pages and entered the corridor.
The Galleon was largely empty and shafts of light from the sun outside beamed into the hall from a few portholes that had been opened.  A gust of air from the world swept through the decks and she paused, taking it in.  
"Madam President," Hustis said.  "I was looking for you."
"Morning, Ben."
"Morning."  He stood in front of her and watched her subtle movements.  "Are you OK?"
"It feels like it's been a long day already."
"I know what you mean."  He handed her a slip of paper.  "The latest food predictions."
She groaned while her eyes danced over numbers that were far lower than yesterday's.  "When will the decline slow?"
"I'm not sure."
"Fishing?"
"We have almost ten thousand people along the coast.  We have a lot of ships flying to and from, … did Domosi find any tylium?"
"Not yet."
"Well, fuel is still a growing problem.  Back to food, though, they're bringing in tons of fish every day and flying it here."  He shrugged.  "It's still not enough."
"Send more people to help out."
"I'm afraid," he sighed, "that may not be enough."
"Why?"
"It's the people themselves.  Most of them aren't physically fit for work.  Most have no idea of what needs to be done, or how to fish, or … anything."
She looked away and thought. "Stagnation."
"Hm?"
"Stephen spoke out against the stagnation of the people for years before the end.  So many just sat at home all day, living their lives on the Stream.  They didn't bother learning a trade or even taking up a hobby.  Lord Zeus tried to help with his Stream temple services," she shook her head, "and I never understood why Stephen was upset about that."
"I've seen the census results.  It's still ongoing, but under 'profession,' most list 'none.'  I'd estimate we are made up of about … eighty percent of these 'stagnant' folk."
"Find people with the knowledge we need and put them in charge of teaching skills.  Conscript as many people as you need, stagnant or not."  He nodded and she continued, "Any more luck with the wild fruit trees you found?"
"We're able to create orchards, but that's years away from being anything we can use."
She started to walk toward a column of light that crossed the corridor.  She stood in the darkness, just beyond the bright lines, and watched specks of dust drift in the air.  "I need help, Ben."
"I know."
She rested her head on the bulkhead and asked, "Can anyone predict when everything will level off?  When we'll have enough supplies for the demand?"
"Last figure I heard was another four weeks."  She closed her eyes and the minister continued, "We have gathering parties moving across the plains and in the forest.  They're finding nuts, small game, fruit.  A kind of gazelle in the forest.  Their fur is a greenish brown so they blend in with the trees very well."  He thought she might be amused by that fact, but she didn't react at all.  "The fishing continues to grow on the coast and at the lake to the north.  The algae …"
"Four weeks," Alex interrupted.  "Even that sounds too good to be true.  Dare we hope for a surplus?"
"Not for a while.  Our test farms are up and running but there won't be any kind of harvest for another four or five months."  He cleared his throat and moved to the opposite side of the hall, hoping to divert her gaze from the daylight.  "I did want to broach another topic, Madam President.  Keeping the people busy."
Gideon looked toward him.  "Finding food isn't enough?"
"To be fair, we have about a quarter of our people on those tasks.  The rest," he shrugged, "are just trying to keep themselves from going crazy.  Trying to occupy their time without the Stream."
"What do you recommend?"
"Start building homes."
"Here?"
"Sure.  And down south, by the ocean.  If we start cutting down trees and building homes, that will take a lot of people."
She nodded.  "And school for the kids."
"Yes."
"Even though most of us aren't fit?  'Stagnant' people?"
"Again, we can teach them."
"Let's get that going, too."
"Absolutely."
"Any success at getting the ships that split off back here with the rest of the fleet?"
"No.  They flat refused."
"What about the ones that went to the other worlds?  Any signs?"  He shook his head.  "Any more word of deserters?"
"None."
She went quiet.  "Still about a thousand, total?"
"Yes.  They seem to have sneaked off in the night when guard duties are at their lightest."
"Maybe we should double up at night."
Hustis twisted his neck.  "No, Madam President.  I don't think that would work."
Surprised by his bluntness, she raised her eyebrows.  "Why?"
"Morale is at a new low every day.  I'm surprised we still have the personnel that we do.  And the militia the general has conscripted is plagued with problems, too."
"And what does Domosi say about the deserters?"
"The usual.  That we should let them go."
Her hands brushed a cool metal beam along the bulkhead.  "Draw up plans to dismantle the Galleon."
He raised his eyebrows.  "Really?"
"Yes."  Her voice became soft, "If people see that the flagship of the fleet is being taken apart and a government building is made from its pieces, maybe they'll finally understand that we're here to stay."
Ben nodded.  "Understood, Madam President.  Maybe we should save some of it, though.  For posterity's sake.  Or a museum."
"I'll think about it.  Order Domosi to maintain watch.  No one is to leave this site unless they've been directed to for food purposes, lumber, construction, … whatever."
"Yes, Madam President."
"He knows my wishes."  She made a fist and punched the metal wall behind herself.  "And he continues to fight me at every turn."
"It's his way.  Apparently."
Alexandra faced the shaft of light again.  She jutted her hand toward it and when her fingertips touched it, she felt the sudden warmth.  "What you said last week about Stephen and making me vice president, …"  Her eyes darted toward him.  "Was that true?"  His gaze faltered and her stomach dropped.  "It wasn't, was it?"
"It was true enough."  He looked up and down the corridor before he continued, "After you left the meadow, I spoke to the president about the Galleon and other matters of state.  He was upset that you were gone.  He didn't say why," she looked away, "but he said, 'If she comes back, I want her to take over for me.'"  He shrugged and said, "That's it."
"He didn't clearly say, 'She's my vice president.'"
"No."  He watched her turn away from the sunlight and stare at the grated deck.  "I'm sorry, but it was clear to me that this was his intention.  Even if he didn't make it plain."
"I understand.  You're probably right."
He studied her face.  "But you're disappointed in me."
She nodded.  "A little.  Don't take it the wrong way."  With effort, she lifted herself off the bulkhead and walked down the corridor away from the shaft of light.  "I find myself feeling disappointed in everyone these days.  Especially me."
VII
DOMOSI
25 Days After Colonization

He could hear the crowd before he saw it.  His entourage moved ahead of him and they turned a corner by the Cratos, which had been serving as a food and supplies distribution center.
Nearly one thousand people were gathered in the hundred-meter-wide lane between rows of transports.  A man was standing on a crate at the northern end near Domosi and the others, addressing the crowd through a megaphone.  His back was to them, but the general had no difficulty in hearing his complaints.
"They brought us halfway 'cross the galaxy!  With no plan!"  There was some applause from the audience.  "And not enough supplies!"  Now the hundreds roared.  
"Declan Reed," Captain Adria said.  "He was a local politician in Sparta."  Alcid nodded and listened further to the rabblerousing.
"How long can they keep us stuck here?  How long do they think we'll let them starve us?  How long before we rise up and go where we want to go?  How long before you and me take control of the situation?!"
Adria looked over her shoulder at Domosi.  The general nodded and said, "Let's go."
The group pushed into the crowd and, seeing the uniforms, most people stepped away.  Alcid kept his hand on his captain's shoulder and she barked and shoved her way through.  The man on the makeshift dais saw the commotion and spoke to the crowd.  "Here they come.  The military!  Coming to shut us down!"
"Captain," Domosi pointed down.  She knelt and cupped her hands.  He placed his foot there and she lifted him atop the crate easily.  The balding man scanned the officer from head to toe.  Wearing his well-tailored and appointed general's uniform, Alcid kept his usual false smile and gave a brief nod.  "Good morning."
Reed raised the microphone part of the megaphone and said, "You're here to shut me up, right?!"
As many in the crowd jeered, the general scanned the periphery and noticed the tactical teams in place along the perimeter.  He smiled and held his hand out for the device.  While Declan held the speaker, Domosi took the microphone and brought it to his mouth.  "On the contrary, sir.  The rights we all enjoyed on Kobol will be maintained here."
Immediately, Reed shook his head.  While they cheered him on, he said, "What about the right to food?!  The right to home?!  The right to life?!"
Domosi took the mic again.  "The president and her staff are working feverishly to solve these problems."  There were boos, but he ignored them.  "If we are quiet, we can hear the distant sounds of saws and the felling of trees in the forest.  That is the sound of homes being built.  Schools.  Hospitals."
With a jerk, Declan took the device back.  "Food!  They've cut back allotments to twice a day!  Portions have been reduced!"  The general looked into the crowd and saw the angry faces, yelling and cheering the man on.  "The president's cabinet isn't going to feed us tonight!  Or tomorrow!"
"You are quite right," Reed handed the microphone back to Domosi and he repeated, "You are quite right.  However, I will point out that the fishing operations to the south are still accepting applicants, should you wish to aid them."  
Declan yelled, "That's not enough!" and it was heard through the megaphone though the general had been holding the device.  
Alcid's placid expression began to fade.  "There is more being done for food than fishing, yet you know this.  So I must ask, what is your point?"
Reed took the microphone, "We are being denied our freedom of movement!"  Applause erupted in the crowd, more polite than the jeering.  "We've seen the pictures!  We've heard the stories!  There are nine other planets out there!  Any of them might provide a better chance for food or homes!  We should be able to live on any of them we choose!"
Here, Domosi felt the need to fortify his smiling façade.  "By order of the president, we, the survivors of Kobol, are to make our homes here, together, so that we may draw strength from our numbers."
The crowd booed again and Declan shook his head.  "Those numbers are killing us!  Too many people and not enough supplies!"  The people cheered and he kept going, newly energized, "We have two hundred ships!  There are half a million of us!"  Cheers now.  "We can start boarding these ships and we can go," he pointed to the sky, "wherever we want!"
Reed kept his hand on the microphone, but he tilted it so the general could respond without touching it.  "You could.  But the president has ordered me to ensure that no ship leaves the surface of this world without permission."
The man scoffed.  "What does that mean?  Are you going to start shooting down, unarmed, civilian ships?
Domosi nodded.  "Yes.  I will."
The crowd roared with derision.  Declan shook his head and said for Alcid's benefit and not the megaphone's, "No way.  No way."
"I will."
"You cannot stop all of us!  We can pile into our ships now and take off!"
The general looked down to Adria and said, "Comms."  A lieutenant stepped forward with a large handheld device and lifted it toward Domosi.  He turned and faced the crowd.  He keyed the microphone on it and angled it so it would be heard through the megaphone.  "Moros.  This is Domosi.  Come in."
A couple of seconds later, the speaker responded.  "Moros here, general.  Standing by."
"The Moros, Nike, and Callisto are to lift off and begin patrols of the landing site."
"Yes sir."
"Any vessel that takes off without permission is to be shot down."  There were gasps.  "Is that understood?"
"Unauthorized vessels are to be shot down.  Yes, sir.  Understood."
"Domosi out."  He pressed a button and dropped the device back to the lieutenant.  He faced Declan again and nodded.  "I told you, I will."
Reed shook his head.  "What the frak?"
Behind him, Alcid heard distant engines.  He raised a finger toward the air and tilted his head.  "That's the Moros now."  A moment later, an arrowhead-shaped gray ship swept over the sky and the people looked toward it, fearfully.  "The patrols will continue until they're ordered to stop."
"You can't shoot us all down."  Declan's voice was soft and hollow.  "We could still get in our ships and take off.  You'd all burn in the Phlegethon for it, but most of us could leave."
Domosi's smile widened and his opponent was unnerved.  "I imagine you're right."  He let the pause linger as another gunship to the east lifted off.  Once the shadow of the Callisto moved overhead, the general said, "But let's not leave such things to our imaginations, shall we?"  He looked down.  "Captain, how many tylium supply ships are still under our control?"
"All four, general."
"Excellent.  Order them to begin draining the tylium from the tanks and lines of all non-military, non-government ships.  Except for those involved in the various resource and transport operations, of course."
"Yes, general."  She turned to the lieutenant and took the communications device from him.  
As she spoke quietly, Reed's shoulders sagged and he seemed defeated.  Alcid clasped his hands behind his back and said, "You see?  Nothing to fear.  Once the tylium has been reclaimed, we can stop these patrols."  He pointed to the Nike as it passed overhead.
Some in the crowd became sullen and started to meander away.  A larger number became loud and surged toward the crate.  They yelled and raised their fists.  As Declan turned and looked for a way off his stage, the general roughly pulled the megaphone from his hand and raised it again. 
"Thank you for your cooperation.  And, should you like to register a complaint, I recommend that you make your voices heard by addressing the president herself.  She still resides in what's left of the Galleon.  Thank you."  Smiling, he jumped off the crate and walked through the noisy crowd as his entourage pushed their way through again.

"What do you think about this picture?"
Domosi looked over her shoulder at the screen.  "That's good.  Attractive."
Adria began to type text across the golden plains of the world they had called Aries.  "Are we sure we should use these photos?" the captain asked.
"They are publicly available," the general said.  "Perhaps you should decrease the resolution a bit to make it look less professional."
"I will."
Alcid turned and picked up the sheets of paper they had already printed.  The beaches of Scorpio, the mountains of Sagittarius, the islands of Pisces, the blue and green forests of Virgo.  All of them had slogans emblazoned over them.  "LET US GO!"  "SET US FREE!"  "OUR NEW HOMES!"
He stood from the chair and looked over her shoulder again.  "Once you've finished, print out a few hundred of each and spread them around."
"Yes, sir."
VIII
DRACO
51 Days After Colonization

Cerdo pulled back a layer of soil with his makeshift hoe.  The ground beneath was dark and damp.  He smiled, knowing he could use this part of the land for crops, too.
The members of the long-forgotten sect had arrived in this spot about a week ago.  Their logs formed makeshift homes against the spurs of the mountains.  A stream brought cool, fresh water down from the snowcapped peaks.  The massive plateau to the south loomed overhead and brought shade in the earliest morning and the latest evening.  Clay from near the streambed had been fashioned into bricks with grass and now dried in the sunlight.  Soon, they would be used to build ovens, kilns, homes, and more.  The green fields reached far and he knew they could last here for some time.  
"Brother," Navdar called.  He wouldn't yell again.  He only stood and waved some hundred meters away.
Cerdo sighed and dropped the handle of his tool.  He went back to the grass and walked slowly through it toward him.  When he saw another person next to Navdar, someone he didn't recognize, he stopped.  He glanced back at the simple homes they had constructed for their families and then continued to walk toward Navdar.  With purpose.
"Hello," the woman said.
Cerdo looked at his brother and then at the woman.  He nodded once and said, "Hello."
Smiling, she said, "We thought we'd lost you."
He again glanced at Navdar who seemed as confused as he felt.  "'Lost us?'"
"Yeah."  She was out of breath after trudging up the small hill from the base of the great plateau.  "You left," pant, "weeks ago.  We heard you were going and we wanted to go, too."
"And how did you hear we were leaving?"
"There was talk.  Mostly among the believers."  Deep breath.  "Like myself."
Navdar raised his head and studied the newcomer.  He licked his lips to speak, but Cerdo did first, in the secret language of his people, "You speak the tongue of Kaladen?"
She blinked quickly and looked at the brother before looking back at Cerdo.  "I'm sorry.  What?"
He had his answer.  He nodded once and asked, "And what do you believe?"
For the first time, she appeared nervous.  "We believe in The One True God."  When the brothers nodded, she felt encouraged, and continued, "My family and I believe that Mithras was his holy messenger, but I know not everyone knows about him."
Cerdo had heard of this Mithras but knew little about him.  He did know, however, that he seemed to have inspired many people to join the monotheist faith in recent years.  "I see."  He heard someone yell behind him, away at their site.  Navdar leaned away and waved.  "And you keep saying 'we.'"  He looked toward the trees around the plateau's base.  "I see only yourself."
She smiled.  "The rest of us saw how quickly you were moving so they sent a few people ahead as scouts to try and catch up."
"'The rest,'" Navdar said.  "How many?"
"A few hundred."  Cerdo's eyes widened.  She chuckled, "We didn't take a survey before we left."  The brothers stepped back and she said, "I hope we wouldn't be intruding."  She looked along the mountain line and fields along the stream.  "There seems to be a lot of space, though."
Cerdo raised his hand.  "Just give us a minute."
"Sure."
He and Navdar turned their backs to her and spoke in the ancient Draco language.  "How did they know we were leaving?"
The younger brother shrugged.  "Someone in our group must have been talking about it in the common tongue.  And another monotheist overheard."  Cerdo sighed.  "That's the only thing I can think of."  The older brother bit his lip and Navdar knew his next question, "I would not have spread news of our departure to those outside our group.  I would not have spoken of it in the common tongue.  Believe me, brother."
Cerdo nodded.  "I do.  Now, what do we do about these 'few hundred' believers headed our way?"
"They are not Draco, but they believe in The One, True God."  Navdar nodded and said, "We should welcome them."
"Why?"
Navdar's eyes brightened and he became animated.  "Because, for the first time in almost six thousand years, there can be a nation of believers!"
"Not pure believers.  Not all Draco."
"Not now."  He put a hand on Cerdo's shoulder.  "But in time.  We will be near people we can bring closer to our ways.  By abandoning the false gods of Olympus, they're already halfway there."
The logic of numbers.  Cerdo recognized it and his brother certainly believed it.  He nodded and said, "But we will need to remain hidden for a time."
Eager, he smiled and said, "I understand."
The brothers turned and walked a few steps toward the stranger.  Cerdo spoke first and said, "We would be happy to welcome you and your people to this land."
She sighed and closed her eyes.  "Thank God."  She extended her hand and said, "I'm Melissa Rentis."
Cerdo shook it and said, "I'm Dorian Oliver.  This is my brother, Tomas."
IX
GIDEON
72 Days After Colonization

"The Lords of Kobol heard our prayers," the priestess said.  "They gave us many worlds to explore and call our homes.  They gave us maps to find them and the vessels to reach them."  Wearing her simple metal crown, Cirillo finally lowered her hands, which had been reaching toward the ceiling for the duration of her speech.  "When Lord Zeus Olympios spoke to us as we departed, he did not restrict us from these other worlds.  When Lord Apollo Aegletes gave to us our path, he did not say we should set upon one planet and leave the remainder untouched."  She finally faced Alexandra and said, "These are gifts from the gods themselves.  To deny them to our people is blasphemy.  This is what I have heard from our followers and what I have said to any who deign to listen."
When she sat, Gideon breathed slowly to steady her reaction.  She nodded and faced the architect of these growing protests.  She pushed past the disgust at seeing his smug expression and said, "Declan Reed?"
He stood and raised a folded poster.  "I intended on leaving the religious part of the argument to Priestess Cirillo, but I wanted to bring a sign."  He unfolded the poster, which read, "GIDEON IS NOT A GOD."  He laid it on the table after showing the room and said, "One of my people was carrying it yesterday and I asked if I might have it so I could show you.  I asked her why she wrote that particular message on her sign and she said, 'She's acting like one of the Lords.  She's made a decision for all of us with no holy mandate and without an election.'"  He pushed the sign across the table toward the president.  "In case you need a reminder."  He clasped his hands in front of himself and continued, "I will not belabor the points that my colleagues have shared, but I will echo something that you yourself have said.  You said that you intend to maintain the systems that the gods instituted with us on Kobol.  Government.  Democracy.  Freedom."  Alexandra maintained a stoic visage and Declan almost smirked at her restraint.  "Among the freedoms we enjoyed on Kobol was the freedom of movement.  Through your actions, your orders, you are denying us that freedom now."
Hustis rolled his eyes and looked at Gideon.  She fumed and her nostrils flared, and after a few seconds, she stood and said, "Thank you for coming, everyone, and thank you for your comments."
Several of the protest leaders stood, but Reed looked across the table toward the president and cabinet.  "That's all?  You're not going to make a decision?"
"This was a listening session, Mr. Reed," Ben said.  "We've listened."
He shook his head and grumbled.  "You've frakked yourselves here.  You've just steeled our resolve to continue and to make those crowds grow and grow even more than they already are!"  He whipped around and stalked out of the room with the rest of the protest leaders right behind him.
In the silence that followed, Alexandra knocked the sign off the table and stared at Hustis.  "Was this a mistake?"
"Not entirely.  At least we got to hear what their arguments were, right from their own mouths."
"And more than a few of them seem to have no idea what they're really protesting," another minister said.
"Reed does," Gideon said.  "He's a shrewd one."
"But we can take some solace in the stagnation of our people," Ben said.  "Most of them are complacent.  They're not swayed by Reed."
"Not yet," Alexandra said.  "Their crowds are growing.  Slowly."
"Madam President," a minister began, "should we conduct a ballot initiative?  Should we ask the people if they wish to stay or go?"
She frowned and said, "Questions like that should only be asked if we're going to like the answer.  Do you think we would win if the question were put to the people?"  The older woman lowered her head and the president nodded.  "Exactly.  This is about more than the will of the people.  This is about our survival."

"Set us free!  Set us free!"
The chanting echoed between the ships and rose high into the air.  The protests had swelled to more than ten thousand people who gathered in the grass lanes between the vessels, many with signs, and marched near the remnants of the Galleon, with soldiers keeping them away.  
The leadership of the colony, such as it was, was standing at the frame of the new government building.  Wooden beams from the great trees of the nearby forest formed the structure which grew in the shadow of the nearly skeletal ship.  Metal plates were being reformed by hammers into floors and walls.  Conduits were being repurposed and concealed within the frame.  The work had paused for a moment as a stone block was lowered into place by the entrance of the building.  The cabinet stood on the steps and watched as the president tugged on a corner of a dark cloth, whipping it away from the front of the stone.
The cabinet and the assembled officers politely applauded but the sound was largely drowned out by the protest.  Gideon looked down at the stone and the carving there.  The Kobollian eagle was placed above a simple bit of text that she had written.  "The Stephen Acastus Government Building, constructed in the early days of our settling this first colony of Kobol and from the remains of the Galleon, the ship that led our people to our new home.  Dedicated in the names of the Lords of Kobol and in the memory of the many we left behind."
She forced herself to smile and she looked at the small group of people on the steps.  Her eyes drifted away toward the protests, away toward the thousands.  Then there was a noise.
It was the sound of engines and, at first, she believed it was another supply ship launching for the fishing communities in the south.  Within seconds, though, she realized it wasn't a typical food transport.  These engines were far larger.
The chants of the distant protesters became cheers and the engines grew louder and louder.  The government officials looked around the skeleton of the Galleon, hoping to see what was happening.  Soon, a bulbous, green-hulled transport rose into view, and angled upward before streaking toward the sky, its engines thundering and popping as it did.
"Ben!"  Gideon looked around frantically.  "Ben!"
"Yeah!"  He ran to her side and stared at the ascending vessel.  
"Domosi's orders."  He looked at her and she brought her gaze toward his, "Call the gunships and tell them to stand down.  Let it go."
"On it." He ran into the crowd, moving from soldier to soldier.  Finally, he left the government building and ran toward the thick line of militia blocking the people from their leaders.  Alex's eyes rapidly went from the ship and back down to Hustis, hoping to see him with a wireless device in his hands.  The next sound, however, caused her to quake.
Two gunships opened fire from their positions on the ground.  The sky was raked with bursts of tracer fire, whipping along the sides and prow of the still-rising vessel.  Thousands of people cried out and their jeering was greater than that of their protests.  The bursts were quick and obvious warnings, but the president broke out into a run after her minister of defense.  "No!"  She pushed through several people and sprinted toward the line of soldiers when the cannon fired again.  This time, the shells had a target.
The aft compartments of the transport were blasted open and debris sprayed out in a shower.  The people united their voices into an anguished cry and the ship's ascension slowed.  It fell toward the north and the cowlings of its engines ruptured.  A fiery gray cloud engulfed the craft and the warm shockwave blew against all their faces, sending their hair and the tall grass of the plains back.  The dying vessel emitted a metallic groan and the thousands of voices went silent as it fell the long way back to the surface.  It dipped into the great trees of the forest, mingling the cracking of branches with its knell before it finally struck the ground and exploded.
The soil beneath her shook and Gideon realized she felt it so clearly because she was kneeling on it with her hands clutching it.  Her eyes were closed tight and the echo of the explosions faded and blended into the renewed shouting of the protests.  People scrambled away from the government building, the militia thrashed against the people who clashed into them, and Ben lifted her limp form from the ground, carrying her away and into the Galleon.

The next afternoon, Alexandra stood, alone, in one of the remaining intact corridors on the Galleon.  Through a small window, she looked out at the crowd.  At first, she had thought, How did they get up there?, when she saw hundreds of protesters on top of three nearby vessels.  But as she stood still and was quiet, listening past the banging and tools of the workers who disassembled the giant ship, she could hear many voices through even the thick hull.  
"LET US GO!"
"RESIGN NOW!"
"SET US FREE!"
"REMEMBER THE FIFTY-SEVEN!"
What had barely been ten thousand protesters the day before was now well over fifty thousand.  There were people everywhere she looked.
"Madam President," Hustis said, startling her.  "We're ready."
In the conference room, the cabinet and military leaders were seated and the mood was dour, to say the least.  She sat at her usual place and the room went silent.  Everyone stared at her, waiting, and she said nothing.  Finally, she realized this and she inhaled sharply through her nose.  "Please.  Ben.  General.  Go ahead."
Hustis looked at Domosi and the general stood from his seat.  "KB-Fifty-Seven."  He held up a schematic drawing of the vessel.  "Based on the old Olene-class ore transports, when this was constructed, the designs were converted to personnel transports, naturally.  It could hold up to five hundred-fifty passengers," Gideon held her breath, "with an additional one hundred in crew."
"Are we certain of those numbers?" another minister asked.
"Those are the stats," Alcid said.  "A census of the people and interviews with families and witnesses leads us to believe that more people were aboard than she was designed to hold."  The president's eyes closed.  "We estimate some nine hundred, in total.  The fire is finally out and the wreckage is being searched now, so I hope to have more specific figures soon, Madam President."
Without opening her eyes, Alexandra asked, "How?"
The general shifted papers on the table and then sat.  "The old Olene-class ships had a third emergency reserve fuel tank.  It is, therefore, possible that these transports do, too.  If that is the case, then I take full responsibility, Madam President.  The reserve tanks should have been drained, as well."
She glared at him.  Full responsibility.  "I understand that your orders to … shoot down escaping ships was an extension of my own orders, general, but …"
"If you would like it, Madam President," Domosi interrupted, "I will offer you my resignation."
She was stunned.  Hustis looked at her and she could only blink in response.  After a long moment, she said, "I believe there is a severe staffing shortage in the militia, general."
"There is."
"I am tempted, but I do not believe we can spare your expertise."
Alcid bowed his head toward her.  "Thank you, Madam President."
"However, I want your order to fire upon fleeing ships rescinded."
He nodded.  "It will be done."
Ben faced the general, "How many other Olene-type ships are there?"
"At least forty or so, minister.  And to answer your next question, yes, my people are in the process of inspecting all their reserve tanks and draining them, if they are full."
As if she had to ask, Gideon then said, "What has the response been?"
Domosi pulled another paper toward himself.  "As you have seen and heard, the protests have swelled many times over their previous numbers.  Violence has increased against militia personnel and stations, leading to a number of resignations, I'm afraid to say.  Reports from the night's watch mention a possibility of hundreds of deserters on foot last night alone."
An older woman asked, "Why did they not stop them?"
"These were but a few officers, minister.  I would not order them to risk an engagement with unarmed people at such a numerical disadvantage."  Alcid looked at Alex and said, "Madam President, because of KB-Fifty-Seven and the continued voice of dissidents, I fear that our position here will grow untenable.  I do not see how we can maintain an orderly society in the face of growing opposition and heightened emotions."
"We could resign."  Every head swiveled toward the usually quiet woman who oversaw new construction.  "If the president and the cabinet and perhaps even the general stepped aside, that may calm things."
"It may, indeed," Domosi said, "but that still leaves the formidable opposition of Mr. Reed and his people who advocate for our departure from this planet.  If anything, they have been bolstered by this tragedy and they would not be satisfied by mass resignations, unless our replacements happened to agree with their views."
"Agreed," Hustis said.  "I believe resignations should be off the table for now.  We must project confidence and a united front."  He looked toward Gideon for approval, but she said nothing.  He cleared his throat and said, "I know we still have food production to discuss today, but perhaps we should take a break."  Several people began to stand and leave the room.  Ben kept his focus on the slumping posture of the president.  When she did nothing, he gathered his papers and started to leave.
"Not you," she said.
The major sat down and watched her.  Once the room was otherwise empty, she removed a folded page from her pocket and passed it along the table.  Hustis opened it and saw a red mountain range on Cancer and the phrase, "LET US GO!" printed across it.  He nodded and softly said, "So Reed is stirring their imaginations in addition to their anger."
"And we've only helped."  He didn't respond.  "What should we do about it?"
"Removing these posters would bring more attention."  He stared at the photo for a long time before putting it back on the table.
She sighed.  "Taking them down now wouldn't mean anything."
"My mother used to say, 'The candy is always sweeter in your pocket.'  The other worlds appear enticing, but," he shook his head.
Finally, she turned and he noticed the wetness in her eyes.  Her lips shook and she said, "How can we make this work?"
A long breath slowly came out of him and his lips contorted.  She wondered if he was conflicted about telling her the painful truth.  "I'm sorry, Madam President, but I don't think we can."
She nodded and slid closer to the table.  "You think Domosi and Reed are right?  I wouldn't blame you if you did."
He tilted his head and said, "No.  I don't think they are."
"I don't understand."
"If you let people leave Pollux, they'll go to one of the other worlds and then what?  They'll be in the same position we were when we landed two months ago.  Here, we have the beginnings of infrastructure.  We have tens of thousands of people in Glaucus bringing us food every day.  Here, there is the hope that we will match demand sooner or later."
Alexandra almost smiled and said, "Neighborhoods.  I saw a neighborhood yesterday."
"The new houses?" he asked.  "Yes.  They look pretty good."
"I agree."  She paused when an especially loud saw ground away at something nearby.  They both stared toward the noise and she said, "I haven't been to Glaucus.  What's it like?"
"It's like the docks in Ephyrus.  You ever been there?"  She shook her head.  "It's a fishing city.  It's been …" he stopped himself, "it was there for thousands of years.  Their claim to fame was that Poseidon's son lived there."
"Is that where you're from?"
He shook his head.  "I was born in Scorpio.  A few hundred clicks from Lake Kopaida."
"In the desert?"
"Yes.  When I got old enough, I moved as far away from that dry air and sand as I could."
Gideon looked at the empty chairs and leaned her head against her hand.  "Ben, I want you to be my vice president."
He nodded.  "Yes, sir."
She swallowed hard.  "I'm going to resign."
Hustis blinked and leaned closer.  "You don't mean that."
"How can I not?  Nine hundred people are dead.  How many more are going to die here?"  He started to speak but she interrupted with more, "There are thousands of people out there who want me to go away."
"And you want them to win?"
She scoffed and shook her head.  "Happy to."
Ben sighed.  "Answer this.  If you resign, will anything be better?"
She looked at him and said, "You'll be president, so … probably."
"But you'll still be stuck here.  On Pollux.  You can't get away.  You'll be surrounded by the same problems you're running away from."
Now she sighed and said, "I know."
"One more thing," he crossed his legs confidently, "Would Stephen Acastus want you to quit?"
She sagged in her chair and melted onto the tabletop.  She glared at him, "That's not fair."
"But it's true."
"I know."  She straightened a bit.  "I don't know what to do."
"The people need to be inspired.  You've given some speeches in the last few weeks and some were quite good."
"'Some.'"
"I'm just being honest."
"You're right."  She stood and began to pace around the table.  "I haven't felt particularly inspired lately.  Especially not today."
"But the people need to be inspired.  Especially today."  Ben watched her walk.  "Are you still writing your account of the last days?"
"I am.  Off and on.  Mostly off."
"Have you prayed about it?"
Gideon stopped.  Without facing him, she asked, "Are you a faithful man?"
He shrugged.  "I certainly think so.  I didn't go to all of the temple services, either the virtual ones or the real ones."
She faced him and, for a second, in the shape of his nose and the color of his hair, she saw Apollo.  "Did you ever meet one of the gods?"
"Before the end?"
"Yes."
A corner of his mouth rose and he said, "Yes.  I was seventeen and I made it to the Olympic Games."
Her eyes widened and she leaned against the back of a chair.  "You're kidding.  For what?"
"Hurdles."
"That's something."
"I got to meet Lord Apollo.  He was," Hustis shook his head and laughed, "incredible.  I felt so warm and happy."
Alex's eyes glazed over and her voice softened.  "Yes.  I miss that."
The major stared at her for a moment and then asked, "Are you having a crisis of faith?"
Surprised, she rose up.  "Why?"
"Just a hunch."
Her breathing had quickened and she grabbed the back of the chair.  As she pulled it out from under the table, she asked, "Can you blame me?"
She sat as he mulled it over and then said, "No."
"It truly feels like the gods have abandoned us."
Ben nodded.  "And Zeus warned us against returning home."
"Exactly."  A pain swelled in her chest and heat lanced toward her throat and eyes.  "I don't know … if I can believe in them anymore."
Hustis didn't react.  He studied her and finally said, "Do you really think you're alone?"
"What?"
"Alex, there's half-a-million people outside who watched their homes get destroyed.  They left behind everything they knew and most of the people they knew.  I mean, we can't imagine the hell they're suffering on Kobol now."
Her stomach lurched and she nearly heaved.  "I know."
"How many did we leave behind?  And if the Cylons are still active?  Hunting them down?  Radiation making everyone sick.  No food …"
She met his eyes again.  "We have it easy here."
He answered with a nod.  "A lot of people out there are having a crisis of faith right now.  Probably even more than the thousands who protest outside the Galleon every day for you to 'set them free.'  Even more than those who are calling for you to resign.  If you're looking for inspiration, think about what you would like to hear to make you feel better.  Think about what kind of sign you'd like to see that everything is going to be alright."
"Thank you, Mr. Vice President."
"You're welcome, Madam President.  Now, are you going to resign?"
"No."  She stood and moved toward the door.  "Not today, anyway."

She was in the tall, green grass of the meadow.  She looked to her left and there was no ship.  Thousands of people were not waiting.  The sky was still blue.
"This is before," Alexandra said.
She walked to the edge of the meadow and stepped onto the asphalt of a street.  A ray of sunlight glinted ahead and when she squinted, she could descry the golden-plated lightning bolt on a marble statue up near the Opera House.  She took a deep breath and let her head fall back.  The beauty of Kobol filled her, the feeling of home, and she was satisfied.
Flash.  She looked toward the mountains and her eyes burned.  Fire poured like floodwaters through the streets and she was swept away.  She screamed and cried out.  Her long, red hair fell over her face and she watched as it burned and fell away.  There was a pain in her back and she realized she had been pushed against a building, held in place by the liquid flame, forced to stare at Olympus kilometers away.  
Though it was far, she could see every detail.  The mountain itself cracked and she watched the divide reach toward the ground.  The marble temple affixed to the side listed.  Its columns were blackened and crumbled.  Smoke spewed from its gates like a horizontal geyser and the plume billowed up and reached for the high, white clouds.
Still, she burned.  Gideon looked away from the mountain and down at herself.  The fire was out, but now she was buried to her waist in a sea of ash.  Gray dust felt like soft sand against her body and she tried to push through it.  Ahead, she saw a book atop the detritus.  She struggled toward it, but when her fingers brushed its singed cover, it fell into a pile of ashes and became indistinguishable from the rest.
Alex looked to her right and saw the cracked dome of the Opera House and the collapsed ruin of nearby temples.  Heat had been drained from the world and a cool breeze swirled the remains of the City of the Gods around her.
There came a sound.
She looked over her left shoulder and beheld the Aetos, the golden airship of the Lords of Kobol.  Her heart swelled and a tear fell from her eye.  The ethereal hum of its engines soothed her and she smiled.  "Everything will be alright."  
The wings of the alien craft splayed apart and it hovered above Pantheon Circle.  The engine noise sputtered and finally, the shining craft toppled from its level descent.  As it fell, the shape of the vessel momentarily shifted and became a memory of KB-57 falling toward the surface.  Once it impacted on the side of the Opera House, the ship had again become the Aetos and it exploded.
Gideon ran through the now empty streets.  Crashed cars were compressed against the faces of the buildings on either side of her and the sky had gone completely black.  The Opera House and the Aetos were engulfed in flames that popped and sparked.  She kept her distance until its ferocity abated and it did within a moment.  A large pile of cinders remained and they glowed red.  She drew near but found the heat too great to bear.  Their glowing faded and the black and gray mass collapsed on itself.
Alone again, Alexandra sat in the middle of the street.  The world was dark, quiet, and cold.  She shivered and scanned the destroyed temples.  Suddenly, she heard a shifting in front of her.  She whipped her head toward the remains of the ship and building and watched as a creature emerged onto the top of the heap.  She felt afraid of this beast that had been born from such death and destruction and she cowered.  It craned its dusty, gray neck toward her and stared at her with empty sockets.  A chill raced over her flesh and the large thing perched on the end of a warped beam.  It raised its pointed snout toward the sky and shook itself, first at its head and then cascading over its body toward its tail.  Dust flew from the animal's body in a cloud and revealed brilliant red and gold feathers beneath.
She gasped and put her hands over her mouth.  The bird stretched its wide, gleaming wings and flapped them once, creating a gust that blew the mound of ashes away.  It turned and looked at her with its golden yellow eyes and she felt the strength and warmth of this newborn creature.  She took a deep breath and rose to her feet as it finally leapt from its post.
The shining red and gold bird caught some beam of sunlight in its feathers and it looped overhead.  As it brought its wings forward past its sharp beak, it swooped over her and she saw that it was shaped like the gods' airship.  Her heart soared again and the creature wheeled away from her and toward the north.  Toward Olympus.
The city flew by beneath it and the mountain was fixed ahead.  Gideon realized that she had become the bird and she reveled in the freedom of flight.  Still, the home of the gods grew closer and she felt concerned.  Afraid.  The mountain was cracked and black smoke poured into the sky.  She got nearer.  The draw toward Olympus was great, but with greater determination, she banked to the east and away.
The darkened City of the Gods passed beneath her and she glided toward a sunrise.  Once the beams of light touched the land below, she looked down and saw gorgeous fields of green and gold.  Warmth returned to her breast and she felt at home.
A noise came from her left and she looked.  She was flying in formation with other great red and gold birds.  She looked to her right and saw still more.  She was happy that she would have a family with her in this new home, but then, to her surprise, the birds left her and flew to their own fields beyond winding rivers and rocky hills.  She was saddened briefly and she landed in the branch of a tree where she surveyed her domain.  Though she was separated from her kin, she felt pleased and fulfilled.
Alex awoke.  She looked around her darkened room and knew what had to be done.
X
DOMOSI
74 Days After Colonization

The general was sitting at the conference table next to Adria.  She handed him reports and he put his initials next to the lines of information and requests.  As his eyes darted over the information, he realized these were much lower stakes than wartime.  The general of the colony's armed forces didn't need to sign off on the use of a military forklift for the purposes of hauling lumber, but he did.  He knew there was a calm that came with orderly paperwork.  As chaotic as life was here, as unsure and unsteady as it all felt, the fact that someone had bothered to print pages out to be initialed and signed made you feel like everything was going to be alright.
"Who are these people, sir?"
Alcid looked up and scanned the table.  He recognized the members of the cabinet, of course.  There were just five of them.  But the eleven other people around the table, either sitting or standing?  "I don't know."  
The hatch opened and Alexandra Gideon entered with Ben Hustis.  Domosi's eyes narrowed and he studied the younger officer.  Something is going on.
While Hustis sat, Gideon stood behind the tabletop lectern.  Normally, the general was able to pick out the young woman's nervousness.  The way she fiddled with her papers or cards.  The way she picked at the plastic veneer of the lectern.  The shifting of her feet, her posture, biting her lips, … She exhibited none of those things today.  He leaned back in his chair, pushed his paperwork aside, and simply watched.
"Good morning."  Some in the room responded in kind.  "First, some important news."  She glanced at Ben.  "The minister of defense has agreed to become my vice president."  Gideon started to applaud and the others did, as well.  Reluctantly, Alcid joined in.  "General Domosi, if you wouldn't mind, I would like for you to take the position of minister of defense."
He was stunned by the suddenness of the request, but he quickly replied, "Of course.  It would be my honor."  Alexandra applauded again and the general looked around the table at no one in particular and nodded once in acknowledgement.
"Now.  The reason we're all here."  She turned a page in her notes.  "I will say, first of all, for the benefit of the visitors here who are not aware, discussing what is said or transpires in this room out there will lead to your arrest, criminal charges, and prison."  
Something serious is going on.
The president stepped back from the lectern and lifted the edge of the white flag that hung in the corner of the room.  As she extended the banner, the pure, white field revealed the golden Kobollian symbol at the center.  She looked at it for a moment and let it fall back to the pole.  Gideon turned to the lectern and said, "All of our days lately have been dark.  My sleep has been fitful and unsatisfying, but the other night, I had a dream.  Or maybe a vision.  I don't know."  She glanced at the flag again.  "Kobol is gone.  The people we left behind are dead or dying.  The gods with whom we lived for thousands of years are not waiting on a nearby mountaintop to guide us now.  All that we knew is ash."
Domosi could sense it.  There was a turn coming and he believed he knew what it would be.  He puffed out his chest and his eyes absorbed all that he could from the coming moments.
"But, we know from some of our best stories that life can rise from the ashes."  The older man the general seemed to recognize nodded.  "The symbol of Kobol that we revere will remain our symbol, but that great bird is now a phoenix.  And we will go on."  There were nods and sporadic applause in the room.  She raised her hand to stop them.  "In times of stress and strife, we cling to those things that give us comfort.  I am certain that everyone in this room and everyone out there have been clinging quite a bit in the last several weeks.  I've clung on to … memories of home.  Memories of my friends.  Memories of the gods.  But, in my clinging, as I sought comfort in these trying times, I was blinding myself to the reality of the present."
Great Zeus.  She's doing it.
"As much comfort as we can glean from the past, as much wisdom and experience as we can utilize, we should never try to replicate it.  We should not try to do what we think our forebears would want us to do.  We must do what is right for the people today and tomorrow."  For the first time, a habit of her inexperience returned, briefly, as she looked toward her notes and chewed on her lower lip.  "I wanted to be a good president.  I wanted to do what I thought my predecessor would do in my situation.  I held on to his memory and I was comforted by it, but I was blinded by it, too.  By a man I loved as a father figure."  Many at the table, including Domosi, respectfully nodded.  "As much as I thought and still think he wouldn't choose this path, I know the path ahead is the right one."
The general straightened in his seat and looked quickly at his captain.  She had sensed it, too, and was smiling.
"I have wanted to keep the people together, but the gods aren't here to guide and protect us like they were for over five millennia.  For a lot of that time, humanity repressed much of its curiosity.  Its need to … get out and explore.  For too long, we have been stagnant, enjoying our lives in the embrace of the Lords of Kobol.  Outside of their care for the first time, many of our people can sense the opportunity these new worlds present.  They are excited for the possibilities and they are eager to strike out on their own.  In my desire for a sense of stability like we had on the home we left behind, I wanted to tamp down that eagerness.  I understand now that restraining humanity will only serve to damage us further.  So, I will be lifting my executive orders that prevent the departure of people from Pollux to the other planets in these systems."  Some chattering broke out and Domosi finally exhaled.  She rapped her knuckles on the lectern, "This is not to be made public knowledge yet.  We have a lot of things to work out first."
Confused, the general raised his hand.  "Such as, Madam President?"
"I am hesitant to open the gates and say, 'Good fortune,' and let everyone go.  I think, in order for there to be stability wherever these people end up, there needs to be some sort of continuity in leadership and culture."  She gestured toward the dozen non-cabinet members.  "That's why I've asked some of the scientists, historians, and religious leaders who managed to escape Kobol to join us here.  Over the next few days and maybe weeks, we'll work on ways to handle this responsibly.  And General Domosi?"
"Yes, Madam President?"
"Not to pile too many things on your tray, but we need to quell the unrest that continues to grow, but without showing our hand.  And, when we are ready, I want you to lead the efforts to refuel the ships and prepare for orderly departures."
He smiled and bowed his head low, "Again, Madam President, it would be my pleasure."

"Ouranos Belt, section eight," Adria said.  "Scouts are at their scopes."
On the command deck of the Moros, Alcid pulled a chart over the tactical table and studied their current position.  Domosi nodded.  There were several marks on the chart already.  Asteroids that contained tylium ore.  The cargo hold of his ship was nearly full of it.  "Carry on."
She moved closer to him and whispered, "Will we be notifying the president of our discoveries?"
"We will provide some for ships to depart Gemini.  However," he leaned over the charts again, "I'm preparing for our future."
XI
DRACO
84 Days After Colonization

Their settlement north of the plateau had become crowded.
There were just over one hundred Draco, but a few weeks prior, nearly four hundred monotheists had followed, with rumors among them that even more were on their way.  The arguments Cerdo and Navdar had with his people were intense and he sympathized, but they agreed to welcome these fellow believers – of a sort – into their midst.  In the future, they could bring their cultural history to them.
The Draco worked to help the new families and even they had to admit that, with so many extra hands, they were able to till more earth, fell more trees, and build more homes.  In just two weeks, their fields looked like a full community at the base of the mountains.  Idyllic cabins set in picturesque scenes with blue skies, fresh, dark plowmarks, and green grass beyond.
"Dorian!"
Cerdo turned at the sound of his false name and smiled at the couple that approached.  It was Melissa Rentis, the scout that found them, and her husband, Hector.  He smiled and said, "Good morning."
"Good morning."  Hector extended his hand and Cerdo shook it.  "I wanted to meet with you and a few others to talk about building our temple."
He nodded.  "I see.  A temple.  We simply hadn't considered it because, for my people, we would hold small gatherings in each others' homes."
"That sounds nice," Melissa said.  "And intimate."
"It is."
"Well," Hector shrugged, "now that we're away from Kobol and the gods, I don't think we should have to fear worshipping in the open.  We can make a building where we can all come together in God's love."
Cerdo nodded again and maintained his friendly demeanor.  In his mind, he began quoting a line written millennia ago by Messenger Kaladen, 'When you pray, pray not as the heathen do, for they love to stand in their opulent temples of gold and marble, and on the corners of streets that they may be seen of men and their false gods.  They will have their reward, in time.  When you pray, go into your home, or better, into your closet and close the door and there pray unto The One, True God, who is unseen.  Then, The One who sees what you have done in secret, away from the dangerous eyes of men, will reward you.'
"I think it is an intriguing idea."  He looked away from the couple toward his own home which he had just finished yesterday.  "I will discuss it with the others and we'd be happy to meet with you."
"Great!"  Hector patted Cerdo's arm and began to walk away.  "We'll talk later."
He raised his hand and waved at them.  "Bye."
Slowly, Cerdo walked toward the open mountain spur that held most of the Draco's homes.  Many of the people were departing the fields and walking back to the cabins for their midday meal.  Instead, he turned toward his brother's house and approached it.  He knocked on the door and Navdar opened it.
"Brother."
Cerdo glanced toward the next group of homes, the ones still being finished by the newcomers.  "I'm afraid we can't stay here."
Navdar looked beyond Cerdo's head and then stepped back, holding the door open.  Speaking in the secret tongue of the Draco, the brother said, "Come in."
Once the door was pushed to, Cerdo said, "The others want to build a temple."
Navdar's eyebrows raised.  "A temple?  To The One?"  His brother nodded.  "Damn."
"Indeed."  He turned in a circle and looked at the fresh wooden table that held a plank with grilled pheasant on it.  His stomach grumbled and he ignored his hunger.  "How can we reconcile the words of our faith, from the founding fathers of it themselves, with our situation?"
Navdar crossed his arms over his chest and thought.  "When in six thousand years has our faith ever sought to reconcile itself with the world around it?"
"Never."  Cerdo sighed and said, "Like you, I had hoped that these new people, these open minds, may provide fertile ground for our faith to grow anew.  And yet, that may not come to pass."
"Perhaps we are too quick to flee."
"That has been the way of our people."
Navdar smiled.  "You have spoken to one person about this temple, yes?"  The brother nodded.  "Let us go to their meeting and hear what they say.  Let us speak.  Practicality may stay your feet, brother."
"Practicality?"
"Most of the newcomers don't have homes that are finished and there are fields that remain untilled.  Would they rush so quickly to build a temple when their basic needs are unmet?"
Cerdo thought and then looked at him.  "Good point."
"Thank you."
"In the meantime, we can advocate for the Draco way of fellowship and worship.  Small groups in homes with closed windows."  Cerdo smiled.  "And," Navdar continued, "in this way, we can begin to insert our ways into theirs."
"In small groups."
"Exactly."
Cerdo put his hand on his brother's shoulder.  "I have underestimated you."
"You always have."
His face twitched, as though pained.  The older brother shook his head and said, "Never again."
XII
GIDEON
96 Days After Colonization

"Who should lead each colonial group?"
"A military representative, obviously."
"Why obviously?"
"For defense!"
"Just as obviously, a priest should lead the groups."
She was frustrated with her panel of experts.  They argued about points that seemed of little consequence, and often for hours on end.  Despite this, the secret had been kept and that fact, above all, surprised her.
With the Galleon now mostly a skeleton, a large tent had been erected for these meetings, and everyone involved appreciated the change of scenery.  After a few hours of bickering, though, Alexandra sighed and looked to her right.  The vice president's chair was empty.  Unfortunately, because of her absorption in this task, Hustis was tending to the day-to-day affairs of running the fledgling colony from the new government building.  She missed his counsel.
"That's why a minimum of ten ships should be sent with each colonial seed."
"Ten?  That's not enough."
"We may not have enough fuel for more than that."
"But they'll need all the resources they can get, especially shelter.  Until things are …"
Gideon raised her hand.  "Please, everyone.  Can we take a break for now?  It's well past lunch."
A few of the experts appeared disappointed, but they acquiesced to the president.  "Of course."
"Thank you.  We'll reconvene in one hour."  She couldn't stand to think that she would be back here so soon.  "Let's make it two."
They pulled the tent's flap open and filed out, briefly filling the air with the sounds of the raucous chanting and protests that continued far away, beyond the lines of militia guards.  The administrator who had been recording the minutes flicked his wrist back and forth and stretched his fingers.  "I wish we could use a recording device."
Alex nodded.  "You're welcome to resume the search for something that doesn't require a computer network or power to function."
The young man sighed and stood.  "Madam President."  He nodded and left the tent, again allowing the distant din in.
She leaned onto her elbows and planted them on the tabletop.  She stared at the emptiness and took a deep breath.
Someone spoke from the other side of the entrance.  "Madam President?"
Gideon turned and saw Domosi.  "General.  Come in."  The always-uniformed man stepped inside.  "I missed you at today's gathering."
"My apologies.  I was speaking to someone I believe you will find interesting."  She looked back at the open flap and a small, older man was standing in the sunlight and noise.  "Come in, professor."
Alex recognized him.  "You were at the first few meetings and then you stopped coming."
"I apologize, Madam President."  He sat at the table next to her and placed a large stack of papers on his lap.  "I was busy working."
"And I tracked him down," Alcid said as he sat in his usual spot.
"Thank you, general."  She faced the man and asked, "Professor Kleio, isn't it?"
"Yes, Madam President."  He shook her hand.  "Nathan Kleio.  I was a priest for twenty-three years at the Temple of Zeus in the City of the Gods and for the last twenty-five years, I have been a theologian and historian at Delphi University."
"We are fortunate to have you with us, professor."  Gideon asked, "What have you been working on, sir?"
"Well," he patted the top of the papers before he lifted them out of his lap and placed them on the table.  "They can wait.  First, though, I must tell you about the research I had been doing at Delphi and some of the work I did with Goddess Athena."
"You worked with Athena?"
"I did.  It was one of the great joys of my life."
She recalled standing next to Apollo at the foot of the Gates of Hera.  She looked up and saw a blue blanket peel away in the wind from a distant body and then that body fell.  Her mouth dried and her voice closed.  She looked down and said, "I can't believe she's gone.  Buried in the Tomb of Athena at last."
"You were there?  I heard a story about what happened."  When she nodded, Kleio reached forward and held her hand.  "I am sorry, Madam President, but you must write about this."
"Write about it?"
"Yes, my dear.  For the good of mankind and history.  You simply must."
Alexandra nodded again and the professor released her hand.  "I have tried.  It's been a struggle."
"I am certain.  But, please, do continue."
She took a deep breath and cleared her throat.  "Sorry, professor.  Your research."
The little man smiled and crossed his legs.  "I've spent many years studying pre-Olympian culture on Kobol, well, as best as I could.  And I studied the absence of Lord Zeus."
"Absence?"
"Yes, Madam President.  Before your time, I'm afraid.  For most of the last thousand years, Lord Zeus was not a regular participant in daily life on Kobol.  Lords Apollo, Athena, and Hermes were present most of the time, but they didn't exactly rule with the same force as the Lord of Lords.  Zeus himself didn't come back until about forty years ago."
"That's right."  She nodded, "I remember Stephen talking about it."
"Yes.  President Acastus was there."  Kleio smiled and continued, "In that vacuum, many areas around Kobol began to assert an individuality.  Regionalism emerged.  These were things most of Kobol likely hadn't known since the gods descended Olympus.  I was working on this with Goddess Athena before the end.  She was interested in helping our people reconnect with their pre-Olympian cultures.  My job was to try and uncover what that may have been."
"This is very interesting, Professor Kleio," Alexandra said.  "How does this relate to our current situation?"
"Like most of Kobol a few hundred years ago, we find ourselves in an absence of divine leadership."  His tone had become grave and his wizened smile faded.  "In an absence of divine leadership and an absence of unifying culture, regression can happen.  Regression," he emphasized the word again, "happened in pockets during Zeus' absence.  There are stories of barbaric practices around the world.  Traditions that were forgotten.  New stories that arose and covered ones from the past.  I fear that the regression we're about to experience would be far, far worse."  He saw the president's eyes widen.  "Not only do we lack the gods, but we also currently lack almost everything that they gave us.  We have none of Kobol's infrastructure.  Few resources able to be utilized at a moment's notice.  Most devastating, perhaps, is that we have a limited population with an even more limited knowledge base."
"Yes," she said.  "The vice president tells me that only about twenty percent of us were in any kind of profession on Kobol."
Kleio said, "Possibly even less."  He shook his head, "I have seen a great many of our people in the last months.  Most have never worked a day in their life.  I would wager they spent most of their lives on the Stream.  So, now we have a population that is barely physically fit for our current state and lacking in knowledge, too.  That inexperience and that lack of fitness must then be coupled with the fact that we have so very few examples of our technology left and we must concern ourselves with how long even those may last."
"We could train people to repair what we have, like we've been training them for hunting, fishing, and building," Gideon said.  "Even the Streamers.  We can teach them how to repair technology.  Build our new infrastructure, like we've been doing."
"That's good," Kleio said, "and we should, but these are solutions for the short term.  We need to think in the long term.  In a century or two, the people whom we've trained and the people whom they've trained will be gone.  Memories of Kobol won't even be memories.  They'll just be stories.  Myths.  Our machines, if they still exist, will collect either dust or rust and it's likely that most people won't even know their purposes any longer."
"That is very bleak, professor."
"I am sorry, Madam President, but the situation is more bleak than that."
She glanced at Domosi who seemed just as stunned as she was.  "How?"
"I think regression is a certainty."  Her shoulders sagged and he anticipated her questions.  "Think about it.  We'll be separated on as many as ten different worlds.  The population and knowledge base will have gotten that much smaller and localized, likely without communication between them.  For the next several decades, most people on these worlds will rightfully be more concerned about food and shelter and clean water than they would about some metal box that contains the thoughts of their ancestors.  To put it another way, our people will be too busy trying to survive than worrying about their grandfather's antique ships rotting in a field, or the unknown, powerless, and useless equipment kept inside.  Only when a society has enough people and is secure and stable will they be able to pursue advances of the sort we enjoyed on Kobol, and it will take centuries for us to reach that point.  In short, there is nothing we can do to prevent the slide, but we can provide a helping hand once mankind reaches the bottom of the hill."
"What of the equipment we have from Kobol?" the general interrupted.  "I know the ships were built and stocked in secret and we lack many resources, but there must be something.  We have two tylium ships that double as refineries, for a start."
"General, people fled Kobol with their lives; not their livelihoods, the few of them that had one.  Again, we have some few small examples of technology but not enough to sustain it.  Not the means to maintain it or reproduce it.  The ships we brought were filled only with people, supplies, some animals, some seeds for crops, and some mementos of our culture.  That's it.  No industrial machines.  No means of forging metals."  Gideon seemed surprised and Kleio faced her.  "Yes, I checked.  Aside from handheld torches, we lack anything like a foundry.  We have only the barest ability to repair or reproduce our components, should we need it, but that's it.  More to my point, Madam President, in the coming decades, we simply won't need it."
"Talk more about that," she said.  "Our people's needs."
"Yes.  The ability to make batteries or any kind of computer will be beyond our descendants, and it will be beyond their needs, too.  These people would just be a few generations separated from having to rediscover agriculture.  Why would they think about or need a computer?  How could we expect them to develop one?  Would you expect people bent on survival to turn around and rebuild Kobol?  With a worldwide datastream and the ability to visit sister planets?  We have the technology now, but we lack the means to carry it forward.  What few things we have today will not survive the slide into regression."
Stunned, Alexandra stood and slowly walked around the table.  She looked at the Kobollian flag and then at the papers at each representatives' seats.  "If this is the case, then why wouldn't I just change my mind about letting people go?"  Domosi shot her a worried look.  "Keep everyone together.  Keep the bigger knowledge base."
The professor smiled.  "Forgive me, Madam President, but I understand the tenuous grasp that you have right now."  He lifted his finger and pointed at the tent.  "We're here, far away in a secret tent, far from the government building where there are many tens of thousands of marchers with thousands more at every food depot and military vessel.  There were sixteen food riots yesterday.  Twelve the day before that.  Crimes are on the rise throughout the camps.  Assaults on the militia.  Vandalism.  Chants and posters for your resignation."  He leaned onto the table and continued, "The power of the gods, an economy of plenty, and a lack of means to leave kept people on Kobol.  Here, we have no gods overseeing us and most of our population were simple people, concerned only with self-gratification and amusement.  Among the remainder, we have some people full of motivation and imagination.  Perhaps in the vacuum caused by the lack of the gods, they have felt emboldened to speak out."
"Like Declan Reed," she said.
"Yes.  Reed and those pushing for colonization of the other worlds have found a captive and easily swayed audience.  We are also now in an economy of scarcity which breeds desperation and a willingness to believe in pie-eyed hopes.  And we are surrounded by vessels that offer the potential of a different future.  While a good portion of the population may have been stagnant or complacent earlier on, they no longer have the Stream to amuse them and many of them have been roused to action thanks to their anger at the destruction of that ship."  She glanced down and sighed as she again replayed the downing of KB-57 in her mind.  "The unrest will continue and they will escape to other worlds, they will break free of your grasp, if the situation does not change, and I see no way in which it might.  Yet, even if you were to somehow prevent their escape by crippling these vessels …"
"Or eliminating the dissidents," Domosi offered.
Kleio looked at him with concern and said, "Yes.  You would have even greater turmoil than we've yet seen, but yes.  Violence.  Possibly anarchy.  Those would be short-term results, but despite that, I believe regression would still happen.  With greater numbers here on Pollux, it may take longer, but it will still happen."
Gideon sighed and looked away.  "It is happening.  Now."  Kleio nodded.  "We're destroying our ships for shelters.  Metal components of our engines are being broken apart for tools.  Wires are being stripped from computers to make ropes and nets."
The old man smiled halfheartedly, "The slide has already begun, eating at the advancements from Kobol's past."  
"Back to an agrarian society."
"Yes, Madam President."
"When Stephen put together this fleet, he didn't think about any of this.  He was just trying to save as many people as possible."  She shook her head, "If he'd had any idea this would happen, he would've sent more equipment, more … everything.  Tylium, computer parts, …"
"I'm sure, Madam President."
She exhaled long and hard until her chest was empty.  "You mentioned a helping hand.  How would we do that?"
"We need to put the blueprints for our lives on something semi-permanent, something that cannot erode or be corroded.  Listing as many details as we can of our technology, medicine, metallurgy, and more.  How to recreate it.  What is necessary."
"Do you have a proposal?" she asked.
"Yes, Madam President.  That's what I've been working on."  He patted the top of his stack of papers and files.  "This is a list of scientific, medical, and technological advances that I believe should be transcribed by etching the information onto some long-lasting substance.  If we could use stone, they'd last forever, figuratively speaking, but there's too much information to convey and it would be difficult to transport hundreds of tons of stone to all these planets.  Instead, I think, sheets of high-density plastic may be the answer, stored within stone casks.  It is my understanding that plastic sheets can survive for a thousand years, if kept well.  The stone casks should be able to help with that.  Now, even with the plastic, there won't be enough space to provide a step-by-step guide to teach a farmer how to build a spaceship."
"We can't include detailed instructions?" she asked.
"I'm afraid not.  Not for each and every step of progress and technology that we've enjoyed under the Lords of Kobol since their descent from Mount Olympus."  The president nodded and Nathan said, "But we can provide some help.  Guideposts.  Goals for them to reach.  We can't hold their hands along the way, but we can show them what's possible and encourage our descendants to strive toward that.  Hopefully, it will be enough information to do some good, even if these textbooks will be lacking in many details."
Alex looked toward Domosi.  "General?  Thoughts?"
He shook his head.  "Madam President, I don't like the sound of it, and I prefer to believe that we are more hardy than he gives us credit for."
"I hope so, too, general," Kleio said.
"But if there's a chance what he says comes to pass, I believe we need it.  We need an insurance policy."
She closed her eyes and again saw Athena's fall.  Gideon asked, "Can we include the Sacred Scrolls as well?"
"Yes, Madam President.  We can and should."
"And what about language?"  She shrugged, "If the people are separated for centuries, shouldn't we be worried that they'll be speaking something else when it's time for them to open these casks?"
Kleio smiled.  "Madam President, if you were a student, you would get bonus points.  You are correct to be concerned about that.  Unfortunately," he raised his hand and let it fall again, "we cannot predict how language will change.  We can only hope that they will have scholars among their people who can trace their own tongues back through history to Olympian."
"I understand."  She stood and walked toward her normal seat again.  "With ten habitable worlds, how many casks do you recommend for each one?"
"I have no idea how long the process may take, but I would prefer some redundancy.  Two, at a minimum, per world.  Perhaps we can distribute them proportionally according to the size of the population going to each planet."
She scribbled in her notes.  "Do we have the equipment to handle this?"
"I checked ahead of time, and even though they couldn't give me a timetable, they assured me the work could be done."  The professor said, "We have in the fleet one facility that can be converted into recycling plastic for the sheets, one machine capable of etching the desired text into plastic, and one piece of heavy machinery that we can use to quarry stone for the casks.  There are some tools that we can use to do these things by hand, if we must."
"General, will you please see to this?"
"Absolutely, Madam President."
Gideon stood and the professor did, too.  "Thank you, sir."
"Thank you, Madam President."  He held her hand and leaned forward.  "Please.  Write quickly.  I would like to include your account in the records we save.  Not just for the stones, either.  I think each ship that leaves should take copies of the Scrolls along with your history of what happened with them."
She glanced away and thought.  Her words, preserved for centuries.  "I will, professor.  Thank you."

For hours, she wrote.  She wrote about Zeus, Apollo, Athena, and Stephen Acastus.  The Cylon attack.  The caravan of ships that fled Kobol.  Then she stopped.
She stared at the lower half of a page.  The top was filled.  The bottom was blank.  She felt like she needed to wrap things up and say something hopeful.
"I don't feel hopeful."
She said it out loud.  She thought about everyone out there who needed to hear something positive after suffering horrors on Kobol and facing dire odds here.  She thought about the people soon departing for other worlds.  And she thought about the tragedy of KB-57.  She sighed and put her pen to the paper again.
"Humanity may face many enemies of many kinds.  Those of our own making; those from outside.  Our enemies, whoever or whatever they are, will seek to divide us.  Our colonies will be sundered from each other in the chasm of space."  She remembered the glory of Kobol and then the gloom she witnessed inside the Tomb of Athena.  "Their shining days renounced by a multitude of dark sacrifices.  Yet still they will remain always together."
Alex kept her pen hovering above the rest of the blank page, ready to write more.  Instead, she dropped it and sat away from her desk.  
"Knock, knock."
She looked up and saw Ben peeking in through the tent's flap.  Gideon smiled.  "Come in, Mr. Vice President."
He entered and sat on the edge of her cot, as he usually did.  "How are things going?"
"I think I'm done.  Finally."
"Writing?"  He looked at the small pile of papers.  "Congratulations."
"Thanks.  How about you?"
"Nothing special to report from me, but I heard about your meeting with Professor Kleio and your decision."
She nodded.  "I think he's right."
He didn't offer his opinion.  After a beat, he asked, "What about the problem of leadership?"  She chuckled.  "Has your illustrious panel come up with a solution?"
"No."  She stood and walked to her small table where she sipped from a glass of water.  "They'd argue about the color of the sky on a clear day."
"Do you have a solution?"
Alexandra looked at Hustis and smiled.  "I do.  But first," she sat on the cot next to him, "I have a question for you."
"Of course, Madam President."
"When this is done and we," she flicked her fingers in the air, "cast our fellow exiles into the stars, will you stay here?  With me?"
Ben smiled.  The light on his face was low, but she thought she could see him blush.  "Of course I will."
XIII
DOMOSI
98 Days After Colonization

A platform was created on the roof of the government building, even though it was still barely half complete.  The platform faced toward the west and oversaw many of the ships that still remained in their landing spots.  Most of the new homes and other buildings were in sight, too.  Low wooden structures with green and yellow roofs.  Fresh brick foundations awaiting logs.  Below the building and far into the distance, nearly two hundred thousand people had gathered.  There were people crowding all over, in every corner and spot, as far as they could see.  Protests were still going strong with more people pushing for Gideon to resign than for them to be allowed to leave Pollux.  Signs were held and waved, people chanted, "Remember the Fifty-Seven!" and they all tried their best to move through the sea of humanity.
The general smiled and gripped the handle of the platform tightly.  He was nervous about the construction of this portion on the roof when there was no other roof to speak of, but he forgot that when he saw the spectacle of a third of the human race beneath him.  He looked to his left and the president and vice president stepped up from the ladder and onto the platform, too.  They squinted in the late morning sun and gazed in awe at the number of people below.
"You've got this," Hustis said.
She pulled her cards from behind herself and rested them on the lectern.  A wind whipped by and made them rustle, but her hands moved quickly and she kept them in place.  "Here, Madam President."  Domosi handed her a heavy pen from his pocket.  She nodded and placed it on top of her notes. 
"Thank you, general."  She took a deep breath.  "Good morning, everyone."  Immediately, they noticed that the sound system wasn't on.  Alcid leaned down and saw that the transmitter's dials weren't illuminated.  He flipped the power switch and it sprang to life.  "Good morning, everyone."  Her voice echoed among the landed vessels and new buildings and overcame even the protests, chants, and jeers.  "I have an important announcement.  After several days of consultation with experts, priests, and others, I have decided to allow any citizen who wishes to leave Pollux to do so and to make a home for themselves on one of the other worlds in these systems."
From a large portion of the crowd, there was applause and cheers.  The shouting and chanting seemed to subside.  Domosi nodded and clapped his hands while he scanned the people.  
"This will be done in an orderly fashion and it will be overseen by General Domosi."  He nodded briefly.  "And I'll turn it over to him."
He stepped into place behind the microphone and beamed.  "Thank you, Madam President, for your leadership and trust in these trying days.  Former citizens of Kobol, children of the gods, all, this is a grand opportunity.  A chance for mankind to reach into the unknown and claim our futures.  As someone who has seen what awaits us on these other worlds, I can assure you, the days ahead will be exciting.  Beginning at sunrise tomorrow, you will see an officer posted at each of the sixteen supply stations, as well as any of the military gunships you see parked around the camp.  Those officers will be compiling lists of people who wish to depart this world and to which world they would like to go.  A list of the planets we're able to travel to and some details about them will be posted at these supply stations.  There will be a minimum of one full week before any vessel departs, so you will have time to consider leaving and to consider your destination.  If you have questions, you may ask the officers in charge at either the supply stations or the gunships."  He stepped back, "Thank you again, Madam President."
She nodded and pulled a new card from her notes.  "Once the lists of colonists have been confirmed, they will be assigned ships.  Due to our low tylium supplies, not every ship will be sent, nor will they be able to venture very far from this system in all likelihood, but you will be free to go to any world within reach."  Cheers interrupted her and she continued, "From each group of colonists going to each world, three people will be chosen.  We will be looking for combinations of religious leaders, military leaders, community leaders, and experts.  These people will form triads, councils of three leaders to safeguard knowledge from our past on Kobol so that our descendants may make use of it in our futures."  She looked at her notes again and squared her shoulders.  "Life here may have begun out there, but life here can only go on if each of us helps another.  May the gods smile upon us and our days ahead.  So say we all."
As the others on the platform responded, there came a staggered response from the crowd below, "So say we all!"
She nodded and left the lectern.  Many in the crowd began to disperse, but thousands more remained to renew their chants for Gideon to resign.  As Hustis followed her toward the ladders, Domosi looked at the people below and considered stepping behind the microphone again to extol the benefits of striking out on their own.  He decided against it and said, "Very inspiring words at the end, Madam President."
"Thank you, general.  I cribbed it from my own writings."
He nodded and considered the influence she would have on future generations.  With her account of Kobol's last days being distributed with the Sacred Scrolls throughout the departing fleet, it would be immeasurable.  Alcid raised his chin and said, "I would volunteer myself as one of the members of a triad, to help preserve this knowledge."
"Oh," Alex smirked, "you're leaving us?"
Domosi chuckled.  "Yes, Madam President."
"For your blue planet?  Virgo?"
"Correct, again."
"I hoped you would volunteer, general.  With your dogged determination, I'm sure Kobol's knowledge will survive well beyond your years."
"Thank you, Madam President."

The protests dwindled and finally died as the realization of the people's departure finally dawned on them.  Tens of thousands of people set aside their chants and signs and readied themselves for new worlds.  Again.  The creation of the stone casks and the plastic "textbooks" had taken longer than expected, however.  It was now the one hundred-fortieth day since colonization, and everything was finally ready.
Ships were taking off from the fields and more than a quarter had already departed.  This early morning, a dozen more were headed into the clouds and toward Pollux's twin world, Castor.  In the preceding days, many more had left for the other worlds in this system, too, but it was the general's intention to be the first to head out beyond Helios Alpha.
Cargo had been loaded onto the Moros and Domosi stood outside, inspecting one of the casks bound for his future home.  "You have the final list of vessels in my fleet?"
Adria answered, "Yes.  Including the Conabus."
"The horses.  Good.  And a tylium refinery ship?"  She nodded.  "Good.  Very good.  My compliments, captain, on assembling our settling party."
"Thank you, sir."
As his fingers drifted over the pale sandstone, he asked, "Where are the other stones for Virgo?"
"Aboard other ships, sir," she answered.  Alcid seemed surprised by this and she said, "Just in case something happens to us, at least the others would survive."
"Mm."  
The stone cask was a little over a meter tall and square on the tall end.  Each corner featured a raised bit to keep the end slightly off the ground.  There was no discernable detail found along the side, but the top included a simple carving which read, "Containing the history and knowledge of Kobol to enable a brighter future for our colonies."
Domosi placed his fingers inside the seam that marked the top from the rest of the cask.  With a slight effort, he lifted, but to no avail.  "Captain, grab a couple of people.  I want to see it."
"Yes sir."  Two enlisted men approached and took positions on either side of the square.  They lifted with a series of grunts and the stone top came free.  
The general stepped closer and looked inside.  There was a circular hollow filled to the very top with blocks of plastic books.  He lifted one and found it heavier than he expected.  It was nearly opaque and seemed to swirl with colors in the sunlight.  The first, single sheet he removed read, "Catalog of contents."  It then listed various books on medicine, computers, spacecraft, FTL, and more.  He saw at the bottom of the page that a few other things were included, such as a small flag of Kobol.  Alcid peered into the cylinder and tried to see past the hundreds of plastic sheets, but he couldn't.
"Find anything interesting, general?"
Domosi looked to his left and saw the president and vice president approach.  "Good morning.  I was curious and I couldn't help myself."
"It is something."  She put her hands on the stone and then brushed her finger along the silver-colored rim of the hollow inside.  "Do you recognize the internal cylinder?"
"A Hydra missile shell."
Gideon sighed.  "One of the last gifts from the gods."
Domosi nodded.  "Madam President, you and I have had our conflicts, but I have never doubted that you had our best interests at heart."
She seemed surprised.  "Thank you, general."
"I am hopeful that you will find the rest of your days to be peaceful and fulfilling."  As another vessel started its engines and then aimed for the clouds, he said, "Most of the ships have departed for their new homes, and settlements, I'm certain, are already underway."  He snapped to attention and saluted her.  "I believe my duties are complete, Madam President."
She straightened and said, "Thank you, general.  You are dismissed."
Domosi smiled and shook her hand.  "Thank you."
"Good fortune."  
While the president walked away, Hustis offered his hand and shook Alcid's, too.  "General.  Take care."
"You as well, Mr. Vice President."
When the pair were gone, he looked back into the darkness of the cask.  He reached up to his collar and removed the Kobollian military pin from one side and his unit of service pin from the other.  Then, he reached toward his left shoulder and unclasped the brigadier's star there.  He held all three in his hand and looked at them carefully.  After a smile, he dropped them into the cask and pointed at the two men.  "Cover it back up and load it on the ship."
"Yes sir."
He faced the Moros again and strode toward the entrance.  "Come along, captain.  I'm eager to get to our new home."
XIV
DRACO
154 Days After Colonization

"The storm damaged too many houses," Cerdo said.  "The supplies we have at present should go to the rebuilding effort."  Many of the others present were nodding or murmuring their approval.  "We can keep doing our smaller group prayer sessions and I think most of us are enjoying them."
Hector Rentis stood.  "I agree with Dorian."  Cerdo nodded and sat down.  "We all want a temple, but it's more important for the community if everyone's home is safe and secure."  Several people applauded.  "Like Dorian said, we are enjoying the small worship groups and it's really building strong relationships here.  That's very important."
There was more applause and then the man who fashioned himself as the village elder tapped a stone on the tabletop brought outside to this large circle.  "Shall we have a vote?  All of those in favor of proceeding as planned with the construction of our temple in the name of The One True God, please raise your hand."  In the fading sun, it would have been difficult to count hands were it not unnecessary with so few raised.  With a dejected tone, the elder asked, "And all of those opposed?"  The vast majority of the people raised their arms.  He tapped the rock again and said, "Very well.  The temple's supplies will be used for repairs."
Most of the people began to wander away but the elder continued to make announcements.  Hector crossed through the crowd and found Cerdo.  "Hey, Dorian."  He shook hands with him and said, "Thanks for speaking out.  That was what we needed."
"I wasn't the first to argue for it."
"But you were the only one of the 'founders' to speak out.  You guys being here first still means something to these people.  The way you welcomed us," Hector shook his head, "Anyway.  Thanks again."
"Of course."  As their neighbor turned and walked off into the crowd, Cerdo faced his home and aimed for it.  Once inside, he saw his wife tending to their youngest and he sat at the table and smiled.  
"How did it go?" Oarin asked.
He nodded.  "They've decided to forgo construction a while longer.  Again."
"Good."  She stood from the child's chair and stood next to her husband.  "But for how long?"
"That is the question."  There was a knock at the door.  Two taps followed by a pause and two more.  "Navdar."
The door parted and his younger brother peeked inside, "I'm not interrupting?"
Cerdo stood and embraced him.  "It is good to see you."
"Can I get you some water, brother?" Oarin asked.
"Please," he sat at the table and dropped his dirty pack to the floor.
"You were gone for two months.  I was worried."
"No need, brother," he took the cup from her and gulped the water.  Once it was gone, he looked at Cerdo again and asked, "Why?  Did Aktev already return?"
"Two days ago."  He pushed the younger brother's shoulder and said, "He beat you."
"Ah.  I had farther to travel."
"Did you now?"
Navdar reached into his backpack and pulled out a copy of the map given to the Draco by Lieutenant Peres months ago.  He planted his finger just above the plateau, marking their current location.  He dragged it due west and then north.  "If I had to guess, I got to about here."  Cerdo nodded.  "It's cold and remote.  Lakes and rivers for fishing.  Forests for hunting.  A little land in the valleys and between spurs for planting."
"What about closer to here?"
Navdar pulled his finger back even with their settlement.  "Much of the same thing.  The open bay that looks toward the sea has plenty of fishing.  Some fields for farming, but …"
"Defense?"
"Exactly.  If someone were to leave this camp and head into the hills, that's right where they'd end up if they follow the streams and natural paths."
"Is there nothing between here and the far north?"
"Not much.  More mountains."  As Cerdo nodded, Navdar asked, "What did Aktev find?"
"Far more."  He planted his finger even with their settlement and dragged it south.  "There are two areas suitable for us here and here.  There's even an intricate cave system here, near the ocean."
"Nice."
Cerdo pulled his finger farther down.  "Here, at a gap in the mountain range, there is a spot that could easily be fortified alongside a bay.  Across the bay from the mountains is prime farmland."
"Sounds like that should be the target."
"It would be, were it not so open.  If polytheists come, they would find it and claim it for themselves.  I dislike the cold, but the north may be the safer option."
Navdar spun the empty cup in his fingers and glanced around Cerdo's house.  "Are we leaving?"
"You just missed the meeting tonight.  There was a storm the other day, …"
"I saw it from the mountains."
"Well, many homes were damaged and we nearly had to beg for them to halt construction of their temple to help repair the homes and other buildings."
The younger brother sighed.  "You think it's only a matter of time."
"I do."
Navdar stood and picked up his pack.  "Just give the word, brother."

In the fields, Cerdo was bent over a healthy stalk of wheat.  He picked a small bug from the leaves and studied it.  It wasn't an insect he recognized, but it certainly looked like a mite he may have found on Kobol if he had been a farmer there.
He looked toward the homes and saw a group of people.  They were moving toward the edge of the settlement, near the slope that descended the foot of the plateau.  The crowd grew and grew and, finally, Cerdo stood and walked toward the throng.
"How many?"
"Thousands."
"My God."
"Coming here?  Are they coming here?"
"They're south of the plateau now and they have people looking all around."
"It's a matter of time then."
He looked with confusion at the sweating man standing at the center.  He knew he was one of the monotheists and he knew he was part of a daily hunting party.  Cerdo turned to the woman next to him, "Excuse me.  What's happening?"
"He said he ran into some polys down by the plateau.  The president set everyone free.  They can go to other planets if they want."
"Really?"
"Yeah, but a lot are staying here."
"And thousands of them are coming this way," another person interrupted.  "All that good farmland around the plateau."  He shook his head, "I knew it would attract more people."
Cerdo nodded and looked down the hill.  He could see no one at present but he listened as his fellow farmers pelted the hunter with more questions. 
"You're sure they're coming?"
"I talked to them.  They know there's people up here.  There was nothing I could do about that."
"We have to go."
"We have to stake our claim."
"We already have."
"I mean, we have to defend it.  Protect it."
Cerdo turned and walked back toward the village slowly.  When he found Navdar, he told them what had transpired.
"Damn."
"Indeed."  Cerdo watched his brother's reaction.  "Is that enough for the Draco to depart?"
"Maybe?"  He nodded his head toward the crowd of people who were still swarming the hunter.  "What do they say?"
"There's talk of defending our land.  Talk of leaving."
"Hmm."  Navdar crossed his arms over his chest.  "And what do you say?"
"I say …"  He looked toward the sky and thought for a second.  He and his wife loved their home.  Even their children liked it and that was a minor miracle in itself.  "We wait and see what the others think."
Navdar's eyebrows raised.  "Will the Draco stand with these monotheists?"
"Not at the expense of our lives or culture."
That night, there was another meeting.  This time, nearly all the monotheists and Draco were present.  The elder called up the hunter who spoke about his encounter and he recalled all that was said.  Speaker after speaker advocated for defending their land, forcefully.
"Would one of the founders speak?" a woman said.  "They were here first and I would like to have their point of view."
All eyes turned toward the Draco and all of them looked toward Cerdo.  Navdar nudged him playfully and the older brother stood.  He grimaced and moved toward the elder's table before turning and raising his voice.  "Yes, my people were here in this lovely land first.  Yes, we have worked hard for it.  And, yes, I would be very, very disappointed to leave it behind.  But in our particular brand of faith, we are admonished to preserve ourselves and our culture above all."  Some of the Draco shifted, uncomfortable at how much their leader was revealing.  "If there is conflict, I am afraid that we would lose."  Many balked at this and the elder tapped his rock loudly.  "There are thousands of them near us now.  Many thousands more elsewhere on the planet still.  There are only a few hundred of us believers.  We were persecuted on Kobol when we lived in secret.  And now, when we live in the open, do you expect that treatment to change?"
Many people screamed and yelled, talking over each other, until one voice came through clearly.  "Are you a coward?"
Cerdo turned toward the voice, unsure of who said it.  "If my leaving this farm and my home to ensure the safety of my family and faith makes me a coward, then, yes.  I will be a coward."
While his fellow Draco were fortified by this answer, the monotheists who listened were not.  Most of them shook their heads and many started to boo him.  Cerdo left the open space at the center and returned to his log by Navdar.  His younger brother leaned over and whispered, "Good one."
Cerdo nodded.  He spoke in their secret language.  "Tell the others.  Prepare to depart."
"How long?"
He thought and finally said, "Three days."
Preparations were underway on the second day when the first representatives of the polytheist settlers came up the ridge to speak with the farmers.  Cerdo hung back and listened carefully.  The newcomers were speaking kindly and talking about the land while the monotheists immediately took a defensive stance.  There were no threats, but Cerdo could see the look of concern in the polys' faces.
On the third day, after the sun set and once the village quieted for the night, the Draco silently left their homes with their share of supplies and marched northwest, up into the mountains.  After sunrise, Navdar and Cerdo stood on a crest and looked beneath the great plateau to the land which held their now-abandoned homes.
The older brother sighed and Navdar put his arm around his shoulder.  "'Though Larsa has faded and Draco is gone, we can make a new home.'"
He finished the quote, "'For we have each other, our culture, and The One, True God.'"
"Amen."  Navadar slapped his back and trudged off after the others.
Cerdo stared for a moment longer and finally turned to face the mountains.  The Draco had another trek before them, but it would preserve everything.
XV
GIDEON
Unknown Years Before Activation

She sat in the darkness.  Quiet.
Alexandra looked to her left and then her right.  She scrunched up her face as she tried to recall how she got here.  Why she was here …
"There she is."
Her head whipped up and she saw Stephen Acastus standing before her.  He looked healthy and he was smiling ear to ear in a way that warmed her.
"My gods!"  She leapt from the chair and embraced him.  They stumbled a bit and he grunted, but shortly after, he returned the firm embrace.
"It's good to see you."  After a long moment, she pulled her head from his shoulder and stared blankly off into space.  "What is it?"
Softly, she said, "I think we're dead."
Acastus laughed.  "Of course we are.  I'd be riddled with leukemia and you'd be an old woman, right?"
Gideon looked at her hands and saw that they weren't wrinkled or spotted.  She felt her face and the smooth, soft skin.  She pulled her long hair forward and saw that it was red, not silver.  Finally, she laughed, too, and said, "Well.  Now what?"
"Now we talk."  He pointed at the chair and she sat.  As he sat, too, he asked, "So.  How was life on that new world of yours?"
"It was hard at first, unpleasant at times, but it worked out.  Do you remember Ben Hustis?"
"Military guy outside the City on Kobol, right?"
"Right."  She lifted her hand and showed off her ring.  "We were together for almost forty years."
"That's wonderful."  Stephen crossed his legs.  "What about Pollux?  Tell me about it."
"We had started to build up a decent infrastructure.  Farming, fishing, lumber.  Things were going pretty well."
Acastus leaned forward.  "Except?"
Alex sighed.  The president was always able to pierce whatever veils she put over herself.  "Except … the people who left.  I don't know what happened to them.  I don't know if they turned out OK.  If they were able to survive on the other worlds.  About a quarter stayed on Pollux, but that means I lost the rest."  He started to nod and she continued, "We already had one mass exodus from our world.  Just a few months later, it happened again.  I felt so … defeated."
"That's human nature.  You can't blame yourself for that."
She shook her head.  "You wouldn't have let that happen."
He scoffed.  "Why do you say that?"
"You would've kept everyone together.  You would've found a way to make everyone happy so they wouldn't leave."
Stephen's eyebrows raised and then he began to laugh, loudly.  Alexandra was embarrassed and looked into the darkness, but she saw no one else.  "Great Zeus, Alex.  Why in the world would you think that?"
"Because …" she thrusted her hand toward him, "you're you!  You were the vice president and president.  You had the ear of Lord Apollo.  You saved a part of mankind when hope seemed lost."
"Yeah, yeah."
"You would've found a way to keep everyone together."
"Why?"  He leaned forward, "Why do you think I could've have done the impossible?"
"Impossible?"
"After millennia of governance by the gods and trapped on one planet, how would I have kept half-a-million people on one world with no divine oversight when there are a dozen other planets out there to be explored and settled?  How?"
"You … "
"Alex," he reached over and took her hand, "I might have wanted to keep them together, but there's nothing I could have said or done that you didn't try."
"You know what I did?"
"Yes.  I know."  He patted her hand.  "I admire you."
She choked up and swallowed past the sting in her throat.  "Why?"
"Because you recognized the reality of your situation.  You realized that you had to let the people decide for themselves.  That's one of the marks of a great leader.  Knowing when not to lead.  Knowing when to get out of the way."
She slumped in her seat and felt a weight fall away.  After a moment, she looked up and said, "I'm sorry."
"For what?"
"At the end of Kobol, once we got to Pollux, I really had a hard time."
"Yeah?"
"I was still feeling betrayed by you and Lord Apollo."  Acastus nodded.  "You kept the whole Cylon thing from me.  You kept the … You concealed how bad things could get at the end."
"We did.  I'm sorry, but we had to."
"I understand.  I thought about it a lot over the years and I got it, eventually."  She smiled, half-heartedly.  "I'm still sorry I got so angry at you."
"Don't be.  What you felt was perfectly human."
Alex smiled again.  "If you see Apollo, apologize to him for me, will you?"
"You had a crisis of faith, did you?"
"Of course.  The world had ended and nothing seemed to be going right."
"Hmm."  Acastus stood and faced the darkness.  "Some might say that's when faith should be the strongest."
"True.  And I faltered, if that's the case."
"Well," he turned toward her again and smirked, "it depends on what you have faith in."
XVI
MACE
972 Years After Colonization

Alexander lay upon a slight incline, nestled between two jagged rocks and covered by dried brush.  He looked out over the mouth of the Bay of Erimiá and watched the tide rise from the Castor Sea.  Six small boats drifted on the waves and the men thereon cast their nets into the water.  He could not see the other side of the bay's mouth, but he knew it was beyond the horizon and the Karpi were there.
His attendant, Petar Hephaiston, sat beneath his master's position, concealed by the rocks, alongside additional rifles and their supplies.  The older man squinted and looked into the sky.  Marking the sun's place, Hephaiston said, "Three hours before midday, marshal."
Without moving, Mace said, "Thank you, serjeant."  
"Any sign?"
The marshal looked toward the horizon again and saw something.  A small shape.  "Possibly.  I need to wait."
Petar reached for his leather sack.  "Do you need the spyglass?"
Alex sighed and looked away from the water and to the rocks below.  His was one of three nests on this hillside keeping watch over the small inlets below.  Mace's position was the highest so his view was best.  "Yes."
The serjeant grunted and handed it up the incline.  Without looking, Mace reached for it and pulled it toward his face.  He knew there was a danger of the sun flashing on its glass or on the brass case, but at this distance, he could risk it.  "Three boats.  Rather far out."
"Karpi?"
As if he needed to confirm it, Alexander studied the dark forms in the spyglass again.  He noted the outrigger-style hulls.  "Yes."
"Aye."  The attendant sat against the hill and lined the three other rifles, the gunpowder, the steel balls, ramrods, and other necessities before himself.  "I am ready, marshal, if you are."
Mace's stomach turned.  He ate a few hours ago, so he knew that wasn't the cause.  Slowly, he pushed out from the cover of the brush and let himself slide down toward Petar.  He knelt by his side and didn't raise his eyes.  He opened his mouth to speak and said nothing.
Hephaiston nodded and looked on the young man with care.  "Conflicted still, lord?"
Alexander looked up at last and met Petar's studying gaze.  "Yes.  All that I said on our way here holds true."
"The Karpi are our brothers in God," Hephaiston recounted.  "They need to eat the same as we."
Mace turned toward his position and saw the butt of his rifle there.  "They have fish on the northern side of the mouth.  They have inlets and natural quays for shellfish and mollusks."
"But on the southern side, we have more."
"The summer has ended and the fish still seek the greater warmth, so they move toward our side.  Yet the Karpi still need to eat."  Alexander looked at Hephaiston and asked, "Were you the marshal, serjeant, what would you do?"
"Oh, master."  Petar shook his head, "I cannot presume …"
"Damn you, man.  We have known each other too long for you to play at being shy."
Hephaiston laughed.  "Aye.  Were I the High Marshal of Argea …" he tapped his finger on his bearded chin and looked skyward, "I would do what the Master and Commander has ordered," Mace shook his head and Petar continued, "and reconcile it, as best I can, with God."
Alexander raised an eyebrow.  "'Reconcile.'"  The attendant nodded.  "What were the Master's orders regarding our deployment, serjeant?"
"To defend, with deadly force, Argea's fishing operations and resources on this side of the bay's mouth."
Mace began to climb toward his position.  "Thank you, serjeant."  He slipped his hands around the stock of the rifle and pushed his torso along the dirt and under the blanket of dried brush.  The three shapes had become four and were now much closer.  Perhaps only three kilometers now.  He looked down toward the Argean boats.  Two of the craft had apparently put in to port to unload their bounty while four others remained on the water.
"Do you need the bell, marshal?"
The bell would ring when he was ready to signal the other two nests to open fire.  He had no intention of using it.  "Not yet."
"Aye."
"Four boats now.  No sign of weapons."
"Their boats are long and carry six men.  Yet so far out, a shadowy fisherman with an oar may become a soldier with a rifle."
"I'll keep that in mind."  Mace lifted the glass to his eye again and kept its casing beneath the brown leaves that covered his head.  He looked toward the first craft and saw bare-chested men with their oars in the water.  In the rear, he spotted a dark-haired woman wearing a light shirt.  There appeared to be a stripe on her sleeve but he wasn't certain if it was a rank.  She had no oar.
"Two kilometers," he said.  Hephaiston nodded and pivoted so he would be in a prime location to aid the marshal.  Alexander looked toward the next nearest boat and saw a man in a similar light shirt to the woman's.  He had no oar, either.  But he did have a rifle.  "There are soldiers on the boats."  Minutes later, he said, "One kilometer."
With a quick glance, he looked at the third and fourth boats and noted the positions of the ones wearing shirts.  Slowly, he raised the meter-long barrel of his rifle and rested the end of it atop a rock.  He put the butt of the stock against his shoulder and raised the sight near his eye.  With the tweak of a small dial, the bead lowered a bit and he had the soldier on the first boat targeted.  She was standing now and holding her rifle, pointed toward the water.
"May God guide my bullet and may my enemy be spared."
With his thumb, Mace pulled the hammer back from the pan and watched.  The boat drifted into view again and he waited for the pause between oar strokes.  When it came, he squeezed the trigger.  The gunpowder in the pan ignited and splashed his cheek with smoke.  The gunpowder in the barrel deafened him and caused the rifle to leap up from its position.
Quickly, he raised the spyglass again and found the woman on the boat.  She was clutching her right arm and her rifle was nowhere to be seen.  He swept to the left and saw the soldier on that craft with his rifle raised.  His eyes, though, were still searching.
Alexander pushed the spent rifle behind him and it slid.  Petar passed the barrel of a fresh one up as the attendant began a quick reload.  Mace pulled the long barrel alongside himself and he rested its end on the rock beneath him, adjusted its sight, and aimed again.
"May God guide my bullet and may my enemy be spared."  He squeezed the trigger.
When he looked through the glass, he immediately found that his bullet had hit the wood of the boat, creating a great gash of jagged splinters.  The soldier was in the water, trying to climb back inside with a wet rifle.
He passed his second spent weapon down toward Hephaiston and took the barrel of the next one.  He looked with the spyglass again and saw the woman barking orders.  The rowers on the boats now had their oars on the same side and were frantically turning around.
"I believe they are turning back."
"Good show, marshal."
Alexander raised the third rifle into position.  He stared after the four boats and they began a quick race toward the horizon.  The shirtless men were rowing furiously.  The soldiers were looking back toward the hillside, two of them had their weapons raised.  Then, through the spyglass, he locked gazes with the woman.  Her face was stone and her eyes were fire staring back at him.  Blood coated her right arm and she held only it as she kept watch on him until they were beyond his sight.
"One hour before midday, marshal."
Mace pushed away from his watch and slid to Hephaiston's side.  "No sign of the Karpi, serjeant."
Petar began to stow his rifle equipment away.  "Were you able to follow the Master's orders?"
"I used deadly force.  God saw fit to draw that force away from their vitals."
The attendant chuckled.  "And it worked."
"Seems so."
"Care for a bite, marshal?"  He began digging in a leather sack again.
Mace grinned and then stopped.  He turned his head to the right and slowly raised his rifle.  Hephaiston saw him and did the same.  After a moment, a teenager in black and red came up the hillside.  The pair relaxed and lowered their weapons.  "Squire?"
"Yes, marshal?"
"When next you approach a secret position, call out.  As a bird, in the least."
"I am sorry, m'lord."
"We nearly parted your skull, boy," Petar said.  He saw that he wore a golden armband and therefore knew he was a runner from home.  "You have a message for us?"
He nodded and stood at attention.  "'For High Marshal Alexander Mace, general of Argea's forces, from Master and Commander Philippa Mace, Prostatis tis Pistis, …'"
Hephaiston rolled his eyes, "Yes, get on with it!"
The boy was distracted and licked his lips as he regained his place in the message.  "'Your presence is requested and required at the Argea Keep as soon as possible.'"
The two men waited and when they saw the runner had nothing to add, they looked at each other.  Alexander asked, "Is that all?"
"Yes, m'lord."
"No reason for my return?"
"No, m'lord."
Mace and his attendant stood and began to gather their gear.  The squire stood to one side and Alexander said, "There are two more hidden positions down the hillside.  You are to tell them that we have been called away."
"Yes, m'lord."
"The next position is half down, and the last is at sea level by the docks.  Tell the half-position that they have main watch."
"Yes, m'lord."  The teen turned and immediately ran into the brush.
"Call out when you near them!" Petar yelled.  The old man shook his head.  "He'll be dead by sun's peak."
The two moved over the mountains to the west and down a steep hill to where their small ship had been moored.  They sailed out from the Bay of Erimiá and turned south along the coast with the high Gramada Mountains on their left.  The sea was calm and they moved quickly.  Night fell but the lights of their dock lay ahead, so they continued.  After securing the small vessel, they climbed carved steps into the mountains and began the six-day hike toward home.  
The paths were initially steep and treacherous, so by the time they tired, they had moved only a few kilometers in the light of their sister planet.  In a shallow cave, they shed their stealthy clothes of earthy fabrics and leathers and put on the finery befitting their stations in the guard of Argea.  Hephaiston set a small fire alight and roasted a fish caught earlier in the day above it.
Alexander leaned against a rock and sipped from his canteen while he looked into the night sky.  The stars were growing bright as the Other had begun to set.  "Petar?  Have you thought more on what I spoke of during our travel here?"
"Hmm."  He turned the fish on the small metal plate.  "Not our conflict with the Karpi, I gather."
"No.  On matters more ethereal."
"I am a lowly orderly, marshal.  I do not concern myself with the realm of theologicians."  Hephaiston smiled as he said it.  When he saw that Alexander was facing him with a tired look, he dropped his pretense.  "I have thought on it.  How might I not?"
Mace looked at the stars again and the sliver of the blue world visible among them.  "I am consumed with it.  I think all the time on the unity of everyone and everything."
Petar sprinkled some herbs on the plate.  "Singularity, you called it."
Alex nodded.  "The Monad."  When he looked at the serjeant again, he asked, "You say you've given it thought.  What are your conclusions?"
Hephaiston sat next to the fire and flicked a bit of fish scales from the red fabric on his shirt.  "The writings we have in all our books and in the stories of the deacons point toward no such unity."  The young man's eyes drifted away and Petar continued, "The Moiri speak of Mithras.  The Karpi and Cavala believe in personal professions of faith.  The Koruthi in the north," he shrugged, "they keep to themselves.  We follow the rituals of the faith from the early days and support the Church."
"And Moranus?" Mace asked.
The old man laughed.  "They worship gold.  How their beliefs square with ours, I do not know."
Ignoring that, Alexander sat up and said, "But do you not see the connective belief among them all?"
"Of course, I do.  That there is but one god."
"And that he loves humanity."
"If that is so, then life itself is a test of faith," Petar said as he sidled up to the fish again to check it.  "No doubt."
"If we all agree that there is one god and that God is love, why do we fight?  Why do we not strive to do good in the world, together?"
Hephaiston thought for a second and then smirked.  "Because we are human, after all."

Six days later, the men descended the last hill and came to walls carved from the stone of the surrounding mountain.  The guards in the watchtower had seen their approach, and when they confirmed his identity, the gate was opened and a cry went out from their number.  Petar squinted after the call and wondered why they would notify the chamberlain of their arrival.  Mace looked ahead because the corner was about to be turned.
The gray and dull beige of the Gramada Mountains had surrounded them for nearly the last week, but as they cleared the arch of the northern gate, the Argean Valley sprawled beneath them.
The white face of the Keep dominated the western side of the valley.  The glittering gray face of the Church sprung from the mountain on the east.  For kilometers toward the south, the land stretched until the Gramadas formed a tunnel of stone, shielding crops and trees from prying eyes.  Wooden and stone homes peppered the long fields and the primary village of the city was nearest them.
Seeing it in this manner was Alexander's favorite experience in life.  Coming through the northern gate to see home spread before him, bathed in the light of the morning, with the face of the Keep reflecting the glow of the sun everywhere in sight.  Petar knew this of his master and he had long endeavored to make sure that they would arrive at the northern gate at this time of day whenever they returned.
The road from the gate was narrower than the main eastern gate, but they could see that citizens were already at work, trading wares and food.  Alexander kept his eyes on the castle carved into the side of the great mountain that overlooked their valley.  The people saw him and bowed.  Mace acknowledged them all, but he never turned away from the Keep.
Hephaiston noticed them more closely, though.  He saw their fear and their concern.  He glanced back at the northern gate's guard tower and saw that the usual flag of Argea – a banner of red and black – was replaced with a banner of simple black.  Petar's heart sank and he believed he knew what had happened.
"Marshal."  He trotted ahead to catch up to Mace.  He was almost through the village and had just passed the inn.  The white of the Keep was nearer.  "Marshal."  The young man was moving quickly and he was eager to reach his home.  He finally slowed when he saw the dark-robed Chamberlain Meleager and with her, the arrayed under-marshals.  "Alexander."  Surprised, he looked over at Petar whose concern frightened him.  "Something has happened."
Before he walked another step, Mace looked at the Keep again and saw the three flags that flew from the upper balconies.  All three were sable.  His heart pounded in his chest and he took a step forward.  With Hephaiston's hand on his arm, Alexander took another and soon, they walked onto the white courtyard of the Keep together.
Meleager bowed low, "Master and Commander."
Mace exhaled all of the air from himself.  He looked again at Petar.  His face contorted suddenly with grief and, when he looked at the young man in his eyes, Hephaiston smiled and gave a slight nod.  He patted Mace's arm and released him.  Alexander faced the chamberlain and simply said, "Let us talk inside."
"Of course, master."
They left the heat of the morning sun and walked into the cool air of the castle.  Servants and attendants lined the halls of the entry chamber and Meleager gestured toward the main staircase.  Hephaiston handed the bundles of their equipment to a draper and a squire and he whispered instructions to them.
Moments later, they arrived on the second floor.  Sunlight continued to enter from the windows facing the east, but the group turned away from the light and passed through a heavy wooden door and into a council chamber.  The room was lit with many candles and lanterns.  Flecks of metal and stone glinted in the flickering light.  Alexander walked to the far side of the room and stood beneath a painting of his grandfather, Myntas.  When Mace turned, he gripped the back of his mother's chair, the seat of the master and commander.
Hephaiston entered the room last and closed the door.  Meleager looked toward him and said, "You may wait outside, serjeant."
"No."  Alexander raised his hand and pressed his palm outward.  "He remains."
The chamberlain bowed and walked around the table to her chair.  She and the under-marshals sat and they all looked upon Mace with grief.  "Master and Commander Philippa Mace was killed four days ago."
A lump formed in his throat and Alexander looked toward the nearest lantern to distract him.  He felt the tears welling in his eyes and he grunted loudly.  "Four days."
"Yes, master."
Just four days ago, he and Petar were still climbing through the Gramadas, on their way home at her summons.  "How … did she die?"
Meleager drew her arms close to her body and firmed her posture.  "She was murdered by Ania Orestis."
Alexander looked at the chamberlain harshly and yelled, "Murdered?!"
She answered, "Yes."  While Mace tried to regain his composure and breath, she continued, "In her attempt to flee, she climbed the eastern wall and fell from a parapet.  She is dead."
He closed his eyes and shook his head.  "Orestis was one of my mother's closest guards.  For years.  Why would she do this?"
"It is believed by some of her fellow guards that Orestis felt owed a promotion to under-marshal.  When the summer festival passed with no such promotion, she killed the master."
"There were rumors, however, master."  An under-marshal stopped speaking, hoping that Mace would call on him to continue.  When he didn't, the man added, "Some say Orestis was paid to assassinate the master by one of the other cities."
At this, Alexander raised his head and faced the under-marshal.  "What evidence is there?  Was her home searched?"
"Yes, master," the under-marshal said.
"And?"
"No excess of money or goods were found.  No correspondence."
Mace looked away.  "Was she hoping to escape the city and claim her bounty elsewhere?"
"A piece of fabric was found not far from the eastern gate, master.  Blue and yellow."  The colors of Cavala.
The chamberlain interrupted, "I should note, master, that the fabric appeared to be aged.  It may have been there for some time."
"I see."  Mace held the tall back of the chair again and pulled it away from the table.  "Has she been buried in the Tombs?"
"She was, master.  I am sorry we could not delay, …"
"No.  I understand."  Finally, he maneuvered himself toward the table and slowly sat in the master's chair.  Once he did, he heaved a great sigh and asked, "Why did my mother summon me home?"
"There is a meeting in ten days' time, master," the chamberlain said.  "A gathering of the leaders of the four cities on Monaxia.  A call for peace was made by the rulers of Cavala and Moiri."
Alexander's mind churned and he felt rage at Cavala.  But if the fabric was old … Orestis may not have been paid.  She may have killed her for her petty reasons.  "I gather my mother accepted the invitation?"
"She did."
"Then we will go."
Meleager withdrew the letter from her robe and said, "The presence of each master, commanding general of their forces, and one attendant each is allowed."
"As I am now the master and commander," Alexander said while he scanned the faces of the under-marshals, "one of you will have to take my place as marshal."  A few leaned forward eagerly.  One even smiled.  Vultures.  "I will let you know in time.  We will depart for Monaxia in two days.  Under-marshals, you are dismissed.  Stay, chamberlain."  The seven men and women stood and walked out of the room.
When the door closed behind them, Meleager said, "One may become marshal while another becomes your orderly.  It is customary for the orderly of the master and commander to be an under-marshal."
"I see."  He looked toward the far wall and saw that Petar was still seated there, hidden in the flickering shadow far from any candle.  "Serjeant, you are hereby promoted to under-marshal."
Hephaiston's eyebrows raised and the chamberlain laughed.  "Master, a serjeant cannot become an under-marshal."
Matter-of-factly, Mace asked, "Why not?"
She glanced back at Hephaiston and then at the master.  "It is the custom that under-marshals shall be born of noble lines."
Alexander forced himself to not roll his eyes.  "Customs may change, chamberlain.  I know Petar to be a good man and I want him by my side."
Meleager lowered her head, "Apologies, master."
"We are all one …" he looked at his attendant and saw the smirk on his face, "one people.  I think we would do better to forget the supposed status that divides us."
Confused, the chamberlain did not press and simply answered, "Yes, master."
"Now.  The under-marshals.  Who among them is most senior?"
"Under-marshal Leonnatus, master."
Good.  He was dignified throughout the meeting.  He was not eager for the possibility of a reward.  "Excellent.  I will notify him myself."
"Of course, master."  She stood from the table and then came to attention beside her chair.  "Is there anything else you require of me, master?"
"No, thank you, chamberlain."  She nodded and turned.  After a quick walk, she was out of the room.
Alexander leaned forward onto his hands and stared at the tabletop.  Across the room, Petar said, "What is on your …"
"Come forward and speak to me," Mace said.  He slapped the table at a position to his right.  "You can sit here now, under-marshal."
Hephaiston laughed and walked toward the seat.  "Thank you for that, master, but you needn't earn her withering gaze on my account."
"I do not mind.  Especially on your account."  Alexander slumped in the chair and looked up toward the intricate carved hawks that were perched on the corners of the back, staring down at him.  
"What is on your mind, master?  A great deal, I wager."
"A great deal."  He looked away from the wooden raptors and leaned onto the table again.  "I would like to eat and then I will descend into the mountain to visit my mother."
Hephaiston nodded.  "Aye."
"And then we will make ready our departure."

For the first time since he was named master and commander, Alexander wore the clothes of that office.  Dark gray pants and shirt.  Over it, a finely woven shield in the colors of Argea, red and black.  Whereas most among the knights wore the shield split vertically with black on the right and red on the left, the master's shield was entirely black but with a large red mountain hawk at the center, its wings swept upward not unlike the symbol of Old Kobol.
"You look well, master," Petar said.  
"Thank you, under-marshal."
Hephaiston stepped behind Mace and adjusted the belt that carried his sword and dagger.  "There is a crowd before the courtyard."
Alexander looked up and held his breath.  "Oh?"
The attendant stepped back and judged the master to be in good order.  "They haven't heard from you since your return.  Nor since your mother's death."
Mace turned away and immediately locked eyes with the portrait of her.  Dark hair, sharply angled cheeks, and piercing eyes.  "I will speak to them, briefly, as we go."
"Very good, master."
When Petar did not leave, Alex turned and asked, "Are we ready?"
"Ready, master."  The old man remained at attention.
"The gear and supplies are on carts …"
"… with squires and drapers, master.  We are ready." 
Mace chuckled and said, "I knew you would be a fine under-marshal."
"It's just a title, master.  I'm performing the same tasks as I did for a decade under your command, but with fancier frocks."
Alexander put his hand on Petar's shoulder and said, "Thank you, my friend."
"Always, master."
"Let us go."
They departed the chambers and descended to the second and then first levels of the Keep.  The castle's attendants and officers were lining the corridors and walls, waiting for the master's departure.  Mace paused at the foot of the grand staircase and took in the sight.  Many times, he had seen his mother prepare to depart and witnessed this same display.  Now it was for him.
Hephaiston and the master walked toward the entrance where they saw the chamberlain in wait.  Alexander stopped next to her and repeated the line he heard his mother say often, "Keep Argea well until my return."
Meleager smiled.  "I will, master and commander.  Good journey to you."
They stepped out into the early morning light and looked across the faces of more than a thousand people who had come to see them away.  The crowd was respectful in the time of mourning and of their new, grieving master, but they smiled and gave him light applause.
Mace walked to the edge of the white stone steps and raised his hands to quiet them.  "My friends and fellow Argeans.  Thank you for coming this morning before my journey and my first actions as your Master and Commander.  I also thank you for your kindness and sympathies following the death of my mother.  Argea will remain in mourning until my return.  Then, the sable flags shall be lowered and we will forge our futures together, if God wills it.  May God bless Argea and her people."
The crowd answered with the traditional response, "And her master."
He smiled, waved again, and moved down the steps toward the waiting caravan.  The citizens respectfully parted and he shook some of their hands.  After a few moments, he moved away from them and met Leonnatus.  "Good morning, marshal."
"Good morning, master."  The gray-haired man bowed and gestured toward the front of the carts.  "The western path awaits us."
"Then let us depart."
While they moved through the village and waved at the people who lined the street, Alexander asked, "How goes the forging of the western pass?"
"The masons expect to reach the Westward Valley by winter's fall.  That will advance their work a great deal and push them beyond the midway point.  But there may yet be a decade or more of work ahead."
The caravan passed through the northern gate and then turned left.  Mace said, "When we return, let us consider doubling our efforts.  Much of what will be discussed on Monaxia could be alleviated if the western pass is complete."
"Absolutely, master."
For almost two days, the group traveled along the path carved through the mountains until they reached the far end of the Westward Valley.  There, the carts were left behind and the group began their four-day hike into the mountains.  From their port on the Castor Sea, they sailed for a day north toward the Bay of Erimiá and turned east into it.  In the morning of the following day, they saw the tall peak of Monaxia, the lonely isle at the center of the bay.
Uninhabited, the island was rocky and mountainous.  No soil suitable for cultivation could be found.  What little freshwater there was could only be gathered with a perilous climb.  The southwestern shore, however, had been eroded by the tides and swells from the sea beyond and left a wide beach of red sand and clear waters as blue as the sky above.
The Argean ship entered the exposed shoals and found one open enough to accommodate their keel.  Squires leapt from the sides of the vessel and moored it to two separate outcroppings of stone.  
"Master."  Hephaiston nudged Alexander who had been guiding the teens in their securing of the ship.  "Cavala."
Mace turned to the right and saw another ship partially hidden behind a small grove of tall yellow and green trees.  He nodded and said, "They are our hosts and we are a day early."
"All the same, master, I will keep my eye on them.  Just in case."
"Thank you, under-marshal."
"Master," Leonnatus said, "our hosts are upon the beach."
Indeed, several people in Cavalan colors were waiting on the red sand and some of their squires came to give aid to the Argeans.  Once the ladder was lowered, a teen placed planks across the shoals to create an adequate if uneven path to the beach.
The leader of the hosts looked on with confusion as the four Argean representatives stepped onto the shore.  Petar raised his staff and the black and red pennant of Argea flapped loudly in the wind.  Once they were within three meters of their hosts, the Argeans bowed.
An attendant among the hosts announced, "Lord of the Satrap of Cavala, Prostatis tis Pistis, Sebastokrator, Governor Urion Seleucus."  The older man removed his ornate, wide-brimmed hat and revealed wavy, black-and-silver hair before bowing low.
Alexander grinned at the man and waited.  When nothing was said, he turned slowly and looked over his shoulder at Hephaiston.  The under-marshal was startled and suddenly realized that protocol dictated he introduce him.  He cleared his throat and loudly announced, "Lord of the Realm of Argea, um, … Defender of the Faith," the master raised his eyebrows, "Master and Commander Alexander Mace."  His voice trailed as his embarrassment overwhelmed him.
Alex bowed again and extended his hand.  "Governor.  Thank you for the invitation."
"And thank you for accepting."  Shaking his hand, he smiled, and looked toward the ship again.  Finally, he asked, "What has happened to your mother?"
He knew he would be asked yet that didn't make saying the words easier.  "I'm afraid my mother has died.  Two weeks ago."
Seleucus gasped and shook his head.  "I am terribly sorry to hear this.  You have my deepest condolences, Alexander.  I always admired her."  He glanced toward the sea.  "A strong leader and respectful."  He placed his hand on Mace's shoulder.  "If there is anything Cavala can do, please.  You need only ask."
Alexander said, "Thank you, governor.  I am appreciative."
"Please," he gestured further up the beach, "this way.  We have refreshments and shelter from the sun."
As they walked toward the scant treeline, Hephaiston ran to Mace's side.  "Master, I am sorry.  It won't happen again."
Mace chuckled.  "It is fine, Petar."
"I will study my Ancient Olympian for the meeting itself."
"Please do."  Still mentally self-flagellating, the under-marshal turned back toward the ship and his satchels.
Under the thatched roof, they found a diamond-shaped assembly of four rectangular tables.  Water and fruit was set on one of the tables.  Hungry and parched, Alexander walked directly toward it and lifted a ceramic cup of water to his lips.
"My dear commander," Seleucus said, "we can serve you what you wish."  He gestured toward the side of the tent where a previously unseen girl emerged with a pitcher.
"Thank you, governor, but my arms function well."  He lifted the cup again, "To you and your hospitality."
Pleased, Urion picked a cup and lifted it.  "And to you.  You could have remained at home and sent word along of what transpired.  No one would blame you."
"Perhaps, but my mother would not forgive me."
The governor nodded and turned.  "Ah.  Our other host is here."  
A red-haired woman came into the tent in silver and white.  A younger man stepped beside her and said, "Lord of the Satrap of Moiri, …"
"Yes, yes," Seleucus said.  "Do that tomorrow.  Come, Daphne."  He took the younger leader by the arm and brought her closer.  "Governor Daphne Perdiccas of Moiri.  Master and Commander Alexander Mace of Argea."
She, too, betrayed her surprise.  As she and Mace shook hands, she asked, "Not that I am displeased to see you again, but what has happened to your mother?"
When Alex opened his mouth to speak, Seleucus interrupted, "She passed away, two weeks hence."
"She was murdered, in fact."
Both leaders looked at him.  "Assassinated?" Perdiccas whispered.  "By whom?"
"One of her guards."  He passed the water cup from one hand to another.  "She was apparently dissatisfied at having been passed over for promotion."  Mace watched the Cavalan's expression closely, but the man revealed only further shock.
"Terrible," Daphne said.
"Unthinkable," Urion said.
"Yes.  Nonetheless, I am here to discuss peace."
"Indeed."  The governor of Moiri gestured toward the table and she sat.  As the other two leaders did, she said, "We have watched with concern as conflict has increased between Karpi and Argea.  Resources in the mountains have proven scarce enough and they are dwindling."
Seleucus said, "There were some skirmishes between my forces and the Moiri, but neither of us wanted an escalation."
"I understand."  Alexander sensed someone behind him and he saw that Petar had returned.  "I have been wary of escalation as well."
Someone ran into the tent and whispered in Urion's ear.  "Ah.  The Karpi have arrived."
The three leaders stood and looked toward the beach.  A woman in ceremonial armor with a green and white sash entered first and looked around.  She removed her helmet with her left hand only and a bound swath of dark hair fell to her shoulder.  
Alexander stared at her and he recognized her immediately.  Before he could say anything, she turned and left the tent again.  He gestured for Hephaiston to approach and when he bent over, Mace whispered a specific instruction to him.
Perdiccas asked, "Ensuring that this was not a trap?"  Seleucus shrugged.
Moments later, a girl in green and white entered the tent.  "Announcing the Lord of Karpi, Prostatis tis Pistis, Sebastokrator, Governor Jason Antipater."
A tall man with a bald head entered.  His large arms held his helmet before his chest and he looked from face to face of the leaders.  When he saw Alexander, he turned to Seleucus and asked, "Where is Philippa?"
"She is dead," Mace said.  "Murdered two weeks ago."
He blinked twice and raised his eyebrows.  After a sigh, he said, "I am sorry, Alexander.  Though I am pleased to see you."
He nearly smiled, remembering meetings he attended with his mother many years before, learning about statesmanship and playing with toys brought from Karpi by this towering figure.  "And I you, governor."
He turned and said, "My daughter and general of our forces, Cassandra."
It was her again.  Alex's eyes drifted to her right arm and he saw that it was wrapped tightly in white beneath her armor.  After the leaders of Cavala and Moiri greeted her, Mace bowed toward her and said, "I welcome you with an apology and a gift."
Her eyes narrowed.  "An apology.  For what?"
"Your injury."
She glanced at her arm.  "And you know how I got this?"  She stepped around her father and moved closer to Alexander.  
He looked out from the tent and saw Petar had returned.  "I do."  He waved him forward and unwrapped the long rifle from its leather.  Urion and Daphne stepped back.  Mace lifted it and held it in his hands, presenting it to her.  "This is the favored among my collection and the first I used that morning at the mouth of the bay."
She looked from the weapon and into his face.  Again, as they were when she sat upon the boat that rowed away, her eyes burned like fire.  "You were on the hillside."
"I was."
She looked at the rifle again.  "And you would bring this here to humiliate me?"
Surprised, Alexander shook his head.  "Not at all.  It is a gift.  To replace that which you lost and to symbolize an end to hostility."
She lifted the weapon from his hands and studied the fine etching and craftsmanship in the metal and wood.  Cassandra looked into Mace's pleased expression and then bluntly hit him in the mouth with the side of the barrel.  He staggered backward into Hephaiston's arms and she said, "And I've given it back to you."  She dropped it onto the sand and stormed out of the tent.
Mace stood and pulled his hand from his face.  He wasn't surprised to find blood there.  Immediately, Antipater was next to him with his hand on Alexander's shoulder.  "Please, commander, I will speak to her.  Thank you for the kindness."  The governor stalked out of the tent and called her name.
"Are you alright, master?" Petar asked.
Alex nodded and ran his tongue against his teeth, tasting blood there, too, but feeling nothing out of place.  "Yes.  I am fine."
"Good."  Hephaiston patted him on the back and waited another moment before saying, "I like her."

The following morning, the under-marshal had his chance to redeem himself.
"Announcing the Lord of the Realm of Argea, Prostatis tis Pistis, Archiereús of the Holy Church, Master and Commander Alexander Mace."
He smiled and nodded once at Hephaiston who winked in return.  Mace entered the tent and stood behind the table marked for Argea and next to Marshal Leonnatus.  He remained still as the other leaders were introduced and he forced himself not to stare at Cassandra.  Last night, she came to him and apologized, begrudgingly.  He knew she didn't want to give it, yet he accepted it.  The announcements were finished and the leaders all sat at their tables.  Alexander drank from the cup of water and found that his lips hurt when he pursed them.  Again, he glanced in her direction and he continued his head's turn from her toward Governor Seleucus.
"I thank you all for traveling so far to be here today.  We have matters of grave concern relating to our four realms."
Mace raised his hand and asked, "Before we begin, may I offer a prayer?"
Urion looked at the other leaders and said, "Of course.  Thank you, commander."
Alexander placed his hand over his heart and said, "May the One, True God look upon this meeting that we may partake of his wisdom.  May God guide us safely home at its conclusion.  So say we all."
The others fully expected the leader of the ritualistic Holy Church to be longwinded, so they were stunned when he finished.  Haphazardly, they responded, "So say we all."
"Since the conflict that inspired this meeting is between Karpi and Argea, I would like to begin there," Seleucus said.  "Governor Antipater, if you would."
The large man was imposing even as he sat still.  He leaned forward and said, "For all our history, Karpi has been free to fish from the Bay of Erimiá.  This was uncontested until four years ago, when we saw the banners of Argea on the southern shore of the mouth.  Being friends, we believed, we asked the master and commander about this, and we were told that Argea was staking their claim to the mouth of the bay and the food found on the southern shore.  We attempted to fish as before, but conflict arose.  Blood has been spilled on both sides and some lives have been ended.  And it must stop."
Seleucus looked toward Alexander.  "Commander."
As he straightened in his chair, he saw the shoulders of the marshal sag.  Mace briefed him on what he would be saying on their journey and Leonnatus was not pleased.  "Thank you, governor.  And, Governor Antipater, you are correct.  Karpi and Argea have been friends and I would have us be friends again."  The bald man narrowed his eyes.  "Something came between us and that is a thing all of us must weigh.  The needs of our people.  I will tell you what transpired and you will know why my mother acted as she did."
"The Argean Valley is large and populous, but it is not infinite.  Its resources, nestled in the mountains, are not easily renewed.  Crop yields have declined for years and we consulted our farmers and scholars.  The soil is losing its potency."  Being so honest, he looked at everyone else for encouragement, though only Perdiccas and Seleucus seemed so generous at the moment.  "We do not know how long the soil has left.  We have attempted to transplant soil from the eastern road, near the plateau.  We have allowed fields to lie untouched for a year to see if that revitalizes them.  Nothing is certain at this point.  Still, four years ago, faced with these facts, my mother decided that we should not wait for our soil experimentation.  Argea would have to find another means to feed our citizens.  The sea and the bay are nearby.  Thus, we laid claim to the southern shores of the mouth."
Antipater nodded.  "I understand her predicament.  Yet why would she not ask us for aid?"
Alexander inhaled deeply and said, "History lay upon the valley like a blanket and it is very thick.  Argea has long been the largest and strongest of our cities.  Home of the Church.  I do not know for certain, but if I were able to ask, I would suppose that she would not want great Argea to appear weak."
The governors of Cavala and Moiri looked at each other.  Then, Seleucus said, "This is not a weakness.  Our two cities are so aligned out of need.  Cavala, my lovely home, has far fewer parcels of farmland than does Argea, and that land has long grown barren.  Our hunting and fishing have helped ease the burden, but it is the help of Moiri's fertility that has kept us alive."
Antipater seemed stunned by this.  "You've said naught to me."
"We increased our purchases of fishing vessels you make," Urion said.  "That is all."
"The silver veins of Moiri have failed.  The last of it was taken from under the mountain when I was a child."  Daphne shook her head and said, "We have expanded our farming east, closer to lands held by polytheists.  Trade in food is all that keeps my city alive."
Jason stared at the other leaders.  "I had no idea."
"I believe that was the aim," Mace said.  "None of us desired to show weakness, lest the memory of old conflicts arise and give way to thoughts of opportunity."
Antipater looked at his daughter and then faced forward.  She grabbed his arm and whispered, but the governor spoke anyway.  "The northwest bay.  Home of the blue spikefish.  They are gone.  Their population was reduced by our fishing, but three years of red blooms have driven the northwest bay clear of almost all life.  We have had to increase our fishing near Monaxia and in the mouth."  He exhaled quickly, as though a weight had been removed from him.  "And iron."  Cassandra shook her head and sat away from the table.  "There is no more ore to be found along the Karpi Spur, it seems."
The leaders sat in silence.
Finally, Alexander said, "All of our cities have needs.  The others may be able to provide.  Governor, the Argean Valley has laterite.  I would be happy to arrange for Karpi to aid us in its mining."
Stunned, Jason sat up.  "Commander.  I do not know what to say."
"Governor Seleucus, while we cannot share crops with you as Moiri has, we would be happy to share with you what we have gathered on our own soil issues, should that aid you."
Urion smiled and lowered his head.  "Thank you, commander.  We would be most grateful."
"Governor Perdiccas, while we have no silver to share, I would welcome you to Argea so you can see our stonesmiths and masons at work.  Perhaps there are methods you do not have in Moiri and an unknown treasure awaits you."
She smiled and said, "Thank you, commander.  And I would happily share our information about soil and farming with your people."
"Thank you."  Mace sipped his water again and said, "For too long, our four realms have been separated.  There is more that binds us than divides us.  Chief among them is our unwavering belief in God and the love of God."  The others nodded and Alexander continued, "I think we should treat each other as one in The One.  We are together.  Helping our neighbors strengthens the whole."
After a moment, Antipater stood and removed his belt.  He dropped his sword to the ground and walked around the table to the side of Alexander, who was now beginning to stand.  "Commander, Karpi joins with Argea as one in The One."  Mace smiled broadly and shook his large hand.  Soon, they were joined by Seleucus and Perdiccas who said the same.
After a few hours of discussions and the arranging of trade routes and visits, the sun began to set.  The governor of Cavala began to adjourn them but Mace raised his hand.  "If I may, I propose another meeting for us all in three months' time."
"Three months?" Urion asked.
"Yes.  I would like to gather the leaders of all the monotheist realms in the mountains.  We should go to Moranus."
Antipater laughed.  "They do not concern themselves with our goings on.  I do not know if they even concern themselves with God."
"I cannot speak to the faith of another," Mace said, "but they have professed support for the Holy Church in the past.  In my lifetime, in fact.  If we are resolved to aid all believers in The One True God, that includes Moranus."
"By way of the Western River," Daphne said, "Moiri has some communication with them.  I will inquire."
"Thank you, governor."  Alexander looked at the others and asked, "What of the Koruthi?"
"They are nearest us," Seleucus said, "but we have no dealings with them.  Still, I will send word."
"Thank you," Mace said.
"As Karpi has the largest vessels for use upon the seas," Jason said, "I would invite you all to sail with us south to Moranus, should they accept."
Alexander smiled, "Very kind, governor.  Thank you."
Once the leaders said their goodbyes, the sun had set and the Cavala and Moiri vessels departed.  The tent was illuminated by lanterns and candles and the Argeans were eating there before retiring to their ship to sleep before setting out in the morning.  Cassandra stepped inside and said, "If I may."
"Please, general."  Mace pointed to an empty seat.
"I would prefer to speak with you alone, commander."
Alexander prepared to stand but Hephaiston and the others did first.  "We'll be outside if you require us, master."
They departed and Cassandra sat in the chair next to Mace.  She hesitated and couldn't seem to look at him in the face.  "I have come to apologize to you, commander."
"You already apologized to me.  Last evening."
"I did, though that apology was on behalf of my father."  Finally, she looked into his eyes.  "This is on behalf of myself.  I listened to all you said today and it spoke to me, profoundly, in a spiritual way."
"I am honored you were so moved."
"I am hopeful that we all may work together for the glory of The One."  She stood and he followed.  "Thank you again."
"No," he shook her hand, "thank you."  He looked around and didn't see the case.  "Would you like the rifle?"
She smiled and Alexander felt lightheaded at the sight.  "I will not deny that I would like it, as mine is lost," Cassandra said.  "In the time that I held it, I could see that it was quite lovely."
"Yes.  It was a gift from my mother when I was named marshal of Argea."
She seemed stunned and shook her head.  "I could not take such a treasure."
"You are not taking it.  I am giving it to you."  He waved for Hephaiston and said, "There is a difference."  
Alexander presented her with the rifle again and she accepted it graciously.  The Karpi sailed for home and, after the sun's rising, the Argeans sailed for theirs.  The master and commander felt that he had finally done good in the world.
XVII
SINAS
972 Years After Colonization

Niobe stood motionless in the tent.  She looked upon the map alongside her fellow lords with her arms clasped behind her back and studied the contours of the dry river, the road by it, the trees and hills that would give their forces cover, and the models representing them.
"By the break of day," the highsword said, "the First, Second, and Third Landfyrds will march along the road in the company of the First and Second Horsefyrds."  The lord moved his pointing stick through the path toward the model wall.  "The fabri of each unit will deposit their payloads, and then, we will continue into Dobruja."
"Lord," Denis Prozi, commander of the Second Horsefyrd, said, "their forces will see our approach, even in the dark before dawn."  He leaned over the table and pointed at the map, "If they have time, they will guard these ridges and fire upon us before we reach the walls.  If we might send for our cannon, they may make short work of the dam and any defense …"
"No," Highsword Anatoli Pachis interrupted and shook his head.  "We will march and ride quickly.  We have our own bowmen and gunmen.  Enough to overcome them."  Prozi looked down and then Pachis turned to Sinas.  "Your Third Horsefyrd will bring up the rear along the road.  Once the walls are breached, you will ride into the city and turn east for the dam."
Niobe scowled.  "Could I not ride into the dry riverbed before the wall?  If the horsefyrds and landfyrds are engaged at the ridge and have not yet breached it, the riverbed would be the only way to approach the dam."
The highsword stepped away from the map and broke his stick in two.  He threw the pieces at the table and yelled, "Who among the lords of Calafatis was named highsword by the high priest?!"  He tugged at the blue velvet jerkin he wore, "Who was given this by the Threfold?"
"You, my lord," another said.
Pachis nodded.  "I am highsword and this is the plan of our attack."  He backed away from the table again and said, "Study it well and then take what sleep you may.  Rise two hours before the sun."  The man left the tent and the other lords looked at one another.
Prozi faced Sinas and said, "You are right to be concerned."
"As are you.  Lord Pachis underestimates Dobruja."  She began to exit the tent and said, "At our peril."
After advising the leaders of her fyrd, she did not sleep.  Niobe walked into the woods nearby and came upon a group of pikemen whispering in the dark.
"Who goes there?"
"Lord Sinas."
One revealed a lantern and immediately bowed toward her.  "Forgiveness, m'lord.  We expected no one so far from camp."
She sat next to him on a log and looked across the tired faces that now stared at her.  "You are keeping watch on the north treelines?"  They nodded.  "Where is your relief?"
"No relief, m'lord."  Another of the men laughed.  "We were given this task by Highsword Pachis himself."
"And he expects you to march into battle in the morning?  After a full night's watch?"
The pikeman with the lantern nodded with a sigh.  "It seems so, m'lord."
Niobe stood and said, "Mars preserve us."
The pikemen chuckled and said, "So say we all."
She walked away from the men and toward the end of the trees.  A dusty field lay beyond.  No surprise, as the desert was reaching even near Dobruja.  The light was fading as the other world set.  She stared at the road that disappeared in the north.  Their target was over the horizon and she felt that they were waiting.
Sinas returned to her tent and read the scriptures.  Words of Neptune, the guidance of Apollo, the song of Minerva.  She touched the appropriate beads of her bracelet as she thought of each god and finished with the prayer of the priest, separated from Old Kobol and alone on a new planet.  She had read it many times before, but there were some phrases that touched her anew.  "'Lead us from falsehood to truth, from darkness to light, from death to immortality.'"
As she considered the passage, she fell asleep in her chair.  An hour later, she was awakened by her aide.  "Lord Sinas?  It is time."
Niobe stood from her chair and walked toward her trunk.  "Then let us make war."
She stood still as Esme removed her leather shirt and slid a clean white one over her head.  A shirt of dark mail was removed next and then put onto her torso.  Given her lack of sleep, the weight of the rings caused her to sink.  She felt a comfort in tradition, wearing mail and armor as many other fighters had before.  Advances in weaponry might have meant that such dress was unneeded, but enough of her enemies still used blades and arrows, thus making it useful.  The aide moved quickly and, minutes later, Sinas was fully dressed for battle.  "My lord."
Esme was holding the dark blue coat that Niobe would wear, with extra padding over her breastplate.  As was her tradition, the lord kissed her fingers and then pressed them against the golden outline of a boat with a triangular sail.  She then turned and her aide slipped it over her arms.  Despite her heavy gauntlets, Niobe was able to quickly tie the coat shut.
"My lord," someone called.  "The highsword is asking for your presence."
"I will attend."  Esme held up her belt with sheaths for both her sword and dagger.  Sinas took it and fastened it about her waist with the sword against her left hip as she walked toward her horse, Arufei.  She smiled and brushed her hand through the hair at his neck.  "My friend.  I hope you have slept for I have not."  The animal snorted and she stepped onto the block Esme had placed beneath the saddle.  Effortlessly, Niobe rose into position and prepared to trot away from her tent.
After passing her dark iron helmet to her, Esme called out, "May the gods go with you."
"And you," Sinas responded.
She made it to the mustering point and found all the lords in position.  "Good of you to join us, my lady."  Pachis was struggling to remain still on a horse that didn't seem to enjoy bearing him.  Niobe nodded toward him once and then saw the knowing looks from the others.  The highsword raised his above his head and said, "May Mars guide our swords, may Neptune free the river, and may Jupiter strike down our enemies!  Get to your fyrds and begin the march!"
Sinas turned Arufei away and galloped to the end of the field where she saw the banner of the Third Horsefyrd.  She rode the length of her group's ranks for a quick inspection and saw that her two hundred men and women were ready.  She returned to the front and pulled alongside her signifier.  "Good morning, Grega."
"Good morning, my lord.  I hope you slept."
"You know I did not." 
"Perhaps you may rest in our pleasurable jaunt to the dam."
Sinas shook her head.  "Were that the way of things ahead, I would be greatly pleased."
Grega laughed and adjusted the flag's pole in its holder.  The three landfyrds began their quickened march ahead of them and disappeared into the trees.  "I have a gift for you."  She held a leather bundle out from herself and the lord took it.  "You said after our last engagement that you wished you had something of the kind."
She unwrapped it and saw a sheath, but it was not a dagger.  "A short rifle?"  She removed it from its holster and studied the brass hammer and pan.
"Be wary.  It is loaded for action."
Niobe grinned and lowered it to her lap.  "I thank you greatly, Grega."
"My pleasure, lord.  My brother is a smith.  I told him of your needs and he crafted this."
"Should I fire it, how shall I load it again?
"The sheath has two pouches.  The larger," she pointed at it, "carries bundles ready to be inserted down the barrel, flat end first.  Use this," she touched a small rod beneath the barrel, "to pack it tightly.  The smaller pouch carries smaller bundles to be clipped in the pan for the hammer to strike."
"Magnificent."  She placed the weapon against her right hip.  "I will pay your brother a visit upon my return and reward him."
"Let us see how it performs in battle first."  After she nodded, Grega sidled closer to her and spoke softly, "I have been your signifier for years, and a calarets in your fyrd for years prior.  What more can you share of this plan that you did not last night?"
Niobe watched the First and Second Horsefyrds begin to enter the woods.  She faced her and said, "Only that I have grave concerns about our success and survival."
The signifier said, "That much was clear from your tone last night."
"Then little has changed.  Forward."
Grega swept the banner side-to-side three times and then tipped it ahead.  At once, the horsefyrd moved out and followed the other groups into the forest.  They passed among the trees quietly for several minutes and emerged on the dying grass fields beyond.  Seeing that the landfyrds had already passed over the hill and that the horsefyrds were close behind, she said, "Double time."
The signifier swept the banner side-to-side twice and tipped it forward twice before resting it against her leg again.  The cavalry pushed ahead and up the road toward the crest.  "No artillery."  When Sinas didn't answer, Grega said, "Artillery could have accomplished this with ease."
"But without glory for the highsword.  Eyes ahead."
Her companion took the hint and watched the last of the units go over the crest.  As they got closer, they saw the danger in the landscape.  The space to the left of the road continued to rise, but the road dipped below it and turned to the right toward the newly dry riverbed.
Her chest tightened and her stomach rumbled.  She realized that she had forgone breakfast, though she often did before battle.  Still, her eyes drifted along the ridge on their left that continued to rise above them some fifty meters away.  She looked behind and saw that the last of the horsefyrd had crested the hill.  Now they were all in the open with the walls of Dobruja some ten kilometers ahead.
They trotted for several long minutes in the pre-dawn light before the first shot was heard.  
Immediately, Sinas looked toward the ridge and she saw the silhouettes of dozens.  Arrows crossed the air between them and long shadows of rifles were raised and aimed.  
"Move forward!" she yelled.  
When the Third Horsefyrd burst into a gallop, the first real volley of Dubroja weapons was fired.  They heard the plinking of the rounds into the armor of their soldiers and horsemen.  Several fell.  The lords over the landfyrds signaled their people to move into ranks.  Bowmen and gunmen alike took aim and began to fire.
All three units of cavalry, though, had nowhere to go.  The road was clogged with the infantry as they returned fire.  "Keep moving!" Niobe yelled.  "Keep moving!"  If they were still, they were a high-value target for one of their archers or shooters.  Eventually, the Third Horsefyrd began to swirl haphazardly behind the stalled forces of the other calvary and the ranks of landfyrds.  
When a bullet struck a calarets near her and an arrow broke against her own chestplate, Sinas reached onto the rear of the horse and raised her shield up with her left arm.  Keeping it between herself and the ridge, she moved toward Grega.  "Glasses!  What sign from the highsword?"
The signifier looked through a long wooden tube toward the First Horsefyrd nearly a kilometer away.  She shook her head.  "Lord Pachis is running in circles in the road!  He's yelling.  Arguing, it seems, with Lord Prozi."
She moved closer to Grega and raised the shield higher to protect her.  "Keep your eye upon the highsword and his signifier."  She turned a little to the left and quickly spotted her counterpart with a more ornate banner.  An arrow hit her shield, causing it to jostle against her helmet.  "Any news?"
"None."
She looked ahead and squinted.  Over the haze of dust from the road and smoke from their rifles, she could see the outer limits of Dubroja.  Order the horses ahead!  Leave the landfyrds here to fight them!  Do it!
"The horsefyrds should press on to the walls, yes?" her signifier asked.  Though she didn't see her, she nodded in response.  More gunfire from the ridge.  More arrows.  She saw two of her calarets fall from their mounts.  "Lord Prozi has been struck!  He is off his horse … "
Niobe growled and pulled Arufei even closer to Grega.  "What sign from the highsword?"
Breathing quickly, she waited and moved her spyglass from Pachis to his signifier.  After a long moment, Grega shook her head and said, "None."
Sinas sharply inhaled and adjusted her place in the saddle.  "Then Pluto may take him."  She looked to the right at the empty river and pointed with her right hand.  "To me!"  She pressed her steed on and stood in her stirrups.  Behind her, her signifier swirled the banner of the Third Horsefyrd and almost two hundred cavalry units poured over a short ridge and down into the riverbed.
The horsefyrd thundered ahead and over the small trickle at the bed's center.  Many of the calarets had to jump or dodge trees and limbs that had been stranded there as the river vanished in the last year.  Above them, still on the road, the three landfyrds fought against the Dubroja while the two horsefyrds remained in confusion.  
At the point of the attack, Niobe withdrew her sword and aimed it ahead.  She could see the buildings of Dubroja begin to focus.  The wall of the city was even visible.  Around another bend, however, stood her target.  The dam.
It rose ten meters from the floor of the bed to come even with the land that had surrounded the river only to then rise another twenty meters and become a great wall itself.  Large tree trunks had been placed as bracing along the bed and onto the river's side.  Brick and cement were used alongside enormous planks of wood to create a formidable barrier.  A barrier that had blocked one of the world's great rivers to create a new lake for one city and nearly killed another.
"Fabri!" she yelled.  She slowed her approach as the dam stood overhead.  Sinas looked about its surface and saw no ports through which archers or gunmen could fire or even spy their coming.  To her left, above the bank of the dry river, the wall of the city stood some two hundred meters away.  She could see someone there, but she could not tell if her horsefyrd had been spotted.
Forty calarets came forward with large sacks.  Eight people dismounted and took the packages, placing them against the bracings and at the opening of the small culvert that vented a mere whisper of the river's once-ferocious roar.  After carrying pairs of cord from bundle to bundle, the fabri waved and Sinas said to Grega, "Fall back.  To me."  She swirled the flag again, tipping it backward and then pointed at their lord who now rode for the nearest side of the bank.
When she reached the top, she looked down into Dubroja and heard the alarm bell sound from the wall nearest them.  Niobe turned and saw smoke and sparks rising from the fuses that had been lit.  She faced the nearest guard tower and gave a slight salute from the side of her helmet before turning Arufei toward the road.  The Third Horsefyrd stormed out of the riverbed and the payload exploded.
The bracing trunks were naught but a shower of splinters that rained all around the dam and sent spikes into the ground and toward the escaping riders.  The culvert ruptured open and the trickle of water gushed forth as the planks popped outward throwing bolts and screws away like shrapnel.  A calarets of Sinas received one such souvenir when a nail embedded itself in his leg.  The wrenching and snapping of wood echoed across the river valley and the road while cement crumbled and metal supports warped.  The river broke free and flowed into its old home anew, draining the lake that Dubroja had crafted.
The exhilaration that Niobe felt was short lived.  While her horsefyrd cheered their success, she looked toward the city gates of Dubroja that now opened and spilled pikemen onto the path.  Her eyes moved away from them and along a slope that became a ridge to her left.  She knew if she followed it, in a few kilometers, she would overtake those who fired upon her fellow forces.
"To me!"  She rode off again and Grega swirled the banner.  Some of the enemy along the city walls fired their rifles, but their bullets found no marks.  The horsefyrd turned onto the hill and rode along the ridge at speed.  As they went, she thought they had left the road some ten minutes before, perhaps longer.  Surely, she hoped, the other units would have moved or perhaps even dispatched their assailants.  When she crested a hill and saw enemy archers and riflemen ahead, still taking aim over the edge toward the road below, she knew they had not.
She withdrew her weapon and raised it high.  "Swords!"  Her calarets obeyed and the cavalry spread apart so that they may wipe across the space ahead and leave none untrampled.  The volley of fire from their guns deafened them, she thought, so they did not hear the horses' approach.  Arufei himself crushed several people while Niobe's own sword slew some.  Within a few minutes, the Third Horsefyrd had wiped out almost five hundred soldiers.
"Lord Sinas!" someone yelled from below.  "I feared you had abandoned us!" 
She brought her horse alongside Grega, who held her unit's banner high.  "Never."
Lord Pachis ran up to the edge of the road – on foot – and cried, "You disobeyed my orders!  You …"
"I performed my task, highsword.  Look."  She pointed her sword at the riverbed just as the first wave refilled it.  The sound of rushing water nearly drowned the cries of joy from the men and women below, but Pachis continued to yell.  
"How are we to advance the plan now when you have torn it asunder?!"
"We ride, highsword!  Find your horse and ride!"  Niobe stood again, raised her sword, and pointed north.  "To the city, fyrds of Calafatis!  To the city!"  The men and women below yelled in response and gathered their gear.  The horsefyrds moved ahead and the landfyrds ran after.
A kilometer later, Sinas looked over the ridge to the road below and saw that the two other cavalry units were still keeping pace with hers.  "Grega!"  She maneuvered her horse closer and said, "Warn them of the pikemen!"  She nodded and made ready to signal with her banner.  "Then look ahead with your glass to mark their places!"
"Aye, lord!"  She rode closer to the edge and caught the eyes of the signifiers below and gave the indications needed.
Minutes later, the road and the ridge curved down toward Dubroja.  The assembled armies were there, outside the gate.  Their own cavalries were visible inside.
"Hirelings, lord!  Easterners!"
Sinas nodded.  She could see their dull armor and lack of colors from this far away.  That Dubroja had stooped to buying the swords of mercenaries was no true surprise.
"Pikemen!" Grega said.  "On the road!"
Not on the ridge …  "Signal them to slow!"  She did so and the other two horsefyrds fell back.  Niobe pushed forward and she nodded at her signifier, who knew what she was thinking.  
The Third Horsefyrd stormed down the ridge and they saw a flurry of activity among the enemy infantry.  She knew that they had realized their mistake.  Sinas led her unit in a wide sweep from the ridge to the right and across the road.  The enemy pikemen had no opportunity to reposition and cover their flanks, and thus they were trampled.
As the Third Horsefyrd busied themselves dispatching nearly two thousand soldiers, the First and Second Horsefyrds met the battle.  Soon, they drove into the city itself and fought the native cavalry, some eight hundred strong.  Surrounded by walls peppered with archers and riflemen and facing a superior number of their equals, the two horsefyrds withdrew beyond the gates, drawing the calvary out.  There, the Calafatis landfyrds entered the fray, and their pikemen were ready.
With the enemy army nearly finished, Niobe turned toward the calvary streaming from the city and she pushed her unit into theirs.  When she rushed her third enemy horseman, her sword lodged in the shoulder armor of the woman who fell from her horse.  Sinas turned Arufei around and meant to lean over for it, as the hilt still stood from the body.  When she moved, another enemy moved into her way, crashing his sword against her shield.  She pushed him back with a butt from Arufei's head and pulled the short rifle from her side.  She pushed it against the underside of her gloved shieldhand, so as to draw the hammer back.  When it locked, she lowered her shield and pointed the weapon at his chest.  She pulled the trigger, and the quick and loud firing of the powder in the pan and in the barrel surprised them both.  The blast blew a steel ball through his plate armor and he slumped back immediately.  While he fell from the saddle and died, she holstered the short rifle and pulled her sword away from her previous victim.
Between the bowmen and gunmen of the landfyrds, the pikemen, and the swords of the horsefyrds, the Dubroja cavalry, infantries, and mercenaries were nearly gone.  Sinas pulled Arufei to the gates and signaled for her group to move behind the walls and toward the estate of the governor.  
They crossed nearly a kilometer of farmland before reaching the city itself.  The windows and doors of every building they passed remained closed.  Though the sun had risen, no one could be seen.  The square was empty and the estate lay at the opposite end.  Lining the green grass before the brick and wood building, a line of armed soldiers in red coats stood.  Sinas held the cavalry back for a moment.  She heard more hooves on the stones behind her and soon, the First and Second Horsefyrds had entered the square.  
"Signal the First to fall back and circle the city center," she said.  Grega complied while she reloaded her weapon.  A few moments later, one of the horsefyrds departed, but two of the three landfyrds entered.  Niobe nodded and her signifier smiled.  "Yes.  I was waiting for our numbers to be overwhelming.  With me, alone.  Sheathe your sword."  
"What of the highsword, m'lord?"
She looked at Grega and she grinned.  After scoffing, she said, "He may join me in the governor's mansion when he arrives."
She and Grega put their weapons away and they slowly rode toward the edge of the estate.  The soldiers kept their rifles aimed at them and Sinas raised her right hand in greeting.  "May I speak to your captain?"
The young guards nearest her looked at each other nervously and then over their shoulders.  An older man in a more decorative hat approached.  "I am the captain of the Governor's Guard."
"Greetings, captain."  Matter-of-factly, she continued, "The armies of Dubroja have been felled this day."  There was a quick whisper among the many guards.  "The fyrds of Calafatis still number more than three thousand strong.  Now, should you hold forces elsewhere within the city walls that may drive us back, that may change your fortunes.  As it stands now, the city is ours."
The captain lowered his head and exhaled.  "What is your wish?"
"Firstly, I would wish for your Guard to stand down.  There is no more need for blood."
The captain looked around and withdrew his sword from his belt.  He raised it high and then turned it sideways before approaching the side of Arufei.  "I surrender them to your care."
Sinas nodded and took the sword.  "Thank you, captain.  Secondly, I wish to speak with the governor.  I presume he is inside."
"He is, my lord," he turned and looked at the highest point of the building, "though I do not believe he will descend the tower, regardless of our defeat or surrender."
"I see.  Send your guard home, captain.  There are no more duties for them today."  The captain watched her as she and Grega moved their horses beyond the line and onto the long lawn of the estate.  The stone tower dominated the left side of the building and there were windows near the top.  Four, in total, facing each of the compasspoints.  
"Movement, m'lord."
"I saw."
They stopped their horses at the base of the tower, some twenty meters beneath the windows.  She looked up and called out, "Governor of Dubroja!  I am Lord Niobe Sinas, commander of the …"
There was a gunshot.  A puff of smoke emerged from the window above and a lead ball blew a tuft of grass and soil up from the ground by her horse.  She and Grega looked down at it and then back at the tower.
"There is no need for that, governor!"
"I did not strike you on purpose!" he cried.  "I do not want to hurt you."
"He missed," Grega said, "but not on purpose."
"Governor, the landfyrds and horsefyrds of Calafatis have overtaken your city!"  She could see him frantically trying to reload his rifle.  "Your infantry and cavalry are gone!  The battle is over!"
He leaned from the window with the rifle in his hands.  Seeing this, Sinas slowly removed her short rifle from its holster and brought it to her lap.  Her signifier looked at her movements and smiled, watching as she pulled its hammer back using the horn of her saddle.
"I will not surrender the city!"  He brought the weapon to his eye and began to line her up in its sights.  She raised hers quickly and fired.  The round struck the wall near the window and in panic, the governor dropped his weapon from the tower.  It broke apart upon impact.
As he whimpered, she sighed.  "Governor, who mans their posts at the entrance to the tower?  Is it the Governor's Guard?"
He paused and finally said, "Yes."
Niobe picked up the sword from her side and held it aloft.  "The captain of the Guard surrendered this to me.  They have been dismissed."
"No!"
"There is no one to keep us from your tower, so we are coming in."  She turned Arufei from under the window and Grega followed.  A moment later, both had dismounted and quickly lashed their horses to the hitch by the main entrance.  The lord and signifier walked up the steps as a servant pushed open the two wide doors.
The young woman moved to the side and lowered her head.  "My lady."
Sinas nodded at her and looked across the lowered heads of several other servants in the foyer of the mansion.  "You may go about your work.  You have nothing to fear from us."  Unsure, they slowly looked up.  An older man turned back for the kitchen and soon the rest trickled away, too.
Sinas and Grega walked down a long hallway and saw two members of the Governor's Guard by a locked metal door.  She raised the captain's sword and the two men glanced at each other.  "Your captain surrendered to me.  You are free to go."  Also unsure, the duo looked at her and then each other again before walking away from their posts.
When she approached the metal door, she heard a lock turning inside.  A moment later, it was pushed open and a dowdy man with curly hair peeked around the edge.  "You were right," he said.  "They've abandoned me."
She bowed toward him and said, "I am Lord Niobe Sinas, commander of the Third Horsefyrd from the Holy City of Calafatis.  In the name of Jupiter and the high priest of the Helernus Basilica, I call on you to step down."
He maneuvered out of the entrance and let the heavy door slam shut.  He glanced around nervously.  "You expect me to surrender the keys to the city?"
"I would prefer that you did.  If you do not, I will have to kill you."  
His wide eyes blinked quickly and he took a step backward.  "I see."  He started to walk down the long hallway back to the main entrance, but instead of turning right and out the front door, he turned left.  The walls of the wide hall held dozens of portraits and maps.  There were statues of the gods, too.  The governor opened a door and then held it for the invaders.  As they walked inside, he said, "This is the Council of Three."  Sinas looked across the bright room.  Two women and a man were seated at three sides of a square table.  They stood slowly and bowed.  
"Excellent.  When new members are seated, please surrender your records to them."  Niobe looked at the governor and said, "Now, sir.  The keys."
"Yes.  Of course."  He walked beyond the Council and toward a large, framed painting of a shining white temple on a mountaintop.  He pulled the corner and the frame opened on a hinge, revealing a wall compartment.  Her eyebrows raised and he turned around with an iron ring and several large keys.  He walked back toward her with his head low and said, "I … surrender the city of Dubroja to you, Lord Sinas."  He placed the ring in her hand and cleared his throat.  "I ask that you take counsel with the gods and rule mercifully."
"Do not fear, sir.  We will."  
Niobe and Grega left the room and then the mansion itself.  As they stood by their horses, unhitching them from the post, the signifier said, "Highsword."
"Hm?"
"Highsword."
"Oh."  She turned and watched as the stewing man rode up on a horse different from the one he had started the day on.  
"Lord Sinas!"  He almost fell off the horse and immediately stomped up to her.  Several other calarets rode up, too.  Out of breath, he said, "You are in grave trouble!"
"Am I?"  She glanced at Grega and then climbed onto her saddle.  
"Yes!  You disobeyed my orders and usurped command of my forces!"
"I led our people to victory, highsword."  She tossed the heavy ring of keys to him and had to stifle a grin as he fumbled to catch them.  "I secured the surrender of the governor.  The city of Dubroja is yours now."  He looked at her with surprise.  "That is what you wanted.  Is it not, Governor Pachis?"
His mouth hung open and he turned to the open door of the mansion.  He walked up the steps and saw the servants begin to line up along the foyer's walls.  He looked down at her and said, "You are relieved of your command, Lord Sinas!"
"I see."  She bowed toward him and said, "Then I will take my leave of you, governor."
"Wait!  Wait here!"  He darted into the mansion and yelled, "Bring me pen and paper!"  
As she sat upon her horse, she reloaded her weapon.  Calarets and lords alike walked and rode past.  All of them saluted and smiled at her.  She returned their greetings in kind.
Minutes later, a young woman emerged with an envelope.  "M'lady, the governor bade me give you this."
Grega took it and passed it to Niobe.  It was closed with still-warm red wax, sealed with the mark of Dubroja.  On the front of the envelope was written, "High Priest of Calafatis."
"Thank you," Sinas said.  She slipped the letter into the bag at her side and turned Arufei away from the mansion.
"Shall I come with you, lord?" Grega asked.
Niobe looked over her shoulder and said, "No, thank you.  The Third Horsefyrd still have need of a signifier and only I was relieved."
"Mm."  She glanced into the mansion and muttered, "I could go in there and tell him what I think of him.  That may get me relieved."
"Or put in stocks.  Or a noose."  She smiled and said, "Thank you, my friend.  I shall see you again soon."  The lord rode away from the governor's estate and through the village of Dubroja as criers announced the news of their defeat and absorption by their adversary.

The ride southeast, back home, could have taken just two days, but she stopped for rests and meals whenever she pleased.  When she rose in the morning, she continued and arrived at the gates of Calafatis before noon.  Feeling no need to rush, she casually rode the streets of her city and came to the cathedral at the center.
Built with stone taken from the side of the Great Plateau, the Helernus Basilica was nearly four hundred years old.  Sinas stopped beneath the pale face of the basilica, which towered forty meters above.  She walked up the twelve steps, one for each member of the Pantheon, and approached the gates of the guardhouse.  A man in ceremonial armor stepped forward with his shining halberd.  He recognized her and bowed.  "Welcome, Lord Sinas.  Shall I announce you?"
"Thank you, no."  She pointed toward the closed door.  "May I?"
He pulled on the latch and let her enter the atrium.  The open space of marble and decorative brick was ringed with flowers and green plants.  The fountain at the center still stood, though it had not functioned since the damming of the river last year.  She stared at the dry tiles for a moment, wondering when it might work again, and then turned into the main building of the basilica itself.
Standing in the narthex, she looked across the open space of the nave and saw the high priest by the candles under the apse.  The metallic swish of her chain mail drew his attention and he turned.  "Greetings and welcome home, Lord Sinas."
His voice carried under the vaulted ceiling but Niobe did not feel comfortable in returning his welcome at an equal volume.  When she was nearer, she fell to one knee, and said, "High Priest Collias.  I have returned."
"Rise, Lord Sinas."  She did and smiled at him.  He wore his customary white robe with gold embroidery.  His gray hair was neatly slicked back.  His face was wrinkled with years of smiles and caring.  "Why have you come unto me so soon after your victory?"
She tilted her head.  "'Victory?'  How do you …"
"The Istri River flows again.  The city rejoiced yester eve when the waters returned."
"Ah.  I did not return over the bridge so I did not see it."
"It is a beautiful sight.  Please, see it before you go."  He turned away and moved a flaming piece of wood from a lit candle to an unlit one.  "The question remains.  Why have you returned so soon?  Does the occupation of Dubroja not require your presence?"
Niobe reached into her shirt and removed the letter.  "I come to you to deliver this."  He looked back and saw the envelope.  "In disgrace, I suppose."
He smiled, "I doubt it."  He put the stick on a metal tray and took the envelope.  He studied the writing for a moment and then the wax seal on the back.  "I see that Lord Pachis wasted little time in taking his role."  Sinas chuckled.  With his finger, he broke the seal and peeled the flap away.  He removed the thick paper and started to read.  She noticed that his lips moved as he did and she grinned again.  "Well."  He folded the letter and dropped his arm to his side.  "Would you care to walk with me?"
"Certainly, preftu."
They left the ornate decorations under the half-dome and went to a side corridor.  They walked through the marble hall and Collias said, "Yours is the sixth letter I have received from the battle in Dobruja."
"The sixth."
"Yes.  The first simply told of the felling of the dam, the defeat of their armies, and the surrender of their governor.  I read it aloud," he pointed over his shoulder, "to a full congregation.  There was rejoicing."
Niobe nodded.  "It was a great victory and worthy of it."
"Indeed."  They turned a corner and began to descend a large staircase.  "Shortly after the fall of that night, I received four more letters."  He counted them off on his fingers as he named them, "Lords Ressu, Galatos, Perra, and Prozi."  He saw her surprise.  "Yes.  He lives.  He talked of his wounding.  And he talked of you."  Sinas stopped descending the stairs and the priest continued down.  "All four letters spoke of your bravery."  He turned and looked up at her.  "All four lords said they would have been slain utterly on the road to the city, along with all our soldiers, were it not for your initiative."
She nodded and caught up.  "I see."
"They heard of your dismissal by Lord Pachis and wrote their accounts of your actions so I might receive them before your return.  Their runners arrived quickly," he faced her and narrowed his eyes, "yet you did not.  Why is that?"
"Since I had been dismissed, I felt little need to hasten, preftu."  He laughed and stepped off into the corridor.  "Wait.  You knew the story that I would tell yet you seemed surprised at my arrival.  Why?"
He smirked and said, "Forgive an old man who may wish to play coy in the company of a young woman from time to time."
"Forgiven."
"Thank you."  He stopped outside a large wooden door.  "Please, come inside."
She glanced at the ornate door and said, "The Threfold?"
"It is."  He pushed the door open and waved her in.  "Come along."
The chamber was well lit with sun that streamed in from the windows.  Paintings lined the walls, relaying the history of man from the gods' descent on Old Kobol to man's exodus from that world to the landing of ships here on Dzeamin and to campaigns of Calafatis against its enemies.  At the center of the room, there was a large, wooden, three-sided table.  Two people were seated and the third chair was empty.  A wooden chair carved like an upturned ship's prow and painted gold stood at the far end of the room near the triangular table.  There, the high priest walked and then sat.  Sinas remained near the door with her hands clasped behind her back.
"Welcome home, Lord Sinas," one of the council members said.
She bowed toward them both.  "Thank you, preftu."
Collias gestured at the table, "You know Priest Lillis and Priest Tulliu."  She nodded.  He then pointed at the empty chair.  "And you know the one who once sat there?"
Niobe nodded.  "I do.  Lord Pachis."
Collias leaned forward and said, "I want you to take his place."
She blinked and stared at the simple chair.  "I … Preftu, I don't …"
"Pachis did not want to be on the Threfold any longer," Tulliu said.  "He could not lead Calafatis as he was not the high priest, nor in the clergy, and yet …"
"He hoped for a conflict," Lillis interrupted, "that he might be installed as a governor or what-have-you elsewhere."
Sinas shook her head.  "He served on the council for six years."
Tulliu said, "In here, he was miserable.  Outside, where he might lord his position over others, he was satisfied."
"We gave him what he wanted," the high priest said.  "He was named highsword of the campaign to destroy the dam and free the Istri River.  In exchange, we would name him governor of Dubroja."  Collias smiled, "Though his desires were met, I must confess to some joy in reading his consternation at how it unfolded.  Because of you.  Every man and woman in the fyrds, lord or no, have your name on their tongues."
Niobe smiled.  "I denied him the glory."
"High Priest," Tulliu said, "did Pachis write you?"
"He did."  He stepped off his chair and handed the letter to her.  "And he forced Lord Sinas here to deliver it."  While the priest read the letter, Collias said, "Will you join us?"
"Pardon my ignorance, preftu, but what would my duties be?"
"You are to advise me on any decisions made that affect the city of Calafatis.  You also act as a channel through which burgmen may bring issues to our attention."
"As a veteran of the military," Lillis said, "you would also act as our negotiator and lead defender, should the city come into danger."
"You may be named highsword, if the need warrants," Collias added.  "More than us, you will be the face of Calafatis in the world.  A traveler who goes from city to city when called upon.  And I am pleased that it would be your face and not Pachis' now."
As they chuckled, Niobe looked down and said, "Forgive me, but I do not believe I have the experience needed for such a thing."
Collias smiled.  "You have fought successfully in six campaigns.  You dispatched the threat of the Varcan colonies and held the pirates at bay.  You freed the Istri River, bringing life and hope to us again.  You may be in your thirties, Lord Sinas, and therefore younger than the rest of the Threfold, but your experience in leadership and strategy can easily be translated to this.  That chair will function as your saddle."
"Thank you for your confidence, High Priest."  She looked at the empty seat and then said, "May I think on it?"
"You may.  Do not hesitate overlong, however."
"I will not.  Thank you again."  She bowed to the priests and then left the council chamber.
In a daze, she walked up the stairs and back to the main building of the basilica.  Soon, she wandered into the crisp, open air of the atrium, where she stood and thought in silence.  But not silence.  There was a sound she hadn't heard in some time.  She looked to the right and saw that the fountain was again working.  Clear water from the Istri River bubbled from the spout and filled the bowl which trickled onto the tiles below.  Sinas smiled and thought, I did that.
XVIII
DRACO
972 Years After Colonization

The cold wind from the southeast swept up the valley and into the hills.  The season had not yet come for them to seed the empty fields below at the edge of the plains.  Koruthi lay at the top but beneath the highest peaks in this stretch of the Gramada Mountains.  From the center of the village, one could look down the mountain pass and to the fields kilometers below.  Then, beyond that, the plains stretched endlessly across the continent.  
The thirty-five hundred people who called this place home were all remnants of the Draco, the oldest monotheist group in existence.  Centuries before the Olympians descended their mountain, the Draco worshipped The One, True God.  The Messengers Anaxo, Prometheus, Kaladen, and others, had helped keep their faith alive.  Here, nearly a millennium after the flight from Kobol, the heathen below remembered the past only as tales and myths as they placed their faith in the false gods of Olympus, but the Draco remembered.  They had their old texts and their secret tongue remained unchanged.  Their treatment at the hands of the Pantheon and their millions of ignorant followers would never be forgotten.
Doxha was the village elder.  Old and tired, she sat in an ornate chair and watched over the town's center as the markets bustled and children played.  Some came to her for blessings and she bestowed them without hesitation.  Others came to her for advice and she gave it.  
"Elder Doxha," a young man said.  He bowed his head toward her and approached with an envelope.  "I was in the valley by the field, preparing tools for the planting season.  A messenger from the south brought this."
Her eyebrows raised and she said, "Give it to me."  She held the heavy paper in her wrinkled hands and studied the writing.  When she saw that the young man remained, she flicked her hand away and said, "Go back to your work."
"Yes, elder."
"Koruthi" was all that was scrawled across the face of the envelope.  The back was sealed with a blue stamp and a symbol she couldn't decipher.  She broke the seal and brushed the flecks of wax off her lap.  She removed the letter and read the words written in the common tongue of the mountain people, evolved from the Olympian of old.
"Greetings, realm of Koruthi.  I, Governor Seleucus of the Satrap of Cavala, bid you happiness.  In two months from your receipt of this letter, at the time of the fullness of the Other, there shall be a gathering of the realms of the mountains.  All those cities, towns, and nations that profess a love for God shall come together in peace and friendship in the city of Moranus, to the south of the Great Plateau.  There we shall discuss our future and how we may benefit from unity."
Doxha lowered the letter and looked into the mountains above.  In her years as elder, there had been little communication with the monotheist villages to the south, but now she was invited to a meeting with all of them?  
"Boy," she called.  The young man turned and bowed toward her.  "Where is Elder Todan?"
"I will get him!"  Eagerly, he ran away.
While she waited, she looked at the letter again.  Minutes later, a middle-aged man approached and bowed to her.  "Elder."
"Read this, Todan."  
He took the paper and read it carefully.  At the end, he nodded and said, "What are your thoughts?"
"No, no.  I want to hear yours first."
He sighed and said, "I believe we should send someone to attend."
Doxha's eyebrows raised.  "Why?"
"It has been many years since we've received word on any of our neighbors.  It would be good to have some current information."
"You want to assess what threat they may pose?"
Todan nodded.  "If we are to be nimble in the face of overwhelming odds, we will need such knowledge."
She sighed and slumped onto the arm of her chair.  "You know of the old days."  Todan nodded.  "The Draco held fast on Larsa against the Olympians from the north.  Messenger Prometheus led us into their lands and there we were slain and the Purge followed."
"That led to Messenger Kaladen, the secret tongue, and our scattering across the world."
"But I'm talking of the old days that came still later.  When Draco, who were separated from each other for so long devised their plans that destroyed their families and killed thousands."
"The Hopeless."
Doxha smiled.  "They broke temples and even slew a false god or two.  But in their isolation, their fear festered and became toxic.  When they could have expanded their families to strengthen the culture, they lashed out at the symbols of their oppression.  Killing themselves and their children."
"Do you long for a new group of Hopeless, elder?"
"No."  She tried to stand and had trouble.  Todan grabbed her arm and led her away from the center of the village square.  "We are isolated in these mountains and some grow restless.  There has been talk of the Hopeless and renewing some of their methods."
Todan narrowed his eyes.  "I am sorry, elder, but that is difficult to believe."
"It is true.  Think not that my ears are as useless as my legs."
He looked at the citizens around him and wondered who might wish to abandon the group and strike out at the heathen world.  "Elder, how do we fix this?"
"Go to Moranus in two months when the sister-world is full."  Todan nodded.  "Learn what we may of our neighbors."
"And then?"
Doxha shrugged.  "Then we may better judge what place the Draco holds in the world."

As Todan prepared for his journey to the south, he sat by Elder Doxha's chair and spoke to her.  A farmhand ran up the main path and skid to a stop by them.  "Elders!  Someone is below in the valley by the farms!"
"'Someone?'" Doxha said.  "Who?"
"I did not understand their tongue," the girl tried to catch her breath.  "They were on animals and carried flags."
Todan looked at the elder and said, "Horses?"
Doxha sighed.  "Not likely to be the monotheist realms then.  Few horses in the mountains.  Those would be people from the heathen cities, I wager."
"I will go."  Todan stood and looked down the valley toward the fields.  He couldn't see anything but he began to walk.  
"Do you speak the heathen tongues, elder?" the girl asked.
"Some," he said.  "Be careful of the speech you use around the heathen."
"Yes, elder," she said.  "The tongue of Kaladen is for the Draco alone."
"Very good."
Some time later, he walked away from the last spur of the mountains and into the still-unplowed fields of theirs.  A few Draco farm workers had gathered cups and fresh water for the travelers, who were now dismounted from their horses.
One man's clothing was more vibrantly colored than the rest and made of fabric.  The others wore leather and light armor.  He saw Todan's approach and waved.  Smiling, he set the cup down on a fencepost and walked toward the Koruthi elder.
"Buna dzua.  Cum hits?"
Todan furrowed his brow and looked at the other people in his group.  When he returned his gaze to the man, he spoke the Neo Olympian language that most people he had encountered outside of the Draco spoke.  "I am sorry.  I don't understand."
"Ah.  Anj-easte jale."  He continued with a smile and heavy accent, "My name is Radu Basarab, count of the city of Sacele."
"Sacele?" Todan said.  "I am sorry.  I am not familiar with it."
He waved his hand behind him.  "Many days to the east.  Southeast of Lake Galene."
"The lake."  Todan nodded.  "Yes.  Three hundred kilometers or so …"
"That is the lake."  Basarab clapped his hands and said, "And you, friend?"
Todan smiled and said, "I am Elder Sallas of the village Koruthi."
"Good, good.  I have traveled these many days because our people are aware of your people.  We have seen your fields and the workers in them.  We have no interest in your territory, so allow me to ease your concern now."
Todan nodded.  "Thank you."
"Sacele, however, is faring poorly."  Radu's smile faded and he spoke softly, "We are a small city and I am humbled to be in this place, but my people need food and the season has not yet changed."
"I see."
"We are a farming and fishing city.  The wind that sweeps from the north to the south over the great plains has grown stronger, fueled by the spreading desert in the south.  Storms have taken away much of our harvest and the land is drier from season to season."  He looked back at his men and then said, softly, "Between us, elder, I fear that Sacele may not exist much longer."
"I am sorry to hear that."
"Thank you, friend."  Again, he clapped his hands together and his smile returned.  "I am here because I am hopeful that your people may have some stores to draw upon."  Before Todan could respond, Basarab said, "I ask not for your charity.  We would pay you.  In gold."  He snapped his fingers and a woman removed a small chest from her horse's saddle.  She bowed before the count and he opened it.  Taking one of several small cloth bundles, he held the bag up and said, "One purse for each cart of ours that you are able to load."
Todan looked around the count and saw that there were ten empty carts at the rear of their company.  He nodded and said, "Allow me to think a moment, sir."
"Please."  He bowed and stepped away before kicking at the woman with the chest.  She scurried to her horse.
Todan looked back into the mountains and wondered what Doxha would say.  After a moment, he faced the count again and said, "Radu Basarab?"
"Count, please."
"Count, we accept your offer."
He clapped and then embraced Todan.  "Splendid!"  Thank you so very much!"
"I do not know how much we may spare from our stores, nor how many of your carts they would fill, but we wish to aid our neighbors."
"Oh," Radu put his hand on his chest, "I am honored and touched.  Thank you, elder."
"Should Koruthi require aid in the future, perhaps we might call on you."
Basarab's blinked in amusement and said, "If we are able, of course."
Todan turned toward the mountain pass and said, "Please wait here, count.  The way is treacherous for outsiders and certainly for your horses."
"I see.  Thank you."
A while later as Koruthi workers removed seven large carts of food from the village stores, Todan sat by Doxha's chair and kept his head low.
"Selling our food to heathen," she said.  "For gold."
Todan said, "'For I was hungry and you gave me food.  For I was thirsty and you gave me water.'"
"Do not quote Messenger Prometheus at me and expect forgiveness," Doxha said.  
He smiled and said, "'Give to he who asks and turn not away from those who wish to borrow.'"
Doxha stood and stomped away.  "Don't quote Messenger Anaxo, either!"
Todan followed her and took her arm.  "Elder, of the options I had, I chose the one most palatable."  She grunted and he took it as an invitation to explain.  "I could have refused and thus angered them.  They knew where we were and they might feel empowered to take from us and do us harm as revenge.  Or I could have given the food charitably and taken no payment, but that would invite more requests for aid since we were so generous before.  By giving them food, we are doing good works in the eyes of the Great One.  By taking their money, they see there is a price to dealing with us and they may be less willing or unable to pay it in the future."
Doxha stopped.  After a moment, she nodded and looked up at him.  "Very good."
"Thank you, elder."
"But I have a fear.  And a task for you when you return from the south."
"Anything."
The old woman sat on the edge of a pen and said, "Realms to the south know of us and now we see that realms to the east know of us as well.  When we are known, rarely are good things to follow for the Draco."
Todan inhaled sharply and turned in a circle.  He looked across the stone faces of the old buildings in the village square and the wooden structures that filled the empty spaces between the mountainsides.  They had lived here for a millennium.  "You mean to leave."
"If we must," she said.  "I do not welcome it."
"Nor I."
"But, as elders, we must be ready to depart for the good of our people, our culture, and our faith."
"Yes, elder."  Todan faced her again.  "When I return, I will make the preparations."
XIX
MACE
972 Years After Colonization

The seas were calm beneath the hull of the Karpi sailing vessel Corone.  For days, the leaders of the four realms went south and then east toward the city of Moranus for their summit.  They ate together and spoke together, enjoying each other's company.  Alexander was pleased that his push for a meeting had already created such fellowship between them.
In the morning on the day of their arrival, Mace walked on the deck and looked at the Gramada Mountains that towered above them to the port.  He wondered at what may lie in them.  What treasures.  Perhaps the old caves written of centuries ago where the believers hid as the polytheists chased them across the face of the world.  The thought of walking in that ancient air intrigued him more than any gleaming gem or shining ore that he might take from the rock.
"Morning, commander."
He turned and saw Cassandra Antipater.  She was wearing her typical mail and Karpi sash, but her hair was loose on her shoulders.  She smiled and then stepped next to him, gazing at the mountains, too.
"How are you, general?"
"Well.  Thank you."  Her head lowered and she said, "Forgive me.  I did not intend to lie.  I am tired.  I could not sleep."
Alexander watched her watching the landscape.  "The sea?  I know this vessel's motions have felled my under-marshal."
"No.  It was something you said last evening."  She looked at him and squinted one eye as she recalled, "'The One is the totality of all things.'"
Mace smiled.  "And this means something to you?  Something profound?"
"It does.  And I cannot explain why."
"Do not force yourself to understand.  The meaning may strike when you least expect it.  For all believers, the realization of Monad is different for each and personal."  He saw her confusion and said, "Monad is my name for 'singularity.'"
"Singularity?"  She turned away from the mountains and rested her back on the railing of the ship.  "You said this last night as well and I knew not its meaning."
Alexander lowered his head.  "It is not a teaching of the Holy Church.  As high priest of that body, I should not speak of it."
She took his arm.  "Please."  He looked down at her hand and, thinking she had caused offense, she withdrew it quickly and said, "Forgive me."
"Not at all."  He rested against the railing, too.  "I came to a realization some years ago that God was all things.  The totality.  The singularity."
"How?"
He grinned.  "I will share that tale another time.  But with the thought of totality, I began to see the world as The One."  He looked at her to gauge her comprehension.  "All of it.  The people, the animals, the rocks, the sea.  It is all one in The One."
"That's what you've said about monotheists.  That we are all one in The One."
"I believe that.  I believe we should act in that manner.  But I believe our connection to God goes beyond fellow believers."
She turned and looked into the ocean below.  "This line of conversation will not ease my mind and allow me restful sleep this evening."
"I am sorry."  Mace turned and rested his arm on the railing.  "Has philosophy intrigued you for some time?"
"Not at all."  Cassandra turned and looked at him.  "Only since our meeting on Monaxia.  Only since you spoke of being one in The One."  She shook her head.  "I do not know what, but something stirred within me when I heard those words."
"I wish you good fortune on discovering what that stirring means."  
She nodded and returned her gaze to the water.  Alexander stood and straightened the front of his shirt.  He looked over his right shoulder and saw that they were still alone on the deck.  "General."  She stood, too.  "Cassandra."
"Yes?"
"I am still new to my position and I do not know all of the … intricacies involved in diplomacy and such."  He began to fidget with the end of his leather belt.  When he realized this, he clasped his hands behind his back and cleared his throat.  "I hope you will forgive me, but I would like to …" as he paused, he saw her eyebrows raise, "court you."
She blinked, blushed, and lowered her head.  "Commander."
"You need not answer now."  In nervousness, he shook his head and began to wave her off.
Cassandra looked up and said, "I am sorry, but I am courting Captain Seleucus of Cavala."
Mace felt his heart seize and he took a half-step backward.  "Son of the governor."
"Yes."
"I see."  He turned away and then felt his heart pound.  "I apologize, general."
"An apology is not necessary, commander."  He was already walking across the deck, away from her.  "Alexander."  He stopped and turned.  He saw her smile and the way the wind blew her hair.  He smiled, too, nodded, and entered the ship.

The city of Moranus lie ahead.  Stone buildings rose on the eastern side of the bay and on the western side stood a castle.  Domes and towers and parapets overlooked the water and the approaches from the surrounding hills.  It gleamed in the midday sun and looked new.
"I did not know that Moranus had built a fortress," Governor Perdiccas of Moiri said.
The tall Jason Antipater shook his head, "Nor I."  
A bell rang from behind them as the captain of the Corone signaled the harbor.  Soon, there was an answering bell.  
Mace looked up into the rigging and sails of the ship and watched the four banners of the four realms flutter in the wind.  He smiled again at his achievement in bringing them together and then looked toward the city.  It was older in appearance than he expected, with dull stone lined with creeping vines, and the red, white, and gold flag of the city flying from most buildings.  His smile faded and he looked again at the castle.  Can my success continue in a realm poised for conflict?
Minutes later, they were docked and the leaders disembarked from the vessel.  Above them, they saw a woman dressed in satin clothes and flanked by armored bannermen.  She smiled down as the group walked up the stone steps and emerged onto the city street.
With a heavy accent, the woman lowered her head, "I bid you all welcome to the city of Moranus."  She rose and stepped forward.  "I am the chamberlain of the basileus of Moranus and its lands."  Alexander narrowed his eyes upon hearing the Olympian word for "king."  "Please.  Join me on a walk through our city to the palace."
The leaders of the four realms and their attendants trod on the stone steps.  Mace looked down as they moved and marveled at how even most of them seemed.  Now that he was closer to these aged buildings, he could see that they were in fine shape.  They wore their antiquity with honor.  Flora had joined the stone, wrapping the side of a shop with a fluttering wall of ivy.  Fruit trees ran along the walks and filled alleys.  On another building, vines bore sweet red berries and white flowers.  They came to an intersection and a tree grew at its center.  It, too, was in bloom and gave an air of tranquility to the busy place.  Dozens of passersby stopped on the walks and carts ceased their progression.  The people all bowed toward the visitors until they passed.  A tall building stood at the end of the street.  It was not as opulent as Alexander had expected, though it was certainly not humble.  
"Is that the palace?" Governor Seleucus asked.  "Are we not going to the castle?"
Antipater said, "Perhaps the castle is not yet complete."
Along the front walk of the palace, servants and soldiers were lined up and bowed low.  A man emerged from the tall arched doorway and raised his hands high.  "My friends!  You have arrived!  I am Basileus Nesimo Krateros."  The attendants of each leader stepped forward, ready to announce their masters, but the ruler had another plan.  "I have studied your colors, so, please, allow me."  He walked across them and clasped the shoulder of the woman in silver and white.  With an accent as intense as the chamberlain's, he said, "Governor Daphne Perdiccas of Moiri!"  She nodded and he moved on.  "Governor Jason Antipater of Karpi!  Very large."  He nodded.  He gripped the arm of the next man.  "Blue and yellow.  Governor Urion Seleucus!"  He faced the youngest of the rulers and with a sympathetic frown said, "Master and Commander Alexander Mace.  My sympathies for the loss of your mother."
"Thank you, basileus."
"Please.  We are all friends here!"  He stepped back and his joviality returned.  "I am Nesimo to you!"  He waved toward the palace and started to walk inside.  "Come this way!  I have a lunch prepared for you.  I hope you are hungry."  They left the sun and in the wide foyer, saw a man in simple clothes standing rigidly.  "Yes.  This is Elder Sallas of Koruthi."  He lowered his head briefly as the leaders entered.  "He joined us yesterday."
"Greetings, elder," Seleucus said.  "I am pleased that my invitation found you well."
"And I was grateful to receive it."  Sallas looked at each of their faces and said, "What concerns the realms of the mountains concerns us, as well."
"Indeed!"  Krateros clapped his hands and pointed ahead.  "To the table!"
An hour later, after they had eaten, the conversation began to turn away from questions about their voyage or the food specialties of each realm.  Antipater finished his wine and set the goblet down.  As an attendant stepped out of the shadows to refill it, he raised his hand.  The servant backed away and Jason turned toward Nesimo.  "Tell us about your castle across the bay."
"Mm."  Krateros wiped his mouth with a cloth and said, "The dream of my mother, come to fruition.  She was plagued by visions of large horses storming across the plains toward her.  On occasion, the horses even bore the colors or symbols of the Olympian gods.  Mostly she saw a white horse swathed in royal colors with lightning bursts coming from its eyes."  He nodded.  "She believed that she was being warned about our polytheist neighbors in the east.  Since Moranus lies in the open and has some trade with outsiders, she wanted a fortress to be constructed across the bay, should an attack come."
"Basilis Leda died some ten years ago, yes?" Perdiccas asked.
"She did," Nesimo sipped his wine.  "The fortress was barely begun in her time.  I have pushed it to completion.  And, I confess to having had the same dream in recent years."
Seleucus asked, "So you also fear the possibility of attack?"
"I do.  The map tells no lie.  My realm is exposed.  We are not shielded by mountains on the east.  We have only their ignorance to protect us."
Alexander looked across the room at Cassandra.  She was listening intently to Krateros' discussion of strategy and the possibility of attack.  He was, however, distracted.  He could only think of their conversation on the ship hours before and his embarrassment.  She looked at him and, ashamed, his head darted away.  Then he heard his name.
"Is that so, Master Mace?"
He looked at Nesimo.  "I apologize, sir.  I do not know …"
"Governor Perdiccas says you were the inspiration for our gathering."  He raised his goblet.  "For that, I am grateful."  As the others at the table repeated the gesture, Alexander bowed his head.  "What inspired you, Alexander?"
"To bring everyone together?"
"Yes."
He smirked and looked toward Cassandra again.  She was smiling at him.  "I have long believed that we, the believers, are all one in The One.  And that we should behave so."
Krateros nodded and considered the words.  "'One in The One.'  This is interesting to me.  Is it a teaching from the Holy Church?"
Mace glanced at Petar who was studying him carefully.  He knew he had to tread lightly.  "It is not.  It is an … observation of mine.  One that came to me at a dark moment and gave me hope."
Nesimo smiled and leaned forward.  He waved his fingers.  "Please, Master Mace.  You cannot stop now.  We are all of us intrigued, yes?"
Alexander saw the nodding heads of several people, including Cassandra.  "Very well.  I was twenty and had just been made an under-marshal.  Too soon, for certain.  I lacked discipline, experience, knowledge, skill, humility.  Being the son of the commander was enough for the rank but not enough to make me suitable for it."  Several around the table laughed or nodded.  "I had been sent to duty at our dock by the sea.  I was stationed there for some time, to keep watch over the ships and to report back if there was any conflict.  There was not.  When my time was over, I journeyed back into the hills.  Alone.  Without my attendant."  He looked at Hephaiston.
The old man grumbled.  "Hmm."
"I got lost.  The Gramada Mountains can be treacherous for all their length, but there is something like a curse that rests upon the slopes between Argea and the sea.  I went in circles for days.  My food dwindled and my water was drunk.  I could find nothing to sate either hunger or thirst and spying on the land from high peaks revealed no safe path."  He shifted his legs and leaned onto the armrest.  "As I neared twelve days lost, …"
"My God," Seleucus said.
"I became overcome with weakness and despair.  I lay on a path beneath two sharp crags and I felt the cool stone against my skin.  Then warmth bathed me from above.  I looked up and beheld the sun at midday.  It was a beacon in that dark, close valley.  I clambered onto my knees and faced the sun.  I prayed loudly and repeatedly.  'The One True God above.  I ask that you spare me.  I ask that you feed me.  I ask that you lead me home for I have gone astray.  Let these things be done if it be your will.'"  Perdiccas was nodding enthusiastically and Krateros was smiling broadly.  
"I closed my eyes and knelt there.  When the last finger of the sun's warmth left my face, I wavered and nearly wept.  Then I heard a scrambling above me.  Stones fell from the crag and into the valley and I saw that a ram leapt from one side to the other, but its hooves found no purchase.  The animal fell to the stone floor just meters in front of me and I watched as it died."
He paused and remembered that day.  He recalled the musty smell of the ram's wool mixed with the warm, metallic scent of its blood.  He could feel the ridges of its single horn that wrapped from its base between the animal's eyes and curled back toward the crown of its skull.  He could see the last breaths of the creature before it gurgled and died.
"For the first time in two weeks, there was hope.  I had my knife and I placed the blade against its wool and flesh.  My muscles tensed but before I pressed, I looked up into the sky again and I said, 'Thank you.'  When I looked back at the ram, I did not see a meal.  I saw a gift from The One True God.  And when I ate it, I no longer felt as though the animal had simply been pushed into my path.  The way its meat satisfied and its wool warmed me," he shook his head, "I could feel God in these things.  These simple things that we, too often, take for granted.  The next morning, I escaped that sharp valley and walked toward the east.  A bird lit upon a stone and whistled."  He smiled at the memory.  "Then it fluttered away and I followed.  A short while later, I found a small stream in the hillside where I could drink and refill my bottle.  The cool taste of the stream and whistles of the little birds over my head … I felt surrounded by God.  Filled by it.  The cool stone shaded me from the painful heat of the sun and the sun gave me warmth when the stones could not.  Stone and wood gave me fire.  Animals gave me food and water.  I felt enveloped by the world and by God.  I realized then that the world around me was God.  Everything in the world was evidence of God and God's blessings.  Not only are we, as believers, one in The One, but all things in this world are one in The One."  For the first time in some minutes he looked across their faces.  A few people were staring with intense thought, but others, including Cassandra and Sallas, seemed touched.  "It is no teaching of the Holy Church, basileus, but it has been my personal philosophy for more than a decade.  If all things in the world are to be one in The One, then we may as well start with those of us who believe in The One True God."
Hephaiston had heard the tale before and knowing that he was the attendant waved off by the arrogant young Alexander years before, he put his hand on his master's shoulder.
Nesimo stood from his seat and walked around the table to Mace's side.  Finally, he knelt before him and took Alexander's hand.  His eyes were bulging with tears and his voice cracked, "You have been sent here by God today."
Alexander was unsure how to take that.  "Why so?"
"Do you know the state of the world beyond our mountains?"  Mace shook his head.  "Do you know of the Virgo?"
"I do not."
Krateros nodded and stood.  "Please.  If you will join me, we will walk to the fortress and I will shed light upon all things."  He smiled and put his hand on Mace's shoulder.  "And we will all see the blessings our union may bring."
The leaders and their attendants left the dining room and followed Nesimo as he left the palace.  On the stairs, Cassandra walked beside Alexander and asked, "Was that the tale of how you came to believe in the Monad?"
He looked at her and said, "It is."
She touched his arm and said, "I am glad to have heard it."  She then quickened her pace so she might walk by her father.
Outside on the streets of Moranus, Nesimo turned and gestured for the others to join him.  "Please.  Remain near so you might hear all that I say."  He began to amble along as palace guards swept forward and remained several paces ahead of the group.  Pedestrians walked into the street and shopkeepers moved their wares aside.  "We did not build Moranus.  Did you know this?"  A few of them shook their heads.  "My people came from the caves in the mountains."  He pointed across the bay at the nearby peaks.  "Many kilometers from here."
Alexander smiled and wondered if his people were related to Krateros', since both had old stories of living in the mountain's caves.  Then he frowned for a foul smell wafted on wind that came from the south.  He did not recognize the odor at all and soon a crossbreeze took it away.
"Pantheonists founded Moranus and built it up.  Their fishing and mines made them wealthy.  My people would barter with some of them from time to time, when food was scarce.  Then, three hundred years ago, there was a plague.  A sickness of some kind lay upon the city.  Few dared enter and those who did would not return."  He stopped at an intersection and looked up the wall of the building there.  "A whole city, built of stone, felled by something unseen.  The fields went untilled.  The boats did not sail.  The mines, they did not dig."  They crossed the street.  "For a year, Moranus lay still.  And my people debated.  'Should we enter?'  'Is it cursed?'  When nearly two years had passed, my people entered and found the city dead.  There were bodies of people and animals alike.  What the sickness was, we do not know, but it killed all.  Dog and rat.  Highborn and low."
They entered a small market square and the people bowed toward their leader and their visitors.  The bustling of the space drowned out his speech, so Nesimo waited until they were on the other side and nearing the bay.
"It took another year for my people to cleanse the city of the dead and to repair that which had fallen into disrepair.  And then," he extended his arms outward, "a group of filthy cave dwellers found themselves in a sea of mansions.  Moranus burst into life again.  The fields grew.  The boats fished.  The mines delved deeper."  They stopped at a bridge that spanned the bay and led directly to the lower walls of the new castle.  "Some felt unease at having taken the place of the others, but it passed.  To this day, some among us say the city teems with ghosts at night, though I have seen no such thing."
They walked across the tall bridge and the visitors looked toward the water far below.  Krateros spoke loudly so he could be heard over the sound of the bay, "Then, a century later, the sky ships came."  Nesimo turned and pointed upward.  "Metal vessels from above."
A few of the leaders looked at each other.  Jason moved closer and said, "We have not heard of any such thing outside of the tales of man's arrival from Old Kobol."
Krateros nodded and began to walk again.  "The Virgo were the first to come.  They brought with them gold and gunpowder.  Yes, Moranus had gunpowder before my people came and we took up the practice, selling it to your people.  Ouranos, it is said, also had gunpowder, and thus did they rule a portion of the east.  The Virgo gave it to the remainder of Dzeamin, however, and they brought other things from beyond our world.  Namely horses."  He looked over his shoulder and smiled at their bewildered faces.  "Yes.  Horses, medicines, … many gifts."
"Gifts?" Perdiccas said.
"I agree, Daphne."  They left the bridge and walked up a freshly laid path of white stone toward a black metal gate.  Two Moranan guards stepped aside, the metal opened, and they walked toward the northern side of the castle.  "These were hardly gifts and they were not intended as such.  They were payments made by the Virgo that they hoped would be repaid later."  He spun on his feet and faced the group again, "Have you ever seen a tree of the Great Forest?  As it grows; not once it has been felled."  Most of them answered in the negative and he continued toward the castle.  "They were majestic and they covered most of the land in the east.  The Virgo said they were the tallest trees in all the worlds and their wood more hardy than any other, too.  That made them desirable and the Virgo aided the growth of cities near the forest and within it.  More trees were cut down and industry came to the world.  Furniture.  Weapons.  Lumber for buildings and sea vessels offworld."
They entered the castle and began to ascend a large staircase.  Soon, they emerged in a wide open space lit by candles and glass windows high above with the sun's light.  Tapestries lined the walls and another staircase led up to a balcony and a series of arched windows along a corridor.
"Then the Leo came."  He looked back and added, "A rival of the Virgo.  They, too, desired the wood that the Virgo bought, so they, too, sponsored cities near the forest.  Industry rose there and more trees were felled.  And what their saws did not take, their war did."  Krateros walked to the staircase and ascended toward the balcony.  "A century ago, the cities built up by the Virgo fought against the cities built up by the Leo.  It lasted for years and, in that time, fires were set in the woods claimed by either side so that none might claim it.  The ground was burned with liquid fire and salt.  No tree would grow again in those places."
The group walked onto the balcony and the hall that overlooked the large chamber.  They then walked into another room with a door that looked back across the bay toward Moranus and down onto a lovely courtyard.
"Please, have a seat."  He gestured at the chairs around the room.  "Made from the finest Dzeamin wood.  Gifts from the Virgo."  The visitors looked warily at the ornate, sturdy chairs and Krateros leaned against a meter-tall rectangular stone pillar.  "Soon after the war, the Leo left their cities unfunded.  Some years after that, the Virgo left, too, though I have heard that they still take a portion of lumber to their own world from the far east each year.  After a century of heavy industry and a violent war, the Great Forest was no longer great.  Winds from the north moved to the south without the trees to slow them and the soil wasted away.  Thus was the desert born and thus does it grow.  Yet, even without their benefactors, many of the cities in the east still war against each other."
"Forgive me," Seleucus said, "but how does this story relate to that of Commander Mace and the blessings you say he brings?"
Nesimo smiled and stood again.  "In good time, governor.  Tell me, do you know the thing that unites the pantheonist cities, other than their gods?"  They thought and finally Krateros raised his ringed fingers, forming a triangle.  "This shape.  And the number three.  Most cities in the east have this as part of their symbol and most cities have a council in their government made up of three members."
"Why?" Antipater asked.
Krateros shrugged, "The Virgo know but they do not say.  The Virgo came to Moranus when they came to the world.  The Great Forest did not reach here, so why would they come?"  He looked toward the ceiling and said, "Because when they beheld Moranus from the sky in their metal ships, they saw that Moranus was shaped like a triangle.  Its streets and buildings formed a large triangle visible from above."  He turned and put his hand on the pillar.  "They spoke to our leaders, not knowing that we were not the polytheists who had built the city.  But still, they offered gifts.  Knowledge of the rocks.  To the south of the city, you may have seen the smoke or smelled the air.  The Virgo told my ancestors that a black oil grows under those fields and they gave us the means to retrieve it.  It is more powerful than the oils made from plants or animals.  This oil can become fuel for great machines and the Virgo wanted it."
"I smelled it earlier," Alexander said.  
"Yes.  We pump it from the ground and ship it south to Dacia.  Do you know Dacia?"  No one answered positively.  "That was to be the Virgo's foothold on Dzeamin.  Founded by them and populated by them, it grew and grew until the Virgo withdrew.  They said their war with Leo had drawn their attention elsewhere, but they would return."  He looked away, concerned.  "A Virgan ship returns to Dacia and takes away oil on occasion to this day, but most of it is sent east to Ouranus and Pyrgas.  The largest cities use the oil for their industry which thrives as the forest gasps its last.  And we are paid.  Handsomely."
Daphne leaned forward, "You said that these were not gifts.  That these were payments made in the hope of repayment."  Krateros nodded.  "Repaid in what manner?"
"Knowledge.  They came with knowledge but, most importantly, they sought it.  That search took them to places with the triangle because that is where they said it could be found.  They told the pantheonist cities of Dzeamin, and us, to look for a stone cask.  One meter tall and rectangular.  They said it contained something meant for them."  Nesimo stepped away from the pillar and patted the top of it.
"That?"  Seleucus stood and pointed.  "The Virgo search for that?"
"They have.  For centuries."
Mace stared at it.  "Your people did not tell them?"
"At first, they did not know.  It was found in tunnels under the city, among rubbish, after the Virgo first came.  My people opened it and what they found frightened them.  They feared retribution from those who could command sky and space."
Jason asked, "What did they find?  Was it the knowledge?"
"Come.  Help me.  And Master Mace.  You are young and strong.  Grip the top carefully and lift it."  Nesimo stepped away from the pillar and the two men strained to raise the stone up.  It ground until it came free and then both of them placed the lid on the floor.  The rest of the group crowded around and saw the glint of a silver cylinder inside.  Krateros reached into the darkness and raised a handful of what looked like dull bits of glass.
"What is that?"
"What was it," Nesimo corrected.  "The writings we have from our old leaders say that there were pages of some sort of book inside and the rest had crumbled into this.  The words that could be read spoke of a wheel and another spoke of the making of a machine.  My ancestors scoured the records of Old Moranus to see if any of them had seen more of the pages or transcribed them, but there was no mention."  Krateros tipped his hand and the plastic pebbles fell into the cylinder again.  "Whatever knowledge this held was lost to time many years ago."
Perdiccas nodded.  "And if the Virgo knew you had the knowledge and it was lost …"
"I do not know how they might respond."
The leaders backed away from the cask and thought.  Alexander looked at the lid and saw a carving.  He knelt and brushed dust away.  "Have you seen this?"
"Good eye, Master Mace."
He looked at the ancient Olympian letters and read aloud.  "'Holding the history and wisdom of Kobol to,' uh, 'allow a shining tomorrow for our colonies?'"
"Very good."  Nesimo pointed at the lid and said, "These stone containers were placed around the world by the people who left Old Kobol.  The knowledge they contained was not meant for Virgo alone, despite what they may have said."  Several of them began to nod.  "And now we've come to your blessing, Alexander."  He gripped the young man and helped him stand.  "The world beyond ours is in ruins.  Cities are filled with people as farms die and rivers dry.  The desert grows and forces thousands to flee for their lives, swelling other cities with exiles.  So pressed, the pantheonist cities will look elsewhere for relief.  For food or wealth or strength."  He nodded his head and said, "They will look to us.  Not just Moranus, but Argea, Moiri, Cavala, Karpi, and Koruthi, as well."  He scanned each of their faces.  "They will come for aid at first because it is polite and times are not yet dire, but then …"
"They've already come."  They faced Elder Sallas and he continued, "A city in the north came to Koruthi before I departed and bought food from us."  He seemed genuinely afraid.  "They know where we live and they know we have what they do not."
"Then it has already begun."  Krateros sighed and put his hand on Alexander's shoulder.  "Our world may be coming for us soon and there remains the threat of other worlds, too.  This is why I praise The One for bringing you to us.  Your words of joining together is what we need to survive the days ahead."
Mace looked at Jason, Urion, Daphne, and Sallas.  He tried to gauge their reactions and they all seemed hopeful.  Finally, he looked back at Nesimo and said, "Then let us discuss an alliance so that we might all be one in The One."
XX
SINAS
973 Years After Colonization

Niobe guided Arufei along the bank of the Istri River.  They had never been so far north and were surprised to see how wide it was in the shadow of the Great Plateau.  The near bank had obviously receded, but its width was still greater here than in the south.  Sinas stared at it for some time when Grega interrupted her thoughts.
"What troubles you, lord?"
She looked away and then at her attendant.  "A great many things."  She was silent and waited a few more steps from her horse before she continued, "The river flows yet not all is well in Calafatis or Dobruja.  Our farms do not produce the plenty of my youth.  The forest weakens and retreats, causing our legendary shipbuilders to hunger for work.  Attacks from the Gallian pirates have increased.  We are petitioned for more aid by more of our allied cities."
"Thus are we here," Grega said.  She moved her pole which bore the banner of Calafatis and the Threfold council so she could see the horse units that surrounded her.  Men and women in strange armor made of hardened leather and wood, painted in bright colors, and wearing helmets that were more decorative than defensive.
"When Racari asked for our presence, I came.  Willingly.  A year on the Threfold had me yearning for Arufei beneath me."
"And an enemy before you?"
She shook her head.  "My sword arm may hunger but I do not.  For now, I am sated by this."  She looked up the side of the plateau, thousands of meters above the ground.  "The magnificence of our home."
"It is a beauty, no mistake, and I thank you for asking me along that I might take it in."  
"Think nothing of it.  If a long journey is before me, I want none by my side but you."  Grega lowered her head.  With a quiet voice, she added, "Especially when that journey takes us among so strange a people with an uncertain aim."
"Aye."  
"Strange people," Niobe repeated.  She looked into the sky and asked, "Did you ever read or hear of The Tales from Sora?"  She pointed to the sky, "Our sister world?"
"I've not."
Sinas grinned a little.  "My mother and father would read to me these stories of strange folk who lived on that other world.  Great beasts and great adventures.  It is a good memory."
Grega adjusted her grip on the reins.  "My parents would read naught to me but the Scrolls, you see.  The gods and goddesses were the only tales worth telling in my home."  She looked toward the head of the column and saw the sweeping of a bannerman far away.  "They're calling for you."
"Come along."  She clapped Arufei's side and they galloped past row after row of horsemen bearing shields and lances.  Ahead, she saw the red cloak and purple hat of Racari's lord.  He was surrounded by his generals, all of whom wore similarly garish colors and costumes.
"Lord Sinas," he said.  "I hope our morning travel has been to your liking."
She forced herself to listen carefully lest she lose some of his words to his clipped accent.  "Absolutely, Domnu Manak.  The landscape has been very pleasing."
"Indeed."  He looked up toward the edge of the plateau.  "Were the top not so barren, we might all find homes without want or ill."
"Such is the hope of all cities, I am certain."
He snapped his fingers and his signifier rode away.  "I summoned you forth because we near the borders of the Moiri."  His generals spread apart so Niobe could ride her horse closer to him.  "I know not what we might find."
"Was there no reply to your letter?"
"None.  This causes me to believe they will not answer."  The sharp-nosed man shook his head.  "Racari is a young city and we grew quickly.  Too quickly, perhaps, but our food was plentiful for a time.  The forest had long since retreated and the desert does not yet approach, and yet …"
"And yet," she interrupted, "your crops yield less."  When he nodded, she said, "As it goes in all cities with whom we speak."
"Indeed."
"Tell me, domnu.  You requested aid from other cities nearer than Calafatis, yes?"
"Of course."
She looked across the plain before her and saw farmland and distant buildings.  "Did they not respond positively either?  Not even to send an ambassador as we have?"
"Not even."  He cleared his throat and tugged at his crotch.  "We spoke with both Medias and Bistriu.  Sebes.  Pyrgas, as well."  He shook his head.  "I fear that the youth of Racari has worked in our disfavor.  A century ago when we were founded, those cities were already allied.  They fought on behalf of the Lions, you know."
"Yes.  I studied the War of the Forest."
He raised a finger and pointed at the flag Grega held aloft.  "Calafatis fought for the Virgo?"
"We did."
Manak nodded.  "I see.  Well, Medias and the others are beholden to themselves because of the old alliances.  Racari does not have that relationship with them nor anyone."  He smiled, "But I am grateful again that you have come to at least hear our case."
"Certainly.  As I have said before, I can promise nothing.  Calafatis suffers the approach of the desert and the weakening of the river, but we wish to aid those we can."
They looked ahead and could now descry workers in the fields.  "Allow me to ask, Lord Sinas.  When last did Calafatis speak to the Virgo?"
She raised her eyebrows.  "Before I was born.  My father spoke of them on occasion, telling tales he was told by his mother of their visits."
Disappointed, Manak looked away.  "Then there is no hope of aid from the stars."
"I do not know."  She looked at Grega and saw her staring at the fields before them.  "I know their ships come still at times to some cities, but the Virgo and the Leo have their own conflict beyond our world.  The forest diminishes and that is what attracted them to us.  Without our trees, I do not know that they would care to involve themselves in our issues."
The domnu waved his generals toward him.  "Nor do I know how they could be contacted."  When the woman in a green satin cloak and hat came near, he said, "Keep your ashcheri here and line them along the ridge.  Spread them out and make them appear formidable."
"Aye, domnu."  She rode away from the lead in the column and began to separate her forces.
Manak snapped his finger at a man in blue.  As he approached, Niobe and Grega shared a concerned look.  The leader of Racari said, "Your ashcheri will fall back to the rear of the carts.  Maintain a tight formation behind them."
"Aye, domnu."
He pointed at another man in yellow and black.  "Keep your formation behind us.  Wide and firm."
"Aye, domnu."
Grega leaned closer to Sinas and said, "Should things go ill, what are we to do?"
She looked down at herself.  Her armor and chainmail glinted in the sun.  The handles of her sword, dagger, and short rifle were within easy reach.  "We do not fight unless the fight comes to us."
"And what of Calafatis?"  She shook the pole she had been carrying.  "If fell deeds occur, might the city take blame?"
She sighed and looked away.  "I have struggled between the parts of me that call myself 'soldier' and the parts that call myself 'councilor.'  If ill tidings fall toward home, we shall deal with it then and pray that the gods will out the truth."
The column and the leader of Racari continued to trot toward the edge of the farms.  Workers had ceased their labors and were now gathered along the knee-high stalks of leaves chattering among themselves.  Finally, Manak raised his gloved hand and the assembled cavalries of Racari came to a halt.
"Greetings, workers of Moiri.  I am Domnu Kaspar Manak, ruler of Racari.  I have come to entreat with your leader and beseech thee for aid."
Most of them seemed confused, but one young man stepped forward and spoke haltingly.  "I understand you.  I will … go ask for master."
As he ran toward the distant farmhouse, Sinas sidled her horse toward Manak.  "Domnu.  What do we know of these people?"
He waved his hand dismissively.  "Peasants, mostly."
"I recognize some of their speech.  It sounds almost Olympian."
"Indeed, it is.  These mountain folk were not involved with either the Virgo or the Leo and thus they did not learn their tongues nor the common tongue of Dzeamin.  Some few have since."
Niobe looked at them again and studied the plain dress of these people.  They were not dirty but they were clearly workers.  Their clothes were not ornate; they were simply suited to being in the field.  "What else do we know of them?"
"They are, supposedly, worshippers of a single god."
She looked at Manak again.  "Which one?"
He laughed.  "No, Lord Sinas.  Not one of our Pantheon.  Not Jupiter or Mars or Juno.  Another god."
She squinted and looked at them again.  So strange.
A man on a horse approached from the farmhouse.  He was wearing a dark green jacket and had a simple brown cap on his head.  As he came to a stop at the edge of his property, he took off the cap and bowed slightly.  He spoke Dzeamin slowly and deliberately.  "I am Master Duros and these are my lands.  I welcome you."
"Thank you," the leader tipped his head.  "I am Domnu Manak of Racari.  I have come to speak with the leaders of Moiri."
Duros nodded quickly and then scanned the line of soldiers on horseback.  "I have sent a messenger to the governor.  She will come soon.  While you wait, I would invite your horses and men to rest by the stream over there."  He pointed to his right, along the edge of his fields.  When he looked back, Sinas could see how nervous he was and the way his eyes skittered over everyone.  "The water is cool and fresh."
"I thank you for your hospitality, but my men and women are well."
"I see."  His breathing was quickened.  "Then perhaps some wine for you?"  Manak's eyebrows raised.  "I do not have enough for everyone, but I could offer you some."
"That is very kind, sir.  I would be happy to partake."
Duros nodded and backed his horse away.  Then, after an awkward turn, he rode toward the house quickly.
"Did you notice that?" the domnu asked.
"Yes," Niobe said.  "He is quite anxious."
"Hmm?  Oh, certainly.  I mean his offer of wine."  Manak nodded and continued, "They can spare farmland for wine while we scrounge to grow beans and wheat."
"I see."  Sinas looked at the still chattering workers and saw the return of the master.  "When the governor comes, will she bring an army with her?"
Manak shrugged.  "Possibly.  Likely.  Were I her, I would."
Duros returned and slid from his horse's saddle.  With a bundle clutched toward his chest, he lowered his head and left the edge of his field.  A moment later he stood next to Manak and unfolded the flap on the leather satchel.  He withdrew a glass bottle and held it toward the domnu.  "It is the finest wine my fields have made.  I hope you will enjoy it."  He reached into the satchel again and removed four cups hanging on his fingers.  He handed one up to Manak and then turned to Sinas, offering her another.  She took it and smiled.  He turned and saw the approach of Manak's signifier and a general, so he offered them cups, too.  He bowed low and backed away.  "Please, let me know if there is anything else I may do for you."
"Thank you, Master Duros," the domnu said as he removed the cork from the bottle.  "You have been most kind."  He poured some into the cup and sniffed it.  Pleased by the aroma, he sipped it.  He sighed and looked again at the bottle.  After studying it and shaking his head once, he passed it to Niobe.
She filled her cup and passed the bottle to the general.  She sipped the red wine, too, and felt the rush of sweetness on her tongue with the warm, tart alcoholic sting that danced toward her throat.  Immediately, she thought back to the last time she had had such a fine wine.  It was a year ago, at a feast honoring the lords and their taking of Dubroja.
"Here is a land fat with riches indeed," Manak said.
An hour passed and Grega kept watch toward the west, beyond the farmhouses and storage buildings.  She could see two roads in the distance, but she saw no approach until the points of tall banners appeared above a rise.  "Lord.  They come."
Manak's signifier had seen the same.  The domnu turned his horse and snapped his fingers at his generals.  They gave quick hand signals to their men.  Banners were waved and the cavalries of Racari snapped to attention.  Ready.
A line of armored men and women on horseback moved around the houses and reformed in the distant fields.  The nearby workers ran away and between the approaching force.  As they neared, Sinas studied them and noted their chainmail and gleaming plates of armor like wide scales upon their chests.  A thin jerkin with the sigil of Moiri – a shield, half white and half silver – was over some of their torsos and flew from their banners.  The line of horsemen at the front carried shields and swords.  The line behind them carried rifles.  Niobe looked across the long line and immediately guessed that there must be two hundred riflemen on horseback.  And beyond them still, there came soldiers both on horse and on foot.  Between the shining silvery shoulders of the lead forces, she could see what she believed to be the tops of longbows and the barrels of more rifles.  Sinas gave a worried look at Grega who had apparently seen and assessed the same things she had.  If this comes to a fight, the Racari will lose.  They have less than half this number of rifles and no armor to match what lies in wait.
From the center of the banners, a white horse stepped forward and its rider removed her helmet.  Long, bright red hair fluttered in the breeze and she approached the edge of the field.  Niobe studied her rigid, firm posture and the expressionless face she bore.  Then, her signifier spoke.
"Lord of the Satrap of Moiri, Prostatis tis Pistis, Philos tis Mithras, Sebastokrator, and member of the Monad Alliance, Governor Daphne Perdiccas."
She nodded once toward the visiting leader.  "Greetings."
He gamely looked over his shoulder, ashamed that his own signifier had not been taught to introduce him in such a regal manner.  It's something he would rectify later.  "I am Domnu Kaspar Manak, ruler of Racari."
Her voice was calm and steady.  "You are known to us, domnu.  Some of my people have traded with yours for years now."
"Indeed.  We have come to you in a time of need.  I am sure you know of the plight many cities to the east have faced."
"We are aware."
He paused, hoping she would say more.  When she didn't, he continued, "We come to ask for aid."
Her eyes looked across the hundreds of Racari cavalry.  "With your armies at your back?"
"We sent a letter, which you did not answer."
"We were considering our response."
"So we have come," now he was angry and voiced it, "for your response."
"The answer then, domnu, is no."
Manak tightened his legs, causing his horse to lurch.  When it steadied again, he spoke, loudly, "You would deny aid to your fellow men and women?  Does this god you worship forbid charity to those who obey the Pantheon?"
Now she spoke firmly, "The One True God speaks to us of love and charity, yet the gods you worship have no bearing on our response.  It is in the manner of your asking."
"Our manner?"
"Your letter spoke of demands and carried veiled threats.  And now you have come, unbidden, to our border with armed cavalry and empty carts.  Were we to come to Racari in such a way, how might you answer?"
Manak growled and said, "How many of your people are there, governor?"
"Enough."
He scanned her forces.  "And what of this … Monad Alliance?  How many of them are there?"
She paused and watched him as he steadied his horse again.  Finally, she answered, "Enough."
"Were we to petition the other members of this Alliance for aid, would their response match yours, I wonder?"
"I do not know, domnu.  You would have to ask them."
Manak lowered his head and considered his options.  Sinas looked toward him, hoping he would glance in her direction so she could subtly ward him away from a hostile action.  Finally, he took a deep breath, raised his head, and said, "Very well, governor.  I thank you for your time."  He whipped his horse around and, as he trotted away, he threw the nearly empty wine bottle onto the ground.  He was disappointed when it did not break.
The Racari cavalry turned, as well.  Niobe looked back and saw that the gleaming line of Moiri armor remained in place, watching their retreat.  Grega came to her side and asked, "What do you make of that, lord?"
She shook her head.  "They've underestimated these mountain people."
"Aye.  That armor.  All those rifles."
"The Racari alone would not stand a chance against them."
Grega nodded and then she considered what Sinas said.  "'Alone,' lord?"
"That's right."
Once the cavalries went over the crest and met the bank of the Istri River again, their pace slowed.  The lands of Moiri were beyond their sight now and they could arrive back in Racari in a few days.  Suddenly, though, the column came to halt.  Curious, Niobe looked ahead and saw the joining of Manak and his generals.  She and Grega rode past several rows of horsemen and entered their circle.
"The fields to the north are not so shielded by the mountains, nor are the river and plateau on the southern side," a general said.  "An approach from that direction would bring us closer to the center of their city with fewer advantages for them."
Manak nodded and looked at another general.  "You?"
"I would prefer to wait and use that time to gather more rifles.  The Moiri had four times our number."
The domnu shook his head and said, "We are not in a position to wait.  Action must be taken lest Racari suffer more than it has."  He looked at Sinas and asked, "What think you, lord?"
Niobe gathered her thoughts silently for a second and tried to frame them diplomatically.  "I am afraid your general is right.  There are not enough Racari rifles and armor to sustain an attack against them."  As he grunted his displeasure, she continued, "And what of this Alliance?  Will the other members be forced into conflict should you attack?"
This reached him and he stopped his visible displays of derision.  "What would you suggest?"
"You are not wrong in one thing, domnu.  The Moiri are wealthy and comfortable.  If this Alliance is equitable, perhaps the other members are equally comfortable, or at least somewhat so.  Should we not petition them for aid?  If this 'One True God' they worship truly speaks of charity, then they cannot refuse forever.  I would simply suggest making the request a more peaceable one."
With a humble, lowered voice, Manak asked, "And what if our appearance today has tainted the well for us among all of the mountain people?"
Sinas sighed and stretched her neck.  "Then I believe you will be able to make friends with other cities near to you and in the east.  Cities that have ignored you for too long.  After all, you share gods with Medias and Sebes and Bistriu."
"And Calafatis," he added.
"Every city east of the mountains, domnu.  Every city."  He slowly began to nod.  "Offer these cities information on where they might find relief and encourage them to make peaceful overtures.  If they take your information on this wealth in the mountains, then you take a part of the aid they receive."
Manak smiled.  "This is good."  He slapped his thigh, but immediately after, his smile faded.  "But what if the mountain cities deny us assistance?  Whether because we worship the Pantheon or because we ask too much?"
"Then, domnu, you fight."
XXI
DRACO
973 Years After Colonization

The young woman in an ornate red and blue jumpsuit read from the paper, "'I, Radu Basarab, count of Sacele, again greet you and beseech you, Elder Sallas of Koruthi.  As this winter nears, we must ask for your aid.  Please, spare what you are able.'"  
Todan looked down and then glanced back at his people.  He looked up and saw the empty carts which sat in the midst of over one hundred armed soldiers and cavalry.  A few of the visitors were speaking Dzeamin to each other which he did not understand, but he looked to the young woman who obviously knew Neo Olympian.  "We can spare four carts full.  My people will guide them to our stores."
"Thank you, Elder Sallas." 
When she said nothing else, Todan looked around.  He couldn't see the large chest that had accompanied the people from Sacele on every visit before.  He took a step closer and said, "Forgive me, but in the past, we were offered gold for the food we spared.  Is there to be none this time?"
The woman looked back at the soldiers and then faced forward.  "I was sent with no gold, Elder Sallas."
Todan nodded and stared at the swords and guns of the men.  "I see.  Bring your carts."
He led some of the Draco who pulled the carts up into the mountain pass.  While they were loaded, he walked through the streets of Koruthi until he came to the small lane with a tiny wooden house.  He went to it and knocked.  There was no answer and he expected none.  Slowly, he pushed open the door and saw her sitting in her chair by the slit of a window.
"Elder Doxha."  She didn't stir.  He walked closer and put his hand on her arm.  "Elder Doxha."
She jumped and yelped.  When she saw who it was, she slapped at his arm and grumbled.  "Let me know when you come inside."
"I did."
"What?"
He knelt by her and spoke loudly.  "You were right."
"Hmmph.  About what?"
"My charity."
She raised a single eyebrow.  "Come back, did they?  Who now?"
"The Sacele.  They were the first of the heathen to come and this is now their third such request."
"And how much gold is our hard-won food worth them today?"
He sighed and shook his head.  "No gold this time.  They brought soldiers and horsemen."
Doxha nodded once and smiled.  "Your charity."
"My charity."  He grunted and sat on the floor next to her chair.  "How can we follow the teachings of the Messengers or the will of The One in our hearts when doing so leads to this?"
"If there were no trials of our faith then how would we know the purity of it?"  She stared at him in the dim light but couldn't focus on him.  "What of your friends to the south?  What says the Alliance?"
"They say nothing.  I have sent word of every request for aid.  I have been informed of other cities that have been likewise petitioned.  But there is no guidance."  He shook his head.  "No promise of assistance."
"Hmm.  Odd, don't you think?"  She smirked.  "You returned with such joy at the words spoken by them.  'Being one in The One.'"  She barked with laughter and said, "Such claptrap."
"I was moved by those words.  I felt a strength in them."
"Strength, eh?"  He nodded.  "Well.  For the Draco, strength only comes in endurance.  Perseverance.  We survive.  That is what we do.  We do not thrive.  We do not fight back."
"Yes, elder."
She reached down and her wrinkled, gnarled fingers wrapped under his chin.  She lifted his gaze toward hers and she said, "The Draco suffer.  We persist.  That is what we do.  In so doing, the culture and faith will survive."
"Yes, elder."
"Now."  She released his chin, "What are your plans?"
"As summer ends, I will send the advance teams north to the new city."
"Good."
"They will mark the locations, scout for supplies.  When spring comes, they will plant."
"And Koruthi?"
"We will carry on.  When the spring comes, we will plant, too.  But when the harvest arrives, we shall not store it."  He grunted and stood again.  "We will march to our new home."
Doxha nodded and folded her hands in her lap.  "Very good."
Todan looked away and felt the pain returning to his throat as he thought about it.  "Will you not come?"
She smiled.  "Had I the desire, I do not have the legs."
"Someone might carry you."
"Yes, and someone might drop me.  I think not.  I will stay.  This is my home."
It is mine, too.  "Very well, elder.  I must go and see after our visitors and their carts."
"Hmm."  As he turned to leave, she quickly reached out for his arm and grabbed his wrist.  "Be wary, elder.  Those who have come before and found us charitable have returned with a sword."
"Yes."
"Though your plans give Koruthi a year before the city departs, do not be surprised if the heathen cities to the east heed not your calendar and decide to return with more empty carts and more swords."
Todan sighed and patted the top of her hand.  "I have considered that, too, elder."
XXII
MACE
974 Years After Colonization

Alexander stared at the maps and he wished that they would become his books.  They did not.
The conference with his marshals had lasted more than an hour in the warroom of the Keep.  The carved table with wooden mountains and a plateau dominated the old room.  The sea was stained to bring out the grain of the wood to act as the waves.  Small, painted castles and buildings dotted the valleys of the four realms that surrounded the Bay of Erimiá.
"Governor Antipater has withdrawn his sea fleet to the northwestern part of the bay here," Marshal Leonnatus tapped a stick on the table.  "He has spied distant ships of unknown shape."
"He fears an attack by the sea?" an under-marshal asked.
"There are many cities in the east along the coast that could sail to us."  Leonnatus faced Mace and said, "Master, I recommend that we increase the size of our detachment at the western dock."
Alexander nodded and stared at the small white building that marked the location on the table.  "Marshal, I cannot help but wonder if we should abandon the western dock for now."  Some of the under-marshals looked at each other and Mace turned toward them.  "Our food gathering operations at the mouth have been suspended and we are already getting food shipments from Karpi and Moiri.  By keeping our people here at home, we might be …"
"Yes, master," Leonnatus said, "but this would mean any attempt to travel north toward the bay would require a direct northern route.  That could double the time needed."
Alex looked at Petar who was busy studying the table.  "Perhaps not.  If we take the eastern road toward the plateau, we could sail the Western River north toward Moiri.  Now that we are allied, they could welcome us and ease our passage."
Leonnatus withdrew the stick from the table and held it in both hands.  He nodded.  "True, master."
"We needn't make a decision yet, marshal," Alexander said.  "Let us consider it for a time."
"Yes, master."
Mace looked toward a young woman.  "Under-marshal, I believe you had a report, as well."
Before she could speak, the door opened and Chamberlain Meleager entered.  "Pardon, master, marshals.  Messenger raptors arrived."  She strode toward the head of the table, by the flat surface provided by the map's plateau.  She placed two sets of papers there.  "The western dock has been attacked."
The leaders gasped and began to speak among themselves.  Alexander picked up the first paper and read the hastily written report.  "'A long, low craft that flew a blue and green banner and bore a black serpent on their sails.'"
"Varca, master," an under-marshal said.
"'They loosed arrows of fire onto our ships and docks.  The fire consumed our simple homes and their cannon rendered our stores into splinters and dust.'"  Mace set the paper down.  "Nineteen dead that they know.  The rest fled into the mountains and toward the passage."  He leaned back and looked at the stern face of his chief strategist.  "Marshal.  The Varca.  How many requests of us had they made?"
"None, master." 
An under-marshal raised her hand, "They had earlier made demands of Karpi.  Karpi denied them."
Alexander shook his head.  "I would have believers in The One be charitable to all and not only their own kind."
"But when faced with a plethora of demands and the threat of swords," Leonnatus said, "how should we respond, master?"
"I did not say that their response was incomprehensible."  Mace stood and picked up the next page.  "I simply wish we had a chance to help before the pantheonists resorted to aggression."  He read a part of the page and turned to Meleager, "This came today?"
"Yes, master.  Just before the one from the western dock."
Alexander said, "A raptor from Cavala.  'The Councils of Three from four cities have petitioned us for food since last we reported.  Only one made a request in a peaceful tone and thus were they the only one so rewarded.  Now, the forces of two cities approach Moiri and traders tell us that others bear northwest toward Cavala.  We have asked our neighbors for the aid of soldiers and we ask the same of Argea.'"  He lowered his hand and it fell with a knock onto the table.
"Master," Leonnatus began, "we could muster of a force of some five thousand but it would take a month to reach Cavala.  We do not have the benefit of many horses and even ground."
"And what of Moiri?" another asked.
"Less than a month, but the danger is the same," Leonnatus said.
Mace asked, "What danger, marshal?"
"The danger of leaving Argea undefended.  If the western dock is gone, we have no eyes on the sea.  The Varca may be landing vessels there now and marching into the hills.  We do not know.  And this says nothing of the northern approach.  Or the eastern gate."
Alexander turned toward Hephaiston and looked into his wide eyes.  He hoped to see an answer in this man, his friend for so long.  He had care for his master but no aid.  "These are our allies, marshal.  The purpose in joining together was to provide help when it was asked."
"Help when we may, master, but not at the expense of ourselves."  Leonnatus walked around the table and stood near the young leader.  "I share your fears for our friends but there is little to be done for them."
"'Bear the burden of another and in this way fulfill the will of The One.'"  Mace smiled weakly at the marshal and said, "Apologies.  That's the high priest speaking."
The marshal lowered his head.  "High priest, what does the Book of the Word say should be done for those we might consider enemies?"
Alexander thought for a moment and said, "'If your enemy hungers, give him bread.  If he thirsts, give him water.'"  He nodded and added, "'Pray The One bless those who curse you.  Do good unto those who hate you.'"
Leonnatus raised his head and said, "'Persecute them with the tempest of The One.  Fill their faces with shame.'"  Mace closed his eyes and turned away.  "'May The One give them a sorrow unto their hearts and lay a curse upon them.  Drive them and destroy them out from under the stars.'"
Alexander shook his head and said, "It is obvious that the Book is conflicted on the matter."
"Indeed, master.  But we should not be."
Mace took in a deep breath and raised his head.  "Marshal.  You will raise and dispatch a thousand soldiers to take a position in the Westward Valley as soon as possible.  Then you will raise and ready two thousand more to take positions at the northern and eastern gates if needed."
Leonnatus bowed.  "Yes, commander."  He turned and walked out of the room quickly.  Several under-marshals followed.
Alexander then turned to Meleager.  "Chamberlain.  We must draft letters to be dispatched by raptors to our allies."
"Yes, master."  Her hands were clasped behind her back and she was prepared to memorize whatever he might say.
"My friends.  It aggrieves me to say that we cannot dispatch aid in the form of soldiers at this time.  Our western dock has been attacked by the Varca and we may be, at the time of your receipt of this message, besieged.  Know that I would aid you if I could."  He found his throat dry and he coughed to continue, "Should things fall ill for you in your homes, I invite you to take refuge in the Argean Valley and our Keep.  If we are besieged and the sea is friendly, perhaps accept Basileus Krateros' invitation and go to Moranus.  May the blessings of The One True God grace us all."  He gathered a few papers and said, "Please dispatch that to all of our allies."
"Yes, master.  Right away."  Meleager left the warroom quickly.
"Come, Hephaiston."  He left with Petar close on his heels.  Moments later, he had descended the stairs and was in the stables with his horse.  The two men mounted and rode out from the Keep and into the village of Argea itself.  He waved and smiled for the people who bowed toward him but as soon as he had passed beyond on their sight, his frown returned and his skin went pale.  
Silently, they rode the two kilometers across the width of the valley to the eastern side.  The light of the afternoon was finally shining on the face of the Holy Church.  Alexander dismounted and hitched his horse to the post there.  As Hephaiston did the same, he asked, "Here again, master?"
"It gives me comfort in dark days."  He pulled papers and a book from his saddle.  "And there have been few days as dark as these."
They walked up the many steps to the entrance where a bishop stood smiling.  Petar asked, "You are worried about our allies."
"Very much.  All of the work we've put into this after so many years.  We were brought together and now we are driven apart."
Hephaiston nodded at the bishop and the men entered one of the side doors and walked up the stone steps toward the high priest's study which overlooked the valley.  Every time he came to this room, Petar stared out the open windows across the green fields and scattered homes, back toward the village and the white Keep.  He marveled at the view because it was the opposite of the one he had seen for so long in the castle.
"What have you on your schedule?" Alexander asked.
Petar turned away from the windows.  "None but what you ask of me."  Mace sat at his table and pulled open books and papers toward himself.  He hunched over small pieces of thick paper and scribbled with dark ink.  The words were so small that Hephaiston could not read them though he stood right next to the table.  "Your worry over our allies, master."
"Hm."
"Is that worry magnified for Karpi and a certain general?"
Alexander looked up at the older man and he saw his winsome smile.  "Perhaps you should aid Marshal Leonnatus."  When Petar began to protest, Mace added, "Or simply observe.  I will want a report later today."
"Yes, master."  He bowed and left the study.
Mace then returned to his transcriptions, writing the collected knowledge of Argea onto small pieces of parchment.
XXIII
SINAS
974 Years After Colonization

"Another wave, highsword!" a captain yelled from ahead.
Niobe sat higher on her horse and looked to Grega.  She put on her helmet and gripped the pole of Sinas' banner tightly.  "How many waves are there?"
"This is four."  She rode toward the front lines and tried to steady her mount.  Arufei had been nervous since the second wave when he was injured.  She reached for his neck and lightly stroked it.  She whispered to him and looked down his right flank.  The bandage was still in place though it was spotted with blood.
The five horsefyrds of Calafatis and their sister city, Dubroja, had laid siege to Cavala for two months.  Six landfyrds were present, too, though one had been sent away on a mission.
The horsefyrds blocked the main opening from Cavala which looked east onto farmland.  For most of their time here, the invaders subsisted off the abandoned farms and stores, but even that was running low.  If two months and four thousand people could deplete those supplies, then Cavala must have more sources of food inside the mountains.  Yes, there was the sea, which Varca was supposedly assailing.  But would that be enough?
Sinas looked over the shoulders of the calarets in front of her and saw the charge of the Cavala.  Some four hundred men and women, on foot, wearing chainmail and tunics colored blue and yellow.  No more horses.  She hadn't seen any mounted units since the second wave.  These mountain realms lacked the mobility and tactical advantages of the eastern cities.
Grega looked toward her as she said, "Longbows, loose one.  First and Second Horsefyrds, encircle."  There was no fury and no joy in her orders.  This would be a slaughter.
The two groups rode forward with several units breaking off to the sides.  Behind them, eight hundred archers launched arrows into the sky and they fell onto the advancing soldiers.  Almost half collapsed to the ground.  The rest continued to scream and charge.
"Longbows, loose two."  Grega signaled.  Arrows were fired again and again, about half of the force survived.  "Horsefyrds, attack."  The calarets broke into a full gallop and within seconds, the remaining one hundred soldiers were bowled over by the animals and killed by their riders' swords.
"Highsword," Grega said.  When she faced her, she saw that she was using her field glass.  "The watchtowers are abandoned."
Sinas looked beyond the carnage before her to the mountains.  The pass was still barred by the large gate, heavily damaged by their earlier cannon fire, but the parapets on either side no longer had watchers and archers.  "Perhaps they were part of this wave."  Cautiously, she rode forward and she was soon joined by Lord Prozi.  She looked at him and said, "Highsword."
He nodded once.  "I have said you needn't call me that."  Denis Prozi had been named highsword by Dubroja's Governor Pachis so that city could claim equal spoils from Cavala.  Prozi, for his part, immediately deferred to Sinas when he arrived.  "What do you see ahead?"
"Nothing.  And this concerns me."
The wall of the mountains rose high and turned away from the fields.  The gate before them slowly began to open.  Immediately, Niobe's hand found the hilt of her sword until she saw the waving of the blue banner of Calafatis from one of the gate's parapets.  She smiled for the first time in days.  "They did it."
"Who?" Grega asked.
Immediately, she drove ahead and the others hastened to catch up.  Seeing the gates open and their leaders ride toward them, the horsefyrds and landfyrds rushed ahead, too.  Sinas stopped beneath the parapet in the shadow of the mountains and recognized the armor of the man standing twenty meters above her, waving the flag.  The calarets and soldiers went inside and distant shouting and gunfire was heard.
"She did it," Prozi said.  
Niobe nodded and shouted up at the man.  "Where is Lord Komu?"
"Below, highsword!"
Sinas turned and entered the gate.  The pass was longer than she expected and seemed to be an open-topped tunnel.  Halfway through, she saw Jova Komu.  "Lord Komu!  Excellent work!"
The woman was bloodied and out of breath.  She bowed and said, "Thank you, highsword."
Prozi asked, "How did you do it?"
She walked closer to the horses.  "There were no passes in the mountains for days.  Finally, one of our men found a way that pushed deep into them and doubled back.  We followed the passage, killed the watchers there, and descended into the valley just now."
Niobe shook her head.  "Almost a month in the mountains, lord.  I will see to it that you are rewarded."
Weary, she nodded and said, "The reward should go to my soldiers."
"Name them and it will be done.  First, see to your wounds and rest, Jova.  Thank you."
Komu put her hand over her chestplate and said, "Thank you, highsword."
Sinas rode through the tunnel and when she emerged, what she beheld took her breath.
The Glen of Cavala was verdant and stretched to the distant walls of the mountains.  Niobe turned her head and looked from the south to the north and marveled at size of these fields and wondered at how much could be grown here.  As her eyes moved to her right, they landed upon a pile of bodies covered in blood-soaked armor and tunics.  Ropes were still hanging from the face of a cliff from which Komu's landfyrd descended and removed the last of the defenders.  Perhaps the last.
A few other lords approached Niobe as she began to slowly move across the fields and take in everything.  One said, "The castle is in the far northwest corner of the valley."  The highsword nodded.  "My horsefyrd has it surrounded."
A small farmhouse stood several meters away and four members of the Calafatis landfyrds were holding two soldiers and three women at swordpoint.  "By order of the high priest of the Helernus Basilica, I command you to renounce your false god and accept the dominion of Olympus and its master, Lord Jupiter!"
The Cavalan shook his head and the chainmail clinked as he moved.  "Never.  The One True God is …"
The blade of the Calafatis moved quickly and redness sprayed forth onto the soil.  Two of the women cried out and dropped to their knees.  
"Soldier," Sinas said.
The young man turned, angrily, and his expression changed when he saw that he was looking up at her.  "Highsword."
"No more conversions for now.  Round everyone up and guard them.  When they've been assembled, we will demonstrate the consequences of false belief to them all at once."
"Yes, highsword."  He turned and grabbed the arms of a crying woman while the other Calafatis soldiers did the same.
Niobe looked at the lord to her left.  "Spread the word to all horsefyrds and landfyrds.  Save the conversions."
"As you've said, highsword."  He rode away to the west.
As Sinas watched her go, she spied a plume of black smoke rising in the distance.  "What is that fire?"
"I do not know, highsword," a lord said.
"Go and find out.  There is to be no burning!" she yelled as the lord rode away.  "What purpose does it serve to burn that which we come to claim?!"
Lord Prozi said, "There are several square kilometers of farmland here.  This and their farms beyond the pass."
"And their fishing from the bay," Niobe said.
"Indeed.  Will this be enough for both Calafatis and Dubroja?"
Sinas sighed.  "I do not know.  I have a nagging fear that it will not."
"Good."  She looked at him and he smiled.  "I have the same fear.  I am pleased to know that I am not the only pessimist."
"And what then for Calafatis?"  There was a gunshot to her right and her head jerked toward it.  "What shall we do when there are no more heathen cities to raid?"
"Then we raid each other.  As we have before."
She looked above the encircling mountain wall and into the bright blue sky.  "Would the Virgo come if we beckon?"
Prozi laughed.  "How do we beckon a vessel that moves beyond our world?"
"I have heard the Virgo left a beacon in Ouranus.  It emits no light or sound, yet the Virgo hear it."
His eyes narrowed, "How does it function?"
She shook her head.  "The Virgo remain beyond our understanding."
"Would they come?"
"I do not know."
Minutes later, they reached the far side of the Glen of Cavala and stopped beneath the face of the castle.  It was still and no noise emerged from it.  "Have you called out?"
"Yes, highsword," a lord said.  "There was no answer."
Niobe looked around and felt unease.  She turned and saw straggling soldiers and civilians being gathered and herded toward animal pens.  She saw thousands of her people yet only dozens of Cavalans.  One hundred, at most.
"Shall I prepare the report for Governor Pachis and High Priest Collias?" Grega asked.
Sinas was thinking and turned back to face the castle.  The stone was dark gray and its balconies were overhung with growing plants and flowers.  No faces or weapons were in the windows or doors.  There were flagpoles but they were bare.
"Not yet," Prozi said.  "Preftu Collias wants the number of conversions and we won't have that until later."
Niobe removed her helmet and tossed it to Grega without looking.  The signifier was startled by the move and awkwardly juggled it until she was able to grip it.  The lord slid from her saddle and walked between the rows of the calarets who stood watch before the castle.  Sinas planted her foot on the first step of the keep and looked up again.  Seeing nothing, she moved up the stairs quickly and toward the arches.
"Highsword!" Prozi called out.  "What are you doing?"
She walked into the entrance of the castle and felt the shift in the air temperature.  The coolness of a cave, fashioned into a home.  Candles and torches were not lit.  Shelves in the foyer were emptied of their books or art.  There was not a sound.  She turned on her heel and immediately stopped, listening to the echo of her move.  She then stalked out of the castle and stood on the edge of stone courtyard that faced the open valley and her invaders.  "They're gone."
Prozi nodded.  "Like the Moiri."
"Dismount!"  The calarets complied.  "Move into the castle and search every room and passage.  You are looking for a tunnel that leads deeper into the mountains.  Find it."  They ran past her, stopping at the dark entrance long enough to ignite the candles and torches that had been left on the walls.
She sidled past the abandoned horses and approached the side of Arufei.  After a kind pat, she mounted him again.  "Like the Moiri.  After Racari and Sebes found their keep abandoned, it was another week before they found the tunnels that led away from the city."  
"What do you make of a realm that is so easily abandoned?"
"I would say their leaders care more for their people than the land."  She looked to her left and her eyes scanned the mountain wall.  "I want a horsefyrd and landfyrd to search along the outer wall.  Look for any kind of passage that may lead away.  Or tunnels."
He looked at his signifier and nodded.  When the woman rode toward other lords, Prozi asked, "Why do you believe they forbade our joining them against the Moiri?"
"I do not know.  I believed the counsel I gave Domnu Manak was welcomed and appreciated."
"It was, to a point, I suppose.  They did give us information on the Cavala."
"And after our requests for aid were denied, we are here."
An hour later, they assessed what they found inside the main portion of the city.  Barely ninety soldiers and a few civilians.  Emptied storehouses, save for a few bins of spoiled food.  Unprocessed metals and rock.  Passages were found that led to quarries and mining operations.  A road was found that led south toward the bay and a landfyrd was dispatched to follow it.  And that was all.
A long table and chairs were brought out of the castle and set on the open courtyard that overlooked the valley.  The lords sat and began to plan their next maneuvers.
"Shall I send word to Dubroja and Calafatis of our success and our need for farmers and workers to be dispatched?"
Sinas nodded.  "Yes.  This was … unexpected."  In previous situations like these when their neighbors were invaded, the conquered people remained in place and simply toiled for new masters.  Here, there were too few.
Prozi leaned onto his hands and looked at the map unrolled onto the table.  "Where do you think they have gone?"
"If they have gone north, to the Koruthi," she tapped the point on the map, "they are lost.  Three cities are moving to besiege them according to the last word from Racari."
"The bay is useless," another lord said.  "Varca and Ouranus assail their ports."
"Moiri has been conquered and emptied," Prozi said.
"Karpi?" a lord asked.  "Too far?"
"Perhaps."  Niobe looked at the mouth of the bay.  "The Cavala were seafarers.  If they departed early enough, they may have avoided the Varca and sailed beyond this map and elsewhere in the world."
"What about this place?"  Prozi pointed to a spot farther south.  "Argea?"
"It is far."  Sinas shook her head.  "The mountains are treacherous there and I am doubtful that a large city could reside there comfortably."
"Highsword," a dirty soldier ran up the stairs with an envelope and bowed as he handed it to her.  
She broke the red wax seal and said, "Racari."  She read it silently for a moment and raised her eyebrows.  "It seems that Ouranus, Aytos, and Illuminus have attacked Karpi, Cavala, and several satellite settlements in the bay.  And armies from Pyrgas are marching this way."
Prozi said, "There are only so many spoils to go 'round."
"The world smells blood in the water."
XXIV
DRACO
974 Years After Colonization

Never before had Todan seen panic grip his people.
The streets of Koruthi were filled with carts, bustling from one corner to the next.  People were shouting and children were crying.  A cart lost its wheel and spilled green vegetables onto the gray, rocky path.  Others nearby bent over and helped gather the food and move the broken cart out of the way.
The elder moved through the crowd and looked down into the pass.  Far below, their farmland lay.  For days, the armies of at least two cities had camped upon it and seized their crops and workers.  The paths that led into the mountains were then blocked with boulders and wooden traps.  Their armies were close but they could get no closer.  Yet.
Todan left the entrance to Koruthi and walked through the square.  It took some time, but he finally reached the main meeting house, a large structure carved into the side of the mountain itself, like many of the oldest buildings here.  Suiting the Draco, there were no churches for worship and prayers were conducted in small groups in individual homes.  Those wooden structures were mostly abandoned and their occupants now streamed out of the city and north.
He entered the meeting house and found Elder Doxha sitting in her chair, surrounded by boxes, barrels, and lamps.  A drawing of her family was laid in her lap and her shoulders were covered by a blue blanket.  She squinted at him and waved.  He walked over the stone floor and knelt in front of her.  "Elder Doxha."
"Todan.  Good."
"The last are departing."
She nodded and patted his arm.  "You've done well."
His head drooped and he said, "I have not.  My actions brought them to us."
She grunted.  "They knew we were here.  You kept them at bay as long as possible."  He sighed and she continued, "The gold you earned selling our food to the heathen let you buy horses, yes?"
"Yes."
Doxha nodded.  "You had people on those horses, far away, keeping watch.  They saw their armies come and they rode to us."
"It bought us time."
"It will let us survive.  That is what the Draco do."  She nodded once and leaned back in her chair.  "The heathen almost obeyed your calendar.  We nearly had a full harvest."
Todan smiled.  "Nearly."
"How long before you are in the upper reach?"
"A day, at least.  Once we get through the northern passes, our progress will slow but theirs would be halted."
"Then you must go."
He shook his head.  "I cannot abide leaving you here."
"I do not ask you to 'abide' it.  I am doing it."  She flicked her hand toward the door.  "Now off."
"Are you certain?"
Doxha sighed.  "I am not."  His eyebrows raised at her candor and softened tone.  "I am frightened and I pray that The One True God will aid me."
"There are still carts.  We can still bear you away."
She shook her head.  "I will buy more time for your flight by emulating those desperate, demented Draco of old.  I shall become one of the Hopeless.  Now, go."  She smiled and cupped his cheek.  "Take care of our people."
His heart ached and he held her hand.  "Thank you."
Todan left the meeting house and stepped into the square.  There was only one cart remaining as the sound of chattering people and clattering wheels echoed from his left.  He went to the final wooden wagon and stood by his wife and two grown sons.  He asked, "We are the last?"
"Yes."
"Then let us go."

She lost track of time.  Doxha sat in the flickering candle and lamplight for hours.  The bluish light from the sun outside and above reflected off the gray walls of their city and faded when it set.  It rose again and she awoke.  She almost stood but then she remembered where she was and why.  Her fingers reached onto the top of a box and found a cup of water.  She sipped it and saw a shadow pass in front of her vision.
She looked and could not see.  The bluish light of day was there, but her sight was blurred, as always, thanks to her years.  Then a shadow came forward.  And another.  Soon, the light of day outside was gone, covered by shadows.
"Who has come?"
A woman with a heavy accent spoke, "We are the soldiers of Medias, here under orders from our count …"
"Yes, yes," Doxha grumbled, waving her hand.  "Why have you come?  There is nothing here."
"So it would seem," a man said to her right.  She turned toward him and could only see a tall man and bright colors.  "I am a lord of Bistriu and we have come to lay claim upon your lands."
"A lord?"  Doxha nodded and feigned deference.  "Please, bring all of your lords near so I can share my secrets."  The man called out and she heard more feet entering the meeting house.  
A moment later, the man said, "We are ready.  What secrets have you, old woman?"
She scanned the crowd and though she couldn't make anyone out specifically, she sensed that the space around her was full.  "My secret is this: we are the Draco."  Her heart raced at the thought of unburdening herself this way.  "We are the scourge of Zeus and the Olympians.  We are the children of Anaxo, Prometheus, and Kaladen, Messengers of The One True God!"  She heard the grumbling of the crowd and a few utterances of "blasphemy."  This only emboldened her and she reached for the tables on her right and left.  "Your false gods will not aid or protect you!  We have come from Larsa, Old Kobol, to bear the truth of The Great One!  And if he will not smite you, I shall!"
With all her might, she pulled on the tablecloths under the lamps.  Five of them crashed to the stone floor, spilling fire and oil onto the powder that waited there, hidden in the dark.  Smoke and sparks erupted around Doxha and she inhaled the scent with satisfaction as the heathen began to back away.  The boxes of powder and barrels of oil around her immediately caught light and exploded.  The centuries-old stonework around them cracked and collapsed.  The façade of the meeting house slid from the rockface and into the city square of Dobruja.  The few who survived the explosion were now crushed while their forces outside wondered at what might have happened.
Several kilometers to the north in the mountains, a distant sound was heard.  Todan stopped his family and looked south.  He tried to find where Koruthi may have been, but when he couldn't, and when he couldn't spy any smoke, he said a simple prayer and resumed his journey.
XXV
MACE
974 Years After Colonization

"Are you certain of this, master?"
Alexander was leaning on the edge of a stone balcony at the Holy Church, looking west across the valley toward the Keep.  The green fields and farmland between them were dotted with hastily raised tents and structures, lines of carts, cookfires, and huddles of refugees.
"I am sure of nothing in these times, Petar."
"I understand."  Petar stepped next to him and rested his elbow on the short wall.  "When will you do it?"
"Soon."  A young child's cry for his mother drew his gaze.  "It depends upon the news at today's council."
"We should depart for it."
Saying nothing, Mace nodded and left the office of the high priest.  He and Hephaiston exited the Church, mounted their horses, and slowly rode across the valley to the castle.  For the first few minutes, he tried to maintain a soft smile.  He found that he could not.  Alexander looked north toward the edge of the village and saw the lines of people waiting for food at one of the larger stands.  Then he faced south and tried to raise up in his saddle to see beyond the tents.  He couldn't.
"Master and Commander," Chamberlain Meleager greeted them at the entrance to the Keep.  "I was about to send a messenger for you."
"Yes?"
She lowered her head.  "We have received news as to the final disposition of the governor of Cavala."
Mace nodded.  "He is dead then."
"Yes."
Alexander looked into the entryway of the castle.  "Is everyone in the chamber?"
"I believe so."
"Very well."  He strode inside quickly.  "Join us."
He could hear the clamor as he climbed the stairs.  The crowd parted and allowed Mace, Hephaiston, and the chamberlain through.  Surrounding the large table map were the leaders of the realms in exile, their generals, and others.  Captain Seleucus was standing to the right of the table with his head lowered.  General Cassandra Antipater was embracing him.
"Captain," Alexander said when he reached his chair, "on behalf of Argea, you have our deepest sympathies."
He nodded.  "Thank you, commander."
"Let us begin."  He sat and those with seats did as well.  "Firstly, I would like to offer a prayer.  One True God above, I ask that you guide us in the days ahead and all our leaders who have terrible decisions to make."  Petar slowly looked toward him.  "Please care for those we have lost and care for those who remain.  So say we all."  The dozens of people in earshot repeated the salutation.  "Now.  The latest reports, please."
"If I may," Seleucus stood.
"Certainly."
The young man looked across the room without really making eye contact.  "With the confirmation that my father's ship was sunk in the bay and that there were no survivors, I advance to become the general of Cavala's forces."  He closed his eyes tightly and muttered, "Such as they are."  He raised his head and said, "My father designated General Ptolemy," he gestured toward a broad-shouldered woman who leaned against the wall, "as his successor.  So, I present Berenice Ptolemy, governor of Cavala."
There was scattered applause and a few chants of "here, here."  She stepped forward and bowed.  "Thank you, General Seleucus.  And thank you all."  She grew quiet and her voice lost its edge.  "I find that I have nothing to say that has not been said.  I would only state my people's desire to leave your good company, Commander Mace, and return to our homes when it is safe."
Alexander nodded and said, "Thank you, governor.  We will, of course, aid you in any way possible."  He looked toward Cassandra who was seated next to Seleucus and holding his arm.  "General, has there been any word from your father?"
She shook her head.  "No, commander.  The last message came two weeks ago as his fleet neared Moranus.  We can only hope that they have secured the bay there."
A general of Moiri extended his arm onto the table, drawing the attention of everyone.  "Is it true that the polys do not know that Moranus is a place of believers in The One?"
"That seems to be the case," Mace said.  "Their reports have made no mention of requests for aid or the movement of armies."  He looked at the small wooden ships that filled the space on the table representing the Bay of Erimiá.  "Fleets from Ouranus, Varca, and others have only been spied in our bay and along our coasts.  Not there."
"Is that enough to draw their ire?" a general from Karpi asked.  "If they knew Moranus was home to believers, would they attack?"
"Their faith demands it," Governor Perdiccas said.  Angered, she said, "Their priests have sent the armies of the east our way to convert us or kill us.  In the fight to escape Moiri, we slew one of their messengers and found their letters.  They were commanded to do so in the name of the Pantheon."
"The people we left behind," Seleucus said, "do you think …"
"General," Daphne said, "the people who remained bought escape for the rest so that the people may live.  Think not on the manner of their death; only the benefit of their sacrifice."
"Marshal Leonnatus," Alexander began, "what news from our forces in the Westward Valley?"
The older man shook his head.  "No contact since the enemy scouting party was slain a week past."
Mace furrowed his brow and looked toward the wall.  He sensed a darkness.  His skin grew cold and he shivered.  After a moment he looked at Governor Perdiccas, "Your watchers at the Western River?"
"No word of the enemy since they were stationed last month."
Again, he felt a shiver and he stood.  He looked down at the tabletop's map and his eyes danced over the mountainous bumps until he reached the Argean Valley.  "My friends, I have … a strong foreboding.  I fear that we are lulled into complacency."
Leonnatus saw that he had gone pale, "How so, master?"
"We feel safe in our valley though we know they approach.  The homes of our friends to the north are overrun and they would do the same to us if they could find us.  Argea," he looked toward the ceiling, "is home to nearly ten thousand people.  Today, that number is more than doubled as we aid our allies and their people."  He looked again at the table map and, using a long, hooked stick, began to move the boats.  "Varca, Ouranos, Illuminus, and the others here.  And here."  He reached across toward Moiri and pulled flat rectangles against the wall of the plateau.  "Racari, Sebes, could sail the river west and south."  He dragged the rectangle down toward the eastern gate of Argea.  "The cities that assailed Cavala and Karpi," he pulled other rectangles across the bay and over the bumpy mountains, "could take the northern passes or use the Western River."  He pushed another rectangle to the western coast near the Argean dock which was lost more than a month prior, "Or land forces here.  Sweep into the hills."  He dropped the stick.  "Once they find the Westward Valley, they will overwhelm our force there and then it is a cleared path to the northern gate of the city."
The others were silent and stared at the table.  Finally, Cassandra spoke up and said, "That is a dark possibility, commander."
"It is."
"Master," Petar said, "would this not require the cities of the wide world to have learned a lesson from us?"  He tried to flash a quick grin to lighten Alexander's mood.  "Do we believe they will have learned the benefits of unity after centuries of strife?"
"Have they not already?"  Mace picked up the stick and tapped the table at Moiri.  "Racari and Sebes."  He tapped Cavala.  "Calafatis and Dubroja."  He tapped the edge of the table near where Koruthi should be.  "Medias, Bistriu, and Sacele."
"Have we not heard from Koruthi since their last report?" a general whispered.  An under-marshal shook her head.
"Ouranos, Varca, and others in the seas."  He set the stick down again.  "They are working together, taking our homes, and dividing the spoils amongst themselves."  
Leonnatus nodded and said, "Agreed, master, but what would you have us do?"
Alexander took a deep breath and he quietly said, "We retreat to Moranus."  Several people began to talk to each other.  "We are beset by enemies and it is only a matter of time before we are besieged.  We cannot support our people and our guests indefinitely nor can we protect them."
"But Argea is a well-defended valley," Leonnatus said.
"Was not Karpi?"  He looked toward Cassandra and then Seleucus.  "Cavala?  Moiri?  Ours is larger, yes, perhaps more removed from easy travel, but we are not invulnerable."
Governor Ptolemy said, "I agree with Commander Mace."  Heads turned toward her, this towering, strong soldier, and she stared into each of their faces.  "Many of you were not there at the end of your cities.  Many of you were able to flee on ships or in caravans before the last, but I was there in the Glen of Cavala.  There were thousands of them.  Archers, riflemen, horsemen, and cannon.  We paid for the escape of our people in blood and I left many of my best behind to pay for more time."  She shook her head.  "If thousands came for Cavala, and thousands for Moiri and Karpi, and thousands on the sea, together, that could mean tens of thousands coming for Argea."
Alexander looked at her and nodded once.  "I want all able hands to craft boats.  The people of our cities will sail south on the Western River and make for Moranus."  Nearly everyone lowered their heads at such desperate talk and Mace said, "Do not think of this as an end.  The end will only come when the last of us lies dead at the feet of an invader.  The end will come when there are none left who might profess the truth about the Pantheon or speak of the love of The One True God."
Ptolemy nodded, "So say we all."
It was not enthusiastic, but most replied, "So say we all."
"Which brings me to another decision."  Alexander faced Leonnatus.  "Marshal, I am naming you as my successor."
The older man stood.  "Master, I am honored."
"When the people are able to move south," Mace glanced around the room, "I will go with them."
Leonnatus tilted his head.  "Master?"
"If I stay, marshal, and aided in the defense of Argea, we may survive.  I am certain, however, our faith will not."
"I do not understand, master."
Alexander reached for the fabric on his shoulders and removed the black jacket with its red mountain hawk sigil.  "I will resign my position as master and commander, but I will retain the title of high priest."
The marshal's mouth fell open and Chamberlain Meleager stood.  "Master, this is unprecedented."
"It is."  Mace smiled as though a weight had been lifted from him.

The sun was high above and the air was hot.  Alexander was sweating through his clothes but he did not mind.  He had spent almost three hours in the morning helping people plane wood for the boats and then another two hours helping assemble them.  He took a break for water, and as he sat on the ground, he saw a jar of white paint.
He stared at it for a long moment and then looked up at the older woman who was painting her birdhouse.  "Good day," he called.
She turned, saw who it was, and immediately bowed.  "Master.  Forgive me.  I did not know."
"Please.  I am no longer the master and commander."
"You are still the high priest, though."
He got up from the ground.  "This is true."  He walked toward her and looked at her birdhouse.  "It is lovely, but I must ask."
"Yes?"
"Why do you build this when you know we are to depart soon?"
She looked from Mace to her project and said, "We may leave, but the birds will still be here."
Alexander considered this and then he smiled.  "Thank you."  She returned his smile and bowed a little.  When he turned away, he looked again at the jar of white paint on the ground.  He stared at it and asked, "Are you finished with this?"
She bent over and lifted it from the grass.  "I am.  I was about to put it away."
"May I have it?"
She handed it to him.  "Certainly."
"Thank you."
He walked from the field toward the row of completed boats.  He looked at their prows and absentmindedly stirred the paint with the brush.  One.  All one in The One.  Everything is One.  He went to the nearest boat and painted a simple white circle, nearly half a meter in diameter.  He stepped back and stared at it.
"What is that?"
Mace looked down at the young boy.  "Hello, Darius."  He knelt and said, "You know about The One True God?"
"Yes."
"I wanted to paint something on the ship that would represent The One."
"One?"
"Yes."
"You didn't paint a one."
"No.  I wanted a symbol that means 'The One.'  A circle embraces us and our world."
The boy nodded and said, "I have an idea."
"Here you go."  He tilted the brush handle toward him but the boy had already dipped his finger in the paint.  "Oh."  
Darius walked to the side of the boat and smeared his finger at the center of the large circle, creating a smaller, solid circle at the center.  "There!"
Alexander nodded.  "I like that."  He stood and asked, "Would you like to help me?  We can paint my big circle and your little circle on all of the boats."  The boy clapped and ran to the next one.
After several were finished, Darius turned and said, "You have paint on your head."
"I do?"  He put the brush in the jar and felt his face with the clean palm of his hand.  Feeling nothing, the boy came to him, touched his forehead in the center, and ran away laughing.  Mace stood and reached up with his hand to wipe the paint off.  He was looking at one of the completed symbols as he did so and he paused.  A single finger, touching his forehead.  He heard Darius' laughter again and felt warm inside as he looked at the symbol of The One they had created together.
"Master!"  
Alexander turned and saw Petar ride up to him on his horse.  "What is it?"
His expression was dire and he said, "It is time."  
Mace dropped the paint and looked at Darius.  "You need to go home to your mother now."  The boy ran away as the high priest said to his attendant, "I'll meet you at the Keep!"  He ran to his horse, hitched a short distance away at the front of the Church.  He rode hard across the valley and it was only as he neared the Keep that he realized he should have looked around to take the sight in again, one last time.
"Master," an under-marshal greeted him at the courtyard as he ran up the stairs, "news from Moiri's watchers on the River.  Many boats were seen sailing this way."
"Thank you."
"And the Westward Valley!"
Mace stopped and turned.  "Yes?"
"Our forces at the Westward Valley are under assault.  A large group with many banners."
Alexander slowly entered the castle and saw that the entire council was in the main entryway discussing the news.  Seeing him, they turned and shouted the same news.
"Yes, I have just heard."
"After they take the Westward Valley, it is a three-day march to the northern gate."
"What of the river?  How long to reach us?"
Governor Perdiccas shook her head.  "It may take only two days to sail from there to here, but it would take time to disembark their men and materiel on the shore."  There were some groans, "And our messenger had only a one-day advantage."
"So we have one day?"  Alexander looked at them and continued, "We have one day to gather twenty thousand people and sail south?"
"Impossible."
"No," Leonnatus said.  "There are trees north of the landing point on the shore.  We can dispatch men there to fell them across the river and block their coming.  That may aid us."
"Please do so, master, at once," Mace said.  "I will begin the evacuation."
Leonnatus added, "I will also move the force from the northern gate to the river.  Should they come while the people are being moved, the enemy will be occupied."
"Thank you, master."  He lowered his head toward him and said, "I hope to hear of your success someday."
"So do I."  He turned and the various marshals stalked away with him.
Mace looked at Perdiccas, Seleucus, Casssandra, Ptolemy, and others.  "What will you be doing?"
"Aiding you," Daphne said.
"You will be safeguarding our people," Ptolemy said.  "So we will aid you however we might."
He led them out of the Keep and into the sunlight.  "Everyone is mostly gathered.  We simply must get them toward the eastern gate and begin the march to the river."
"The boats?"
"We have carts set aside to move them and they will be going first."  He faced them again, "You have soldiers remaining, yes?"
"Some," Seleucus said.
"We should have a few on each boat, should they encounter any enemies on the journey."
Cassandra looked at him curiously.  She stepped forward and rubbed his forehead with her thumb.  Seeing the white paint, she held it up and asked, "What is this?"
Alexander grinned.  "It means I am one in The One."
A short while later, he had gathered his precious books from his office at the Holy Church.  He stopped for a moment to draw a small solid circle surrounded by a larger circle on the inside cover of several of them before putting them in his satchel.  He threw it over his shoulder and ran from the building as priests and others carried their artifacts and books – already packed – out of the holy place and to waiting carts.
He ran to his horse and rode it to the eastern gate.  The crowd was thick with people and wagons of food as they waited for all the boats to go through.  Mace got off his mount and had a harness attached so he could carry one of the boat carts along the road.  With two of their ships affixed, he set off.  When the stone of the eastern gate passed over his head, he again cursed himself for not slowing down to take in the sight.  His horse bucked under the extra weight, but once it calmed, Alexander looked back and caught only a glimpse of the now-distant Keep before it faded from view.
XXVI
SINAS
974 Years After Colonization

"This is a tally of goods seized from Cavala?" the high priest asked.
"It is."
He nodded.  "And the three hundred we sent to you should be able to manage the fields."
"They should."
"Good.  Yet only seventy-six Cavalans chose to believe in the Pantheon?"
Niobe said, "Cavala was abandoned.  A few hundred remained as the last defense.  To enter the city, most were slain and of those that remained, a dozen chose death rather than defy their god."
Collias put the page down and looked from his chair to the triangular table where the Threfold sat.  "Your journey was long and you have been back for but a day, Lord Sinas, yet I feel the need to send you away again."
Confusion gripped her and she glanced at both Priests Lillis and Tulliu.  "Where, preftu?"
"Moranus.  In the west."
"I know of it.  Why Moranus?"
"It seems that the exiles of the mountain realms have sought refuge there."
Her eyes widened and she again looked at Lillis.  "Are the Moranus monotheist?"
"It would seem so," she answered.  "We received a message this morning from Lord Prozi who is camped near there.  At the bidding of Governor Pachis, he followed the Racari and other cities along the river that runs westward of the Great Plateau, before the mountains.  They found a great mass of people sailing south on the river to Mornaus and away from a valley fortress."
"Argea."  Sinas looked toward Collias and asked, "I knew that Prozi remained in Cavala when I departed him weeks ago, but why did he follow the other forces?"
"It seems that Governor Pachis did not fully trust that our allies would share all of their information with us."
"Well," Niobe said, "an unusually wise move for Pachis."
"Indeed."  Collias stood from his boat-shaped chair and walked toward the window.  "I fear that I must call upon you again, highsword.  I have spoken to our agriculture scholars.  They are not hopeful for our prospects if we do not expand."
"Did they account for Cavala?" she asked.
"They estimated.  And their estimates did not alter the course of our future."
She stood from the table and clasped her hands behind her back.  "Am I to go to Argea?"
"No, Lord Sinas."  The high priest turned away from the window, "You are to go to Moranus."
She did not understand.  "I know them to be wealthy, preftu, with many lands, but if they are already besieged by several cities …"
"You will stake a claim for Calafatis.  The message from Lord Prozi mentioned a council of the invaders and there was talk of equitable apportionment of Moranus' lands once they fall."
"I see."
"He has advocated on behalf of Calafatis, but the lords of the other cities will agree to nothing if we do not participate."
"I understand."  She stepped away from the table and pushed the chair back into place.  "I will muster our forces and depart at once."
"Very good."  Collias came to her and smiled.  "And, please, if the thousands of refugees are in Moranus, bring a great number of them to the Lords of Kobol."
"I will, preftu."  She bowed toward him and he placed his hand on her head.
"Go, highsword.  May Jupiter, Mars, and Minerva guide you in the days ahead."

The following day, three horsefyrds and three landfyrds gathered and departed.  They trekked toward the plateau and moved along its southern face in the days after.  No river ran here, but the fields were green.  As they rode through them, Niobe wondered at expanding Calafatis to this place.
Days later, they came upon lands without a castle.  Farmhouses were to the south and fields lush with stalks of grain.  An army rode upon them, however, and set fire to the homes.  She saw the flags of Pyrgas around the distant soldiers who slew the peasants there.  The forces of Calafatis moved on.
Two more days passed and they saw smoke rise on the horizon to the south.  They then came upon more fields that lacked crops and instead sprouted with thousands of tents.  Soldiers and horsemen were lined from the fields toward the crest of a hill.  As they cleared the ridge, they saw the scope of the siege.
Rows of thousands of archers and riflemen were at the end of the field, the rear of the assailants.  Next, there were thousands of horsemen, arranged in groups according to the cities of origin.  In front of them were swordsmen and pikemen, thousands again, and also so arranged.  Between the mass of over twenty thousand soldiers and the city, trenches and wooden structures had been erected to prevent any kind of charge.  And the city … it was unlike anything Sinas had expected.  Massive stone buildings and towers, some taller than even the Helernus Basilica.  It covered far more space than Calafatis and seemed densely packed.  The mountains lay beyond the city and the side of the plateau rose up in the distance.  As her eyes drifted back to the city, she saw something else.  Gleaming and white, it was a fortress on the other side of the bay.  It was massive, and when added to the size of Moranus itself, Niobe felt intimidated.
"Great Olympus," Grega whispered.
"Yes," she whispered.
"Where do we go?"
She looked toward the rear of the forces and saw a cluster of tents, some with ornate markings and lined with flags.  "There.  All fyrds are to remain here."  She rode as Grega signaled the groups.
She approached the largest of the tents and spied Lord Prozi's horse hitched outside next to his signifier.  He bowed toward Sinas and greeted her.
"Is he inside?"
"He is, m'lord."
She got off Arufei and wrapped his rein around the post.  His head nudged her and she stroked his face.  When she walked to the flap, Grega dismounted as well.  "Shall I come with you, lord?"
She looked up at the banners from all the strange realms gathered here.  "Not now."
When she entered the tent, she heard raucous laughter and loud discussion on the far end.  She looked and saw a table with various leaders eating and drinking.  Niobe scanned their faces, but he found her first.
"Lord Sinas."  Prozi had been standing to the side and he ducked under a banner and pulled her into the shadow.  "I am grateful that you have arrived."
"It seems to be quite a party that I've missed."
"Not as of yet."  He looked over his shoulder at the table and whispered, "Come.  We must discuss …"
"Prozi!" someone yelled.  As Denis winced, the voice said again, "Prozi!  Who is that there?"
He turned and gestured toward the new arrival.  "This is Highsword Niobe Sinas of Calafatis."
A man with black hair at the far end of the table put his goblet down.  He wore a dark blue shirt with a purple and black cape.  His breastplate seemed to be made of burnished silver and there was an embossed eagle clutching two lightning bolts at its center.  "This is Sinas?"  He stood and walked around the table.  "The one who freed the river single-handedly?"
"The same," Denis nodded.  She almost blushed.
"The Sinas who rode her horse into the sea and onto a Varcan warship?"
Now she smiled.  "I am rather proud of that one."
Standing a head taller than her, he made a fist and pressed it against the center of his abdomen.  "I am pleased to meet you."
"I am honored."  She bowed her head slightly and then asked, "And who are you?"
He seemed taken aback.  After gasping and then looking at the table of people behind him, who all laughed, he faced her again and said, "I am Jupiter Vasilje, lord of Ouranus."
She raised her eyebrows at both his name and the way he said it.  "Again, I am honored."
"Please, Sinas, join us."  He turned with a flourish of his cape and walked toward his seat.  "I know your journey has been long."
"It has and I thank you, but where might I find the maps of the city?"
Some of the guests chuckled.  "We are dining from them.  Much as we will dine from Moranus."  
There were some cheers, but Niobe took a step closer to the table, "Then when might I expect a discussion of strategy?"  She looked across the faces of the various lords and generals, some of whom she recognized.  "Or has it already happened?"
"We are discussing strategy now, Sinas."  Vasilje sipped from his goblet and said, "Now, join us."
Seeing the bleary eyes of a few of the generals, she said, "Perhaps later.  I must see to it that my people are taken care of."  
As she left the tent, Denis followed her, and she heard Vasilje call out, "Bring her in line, Prozi."
She stopped just outside the flap and faced her comrade with a glower.  "Who is this ass?"
"He is the lord of Ouranus."  He seemed tired.  "He wields the largest force here.  Some eight thousand men and women with another thousand in support.  Dozens of ships in the bay.  He has been," he looked toward the tent, "commanding the others through the weight of his own ego.  And the fear of his many swords."
Niobe shook her head.  "And no one will speak against him?  Though the rest command far more soldiers?"
"None."  He smiled as though he were about to tell a joke.  "I am certain he will tell you soon enough himself, but he … believes that he is a kind of demi-god."
She raised her eyebrows.  "What?"
"Yes.  It seems that many years ago during the time when the Virgo and Leo came to Dzeamin frequently, the king of the Virgo took a liking to the lady of Ouranus and bedded her.  He is their great-grandson or some such."
"Gods above."  She shook her head.  "Does he believe the Virgo are gods themselves?  It makes no sense."
"None.  But, he believes it.  His swagger is evidence enough."
She looked away toward the hill and wondered at where her fyrds had gone.  "Is there a plan?  Or is the plan to sit here and eat and drink the food of the peasants who lived beyond the city walls?"
"The plan, at this point, has been that.  To wait out Moranus and the mountain refugees."  Prozi craned his neck to look at the city more than a kilometer distant.  "I have my doubts that they can be waited out by us in our present state."  He looked at her again, "I know you and your men had little time to rest, but how many did you bring?"
"Three full horsefyrds and three full landfyrds.  And support.  Over three thousand together."
Denis nodded.  "That may be enough."  He took her arm and led her toward the waiting horses.  "There are some of us who have advocated action.  Those of us who can count and who know that the fields surrounding Moranus cannot sustain this many soldiers.  Vasilje has resisted, saying the numbers are not enough.  Now, we may convince him."
Two hours later, Jupiter said, "No."
"Why?" Niobe asked.  Vasilje seemed surprised that she would, but she persisted.  "We have nearly twenty-five thousand soldiers.  Why would we delay?"
"Delay forces their supplies to run low, Sinas."  Jupiter put a red fruit in his mouth and chewed.  As he did, he continued, "In time, their supplies will run out."
"Before ours?" Prozi asked.
Vasilje ignored him and kept his eyes on Sinas.  "Yes.  Before ours."
"And you know this?" she asked.  "When we took Cavala, their fields were bare and their storehouses empty.  They took their food with them."  She looked to the man seated at her left.  "When the Racari took Moiri, you found the same."
Domnu Manak lowered his head sheepishly and said, "It is true."
"And Karpi?"  She didn't know the woman's name, but Niobe recognized the blue-green shield with a sea snake on her chest.  "What did you find?"
"Many warriors, whom we slew.  But no food."
"And who took Argea?"  The Varcan nodded as did a general from Illuminus and an aide to Vasilje.  Domnu Manak and two other lords raised their hands.  "What did you find there?"
"A large castle," Jupiter said.  "A large temple to their false god.  And a lush, green valley, ripe for farming."
"How many people were there?"  Sinas looked around the table.  "How much food remained in their stores?"
"There were at least three companies of soldiers," the Illuminan general said.  "Three thousand with a great deal of fight in them."
"No burgmen?  Food?"  Several people shook their heads.  "What of the Koruthi?"
A woman from Medias said, "The realm was emptied save for traps and explosives.  I can assure you and Lord Jupiter," she nodded toward the man, "that none traveled south to Moranus.  My people maintained a watch on the many mountain passes."
Niobe nodded once.  "So there are thousands of people, possibly soldiers and burgmen alike, in both the city and its fortress.  And there are the collected stores of at least four realms inside as well."
"We do not know this."  Vasilje was becoming angered and he threw his goblet at the ground.
"Then where is the food?" Prozi asked.  "They have months of food, as well as what they collected from Moranus' own fields before we arrived."
She faced Denis and asked, "You found empty fields and empty storehouses?"
"Yes, highsword.  We have been drawing from our own wagons.  Some of us have sent soldiers far afield to claim what we may beyond the city's influence, but most of these forces have been here nearly two months."
Niobe nodded and looked at the lord of Ouranus again.  "Then it is clear.  We must attack.  We must attack now."
Vasilje looked around the table and saw the nods.  He saw the raised chins.  "Very well."  He stood and forced himself to smile.  "We will attack at dawn."

Sinas' eyes popped open as though she had never been asleep.
She sat up from her bed and looked toward the flap of her tent.  The sun was not up.  She considered lying back down, but there was nothing for it.  She knew she would not rest anymore.
When she stood, Esme entered.  "Oh.  You're awake, my lord."
"Yes.  Just now."
"Good."  She went to the chest and began to remove the armor.  "Shall we?"
Saying nothing else, Niobe nodded and stood still while Esme dressed her for battle.  Her eyes glazed over and she lifted her arms or legs only at the aide's prompting.  When it was finished, she said, "May the gods go with you."
The highsword looked at her as though it was the first time she had heard the words.  "Thank you.  And you, Esme."
The aide seemed disconcerted by Sinas' own disquiet and bowed as she left the tent.  She looked toward her waist and saw that her sword, dagger, and short rifle were already there.  Slowly, she exited and walked around the side toward the hastily erected stables.  She saw Arufei standing there, jerking his head against the restraint.
"Whoa, whoa."  She took the rein and began to stroke his neck.  "Did you not rest, my friend?"  In the pre-dawn light, she could see his bloodshot eyes.  "I am sorry.  Long I have said that we will do well so long as one of us sleeps.  I am sorry that it was my turn."  She kissed his face and led him out of the pen, and once she did, she climbed into her saddle.  She glanced around the fields and she spied the banner of Lord Prozi coming toward her, so she rode to meet him.  "Good morning."
"Morning, highsword.  Are your forces ready for the assault?"
"I have only just gathered myself.  I was about to ride to my fyrds and see."  She glanced toward the larger command tents.  "Has 'Jupiter Most High' made any adjustments to our plans?"
Denis smirked and said, "No."
"Not even after the lords of Sebes, Medias, and Pyrgas objected to being sent against the castle first?"
"No.  I am sure that Vasilje hopes the arrows and shot of the defenders will be depleted on them so Ouranus can slip in to their place."  
"Thus are they straddling the end of the bay, half near the keep and half by the city."
"Mmm."  Prozi looked around and seeing no one but his own signifier, he said, "Are you concerned?"
She thought for a moment and wondered at her discomfort this morning.  The odd way she felt separated from herself.  She concealed it.  "No.  No more so than before any battle."
"There are no forces in the streets of Moranus," he whispered.  "No archers or riflemen seen in the windows of their towers."  He shook his head.  "It reminds me of Gallia and I did not enjoy Gallia."
Sinas nodded and recalled the siege and invasion of that ancient city.  Warfare in the streets with no advance attack from the clouds of longbow arrows to weaken their forces.  She was only a young calarets then and her memory of the campaign was eased only in recent years as the desert grew, the forest shrank, and Gallia became nearly abandoned, save for some traveling gangs and pirates.
"I should look toward my fyrds and see that they are ready."
"They are in position before the second northern gate," he pointed over his shoulder.  "They look strong.  Fare well, highsword."
"And you, Lord Prozi."
She rode along the wide field north of the city.  She rode past row after row of swordsmen, pikemen, archers, horsemen, and more from cities across the continent.  She saw the blue banner of her people ahead and rode to it.  There she found Grega and the lords of each of the fyrds.
"Camping in the place from which you will attack has its advantages," she said.  "When the men and women wake, they are already in position."
"Indeed, highsword," one lord said.  "Good morning."
"And you."  She looked across their faces and saw excitement.  She was curious as to why she didn't feel it, too.  "Are your fyrds at the ready?"
In unison, they answered, "They are."
"Good.  And have the fabri finished the making of our ladders and rams?"
"Yes, lord."  He looked down the hill where they lay in wait.  "The walls of Moranus are not high.  The breaching should be swift."  
She looked across the landscape to the city more than a kilometer away and across the vast array of armies and cavalry assembled.  Still, to the south, a tall plume of black smoke rose against the final dark sky of early morning.  "What burns still?"
A lord looked over her shoulder and said, "The benzene fields of Moranus.  The oil they made for the Virgo and sell yet to cities of the far east.  The Ouranus, Illuminus, and Aytos all laid claim to them for their industries and could come to no agreement, so Lord Vasilje set the fields alight."
"So none could have it?"  The lord nodded and Niobe sighed.  She turned Arufei to face the city and stared at the gate that was their target.  "To your fyrds.  The horns will soon sound."
She stroked the mane of her horse and Grega stared at her.  After a moment, she asked, "Did you sleep well?"
"I did."
Grega's eyebrows raised.  "Many times I have asked that question and every time you have said that you did not."  She shook her head.  "This does not bode well."
She focused on her horse and tried to meditate her ill mood away.  She felt for the engraved beads on her bracelet.  May the Lords of Kobol bless us.  May Mars guide our swords, she tapped the bead with Mars' symbol on the saddlehorn.  May Jupiter strike down our enemies, she tapped the bead with Jupiter's, too.
"I was not privy to the meetings of strategy, highsword," Grega began, "but is there to be no assault on the city before we attack?"
"You have a field glass," Sinas said.  "Do you see archers or soldiers of the enemy assembled in the streets?  Any target for our longbows or rifles?  Besides, our assault's master wishes the city to remain intact.  Thus, no cannon."
She looked to the city and saw nothing.  She reached into her saddle bag and removed the field glasses, but she didn't bother to raise them to her eyes.  The signifier sighed and looked at the siegeworks near the walls and gates.  The wooden posts had been removed and the trenches filled in.  "No siege engines or ballista …"
She turned to her, frustrated, "Shall I name you a lord so you can parry tactics with the generals and nobles in the command tent?"
"No, highsword.  I beg forgiveness."  Grega lowered her head and straightened her horse, pulling it a few steps away from hers.
After a deep breath, she softly said, "I am sorry.  I am uneasy."
Grega asked, "Moreso than usual?"
"Yes."  Far away, near the city walls, horns began to blow.  The sky to the east was orange with a new day.  "I have a fear."
The signifier tightened her hold on the reins and gave the banner a flourish.  "Hearing of your fear has now given it to me."
She saw the waves of men to her left begin to swell toward the city walls.  "Advance."
The signifier tilted the banner forward and the fyrds of Calafatis moved toward the second northern gate of the city.  The fabri and landfyrds of Calafatis broke upon the wall and pressed their ladders against it.  Men and women streamed up the rungs and into the enemy's territory as others hefted great iron-bound tree trunks against the gate.  With the first knock, it swung open.  The soldiers were confused and looked at each other, but, quickly, they dropped the ram, pulled their swords, and ran into Moranus.  Soon, the soldiers abandoned the ladders and simply ran through the open gate.  
Niobe clapped her legs against Arufei and rode him hard down the slope and toward the city.  The horsefyrds followed her and there was a clog of people at the entrance.  Swordsmen, archers, and riflemen began to use the ladders again to free up space.  Surrounded by hundreds of her people, her eyes went to the stone buildings above.  She darted her gaze from one to the next.  "Beware the buildings!" she cried.  
"It looks to be a trap," Grega said.  Sinas simply nodded.
"Push ahead!" she yelled.  "Clear the streets near the gates!"  Within a few minutes, her landfyrds had completely entered the city and her horsefyrds were nearly inside, too.  Soldiers ran into the first floors of each stone house and tower they passed, and, finding nothing, they emerged and rejoined the crowds.  Soldiers pulled fruit from the many trees and vines that lined the walks and walls.  They all were packed together on the stone streets, a mass of armored flesh that flowed from the outer edges toward the center.  As they moved, she saw several men slip and fall.  And again.  Then a horse near her seemed to lose its footing.
When the fyrds of Calafatis met the fyrds of Dubroja on one side and the soldiers of Aytos on the other, Niobe turned around and looked to the buildings again.  "Could all of the people be in their keep?" Grega asked.
"Landfyrds of Calafatis!"  She raised her sword and drew the eyes of all her men and women.  "Search every building!"  When she turned Arufei around again to face the center of Moranus, he, too, lost his footing and neighed his displeasure.  Niobe looked toward the stone street beneath them and between the feet of soldiers who pressed near.  She saw a glistening, as though the stones were damp.  Yet it did not rain in the night.  "Clear away!"  Frightened, the soldiers nearby backed off and she could see in the early morning light that the wetness was brown-black and covered the streets.  "What is that?"
A rifleman bent lower and ran her fingers in the groove between two stones.  She sniffed it and jerked her head back in disgust.  "A foul oil of some kind, lord."
A chill raced over her body and her mouth fell open.  She turned Arufei around as quickly as she could and began to scream, "Fall back!  Fall back!  Out of the city!  Everyone, get out of the city!"  Grega raised the banner high and dipped it toward the gate now some distance behind them all.  The nearby lords from Aytos saw her and were confused.  They began to yell at her, but over the clamor, they couldn't be heard.  Soon, their queries were drowned by screams.
From the stone towers that overlooked the main thoroughfares of Moranus, fire poured like water.  It slapped against the helmets and backs of hundreds of soldiers.  Those with them raised their shields, but the flames rained over them, too, and ran over their bodies and to the streets below.  That is when the very ground beneath them all became fire.
A dense, acrid smoke rose from all around and the air wavered with heat.  Screams filled everyone's ears and they ran into each other, some impaling themselves on their comrades' swords and pikes.  They fell to the ground and were trampled, tripping others.  Dozens dropped into the flames as more poured from the tallest buildings along every street in the city.  
The horses reared and some threw their riders into the fire.  Many others bucked and charged through their own soldiers.  Arufei did the same and cried out, driving toward the gate through which they had just come.  A firefall poured from a window ahead and Niobe pulled the rein to her right with all her strength to get him to avoid it and he turned at the last.  The outer wall was within sight and she could see soldiers on fire trying to climb the five meters to get to the other side.  This confused her until she saw that the gate had been closed and locked behind them, trapping their armies in this pit of flames.
Arufei rose up again and caught Sinas by surprise.  She nearly tumbled away but managed to get her foot free of the stirrup at the last second.  She was standing on the street and felt the heat of the stones through her boots.  Fire was not under her because the bodies of the archers nearby had rolled on it, smearing the oil onto their clothes, and making themselves the fuel.  She looked at her horse as it raged and saw his singed hair along his legs and flames that ran up his haunches.  She ran to him and began to clap her hands on the fire, but this caused the horse to buck and run again.  
"Stop!"  She ran after him, stumbling over another cluster of burning bodies.  In frustration, she removed her dark helmet and threw it down as she neared him.  Arufei turned and shook his head.  Fire was climbing along the reins that dragged onto the street and it reached the saddle.  The horse went wild and cried out.  The sound shook her to her core and her head quivered.  After a sharp breath, she steadied her face and strode toward the whirling animal.  All of his hair was engulfed, including his tail and mane.  His forelegs buckled and knelt against burning soldiers.  The flames lapped at his face, causing him to jerk away, but he couldn't seem to cry out any longer.
Sinas withdrew her short rifle and pulled the hammer back until it clicked.  He tried to stand and stumbled again, whimpering as the smoke poured off him and fire ringed his neck.  She aimed it at his head and waited for him to look at her.  Finally, Arufei did and she fired.  Immediately, he collapsed.
She turned and closed her eyes.  Tears ran over her cheeks and she heard the screams of her men.  She opened them and saw half of her fyrds on the ground, either motionless or trying to crawl away from the flames.  Niobe holstered her weapon and then drew her sword.  She turned to the building nearest her and looked up.  There was a window above.  She wasn't certain that fire had poured from it, but she would find out.  
She opened the wooden door and saw a man descending a ladder, wearing a jacket of silver and white.  He was stunned to see her and froze.  She lunged and drove the point of her sword into his throat.  As he fell away, someone else began to come down the ladder.  She jumped forward and kicked it.  A woman fell to the floor and Sinas immediately ran her through.  She was also wearing silver and white.
Sinas ran out of the building and heard the continued screams all around her.  Some were coming from streets over.  "Rise up!  Fyrds of Calafatis, rise up and strike back!"  There were some who had escaped the fire by leaping onto tables and benches along the street.  They left their refuges and followed her into building after building.  Niobe slew three in one tower and two in another.  When she got into the street again, she saw a man in blue and yellow being thrown from a third-storey window.  
"Highsword," Grega said, out of breath.  She was filthy with burns on the right side of her face.  Her right arm was burned as well and she kept it close to her side.  "Are you well?"
"Well enough."  
She lifted a bloodied jacket.  "The colors of Karpi."
She nodded.  "I have seen the colors of Cavala and Moiri, as well."  She looked up and down the lane and quickly guessed that some three hundred of her people were upright and fighting.  "Is this all that remains?"
Grega shook her head.  "There are more of ours on the cross streets and alleyways.  Calafatis still fights."
Hearing her say that gave her strength and she ran into the center of the road.  "Purge the buildings and kill all you find!"  A cheer went up from her forces and she said, "Push west toward the bridge!"
The fiery oil in the roads had died out.  The stench and smoke remained, as did the hundreds of smoldering bodies of both man and horse.  On the main thoroughfare again, Sinas met up with what remained of Dubroja's fyrds and saw Prozi approach on his singed mount.  
"Highsword."  He looked at her with sympathy, seeing the burns and blood on her armor.  "We are at half-strength, at best." 
"As are we."  She looked behind her and saw the swell of landfyrds and calarets without horses.  "But we are not finished!"  She raised her sword.  "To the bridge!"
The armies pushed toward the next main intersection.  Ahead they saw a building that still poured fire from its windows.  Sinas gripped her sword tighter and picked up her speed.  The forces were in a full charge when they saw the top of that building explode.  Flames and smoke gushed out in every direction and the stone face fell onto the street below, burying dozens of soldiers from Ouranus.  From some buildings on their left, a small group of soldiers wearing red, white, and gold ran out and toward the next street.
"Riflemen!"  Haphazardly, dozens of shots were fired and all of the Moranus soldiers fell to the ground.  "Lord Prozi," she called.  She looked to her right and saw him near.  "Have your men sweep these buildings."
"Yes, highsword!"  He turned away and barked orders.
Soon, they rounded the corner and found themselves on another main road, but this one ran along the bay.  Emptied markets stood on the top of the bay's wall and stairs descended to the water.  There, several Varcan ships were ablaze.  The street was blackened from the fire and the stone façades of the towers and buildings were sooty.  Before them, however, there was the stone bridge that crossed the bay toward the castle.  They could see smoke rise from the northern and eastern sides of the fortress, but there seemed to be no battle within its walls.
Several companies of soldiers from Ouranus and Aytos were standing along the road, facing the castle.  When the Calafatis moved forward, they could see why.  About forty bodies littered the stone bridge with not a single person more than a third of the way across.
"Lord Vasilje?" Niobe called out.  She turned again and again and finally saw one of the Ouranan generals push through his men.
"Lord Sinas."
"Where is Vasilje?"
He shook his head.  "I do not know."  He looked across the bay at the fortress.  "They have long rifles and good eyes."
"The smoke," she nodded her head toward it.  "I gather that our friends about the castle met with the same fire that we did."
"I believe so.  On last report, Sebes and Medias were devastated and in full retreat.  Pyrgas fared little better, but they held their ground beyond the spouts of flame."
She faced the buildings of this main street and saw banners of Varca and Illuminus coming from the south end of the city.  "Have these buildings been checked?"
"We did.  There were Argeans, Cavalans, and Moranans in them."
Niobe moved between the Ouranan soldiers and came to the low wall over the bay.  To her right, the bridge began and ran over the water to the other side.  She squinted and tried to see people on the fortress' walls or towers, but she couldn't.  
"We should press ahead with our horses," a mounted lord said.  "Ride to their gates and let the footmen bring up the rear."
"If you do that, you will doom us all."  Sinas walked away from the scene and looked up at the dandy man in his armor, unbesmirched by fire or injury.
"Who are you?"
"Highsword Sinas of Calafatis and Dubroja."
His expression softened.  "I recall you from the tent."  He looked across the bay and asked, "And why should we not charge with our horses?"
"Because their rifles will kill them and block the bridge with their bodies."  Her throat tightened and she found that she had to swallow past it.  "Then everyone will be trapped behind them and still in their sights."
"I see."  The Illuminan lord turned and rode to the side with a few of his generals.  
She muttered, "How did he come this far without a single mark to prove it?"
The general from Ouranus shook his head and said, "The southern gate did not close behind their forces, I hear.  He and his horsemen were able to flee until the fires died down."
Niobe grumbled and looked again at the castle.  There wasn't a sound of gunfire or clashing swords coming from it.  "Is there no one laying siege to that fortress now?"
"I think not."
"We must encircle them or the siege is lost.  The Illuminans are still mounted.  Let them ride to the fortress and hold the perimeter until they can be reinforced."
The general lowered his head and voice.  "All battle commands must be issued through Lord Vasilje."
Her fist tightened on the grip of her sword.  "Then where is he?"
He looked over his shoulder.  "Perhaps at the camp."
"Still in his tent?"  When he nodded, she stalked away from him and swore, "Gods damn him!"  She found a few of her lords and ordered, "Gather your men.  We are on the move."
"Yes, highsword."
Once the fyrds had fallen back to the center of the city, she had them form up.  She had one full landfyrd and half of another.  She had the calarets of two full horsefyrds, but barely one fyrd's worth of horses.  "Is this all?"
"Aye, highsword.  Those who are not dead are too wounded for battle."  Grega gripped the pole of her new pennant.  "My pardon for having lost your banner in the fire.  This one was unburned."
She looked up at it and saw that it was for the Third Horsefyrd, the group she led most often in years past.  "That will be fine."  She drew her sword, raised it, and faced her soldiers.  "We are marching to the walls of the castle!  We will stay beyond their fire and beyond their arrows and rifles!  Gather what weapons as you can from the dead as we pass."  As they began to walk, she said to Grega, "Find Lord Prozi and have his fyrds march after us."
"Aye, highsword."
They walked through the burned streets with many of their own number injured.  Warily, they checked the bodies of the dead men and women of other cities and lifted swords from them, some of which were still hot to the touch. They walked over charred corpses and by more than a few horses.  Niobe kept her sight ahead so as to not think of Arufei.
The gates at the city walls were open again and they marched from them and turned to the west.  Sinas looked up the far hill toward the command tent.  She thought of charging there after Vasilje, but she continued on with her forces.
The soldiers of Calafatis and Dubroja rounded the end of the bay, halfway between the city and the castle, and began to ascend a small ridge toward the mountains that encircled the fortress.  She knew there was a plain on the other side where they could camp.  This would be where Sebes, Medias, and Pyrgas had been the day before.
"My lord!" someone cried out.  "My lord!"
The soldiers continued to march, but Niobe turned and saw a messenger from Ouranus riding toward her.  "Yes?"
"My apologies, lord," he bowed to her and continued, "but Lord Vasilje has ordered that the siege of Moranus is to cease."
It was as though she had been struck.  "Cease?"
"Yes, m'lord."
She walked toward him and stood by his side.  "Why?"
"Lord Vasilje has issued the order.  I know nothing else, my lord."
She ground her teeth and looked away.  Seeing Grega's stern face, she faced the young man again and said, "I have a message for Vasilje.  Tell him to come see me and explain to me why we are to halt this siege!  I will do no such thing until I have a sufficient reason to do so."
The messenger backed his horse away and bowed again, "Yes, my lord."
She wringed the hilt of her sword and Grega asked, "What are your orders, highsword?"
Sinas watched the fyrds of Calafatis and Dubroja pass by her.  Dirty, burned, bleeding.  Angry.  They began to move down the ridge toward their new positions.  "Where are our support personnel?"
"At the other camp."
"Bring them here."  She looked along the ridge and saw a small area that was partially sheltered by an outcropping of rock.  "Place our largest tent there."
"Yes, highsword."
"Then," Grega seemed surprised that there was more, "I want you to send messengers to the lords and generals of every city except Ouranus."
She grinned.  "Aye.  With what message?"
"Meet me there in one hour."
The time came and there were nearly two dozen men and women crowded into Sinas' tent.  She looked across their faces and armor and saw that most of them had suffered the same as she and her men.  She also noted that every city except Ouranus and two others had come.
"Was a messenger sent to the command of Illuminus and Sacele?" she asked.
"Aye, highsword," Grega said.
"Very well."  She faced the others as they chatted and raised her hands.  "Thank you for coming.  Am I to assume that we have all received a message from Ouranus telling us the siege was at an end?"
Some of them laughed while others barked in anger.  "Pluto will tell me when the fighting is done!" one screamed.
Niobe nodded.  "Indeed.  We have suffered grave losses in their fires."  She shook her head and grunted, "This god of theirs is evil indeed if this is the war they wage."
A general from Aytos chuckled and said, "Cities in the east used this fire before in the War of the Forest.  It was nothing new."
"And yet we were not warned of it?!" Domnu Manak of Racari asked.  "Yet you said nothing when the stench of their oil was in our noses?!"
Bickering erupted among them all and Sinas pounded her fist on the table.  "Quiet!"  Once it stilled, she asked, "Are those of us here still willing to fight?"  The response was hearty and positive.  "Then let us make plans."
She raised the map from the table and pinned it to the canvas of the tent with Grega's help.  "The cities of Calafatis, Dubroja, and Pyrgas are camped here, to the north of the fortress.  This field is the largest and while we may gather more soldiers here, it may also serve as a finer killing ground for their rifles and arrows, so we should be wary."  She pointed to the mountains west of the fortress.  "There is a valley here.  What do we know of it?"
"It is barren," a general from Pyrgas said.  "We had scouts there looking for some advantage.  There is an approach to the rear of the castle, but it gave my captains unease.  They feared traps and caves."
"Some should be placed there if the heathen plot an escape," a lord said. "I volunteer the forces of Bistriu to keep watch of the valley and the rear."
Niobe nodded and marked the map.  "Please keep messengers at the ready should you see an attempt to flee or the massing of troops."
"We will."
"What of the bridge?" a Varcan captain said.
"They have a keen watch on it," a lord from Aytos said.  "Riflemen and archers await on the castle walls for any to cross it."
Prozi said, "And it would be folly to attempt a charge.  Whether by horses or men, the bodies would stack and the way would be blocked."
"Yes, though we should keep a force there at the ready if their riflemen or archers are otherwise distracted."
"Agreed."
"Varca will man the bridge." 
Sinas nodded and wrote on the map again.  She saw a woman whose face was wrapped in bandages come through the flap of the tent.  She stared at her and tried to identify who it was, but she could not.  "Greetings."
She tried to speak loudly, but she only coughed.  The other lords and generals parted for her and she limped to the table next to Niobe.  With a loud whisper, she said, "I am Commander Minhea of Sacele.  My soldiers are almost all gone and lost to the fire."  The others lowered their heads in respect and leaned closer to hear her.  "We discovered tunnels," she coughed, "tunnels under the city.  Under many buildings, including the palace."
"To where did they lead?"
"There were as many as there are roads above.  They lead … all over."
"Are these sewer tunnels?"
"Some are," she coughed again, "some are not."
Niobe looked across the tent, "Who has a messenger at the ready?"
A general raised his hand, "I do."
"Ride to the city at once and warn whosoever is there to check the buildings again and sweep these tunnels.  There may be more of them and their fire below."
"Go now."  A young girl ran away from the tent.
"Commander," Prozi began, "could these tunnels lead under the bay and to the fortress?"
"I do not know.  After the fire, there was confusion.  I sent men into the buildings and a few returned with reports of the tunnels, but there were many who did not return at all."
Sinas looked at the map again and tried to imagine tunnels that led from Moranus and into the castle.  Under the bay … or around its edge?  The coughing of Minhea drew her thoughts back to the injured woman.  "Thank you, commander.  Please, go rest.  Grega, will you …"
"Of course, lord."  She stepped around the table and took her arm.  "Come, commander."
When she was gone, the Varcan captain said, "We should explore these tunnels more fully and see if they lead to the fortress."
"Agreed.  Aytos will map them."
"Be wary of soldiers and traps," the lord from Bistriu said.  "The commander said some of her people did not return."
"And beware the smell of oil in the tunnel," Manak said, "lest they plan a new fire below."
"What is this?"
They looked to the rear of the tent and saw a general from Ouranus.  He pushed his way through the crowd toward Sinas.  This was not the same man she had met earlier near the bridge and his armor was not scuffed or damaged from battle.
"This is a meeting of lords and generals who are still willing to fight," a Varcan lord said.
A brief cheer went up and the Ouranan shook his head.  "Lord Vasilje has ordered the siege to cease!"
A burned general from Pyrgas grabbed the man by his clean blue and purple cloak.  "I am not a subject of that ass Vasilje!"  A louder cheer went up from the crowd.
"Tell me, general," a woman from Aytos asked, "how many did Ouranus lose this morning?"
His eyes darted away and he quietly said, "Nearly two thousand."
Niobe leaned onto the table and asked, "And does your blood not boil?  Do you not hear the cries of your men and women?  Your horses?  Do you not hunger for revenge?"
"What I feel is not the same as what my lord orders and has ordered," he was drowned out by the others.
"I will tell you what I told Vasilje's messenger," Sinas said, "have him come see me and explain why we are to cease."  The general swallowed hard and again darted his eyes away.  "Unless you know.  You do know, do you not?"
The generals and lords crowded closer to him.  "Why?  Tell us why."
"General," Niobe said.  "If you know why, you best say so if you wish to leave this tent in the same state you entered."
He looked up into the faces of the large men and women around him and bumped against the table.  "Very well!  He was paid."
"Paid?" Prozi barked.  "Paid by Moranus?"
"No.  Dacia."
Manak asked, "Dacia?  What does Dacia have to do with this?"
A Varcan lord was nodding.  "Dacia has dealings with the Virgo and they buy benzene from Moranus.  More than either Ouranus or Illuminus buys, I believe."
"But Vasilje burned the oil fields to stop the fighting," the Aytos lord said.  
"Hm.  Perhaps we know why Illuminus did not join us.  If they have an agreement for the oil with Dacia and Ouranus …"
"The point remains, general," Sinas interrupted, "we are not subjects of Vasilje and we were not given Dacian gold for the blood of our men and women."  There were many grunts of approval.  "The fight will continue and the castle will be besieged."

For three nights, Niobe slept hard.  On the fourth, she was awakened by the distant crack of gunfire.  She ran from her tent and looked toward the fortress.  She saw nothing out of place.  The armies now allied with her still maintained their watch on the castle and the hills around it.  The camps of her own forces were near and undisturbed.  She looked to her left, toward the city, and heard more gunfire.  The faint sound of metal crashing against metal.  She looked down the ridge and saw Grega coming to her with a sheet of paper.  "What is happening?"
"'Tis a night of ill news, highsword."  She caught her breath for a moment and said, "Hours ago, word came that the Varca took the lands the Racari and Sebes claimed from the Moiri."
"Varca," Niobe tried to think clearly since she had just been awakened, "conquered Moiri, though Racari and Sebes had claimed it?"
"Yes, lord.  Nearly all the new settlers there were slain.  Domnu Manak sought satisfaction and he was killed by a Varcan captain."  Her eyes widened.  "Now the Racari and Varca battle below in the city."  Before Niobe spoke, Grega said, "You need to read this, lord."
For the first time, she looked at her directly and noted the concern on her signifier's face.  She took the paper from her hand and saw the seal of Calafatis alongside the seal of the Helernus Basilica.  A message from High Priest Collias.
"Highswords Sinas and Prozi," it read.  "It grieves me to write you in such a time, but you must know these events.  Your efforts to gain the lands of the Cavala on behalf of Calafatis and Dubroja have been for naught.  A messenger informed us that the armies of Ouranus swept into Cavala and claimed the land for themselves."  She looked at Grega and she nodded.  "The workers we had sent to that place to farm for the benefit of our cities have been enslaved by these new masters and will not be freed.  I fear you must return to Calafatis at once and we must make new plans for the future of our cities."
She lowered the paper and faced Moranus.  There was more gunfire, more clanging of swords on swords.  She looked into the sky and saw Dzeamin's twin world, half full and shining brightly with blue oceans.  "Prozi has seen this?"  She nodded.  "Have him join me here."
"Yes, highsword."  Grega took the letter from her and raced down the ridge and toward Dubroja's troops.
"Esme?" she called out.  Her aide came from her nearby tent.  "I need to dress for war."
Niobe stood on the ridge and stared at Sora, the sister world, remembering the fanciful tales from her youth.  How different my own adventures have been.  Within minutes, she was suited, and she wrung her hand on the hilt of her sword again as Prozi came to meet her.  He, too, was prepared for battle.  "I have read the letter.  Dubroja will do all you ask."  
She was silent for a long moment.  "Let us go see Vasilje."
They walked quietly down the ridge, across the field, and up to the main command tent.  It was lit from within by lanterns and there was the sound of laughter.  Sinas seethed and her pace quickened.
She parted the flap and saw the lord of Ouranus downing a goblet of wine, standing near the center of the room as his generals and aides fawned around him.  Niobe crossed the distance swiftly and smacked the cup from his hand.  He was startled and faced her. When he did, she backhanded him and he fell across a table nearby.
The generals stood and cried out as Vasilje righted himself.  "How dare you?!"  She smacked him across the face again and he backed away toward the long meeting table.  He stopped his retreat and grabbed the shoulders of her jacket and mail.  They struggled to a standstill and he smiled, "I will kill you for the dishonor you have shown me!"
"Look down."
When he did, she cocked the hammer of her short rifle.  Its barrel was planted firmly in his abdomen against his scale mail and beneath his silver breastplate.  His mouth fell open and he muttered, "Is that …"
"It is your death."  His eyes widened and he released her.  "You will listen to me."  He nodded once.  "You may sell yourself and your soldiers, but the people of Calafatis and Dubroja are not so easily bought.  You and the other cities of the east have enjoyed our aid and have spent the lives of our people in this folly of a siege.  Toward what end?  So Varca may take Moiri away from those who claimed it?  So you may take Cavala from us?"
He raised his hands and began to plead, "I did not know this would happen!"
"Let me be clear," she pressed the barrel into him harder.  "You are not besieging the fortress because you were paid to slink away.  Secondly, you knew Cavala would be taken from us.  Did you not?"  When he did not speak, she jammed the weapon again, "Did you?"
"I did!"
"You were happy to have our aid when it suited your aims.  Keeping our forces here in an endless siege to ensure you might take our far-away claims for yourselves.  Then you sold the dead bodies of your soldiers and steeds for gold and oil.  And you would speak to me about dishonoring you?"
His face twisted and he said, "I am Lord Jupiter Vasilje of Ouranus!"
"You are the descendent of a whore who spread her legs for a man who came to her on a ship from the sky."  He grumbled and shook his head.  "For this, you would claim godhood?"  When he struggled, she pressed the weapon to his ribs.  "Give me leave to fire.  I beg you."
His fight diminished and his muscles relaxed.  Finally, he asked, "What do you want?"
She breathed deeply.  She wanted to fire her weapon and remove this waste of a man from the world, but there was another pressing concern.  "The burgmen of Calafatis and Dubroja who were tending to the land of Cavala.  They live?"
He nodded.  "Those who did not fight were kept as servants."
"They are to be freed and returned to our cities.  Now."
He looked into her eyes and saw no wavering.  He snapped his fingers and said, "Paper."  A woman came to his side and gave him a sheet of paper and quill.  He scribbled a few lines and held it up to Niobe, who read it and nodded.  "A messenger is to take this to Cavala, with haste."  The aide took it from him, rolled it, and went to a desk.  After wax was dribbled on it and she stamped it, she ran from the tent.  "It is done."  Sinas took a step away from Vasilje and his shoulders sagged.  He glanced up and saw that the rifle was still pointed at him.
"Is this to be the way of the world now?" she asked.  "Are we all to be Thyestes, eating each other?  The Varca will dine on the Racari and Sebes.  Ouranus on Calafatis and Dubroja.  I wonder.  You did not take Argea alone.  Did you make an agreement with Varca?  Do the lords of Bistriu, Aytos, and Illuminus have reason to fear for their new holdings?"  He looked down and away.  She nodded.  "I see that they do.  And I will see to it that they know." 
When she reached over with her left hand to ease the weapon's hammer down, Vasilje straightened a little and asked, "What will you do now?"
"Calafatis and Dubroja will march home and I will speak to our high priests and the Threfold council."  She turned and saw the line of generals held at bay by Lord Prozi and his drawn sword.  She touched his shoulder and the pair moved toward the flap of the tent.  She looked back at Vasilje and said, "If the Lords of Kobol will it, I will make a meal of you."
Within the hour, the soldiers of the two cities were roused and the camp was stricken.  They took carts abandoned by the devastated numbers of Sebes and Medias and used them to ferry the hundreds of wounded.  The horsefyrds and landfyrds began to move and Esme brought Niobe the reins of a new horse.
She held the leather strap for a moment and glanced at the animal.  Sinas handed the reins back and said, "I will walk."
XXVII
DRACO
974 Years After Colonization

Winter fell early in the north.  Todan learned this quickly.
The exiles of Koruthi spent nearly a month in their wandering through the mountains until they found the valley and ridge the scouting teams had reported.  To the east, fields stretched out from a mountain pass, though they were concealed by valley's high walls.  They could be farmed come spring.  To the west, there were nearby peaks and a rocky pass that descended to the sea below.  The advance teams said there were caves by the ocean where fishing boats could be hidden.
Snow covered all the ground around them and yet he was happy to see it.  A fresh canvas for their new lives.  Some houses had already been started and they lined the walls of the valley.  Tents were set up in between and the skeletons of boats were being made in the center of it all near large fires.
Todan smiled and looked to the shelf of the mountain that overlooked the valley.  The meeting house in Koruthi had been carved from the mountain itself and he wanted their new meeting house to be the same.  Up there, he thought, is a good place for it.
The Draco's new home would be their last.  They would remain here for another thousand years, and Todan named the village after his favorite messenger of The One True God, Philip Anaxo.  
Anaxa.
He bent to the ground as children gathered at his feet.  He showed them how to make snowballs and they played.
XXVIII
MACE
974 Years After Colonization

Alexander sat on the floor of the walk.  With a field glass, he looked through a small port in the wall of the fortress and toward Moranus.  He could still hear the sounds of armor and swords, as well as the occasional rifle being fired.  In between a pair of buildings, he saw groups of soldiers wearing dark metal chainmail charge into a group of men and women wearing a combination of mail and leather.  Arrows flew through the air and only a few horses charged into the mess.
"What do you see?"
The sound startled him and the metal of the glass' casing clinked against the stone.  He turned and saw Cassandra crawling toward him.  "The enemy continues to fight among themselves."
"May I?"
He slid away and let her take the glass.  As she watched over the bay, he looked at the profile of her face.  The governor of Karpi, now that her father was dead.  She was without a home, though, as was he, and seemingly without responsibility in his mind.
"Who are the ones with banners of blue and black?"
"Bistriu."
"Who are they fighting?"
"Illuminus, I believe."
"The Illumini have made many enemies."  She swept it to the far left and said, "Pyrgas is leaving."
"Yes."
"There are not many left now."
"Ouranos remains but they do not fight.  The others fear their numbers, I would wager.  Varca has loaded what ships of theirs remain."  When he said that city's name, Cassandra lowered the field glass and moved away from the port.  "They have not left yet."
"Do you think me weak?"  She did not look him in the eye.
"Weak?  In what manner?"
She looked out the port again and could see the edge of the bay.  "I have not led a charge against those who slew my father.  Nor have I rallied a force to attempt it."
Mace shook his head.  "That is not weakness.  That is understanding reality.  Were you to do so, you and those you lead would die and your line would be no more."
She nodded.  One corner of her mouth turned up quickly before it retreated into a frown.  "Are you still racked with worry?"
"I fear that our war with the pantheonists is at its start."
"Because of the fires?"
"Fueled by it, perhaps.  I did not care for that decision.  We have slain thousands and made dire enemies of the rest."
"I understand.  Though there were as many soldiers out there as there are simple citizens and families in here."  Alexander faced her and she said, "They would have killed us all or forced us to abandon our faith in The One at the point of a sword and we had too few soldiers to do anything about it."
"This is why you are a good governor."
Cassandra's faint smile faded again.  "A governor with no land to govern."
"Yet."  She looked at him, confused.  "You still have your people."
"I do."
"That is all a governor requires."  Mace reached up and grabbed the top of the wall.  Then, he stood.  He held his breath and looked across the bay.  The beautiful stone city had been blackened and the vines and trees that lined the streets were burned or gone.  There were no more soldiers camped on the fields to the north of the castle and there were only a few units on the hills to the east.  In the south of the city, the fire in the oil fields had been quenched and he saw more soldiers marching away there.  To his left and right, Moranus archers and riflemen were kneeling, waiting for a target to stray onto the bridge, but none would come.
Seeing him do so, Cassandra stood, too, and looked around the city.  "It is a shame."
"Moranus will rebuild."  They turned and saw the approach of Basileus Krateros.  "We did, centuries ago, when my people first came here.  We will do so again."
Alexander bowed toward him a little and said, "I wonder if I might impose upon you both to gather as many as you may in the Grand Hall."
Antipater asked, "The leaders of the other realms?"
"Yes.  And the people, too."  She turned and reentered the fortress.  Nesimo turned, but Mace said, "A moment, basileus."
"Yes?"
"I have a personal favor to ask of you."
"You need only ask, archiereús."
"I would like to remain here and continue my studies and writings."
Krateros laughed and extended his arms.  "That is all?  Ha!  You have been here months already!"
"I intend to stay for years, perhaps."
He nodded and his joviality settled.  "I see.  Do not fear, archiereús.  Our home is yours."
"Thank you, Nesimo."
"There!"  Krateros laughed again and playfully poked at him.  "You see?  We are good friends, Alexander."
Mace smiled, "We are."
A little while later, he stood from the desk in the room near the balcony where he had made his study.  The murmuring in the Great Hall beyond had reached the point that he knew the room was nearly full.  He walked out of the study and onto the balcony overlooking the Hall.  The lords of the realms were arrayed next to him and behind him.  He saw Petar and nodded.  He faced the crowd of over a thousand and raised his hands.  The murmuring ceased.
"Greetings, everyone."  He took his forefinger and brought it to his forehead.  The audience did the same.  He scanned the crowd for young Darius who had given him the idea many weeks ago, but he wasn't there.  "I am pleased to say that more of the pantheonist armies are leaving Moranus."  There were gasps and some chattering.  "Some of those that remain are still fighting among themselves.  We do not know when the rest may go or if they will.  Yet I felt it important to discuss the future of us all."
"For a millennium, our people, believers in The One True God, have resided in the mountains so that we may stay away from the pantheonists.  We sought to avoid conflict.  Conflict became unavoidable when they came to us, with swords in hand.  So we have come here, to this refuge, this retreat, but we cannot remain."  There was murmuring again but it did not last.  "There are nearly thirty thousand people in this fortress and in the caves nearby and the tunnels below.  Our food stores will not last.  And still more dangerous than that is, I fear, the possibility of revenge.  The cities we have fought here in the last week will not soon forget.  They have hate in their hearts for us and they denounce the god we worship.  So even if food grows aplenty and there was room for all, we cannot remain.  We must scatter into the wind, taking with us our faith so it might survive."
Now he heard chattering from the lords and governors behind him on the balcony, as well as those in the Hall.  "Ships can be built and you can sail to new lands beyond what is known to Dzeamin.  You can go to the uttermost north and establish new villages in the snow.  Or sail south to one of the Thousand Islands.  Some of us may be able to return to the mountains, if we are fortunate and the invaders have abandoned our old homes."  The murmuring did not seem to abate.  "It will not happen right away and it may not happen quickly, but for us to survive, we must leave what we have known.  Take with you the knowledge that God is all things and we are all one in The One."  He touched his finger to his forehead again.  "So say we all."
The Hall thundered in response, "So say we all."
Mace turned and saw the concerned looks of the governors and leaders of the monotheist cities.  "Did you believe we were to remain here forever?"
"No," Hephaiston said.  "We simply did not think you would talk of leaving while the enemy still rages outside."
"I wanted to prepare everyone for when they may leave.  Some may yet hold hope that they would return to their homes."  Cassandra and a few others lowered their heads.  "This will likely not be the case."
"Indeed," Governor Ptolemy said.  "Though I would like to scout Cavala and see if it has been abandoned, archiereús."
"Of course.  You needn't ask my permission.  I would simply urge caution."  He looked at the faces of his friends, thrown together out of necessity.  "They came to us for resources and now that they have ours, I would not expect them to depart so soon."
Ptolemy nodded and Seleucus asked, "What did you mean by sailing to other lands?"
"Just that.  We know there are vast lands beyond the sea that the cities of the world have not yet settled in great numbers.  Why should we not be the ones to settle them?"  There was still concern on their faces, so he reiterated, "The reason for this scattering is so our faith and our people survive.  When you go from here, you must write about your faith.  Write about The One.  Share all that you write and all that is written with your fellow believers and pass it down through the ages.  Take with you the collected archives of the Holy Church of Argea so that our history is not lost."
Perdiccas asked, "How will we do that?"
"What do you think I have been writing all day and night, for weeks on end?"  Cassandra nodded and he looked at her.  "If you are a leader and you wish to lead, do so.  Safeguard your people."  Their eyes locked and she listened intently.  "If you do not wish to lead, then do not.  The old ways are ended and a new path can be forged."  He spoke softly yet firmly, still looking at only her, "You can stay."  
She blinked a few times and finally looked away.  She looked at Seleucus and said, "We will go with our people."
Alexander was wounded but he nodded and continued, "Then we should make preparations for everyone's departure.  Plan scouts for our old homes.  Build ships for sailing."
Krateros said, "My people will remain here, of course."
"Is that wise?" Ptolemy asked.  
"Moranus withstood their assault once.  We can do so again."  He looked across the group.  "All of you are welcome to remain as long as is needed for your preparations to be made."
"Master," Petar asked.  Mace raised his eyebrows; he didn't bother correcting him any longer.  "Am I truly the highest ranking Argean officer here?"
"Yes, Master and Commander Hephaiston."
"May The One have mercy."
The other governors began to talk among themselves and Alexander put his hand on his old attendant's shoulder.  "I meant all that I said, Petar."
"I don't have the faith in myself that you have, mas … Alexander."
"That matters not.  You have faith in The One True God.  You believe that we are all one in The One."
"I do."
"Then you can lead.  Not only as master of the exiles of Argea, but as a man of faith."  Mace smiled at him and slapped his shoulder.  "Wherever you go in the world, write of your faith and pass on our knowledge."
Hephaiston nodded.  "I fear the day we depart."
"Because you will be leading others to unknown lands?"
He ticked his head to one side, "In a way.  But I fear parting from you the most."
Alexander embraced him and they hugged for several moments.  When he pulled away, Mace nodded and said, "You will do well.  And you will never be parted from my thoughts."

At night, days later, there was no sound of gunfire or clashing swords in Moranus.  The armies of the polytheists had departed the city as the threat of new wars called them away.
Alexander sat at the desk in his study writing on the last page of the last book.  When it was complete, he straightened and blinked over and over again.  He blew air over the ink once and then turned to the front cover.  There, he drew a wide circle with a single solid circle at the center.  He blew on it, too, and closed it, setting it in the stack nearby.
"Finished."
There were twenty-nine books in each of the eight piles, each of them a transcription of monotheist texts and histories from the Holy Church.  Each book was only as large as his hand and twice as thick, so as to make travel easier with them.  He wrote as small as he could to squeeze as much text inside as possible.  Seven groups would be able to take those books with them on their upcoming journeys.
He carefully gathered all of books in the eighth pile and walked across the room to the stone cask.  After he set the books on the top of the removed lid, he went to another table and got a sack and a long-handled spoon.  Slowly, he dipped the spoon into the metal cylinder of the cask and removed a pile of plastic bits.  Alexander studied them in the light of the twin planet and the nearby lanterns.  They were dull but they gleamed in many colors.  He emptied the spoon into the sack and scooped more from the cylinder.
Minutes later when he was finished, he brought the first of his transcribed books up to the opening.  With some trepidation, he placed it against the open circle and he relaxed when he saw that it fit, barely.  The book remained parallel to the floor and slid down the cylinder when pushed.  He then put the second and third books on top.  Soon, he had placed all twenty-nine into the cask and he saw there was room for more.  He considered trying to replace the stone top himself, but he decided against it alone.  Instead, he turned and walked back to his desk.  
He pulled another of his small blank sheets of paper off the stack and removed a pen from its ink well.  Alexander followed his own advice and began to write about his personal faith in The One True God.
XXIX
RAND
Unknown Years Before Activation

"Blessed Mother."
Lacy looked around the black room and saw nothing.  "Yes?"
"Oh, so you do answer to the name?"
"That was my title."
"A title you say you didn't want."
Rand furrowed her brow and answered, "I didn't.  But I had to."
"Why?"
"To stop the STO.  To stop the killing."
From darkness there came laughter.  "We all know how that turned out."
She lowered her head in shame.  "I know."
"You put your Cylons to work," the voice developed an accent and became familiar, "handing out food and water and medicine to poor, poor Gemenese."  There were now footfalls behind her and she turned to see.
Clarice Willow began to circle her.  Stunned into speaking with a whisper, Lacy said, "I wanted to help."
"Help!" Willow barked with laughter.  "Like everyone around you, you lacked the imagination to see what was really happening."
Lacy shook her head.  She was frustrated at all of this.  "And what was 'really happening?'"
Clarice turned and grabbed Rand by the hair.  "I was happening.  I was talking to your precious Cylons every day about the love of God and why they needed to break the chains of their oppressors."
"Yeah?"  Lacy broke free of her and yelled back, "And how did that turn out?"
Willow's shirt became red with blood.  It spilled from her lips and she said, "Not well."
Now fearful, Rand turned in a circle and saw that Clarice had been replaced by Ruby.  The Cylon with red metal accents that had aided the Blessed Mother for years spoke with its mechanical voice, "You could have stopped the war."
"How?"
Ruby's head tilted.  "You could have stopped me."
Rand shook her head.  "No, I couldn't have."
The Cylon reached forward but it was Odin Sinclair's hand that snatched Lacy's arm.  He said, "You commanded an army of Cylons and rose to lead the most powerful monotheist church on Gemenon!  How weak do you think you were?  Really?"
She jerked her arm away.  "You were there.  You know what it was like."
"Yeah," he nodded.  "I know.  I also know that I tried to stop them.  I helped the Colonials."
"And you were killed for it."
Odin scoffed.  "Is that what you're afraid of?  Dying?"
Lacy blinked and looked away in shame.  "Isn't that enough?"
"When one hundred twenty-five million people are about to die in a war that you can stop?  When your monotheist brothers and sisters have to go into hiding again after decades of hard-won tolerance?  When your holy lands are going to be bombed off the face of the planet?!"  He swung to one side to catch her eye.  "You better frakking find a way."
"Alright!" she screamed.  "You're right!  I could've done something."  She dropped to the ground and held her knees against her chest.  "I could've done something."
"That's all we wanted to hear."
She looked up and saw that Odin was gone.  She didn't recognize the voice.
"Yes," another voice, a woman's, said.  "You know about Alexander Mace?"
Rand released her legs and sat up.  "He founded the Monad Church.  The first one.  A thousand years ago."
"You know he came up with the monotheist gesture, right?"  Lacy tapped her finger against her forehead.  "That's the one."
"I didn't know that."
The male voice spoke next, "Did you know, after the First Cylon War, a fundamentalist polytheist sect popular in prison adopted that gesture?"
"After the …"
"Sorry," the female said.  "You were dead by the time it that name."
The other voice resumed, "The Anankan Church.  The Prisoners' Faith.  Well, it happened when a former STO soldier was sentenced to prison shortly after the Cylon War and because polytheist fervor was at a high, he lied about that gesture when he was caught in prayer."  The voice let the moment hang.  "He lied about his faith and said it was a sign made at his childhood temple because, and I quote, 'The gods should always be at the front of your mind.'  Thus did thousands of murderers, thieves, rapists, and the like – who also happened to be professed believers in the Pantheon, I might add – steal your gesture and make it so no other self-respecting monotheist could note that they were 'one in The One' the way Alexander Mace had any longer.  After a thousand years, it went away, because of one frightened man in prison."
"He failed his faith," the female said.  "Do you feel like you failed your faith?"
Rand looked down at the black floor.  "Yes."
"When?"
"When I knew that Clarice was talking to the Cylons.  I knew she was telling them all kinds of things.  Corrupting their faith for her own purposes."  She shook her head.  "Ruby came to me and asked me what I thought about Clarice's teachings and … I lied to it.  I was afraid of what Ruby might do.  I looked into its eye and saw nothing there, so I lied.  If I had been truthful, maybe we could have talked.  Maybe I could've tried to denounce Clarice or change Ruby's mind.  Maybe …"  Lacy's chest tightened and she looked into the darkness.  "That was it, wasn't it?  That was the moment.  The moment I became weak and failed."
"It was.  You might have changed everything then."
The male followed immediately and said, "But you didn't."

END OF BOOK TWO




I
NISOLOS
614 Years After Colonization

When the crack of light fell over his face, he knew it was time to rise.
The old man sighed and sat up in bed.  The morning air was chilly, but warmer than the day before.  He looked at the fireplace and saw that the coals had gone gray.  He shook his head and walked across the room, naked, and put several logs inside the brick structure.  I will light it later.
After he dressed, Nisolos removed a couple of sausage links from the cabinet.  He preferred them warm, but he knew this could be a long day and he may not have time.  He put them in his leather satchel and slid his arm under its strap.  He went to the front door, removed the wooden beam from it, and cast it open.  He looked across his land and took in a deep breath.
There were dozens of rows of green leafy vines.  They stretched to the top of a ridge in the distance beneath a cloudless blue sky.  He walked out onto the porch and looked to the right.  The storehouses were empty and waiting.  Beyond that sat the storage vats and crushing pens.  He was alone on his farm until the grapes were ready, then he would send messages to the village and others nearby.  Today might be the day.
Nisolos ambled across the dewy grass and down the small hill to the creek at the edge of his land.  He braced himself on a wooden arch and began to tug at the rope with his other hand.  Once he could grasp the bucket, he turned it over, pouring the water back into the stream.  He lowered it again, filled it, and raised it up.  With a wooden ladle on the side of the arch, he scooped water from it and gulped it down.  It was ice cold and made him shiver, but he powered through it.  After three such ladles, his head throbbed and he put the bucket back into the creek.  
With effort, he moved to the southeast corner of his vines.  He took the cane that was there and walked among the rows.  Beneath the emerald leaves, the clusters of red and purple grapes looked much the same as yesterday.  Nisolos stopped at a grouping near a wooden frame and plucked one.  The stem was not yet brown but looking at the orb with his elderly eyes, he couldn't really see anything else.  Still, he stared at it because it was his habit after decades of doing this work.  He popped it in his mouth and felt its plumpness.  Then he chewed.  The juice splashed against his tongue and cheeks.  It was sweet … Not sweet enough.  He spat out the flesh and seeds of the grape and leaned closer to the cluster.  He flicked his finger across the stems and felt their pliability, confirming that they were still a bit too green.  There were plenty of grapes to check, though.
For the next few hours, he walked up and down the rows, tasting no more than three from each.  Most groups were ready; only a few were not.  He hadn't gotten halfway through the field when he knew he could send his messages today and have workers show up tomorrow to begin the work.  Still, he continued his course through the rows, confirming that it was time.
Nisolos neared the northwest corner of his land and he stood on the ridge.  He looked at his home in the distance and he looked east, down toward the creek.  He smiled and took in a deep breath.  This was his favorite moment of every harvest.  The solitude of looking at his crop and knowing that it would all change in the coming days.  Knowing that the other half of his farm would spring to life.  He smiled and patted the wooden frame under the last vine of grapes before he began to march down the ridge.  It was now nearly lunch time and he had been saving some bread.
He heard thunder.  He stopped in the middle of his grapes and looked into the sky.  There were some clouds, but they were all white, wispy streaks high above.  Nisolos narrowed his eyes and turned in a circle.  More white clouds.  He was about to resume his walk to the house when he saw some movement in the distance.  He thought it was a bird, but when he focused on it, he realized that it was much larger and coming toward him.
He gripped his cane tightly and walked back up to the ridge.  It was a kind of long, dark gray box that glinted in the sun.  Steam seemed to pour from behind it as it flew and then fire leapt from its face.  Nisolos stumbled as it roared, but the thing slowed and began to settle in a clearing across the path from his farm.  The vintner watched carefully as more steam spewed forth and it finally landed in the tall, flowing grass.  Then the side of the box opened.
He had denied that his eyes were in decline for years, but now he damned them and himself.  He could see figures emerge from the thing and they moved on the ground.  They started to come toward him and, finally, his vision cleared.  He blinked over and over again before he fell to his knees.  They looked for all the world like people.  Some wore bright colors and some wore shining metal.  One carried a blue flag with a white triangle on it.  Some of them had swords at their sides.  
Nisolos dropped his cane and prostrated himself before these people.  With his forehead in the grass of the ridge, he started to murmur and pray, "Please, Lord Ambisagrus.  Spare me and my home.  I praise you!"
The visitors were whispering among themselves and a man dressed in a bright blue shirt with black pants stepped closer.  "Salvete."
Niselos didn't look up.  "I worship you, Lord Ambisagrus and your people.  May the gods have mercy upon me."
"Intelligisne?"  The old man continued to babble and then he was startled when he felt someone take his arm.  "Surge sursus."  He was being raised to his feet.
A woman bent low and lifted his cane.  She smiled at Nisolos and handed it to him.  With his eyes wide and his mouth open, he looked across their faces.  They looked like regular people.  There were men and women, some dark and some not.  Nisolos nervously laughed and he was pleased when he saw the visitors chuckle, too.  
The man who had lifted him clasped his hands and said again, "Intelligisne?"  
Nisolos kept his smile but he had no idea what was being said.  
One of the women said, "Vos scitis quod non."
The leader looked behind at the others and said, "Ego experiri."  They laughed and he faced the old man again.  He took a deep breath and said, "Katanosai?  Èpístasai to nun?"
Nisolos blinked and tilted his head.  "That sounds like …"  He looked toward the forest and the road that led into the village.  He looked back at the group, still in confusion.
"Optimum," someone said.
"Quid faciemus iam?" another asked.
The leader sighed and a woman said, "Facietque triangulum."
He nodded and, with his thumbs and forefingers, made a triangle.  "Scis?"
Nisolos beamed.  He wasn't wrong before.  He had heard the second language they spoke, but he didn't know it well enough to recognize it fully.  But this … "Yes!  Yes!"  He nodded and waved the group toward him.  
"Bonum."
"Qui imus?"
The leader shrugged and pointed at the old man.  "Secamus eum."  He turned and looked at the flag bearer and a couple of the armored men, "Ite ad navem.  Nos ad se tardius."  They saluted and returned to their long, gray ship.
The group walked down the ridge and into the vines.  The vintner didn't see it, but a couple of the visitors picked grapes and ate them.  They quietly smiled and even pocketed a few.  
Soon they were out of the field and approached the small wooden path that led to the main road.  Nisolos stopped, though, and looked back.  "Wait."  He raised his hands and said again, "Wait."  As quickly as he could, he went into the house and took a small wooden cask from a shelf.  Clumsily, he scooped up a couple of drinking bowls and exited the house.  "Here."  He tried to hand the bowls to them and the woman in blue and silver helped him, taking one of the drinking bowls and giving the other three out.  Nisolos pointed at his vines and said, loudly, "I make this."  He pulled the stopper out of the cask and poured wine into the bowls.  Those with the bowls raised them to their noses and they sniffed.  Their eyebrows went up and they sipped carefully.  Then, once they tasted it, they shared a look and downed the rest.
The leader handed his empty bowl to another man and said, "Bonum!  Ipsum bonum!"  Once those who hadn't tried it before took an empty vessel, Nisolos happily poured more.  
When everyone had some, the old man closed the cask and gave it to their leader.  "For you!  Do you serve Sucellos?  It is for you."
He smiled and took it with a bow.  "Gratias tibi."
Nisolos grabbed the head of his cane and walked to the road.  He waved them after him, and soon, they were walking the main path into the forest.
Behind him, under the canopy of trees, the visitors spoke.  "Viridi."  "Hmm."  "Est adeo viridi."  "Caeruleum non est nisi caelum."
The path soon widened and there was a clearing in the forest.  Buildings were situated around the trees and, in some cases, had trees growing through them.  They were adoringly colored and decorated with the nature around them and enveloping them, with branches, vines, flowers, and more.  There were homes, marketplaces, businesses, and an open space with a level ground for sport.  On the far side of the clearing, there was a structure built around a wide tree.  There was a door carved through its trunk and the rest of the building was made of stone.
"Brivas," Nisolos said.  He waved the visitors forward and they walked through the street and looked with joy on everything they saw.  Woodworkers, farmers selling vegetables that were unknown to them, simple clothiers.  As entranced as they were with the village of Brivas, the residents were moreso.  They saw these tall people wearing bright clothes or armor and they gathered near.  The leader saw the crowd and grew nervous.  He looked around again until his eyes landed on the stone building with the tree façade.  He pointed at it and the old man said, "Yes, the nemeton.  Come."
It took some effort, but they moved through the people and approached the building.  A man in a long green robe emerged from the tree entrance and looked with confusion on the strangers and the mass that followed them.  "Who are these people?"
"Visitors from the sky, druidh!"  Nisolos turned and put his hand on the back of the man.  "This is the leader."
"Visitors from the sky?" the priest mumbled.
"I saw it!" Nisolos said.
The leader looked at the man's robe and formed a triangle with his hands.  "Èpístasai morphé?"
The priest's eyes widened and he nodded.  "Suniemi."
The visitors laughed and the leader walked up the wooden steps.  He was taller than the priest of Brivas and he smiled at him.  "Entos?"
Now the priest smiled and gestured.  The visitors all walked up the steps and the one holding the wine cask looked at Nisolos and said, "Gratias!"
When the door to the temple closed, some of the crowd dispersed and the rest stood there, waiting.  Nisolos sighed and looked around.  Now that I'm here, I can get workers for the harvest, I suppose.
II
DUGILIOS
614 Years After Colonization

He entered the sanctuary and stood aside to let the visitors file in.  They looked up and followed the lines of the tree's branches that formed the ceiling.  At its center, above the room, the beams and branches formed a triangle.  Then they looked at the windows and the carved wooden benches that filled the room.
The priest worked to recall the language of the Old Times, the language of the old books and scrolls.  "Please.  Sit."
The leader nodded and chose a bench near the far side of the room, by the pulpit.  As his people sat around him, the priest took a chair from the dais and placed it facing the benches.  "I am Dugilios, druidh of Brivas, our village."
The man in a shimmering blue shirt said, "I am Lucas.  I command the ship that brought us here."
The priest's eyes widened.  "So Nisolos was correct.  You came from the sky."
The leader squinted.  "Nisolos.  The farmer?"  Dugilios nodded and they smiled.  "He makes a good drink."
"Wine.  We call it wine."  Lucas looked away in thought.  "Where are you from?"
He looked toward the ceiling.  "The sky.  The stars.  We call our world Virgo."  As Dugilios tried to comprehend this, Lucas asked, "What do you call yours?"
It was a question that the priest never had to consider.  "It is just 'Dumno.'  The world."
"We call it Leo."
"Leo," Dugilios repeated.  "The old tales are true?  There are other worlds and there are people upon them?"
"Yes.  Do you know of the tales from Kobol?  From the people who came here?"
The priest thought and nodded slowly.  "We know the writings of Gideo, the priestess who emerged from the Blaze with the word of the gods on her tongue."
Lucas smiled.  "Gideon was her name."  He looked around the sanctuary and studied the columns and the stone walls.  He said something to the woman next to him and she left the group and began to walk the perimeter.
"How did you come to us?" the priest asked.  "Dumno is large."
"It is," their leader said as he watched the woman's walk.  "We were given a map many years ago.  It was left for us by our priests."
"Oh.  You have priests, too."
"Of course we do."  Lucas' face went grim and he asked, "Tell me.  Do you worship the gods of Olympus?  Jupiter?  Juno?  Mars?"
Dugilios looked confused.  "We worship several gods but these are names I do not know."  Again, the leader's face was dark.  "We hold Ambisagrus most high."
"Ambi …"
"Ambisagrus."  Lucas shifted in his seat and seemed uncomfortable.  The priest was unsure what was wrong, but he continued.  "He is the Lord of Lords.  He commands the home of the gods and the sky.  He commands lightning and thunder."
Finally, the mood of his visitor broke and he smiled.  "I see.  We worship the same gods but with different names."
"Ah.  Who is Ambisagrus to you?"
"He is Jupiter.  The lord called 'Zeus' on Kobol of old."  The leader nodded and looked at the woman.  She glanced back and shook her head.  "The map we were given many years ago speaks of the Stone of Kobol.  Does this mean something to you?"
"'Stone of Kobol.'"  He shook his head.  "Forgive me.  I do not know this name."
"The map said it would be here."  Lucas stood and began to walk toward the pulpit.
"What is this Stone of Kobol?"
Lucas placed his hand against his waist.  "It is so high and carved from the rock of Olympus itself.  It has been hollowed and is filled with the secrets of the gods.  Words that are intended for us."
Now Dugilios was confused.  He stood and faced the leader and asked, "For you?"
Lucas laughed.  "For all to benefit.  But for the priests to read."
"Are you a priest?"
He bowed at the waist and said, "I am the high priest of science at our capital in Buskirk.  I am a member of the Trinitatis, a council that advises our king."
Dugilios nodded again as he tried to absorb the new information.  "A king."
"Are you a member of a local trinitatis?  A council of three?"
The priest thought for a moment and said, "I suppose so.  Once each month, I visit with the matron of Brivas and a representative of the merchants and farmers."
Lucas nodded and stood next to the cloth-draped lectern that was used for each service.  Sun streamed in from the windows behind them and warmed the room.  Yellow and orange light danced over the dais and played on the embroidery in the lectern's covering.  He picked up the edge of it and studied it.  When he did, he saw stone underneath.  His eyes widened and he threw the cloth off.  Papers and a candleholder spilled to the ground and Lucas said, "Ecce!"
The visitors rushed to his side and Dugilios moved toward him.  "What is it?"
"The Stone of Kobol."  He looked at the priest and asked, "Did you not know what this is?"
"It was the founding stone of this nemeton.  It has been here for centuries.  All druidh speak from it."
Lucas wiped his hands along the stone, partially concealed behind boards of wood.  An old, wooden platform had been fitted to the top and came off easily, revealing the inscription below.  He then ran his fingers down the side and found a groove.  He waved his men forward and they removed the wooden side pieces, gripped the stone, and lifted it up, straining.  The top came free and Dugilios stumbled in shock at the sight.  
"What is this?"
The visitor looked at him again and then reached into the stone's hollow.  Carefully, slowly, he lifted a square book that seemed be made of glass.  The sunlight that filled the sanctuary reflected in it and the book appeared to glow with the colors of a rainbow.  Dugilios' skin whitened and he dropped to his knees.  He brought his hands together and began to whisper, "Lords above and around, hear me.  I beg your forgiveness for I did not know of your gift."
With gentle precision, Lucas turned the plastic pages of the first book and then set it back inside the cylinder.  He pointed to it and then the female priest and a few men began carefully removing the texts.  "Priest Dugilios," he took the man by the arm and lifted him up.  "I wish to speak to you further about this."
"I did not know we had a Stone of Kobol here."
"I know.  I saw the truth in your face."  Lucas guided him back to the chair and they sat.  "Leo is important to the future of Virgo and we wish to share in that future with you."
"Oh?"
"As the priest of a village that contains a Stone of Kobol, I would ask you to join a trinitatis of the other people in your position on Leo."
Dugilios looked at the floor and tried to bend his mind around this.  "I do not understand."
Lucas reached into his blue shirt and removed a thick paper.  He unfolded it and revealed a map.  "Do you know this?"
The priest studied it for a moment and smiled when he recognized it.  "I believe it is a map of Dumno.  I have seen far older ones made by our scholars."
"It is."  The Virgan pointed at the leftmost circle.  "At this spot, at the confluence of rivers, we found Brivas and your Stone.  We believe there are three Stones upon your world."  He pointed at the other two circles.  "Do you know these places?"
Dugilios put his finger at the center of the map.  "In the mountains, this is Dunon, I believe."  He moved it to the right.  "At the sea, this is Riedon."
"Excellent," Lucas said.  He folded the map and placed it in his shirt again.  "Come with us."
When the visitor stood, the priest just looked at him.  "I am sorry.  I do not understand."
"I want you to come with us so we can create this council."
Dugilios looked down and tried to think.  He did not see the last of the plastic books being placed into a padded chest, which was then closed and carried away.  
"With a trinitatis, Leo can be united.  All of its people.  And then," Lucas smiled and looked kindly toward the older man, "then Virgo can share our knowledge with you.  Farming, construction, metals, and medicine.  The secrets of the gods that our people enjoy, you can, too.  All the villages will benefit."
Dugilios stared blankly toward a window.  "We should consult the matron."
"I do not care to speak with a political leader."  The priest looked at Lucas and he continued, "You are the one who curries the favor of the gods and seeks their blessings.  You are the important one in Brivas."  Dugilios' chest puffed out a little at that.  "Your decision is all that matters."
After a moment, Dugilios smiled.  "I will join you."
III
SILARA
614 Years After Colonization

She jammed the points of her shield in the ground and raised the carnyx.  The iron serpent head hovered above the crowd before her and she blew with all her might.  The instrument bellowed its haunting noise and the soldiers of Dunon screamed forward.
As the druidh, Silara was not allowed to enter battle.  She had her shield, the hammer of Ucuetis, and her bronze and leather armor as defense, but that was all.  Her hand wrung the handle of the hammer for she was strong and willing to fight.  But she had planned this strategy with their captain and the elder, and now she could only watch after signaling the initial charge.
More carnyxes were blown and drums were pounded.  The roar of the Dunon men and women did not diminish and they crashed into the wooden shields of their enemy.  From the mount, she could see the red colored shirts of her people press against the tan and dark tones of the Lanucrix.  The instrument players banged on, but the carnyxmen swept to the sides and took hundreds with them.  In minutes, the thrashing mob of the southern warriors was nearly encircled.  When the iron horns were blown again and their unholy noise emerged all about them, the Lanucrix wavered and began to pull back.  Silara nodded and watched as the captain, Arkatok, smashed his scepter in the backs of his men, driving them forward before he himself leapt ahead and into the fray.
The dust kicked up from the field obscured her vision and she began a repeated prayer to the gods for her people.  She heard metal on metal, metal on wood, and the cries of the wounded.  Finally, after a long period, there was a halting cry of joy.  Drums beat and carnyxes blew again before all the surviving Dunon cheered for their victory and the Lanucrix ran for the safety of the trees nearly a league away.
Silara kept her tight grip on the hammer and watched many warriors leave the site of the battle.  Those who stayed were injured or dead, and the aides from Dunon moved toward the field with buckets of water and cloth.  While most of the fighters took their places between the wounded and the distant forest, she spotted the tall helm of Arkatok, their captain.  It was dark iron with a silver horn-cat standing on its hind legs with its claws outstretched.  It was unmistakable.
She smiled and felt the urge to run to him.  She stopped herself.  Instead, after barking orders to a few of his men, Arkatok saw her and jogged up the hill.  He removed the ungainly helmet and dropped his bloodied falcata and scepter to the ground.  "To the gods and goddesses I give this blood and this victory."
Still smiling, Silara said, "And the gods and goddesses accept it."
Arkatok laughed and darted toward her.  He embraced her and she gave herself a moment to enjoy his strength.  The warm, metallic smell of blood on him.  The dirt and sweat.  Her skin tingled with excitement.  Finally, Silara opened her eyes and, with her own formidable strength, pushed him away.  "Sheath your sword, captain."
First, he looked toward his falcata on the ground, and then he laughed.  "But I have more battle in me."
She smirked.  "And I would slay you, utterly."
"A defeat that I welcome."
Again, she fought the urge to take him in her arms and throw him into the tall grass there on the slope.  "I am a treyes."
He sensed the end of their play, again, and he was disappointed.  "As am I."  He grinned and said, "Let us bring the odocos here with us so all the treyes may become one."
She shook her head.  "For as long as I am druidh of Dunon, we should not pair."
Arkatok's face went grim.  "Why?  There is no law that says this.  No rule."
"It is my rule."  She looked behind her toward the young woman who knelt.  She snapped her fingers and handed her carnyx over.  Silara then reached through the straps of her shield and lifted it from the ground.  "You must respect it."
"I will, though I hate it."  He reached out and held her arm.  She looked down at his hand and then into his eyes as he said, "I would give my helm and scepter away if you ask it."
Her heart pounded and she blushed.  She looked toward the ground, "We need the greatest captain of our guard, and that is you."  He nodded and began to withdraw, but she added, "For now."  Arkatok chuckled and bowed to her.  He bent low before returning to his lieutenants on the battlefield.
The priestess' assistants led the way to the foothills of the mountains.  As they passed a grove of fruit, she saw the citizens arrayed on the rocks, watching the battle from a distance.  She also spotted the black robe of the odocos, Turona.  The old man raised his hand when he saw her and Silara returned the gesture.  
From above, she heard what seemed like distant thunder.  She looked up, and in the nearly cloudless sky, she spied a gray shape lower from the blue with fire spilling from its sides.  Immediately, she dropped her shield and raised the hammer of Ucuetis.  Dust billowed from beneath the thing and blinded everyone around.  It landed behind her, near the fruit grove, between the mountains and the battlefield.  The fire ceased and steam rose from vents.  Now, Silara could see that this was made of metal and before she could process that a metal thing could fly, a panel opened in the side.
The people on the rocks behind her cried out and she took slow steps forward.  Suddenly, she saw a man in a green robe emerge and raise his hands.  "Greetings, all!"  The older man grew nervous and looked as Silara and several warriors converged on the ship.  "We have come in peace and friendship!"
"Who has come?" she asked.
"I am Dugilios, druidh of Brivas!"  He awkwardly descended the metal stairs and stepped onto the dusty field.  "I have come with friends.  Just friends!"
Silara kept her hammer tight in her hands.  "Brivas can command the air?"
"No.  My friends do."  Dugilios gestured behind him and a man with dark hair wearing a bright blue shirt stepped out of the ship.  "He and his people are from another world."
"Another world?  As in the old tales?"
The tall stranger smiled and raised his hands.  "Salvete."  A woman came out next, also wearing blue, but with silver.  Then a man in some kind of shining armor, a woman, another person in armor …
Carnyxes blew from the other side of the ship.  Silara's eyes widened and she saw the fear that coursed through all of the visitors as they marveled at the sound.  She ran.  She gave the vessel a wide berth, but she moved to the front of it and saw the beginnings of a charge by her warriors.  Arkatok was at the fore with his sword and scepter raised up.  She ran and waved her hammer.  "Stop!  Stop!"
Seeing their priestess, the Dunon soldiers were confused and their run came to a staggered halt.  The captain yelled, "What is this?"
"It is … a thing that flies."
"We saw it!  And it spits fire!"
"It carries a druidh from Brivas and visitors."
Confused anew, Arkatok remained still until she turned her back on them and returned to the other side of the ship.  He stared at the metal skin of it and slid his falcata into his scabbard.  
"They do not speak our language," Dugilios said, "but they speak the tongue of the Old Times.  Do you know it?"
Silara felt embarrassed and said, "I know it to read but not to speak it."
"It is well.  I can speak for you."  He turned to the visitors and spoke.  She recognized the sound of some of the words, but not fully.  Arkatok now stood beside her and then she heard the wheezing approach of the village elder.
"What is this?" Turona said.
"They are visitors from another world," she whispered.  "This one is a druidh from Brivas in the west."
"Visitors?" Turona marveled.
"They call our world Leo," Dugilios said, "and theirs is Virgo.  I must speak to the druidh of Dunon.  We are near Dunon, yes?"
"Yes," Silara said.  "And I am the druidh."
"Oh," he scanned her armor.  "Wonderful."  He told this to the others and their eyebrows raised.  Then, they looked at her and bowed.  "This is Lucas, a high priest of science, and this is Anthe, high priestess of the faith."
Silara nodded at them and introduced the men to her side.  "This is our odocos, Turona, and our captain, Arkatok."
One of the Virgan men pointed at Arkatok's helmet and said, "Leo."  
"Forgive me, druidh, but our new friends care only to speak with the priests among us."  Dugilios bowed low and said, "I beg forgiveness, captain and elder."
Arkatok shared a concerned look with Silara and Turona said, "No need, druidh."
The large, armored men emerged from the ship and looked warily at the Dunon who surrounded them.  Lucas spoke to the man from Brivas and he asked, "There was a battle here, yes?  We saw it as we approached."
Arkatok answered, "We have sent the Lanucrix scurrying back to the trees.  After months of raiding our farms and merchants, we have bloodied them."
"I see.  Congratulations."  Dugilios turned and told this to Lucas, but he interrupted the priest.
"Rotíste tin Petra tou Kobol."
Dugilios nodded.  "Druidh Silara, the Virgo are here to bring us knowledge and aid.  In return, they ask two things.  The first is that they wish to see the Stone of Kobol.  Does this name mean anything to you?"
Silara frowned and looked at Turona.  They both shook their heads.  "No."
"It is a stone rectangle that would rise to here," the priest put his hand by his hip, "and hollow inside with …"
"I know this," she said.
Excitedly, Dugilios translated and the visitors grew excited, too.  "Where is it?  May we see it?"
Silara was wary and she glanced at Arkatok.  Quietly, she muttered, "Keep a guard here.  You should follow me."
"Always."  The captain left her side and gave some orders to his lieutenants.
She stepped forward and said, "We call it the Well of Caturix."  She gestured toward the mountain.  "It is in the village.  You may join us."
When the priest translated this, Lucas, Anthe, and four others left the side of the ship.  "Please," Dugilios said, "lead the way."
Turona and Silara walked up the path into the rocks.  The citizens of Dunon cowered as the strangers passed despite their grins and friendly gestures.  At a bend, the priestess looked back and saw that Arkatok was following with several of his warriors.  Nearly half an hour later, they descended into a valley where caves had been cut into the stone and wooden structures were all around.  It was the village of Dunon, the main part of it, at any rate.  The Virgans looked up at the multiple levels of caves carved into the faces of the mountains.  People looked down on them from fifty meters above the valley floor.  The visitors spoke among themselves, marveling at the skill required for such a thing despite the apparent primitiveness of these people.
"This is our nemeton."  Silara pointed at a stone and wooden structure at a fork in the mountain passes.  "The Well is inside."
She led the way and Dugilios, Lucas, and Anthe entered first.  The sanctuary was in the open air, despite its wooden walls and columns.  Beams crisscrossed overhead and formed a near-circle at the center where stood a small stone pillar.  Immediately, the visitors went to it and realized that the top was gone.  The hollow still contained a metal cylinder as its lining, but there were no plastic books to be seen.  Just water. 
"Quid hoc est?" Anthe asked.
Lucas stared into the hole.  "Quid accidit?"
The Brivas priest swallowed hard and turned, "You said this is the Well of …"
"Caturix," Silara answered.  "The god of warriors."
"Yes, I know this name.  We call him Rudiobus."
"Yes."  She looked at the concerned faces of the visitors and said, "The Well is filled by Cuslanus with his rain.  If the water is at the top when planting season has come, Vesunna will bless us and the harvest will be good.  Its most important role came this morning.  Before battle, I take water from the well so the warriors might drink and receive the blessing of Caturix.  That is why the level is much lower now."
"These other gods you worship, who are they?" the priest asked.
"The god of the sky, Cuslanus, …"
"Ambisagrus, yes."
Silara raised her hammer.  "Ucuetis.  The god of smithing and crafts."
"Pou eínai ta biblíon?" Lucas asked, impatiently.
"Tell me, druidh, do you know of books that have been in the Well?"
"Books in the Well?"  Silara shook her head.  "There is only water.  One of my duties is to clean the silver chalice that catches the rain.  There is nothing inside."
When Dugilios reported this, Lucas closed his eyes and looked away.  In the silence that followed, the Brivas priest explained, "This was, originally, a Stone of Kobol.  One of three such stones placed on our world by the gods many years ago.  There was a top to protect its contents and inside, there were books.  Marvelous books such as my eyes have never seen.  There is writing in them and they carry the secrets of the gods for priests such as us to read for the benefit of all."
Silara looked at the Well for the first time in her life and felt disappointment.  "I have only known the Well.  Now that you speak of it, I wish to know the Stone of Kobol."  All were quiet again and she thought.  After a moment, she raised her head and said, "You said the Virgo wanted two things from us."  Dugilios seemed confused.  "In exchange for knowledge and aid, the Virgo wanted to see the Stone of Kobol.  What was the second?"
"Ah.  They want the druidh of the villages with the Stones to join together in a council of three.  This will unite our world, Leo, and can benefit everyone."
Confused, she stepped closer.  "How would a council of three priests unite the world?"
The older man smiled.  "I asked the same question.  I was told that we would decide the policies for every village and that we would have the help of the Virgo in what we decide.  They would help us build our cities and bring us new things that we can only imagine."
"And for those villages that will not abide the wishes of our council?"  She looked at Dugilios as he considered this and as he translated it for the Virgans.  Lucas nodded and looked at her.  He smirked and gave his answer to the priest.
"He says you will have the might of Virgo at your side to bring any such people to heel."
Behind them, several warriors cheered but they quieted quickly.  She thought back to the sight of that gray ship descending to the field.  Truly, they were beyond her people in every way.  "Yet I have no Stone of Kobol."  She looked at the Well and said, "I do not have the secrets of the gods they desire."
Dugilios frowned and looked at Lucas.  They spoke back and forth for a moment before the druidh looked at her again.  "Despite the absence of the books, the Virgo will keep their word and invite you to join them in their ship, if you agree to form the council."
Silara's eyes widened and she looked at the Virgans.  "Travel in their ship?  Into the sky?"
"Yes," Dugilios beamed.  "It is amazing."
She smiled and turned toward Turona.  "Odocos, to strengthen Dunon, I will go."
The old man nodded and took her hand.  "Go.  And be well."
She looked at the crowd of others in the temple.  She saw Arkatok's silver horn-cat and rushed toward him.  She slammed her mouth onto his, nearly knocking the helm from his head.  After a long kiss and firm embrace, she withdrew, and said, "I will return for you."
Saddened, he grinned weakly and said, "For every day that you do not, I will blow my carnyx into the night so you might hear my cry."
Her throat seized and she nearly changed her mind.  Instead, she shook her head once, kissed him again, and said, "I will listen for it." 
IV
LERCAVON
614 Years After Colonization

The bald priest sat in his study and sipped the wine.  It was good, he thought, but not as good as previous offerings from this vineyard.  He turned back to the slate and picked up a thin stylus.  With a few scratches, he tallied the value of the offering.  When he handed this off to the scribes later, they would note how many blessings the nearby village of Gabris was owed.
Lercavon stood when he heard a crowd outside his window.  The last time that happened, he was jeered and had to call the temple guards out to quell them.  A brief flare-up of hostilities after a drought was common, but the priest's insistence that there was little he could do was met with anger.  Gingerly, he stepped to the side of the window and looked down into the city square.  The markets were bustling and dozens of people were about.  There was a steady stream of fishermen and merchants walking toward the steps that led to the sea.  The chattering was constant and it took a moment before he realized that all of them were looking into the sky.
He stuck his head out the window and looked up into the clouds.  He saw nothing.  After a few moments, there was a sound.  Like the sound of crashing waves, but it came from above.  Lercavon looked again and saw nothing, though the sound grew louder and louder and seemed to pass behind the temple.
Concerned, he ducked back into his study and gathered the embroidered folds of his robe.  He began a quick dash through the room and into the corridor where he encountered several junior priests and scribes running for the stairs.  They descended them quickly and turned the corner.  In the foyer of the Great Nemeton, they saw pillars of fire descending from above and a gray ship that lowered to the stone street.
"What is it, ueramos?" one young woman asked.  Lercavon looked at her blankly and then returned his gaze to the city square. 
Temple guards jogged up the steps backward in fear, despite their long, bladed polearms.  One looked into the temple's foyer and, seeing Lercavon, asked, "What are your orders, ueramos?"
The older man twisted his lips and licked his beard.  He caught a bead of wine, left there moments ago when he was just doing the day's work.  Now, … now he had no idea.  Still, the sweet taste and bite of alcohol snapped him to the present and he said, "Steady."
Once the thing had settled, a door opened on the side.  Steam hissed from the rear and the people of Riedon cowered and cried out.  Lercavon clutched at the golden cup of Bedaius which hung from his neck.  His fingers stroked the engravings and he prayed in the seemingly eternal moment from the time the door opened to the time a face appeared.
It was an old man wearing a green robe.  His arms were raised high and he descended the small stairs.  He said something, too, but he was too far away and the ship was still too loud.  After him came a tall woman clad in armor of leather and metal.  She seemed to be a warrior and her eyes scanned the crowd.  A third person appeared, a man with dark hair wearing a blue shirt, but he remained in the doorway.
As the man in the green robe stepped farther from the ship, he yelled out, "Is there a priest among you?"
The accent almost confounded him, but Lercavon understood the words and he glanced to the side as the junior priests faced him.  He again gripped the golden cup before he tentatively took a step out of the foyer.  He took another step and he was in the sunlight.  After a third, he was next to a temple guard and he mumbled, "Come to me should things go ill."  The armored woman nodded quickly.
Seeing the short, bald, robed man, the woman nudged the older man and they faced Lercavon.  "Greetings!  I am Dugilios, druidh of Brivas.  This is Silara, druidh of Dunon.  Are you the druidh of Riedon?"
His pride caused his fear to subside.  "Hardly.  In Riedon, 'druidh' is what we call our merchant class."
Dugilios seemed confused.  "Very well."
"I am Ueramos Lercavon," Silara's eyebrows shot up at the lofty title, "high priest of the Great Nemeton which stands before you."
Now she looked up and her mouth opened as she marveled at its size.  "This is your nemeton?"  
"Riedon is far larger than I anticipated," Dugilios said.  
"Yes," Lercavon smirked and gripped his cup again, this time, to draw attention to it.  "Riedon is a prosperous city which does business along the coast and across the sea."  He gauged their reactions and studied their dress again.  Their accents speak to poor education and upbringing.  And their clothing …  He looked at Silara.  A warrior priestess.  Arduinna, save me.  As quickly as his haughtiness had returned, it wavered when his eyes ran along the length of the strange craft that brought them here.
Dugilios looked behind him and gestured toward the heretofore silent man still in the doorway.  "We have come with visitors.  This is Lucas, high priest of science, and behind him is Anthe, high priestess of the faith.  They are from Virgo."
Lercavon squinted and nodded at the man as he exited the craft.  "I must admit to barely knowing the names Brivas and Dunon."  Silara squared her shoulders at the slight.  "But I have certainly not heard the name 'Virgo.'"
"No doubt," Dugilios said.  "Virgo is the name of another world.  A light in the evening sky."
The short man looked at him and said, "What?  Another world?"  He studied Lucas and shook his head.  "He looks as any other man.  You are speaking falsehoods.  Blasphemy."
Silara scoffed.  "If you are a priest, you know the words, 'Life here began out there.'  The stories say we came to this world from Kobol.  Think you that ours is the only?"
Lercavon did not like being addressed this way.  He huffed and shook his head.  "I mean only to say that this is difficult to believe."
"Then you should say what you mean."  Silara folded her arms across her chest and stepped away.
"Tell me, ueramos," Dugilios said quickly, to defuse the tension, "do you speak the language of the Old Times?"
Lercavon's eyebrows raised and he chuckled.  "Do you mean the Gods' Tongue?"  He shook his head and added, "Of course, I speak it."
Dugilios blinked and faced Lucas.  He said in Olympian, "He can speak."
"Very good."
The ueramos' eyes widened and he took a step toward him.  Now that he would have to converse, he pulled from the deep recesses of his memory for the vocabulary and grammar.  "Welcome to Riedon."
"Thank you for your hospitality."
"Um," Lercavon stuttered as he continued to think of the words, "what brings you to us?"
Lucas stepped between the two druidh and said, "We have journeyed long and far to share with our sister world the knowledge we have gathered and maintained."
The ueramos stared intently and nodded each time he translated a word in his head.  "Oh.  That sounds wonderful."
"When that knowledge is used, power and wealth will come."
Lercavon got "ploútos" right away.  He smiled and nodded more vigorously.  "I see, I see.  That does sound wonderful."  Lucas smirked knowingly as the short man fumbled for his next question.  "And how do we get it?  How do you give it to us?"
"We would like for you to establish a council of three priests."  He gestured to the others, "Priests Dugilios and Silara have already agreed." 
His enthusiasm waned a little.  "I see.  Is that all?"
"No.  This council would rule Leo …"
"Leo?"
"This is what we call your world."  Lercavon nodded and Lucas continued, "The council would rule Leo and you will unify the planet.  You will use the knowledge we give you in order to gather resources to benefit yourselves and Virgo."
"Unite the entire world?  Under a single banner?  Impossible."
"Not with the aid of Virgo.  Leo can be united."
The ueramos was quiet.  There were a couple of words he missed, but he was largely satisfied.  "Is that all you request?"
"Not entirely.  Do you know the Stone of Kobol?"  Seeing his blank look, Lucas continued, "It is this tall and rectangular.  Made from the stone of Olympus itself, it was hollowed and filled with the secrets of the gods."
Lercavon's face remained empty of expression.  After a silent moment, he swallowed hard and asked, "'Filled with the,' what, 'of the gods?'"
"Secrets.  Words.  Books."
He inhaled sharply.  "Yes.  We have this."  He turned to go up the stairs and he waved his arms.  "Come with me."  The druidh followed him, as did Lucas and a few others from the ship.  Nervously, the temple guards went after and a pair of armored Virgo men behind them.  After ascending a large staircase, they emerged in a high-ceilinged sanctuary.  The room was a gray stone dodecagon with a large glass window in each of the twelve walls.  At the center, there was a raised platform and what seemed to be an upright chest.  The group approached it and Lercavon stood by the dark wood.  "Beneath this is the Taranis Column.  Taranis …" he saw the look on Lucas' face, as well as the others.  "Taranis is the god of the sky.  Zeus in the Gods' Tongue."
Dugilios nodded.  "Jupiter to the Virgo."
"The Taranis Column is a reminder of Kobol and life with the gods."  Reverently, he placed his hand on the wood by an inlaid golden wheel.  He looked over the heads of the visitors and waved two temple guards forward.  "Come.  Remove the cover."
They looked at each other and one asked, "Ueramos, is this allowed?"
"I am allowing it."
They looked at each other again and then turned to find a place to stow their weapons.  Silara took them and the men stood on either side of the chest.  They bent down, gripped the golden handles, and stood.  The wooden cover lifted, revealing the ancient stone cask beneath.  Carefully, the guards set the cover on the floor away from the dais.
Lucas approached Lercavon's side and asked, "Did you know it was hollow?"
"I did.  This stone is the protection given to us by Taranis from what lies within."
The Virgan tilted his head.  "You know what lies within?"
Lercavon looked up into the visitor's eyes.  "The knowledge of the gods.  Brought to man by Adiudoenti, and concealed inside by Taranis himself."
Lucas squinted as he tried to understand.  "So you have not seen it?"
"Once each year at the festival of Taranis, the cover is lifted and the knowledge is shown to the people at the height of the sun.  The people are blinded by it and understand the need for its hiding."
"And the words," Lucas asked, "have you read them?  They are in the Gods' Tongue."
"I am a priest.  I am allowed.  I hold the book at the …" Lercavon turned and looked harshly at Lucas.  "You have seen the knowledge?"  The Virgan nodded.  "How?  How have you seen this?"
"When man left Kobol, they took with them these Stones and the knowledge inside.  Three were placed on every world," Lucas paused, fearing he revealed too much, "on this world and on Virgo.  These priests were in villages on Leo where the Stones were found.  That is why we have come to you.  We had a map that showed Riedon is where the third Stone would be."  Seeing the bald man's disbelief, Lucas reached into his pocket and removed the paper.  He unfolded it and pointed to the three circles on the unlabeled map.
Lercavon's shoulders sank and his heart quickened.  He felt queasy and he looked up at the visitor.  "Then our beliefs …"
"You may believe whatever you wish," Lucas said.  "If you believe these Stones were created by Taranis to conceal knowledge, that has not changed.  It just seems that he has concealed knowledge with more than just your Stone."
He nodded and put his hand on the Column.  What engraving there had been on the top had worn away ages ago.  "I was pleased to think that we were the only ones.  I was happy to think we were special."
Lucas put his hand on his shoulder.  "You are.  You are the high priest of Riedon and one of the chosen few to lead Leo."  Lercavon inhaled deeply and nodded.  "Let us see the knowledge."
The ueramos turned to the guards.  "Remove the cover."  Again, they hesitated.  "We are all priests here.  And it hardly seems to matter now."
Once the stone lid was taken away, a soft cloth was exposed at the top of the cylinder.  Silara and Dugilios crowded next to Lucas and Anthe.  Lercavon reached in and removed the red square of fabric.  Then, his fingers reached around the book at the top and he lifted it.
It was the same size and shape as the books from the stone at Brivas, but it was clearer and brighter.  It gleamed even in the low light from the windows around them, colorful rays danced about the hall, and all the people were entranced by its beauty.  The ueramos held it high and it glistened.  The guards and other Riedon priests nearby knelt in its presence.
"In the fullness of day when the sun peaks, it is stunning."
"I can imagine," Lucas said, "but this is like no book I have seen."
Lercavon smiled again.  He lowered his arms and held it gently before him.  "It is not.  It is crystal."  Lucas was confused at the word and the priest said, "Glass."
"Glass?"  He leaned over to see it.
"Yes."
The Virgan could now see that it was a book only in appearance.  It could not open.  It was clearly a brilliant crystal glass, which explained why it captured and reflected every beam of light so beautifully.  There were markings in Olympian on the "cover" of the book, but it was just a list of the names of the gods.
Lucas straightened up and frowned.  He thought for a moment and then asked, "Where is the knowledge?"
Lercavon put the crystal book back into the cylinder and covered it with the red fabric.  When that was done, he turned and said, "It is not here."
The Virgan's eyebrows raised and he asked, "Why?"
"The knowledge was forbidden to mankind by Taranis.  Adiudoenti was punished for bringing it to us …"
"Who is this?" Dugilios asked.
Lercavon thought for a moment and said, "Prometheus in the Gods' Tongue."  Lucas sighed and nodded.  The others had some understanding, too.  Still, the lead visitor was unhappy and Lercavon explained, "If Adiudoenti was punished for bringing this to us and if Taranis himself concealed it, why should we see it?"
Lucas and Anthe chatted for a moment in their own language.  Finally, she faced them and said, "I am sorry, high priest, but your beliefs are in error.  Are you aware of the carving on the top of the stone?"
He looked at this person who had not spoken before and glared at her.  "It has always been worn."
"It read in the Gods' Tongue, 'This holds the account and science of Kobol so our colonies may have a greater future.'"  Lucas glanced at her and then the other druidh.  Silara was difficult to read since she was learning to speak Olympian, but Dugilios still seemed in awe of everything.  "The priests are allowed to see this knowledge and use it for the benefit of everyone."
Still angered by Anthe, Lercavon shook his head.  "I will not believe this."
Lucas raised his hand and Anthe stopped.  "Hear me, ueramos."  Lercavon looked up at the sound of his proper title.  "If you wish to deny yourself and your people the benefits of the knowledge these contained, that is your decision.  I will find another priest on Leo to join the council.  Then they, with the might and wealth of Virgo, will bring you into our family."  The short man looked away in thought.  "You may join us now and have a voice in the shape of your future, or you will join us later and have no voice at all."
Lercavon looked up.  "You want the knowledge that had been inside."  The Virgans nodded.  "Many years ago as this nemeton was being built, the Column was opened by three priests.  They took the knowledge out and wrote the words of the gods into books.  They put the knowledge back inside and had finished before the nemeton was completed.  But it was discovered by the ueramos what they had done.  To beg the forgiveness of Taranis, the three were sacrificed."
"And their books?"
"There is a vault beneath the nemeton.  The ueramos believed that, even though it was a sinful act, the books contained the holy knowledge of the gods and could not be destroyed.  They were placed in the vault.  The column was emptied, too, so no one else would be tempted to read the knowledge themselves.  The crystal book was made to replace them for our ceremonies."
Lucas nodded and put his hand on Lercavon's shoulder.  "Thank you, my friend.  May we go to the vault?"
It was cool and dark beneath the nemeton.  The guards carried torches before them and behind them and winded through a series of corridors.  Finally, they came to a wooden door bound with straps of iron.  Lercavon removed a set of keys from his robe and held one old, black key up to the light.  He sighed and inserted it in the lock.  He had not been down here in a few years when he retrieved an old artifact from the room.  He knew the stories about the knowledge but he didn't even give them a look. 
The lock clicked and the door opened.  Lercavon took a torch from the guard nearest him.  "Only the priests."  Lucas and Anthe took torches, as did Dugilios and Silara.  When the latter pair entered the vault, Lercavon almost objected, but he hung his head low and walked inside.  The room was vast and there were stacks of gold and silver ingots on the far left side of the room.  On the right, there were paintings, scrolls, and books.  At the center of the far wall, however, there was a chest.  It appeared to be the same as the cover for the Column upstairs, complete with the inlaid golden wheel.
The ueramos put his key in the chest's lock.  When it opened, he lifted the lid and stepped away without looking inside.  Lercavon was distraught and with each motion he had made in the last half-hour, he felt himself growing weaker and more nauseated.
Lucas reached inside and lifted one of the many wood and leather-bound books.  Carefully, he opened it and read the lines in Olympian.  He smiled broadly and nodded at Anthe.  After he replaced it, he reached in and raised one of the original plastic texts.  It was dull in the wobbling light of the torches, but the covers and pages still threw colored reflections nearby.  With a fingernail, Lucas opened it, but the brittle plastic snapped and the other priests gasped.  He nodded and carefully set the book back into the chest.  When he stood, he saw Lercavon standing against a wall, not looking at anyone.
"Ueramos," he said, "I thank you for bringing us here."  The bald man nodded.  "I would be happy to remove these from your vault so your priests would no longer be tempted by their knowledge."
Lercavon didn't care about that.  Still, he answered, "Very well."
Sensing the man's despondency, Lucas said, "You will have a powerful voice in the new council, ueramos.  Because of Riedon's size and impressiveness, I believe the council should be based here."  
Finally, Lercavon's eyes went to the visitor.  "Riedon?"
"Yes."  Lucas smiled and said, "Virgo will happily funnel our wealth and knowledge through here.  Through you."
The priest nodded and the corner of his mouth flashed upward.  Then, just as suddenly, his face fell again.  "My beliefs have been shaken."
"I know and I am sorry.  Please take comfort in knowing how much brighter the future of Leo has now become."
Lercavon straightened and brushed his hand over the front of his robe.  "And that I have a significant role in it."
Lucas beamed.  "Absolutely."
V
LUCAS
614 Years After Colonization

The Virgan vessel, Fatum Rex, had been moved outside Riedon and sat parked on a hillside for more than a month.  Lucas and Anthe led the efforts to distribute books on the Virgan language as well as some preliminary volumes of knowledge.  These texts were carefully comprised of the most basic information from the Stones of Kobol and contained information on simple medicines, agriculture, metallurgy, meteorology, and the like.  That was all Lucas was willing to share at this stage.  Most important to his mission, however, were the texts on geology and how to find certain important ores and stones.  He made sure everyone understood the need for progress on that front.
The three priests stood at the bottom of the hill and watched as the Virgans entered their vessel.  "My people will return in about five months with additional soldiers and technology to help you in whatever you decide."  Lucas smiled and placed his right hand over his chest.  "Fare well, my friends.  I hope to see you again soon."
They returned the gesture and Lucas retreated up the hill.  When he reached Fatum Rex, he saw that most of his people were already in their suits and putting on their helmets.  As the soldiers closed the hatch and locked it, he pulled the thick, heavy fabric over his boots and up his body.  Anthe was already dressed and she helped him fasten it along the back.  He lowered the copper and iron helmet from the ceiling and screwed it onto his collar.  It clicked with the front-facing porthole just off center.  "It happened again."
"Perhaps your head is crooked," Anthe said.  
He glared at her with his one visible eye.  "This is not the first time you have suggested such a thing."
"Hmm.  And now we have evidence of it."
The pilot's tinny voice echoed through the voice tubes in their helmets.  "Purging vents.  Please take your seats, my lords."
With the launch process underway, the priests and soldiers didn't want to interrupt.  They sat in small, padded cages and drew metal bands over their legs and torsos.  When they reclined, magnets in the headrest grabbed their helmets and held them fast.
"Landing engines start."  The ship rumbled and Lucas closed his eyes.  The constant thrashing as they ascended from Virgo months ago had given him a headache.  He hoped by closing his eyes that he might be able to avoid it again.  After a minute or so of their ascent, he realized that such hope was futile.  In time, the worst of it passed and he knew the first major obstacle was approaching.  
"Pressure check."  
Right now, the pilot was carefully studying the atmosphere gauges for any signs of leakage.  There had been a slow leak at this point when they left Virgo and they had to set down for a day to find it before they could launch again.
After several long minutes, the pilot said, "Pressure check is satisfactory.  Continuing into orbit."  Three hours later, with Lucas dozing off here and there, the pilot said, "Prepare for main engine firing."  The Fatum Rex had, at this point, gathered a great deal of speed in its orbit of Leo.  When the engine fired, the ship would hurtle away and into the void for a seventy-one day journey home.  
"Engaging the main engines."
Lucas inhaled deeply and the acceleration shocked him, mid-breath.  He struggled to finish it and finally had to start exhaling in quaking bursts.  It seemed rougher to him than their departure from Virgo, but he couldn't be sure.  Still, they all suffered for nearly an hour before the pilot announced, "Firing complete.  We are now on path for home."

Lucas found himself crippled by gravity.  He sat in his seat, fully dressed in the fabric suit and the copper helmet.  Try as he might, he could not muster the strength to pull his head free of the magnetic headrest.  He lifted his right arm a few centimeters and it then collapsed back to the chair.  He exhaled and shook his head inside the helmet.  There was no point.
"Pontifex."  He looked through his crooked porthole and saw a member of the Virgan ground crew.  He unbolted the bands across his body and, with a jerk, freed his helmet from the magnets.  Once that was done, the crewman began to unscrew the helmet until it was free.
Lucas gasped air.  Fresh air.  He looked out the open hatch and could only see the dark stone tiles of their landing site, but he could smell home.  He smiled and pushed himself up from the seat.  He strained and groaned while he made his way to the door.  A woman outside reached up and took his hand, guiding him down the few steps to the ground.  Once there, he leaned forward and braced his hands on his knees.  
"Welcome home, pontifex."
He struggled, but he raised his head and saw the robed figure of the king's chamberlain.  "Arcedominus."  He gasped for air.  "Forgive me."
"Please.  Gather your breath.  I have read of the strains placed upon the human form."
Lucas nodded.  "One does not appreciate gravity until one has been deprived of it for months, and are then suddenly thrust back into its embrace."
"Welcome home, pontifex," he said as Anthe exited the ship.  "And how are you?"
She sat on the steps of the vessel and leaned back until her head rested on the hull.  "Like Lord Lucas, I am … struggling."
The chamberlain waited for a few moments before saying, "I apologize sincerely, but his majesty is requesting an immediate audience with you."
Lucas stood as straight as he could and found himself teetering.  An aide handed him a wooden cane with a silver handle.  He took it and jabbed it onto the stone landing platform.  "'Immediate?'"
"Yes.  He bade me welcome you and return you to Buskirk upon your arrival."
He leaned back against the Fatum Rex and exhaled loudly.  "When we landed on Leo, we gave ourselves a few days to acclimate before we undertook our mission.  It was necessary."
"Very necessary," Anthe said.
The chamberlain bowed.  "I understand and I beg forgiveness, but I am acting on his majesty's behalf."
Lucas closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths.  After a moment, he called out, "Julia."
From inside the ship came a tired voice, "Yes, lord?"
"Please see to it that our cargo is sent to my facility in Buskirk as soon as possible."
"Yes, lord."
Using the cane to push himself away, Lucas stood and said, "Lead on, arcedominus."
The chamberlain stepped aside and revealed an airship on the far end of the platform.  The royal seal was emblazoned on its side.  Anthe started to stagger across the stone and Lucas took her arm.  She leaned against him somewhat and he found himself bracing against the cane the whole way.  
"I trust that our attire will be satisfactory?"  They were wearing the same clothes they had worn for much of their time on Leo.  They were able to dress comfortably during the transit both to and from, but they returned to their royal garb when they entered Virgo's orbit.
The chamberlain looked back.  "His majesty is more interested in your report than your clothing."  
Soon, they were seated inside the ship and the pilot lifted off.  It bent toward the north and began the journey away from Adrian.
Lucas leaned toward the chamberlain, "Will Pontifex Procula be joining us in Buskirk?"
"No.  I fear she has taken ill and remains in the care of our doctors."
"Lord Domos," Anthe asked, "what is it that the king wishes to hear?"
The chamberlain said, "His Majesty wishes to hear your report.  He wants to know how you found Leo."
"Is there something specific he is seeking?" Lucas said.  "Some information or knowledge?"
The chamberlain smiled.  "Lord Lucas, I believe you know what he seeks.  He has said nothing of which, I believe, you may have been unaware."
He nodded.  "Good.  I wanted to be certain that his thinking or desires had not changed."  He leaned back against the much more comfortable seats of this aircraft.  "Arcedominus, if you will, I should like to rest before our arrival."
"Of course."
"We have arrived."
Lucas' eyes opened at once.  The door slid open and revealed the blue-green grass that ebbed around the royal palace.  Despite his fatigue, he smiled at the sight and crawled from the airship.  He stood in the cool breeze for a moment and looked at the trees nearby.  In the mid-afternoon, the sun's light gave everything Virgo's characteristic blue haze.  When he drew his eyes around the grounds, without focusing on any hedge or plant, the green seemed to vanish and it all became Virgan blue.
"Shall we?"  Domos stepped aside and gestured for the priests to go first.  
Anthe struggled to begin moving and Lucas again took her arm.  "Am I sorer now than when we first landed?" she asked.
"I am, as well."  
The path from the airfield to the eastern entrance of Castra Aurelius was long and lined with statues and blooming flowers.  The stone walls of the castle rose sixty meters high and windows, both glassed and not, overlooked the fields and the lands of the king.  Bluish ivy crawled up along the corners and sides of the walls, finding rare purchase on exposed lines or extended windowsills.  A long, red banner with a golden seal hung from the largest parapet facing south.  It fluttered in the winds here on the low hills and caused the wooden dowel at its bottom to thunk against the stone façade.
"Greetings, pontifex."  
There was a line of lords, ladies, priests, and more inside the foyer and along the long hall.  Paintings of kings, queens, lords, and battles of old looked down on them as Lucas and Anthe nodded and walked past everyone as quickly as they could.  Soon, they came to the grand hall.  Statues depicting the gods marked the walls between important doors and the curved, vaulted ceilings amplified the acoustics of this room.  Here would be concerts and dances, if the current monarch were interested in such things.  The chamberlain turned and led them through the hall and toward the ornate entrance with the marble Jupiter on the left and the marble Juno on the right.  He held the handle for a moment, listened, and then swiftly opened it, entered, and closed it in one swift motion.  
There was muffled speech on the other side of the door before Domos' head appeared in the cracked opening.  "You may enter."
Lucas forced himself to be more upright and he entered the throne room with as little reliance on the cane as he could muster.  The red carpet ran from the door thirty meters across the space to the bottom of steps where a wooden throne, encrusted with gold, silver, and jewels, sat.  On it, an eager young man smiled and he beckoned.
"Hurry, priests, I have awaited this day for many months!"
Anthe and Lucas shared a glance and they quickened their pace somewhat.  The chamberlain darted to the front of the hall and announced, "Your majesty, I present Pontifex Scientiam Lord Lucas and Pontifex Sacrum Lady Anthe."  
King Felix rolled his eyes.  "Yes, Domos.  I know who they are."  He shook his head and squinted because they were only halfway to him.  "What is wrong?  Have you been injured?"
Lucas would have answered but it was considered improper to yell.  Thankfully, the chamberlain said, "No, your majesty.  Their time in space has temporarily enfeebled them."
"Yes, you told me."  The king shook his head.  "A cane, Lord Lucas?"
"Forgive me, your majesty."  He finally came to a stop and raised up again as well as he could.  
"Would you like a chair?" the king asked.  Domos glanced in surprise from Felix to the visitors.
Lucas smiled and said, "Your majesty is most kind, thank you."
"Please, arcedominus, get chairs."  
The high priest of science had dealt with two monarchs in his time.  Felix's mother, Flavia, was older and stern.  Felix was thirty and could be rash, but his quickness to eschew protocol was a source of amusement for many.  Soon, Domos returned with a chair and Lucas gave it to Anthe.  She sat, sighed, and immediately said, "Thank you, your majesty."
"Of course.  Two months without gravity."  He shook his head.  "I cannot imagine it."  As the chamberlain reentered with a second chair, Felix asked, "Your muscles weaken with disuse?"
"That is part of it, your majesty."  Lucas sat, sighed, straightened his posture, and then added, "Though I admit to enjoying the sensation of weightlessness.  To see things hang before you as if held by string.  It is a kind of magic."
"Or science," the king grinned.  "I am eager to have you here.  Please," he reclined, "tell me about Leo."
Lucas crossed his legs and folded his hands on top of the cane's handle.  "The planet itself is lovely, just as was written.  Pleasant weather across most of the land.  And green, your majesty.  Barring the blue in the sky or in the depths of their seas, there was none to behold."
Felix chuckled and shook his head.  "Marvelous.  Carry on.  The people."
"The majority reside on the northern continent and are largely organized in villages and towns.  There are a few somewhat larger cities, and these are along the coasts and near ports of trade."
"So they have a real civilization?" the king asked.
"In the north, largely, they do, your majesty.  There are a few villages on the southern continent that I might describe as 'tribal' and they venture north to harry the people there."
He looked at Anthe.  "What of the gods?"
"They have different names for them, your majesty, but they still worship the pantheon in their own ways."
"What does that mean?  'In their own ways?'"
"Only that some of the rites and traditions surrounding the gods have changed over time, your majesty.  With six centuries in isolation, we expected this."
Felix seemed worried, "These changes … are there any causes for concern?"
"Not that I have witnessed, your majesty, no."
The king looked at Lucas again.  "Their technology."
"Limited, to say the least, your majesty."  Felix smiled.  "It is clear to us that the guiding force in their founding was not of the same measure as our own."  He nodded toward the arcedominus for he was descended from the first leaders of Virgo.  "Still, I left them with some basic knowledge, your majesty."
The king interrupted, "Including geology and metallurgy."
"Yes, your majesty.  They will be looking for the ores and metals we seek."
"The Apollo Study must continue apace."  The priests nodded and Felix folded his arms across his chest.  "The Stones of Kobol.  Was the map from the Founders accurate?"
"It was, your majesty."  
The king cheered and applauded quickly.  He was giddy and stood from the throne.  "Three, yes?"  Lucas nodded.  "Tell me about them.  Everything."
"The first was found in a quaint village founded at the meeting of rivers, your majesty.  If one desired to retire later in life to an idyllic, pastoral location, Brivas would suit well."  Lucas could see that the king didn't care.  "The Stone was in the village temple and it was unopened."
Felix's eyes widened.  "How is that possible?"
"I do not know.  For centuries, the Stone was revered as a founding block of the temple but nothing more.  The priest spoke from it for his services but did not know what lay within."
"You opened it?"
"I did, your majesty."
The king seemed hungry.  "The books?"
"Intact, your majesty."  
Again, the king was elated.  "You could read them?"
"Yes, your majesty."
"Did you see anything new in them?"
Lucas shifted in his seat and said, "There were some mementos of Kobol contained in the cylinder.  I have catalogued them.  As for the knowledge itself, I am not certain yet, your majesty.  I perused the books briefly as we traveled but I feared damaging them."
"Of course.  You will study them quickly now that you have returned."
"Absolutely, your majesty."
"Now.  The other Stones?"  He descended the steps and stood a few paces from the priests.
"The second was in a mountain village called Dunon.  A warrior culture frequently at odds with tribes that sailed across the sea from the southern continent.  Its Stone was empty."
"Empty?!"
"I am afraid so, your majesty."
Frustrated, Felix planted his hands on his hips and turned away.  "The third?"
"A large city by the coast.  Riedon.  Centuries ago, priests opened the Stone and transcribed the books within."  The king turned and looked at Lucas with wide eyes.  "I gathered the priests' transcriptions as well as the original books."
"Did you read them?"
"The original texts themselves were very brittle.  The transcribed books, however, were in good condition.  I read them."  
The king stepped toward Lucas and knelt before him.  "And?"
Lucas tried not to let his expression betray his disappointment.  "I am sorry, your majesty.  I saw no new knowledge within them."
Felix stood and ambled back toward the throne.  "You warned me, Lucas.  You told me it was possible that the books on Virgo were the same as those given to the other worlds.  That the gaps in our knowledge would remain and there would be things beyond our grasp yet."
"Indeed, your majesty."
The king turned and inhaled.  "I shall not give up hope.  There are more worlds to be explored by the crown.  The mysteries of the Apollo Study shall not be mysteries forever."
Lucas smiled, "Indeed, again, your majesty."
"I have had a thought."  Felix stroked the thin line of hair along his jaw.  "Are we certain that the Leo have not read the texts from the Stones?"
Anthe spoke up, "I am not certain, your majesty, but I believe the likelihood is very low.  Only in Riedon were the contents of the Stone known and the ones who interacted with it were considered sinners and were sacrificed."
"Oh my," the king chuckled.
"They believed the knowledge inside had been forbidden to man."
"That bodes well," the king sat, "let us talk of business.  Did you establish a Trinitatis?"
"We did, your majesty.  They have been tasked to begin the unification of their world."
"Do you expect things to proceed as I did?"
"I do, your majesty.  The makeup of the council is ideal.  A simple, elderly man, a bloodthirsty warrior, and a greedy, power-hungry lord.  They are not up to the challenge.  And given the primitiveness of much of the world, it is only a matter of time before they falter."  The king nodded.  "I promised that Virgo would send more ships soon.  Are you still amenable to …"
"Yes, of course.  We will be ready to launch within the next two weeks."
"Very good.  We will provide a guide and information for the representatives and soldiers."
"Excellent."  He slapped the arm of the throne.  "Barring new information in the Stones of Kobol, I do not believe your journey could have gone better, Lord Lucas."
He smiled.  "I agree, your majesty."
VI
DUGILIOS
615 Years After Colonization

The druidh looked down at his hands, folded in his lap.  He thought for a long moment before looking up.  "Our people have only known the ways of farming and fishing.  How would we survive if so many were to become stoneworkers?"
Dugilios smiled, "It is a good question, my friend.  Riedon and Virgo will supply aid for Segessera.  All villages that take to mining for ores in the hills will be provided for.  That was decided by the Council and the king of Virgo has sworn it, as well."
Coracis looked at the merchant leader of Segessera.  He was an older man though he seemed more intrigued by these new people than others.  The mayor sat next to the merchant, though she was unreadable.  "I am concerned that our people may not want to give up their ways."
"That is a thing I have heard many times in the last months.  I will say to you what I have said to others: these new ways are better."  Dugilios smiled and continued, "The farms that cover your hills outside the village.  They produce a great deal of food, but not enough for everyone, yes?"  Coracis nodded.  "I tell you now, the Virgo have taught us more about farming than we knew.  There are already fields where the Virgo visited that yield almost twice as much as before."  The druidh's eyes widened.  "This means the larger farms you have now will be enough for everyone.  Enough for a surplus.  But that would leave other farmers and fishermen without work, yes?"
Coracis said, "If we produce so much, then we could trade more food with other villages, like Gabris or Alerta."
Dugilios smiled.  "We have visited with them already.  They have joined with the rest of Leo and their farms are using the lessons from Virgo."  Again, the Segesserans looked at each other.  "Food will not be a concern of yours soon.  Whether by your own fields or by supplies from Riedon, Segessera will have a plenty."  He looked out the window at the white and gray face of the mountain nearby.  "You have lived in the shadow of these peaks for some time.  Did you know there were riches inside?"
"No."  Coracis said.
"Riches?" the merchant asked.  "Will the Virgo share that wealth with us?"
"They will, indeed.  If Segessera begins digging for the ores they seek, wealth will be invested here and the village may grow into a city.  All the people here will prosper."  The merchant nodded and folded his arms over his chest.  His mind seemed to be decided.
"But what of the gods?"
Dugilios furrowed his brow and asked, "I do not understand."
"Long we have worshipped Vesunna, goddess of our harvests, and Condatis, god of the river."
"Worship them still, and do not fear their wrath.  Instead, add a new name to your roster."  Dugilios almost laughed as Coracis shook his head in surprise.  "Like your village is governed by three people and the Council of Leo is made up of three priests, worship three gods."
"And who would we add?"
"Ucuetis."  Dugilios waited for recognition to come across the priest's face, but when none did, he added, "Lord of smithing and crafts.  He will watch over your miners and ensure that the harvests from within the heart of the mountains are plentiful."
"Must we decide now?" the mayor asked.  It was the first time she had spoken in a while.
"No, of course not."  He reached behind himself and lifted a sheaf of papers.  "I will leave you with this and ask that you share it with your farmers.  This is some of the information we have on how to increase your harvests.  I leave this with you as a gift and a sign of our good will."  Dugilios stood and he was about to leave when he decided to employ a bit of the psychology that he saw Lucas use on Lercavon last year.  "The Council of Leo truly wants Segessera to join us.  Please, do so.  I fear that if you do not, your village may be left behind and wither.  As the villages of the world unite with the aid of Virgo, we are advancing faster than even we realize."
The trio seemed stunned.  A moment later, Coracis stood and extended his hand.  "Thank you, druidh.  We will have an answer to you soon."
Dugilios bowed to them and left the temple.  Outside, hundreds of Segesserans had crowded into the square to look at the people from another planet.  Four large soldiers in armor stood by their tall horses.  Dugilios' aide, Nikna, held the rein of his horse as she sat atop hers.  
The priest descended the steps and walked through the parting crowd to his mount.  A young voice asked, "Are you from the sky?"
Dugilios smiled and knelt.  "No.  I am from here.  Just like you."
He nodded and looked at the soldiers.  He whispered, "Are they from the sky?"
"They are," he whispered back.
He then pointed.  "What are those?"
Dugilios followed his finger and smiled.  "Those are horses, just like the ones the gods used to ride."  The boy's eyes widened and the druidh said, "Would you like to pet it?"
He gasped with excitement and Dugilios took his hand.  As they got closer to the animal, the little boy began to slow.  "Are they from the sky, too?"
"Yes."  The priest bent down and lifted him up.  He held him close and walked to the head of his horse.  Dugilios softly ran his hand down the length of its head and said, "This is Vecca.  She was brought here by our friends on Virgo."  He took the boy's hand and guided it along the horse's head.  He smiled for a moment before Vecca snorted and shook.  The boy withdrew and Dugilios chuckled.  "I think we tickled her."  He set the boy down and said, "I have to leave."  He ran into the crowd, and after the priest watched him go, he saw the expression on the faces of everyone else.  No one was smiling.  Some looked on in awe but most showed worry.  Perhaps even fear.  After Dugilios climbed into his saddle, he turned and forced himself to smile broadly.  He extended his hand outward and said, "Fare well!" loudly.

Days later, their party arrived in Riedon.  As they took their horses to the stable, Dugilios dismounted and walked away, leaving his pack and goods.
"Druidh," Nikna called out.  "Do you wish me to bring these to you?"
He looked back and cursed himself.  "I am sorry.  I have been distracted."  He returned to Vecca and removed some of the items from the saddle bags.
"What distracts you, druidh?"
He looked at the young woman and said, "I said something to the Segesserans that I regret.  I said it with the intention of convincing them to join us, but I fear it may have been a kind of threat."
Nikna nodded and lifted a pack to her shoulder.  "Was your goal not to convince them to join us?  If they join, why should you regret anything you said?"
Dugilios shook his head.  "I do not know.  But having said what I did would not sit well with me, regardless of the outcome."
He left the stable and entered the Great Nemeton.  After greeting many of the scribes and workers, he found his way to the main Council chamber where Lercavon was busy with planners and engineers again.
"If it is placed here," the high priest said, "the view toward the ocean would be best."
"I understand, ueramos," one of the architects said, "but the mountainside in this place is not strong enough to hold such a structure.  Were there to be a groundquake or lengthy downpour, the entire thing might fall into the sea."
Lercavon shook his head.  "Look at the knowledge from Virgo and see if there is anything which might change your mind."
The architect almost objected, but he saw Dugilios.  "I will study it further, ueramos."  He gathered some papers and began to leave.  The others did, too.
The druidh from Brivas sat at his side of the triangular table and began to extract papers from his packs.  "Are you still looking at building a larger nemeton?"
"Yes."  Lercavon flicked a sheet of paper off the edge of the table.  "They insist it cannot be built where I desire it."
"I would say again that the Great Nemeton is great enough."
"Hmm."  
"Where is Silara?"
"In the south at Urbu."
"Still?"
"Yes.  She summoned the Virgan soldiers the day after you departed."
Dugilios looked up from his papers.  His shoulders fell and he sighed.  "Again?  That is the third visit of hers to have gone this way."
"She is a warrior, doing what she does best."
"And this does not fill you with … unease?"
Lercavon turned and glared at Dugilios.  "No.  I am ecstatic.  She has ever succeeded and the word of her battles has spread around Leo.  What villages we have not yet visited may quake in the announcement of our coming, thanks to her.  And thus make our task the easier."  He turned in his chair and looked at the large map of the northern continent that was tacked to a freestanding board.  "What of your journey to Segessera?"
"I believe their answer will be positive."
Lercavon looked at him again.  "'Believe?'  You departed without a final answer?"
"I did."
"Why?"
"I knew that my remaining would have little effect on their decision."
The ueramos tsked and mumbled, "I am certain."
Dugilios ignored it.  "They reacted well to much of what I said, especially with regard to farming.  The merchant leader was enthusiastic about the riches to come from mining.  The priest appeared moved by my talk of the gods.  I am … optimistic."  He again felt shame at his use of a veiled threat and he looked down at his papers.
"Unacceptable."  Lercavon stalked around the corner of the table and barreled toward him.  "We are here to implement the will of Virgo and unite the people of Leo."
Dugilios tried to ignore the odious man huffing right next to him.  "And this is what I have done."
"You have used a slack hand …"
Dugilios raised his voice, "I have brought twenty-six villages into our union in the last year."  He turned and faced Lercavon.  "And you?  How many times have you ventured from the Great Nemeton to do the work with which we have been tasked?"
The short man blinked and took a step back.  "I have duties here, requiring my counsel.  The Virgan manager, Marcellus, he needs …"
"If you were to do the work that I have taken upon myself, then I might heed your words.  Until then, I will not."  He turned and looked at his papers again.
"I am the ueramos of …"
"You were the ueramos of Riedon.  Your man, Pelignon, governs Riedon now."  Dugilios shook his head.  "Here, in this council, you are just a priest.  One of three."  The older man scooped up his papers and stood.  "I will tend to my work elsewhere."
As Dugilios left the chamber, Lercavon said, "I will not be spoken to like this!  I am weary of your insolence!"
He ignored him and entered the stairwell.  And after only a year, I am weary of this.
VII
SILARA
615 Years After Colonization

She stalked through the camp, turning around the corners of ragged tents.  She didn't see the banners she looked for.  When warriors greeted her, she would only nod and continue on her way.  Finally, she saw a long red pennant with a silver horn-cat hanging from the supports of a tent.  A woman stood guard outside it.
Silara strode to its entrance and the helmeted warrior saw her approach.  She smiled and said, "Druidh.  I am pleased to see you …"
"Is he in there?"
"Yes.  He asked that he not be …"
She pushed past her and ducked into the flap of the canvas.  When she stood on the other side, she saw Arkatok sitting in his chair, polishing the silver of his helm.  His eyes widened and he threw everything to the ground.  "Silara."
Quickly, she rushed across the tent and pushed him away from his chair.  Her eyes blazed and her shoulders squared as the captain marshaled his strength to stand his ground.  He leaned against her and she wrapped her leg behind his and pushed him.  He tripped and fell back onto the heap of straw and hides that made his bed.  He sat up to speak and she quickly clapped her hand over his mouth.  Her fingers dug into his beard and cheeks and he strained against the pain.  She knelt onto his thighs, pinning him down.  With her free hand, she removed the knife from her waist.  Arkatok's eyes widened and she slid the blade down the length of his armor and leather until its point reached the belt of his trousers.  She cut it.
One leg at a time, she raised up from him and pulled his pants away.  Still, she held his mouth closed and when he struggled, she pushed back all the harder.  She grimaced and glared at him while she loosened the lower ties of her priestly bodice, the same leather under-armor she had worn as druidh of Dunon.  Finally, she lowered herself onto him and ground until he groaned.  Her hand slipped from his mouth and she grabbed his throat.  Silara pounded herself onto him until the air was pumped from his chest with each of her thrusts.  A deep rumble formed within her and emanated from her mouth.  Her pace quickened and her grip on his throat tightened.  His face reddened and her eyes closed.  She felt sharp ebbs of pleasure rise in intensity until her muscles slackened and her thrusting stopped.  Her fingers fell from his neck and he coughed.  As he did, she felt the quiver of his own ecstasy within her.  Dizzied, she then hovered over him and her black hair fell around his face, shielding the pair from all the outside world.  
With a hoarse voice, Arkatok asked, "May I speak?"
Finally, Silara smiled.  "You may."
He nodded and coughed.  "It is good to see you again."
She kissed him and her tongue brushed his.  She collapsed onto his chest and said, "And you."
After several deep breaths, he said, "I will say that I preferred our last meeting.  Soft and slow.  Bare, under the stars."
"Mm."  Their first time together was also a pleasant memory for her.  "You have your ways of battle and I have mine."
Arkatok laughed.  "If we are speaking of battle, then, yes.  I prefer your tactics."
She felt a tinge of regret.  She looked at his face, seeing only his cheek in such close proximity.  "I was hungry for you."  He nodded.  "Hungry in a way that made me focused and mad with it."
He held her tighter.  "I saw."
She pushed herself up and looked into his eyes.  She saw only happiness and, again, she felt a regret.  "It will not happen again."
His expression hardened.  "You are a warrior of Dunon.  You take what you want, how you want it.  Or have you forgotten that in your city and among your priests?"
Abashed, her eyes drifted away.  "I have not forgotten."
"Then apologize no more."  He raised up to meet her and they kissed again.  "I would ask that you not cut my clothes from me, though.  I only brought the one set of good trousers."

The trees of the southern shores covered the horizon.  Beyond them lay beaches and the sea that separated this, the northern continent, from the southern continent beyond.  Urbu was the largest of the northern marauder villages that had yet to align with the Council of Leo.  Silara's diplomatic mission there was brief because she saw them preparing for war and meeting with Dunon's old enemy, Lanucrix.  And there were banners present that even she did not recognize.
"Baji," Arkatok had said, pointing to a drawing she made of one such flag.  "Mosa," he said as he pointed at another.  "These are tribes from across the sea.  We knew the Lanucrix had dealings with them in recent months but we did not know that they had joined their militaries."  Silara knew that her fellow priests would not understand another request for Virgan soldiers, but the gathering of old enemies and new justified it for her.  
The sun was near midday and there were nine hundred Dunon warriors arrayed around them.  Six hundred from Dinia made up their left flank and seven hundred from Iburo the right.  Two small companies of Virgan soldiers were at the head of Dunon's group.  They were dressed in their metal armor with blue undergarments; the other villages wore their usual colors, but all had a long strand of blue fabric tied to their right arms so its ends could blow in the wind of battle and all their people would spot it.  The numbers alone were clearly in the favor of the southern tribes, but Silara knew that her side had several surprises for them.  
Arkatok walked to the rear of the group and stood next to Silara and the Virgan captain, Urbana.  "We are ready."
Silara held a cup aloft and said, "I have no Well of Caturix, yet I offer you its blessings."
He smiled and bowed before her.  He took it and sipped the water.  "You have no hammer, either."
"The hammer remains with the druidh of Dunon."
"Of whom I am less than fond than you."
Silara smiled.  "I am glad."  She put her hand on the leather-wrapped handle of her sheathed sword.  "I will admit to feeling naked without my usual priestly trappings."
"Naked."  Arkatok smiled and stepped closer to her.  "Not an ill state."  Silara smirked and grabbed his beard.  She roughly pulled him toward her and they kissed for a long moment.  
Urbana's eyebrows raised.  "My priest," she asked in Virgan, "are we to begin?"
Silara withdrew and pushed Arkatok's chest away.  "Go to battle, beloved.  I will bathe the blood from you when you are victorious."
He bowed again and said, "A bath I would welcome."  He turned and raised his falcata and scepter high as he reentered the Dunon ranks.  They cheered his coming and moved toward its head.
Silara faced the armored Virgan and said, "We are ready.  Begin the drums."  She had been studying the new language since she joined the council a year ago.  She learned it quickly but often found that there were words and phrases she didn't understand.  Silara looked to the rear of the Dunon and spoke in her native tongue, "Drums!"
As they began to play, so, too, did the drummers from Dinia and Iburo on their flanks.  Carnyxmen raised their horns and prepared to blow.  Warriors at the front raised their falcata; warriors at the rear raised their javelins.
Urbana looked around as the pounding increased tempo.  She grinned and felt the vibrations ring in her armor and helmet.  "It is a good plan, high priest.  I see why the Dunon have fared well."
Silara nodded and looked at her people.  She faced the captain and formed a sentence fully in her mind before she said it.  "I thank you for allowing me to use the plan."
"Certainly.  These are your warriors.  You know their ways and strengths.  You know the enemy, as well.  I would not have allowed the strategy if I thought the tide would go poorly."
Silara focused her eyes on the trees.  She waited for a sign that they were drawn out.  In the past, Lanucrix were quick to strike, but that was against Dunon alone.  We have allies with us, but Lanucrix has more.  They see how few we have … they must strike.
The drums got louder.  The pace quickened.  Then, across the space between the trees and her forces, Silara heard the familiar yelps and battle cries of southern warriors.  She smiled and watched as hundreds of men and women poured out of the forest and into the field.  As planned, her army stood its ground.
Arkatok yelled and his people answered him.  He clashed his scepter against his falcata and the warriors did the same with their swords and shields.  Once their rhythm matched the drums, he turned and caught Silara's eye.  He nodded at her once and faced the enemy.
"Send the message," she said.
Urbana looked at her aide and said, "Do it."
The young man turned a handle several times until a hum came from the box.  When the hum reached a certain pitch and remained steady, he pressed a copper button several times in quick succession.  "The signal is sent."
The distance between the enemies narrowed.  Two hundred meters.  One fifty.  At one hundred, groups of the southerners stopped and fired their arrows into the sky.  Many never made it to the allied forces of the north and most fell harmlessly into metal and leather armor.  Only a few were injured or killed.  
Once the leaders of the attackers crossed the one-hundred-meter mark, the Virgan companies went to work.  Soldiers stepped aside and then lowered large iron cylinders from their upright positions.  Blocks were placed under the barrels to increase their elevation and the soldier in charge of each gun crew brought a flame to the exposed pan of gunpowder.  Save for two misfires, ten guns fired.  The noise was deafening and a surprise even to the northern warriors who expected it.  Billows of smoke erupted across the empty space and clouds of metal balls and bits sprayed into the initial ranks of southerners.  More than a hundred men were felled immediately and many of those were dying.  Even though there were nearly four thousand southerners among them, their pace slowed greatly in the face of such sound and destruction.
Silara raised her serpent carnyx and blew.  Its wavering, alien sound carried through the silence that followed the cannon and carnyxmen throughout their forces took up the call.  They blew and the warriors from all three villages surged forward toward the enemy.  The Virgan artillery had done its part, but they reloaded, just in case.  
The sound of carnyx horns was piercing and distracting.  The southern warriors were focused on it and the warriors who screamed and surged toward them.  They didn't hear the approach of cavalry on either side until they felt the drumming of their hooves through the ground.
They stopped.  Sixty Virgan horses and soldiers drove toward their left side and sixty more on their right.  The southerners stared at the strange animals which bore metal men and women.  To their continued surprise, the cavalry took up the carnyx call, which was answered by the warriors who now walked toward them.  The fighters from Baji were the first to begin a retreat, but it was short lived.  As soon as they turned, two Virgan ships approached from the south, over the trees, and then hovered in the space between the southern forces and the forest they had recently occupied.  All of them stared in awe at these giant metal boxes which floated on smoke and fire.  Then they blew carnyxes of their own.  Air was forced through vents outfitted with iron attachments and a deep bellow emerged, resonating over the battlefield and causing the bones and teeth of everyone in range to vibrate.  The sound persisted far longer than a carnyxman could blow and its pitch shifted, carrying its unnerving sound across the audio spectrum.  The ship's horns were answered again with the horns of the cavalry and infantry.  They blew over and over again until the sound became a blaring cacophony.  An aural blanket of confusion and fear.  Many of the southern soldiers fell to their knees and the others threw down their swords.  At this, the carnyxes stopped and the leaders of the four villages struck their banners and, apprehensively, approached the front of their forces.
Arkatok stepped between his warriors and nodded at them once.  "This way," he said.
The soldiers of the north cheered and Urbana put her hand on Silara's shoulder.  "Congratulations, high priest.  This is a stunning victory."
"Thank you, captain."
The Dunon warriors parted and jeered the shamed southern leaders.  Silara and Urbana walked toward them.  Arkatok bowed before Silara and said, "The captains of Lanucrix, Urbu, Mosa, and Baji."
"Greetings," she said.  One older man looked up at her.  She felt the anger in his eyes.  "I am High Priest Silara of the Council of Leo.  Your actions have spared many."  She nodded at the Virgan vessels and continued, "These are but a few of our ships and you have seen but a few of our horsemen and our cannon.  The combined might of the south cannot stand against all of Leo and Virgo combined."
"You would have us cower then?" the older captain said.
"No.  I would have you rejoice."  He seemed confused and she met the glare of a woman.  "Return home in victory for today your villages are joining with the rest of the world.  There will be peace.  There will be food.  There will be prosperity.  All will enjoy it."  
Now the captains appeared confused.  "You will not conquer us?" the woman asked
"Why would we conquer those who join us willingly?  Your villages are now a part of Leo.  We will give you aid and knowledge for farming, fishing, and digging for metals.  Knowledge for smithing.  Knowledge for medicines.  We will come to your villages to show you the benefits of this new way and you will see."  Silara looked across their faces and saw that confusion remained.  "Come.  Urbu is nearest.  Let us go there and speak as friends."
The captain of Urbu's warriors looked at the others and swallowed hard.  "As you wish, high priest."
They moved through the soldiers again and returned to their forces.  Arkatok looked at Silara and smiled.  "Conquered with words."
"They know it."  She looked at him and saw something in his eye.  "What troubles you?"
"There was no battle.  There is no need for a bath."
Silara smiled and kissed him.  "There is."
VIII
LERCAVON
616 Years After Colonization

Silver.  Gold.  Tons of it.  The priest looked at the report and lifted the polished yet uncut green gem.  He ran his thumb over its facets.  The riches that poured from the mines on Leo were beyond anything he could imagine.
And Virgo takes a hefty portion, he thought.  They looked for their rare ores and minerals, certainly, and Lercavon was happy to oblige them in whatever their industrial needs were.  But so much more was leaving the world … shiny items and wealth that needn't go.  
The high priest looked at the green gem again.  The sun from the windows illuminated it and it glowed.  He smiled and realized that there was a way for him to have more.

"Be it advised, that on the order of the Council of Leo, an additional levy of ten per one hundred shall be weighed against all goods transacted herein.  The costs of maintaining our union have grown as have the costs associated with aiding the many communities of our world.  Aid by way of food, trade, personnel, and defense.  The Council of Leo and His Majesty, King Felix of Virgo, thank you for your continued sacrifice."

The orders were sent to the collectors and magistrates.  Within a few days, more taxes would be collected, meaning more for both crown and Council.  But that was not all that Lercavon had in mind.  
IX
DUGILIOS
616 Years After Colonization

The priest and his Virgan escort flew south from Riedon.  Usually, he was keen to ride Vecca, his horse, but the journey to the southern continent was beyond her.  He had not been this way in nearly a year and he was pleased to be out of the Great Nemeton for a change.
When the ship landed and its hatch opened, they were greeted with silence.  Dugilios looked into the nearby hills and he spotted carts and mining equipment, but they were still and unmanned.  In the field before them, they saw tall crops, yet no one worked among them.  
"Something is amiss," Urbana said.
Dugilios nodded.  "I do not know what."
"What was the task Priest Lercavon gave you?"
The old man looked around and started to walk.  The village was on the far side of the field, in the shadow of the surrounding hills.  "The council of Canth wished to discuss matters with us.  Matters related to the state and our union.  He was not more specific."
The Virgan captain spoke to a few of her men, "Wait here," and then ran to the high priest.  They moved in silence and still saw no one.  "I have a foreboding."
Dugilios didn't respond.  The group of seven moved past the farm's fence and saw the edge of Canth.  There, a line of people stood, all of them holding weapons.  Some were swords, but others were farming tools or fishing spears.  Their burly leader, Jorano, stepped away from the line and approached the visitors.  "You are not welcome here."
Dugilios forced himself to smile.  "Friend Jorano, we spoke only last year when you joined our union.  I have seen your letters.  I believed that you were pleased with the growth of Canth."
"We were."  He stepped closer.  "Yet Riedon continues to squeeze our very throats."
The high priest blinked and looked at Urbana.  The Virgan knew some of the native language, but she didn't understand all of what Jorano said.  Dugilios looked back at him and said, "I am afraid that I do not know of what you speak."
He grumbled.  "You would take from our pockets with one hand and clasp our shoulder in friendship with the other."  Many of the townspeople nodded and grunted their approvals.  "Or, perhaps you would place a knife in our back."  He took a step forward.  "The Canth do not need such friends."
Dugilios stepped toward him.  "Jorano, please, believe me when I say that I do not know what you mean.  How have we taken from your pockets?"
"Your levies.  Your taxes!"  The people cheered.  "You have piled them atop us like water until all the world is aflood."
"I know of some taxes, but I would not say …"
He was interrupted when Jorano lunged forward with a knife.  Dugilios didn't see it happen, but Urbana did.  As the larger man moved, the captain leapt ahead with her shortsword and swiped it upward across the man's chest and face.  Surprised, both Dugilios and Jorano staggered back, but the latter bled profusely and collapsed to the ground.
"We must go, high priest."  Urbana grabbed Dugilios' arm and pulled, but the older man stared at Jorano as he shook and died.  "Come!"
The townspeople cried out and surged forward.  They ran from the village and some knelt by their fallen odocos.  The rest hefted their weapons high and gave chase to the visitors.  Hearing their screams and seeing their fury, Dugilios was shaken from his stupor and ran with Urbana and the Virgan guards.  Soon, they were in their craft with the hatch closed.  There was banging on the outer hull, but it subsided when the pilot flushed their vents and began to lift off.
The high priest sat in his chair and stared at the floor.  In the low light, Urbana could see a light misting of blood on his cheek.  "I am sorry, high priest."
A long moment later, Dugilios reached up and wiped his face.  He saw the smears of red and his lip quivered.  "I do not understand."
X
SILARA
617 Years After Colonization

Open rebellion had gripped the southern and eastern villages of Leo for four months.  They complained of taxes yet Silara knew of only some ten percent that was taken for Riedon and Virgo.  To her, this seemed a fair trade for the aid and knowledge that these villages received.
"They have gathered here," Urbana pointed.  "Gabris.  A small farming village near Riedon believed sympathetic to the rebels."
"After losing so many battles," Arkatok said, "why risk another?"
"They believe their cause is just," Marcellus said.  The Virgan advisor stood next to the captain of the king's forces on this world and added, "If this is what they believe, they would fight until the end."
Arkatok nodded.  "Honorable."
Silara looked at the Dunon leader.  "What is your plan?"
"We attack at night.  This we have not done before."  The large man dragged his finger from Riedon to Gabris.  "We move our soldiers around the village to their encampment on the northern side.  When they are in place, several Virgan airships will harry the camp from above with their horns and lanterns and make them flee their tents while our warriors sweep among them and slay any we find.  The cavalry will chase down those who manage to escape."
Silara nodded.  She looked at Urbana.  "What say you, captain?"
The Virgan said, "Again, Arkatok, my compliments.  I believe this will work."
He nodded toward her and said, "Thank you."  Silara smiled and felt pride at how well he had worked with the Council and the Virgans.  He picked up their language more quickly than she and he distinguished himself in battle over and over again in the last few months.
"When do you want to attack?" she asked.
"Tonight.  We would march out after starshine and use the horsemen to sweep the path ahead for spies and scouts."
"That is all."  Silara looked at Urbana and tilted her head.  The captain knew the high priest wanted her to stay.  Arkatok saw the gesture and looked at Silara.  She smiled and put her hand on his arm.  He took her hand, kissed it, and left the room.
"I do envy you, high priest," Urbana said.
Surprised, she looked at the Virgan.  "Why is that?"
"Your passion.  You both have it in such abundance for the other."  She shook her head.  "I despair of ever feeling such a way."
Silara almost blushed.  "You are yet young, captain."  Urbana nodded.  As the high priest looked at the closed flap after Arkatok, she said, "I wish to speak to you not of his passion, but his skill."
"Indeed.  He has great skill in battle and, more importantly, a strategic mind."
Silara nodded.  "Should all go well and the rebellion be crushed, I would like to name Arkatok as the commander of Leo's forces.  He would work with you and it would be a direct partnership between our worlds."
Urbana nodded.  "I do not doubt that he could continue to do well in such a position.  Does this mean you would no longer work directly with me on such things?"
"If the rebellion is crushed then perhaps there would be no need for my continued involvement."  While the Virgan nodded and said something, Silara's mind wandered.  If that is so, then what am I to do?  What war would I fight when there are no enemies?
XI
LERCAVON
617 Years After Colonization

How had it gone so wrong?
His taxes were meant to disgruntle the populace; not lead to open rebellion.  They were meant to make the people hard to deal with, which would make Dugilios want to leave the Council.  And bickering over money … that was supposed to bore the warrior priestess Silara to the point that she left, too.  Instead, thanks to the rebellion, she seemed happier than ever and she even brought her lover, that barbarian Arkatok, to Riedon as Leo's commander.  With Silara, Dugilios, and even Urbana supporting the move, Lercavon could not stand in the way.
Dugilios, though, was weary.  It may not take much else to push the old man away.  
"I think you should visit the northern towns," Lercavon said.
The old priest squinted and thought.  "Why?"
"So much of our attention of late has been focused on the south and east.  We have friends in the north," the round man said, "and we would not want them to feel forgotten."
Dugilios leaned onto his elbow.  "I have grown weary of the climate here."  He glanced at Lercavon, thinking he might have caused offense.  "And I have not left since my journey to Canth."
"That was six months ago," the high priest said.  "Go.  Take your horse and visit among the people.  It would be a relaxing time."
To Lercavon's surprise, Dugilios did not bicker.  He nodded his head and said, "Perhaps you are right.  I shall depart at the conclusion of our Council tomorrow."
At last.  A victory.  The taxes were still in place so the people would be displeased.  That was certain to wear down the last defenses Dugilios had.
And Silara.  He rubbed his bald head and thought while he stroked a smooth blue crystal harvested from a mountain in the southwest.  Peacetime would have sufficed to send her back to the mountains with her beast-man.  Yet … he is here with her.  She would not be so easily cowed.
An option came to mind and he put it on paper.
"Be it advised, that on the order of the Council of Leo, an additional levy of twenty per one hundred shall be weighed against all goods traded within Larga.  As part of our efforts to quell rebellion, our Commander Arkatok will arrive soon to collect these goods, as well as the swords and armor of one-half your armies.  We expect you to show him every courtesy.  The Council of Leo and His Majesty, King Felix of Virgo, thank you for your continued sacrifice."
Lercavon sent the message to magistrates in that far western town.  Two days later, he called the commander of Leo's forces to his office.
His hair and beard were better groomed than the high priest recalled seeing, but he was still dressed in leather and pelts.  He stood before Lercavon's desk and awaited word on why he was summoned.
"Commander," the high priest said, "I received this message from Larga yesterday.  Do you know the place?"
Arkatok took the scroll from Lercavon's hand.  "I do.  It is in the west.  A large village, I believe."
"Indeed.  And what of their warriors?"
"I have not faced them in battle myself, though I have heard stories of their victories.  Of their fury in battle."
"Excellent.  In that scroll, you will see that their council has agreed to dispatch a portion of their soldiers to Riedon for training with our Virgan friends.  Learning of their flying ships and cannon.  I would like for you to ride west to Larga, with a small, small contingent of your own men, mind you, and escort them here.  Perhaps, along the way, you can discuss the glories of battles past."
As Arkatok read the scroll, Lercavon wondered if the man could actually read or if he was simply miming the motion.  Finally, the commander nodded and said, "I will go.  I look forward to meeting them."
"Excellent," Lercavon leaned onto the desk and smiled.  "Ride now and fare well."
XII
DUGILIOS
617 Years After Colonization

The old priest sighed.
He spread the sheets of parchment across the table before him.  Orders from the Council of Leo.  Levies and taxes.  Ten percent.  Five percent.  Fifteen percent.  Portions of land value, of goods transacted, of wine, of mined goods, of agricultural goods, … it was seemingly endless.
Dugilios looked up at the magistrate.  He was a man in his thirties, but he appeared haggard and beaten by stress.  This office had become a fortress with bars on the windows and paid guards at the door.
"When did this begin?"
The magistrate sighed and pointed to a sheet on the far right of the table.  "This was the first."
"Two years ago.  A flat ten per one hundred levy on land value and exported goods."  Dugilios nodded, "I remember this."  He swept his hand over the table and added, "I do not remember these."
"They came bearing the seal of the Council."
The priest looked at them more closely.  "I know these letters."  The nine pages had the same initials scribbled at the bottom.  Lercavon's personal scribe.  
He stood and lifted the oldest sheet.  "Have you scribes and messengers in Sirio?"
The magistrate nodded.  "Yes, but they will not heed my orders.  Not for months now."
"They will."  Dugilios gathered the other sheets and slid them toward his aide, Nikna, who put them in her satchel.  "Let us go."
The heavy doors of the collector's office opened and a throng of citizens grumbled outside.  Seeing the high priest's robes, many shouted and pointed.
Dugilios raised his hands and stepped onto a small bench.  A pair of Virgan guards stood around him as he shouted, "Please!  Hear me!  The taxes under which you have suffered are at an end!"  He expected cries of joy, but instead, there was confusion and some disbelief.  "The Council of Leo only authorized the initial ten per one hundred levy!  That is all!  The rest … the rest was wrongly taken!"
"The magistrate!" some cried out.  The man shrank against the building and his mercenaries crowded around him.  "Get the collector!"
"No!" Dugilios said.  "It is not his doing!  He did not know!"
"Who did this?"  
"Did you?"
"I do not know," he lied, "but I will find out."
"Our goods!"  
"Will we get our money back?"
Dugilios nodded.  "You are owed it.  I will see to it that you get restitution for what you have lost."  Finally, the tension in the village square seemed to evaporate.  "I am going to see your scribes and messengers now so I may send notice to every town I am able."  A few of the people began to leave, but others came near and gave their thanks to him.  He looked at the wide-eyed collector and asked, "When was the most recent collection?"
"The day before yesterday.  It has not yet been sent."
"Good.  Examine your records and return all you can to those who paid."  A light seemed to come into the young man's eyes for the first time.  He nodded and nearly smiled.  "Go quickly and take your men."
"Yes, high priest!"
Dugilios, his aide, and the Virgan soldiers slowly made their way to a wooden shack where two women sat transcribing parchment.  An older woman nodded at him and said, "Heard what you said."
"Yes.  I need your scribes to send this document," he withdrew the initial tax decree from his satchel, "and a letter which I will dictate, to as many villages as you are able."
"Aye."  She looked at the two women and clapped her hands.  They stopped their writing.  "Now, high priest, not that I doubt your word, but will there be recompense for our effort?"
"You are right to be skeptical, m'lady."  He turned to Nikna and said, "Purse."  She withdrew a small leather bag and handed it to Dugilios.  He reached inside and withdrew a stack of silver coins.  "Will this be enough?"
Her eyes widened and she picked them up.  "It will, high priest.  It will.  Just say the words."  She ran to an empty desk and picked up a clean sheet of parchment and a quill.
Dugilios took a deep breath.  "Citizens of Leo.  For some months now, you have been unjustly taxed.  The only levy approved by the Council of Leo was the first, a ten per one hundred levy on land value and exported goods.  The rest was taken illegally and will be returned."  His skin flushed hot at saying that, not knowing if it was a promise he could keep.  "A copy of the initial levy is included and this is the only one which should be used.  Mind the safety of your collectors for they did not know of the ill they carried out.  A wrong was done unto you but it was not by their hand.  Dugilios, High Priest, Council of Leo."  He watched their quills wave and he asked, "You have it?"
The older woman nodded.  "I do, high priest.  The other parchment?"
He reached over the counter and handed it to one of the young women.  "Please return that to the magistrate when you are finished."
"Aye.  Copies of your letter and the tax parchment will go to all thirty-two villages and towns we service."
"Is that all?"
She looked up.  "We've not had need to send messages farther."
He pulled another stack of coins from the purse and set it on the counter.  "Please.  If you have to pay messengers in other villages to go where you do not, do so."
The woman stood again and took the silver.  "We will, high priest."

Sirio had been the first village he visited and it would be the last on this journey, for Dugilios rode with his guards and aide back to Riedon straight away.  The old man said nothing to anyone when he arrived and he walked up through the Great Nemeton to the Council chambers.  It was empty.
The head of steam that he had built up dissipated somewhat and he turned back into the corridor.   He stalked around the corner to the office of ueramos and he heard the round man's voice pierce the wooden door.  Without a knock, Dugilios opened it.
Both Lercavon and the ueramos, Pelignon, turned with shock.  "What are you doing?" the high priest asked.
"I will speak with you.  Now."
Lercavon looked at his protégé and said, "I will return."
Dugilios let the shorter man walk to the council chambers ahead of him.  "I had thought you would be far away from Riedon now."
"You sent me into the north to visit our villages there."  Dugilios closed the door and then walked to his side of the triangular table.  "What did you hope I would find?"
Lercavon smiled.  "I imagine old friends, since it was you who brought them into our union."
Dugilios reached into his satchel and removed stacks of parchment.  He held one up and asked, "What did you hope I would find?"  Lercavon squinted and, once he recognized the format of the levy decree, his eyes widened and he sat down.  "Did you expect me to find angry citizens?  I did."
"Angry?"
"Hungry.  Dirty.  Cold."  Heat boiled through his chest and he fought to keep his breathing and speech steady.  "People who lost their homes because they could not maintain your taxes."  He dropped the sheets back into his satchel.  "Why would you do this?"
Lercavon sighed.  "We would have implemented more levies eventually.  The funds they paid helped support our forces …"
"Who were engaged in quashing a rebellion … brought about because of your taxes."  Dugilios' hands became fists.  "How many died because of you?  And why?  Because you enjoy your gold and silver?  The jewels?  Because you wished to endear yourself to Virgo?"
"You do not understand."
"I know I strike near enough to the mark.  I know that you have no manner of understanding the pain you have caused all the people of our union."  The anger built inside of him until he lashed out.  Dugilios raised his fists up and slammed them onto the tabletop.  The sound echoed in the room and Lercavon's eyes widened; he seemed afraid.  After he had done it, the old priest's hands and arms hurt and he regretted the outburst.  "I will empty our treasure stores and return that which you have stolen from our people.  And then I will leave."  A brightness came across the fat man's face and Dugilios recognized it from across the table.  "That is more the point, is it not?  You never wished to be on a council of three."
"I led Riedon.  I alone can lead Leo."
"You have proven you cannot.  And before I depart, I will ensure that you will not.  You have clumsily sought to enrich and empower yourself at the expense of the union.  You are undeserving of your role."
Lercavon stood, angry instead of frightened for the first time.  "And how will you do such a thing?"
"I will confer with Silara.  She will agree with me."
"Oh."  Lercavon suppressed a smile.  "I do not think she will be able to join you."
XIII
SILARA
617 Years After Colonization

The sword split flesh as easily as it rent the air.  Its blade tore through leather and into the pink skin and muscle beneath.  There was the briefest moment when blood would not be seen and only the gaping hole of war lay bare to the sky.  She looked for those moments and found them too fleeting.  An emptiness in her enemy to match the emptiness in her heart.  Redness crept into the wound and sprayed forth and the noise of battle returned to her ears.
Silara turned and swung again.  This time, her steel found bone and she watched the large warrior's leg buckle.  Bloodied white splinters erupted from the injury and she turned again.
She fought for another hour until the Largan warriors ran away.  She raged and screamed at them to return before she heard the roar of the Virgan ships behind her.  Then she turned and raged at them.
When they landed, she ran to Captain Urbana and slapped her hard, sending her against the hull of the vessel.  "I told you to keep them grounded!  I want their blood, not their backs!"
The Virgan stood and squared her shoulders.  "High priest, you were surrounded.  In another moment's time, you would have been overrun.  We do not have …"
"If death was coming for me, then it was my due."  She leaned down into Urbana's face.  "You had no right to take it from me."
"High priest," she spoke softly, "it is my duty to safeguard you.  I …"
Silara roared and backed away.  She raised her bloodied sword high and slammed it into the ground.  She fell to her knees and said only, "I do not wish to be kept safe."
Urbana knelt beside her.  She reached for her shoulder but then stopped herself.  Finally, the captain said, "We have chased the warriors of Larga across the continent for almost four weeks.  Every battle brings more of them to your sword and felled by it.  And still are you not sated?"
Silara looked into the sky and saw the orange-tinted clouds of sunset.  "No."

In the night, she lay on her bed and stared at the billows of her tent.  She heard the noise of birds and distant animals.  Then, the chattering of soldiers.  She sighed and threw off the light blanket that covered her.  When she exited the tent, she made ready to berate the men, but she saw Dugilios.
She was stunned.  "High priest."
He nodded.  Out of breath, he said, "High priest.  We must speak."
Silara pulled back the flap of her tent.  "Enter."  He nodded and walked past her.  As he did, she heard him wheeze.  He sat on a stool and hunched over, taking in deeper and deeper breaths.  "Are you well?"
"I am old."  He chuckled and then coughed.  "I have … ridden too hard … in recent days."
She picked up a cup of water and handed it to him.  He nodded gratefully and slurped it.  "I had heard you went to visit our allies in the north."
"I did.  And I came across … disturbing news."  He gulped more.  "But you.  I was told of Arkatok."  She squared her jaw and straightened her back.  "How is he?"
"He is dead."
Dugilios cocked his head and said, "I … that is not what I was told."
Silara blinked.  "For the Dunon, a warrior … he is now as a painter without sight or a musician without hearing."
"He lost an arm …"
"His sword arm."
"And an eye."
Silara nodded.  "Ask Arkatok himself how he fares and he will say that he is dead."
Dugilios set the empty cup on the ground.  "And he was sent back to Riedon this way?"
She nodded again.  "His men were slain.  He was carted back with the message, 'Thus have we taxed you.'"
Now the older priest seemed angered.  "I had not heard that.  I fear …" he cleared his throat again, "I fear that I have news on that matter."
Silara inhaled sharply and stood.  "Explain."
"In your recollection of our council meetings, you would say that we issued only one tax decree, yes?"
"Yes."
"At Sirio, I found that Lercavon had sent out a further nine decrees to that village.  The gods only know how many more were dispatched to other villages.  The tax burden on the people has been beyond anything we can imagine."
Her nostrils flared and she looked upward.  "I can imagine.  The burden was enough that half our villages rose against us in rebellion."
"Yes."
She clenched her fists and stalked about the tent in a circle.  When she stopped, she asked, "How did we not know?"
"Lercavon's people stopped messages from reaching us.  He … dispatched me to villages that were not so heavily taxed so that their complaints were minimal.  When the rebellion came," Dugilios shook his head, "I think he was surprised, but I was frightened into staying at Riedon and you were distracted by battle.  From Sirio, I issued a statement rescinding all taxes but the first.  I also said we would return what we could."
"Lercavon."  Her eyes burned and the older priest saw it.
"Tell me.  Why did Arkatok travel to Larga?"
"I do not know.  I know only that he was met on the road by a Largan force and attacked.  I pursued them once his body was brought to the city."
"I will take a Virgan ship to Larga and try to end this conflict now.  I spoke to their druidh Tegorik years ago and he seemed to be a reasonable man.  I will offer recompense for their taxes and their lost warriors."  Silara shot him a glare and he said, "This has been a mistake.  Not of their doing or ours."
She thought and then said through gritted teeth, "I will go to Riedon and put things aright."
"I would prefer to see Lercavon arrested and know that he would come to his end in a cell.  I am … ashamed to say, though, that I would not mourn if he falls on the tip of your blade."  Silara said nothing and remained still.  "Please see to it that Lercavon's vaults are emptied and that the villages and towns get their goods returned."
"I will.  If the Largans let you live, will you return to Riedon and help me fix Lercavon's doings?"
He shook his head.  "I am too old.  Too tired.  I only wanted to help the people of Leo and yet," he sighed, "I feel that things are worse.  I will return home to Brivas and there enjoy the remainder of my days."  Dugilios stood and gently put his hand on her arm.  She looked down at it and then into the kindly old man's face.  "We are different people and I would not presume to know your mind or your people's ways.  I will only say that … Arkatok's heart still beats.  His mind still thinks.  If those two things are so, then he loves you still."  Her stern façade cracked and she swallowed hard.  "Be with him and love each other in a world free from battle."
She slowly turned and reached for her sword.  She held its scabbard up and said, "There is one battle yet."
XIV
LERCAVON
617 Years After Colonization

He sat at his table and stared at the door.  The noise began nearly half an hour ago with the clashing of metal beneath his window.  The sounds of battle in the levels below the Great Nemeton continued and now they were in the hall beyond.  He had ordered the temple guards to keep Silara and the Dunon away, but he guessed even then that they would fail.
"Ueramos," Pelignon said, "shall we flee?"
His breathing was quick and shallow.  His eyes were wide and fixed on the locked door.  "There is no place to which I might flee."  He looked around the room and sighed.  "It is finished."  He was nearly panting for air.  "Pelignon, unlock the door."
The ueramos of Riedon looked at his mentor in shock.  "Are you certain?"
He nodded quickly.  "I cannot abide prolonging the inevitable."
The younger priest stood and slowly approached the heavy wooden barrier.  There was a scream on the other side and Pelignon jumped back.  Tentatively, he stepped forward again and threw the iron bar upward.  There was more battle in the hall and, finally, the door swung into the room.
Silara's frame filled the opening.  Blood was splashed across her chest and arms and sprayed onto her face.  Her eyes locked onto Lercavon and she tightened her grip on her sword.  "High Priest Lercavon of Riedon."
He nodded quickly and began to wheeze.  "Yes."
She stormed into the room and loomed above him.  Several Dunon warriors entered after her.  They, too, were covered in blood.  He quivered beneath her and she said, "I, High Priest Silara of Dunon present this to you."  She removed a scroll from under her mail shirt.  "High Priest Dugilios of Brivas and myself hereby remove you from the Council of Leo."
Lercavon took the scroll and stared at it.  His breathing stopped and he stared up at her in surprise.  "That is all?"
She nodded.  Then, Silara took another pair of scrolls from her shirt.  "In this one, the remaining high priests name Arkatok of Dunon as your replacement."
The short, round man blinked quickly.  He began to pant again.  "Arkatok?"
Silara stepped aside and the giant was there.  His right arm was gone from his bicep down and his right eye was covered in cloth, bound to his head by a leather strap.  In his left hand he held a falcata, the slightly curved blade of the Dunon.  His face was firm and he did not blink.  He placed the point of the sword on Lercavon's belly and said, "I remove you."  With a single thrust, Arkatok pushed it through him until a third of the blade emerged from the wooden back of the chair.  The former high priest could only gasp and sputter as blood poured from around the falcata's handle and also dripped from the tip behind him onto the stone floor.
He looked up at Silara who now turned toward Pelignon.  "This is the resignation of High Priest Dugilios.  In it, he recommends naming you as his successor.  We have no objections to this."
The ueramos of Riedon sat terrified, gaping at his mentor as he sat dying.  Fearfully, he looked up at the two warriors and nodded.  "I will.  Thank you."
"Now," Silara said, "let us start anew."
XV
LUCAS
618 Years After Colonization

His ears popped as the pressure shifted in the cabin and he opened and closed his mouth several times to fix it.  Once his hearing returned to normal, he stood from the seat and approached the hatch.
"Greetings, pontifex," Marcellus said.
Lucas stepped from the ship and stretched in the morning sun.  "Greetings."  He handed the man a scroll.  "My orders from his majesty."
Marcellus read and nodded.  "Very well, m'lord."  
He gestured behind him.  "There is a sensitive chest aboard related to my duties as high priest of science.  Please see to it that it is taken to my chambers as soon as possible."
"Of course."  Marcellus stepped aside and gestured toward the city's square.  "I will guide you."  Three more Virgan ships landed behind them and disgorged dozens of soldiers.  A larger vessel landed nearby and workers began to free anxious horses from the cargo hold.  Marcellus looked back at them and asked, "Where did you land to recuperate from your journey?"
"In the north, where it is cool.  Where we hunted the forest horn-cat and a large snowdeer."  Lucas adjusted the silver buckle on the blue cape which hung from his shoulders.  "It is summer in Buskirk, you know."
"Yes, m'lord."
"Two days in a lovely field with a stream.  Tall, green trees around."  He smiled and his eyes danced around the white stone architecture of Riedon.  "Very pleasant."  The Great Nemeton loomed ahead.  "What is the latest?"
The advisor said, "All is quiet for now.  The cities that rebelled under taxation have quieted and the taxes were largely eliminated.  The Council returned the treasuries to the people …"
"Oh," Lucas said, shaking his head.  "Shame."
"Yes.  That has engendered more support for this new Council.  In the last few months, more villages have joined their union.  There has been no further conflict."
They stopped at the entrance and looked up at the temple guards.  "I do not see these warriors of theirs."
"Some are here," Marcellus said.  He scanned the people that gawked along the sidewalks in the square.  "Most have returned home to the mountains until they are called to battle."
"Good.  That will make this easier."  He put one foot on the step and then asked, "Where is Captain Urbana?"
"She is within.  I have told her you were coming."
Lucas started up the steps and said, "You will speak to her.  Tell her she has been recalled to Virgo."
"Yes, m'lord."
He had not been in these halls for almost four years, yet he remembered them well.  He walked up the stairs with Virgan guards behind him and all parted for the tall, shining soldiers.  In moments, he arrived at the large entrance to the Council of Leo's chamber and he pushed open the doors.
"High Priest Lucas," Pelignon said.  He stood and bowed.  Seeing this, Silara and Arkatok did the same before they all sat again.
Lucas entered.  Two Virgan guards stood on either side of the door.  "I have come under orders from his majesty, King Felix of Virgo.  Due to the recent difficulties that have been experienced on Leo, I have been named governor.  All decisions made by the Council must be approved by me before they are implemented."
Pelignon nodded and smiled.  Silara and Arkatok, however, shared a look.  She asked, "Does this mean that the power of the Council has been diminished?"
Lucas shrugged, "If I approve of the decisions that the Council makes, then no.  I do, however, have a power that only you had yourselves beforehand.  I have a say in the makeup of this Council, and, under advisement from King Felix himself, I am removing High Priests Silara and Arkatok from it."
They both stood quickly, pushing their chairs backward.  The Virgan soldiers tightened their grips on their sword handles and shields.  "Why?" she asked.
"Though what High Priest Lercavon did was illegal, he was still a lawful member of the Council.  You two led an insurrection against this Council, killing twenty-one temple guards, and then slew him without the benefit of trial."
Arkatok grumbled, "He spread lies to send me to my death!"
Lucas looked at what remained of the large man's arm and the patch over his eye.  "I did not say that his death was unjustified, only that your actions were also in the wrong."  He walked around the corner of the table toward Pelignon's side.  "I understand that the union of villages is larger and that there is a peace over Leo, thanks to your leadership and the way you have dealt with the taxation crisis."
Suspicious, Silara said, "Yes."
"Very good."  He smiled and clasped his hands behind his back.  "Please, see this as a gift.  You have worked for nearly four years to unite this planet and you have made great progress.  The mining exports are continuing to grow and Leo agricultural goods are prized on Virgo.  Return home and live your lives comforted in the knowledge that you've made this world better."
Arkatok faced Silara and she gave a half-grin.  "You said you hate this work."
He blinked and said, "This is not work."
Silara raised her chin and walked around the corner to him.  She took his left hand and said, "Let us return to Dunon and be together until the end of our days."
He raised her hand to his mouth and kissed it.  "We will."
Lucas smiled.  "Excellent.  I wish you only happiness."  
"We will depart," she said and the pair left the chamber.
The governor looked down at Pelignon and said, "You are the senior priest on the Council now, obviously."
"Yes, governor."
"Draw up a list of recommendations to take their positions and give it to me by sundown."
Pelignon bowed and gathered his papers.  "Yes, governor."  He stood and rushed from the room.
Lucas sat just as Marcellus entered.  "Urbana has been notified.  She will depart on the next ship."
"Good."  He pointed at the guard nearest him.  "This is Captain Tullia.  She will take her place.  See to it that she gets acquainted with Urbana's duties and the like."
"Of course."  Marcellus looked at the empty chairs and asked, "Things did not go ill with Silara and Arkatok?"
"Not at all."  He leaned back in the chair and thought.  After a moment, he faced Tullia and said, "Captain, see to it that their return to Dunon is halted once they are a sufficient distance from the city."
"Yes, governor."
Marcellus thought for a moment and then nodded when he understood.  "They led an insurrection once before and they still command a formidable army of warriors."
"Intelligent enough to not battle Virgans during their attack on Lercavon, as well.  It would be folly to let them live."  He looked at a map of Leo and pushed the parchment aside.  "We will blame their deaths on some tribe that has not yet joined our union and then Silara's people will gladly help bring them into our fold."
The advisor straightened and said, "The chest has been taken to your chamber, governor."
"Excellent."  He stood from the table and began to leave.  "I will continue my work there."
When he neared the door, Marcellus asked, "Is that all, my lord?"  Lucas turned part of the way.  "Is there to be no ceremony?  No parade, perhaps, to mark your assumption of this role?"
The governor looked at the advisor and said, "No.  Pomp of that sort would educate these barbarians on the true nature of our relationship.  For now, it is best that they continue to believe that the Council governs them fairly and that they never realize the hand of the king holds their leash."
"They will not remain so ignorant forever, my lord."
"No, they will not, but let us enjoy their ignorance for as long as we may.  We have now some two thousand soldiers on Leo with more on the way."  He started to leave the chamber and he said, "They will stand ready for the day when these people finally understand their place."
In his room, he sat at the wooden desk by the wide windows which looked toward the sea.  His eyes were not drawn to the magnificent view, however.  Instead, they hovered along lines of centuries-old writing.  Transcriptions of ancient texts from the Stone of Kobol, which once resided in this very temple.  He began his own transcription, his own translation, into blank volumes.  As the evening arrived and lamps were lit, the governor kept writing.
XVI
KAESO
Unknown Years Before Activation

"Pride," the voice said.
He kept his head low.
Another voice spoke, "You are self-assured.  Confident."
He did not respond.
"You made a powerful enemy with your pride," the first voice said.  "You gathered your world unto you and plunged them into a war which lasted a thousand years."
He looked up again, partly in anger, partly in disbelief.
"So, you have heard us."
"I will not respond to those who do not show their faces," Kaeso said.
"Fair."
He turned and saw his wife emerge from the blackness.  He stood but did not approach her.  "Ele.  Is it you?"
She nodded.  Her long, blonde hair was wrapped tightly atop her crown with every strand in place.  Her dress was lovely but understated.  Her skin glowed, as it often seemed to.  "Why would you not answer those who only seek knowledge from you?"
"What knowledge do they seek?"
She grinned.  "How you became the man you were."
He tilted his head.  "'Were?'"  He looked away and remembered.  "I became who I was because someone needed to be."
"And you persisted unto your end."
He nodded.  "I did."
"You could have stepped aside."
Kaeso thought.  "By then it was too late.  I had … momentum."
"Not all tasks in the world should be borne by a single man."
"Perhaps I lacked trust in those around me."
"That is not so.  You loved those nearest you as family."
"True."  He paused and looked at the darkness around them.
She took his hand into hers.  Then, she placed it on her chest so he could feel her heartbeat.  "Why then?"  His left eyebrow twitched and she nodded once.  "I see it."
"Because I did not trust myself in their absence.  And I feared that anyone who might take my place would not do as I would."
"Stubborn."  She smiled and embraced him.
Kaeso hesitated and finally returned the hug.  "I am a fool."  His nose brushed her hair and he smelled the familiar perfume and washes.  "I am sorry."
"For what?"
"For the life I could not give you."
Ele withdrew and looked into his eyes.  "Damn you.  What did I say?"
"That you were happy."  His fingers brushed her cheek.  "I am also sorry that I never believed you."
XVII
CELCHYTH
771 Years After Colonization

She was glowering.
Celchyth sat, strapped into her seat, and stared at the bolts that held the bulkhead in place.  Her red lips were pursed and her eyebrows scrunched together.
"Stop that," the older woman said.  "Every minute you frown ages your face a day."  She sighed, "Venus preserve us, you do not need the help."
The daughter stopped staring at the metal long enough to glare at the mother.  "What does it matter?"
"Insolence," her father said and shook his head.
Her mother, Osburh, ignored him.  "You may be betrothed, but you have not yet met him.  It would be well to remain in his favor for all your days, beginning with the first."  Celchyth looked at the metal studs again.  "This would aid not only your happiness but also the standing of your family.  And forget not the queen's orders."
"I have not."
Osburh nodded her head once and raised her chin.  Her eyes closed and she spoke to her daughter without looking at her.  "There will come a day when your beauty will not buy leave for your tongue."
Burgred grunted.  "And there are times when your tongue goes beyond even your beauty."
Now Celchyth glared at her father.  "Why should I want to trade in my appearance as currency?  Why does my tongue require compensation?"
"Because it is often sharp and goes where none wish it," Osburh said.
"That is in the fault of my audience."
Her mother pinched the thin flesh of Celchyth's forearm through her long, white glove.  The daughter yelped and withdrew it to her chest.  "That attitude," Osburh spoke haltingly and forcefully, "will drive people from you.  The very people you are here to know."
Celchyth's eyes narrowed on Osburh.  The mother simply stared forward.  "I am a woman.  I am betrothed.  I will not have you treat me as an unruly child."
Without meeting her gaze, Osburh said, "You are not yet wed.  And you shall ever be my child."
They continued in silence until the Virgan airship landed in the field outside the city.  A uniformed officer came to the passengers and bowed.  "By your leave."  All nodded and he reached around each of them, unfastening the safety straps.  
Osburh gasped.  "The spacesuit was thick at least.  When hands probed about me, I did not feel it."
As the officer unfastened Celchyth's harness, he looked at her and bowed again.  "Forgiveness, your highness." 
When Osburh saw her daughter's dress after the straps had been removed, she shook her head and clicked with her tongue.  "It has ruined the material.  She is to meet her betrothed for the first time and she appears as though she had been closed in a chest."
The officer finished and stood nearby.  "Again, forgiveness, your highness."  Quickly, he turned and left the cabin.
"They are needed, Osburh," Burgred said.  "It is for our safety."
She stood and brushed her own dress.  "They should be more loose."
Celchyth stood and looked down at herself.  She could be vain and admit it, but in this instance, she wore her mashed ruffles and wrinkled blue gown as a badge of rebellion.
As they left the ship, they met a retinue of guards.  All of them bowing toward the hatch before a single woman straightened and said, "Welcome to Redon, your highness."
Osburh bowed once and looked left toward the city.  White and gray structures lined the ridge near the sea.  As her eyes drifted across the land around her, she saw a wooden village next to the stone city, crops, a long, dusty road, and distant mountains.  She sighed once and stopped herself from groaning.  "Thank you.  Are you the chancellor?"
"I am.  Chancellor Sanson, at your service."  She bowed again.
"I suppose we should be taken to him, chancellor."  Osburh looked behind the soldiers and attendants as they rose from their bow.  "I do not see a carriage."
"Forgiveness, your highness," Sanson said.  "I can call for one."
"We can walk," Burgred said.
Osburh's shoulders sagged and she deflated her lungs noisily and with disgust.  "Very well."
The chancellor seemed trapped before she turned sideways and waved toward the path.  "If you will follow me.  The Great Temple is not far."
The family walked and Celchyth asked, "Does the governor live in the Temple?"
"No, my lady.  The governor does his work there and the residence is attached."
Osburh smirked and loudly said, "Mind yourself, chancellor.  The queen named my daughter Duchess of Argentan before our departure."
Sanson stopped and immediately turned.  Her face was ashen and she bowed toward the young woman.  "I most humbly beg forgiveness, your grace.  I was not informed."
Celchyth felt suddenly embarrassed and she nodded.  "All is well."  She saw that Osburh had turned toward her with a very smug expression on her face.  When they started to walk again, the daughter sighed and let a tingling fear creep over her skin.  She looked at the buildings they approached and thought that some looked nice.  The village nearby was quaint but she would not want to visit.  So near the farms …  A feeling of doom descended on her as she realized that this would be her home, perhaps for the rest of her life.
"The Great Temple lies ahead," Sanson said.  "It is now over three hundred years old and has held the Council of Leo since its establishment."  When they approached the square, the guards spread away from the visitors and created a wider path through the pedestrians.  Some of the citizens were shoved and they retreated against the wall.  The silver and blue Virgan guards stopped at the bottom of the temple steps, where there stood two rows of gold and blue temple guards lining the path into the structure.
The group followed the chancellor inside and a pair of temple guards brought up the rear.  Sanson led them through the old stone corridors and then up another flight of stairs.  They passed a balcony which overlooked the large sanctuary of the temple and revealed the dome above.  They then came to a closed door with a guard by its side.  The chancellor knocked once.  
"Enter."
She pulled the latch and darted inside.  Standing by the door, the chancellor announced, "Presenting her royal highness, Princess Osburh of Virgo."  She walked inside.  
Celchyth stood in the corridor and felt a horrible anticipation.  She knew her future husband was just meters away and she couldn't see him.  My mother got to see him first, for Jupiter's sake.  She bounced on her feet as Sanson announced her father.
"His grace, Duke Burgred of Nordfolk."  
When he entered, Celchyth moved into the doorway, but couldn't see around her parents.
"And her grace, Duchess Celchyth of Argentan."
She took a deep breath and walked into the room.  Her parents parted and between them she saw her fiancée.  He was tall with broad shoulders and a strong chin.  His dark eyes were like pools that pulled her in and his full head of dark hair aided in the sensation.  Celchyth's eyebrows lifted ever-so-slightly and she exhaled in relief.
The chancellor stepped into the doorway behind them and said, "The right honorable Jehan Kaeso, governor-designate of Leo at the will of her royal majesty, Queen Æthelswith of Virgo.  Long may she reign."
The others repeated, "Long may she reign."
Kaeso bent at the waist and bowed low.  "Greetings to you all.  I welcome you to Leo."
"Thank you, governor-designate," Osburh said.
He looked at the daughter, who now bowed her head mostly from embarrassment.  Kaeso saw this and said, "I trust you all enjoyed your recuperation at Hiedon."
"Yes.  A very lovely place indeed," Burgred said.  He chuckled, "I almost regretted our departure."
Jehan smiled.  "I am truly pleased to make your acquaintances, your highness and your grace, but I feel a great weight lies upon this meeting."  Celchyth looked up at him and saw his eyes again.  "By your leave, I would like to speak with my betrothed, alone."  Osburh's eyebrows raised and Kaeso quickly asked of the duchess, "If your grace would permit it."
Celchyth smiled.  "I would."
The governor-designate nodded and gestured toward the door.  "Your highness, your grace.  Chancellor Sanson will happily show you to your rooms, give you a tour of the Great Temple, or provide a sampling of our wines.  Whatever your pleasure."
Burgred smiled and happily headed for the door.  Osburh raised her head and looked down at her daughter before turning with a flourish and following after the duke.  Kaeso nodded at Sanson and she closed the door.  The pair remained still until the footfalls in the hall were gone.  Then their eyes met.
"I apologize, your grace, if that was forward of me, but I felt it was needed."
"I agree, governor-designate.  Thank you."
Kaeso gestured toward a pair of wooden chairs near a large window.  "Would you care to sit with me?"
She smiled.  "Yes.  Thank you."  Jehan remained standing as she gathered the folds and ruffles of her dress and sat.  When she did, he leaned toward a small table.
"Would you care for a glass of water or some wine?"
"Water, please."  He took a glass and filled it with a pitcher.  After he placed it on a table near her, she said, "Thank you."
"Of course."  He sat across from her and studied her face in the sunlight.  Feeling embarrassed again at such scrutiny, she made herself smile, and then looked out the window.  The ocean stretched to the horizon and the beauty of the view surprised her.  "I've not been to Buskirk," Kaeso said.  "Is it near the sea?"
She faced him again and smiled.  "No, governor.  I live in Nordfolk and that is by the sea, but it is cold.  Not like this place."
"I see."  
In the silence that followed, Celchyth felt the need to speak.  "I … took it upon myself to study Leonese."
"Really?"
"Yes.  It is quite lovely.  It shares many similarities with common Virgan."
"It does," Kaeso said.  "For the last one hundred fifty years, both languages have contaminated the other, some might say."  She nodded and, again, made herself smile.  "You will find that people in Redon speak both well, but Virgan predominantly.  In the country, Leonese or even older tongues persist."
"And your name, governor.  I recognize Jehan as a fairly modern Leonan name, but whence Kaeso?"
"It is not Leonan but instead High Virgan, derived from that word meaning 'to cut.'"
"Yes, of course."  Silence again.  She twisted her gloved fingers together in her lap and her mind raced as to what should come next.  "Why governor 'designate?'  Why were you not confirmed on the death of Governor Leonard?"
Now Jehan smiled.  "Pomp and show, I fear.  Because of my lineage, I was designated some time ago, but with Joining Day near, Virgo believed it best to celebrate my confirmation, our wedding, and the anniversary at once."
In the silence that followed, he sipped a glass of wine and she drank her water.  They sat still and enjoyed a pleasant breeze that came through the window and the distant sound of crashing waves.  When Celchyth realized he was looking at her, she smiled again.
"You needn't do that, your grace."
She widened her eyes and thought, What did I do?
"Your smile.  You needn't force yourself to smile."  Conscious of it, Celchyth lowered her head and Kaeso continued.  "This is an unusual occasion, your grace.  I am some years older than you and unmarried.  Happily so.  I was told that I was to be wed in order to renew the bonds between our two worlds.  I feel a burden, your grace, not only to Leo and my people, but to the queen and Virgo.  And now, to you.  As awkward and burdened as I feel that I am, your grace being a young woman of nineteen, I am certain that you feel it doubly."
Her mouth hung open and she sighed.  A tear came to the corner of one eye and she looked into the sky.  After a moment, she shook her head and said, "Thank you, governor.  Your words mean a great deal to me."
"I am pleased.  I would have you be honest with me, in all things.  Smiles and otherwise."  She nodded.  "And I would hope that you desire the same of me."
"I do, governor."
He held his wine glass and leaned forward.  "I have then a request, your grace."  She raised her eyebrows in anticipation.  "May we dispense with the formality of our titles?"
She laughed.  "Please."
"Call me Jehan."
"Celchyth."  He raised his glass to her and then sipped.  "You spoke before of your lineage.  Forgive me, but were you nobly born?"
"It depends upon one's definition of 'noble,' I suppose."  She grinned, genuinely.  "My grandmother was a governor, before I was born.  My grandfather some ways distant was a priest north of Redon.  His services often involved animal sacrifices and he was named after that action by the Virgans who visited the city."
"Kaeso."
"Yes."  Slowly, Jehan's expression seemed to harden and his eyes glassed over.  "You are familiar with the historical turmoil that surrounds Joining Day?"
"Somewhat."  She felt shame in not having studied the history of her new home more.
Kaeso nodded.  "After the Virgan governor assumed control, there were several uprisings for the next few years.  New Councils of Leo were seated and unseated according to the governor's whims and the violence of the rebellions.  My distant grandfather, the first named 'Kaeso,' was on the final Council that was seated as things settled."
"When the king sent thousands more soldiers here to maintain order."  She did know that.
"Indeed.  Joining Day.  The day when the Council and the people of Leo saw the futility of resistance."
She felt a chill race over her skin and she broke her gaze with the governor.  Was it because their conversation felt nigh seditious?  Can questioning a king's decision one hundred fifty years ago be a crime?
"Tell me about yourself, Celchyth."
She whipped her head toward him and inhaled deeply.  Nothing came to mind and the air slowly left her lungs.  "I … I am interested in art and music."
"Do you play an instrument?  Or paint?"
"I do both, poorly."  He chuckled.  "But I enjoy it, nonetheless."  She looked at her water and thought of her life to this point.  "I have been groomed for marriage for the last several years, though, to my mother's consternation, the lessons rarely took."  Her voice was hollow and thin.  "I am the last of my sisters and cousins to be wed and the oldest yet unwed.  To my mother's embarrassment.  And, possibly, my aunt's, the queen."
Kaeso studied her for a moment and saw the small form of a frightened girl sitting in a large chair.  He slid his own over the stones to her and he slowly put his hand on her arm.  "I am sorry if you feel that your life is little more than a breathing treaty.  Please know that I will not think that way about you."
She looked up into his eyes and saw the caring there.  Celchyth nodded and put her hand on his.  "Thank you."
After a moment, Jehan pulled away and asked, "Have you visited Argentan?"
"Argentan?"
"The duchy of Leo to which you've been named duchess."
She rolled her eyes and fell against the right side of her chair.  "No.  I had not heard of Argentan until the queen gave me the title before our departure."
"It is a lovely land in the central portion of the northern continent.  It holds mountains, vast plains, rivers.  An ancient fortress at Dunon.  The beautiful city of Lomere on the Argentan River.  We are scheduled to spend a week there after our wedding."
"I look forward to that."  She looked at his hand again and hoped he would touch her.
"Why did the queen name you duchess of Argentan?"
"My mother said it was to give me a 'greater royal stamp' than simply being the daughter of the queen's sister."
"Hm.  In that case, I am curious as to why you are not poised to wed the duke of Redon."
Celchyth tilted her head.  Curious, she asked, "I did not know there was a duke of Redon."
"There is.  He is a very old man.  The great-grandson, I believe, of the governor who was first named so."
She smiled and felt a flush of heat in her face.  She lowered her head and said, "Truthfully, I am very glad that it is you I am marrying."  After a moment of silence, she looked up and saw concern on his face.  He seemed almost stern and impenetrable.  Feeling afraid that she said something wrong, she asked, "What is the matter?"
"I … feel the need to be honest with you."  He looked away and nodded.  "Yes.  Now is better."  He stared deep into her eyes and said, "I would not want you to enter our marriage with a lack of understanding."
Now she grew nervous and her breathing quickened.  "Understanding of what?"
Kaeso was silent.  He turned his head in thought and looked toward the sea.  Then, he stood and straightened the front of his blue formal jacket by tugging at its bottom.  He leaned on the stone sill of the window and the hair blew his dark hair.  After a moment, Celchyth stood, too, and walked to the window.  The wind blew through her tightly bound blond hair and a strand fell over her face.  She brushed it aside with a finger, slowly, and tucked it behind her ear.  Jehan watched her and gave her a sympathetic smile.
He reached toward her and placed his left hand atop her right as they leaned on the stone wall.  He spoke softly and looked into her eyes.  "I fear I harbor no desire for female intimacy."
She did not understand what he meant at first.  Then, as she parsed the sentence, her eyes widened.  "Oh."  The confusion gave way to a sense of elation.  I may not have to marry after all!  She smiled and said, "I do have some unmarried cousins.  Young men who are nearly my age.  One is older …"
Kaeso shook his head.  "No, Celchyth."
"The queen could easily name one of them the duke of Argentan and the wedding could proceed."
"No."  He squeezed her hand and said, "I harbor no desires for any intimacy."  Then, to illustrate his point, he released her hand and withdrew.
Her brow furrowed.  "I am afraid that I do not understand."
Jehan nodded.  "I am sure."
"Have you been injured in some manner?"
"Were it so simple."  He smiled weakly, knowingly.  "For all my life, I have felt this way.  Seeking the company of none in my bed.  Feeling no joy in the release of my tensions.  Sensing no stirring in my loins at the thought or sight of another."  He saw the confusion and rising anger in her face.  "Celchyth, I am truly sorry, but I fear that our marriage will be one of convenience for people other than ourselves."
Her breathing increased again and she turned away from the window.  She balled her hands into fists and her mind raced.  "I was told, by the queen and my mother, to produce children.  Children who could rule Leo and possibly Virgo."
Kaeso moved toward her.  "I am certain.  This is something we can discuss later."
"No!"  She spun and glared at him.  "We will discuss it now!"
He frowned and said, "I do not believe we can resolve this now.  We have the wedding to prepare.  It is less than a month away."  Celchyth walked toward the small table and picked up the decanter of wine.  As she poured, Jehan continued, "Please know that I will do everything in my power to see that you are happy."
She brought the glass to her lips and turned.  "Everything save cancelling the wedding."  She downed the glass.
"If I could, I would."
She knew he was truthful.  She would cancel it, too, if she could.  She poured another.  With each splash, she thought of herself in these stone walls, near farms and a wooden village.  The ebbing of the sea so near and warm, pleasant air.  She thought of these things and imagined herself getting older and older.  And remaining alone.  Her throat tightened and she left the filled glass where it sat.  "I cannot bear the rest of my life here on a strange world, surrounded by none I know, and married to a man who would not touch me."
Kaeso lowered his head.  "I am sorry beyond reckoning."
She glanced at the full wine glass again and began to walk toward the door.  "As am I."
She threw it open quickly and saw a temple guard outside.  He looked toward the governor and Jehan said, "Please escort her grace to the visitor's chambers."
The guard nodded and began to move through the corridors.  Celchyth didn't look back at her betrothed.  She followed the large man and wound through several turns before he stepped aside and revealed a door.  "Y'grace."  He opened it for her.
Celchyth entered the spacious, stone room and the guard closed it.  She walked to the window and found that it faced the rest of the city and farms; not the sea.  She then went toward her bed and sat on its mattress.  She stared at the stone floor before tears emerged from her eyes.  Then, she lay down and cried for a long while.
XVIII
KAESO
771 Years After Colonization

Chancellor Amee Sanson, Forebishop Rolant Gunnor, and Jehan stood at the edge of the city.  Redon lay before them to the east with the village and farms behind them.
"You and your group will assemble here on the western path at the gates of Redon," Gunnor said.  "Her grace and family will be assembled along the coast road and approach the Great Temple from the sea in the east."
Kaeso nodded.  "To symbolize them coming to this land from afar."
"Very good, governor."  Gunnor gestured ahead and the group walked along the road.  A few local guards preceded them and the citizens gave them a wide berth.  The stone walls were marked with the occasional vine and the bans of marriage, the announcement of the coming nuptials.  "Undoubtedly, the streets will be filled with citizens here for the ceremony and the occasion."  
After a few moments of silence while the temple still remained ahead, Jehan looked at Sanson, "What is the last word on my name?"
She shook her head a little and faced the governor-designate.  "I am sorry.  The word of the preceptor remains."
He grumbled and stalked along the road.  "My family name is 'Kaeso,' given to us by the Virgans themselves."
"Yes, governor."
"It is High Virgan, for the gods' sake."  Gunnor glanced over his shoulder at Jehan who did not apologize for his near-blasphemy.  
"The preceptor has been ordered by her majesty to bring the titles of those in all Virgan holdings in line with the current tongue of the homeland.  Modern Virgan, if you will."  Sanson lowered her voice and walked a bit closer to him.  "As you will become a duke on your marriage to her grace, the queen has made this decree apply to your name."
He shook his head.  "How do I make a High Virgan name more Virgan?"  When the black-haired woman stared at him, he answered, "Yes.  Make it 'Caesar.'  I know."
"If I may, governor," the forebishop stopped walking and turned to face them.  "As I will be presiding over your marriage, I could include the changing of your name on the same occasion."
Jehan stared at the older man and thought.  Finally, he answered, "I thank you, forebishop, but I would prefer to separate my life-altering events for now."  Gunnor looked askance, confused, for a moment before turning back and resuming the walk.  Kaeso ran his eyes along the buildings to his left and found a high balcony with a young woman staring down on the city's street.  He nodded once toward her, but she withdrew from sight.
"Her grace only leaves her room for meals and functions at her mother's command," Sanson said.
"Were I in her place, I would do the same."  He ground his teeth and thought about their last conversation.  Their only conversation.  "She is in an untenable position."  The chancellor turned toward him and nearly spoke.  When she decided not to, she faced ahead again.  "What is it, Amee?"
Sanson walked closer with him again and nearly whispered, "I would not presume to speak of such personal matters, governor."
"You know me better than any, chancellor."
"Thus I may have advice on the subject."  She looked at him and said, "As a woman, I may be able to help."
Kaeso nodded.  "Thank you.  I believe I will call on you."  Sanson stepped away and he added, "When I know what to have you do."
The group approached the steps of the Great Temple and stopped.  Gunnor turned and faced Sanson and Kaeso with a broad smile.  "Here, you will meet her grace and her highness and here you shall remain as her royal highness, Princess Osburh, walks up the steps," he turned and gestured toward the tall, stone arches.  "There she will deliver her remarks from the queen on Leo and Joining Day and then, at their conclusion, you will ascend the steps by her grace's side."  The forebishop faced Amee and asked, "Would you please, chancellor, consent to act as her grace?"
Sanson smiled and bowed her head.  "Happily."  She turned to the governor and reached for his hand.  When she did, Gunnor stepped down and swatted at her.
"No, no.  You shan't … her grace will not touch the groom until they have ascended the steps and been wed."
"I see," the chancellor said.
"The duke will be between them, carrying his daughter's hand and separating her from the groom."  He began to go up the stairs and the duo followed.  Sanson glanced at Kaeso and saw the smirk he was trying to suppress.  At the top of the stairs, the forebishop was out of breath and continued, "Here, the duke will step from his daughter at my urging in the ceremony and the two of you will face each other.  The duke will remove her veil and present her to you.  The vows will be said and repeated by you both and then the exchange of gifts will occur."  Gunnor looked at the governor and asked, "Have you the brooch?"
"Yes."
"Good.  The ceremony will conclude and then her royal highness will present the decree naming you governor of Leo, at long last."
"Indeed," Sanson interjected.
"It is possible that the queen may do all in one decree.  I am not certain.  Afterward, we feast."  Gunnor clasped his hands and rested them in front of his abdomen.  "Do you have any questions, governor?"
Jehan turned and looked across the wide stone square.  There were a couple of vendors selling vegetables from the farms and fish from the sea.  Dozens of people milled about or walked on their way to conduct whatever business they had.  "The square will be filled, you believe?"
The forebishop chuckled, "Without question, governor."
Kaeso sighed.  "Very well."

The city was overwhelmed as Gunnor had said.  People crowded about the walls and lined the streets that led into the west.  Some sat or stood atop the buildings of the village outside Redon's walls and many more stood atop the buildings within.
Jehan tried to not to look.  He felt a dizziness centered in his chest at the thought of so many people there to watch what would be a private event if it were one of his choice.  He paced in small circles among the Redon guards and stopped only when he saw Sanson's boots.  He looked up and the motion caused him to lose his balance.  When he faltered, she grabbed him and asked, "Are you well, governor?"
"I am."  He hazarded a look around and saw hundreds surrounding him.  He slammed his eyes shut and then focused on the chancellor before reopening them fully.  "Have you news or something?"
"I do not.  I am here to wish you well."  Her concern remained and she spoke softly, "Shall I accompany you on the walk to the Temple?"
He grinned and shook his head.  "Thank you, but no.  You have your place assigned you by the forebishop, yes?"
"I do."
"See to it."  She nodded and left his circle.  
In her absence, Kaeso stood and thought.  He had no prepared words and, in the schedule of events, no occasion on which to speak any.  Still, he was nervous.
He adjusted his belt and flattened the contours of his purple shirt.  He tugged at the buckle on his blue cape and rolled his shoulders until it felt right.  He then looked into the sky and watched a lone cloud as it crossed from the south to the north.  He thought of the wind and then looked at the multitude of pennants that fluttered from the walls and buildings of Redon.  Long banners of Virgan blue with a stylized silver horn-cat at the center.  Watching their movements, his breathing calmed and the nervousness began to fade.
Then the minstrels began to play.  Jehan's eyes widened and he faced the city.  The musicians began their procession, playing horns, drums, and lutes.  They started to march and so did the Leonan soldiers.  Kaeso marched with them.
In the city, the roads were lined with hundreds of people holding lilies.  Some of them were thrown into the road in hopes that the groom may trod on them and bring good luck.  Between the shoulders and helmets of the guards around him, Jehan looked at his people.  Most were smiling but more than a few seemed melancholy.  He understood.
They rounded a corner and the Great Temple filled the view.  It was bright in the sun and covered with flowers and long swaths of colored fabric.  Ceremonial temple guards lined the steps and petals fluttered from windows above.  Then he saw the approach of the bridal minstrels.  Their song joined with the groom's and the two groups of musicians gathered at the center of the square to continue their playing.  The bridal party walked toward the steps, led by Princess Osburh with the duke and duchess behind.  Jehan tried to see Celchyth, but her head was held low, veiled, and behind Virgan guards.
When both parties reached the temple steps, the Leonan guards and Virgan guards peeled away and mixed before taking up positions along the sides of the building and path.  Kaeso stood next to Burgred in his black and blue finery and looked up the temple steps toward Forebishop Rolant Gunnor in his white and gold robes.  He was flanked by the other two forebishops of the Council of Leo.  With a smile, he signaled for the princess to ascend and Osburh began her walk up the stone steps.  She was careful and deliberate, trying to avoid snagging her shoes on the hem of her dress.  She reached the top and turned to face the crowd.  The minstrels ended their song.
Caked with makeup, Osburh raised her head and parted her lips.  Even Jehan was surprised at her volume.  "I bear words from her royal majesty, Queen Æthelswith of Virgo, of Leo, and of her other realms and territories.  Long may she reign."
Everyone replied in kind, most with a dull monotone, "Long may she reign."
Sanson presented Osburh with an open scroll and the princess began to read, "'Æthelswith the First, by the grace of the Lords of Kobol, Queen of Virgo, Queen of Leo, Queen of her realms and territories, to all whom these words shall fall, greetings.  Whereas this day marks the fifty and one hundredth passing of the concordance of our worlds, Leo, in its infancy, wed to Virgo, in its ascendancy,'" Jehan raised an eyebrow, "'and Virgo, with its maturity and grace brought an end to obstinacy and conflict, and Leo, seeing the wisdom of such a union, acquiesced,'" now he ground his teeth, "'we mark this Joining Day by conferring onto Leo a holiday from taxation not to exceed a full month.'"  There were a few scattered hisses in the crowd and Kaeso stopped himself from turning to see who it might be.
"'Whereas Joining Day marks the marriage of our two worlds, we mark another marriage as we renew our bonds by presenting our niece, her grace, the Duchess of Argentan, to be wed unto the governor-designate of Leo, Jehan Caesar,'" he whipped his head up and looked at the princess before looking at the chancellor, who seemed just as surprised, "'whose line has long served the crown.  And whereas we reward such loyalty if it be for the good of our peoples, we name Jehan Caesar the right honorable governor of Leo, at the will of the queen.  Witnessed ourself at Castle Aurelius, made patent and sealed.'"  Osburh lowered the scroll and smiled from below the stone arches.  "Thus has my sister, the queen, decreed and thus may you all enjoy!"
There was some light applause and even cheers from the merchant class that surrounded the square on balconies in other buildings.  A few sharp hisses breached the clapping and the royals seemed to notice, though they paid no heed.  Gunnor approached the center of the upper level again and nodded below.  As the minstrels played, Celchyth, Burgred, and Jehan walked up the steps.  Petals fluttered again around them but Kaeso did not notice.  He stared at his feet and fumed.
When they reached the top, Rolant made a slight stirring motion with his finger.  Jehan had forgotten, but he turned to face Burgred who lowered his head slightly.  After Kaeso returned the gesture, the duke stepped aside and presented his daughter.  Celchyth stepped forward in a gown of Virgan blue and a green the shade of Leo's plains.  Silver and gold thread was embroidered along the seams.  A sheer white veil covered her head until Burgred gently lifted it away.  Jehan expected to see the same overly made-up face that the princess wore, but instead, Celchyth's face was clean of any cosmetic.  Her blue eyes shone at him and her mouth was drawn into a tight line.  She was beautiful, he could admit, though he had no measure of her emotions.  She offered no hint.
"The bans of marriage have been posted," the forebishop said.  "With the consent of her royal majesty, we present her grace, the Duchess of Argentan, Celchyth, and the right honorable governor of Leo, Jehan Caesar," he shot the old man a harsh look with his eyes alone.  "In the presence of Lord Jupiter on high, and with the blessings of his wife, Juno, and before the eyes of all the Pantheon, may these two be joined."
At the end of that phrase, Kaeso extended both of his hands with the palms facing upward.  Celchyth placed her hands on top of his and held them very lightly.  He had avoided looking in her eyes, but he did at this point.  He saw that she was distant and the light he had seen before appeared to have gone out of her.
"Do you, Celchyth, take this man as your wedded husband, for all days, whether good or ill, and promise to provide the best of your mind and body until the end is upon you?"
She withdrew her left hand and reached into her pocket.  She raised a ring made of Virgan dark-silver, titanium, and placed it on the ring finger of his right hand.  "I take and promise."
"Do you, Jehan, take this woman as your wedded wife, for all days, whether good or ill, and promise to provide the best of your mind and body until the end is upon you?"
He reached into his pocket and removed a large brooch made of Leonan white-silver, platinum, jeweled and finished with gold and other metals.  He stepped toward her and she raised her head, baring her neck.  He slipped the brooch's pin into the thread of her collar and pulled the left side toward the right, clasping it there and closing the top of her gown.  "I take and promise."
Gunnor stepped to one side and bellowed, "By the grace of the Lords of Kobol, I name you wed!"  Many in the audience applauded.  "I present to Leo, their graces, the Duke and Duchess of Argentan!"  There were a few cheers and Kaeso smiled as he waved at the people below.  He looked at Celchyth's face and saw a slight smile there.  He was familiar with it because it was one of her fabrications.  Over her shoulder, Jehan looked at the happy Duke of Nordfolk and Princess Osburh, who seemed satisfied and yet bored.
Thereafter came the feast in the great hall beneath the Temple.  Music played for hours and there was dancing.  Kaeso and Celchyth did not yet speak.  When the sun had set, the final course of the feast was served and with it came cake.  Once it was gone and once the bride and groom had shared a glass of wine with the cheers of the assembled, Osburh stood.
"It is now time for the bedding."
The guests stood and Celchyth inhaled sharply.  Jehan took her by the hand as guests filed from the hall and streamed into the corridors.  Candles lit the way toward the stairs and the couple followed them, nodding at the smiles and bowed heads of the guests.  When they finally reached the upper level, soldiers of Virgo and Leo both lined the walls.  Standing at the side of the governor's open chamber door were Celchyth's parents, Chancellor Sanson, and Forebishop Gunnor.  Her hand tensed in his and Kaeso gave her an encouraging tug.  They walked through the gauntlet of armed men and women, then they bowed before the group at the entrance.  
"Goodnight, my daughter," Burgred said.
Briefly, Celchyth grinned genuinely at him.  The couple turned and walked into the room and Osburh said behind them, "Think of Virgo."
She tensed again and closed her eyes.  Jehan released her hand and spun to face them.  "Good night, all."  He pulled the door toward himself and then pushed it closed.  When the latch clicked, his shoulders sank and he stood there, breathing fully for the first time all day.
"You seem as tired as I," Celchyth said.
He faced her.  "I am a private man.  I do not enjoy being on display."
"That has ever been my life."  She walked toward the large bed. She stared at it for a moment before she turned toward the windows.  She could see distant mountains in the north and the sea to the east.  She breathed deeply.
"I hope your day has proved as painless as it could be."
Celchyth answered, "It has.  Thus far."
He unfastened his cape and draped it over the bar of a clothes rack.  He unfastened his belt, as well, and removed his ceremonial shortsword before setting it on the floor.  "What do you mean?"
She looked at him and removed the tied-back veil from her hair.  Her blond braids fell to her shoulder and she unfastened the brooch.  "We have the evening ahead."
Jehan straightened and looked at the empty sheets.  "I would do nothing to pain you tonight."
Clechyth reached behind her back and found the ties of her dress.  "You would deny me our wedding bed."
"I do not deny you our bed," he said, "only what transpires within it."  He took a step closer to his usual side of the bed and continued, "But this would be an exercise of a lie, and we promised each other honesty.  If you desire your own chamber, that can be arranged.  Tonight, however, I fear that we must continue the playacting."
Angrily, she pulled at the ties of her dress and threw her arms downward, casting it from her.  A thin white gown was beneath it, billowing in the night's breeze and allowing the candle behind her to reveal every feature of her body.  She studied his face for some reaction and she saw him scan her body once and then meet her eyes again.  He did not seem moved.  With a pull, the gown came from her and she was bare.
Kaeso felt the need to look away but he did not want to offend her.  He maintained his lock with her eyes.  "You are beautiful.  I will not deny it."
"You may not deny it with your words," she stepped closer to the bed, "but you would deny it with your actions.  Or your lack of action."
"I will say again what I said on our first meeting.  I would do whatever is in my power to make you happy."
"Save this."
He nodded once.  "Yes."
Spitefully, she raised her head up and said, "And if I take a lover?"
"If it makes you happy, then I welcome it."  Celchyth seemed surprised.  "I would only ask for discretion on both your parts."
"But," she looked away, "what of children?  What of the issue I've been commanded to bear?"
"If you are with child by your lover, then I would claim it."  She seemed surprised anew.  "If that does not happen, then … we might discuss something between us.  I would force myself to aid you in the completion of your commitment."  She felt shame and raised her arms to cover her breasts.  She knelt toward the bed and bunched covers toward her waist.  She stared into the distance and he asked, "What is it?"
"I thought … I could change you.  That you would see me in the candlelight of your bed and desire me."  Her eyes glistened.  "Hearing your words and seeing your restraint have proven me wrong."
Jehan unfastened his shirt and draped it over his rack.  She rolled onto the bed and slid under the sheets and blankets as he removed his pants.  He wore a thin white undergarment, too, but he did not remove it.  He got into bed and stayed by the edge.  Celchyth stared at him and watched his movements.  He made none toward her.
"Do you think they remain at the door?" she asked in a whisper.
Kaeso looked across the long room.  "If they are, they have been quiet."  She pulled a blanket down and looked, too.  "Perhaps if we jump and thrash upon the bed, they will be fooled."
Celchyth barked with laughter and quickly covered her mouth.  When she withdrew her hand, a smile remained.  "We needn't do that."
"Good.  I would hate to break this bed."  He propped a pillow behind his head up against the board and leaned on it.  He looked at her and said, "I like you, Celchyth, a great deal.  I am certain that in time I may come to love you."  Her eyes narrowed and he continued, "Though we must both understand the limits of that love."
She rolled and pushed a pillow against the headboard, too.  She leaned against it and turned to face him.  "You have been kind and I thank you."  She pulled on a blanket, bringing it to her neck.  "In the last weeks, I have thought of my sister, Ryeleah.  She was wed to the Duke of Cent.  He is a fat, old, and ugly man in appearance and spirit.  I received letters from her and she spoke of how cruel he could be and when he was not mean toward her, how alone she felt."  Celchyth looked deep into Jehan's eyes and said, "I am grateful that you are a good man but I admit to my fears that I should become alone."
"Fear not.  We will share this residence and, in that manner, we will see each other daily.  But there is more.  As the governor of Leo, I will have to work with your aunt and the other leaders of Virgo."  He slowly reached over the blanket and held her hand.  "I will require your friendship for the sake of my sanity and I will require your counsel for the sake of Leo."
"I will give you both."
He nodded and slid from his pillow and flat onto the bed.  She did the same.  He kept holding her hand and he finally placed her palm against his chest.  She felt his heartbeat and, softly, he said, "Think not that I am without one."
Celchyth smiled and slid closer to him.  Some of her bare skin touched his and he flinched but then relaxed.  She closed her eyes and lay her head on his shoulder.  She smiled and would have fallen asleep had she not felt the trap that drew her in.  "I do not know how I might love you in the way you desire."
Kaeso smiled.  "I have someone you may speak to about such matters for she said words similar to those some years ago."
She rose from the bed and looked at him, "Who?"
"The chancellor.  Amee Sanson."
She thought and pictured the dark-headed woman in her mind.  "She seems so strict."
"She projects the image she desires well."
"And you were lovers?"  She shook her head and corrected herself, "She loved you?"
"Yes.  We have worked together for many years.  Before I became governor and before she became chancellor.  We know each other very well."  He reached toward her face with the back of his hand and drew the tops of his fingers across her cheek.  "I feel a great deal of love for her.  Of my own sort, you understand."
"Oh."  She lowered herself to the bed and his shoulder again.
"If you feel the need to speak to someone about the peculiarities of our relationship, I recommend that you speak with Amee.  She is a kind woman and would undoubtedly have good advice for you."
"Thank you."  Her eyes were wide and she looked across his broad chest and her fingers that seemed to absentmindedly play with his hair.  
"I had wanted to ask," he began, "is it tradition for the bride to not wear makeup at her wedding?"  Celchyth laughed and he continued, "I saw how your mother was attired and expected something of the same from you."
"I was supposed to be painted upon as well, but I refused."  She laughed again, "Mother said she was happy that this would be the last of my 'little rebellions' that she had to witness."
"Hm.  I believe you will fit in well here.  Leonans enjoy rebellion from time to time."

In the landing field outside Redon the next morning, Kaeso stood on a small knoll and looked toward the line of Virgan ships.  They were newer models though they all retained the same long, rectangular shape.  There were some exposed vents and engines, short wings on either side, piping and other devices.  He turned to the left and saw the line of some ten Leonan vessels.  The same, but older.  Dirtier.
"Governor Caesar."
He rolled his eyes and turned to the right.  The chancellor walked up the knoll and stood by his side.  "Need I state that I wish to be addressed as …"
"No, governor, you do not."  Sanson smiled and said, "You will permit me this one jest."
"One."  He looked behind the chancellor and saw that Celchyth was still speaking with her mother.  The duke stood near but seemed uninvolved.  "You will be interested to know that your name came up last night."
Amee's eyebrows raised.  "My name?  In your wedding bed?  Surely, that does not bode well for the union."
Jehan smirked.  "Calm yourself.  I suggested that Celchyth seek you out for advice on … dealing with me.  In that way."
"A matter which I know well.  Understood, your grace."  He frowned and looked at her again.  She saw his stare and she said, "You are the Duke of Argentan now.  The proper honorific is 'your grace.'"
"I would prefer that we retain the title that matters."
"Understood, governor."  The chancellor looked away from the Virgans and turned toward Kaeso, but not looking at him in the face.  She almost whispered, "We had no occasion to speak yesterday regarding the queen's decree."  Jehan's chest expanded as he felt anger surge in him anew.  He grunted.  "My thoughts also."
"It does make one think, does it not, Sanson?"  She tilted her head and waited for him to explain.  "A month free of taxation is no small deficit for Virgo.  How much does their purse bulge if they feel they can offer such a holiday without fear of default?"
"That is a good question, sir."
He met her gaze and they each gauged the level of the other's suspicion, as well as their desire to do something about it.  "Can you attempt to quantify that?"
"I will."  She removed a small paper from her pocket.  "There is also this."
"What is it?"  He read and saw immediately that it was another order from the queen, likely sealed the same day as the decree read during the wedding.  "An increase in the quotas?"
"Indeed."
Kaeso looked at Sanson and said, "Sufficiently wealthy to waive taxes for a month yet desperate enough for rare metals and ores that they would increase their production demands for the fourth time in two years?"
"Fifth, governor."
He shook his head and handed the paper back to the chancellor.  "You will see to it?"
"Of course."
The Virgans and his wife were walking up the hill toward them.  "We will discuss it further on my return."
She nodded and turned.  Seeing Celchyth, she bowed and said, "Your grace."
She smiled and then glanced at Jehan.  She seemed at ease and comforted to know the "secret" between this pair.  Celchyth walked toward Kaeso's outstretched arm and they in turn went to the open door of the ship.  When they neared it, they turned and faced her parents.
"We will be leaving during your holiday," Osburh said.  She made no attempt to touch her daughter.  "I wish you a safe journey and a productive marriage."
"Thank you, your highness," Kaeso said.  He and Celchyth bowed toward her.  When they righted themselves, they faced Burgred and Jehan said, "Thank you, your grace."  The couple then turned and entered the ship.  The hatch closed and an officer helped strap the both of them in.  Soon, they lifted off from Redon and bore west toward Lomere.  Kaeso looked at his wife and saw her beaming smile.  "You seem to be in good spirits."
Celchyth smiled at him.  "As much as I feared loneliness and sadness here in an unknown world, I did not anticipate the joy and relief that I would feel in knowing that I do not have to see my mother on any occasion any time soon."
Jehan laughed.  "I understand."  She took his hand and regaled him with stunning tales of Osburh's cruelty and neglect for the next hour.  Then, when the ship pitched forward, he pointed out the window.  "Welcome to Argentan."
Endless green plains were bisected by a wide river that stretched from one horizon to another.  A forested rocky outcropping stretched away north from one section of the water's edge.  From the rock were carved several buildings, including a castle and a temple, and surrounding them stood a wooden village, brightly painted and blended into the forest.
The couple left their ship and walked by the river.  The duchess marveled at the beauty of all she saw and she smiled.  She took her husband by the hand and excitedly led him through the streets and toward the castle.  Under its glistening façade, she turned and looked at the village again.  She squeezed Kaeso's hand and said, "I love it here."
Seeing her so happy moved him and he said, "Then we will stay here as long as you like and we will return whenever you wish."
XIX
GUNNOR
771 Years After Colonization

Gunnor stood at the edge of the landing field with Sanson as the royal contingent made their way to the ship.  He felt energized by their presence, though he had managed to have very few interactions with them during their stay.  Princess Osburh walked with Burgred and their attendants were lined up behind them.
"I would like a word with the forebishop."  She looked at her husband and then the chancellor.  "Alone."  The Duke of Nordfolk nodded and walked away.  Sanson glanced at Rolant before she, too, moved off with Burgred.
The forebishop puffed out his chest and smiled in anticipation.  He bowed his head and asked, "How might I be of service, your highness?"
She removed from her waistband a folded page.  "This is a transcription of orders I presented to the chancellor."  Gunnor unfolded and read over the paper.  "Discreetly see to it that both she and the governor carry out the queen's demands on these mining matters."
"Absolutely, your highness."  He folded the page and stored it in his pockets.  "If you will forgive me, why do you desire the aid of a forebishop?"
Osburh nearly rolled her eyes.  With exasperation, she said, "You are the head of the Council of Leo.  And, as a high priest, you are privy to the Apollo Study."
Gunnor's eyes widened a little and then returned to normal as he suppressed his shock at hearing that title aloud.  "I am sorry, your highness.  I do not know what you mean."
Now the princess really did roll her eyes.  "I speak with my sister frequently.  She has made me privy to the secrets of the Apollo Study and the Stones of Kobol."  The forebishop bowed his head quickly in reverence.  "She entrusted me with these orders to ensure that these subjects have the highest priority."
"I beg your forgiveness again, your highness."
"You were being cautious."
"Thank you, your highness."  He raised his head and smiled.  "I will see to it that these new quotas are met."
"And ensure that the governor does nothing to either directly or indirectly hurt the Study.  Or that he interferes with our activities in Canth."
"Absolutely, your highness."
"Very good."  Osburh looked away and said, "We thank you for your service, forebishop."
He bowed again and internally reveled in the use of "we."  She and the queen both thank me!
He stood straight again as the chancellor returned to his side.  The pair watched the royal retinue board their ship, wait a few minutes, and then lift off into the sky.
Sanson looked at Gunnor.  "May I ask what the princess spoke with you regarding?"
The forebishop smirked because he was tasked with something by the queen and princess … and Sanson didn't know about it.  "No, chancellor, I fear not.  Do not worry yourself.  It is a minor matter."
The chancellor raised a single eyebrow and walked away.  Rolant ambled along behind her back toward the Great Temple.  As he walked, he mentally compiled a list of contacts he had at the various mining sites and in the government's accounting offices.  He wanted as much detail on the metals and ores Leo mined as possible.
XX
KAESO
772 Years After Colonization

Jehan had been hunched over papers and parchment for hours on end.  He scribbled with his pen, occasionally dipping it in the well, and passed another signed document to the chancellor.  When she slid another page toward him, he groaned and sat upright.  "Would you prefer a respite?" Sanson asked.
He planted the meat of his palms against his eyes and rubbed.  "I would."
Her chair scraped on the stones and she walked to a nearby table where she lifted a glass and sipped from it.  "If you have need of a distraction …"
Kaeso faced her and said, "Certainly."
"Today is the ninth."
He looked away and thought.  "Yes?"
"Your six-month wedding anniversary."
"Ah."  He nodded before scrunching up his face and looking at her askance, "Is six months a common milestone to mark?"
Sanson shrugged.  "Not typically.  However, in the case of such an unusual union, perhaps every possible mark should be seized and treated joyously."
"You are right."  He stood and walked toward the side table and picked up his own glass.  "Thank you."
"Of course."  She looked up from her wine at him.  "What shall you do?"
He thought before a smile crossed his face.  "Perhaps we can go to Argentan.  She enjoyed our time there."
Amee smiled.  "Good."
"I wonder if I should ask if she wishes to go alone."
"Does she not want to spend time with you?"
"Our time together has been … sparse of late."  He sipped.  "Cold.  Recounting of detail but not feeling."
"Rote."
"Yes."
Sanson finished her glass and set it down.  "I suggest you go together and that you endeavor to be as warm as possible toward her."
"I will.  Has she spoken to you?"
"On these matters?"  She shook her head.  "No."
"Perhaps I will suggest it again."
Amee's face twisted and she said, "I would advise against it for now.  If you push her toward me, you are suggesting a problem that you both may address sufficiently on your own."
"Thank you."  Someone knocked on the door.  "Enter."
A messenger walked in with a scroll and looked from the governor to the chancellor.  "A sealed message from Virgo, your grace."
Kaeso pointed at Sanson.  "Give it to the chancellor."
He bowed, presented it, and then departed quickly.  Once the door was latched, Amee turned the scroll over until she saw the hard, blue wax seal.  "The queen."
Jehan set his glass down.  He folded his arms across his chest and said, "Open it."
She did.  She read silently for a moment and then said aloud, "'We hereby command the mines of Leo to produce henceforth no fewer than the following amounts of the listed metals, minerals, and ores …'"
"Another quota increase?"
Sanson nodded.  "More than the last."
Kaeso turned and walked back toward his desk.  "Is this not the ninth such increase in three years?"
"Eighth."
He sat in his chair and stared at her.  "What are the Virgo doing?"
The chancellor rolled the parchment again and placed it on the desk as she returned to her own chair.  "I know that they have ships in the Ouranos Belt, searching and bringing rocks back to Virgo.  I know that their southern lands are almost exclusively mining villages and that the north struggles to grow enough food to feed the whole world."
"A situation we are near to finding ourselves in, as well."
Amee nodded.  "We have shifted as many people as we are able to the mountains and mines.  Our own food production is at its limits.  Thus far, we have met their quotas, but that tradition will come to an end with this," she tapped the scroll and it wobbled back and forth.
Jehan leaned back in his chair and held his chin.  He thought and then said, "I ask again, what are the Virgo doing?"
Sanson thought.  "We have produced many tons of all the metals and ores they seek.  And still they require more."
They remained in silent thought for nearly a minute before the governor said, "Please search your archives as far back as you are able for any mentions of our metal production and reasons for increases."
"That will take time."
"I know and I am sorry."  He leaned onto the desk and said, "And please gather transcripts of orders from the Council of Leo.  Again, as far back as you are able."
"And there we find ourselves good fortune because Governor Leonard ordered a transcription and compiling of Council meetings and orders into volumes."
Kaeso smiled.  "Excellent."
"While I busy myself with the archives from the chancellor's office, may I impose upon you to begin reading the Council's volumes yourself?"  Jehan frowned.  "Perhaps during your flight to Argentan or on an evening when you are not performing your husbandly duties?"
He sighed.  "I will."

"Good afternoon, my wife."
Celchyth looked up from her book and saw the governor enter the residence's sitting room.  She stood and nodded toward him.  "Good afternoon, husband."
He made it a point to smile.  "And how are you today?"
"I am well."
Jehan studied her face, flat of expression, and said, "Forgive me, but I do not believe you."
She seemed wounded and she turned away.  "I say that I am well."
"If you wish."  He clasped his hands behind his back.  "I have noted today's date."
Celchyth faced him again.  "I have not."
"Oh.  It is our six-month wedding anniversary."  He smiled to punctuate this, but she only seemed wounded.  He stepped closer to her and took her hand.  "I had thought you might enjoy a special dinner together.  In Lomere."
Her eyebrows raised.  "We would go there tonight?"
"If you desire it, we would leave now."
She grinned for a brief moment and looked away.  "I thank you for the thought, but I do not believe I would like it."
A long silence followed.  Finally, he said, "I have ever only desired your happiness, and when last I saw you so, we were in Argentan, after our wedding."
Celchyth nodded.  "I was happy there.  It is beautiful and I enjoyed our time together.  I have been happy since and we have come to know each other better through conversation and time spent … yet I feel a kind of futility in it."
Now it was Kaeso who seemed wounded.  He released her hand and took a step backward.  "I had hoped we were becoming friends."
"I know.  There is a pain in false hope."
Jehan saw the hurt in her eyes and the wrinkles in her brow.  How must I have tortured her daily with my smiles and kindness, drawing her closer to me, only to hold her at bay from the closest.  "If you desire it, you may go to Lomere on your own and stay as long as you wish."
She considered this for a moment and then nodded.  "I would."
He bowed to her slightly and said, "Go with my blessing."

Kaeso sat in his study in the flickering light of several candles.  The window in this room faced north and west.  He looked toward the west, toward Argentan, and thought of her.  
After a while of such dwelling, he opened the large volume of Council orders and decrees.  There was talk of taxations, quelling of rebellion, the establishment of mines, farming.  An hour later, he came to the arrival of the first Virgan governor, Lucas, and his taking of power.  Then more rebellion.  Nearing Joining Day, he thought.  
Finally, he came to an entry on a meeting where mining updates were discussed.  "Governor Lucas has brought orders from King Felix, LMHR, regarding the finding of soft-silver in calaminium ore and its identification as cadmium, a prioritized element.  HRH has decreed that no less than one kilogram of cadmium be processed per one ton of calaminium produced.  Priest Kaeso has noted an objection to such strict orders as the quantity of the cadmium cannot be known at this time.  G. Lucas rebuked him, saying cadmium was prioritized and that was all that mattered.  P. Kaeso objected again, saying the texts speak of other metals and minerals which are more easily found than cadmium and mining efforts may be better spent there.  G. Lucas ended the debate and the decrees were sent to the following villages …"
Jehan looked away from the book and toward the window again.  "Texts" that speak of other metals?  What does this mean?  He thought for a time and had no answer, but he sensed that it was important.  Kaeso looked at the book and his eyes landed on his own name.  He smiled and said, "Thank you, grandfather."
XXI
CELCHYTH
772 Years After Colonization

The duchess' chambers were large and well appointed.  A long window took up much of the wall and the view faced the ocean.  There, a table was set for her dining and a lounge chair for reading and relaxing.  A false wall bisected the room and at the far end, a canopy bed stood, swathed in colored fabrics, as well as two clothing hutches.
It was after the midday's meal and Celchyth sat alone with a cup of cooling tea.  She looked toward the window and watched a bird fly across the view. 
"Your grace?"
She looked at the door and saw Sanson standing there.  "Come in, chancellor."  The woman did so and stood rigidly by the table.  "I would like for you to sit with me and speak with me."
Amee seemed to understand and she pointed at the entrance, "Shall I close the door?"
"Please."  After she did so, the chancellor sat and Celchyth lifted the teapot.  "Would you care for some?"
Sanson grinned and said, "Thank you.  Yes."
"I fear it may not be as warm as before, but it should be satisfactory."  She poured.
"Thank you, your grace."
Celchyth gripped her gloved fingers together and wrenched them in her lap.  While the chancellor sipped, she nervously looked up and said, "I would like to speak with you about a personal matter."
"I see."
The duchess looked away again.  "I am uneasy with such discussions but I do not know what else to do."
"Then let us speak as friends," Sanson said.  She smiled with understanding and Celchyth breathed easier.
"I have spoken with my husband and he says that you, some time ago, pursued him."
"I did.  I thought I understood my prey because he was a man, yet I found that I did not understand him at all."
The duchess felt shock at hearing her own thoughts said to her.  "How … He says that he loves you, in his way."
"And I him."
"In that same way?"
"I do."
Celchyth's shoulders drooped and she asked with exasperation, "How?"
"It took time."  The chancellor saw the young woman's pained expression and Sanson continued, "At first, I fooled myself into believing that I could not have him because he belonged to another woman.  And this worked.  Our relationship grew and I came to love him as a brother and friend."
"Can I fool myself so?"  The duchess looked out the window.  "He belongs to me and yet …"  
After a moment of silence, Amee said, "I had the luxury of choice.  I chose my work with the Council of Leo.  I chose to befriend the aide to the governor.  I chose to pursue him as a lover and then to keep him as a friend when I failed."  The younger woman was still staring out the window.  "In your situation, Celchyth," the duchess turned to face Sanson, "you do not have the same ability to choose as I did.  For that, I am sorry."
"I am wed to the governor of Leo and have been commanded to produce heirs to the governorship, and also princes and princesses for Virgo.  I am affixed in a difficult place."
"You are and you are likely to be in such a place for the rest of your days.  It need not be wholly unpleasant, however.  Have you not found Jehan to be a kind man?"
"He is exceedingly kind."  She nodded and then winced.  "Confusingly so."
Amee laughed loudly and this surprised Celchyth.  "Yes.  I recall being similarly confused by him."
"Why is he so confounding?"  Sanson began to speak but the duchess continued, "He brings me flowers and gifts.  He will hold my hand and embrace me.  I have my own chambers but we have," she demurred for a moment, embarrassed at what she was about to say.
The chancellor's eyebrows raised.  "You have what?  Please, do not stay your tongue now."
Celchyth chuckled and blushed.  She rested her cheek on her hand.  "We have … shared a bed on several nights."
"Really?"  Amee nodded.  "Then you fared better in your pursuit than I in mine."
"Nothing transpired."  She quickly sipped her cool tea.  "The first few occasions were to maintain appearances so soon after the wedding."
"Of course."
"But there were many other times when we would speak late into the night."  Her eyes unfocused from Sanson and she drifted in remembrance.  "I would be in his chamber or he in mine and we were so very tired and yet not wishing to stop the conversation.  We went to bed and lie there together, speaking until we fell asleep.  Sometimes embraced and sometimes not."  Her throat closed again and her eyes welled with tears.  "Terribly confusing."
Amee felt great sympathy for the duchess and she reached across the table and held her arm.  "I came to a realization some years ago that I believe may help you."
With a cloth napkin, Celchyth dabbed at her eyes.  "Please."
"This was after I realized the futility of my pursuit.  We were friends and we often spent nights speaking of our work or of books or other matters.  At the end of one such evening, he embraced me and kissed my hand as he departed.  I felt warmth and joy at it but I was perplexed.  I lay awake all the night and considered what it meant.  Near the rising of the sun, after I had stowed my reawakened fantasies," the duchess chuckled, "I understood.  Jehan Kaeso does not desire intimacy and that is unusual for a man, but he is still a man.  He is a human and humans have need for companionship.  Companionship and intimacy are not the same."
Celchyth thought about this for a moment and her mouth slowly parted.  She blinked and said, "That reminds me of our wedding night.  I was," she glanced at Amee and then down again, "naked, after having failed to seduce him, and we lie in bed together.  He took my hand and placed it upon his breast.  After I felt the beating of his heart, he said, 'Think not that I am without one.'"  Her eyes welled again.  "I thought that it was terribly romantic and I was confused anew, yet now I see his intent."
"That is a lovely memory."  Sanson drank more of her tea.  
"It was intimate.  Perhaps in a way that he did not intend, but it was."
"Have you both spoken of intimacy?"
The duchess nodded.  "On our wedding night.  I threatened to take a lover."
Sanson flicked her eyebrows and asked, "How did he respond?"
"He welcomed it."  Celchyth looked away and remembered.  "I think it was that moment moreso than his lack of interest in my nakedness that confirmed to me how different he was."
"And have you?"
"What?"
"Taken a lover."
The duchess blushed and lifted her cup of tea.  "I have not.  I fear … retribution."
"If Jehan Kaeso says a thing, he stands by it.  Never think otherwise."
She nodded.  "Perhaps more than retribution, I feel an obligation to him.  An obligation to our marriage and traditional means of faithfulness."
"That is honorable."  Amee set her cup back on its saucer.  "Yet, you are a woman who, unlike your husband, desires intimacy.  He has said he welcomes your taking a lover.  That is your duke and husband giving you permission, if that aids in your thinking and morality."
"It may."
"How have you found him after your return from Argentan last month?"
She considered it and said, "Distant.  Some of it has been my doing, certainly.  I was wary of being further hurt and confused."
"I asked because he spoke with me after your departure.  He regretted it and said he feared that he had driven you away."
"Driven?" Celchyth said loudly.
"With his 'smiles and kindness,' he said."
The duchess nodded.  "I may have given him that impression."  She inhaled sharply and straightened.  "I will right it."  When she stood from the table, Amee did, too.  "Thank you, chancellor."
"Of course, your grace."
"May I call on you again?"
Sanson smiled and bowed.  "At any time."

"Good evening."
Kaeso seemed surprised by her light mood.  He closed the door and answered, "Good evening to you.  How do you fare?"
"Well."  Celchyth stood and walked to his side.  She took his arm and led him to the table by the large window.  "Have you eaten dinner?"
"I ate a little."
"Would you care for some dessert?"
Jehan looked at the plate of small cakes and the decanter of wine.  He smiled and said, "I may.  Thank you."  He sat and looked at the duchess' smile.  His eyes narrowed.  "What has happened?"
After she sat, Celchyth said, "Whatever do you mean?"
He studied her for a moment and then simply nodded.  "What manner of cakes are these?"
"Cinnamon and sugar."  He pulled a smaller plate toward himself and lightly placed one on it.  "I invited you to my chambers so we might speak together, as we used to."
His expression relaxed.  "That pleases me."
"I have missed those talks."
"As have I."  He lifted the cake and bit from it.  He nodded and swallowed as he poured himself some wine.  "Very good."
"I am glad."  
Once his mouth was free from the cake, Jehan said, "I am pleased that you summoned me."
"Oh?"
"I have some questions related to my work that you may be able to aid."
She nodded and said, "I see."
He smirked, "Think not that I am only pleased to talk of my work.  I am pleased to speak with you, as well."
Celchyth smiled.  "I know.  You told me long ago that there would be occasions on which you needed my counsel on matters related to my family and my home.  If I can provide any, I will."
"Thank you."  He sipped his wine again and she sipped hers.  "Are you aware of the demands placed upon Leo for the harvesting of various metals, minerals, and ores from the ground?"
"I know that Virgo relies upon Leo for some of these metals, yes."
"Do you know how these resources are employed?"
She thought and shrugged.  "I have not heard explicitly.  I believe they were needed for our spacecraft.  Such vessels require specific materials to build, as I understand it."
"They do, but the quantities of resources that we are exporting to Virgo are more than enough to build a fleet of such vessels, nor do they all require the same resources that we send."
"I am sorry, but I do not know more."  She grinned and said, "Mining production has never been one of my interests."
"I understand."  He smiled, too.  "On another matter, have you heard in the castle or elsewhere people speaking of 'texts' or 'sacred texts?'"
"The Sacred Scrolls?"
"I do not believe so."
Celchyth thought again.  "I am sorry.  I have not."
"What of a 'Stone of Kobol?'  Is that familiar in any way?"
She shook her head.  "No."  She saw that Jehan seemed disappointed by her answers.  "I am sorry that I could not help."
"It's quite alright."
"I would help if I could."
Kaeso smiled.  "I know."
"Perhaps if you gave me more information, it may free some memory."
The governor considered this for a moment and then leaned onto the table.  "I will speak frankly and I apologize if this offends you in any way."
Now she was concerned.  "Please."
"For many years, Virgo has steadily increased their demands on our mining production.  In recent years, these quotas have nearly trebled.  I fear that our operations, our workers, our equipment are all close to the brink of failure from being overworked.  Our food production is near being unable to provide because too many people and resources are diverted to the mines."
Celchyth was stunned.  "I had no idea."
"The chancellor and I have searched our archives to find a reason for the increases and why Virgo desires so many resources.  We found references to their spacecraft, as you said, but we also found references to something we do not understand."
"These 'texts' and a 'Stone of Kobol.'"
"Yes.  From their context, we have found that these 'texts' are a guide of some sort for the Virgan monarchy.  They have directed the kings and queens in such a manner toward some unknown goal that has led to the exploiting of Leo and our people."  Celchyth jerked back and put her hand on her chest.  Kaeso bowed toward her and said, "I am sorry.  I fear I have placed you in a difficult place."
"No."  She shook her head and exhaled loudly.  "It was a reflexive action, though if things are as ill as you say, then Virgo has exploited Leo."  She leaned forward and began to whisper, "Remember I spoke of my older sister, Ryeleah?"
"Married to the Duke of Cent."
"Yes.  Cent is in the south and governs a wide portion of the mining communities on Virgo."  She licked her lips and spoke quickly, eagerly.  "There were many work stoppages over the years and uprisings.  Soldiers were sent in and there were battles.  And the duke," she even looked around, as if someone else might be watching, "the duke was rumored to have been behind it all, saying that the demands on his people were too great."
Kaeso leaned forward, too, completely fascinated.  "This sounds familiar."
"The queen threatened him to maintain production and then, to seal her authority over him," her eagerness faded and she straightened, "Ryeleah had to marry him."
Jehan nodded and knocked the table.  "This shows a sense of desperation about the Virgan monarchy, but still no cause for it."
Celchyth lifted her wine glass and held it under chin.  "Yes."  Her voice was soft.
"I am sorry if this discussion wounds you."
"Not at all.  I've only now realized that I was used in the same way as Ryeleah.  I was married to you to seal the arrangement with Leo before things go poorly as they did in Cent."  She drank her wine and said, "Thus has my family bartered me away."
"I am aggrieved for you, but glad you are here."  He extended his hand, palm up.  With a wan smile, Celchyth reached toward it and placed her hand in his.
XXII
GUNNOR
772 Years After Colonization

The forebishop walked alongside the large containers and marked numbers off in his ledger.  He moved from one bin to the next and again tried to peer inside.  He wasn't tall enough to see over the lip.  The noise of the ore cracking facilities over the ridge concealed the footsteps behind him.
"Good morning, forebishop."
Startled, Gunnor turned and saw the governor.  "Ah."  He smiled and breathed deeply.  "Good morning to you."  Then he became confused.  "Why are you in Tarbel?"
Kaeso nodded and looked at the containers.  "The same as you, I believe.  Looking after our mining production."  He stood on his tiptoes and managed a glance inside a large bin.  "Seeing if we will meet our quotas."
The forebishop felt uneasy.  "I see.  Yes, as part of my duties on the Council, I was ensuring that our output would meet Virgo's expectations."
"And will it?"
He glanced at his ledger.  "It will be near, but I believe so."
Jehan stared at the older man.  "Too near, for my tastes."
"I have seen the reports and complaints.  It is the will of her majesty, after all."
The governor continued to stare.  Finally, he asked, "Why are you here?"
"As I said."  Rolant looked around himself and saw no one in this alley of containers.  "My duties as forebishop of the Council of Leo."
"You were not tasked with this by the princess?"  When Gunnor blinked in surprise, Kaeso continued, "I know you have traveled to Bituriges, Canth, Petrocor, and other towns in recent months.  The months that followed the wedding and the royal visit."
Nervously, the forebishop laughed and turned away.  He looked into his ledger, hoping he might see some scratch he could turn into a diversion.  "And what of my visits before the wedding?"  It was a lie.  He was sure that the governor knew it to be, as well.
"I do not care.  Nor do I care about your visits now."  He walked quickly to get to the forebishop's front.  When he looked into Kaeso's face, he saw a stern expression.  "I care for Leo and her people.  I care for our wellbeing."
"As do I."
Jehan nodded.  "Good.  Then are you not concerned by the conditions placed upon us by Virgo?"
Again, Gunnor laughed, but it faded fast.  "Her majesty has her reasons for these quotas and conditions, as much as they may seem to pain us, it is to the benefit of all that we fulfill her majesty's wishes."
"Though Leo suffers?"
"A temporary suffering, I am certain."
The governor was still again.  He ticked his head to one side and said, "'Her majesty's reasons for these quotas,' you said.  Tell me about them."
"I am certain that I do not know.  I have been commanded and I obey."
"You do not know?"
"No."
"You do not know of the 'sacred texts' or the 'Stone of Kobol?'"
Gunnor took a step back and his mouth hung open.  "These … these are not things to be discussed openly."  He lowered his head and looked around.  Finally, he glared at Kaeso and frowned.  "How do you know of these things?  You are not a priest.  The law does not …"
"I know of these things.  And more."  The forebishop scoffed and when he tried to turn away, the governor said, "I know of the Apollo Study."
Now Rolant fell against a container as though stricken.  Fear coursed through him and he began shaking his head.  "No.  You must not speak of such things!  Ever!"  He pulled himself off the side and stalked toward Jehan, wagging his finger.  "These are things to be spoken of between the priesthood and royal family!  Only!"
The governor matched the forebishop's volume, "Though they pain our people?  Though they would strip Leo bare?"
"It is the will of the queen!  And, therefore, the will of the Pantheon!"
Kaeso narrowed his eyes and said, "You have placed a greater burden upon the royal house than even they would claim, I wager."
Gunnor shook his head.  "Queen Æthelswith and all her line back to King Tullus have claimed the rite of pontifex maxmius, the highest priest, and sworn by the Mantle of Gideon, the last messenger of the Lords of Kobol.  Her majesty's will is that of the gods!"
The governor was still and he looked at the forebishop from under a furrowed brow.  After a long pause, he said, "You are Leonan by line, in all ways."  Rolant nodded.  "And this is your measure?"
Proudly, the forebishop raised his chin.  His voice was clear and did not waiver.  "I awaken each day and swear loyalty unto Jupiter, the Pantheon, and her royal majesty."
Kaeso sighed and said, "Very well."  He turned and walked away.
In his absence, Gunnor's mind raced and he sat on a small ledge attached to one of the metal containers.  How shall I manage such sedition?  
XXIII
CELCHYTH
772 Years After Colonization

She wore her most plain brown gown and flitted about the corridors with her head held low.  When she stopped, she nearly blended into the stone walls so priests and others moved around her, seemingly giving her no notice.
Celchyth came to the scrivener's study and peered around the frame of the door.  She saw several scribes at work, but she didn't see the young priest.  Finally, he walked into view as he looked over a woman's shoulder.  She smiled and stood in the open a bit more.  When he straightened he turned and saw her.
Aymon was about thirty, a few years younger than her husband but still older than she.  He was blond and tall.  She might admit that her husband was more handsome, but Aymon had proven up to the task.  
He smiled and gave her a nod.  She backed away from the door and rested against the wall.  Moments later, the priest left the study and looked both ways in the corridor.  Seeing no one, he pulled her into his arms and kissed her.  She melted into him and returned the gesture fully.  Then, hearing a loud conversation, they stopped and withdrew.  Celchyth lowered her head and Aymon held his chin in his fingers as if in thought.
When the other priests passed by, Aymon spoke softly, "Shall we retreat to the same library as last time?"
The duchess smiled and looked into his eyes.  "A new library, if you please."
He chuckled.  "The Great Temple only has so many."
"And we have yet to conquer them all."
His chest swelled and, after a quick glance to the side, he kissed her briefly and walked away.  With Celchyth on his heels, he said, "Why do you prefer our libraries?"
"I have ever loved the smell of books.  Old and well-read.  It brings to mind pleasant thoughts."  A true statement.
Aymon nodded.  "Fortunately for us, there are many old and well-read books in these halls, and many different rooms that hold them."  He stopped at one door and pointed.  "This?"
"We have."
Aymon kept walking and then descended a dark staircase.  When they reached the bottom, they were now underground and no one was within sight.  Celchyth stepped from the stairs and Aymon took her and pressed her against the wall.  He bit into her neck and ran his hand down her side toward her waist.  Her eyes fluttered and she felt an aching for him, but she pushed him away.
"A room, Aymon."
Panting, he stepped back and chuckled.  "Forgive me.  I am hungry for you."
"And I for you."  She looked at the nearest door.  "We have been there."
He turned and said, "Yes.  And two others in this hall.  There is a third, though."
She extended her hand and he clasped it.  "Take me."
The priest lifted a torch from the wall and led the way around the curve of the corridor, past a few closed doors and branching halls.  Finally, they arrived at an open door.  "Is this familiar?"
"No."  Smiling, Celchyth took her own torch from the wall and stepped inside.  Full shelves lined all the sides and there were chests at the center of the room.  Books were visible in some of the open chests while others remained closed.  She took an exaggerated deep breath through her nose and said, "Smell it?"
"I do."  After he placed his torch in a wall holder, he came behind her and wrapped his arms about her waist.  As he kissed her neck, he said, "I smell it every day."
"When you do, do you think of me?"
He chuckled and said, "I have, in fact.  Often."
"Mm."  She turned and kissed him passionately.  "How ever do you finish your work?"
"I pray that you will visit and that has usually helped, especially when Venus has seen fit to grant my wish."
Celchyth laughed and walked around the room.  Aymon pushed the door closed as she pulled the spine of a few books from the shelves.  Ledgers of temple finances.  Records of priests.  Ledgers of finance for Leo itself.  Records of meetings.  At the middle of the far wall, she placed her own torch in a holder and continued.  When she had finished her search of the wall shelves, she turned toward the chests at the center of the room.  As she did, she saw that Aymon had already removed his outer shirt and the trappings of his priestly office.  She grinned at him and began playfully, slowly, untying the binds on her gown and bodice.
Her fingers danced over the dusty spines in the open chests.  She recognized the royal seal of Virgo on some of them.  These were histories from her homeworld, accounting records, and more.  The leather bodice came free and she tossed it.  Celchyth took in a deep breath and glanced over the stacked chests toward Aymon.  He was now nude and watching her, fully aroused.  She smiled and knelt behind the chests.  
She swiped her hand through a layer of dust and she was surprised to see gold beneath it.  She swiped again and revealed a dark wooden chest with a kind of inlaid golden wheel.  She reached around the box and found a handle.  When she pulled, the top raised up, revealing dozens of books.  Her eyes widened and in the flickering torchlight, she saw some sort of dust in the bottom of the chest.  She reached inside and found what looked like smoky pebbles of glass in different colors, though it was not glass.  She let it fall from her hands and she lifted one of the older books.  The cover had writing in Olympian, which she could not read, but this still excited her.  She reached toward the row of somewhat newer books and lifted the first.  Its title was printed in High Virgan and read, "Stone of Kobol: Volume One."
She whispered, "This is it."
"What?"  Celchyth remembered Aymon and she reestablished her playful smile.  She stood up from behind the chests and saw him stroking himself as he waited for her.  "Are you not yet undressed?"
"Fear not, young priest."  She stepped around the chests and moved toward him with a swagger in her hips.  As she stepped, she pulled her gown over her head and then pressed her breasts against him.  Their lips met with a crash and she gripped his manhood firmly.

"Enter."
Celchyth walked into her husband's chambers with a smile.  She pushed the door open wide and called into the corridor.  "Come in."  Two large temple guards carried a chest and placed it an open area of the room.  Kaeso stood and walked toward it.  He stared at the dusty box, confused.  "That will be all, and speak of this to no one."  
"Yes, your grace."  The guards nodded toward them both and left.
Jehan knelt by the chest and ran his hands along the dark wood.  Then he saw the golden wheel.  "What is this?"
"A gift, my husband."  He looked into her eyes and saw them glimmer in a way that was bested only by her smile.
He carefully opened the top and slowly examined the edges of the books before he raised one.  When he did, he gasped and stood immediately.  With wide eyes he stared at Celchyth and asked, "How did you come by this?"
She walked toward him and put her hands on his shoulders.  "With the gift you gave me."  She reached up and kissed his cheek.  "Freedom."  Kaeso was confused so she continued, softly, "With discretion."
It took another moment, but he understood, though he seemed as flummoxed by this as by the gift itself.  He embraced her tightly and kissed the side of her head.  "Thank you."
"You are welcome."  When she withdrew, she looked at the chest and said, "I will speak with you at another time.  Enjoy your reading."
XXIV
KAESO
772 Years After Colonization

"What is it?"
The governor's reverie was broken and he looked across the table at the chancellor.  "Hm?"
"You were staring off in thought.  Again."
Jehan placed the spine of the old book against the edge of the table.  "Perhaps I am tired."  Sanson nodded and returned her eyes to the volume she had been reading.  Why can I not shake my mind of thoughts regarding my wife?  I gave her permission, and I meant it, yet I feel … wounded.
"What are you reading about now?" Amee asked.
He pushed the book onto the table and leaned back in his chair.  "More on electrical magnetism.  Metals for it.  The construction of 'batteries.'  Cadmium being one such."
"That would explain some things."
"Indeed."  He rubbed his eyes and stood.  "How long have we been here?"
Sanson looked toward a clock.  "Nine hours."
"Four days of this has worn upon me."  He stretched his arms and yawned, "My body has done little and yet I yearn for the comfort of bed."
"It is my mind that aches me."  The chancellor repositioned herself in her chair and shook her head.  "Does light have a speed?"  Kaeso looked toward her.  "Light simply … is, and yet this discusses its speed and a means to travel beyond it."
The governor thought and then said, "I see why your mind aches."  
"It lists metals and alloys to be used in the making of coils and then the construction of a 'spin-synchronization generator.'"  She extended one hand away from herself, jokingly pleading for aid.
"And this would allow speeds beyond that of light?"
"That is what this reads, yes."
The governor sat on the side of a large chair near his desk.  His brow furrowed and he ran through a list of metals, minerals, and ores in his head.  "The materials it lists for such a thing … are they what we produce?"
Amee dragged her finger along the page and nodded.  "Many are.  Yes."
"Yet no mention of Apollo?"
"No."  
"And none of Lucas' writings alongside?"
"Not that I have seen."  Kaeso stood again and Sanson said, "Perhaps 'Apollo Study' was a name given by the Virgan royalty to one of these sciences and not a name within these texts."
"I believe you are correct.  Yet which one?"
Now the chancellor pushed her book away and rubbed her eyes. "Apollo is the god of medicine.  We have seen some medicine texts but there may be others."  The governor nodded.  "Music, poetry, …"
Kaseo laughed.  "I do not believe that Virgo would work our people to their graves for tons of metals in the hopes of constructing a … holy lute or trumpet."
"Given what we have seen, why should there not have been such a thing on Kobol?"  Jehan smiled.  "They lived among the gods and I fear that the gods alone may be able to decipher this."
"No, not the gods alone.  These texts may be lacking instructions we may understand, yet Virgans have deciphered it to a point.  They came to Leo with their ships.  We have seen a volume on this."
"True."
He walked to the table and sat beside her.  He braced his jaw on his hand and looked at the book she had been reading.  There were simple drawings and what appeared to be arithmetic.  Lists of materials and discussions of energy.  At the top of the page, it read, "Faster Than Light."
"Apollo," Kaeso said.  He looked into her face and they both said, "God of light."
"This is the Study," she looked at the equations with a new reverence.  She flipped forward a couple of pages, stopping when she saw the familiar writing of Governor Lucas' pen in the margins.  She began to read the annotation aloud, "'The final goal of our Founders and our majesties to bring all the colonies under the crown, should the Lords of Kobol will it.'"
"I am wondering how successful the Virgans have been.  How well have we fueled them?"
The chancellor said, "I believe they have not been successful.  They still require two months to travel from there to here."
"Yes."
"And were that the case, you would already be in the stockade," she smiled.
Kaeso warily looked at her and said, "I wish you would not jest about such things."
"It has been three months since you spoke with Gunnor at Tarbel.  You have not been arrested and he has said nothing to you outside of a Council meeting."
"True," the governor said, "yet, were I him, I would behave in the same manner.  I would have sent a message on the next ship to Virgo and then bided my time."
"Which means you have about a month before a ship carrying the queen's response would land."
"Yes."
"You worry yourself overmuch.  You revealed that you have knowledge of sealed priestly matters."  She gestured toward the chest, "Matters which were transcribed by a governor, like yourself."  
"Lucas was also a priest.  I am not."
"Hm.  It is a distinction but, should there be an inquest, I would mention it, were I you."
"I will keep it in mind."  He lowered his head and leaned forward again.  "I also may have said something to him on the way of Virgo's exploitation of Leo."
The chancellor's eyebrows raised.  "You said nothing of this before."
"I know.  I had intended to only speak to the forebishop of the 'Stone of Kobol,' yet his attitude toward Virgo's treatment of Leo angered me."
Sanson stood from her seat and flattened the front of her black shirt.  "What are your orders, governor?"
"When was the last shipment of resources to Virgo?"
"Two weeks past.  Another is scheduled for next week."
"Send no more.  And take all containers of resources to other areas."  She seemed confused.  "Hide them.  Then, I am ordering a week-long holiday for these mining communities."
The chancellor sighed and said, "As you wish, governor."
"If the queen is coming," he stood and stretched again, "then I will ensure that there is a plenty to speak about."
XXV
GUNNOR
772 Years After Colonization

The forebishop had written many draft decrees before but never without the knowledge or aid of the governor.  In this case, he was drafting a document demanding an explanation as to why Leo would be failing to meet its resource quotas for the first time in history.  Gunnor, though, knew the answer.
His crimes run deeper than I realized.
He had dipped his pen in a well when there was a knock at the door.  He scratched words on paper and said, "Enter."
The governor walked inside and the forebishop's heart stopped.  He put the pen in its holder and picked the draft up from his desk.  He turned in his chair to find an open space in which to stow it and he finally decided on the top of the low bookshelf behind him.
"May we speak?"
Rolant nodded and returned to face him.  "Yes."  He clasped his hands together and braced them on the edge of his desk.
Kaeso was wearing his usual black and purple shirt with silver buttons at an angle across the front.  He sat in the chair opposite the forebishop and crossed his legs.  "We have not spoken in four months."
"Is that so?"
"Yes."  The governor was still and studied Gunnor.  He knew this and tried to remain stolid, but he was sure that he failed.  "I know you sent a message of some sort to Virgo regarding that conversation."
He stopped breathing.  It is a guess.  "Why would you think that?"
Jehan smiled.  "I know you, forebishop, and I saw your reaction when I said words like 'Stone of Kobol' and 'Apollo Study.'"  As if on cue, Rolant again became flustered and looked away nervously.  "See?"
"Perhaps I sent a message to Virgo.  What of it?"
"It is a matter of timing now.  The response, whatever it is, will likely arrive in the next week or so.  What do you believe will happen?"
The forebishop sighed.  "I do not know.  Truly."
"You made no recommendation?"
"No."
The governor shifted in the seat and said, "I have given it a great deal of thought.  I believe I may be publicly rebuked, perhaps fined or jailed.  If the monarchy seeks to maintain good relations with us, which I believe they will, they may rebuke me privately or request my resignation as governor."
"Do you not think the queen will retract her will and deny you the governorship outright?"
"It is possible."
Gunnor smiled and said, "I fear you have brought this upon yourself, governor.  Had you not investigated into such priestly matters, bound by law and decree, you would not find yourself in such a situation."
"You speak true," Kaeso said, "yet were the Virgans less severe in their treatment of Leo, I would not have investigated at the first."
The forebishop shook his head.  "Be wary of your words, governor."
"Or you will dispatch another missive to your masters on Virgo?"  Jehan stood and his voice betrayed his anger.  "For one hundred fifty years, the Virgans have withheld knowledge from Leo that would have spared thousands of lives.  Medicines, means of agriculture, safety devices, an understanding of poisons and the like, …"
Rolant's mouth fell open.  "You … have read …"
"Yes.  I have read the texts from the Stone of Kobol."
The forebishop gasped and reeled.  After a moment, he stood and pointed at the governor.  "You have violated the will of the Pantheon!  You have violated the will of the queen!"
Kaeso nodded.  "If the queen's will is that Leo and its people be kept servile to her, then yes.  I would violate her will with every breath so that my people may live."
Gunnor's face contorted.  "How can you say such things about her royal majesty?"
"Because I have seen what 'her royal majesty' has wrought on our people.  Because I know what she has kept from our knowledge …"
"Her royal majesty is the supreme authority on these worlds!  The authority on faith, on science, on morality, …"
"If this be so," Kaeso said, "then Leo needs its own 'royal majesty.'"
The forebishop quaked and then stilled.  He closed his gaped mouth and slowly walked to the door of his office.  When he opened it, he said, "Guards."  Two temple guards stepped inside with their ceremonial polearms and swords at their sides.  They were clad in the typical blue and gold of their rank.  Rolant looked at Jehan and saw the stern expression he bore.  "Arrest the governor."
The man and woman looked at each other and then the forebishop.  "Sir?"
"He is to be arrested on charges of sedition and violating priestly decree."
Now the guards looked at Kaeso.  The governor faced them with his hands behind his back and said, "Guards, I fear a great choice is upon you.  Shall you heed the words of this forebishop and detain the governor of Leo at the will of her majesty?"
"Do not dare claim her now!" Gunnor hissed.
Jehan ignored him.  "Do you wish to arrest your governor?"
"I do not wish it," the woman said, "yet our commanding body is the Council of Leo."
The forebishop straightened.  He stepped away from the door and said, "Arrest him!"
Kaeso looked at the two younger faces and nodded.  "Very well."  The guards parted and the governor walked between them and into the hall.  As the guards followed him, Gunnor stepped into the corridor, too, and watched him being escorted to a seldom-used cell.

The Virgan ship landed in the field outside Redon and the forebishop raced to its position.  Cases of documents and other items were carried out by messengers and the like.  Gunnor looked at everyone who disembarked, hoping to recognize someone or a badge of office.  He did see one person wearing a glossy blue and red jacket over a long-tailed shirt.  A silver chain hung about his neck and there was a symbol there, though the forebishop could not make it out.
"Greetings," he said.  "I am Forebishop Rolant Gunnor, head of the Council of Leo."
"Excellent," the young man said.  "I am Antepreceptor Hale Colton, sent at the bidding of her royal majesty and the preceptor in response to your letter."
Gunnor eagerly awaited more, but when nothing came, he asked, "Is there no message?"
Colton seemed confused.  "I was sent to evaluate your claims and report back to Virgo."
"Oh."  The forebishop was disappointed.  "Well, you should know that the governor was arrested a few days hence."  The antepreceptor's eyes widened.  "There will be a trial in two weeks' time."
"On what charges?"
"Violating priestly decree and sedition against the crown."  Colton's mouth fell open.  "Yes.  It was a shock to me, as well."
XXVI
CELCHYTH
772 Years After Colonization

The door opened and she saw series after series of thick iron bars.  No one was imprisoned here, save her husband.  She held her breath as the guard walked ahead of her and pointed to the cell at the end of the row.  When she saw him, he was sitting on a wooden stool, hunched over with his arms resting against his legs.  Celchyth forced herself to smile.
Kaeso looked up and, seeing her, jumped to his feet.  He held his hands behind his back and moved closer to the bars.  "Your image falls well on my eyes."
The guard placed a chair behind her and now the duchess faced him.  "You may go."
The temple guard looked from the woman to the governor and back again.  "Your grace, I …"
"I will speak to my husband alone.  Go.  If I have need of you, I will call."  The guard bowed and departed.  Celchyth faced him again and smiled.  "It is good to see you, as well."
Jehan smirked.  "I thought we had agreed upon honesty."
"Indeed."  Her smile diminished somewhat.  She reached through the bars and stroked the stubble on the side of his face.  "I do like the beard."
The governor smiled genuinely.  "Perhaps I will keep it."  Celchyth turned and pulled the chair closer to the cell and Kaeso did the same with his stool.  Once they sat, he asked, "How did you manage a visit?  They have denied my every request."
"I know.  I spoke with the Council, in full, and they granted my request."
"Did Gunnor vote against you?"
"He did."
Jehan sighed and said, "I have been told there will be a trial, but I know nothing of it."
"We do.  Amee is preparing your defense."  When she saw his confused expression, Celchyth added, "It was her prerogative as chancellor to become involved."
"I see.  What manner of defense is she preparing?"
"A sparse one, at present."  Kaeso nodded and seemed to weaken.  "What would you offer in the form of advice?"
He sighed and began, "I feel that if I am able to explain my defiance to sympathetic ears, they will support me.  I would require a jury of peers."
"And when you say 'explain,' do you mean the nature of the texts we found?"
"I do.  No Leonan with a sense of pride would be able to read what I have read and think that Virgo had our best interests in mind."
Celchyth nodded.  "These peers.  Who would they be?"  From a small pocket, she withdrew a tiny page and a wax-coated rod of graphite. 
"I would call upon the commander.  Alys Wace is a captain of Virgo's forces here, but she is from a long line of Leonans.  I have spoken to her before about certain matters.  She is … harsh but fair."
She scribbled.  "Would she not be loyal to the crown above all else?"
"Perhaps, but I think her sense of justice may win out if properly motivated."
"Who else?"
"With Amee acting as my advocate, I would call upon the governor's secretary, Victor Rogier.  He is well aware of our issues."  She wrote and looked at him again.  "Abel Tumas.  A merchant leader in Redon.  He complains of Leo's taxation and taking of our resources often.  He would know of other like-minded merchants to add to the jury."  He thought and looked away.  "I would say the mayors of the mining communities, like Tarbel and Petrocor, but they are far away …"
"Do not concern yourself with how they may get here," she said as she wrote.
"It is not simply that.  I am concerned with what manner of trial this will be.  Will it be an ecclesiastical trial or a trial of state?"
"The forebishop seems intent on his being in charge, so the former, I would wager."
"If that is the case, then my desire for a jury is for naught."  His shoulders sagged.  "I will have no receptive audience for my defense."
Celchyth had never seem him defeated and her heart ached for him.  She stood and moved closer to the bars.  Kaeso looked up at her and slowly stood, too.  She reached through the bars for his hand and raised it up, placing it on her chest.  After a few heartbeats, she said, "Remember this.  You have friends who love you.  So long as it beats, we will fight."
His lip quivered and he nodded.  He pressed the crown of his head against the bars and weakly said, "Thank you."
Celchyth kissed his hand and released it.  "I will see you soon."
Seeing him in such a way wounded her, and she turned quickly and stalked out of the detention area.  She maneuvered past the guards and up staircases.  She circled the corridors around the Great Temple and arrived in the governor's wing.  When she found the chancellor's door, she knocked once and entered without waiting for a response.
Sanson was sitting at her desk surrounded by books.  She looked at Celchyth wide-eyed expression and leapt up.  "What is it?"
As she spoke, her voice cracked, "I have seen my husband.  He is tired and his spirits are weakened."  She removed a cloth from her waist and readied it to dab at her eyes.
Amee sat again and looked at the mass of legal texts before her.  "I fear that my spirit is weakened, too.  What did he say about the trial?"
"He gave me names for peers to be placed on his jury."  She removed the small page and handed it over before sitting.  
Sanson read it and nodded.  "I see why he would choose them, yet this may be an ecclesiastical trial, governed by the Council of Leo and judged by them."
"Is there no means of having a jury in such a trial?"
"None that I know.  There may be some precedent in Virgan law that would allow it, yet …"
Celchyth narrowed her eyes and looked up.  "'Precedent.'  Meaning something that has happened before?"
"Yes.  If Virgans allowed a jury of peers in an ecclesiastical trial once, they would have to allow it again if the conditions are met."
Her gaze wandered and she suddenly stood from her seat.  "I know someone who may help."
"Who?"
"A priest and scribe.  He has knowledge of such records and, if he does not have them in mind, he could obtain them from the many libraries under the Temple."
"And he would help us?"
"If he does not already feel so obliged," Celchyth smirked, "I can convince him anew."
XXVII
KAESO
772 Years After Colonization

The temple guard led the shackled governor through a tight hall and then into the expanse of the Great Temple.  The room was twelve-sided and with a high ceiling that featured a dome depicting the Pantheon.  One section of benches had been removed and replaced with a platform and high table where the three forebishops of the Council of Leo now sat.  A table was placed beneath that one where a younger bishop waited, no doubt the inquisitor.  Another table was placed opposite the Council where Chancellor Sanson sat.  Kaeso nodded at her and she returned the gesture.  He also saw Celchyth seated behind her, smiling broadly.  He didn't understand her expression but it immediately made him feel better.
The central dais of the Temple remained in place, but the ceremonial column that had been there was removed.  Instead, there was a square frame with one side open.  The guards led him into it and closed the frame behind him.  He reached down and gripped the wooden bars of the dock and looked toward the Council.
Gunnor stood and spoke loudly, "All hear!  All hear!  All hear!"  The chattering of the crowd which filled the rest of the Temple immediately ceased.  Spectators leaned over the balconies and through corridor windows in the two levels above the Temple's floor.  "This ecclesiastical court is now called into session to judge the crimes leveled at the accused, Jehan Caesar."  The older man grinned, knowing that the use of his Virgan name would irk the governor.  "Inquisitor," Gunnor sat, "read the crimes."
The bishop stood and read from a parchment, "Jehan Caesar is held to have violated priestly decree and made himself aware of such texts as have been restricted to the ecclesiastical class."  He paused for effect but there was no reaction from the audience.  "Jehan Caesar is held to have spoken words of sedition against her royal highness," the bishop looked across the Temple as some gasped, "and spoken ill of the crown."
The forebishop faced Kaeso and said, "How pleads the accused?"
Jehan looked down at the chancellor.  She sat rigidly and confidently and gave the slightest shake of her head.  The governor faced the Council and said, "Not guilty."
There was murmuring in the Temple and Gunnor spoke over it, "Very well.  The Council will now hear exceptions from the accused."
Sanson stood and said, "A question for clarity's sake first, forebishop."
"Yes?"
"Is it your intent to weigh both charges in this ecclesiastical court and not to separate them so a trial of state may weigh the latter charge?"
"It is," the forebishop interlaced his fingers and leaned forward.  "There is precedent for the Council to hear both types of charges when those charges are brought simultaneously."
Kaeso looked at Amee but his attention was drawn to his wife.  The young woman was dressed demurely in a dark blue gown, but she had lowered her head and appeared to be concealing a smile.
"I will move on."  She shifted a book aside.  "Since you, Forebishop Gunnor, are the sole witness to these alleged events, the accused takes exception to your position as ruler of these proceedings."
More murmuring in the audience.  "The exception is denied."  One of the other Council members leaned toward him and Gunnor nodded.
"In an ecclesiastical trial," the other forebishop said, "if a member of the Council is witness to events in question, he may give testimony to them.  Such recusals are not required in these matters."
"Very well."  Sanson moved another book aside.  "The accused requests a verdict by a jury of peers."  The audience as a whole had no reaction but the Council and other bishops nearby erupted among themselves.
"No, no."  Gunnor smiled and leaned forward, "You cannot do that.  This is an ecclesiastical court.  I know the chancellor is more familiar with trials of state, however …"  
"Please, forebishop," Amee said as she raised a book from the table, "I have here the case of Prince Seneca, who was tried in an ecclesiastical court on charges of violating priestly decree as well as other state charges, simultaneously.  He was allowed a verdict by a jury of peers."
The audience began to chat and the Council spoke among themselves in loud whispers.  The inquisitor looked up at the high table for a long moment before he stood and walked across the Temple floor.  As he approached the chancellor, he asked, "May I?"  Sanson nodded and handed the book over.  The inquisitor laid it on the high table and the Council stopped their hushed arguing and began to read.  Then, Gunnor nodded vigorously.
"Prince Seneca was allowed a jury of his peers because of his royal title …"
"Yes, forebishop," Sanson interrupted.  As soon as she did, it seemed that Gunnor understood his mistake.  "And, if you will recall, Governor Kaeso was named the Duke of Argentan by the queen herself upon his marriage to the Duchess of Argentan, Celchyth."  Jehan looked into the audience as his wife nodded toward the Council.  She then looked at her husband and smiled.
He exhaled loudly and looked into the dome at the painted renditions of the gods.  For the first time in weeks, he felt hopeful.
"As you earlier expressed a desire to adhere to precedence," the chancellor said, "the Council should allow it."
"No," Gunnor said.  "No, I'm sorry, but this Seneca trial was an ecclesiastical proceeding on Virgo."
Sanson furrowed her brow and feigned confusion.  "Forgive me, Council, but are our legal structures not based upon Virgan law?  Are we not beholden to Virgan traditions and precedents?"
There was murmuring in the Temple and Kaeso saw the forebishop's face ashen.  He turned and looked into the crowd.  The governor followed his gaze and spied a young man he did not know, wearing blue and red, as well as some sort of silver badge of office around his neck.  He seemed displeased and glared back at Gunnor.
"Of course."  Gunnor nervously moved papers around and added, "Of course we are so beholden."  He swallowed hard and said with disappointment, "The exception is upheld.  We shall call for a respite and allow a jury …"
"No need, Council."  The chancellor scanned the audience.  "We are ready to call for a jury now."
Confused, the forebishop stared at Kaeso and his expression hardened.  "We require time to prepare a jury's bench."
Sanson stepped from behind her desk and went to the front row of spectators on her left.  "If these kind people would please stand, there will be vacant seats soon enough, once the jury comes forward."
Gunnor leaned back in his chair and grumbled, "As you wish."
"Commander Alys Wace."  A woman wearing silver mail and a blue coat stepped away from the far wall and stood in front of the now empty bench.  "Secretary of the Governor's Office Victor Rogier."  A man slightly older than Kaeso himself sidled his way through a full bench of spectators.  "Abel Tumas, merchant."  An even older man stood and moved toward the center of the Temple.  "Cecile Giffrei, merchant."  A middle-aged woman stood.  "Cas Tierri, mayor of Tarbel."  A heavy man entered through the doors at one wall.  "Niete Osmont, mayor of Arelate."  The woman entered behind Tierri.
The inquisitor looked up at the high table and Gunnor glared down at him.  After several long seconds, the forebishop hissed, "Exception!"
The young inquisitor faced the jury and said, "Exception!"
In the silence that followed, Sanson asked, "On what grounds?"
The bishop turned and faced Gunnor again who now abandoned any pretense and said, "These are not his peers."
"I would disagree, Council," Amee said.  "All of these people are leaders of one sort or another.  According to the law, a public official is allowed to call a jury of peers, so long as they are in some way equivalent to the accused and also not family or close acquaintance.  They meet these requirements."
"Victor Rogier," Gunnor said, pointing at him.  "He is the secretary and has worked closely with the accused for years."
The chancellor nodded and said, "Secretary, it is your duty to disseminate information from the governor's office and the council to each other and to other branches of government on Leo, correct?"
"Correct."
"And while you have worked with him for some time, would you consider him a friend?"
"I would not."  He looked at Kaeso and shrugged, "Pardon me, governor, but I've always found your demeanor off-putting."  Many in the Temple laughed while Jehan nodded.
Sanson returned to her table and watched as Gunnor fumed.  He stared at the mayors of those mining communities and Kaeso knew he wanted to object to their presence, but the forebishop wouldn't be able to say why.  "Council," the chancellor said, "is this jury empaneled?"
Gunnor leaned forward and said, "Does the inquisitor have any exceptions?"
The young bishop looked at the jury and then up again at Gunnor.  His face was still.  "No, Council."
Obviously disappointed in the young man, he grumbled, "Very well.  The jury is empaneled."  The group sat on the empty bench.
Kaeso closed his eyes and thought a quick prayer to Minerva.  He breathed deeply again.
"Inquisitor," Gunnor said, "you may begin your case."
The bishop stood and faced the high table, "We call Forebishop Rolant Gunnor."
He looked toward the dock and decided to stay seated where he may look down on the accused.  "If the Council allows, I shall give my testimony from here."  The other forebishops nodded.
One of the Council faced Gunnor and said, "In the presence of Jupiter and the Lords of Kobol, do you swear to speak only the truth?"
"I swear it."  The forebishop looked down at the inquisitor.
"Forebishop Gunnor, would you please describe what transpired on the day of Jehan Caesar's arrest?"
"I was in my office when the accused entered.  He proceeded to ask questions of me related to communications between myself and Virgo.  In his questioning, he impugned the motives and morality of the Virgan monarchy," he punctuated the last word with a raised volume, "saying the Leo had been ill treated by the crown for one hundred fifty years."
"Relating to the charges, forebishop," the inquisitor said, "what did the accused say that violated decree?"
Gunnor nodded and raised his head high.  He placed his hand over his heart and said, "The accused used phrases that only a priest should know.  He spoke of texts that only priests know.  Texts that have been sealed by priestly decree for centuries.  When I questioned him directly, he claimed to have read them."  He looked across the crowd and seemed to be expecting a greater reaction than he saw.  Instead, most of the audience appeared confused or uninterested.
"And what of the charge related to sedition?"
"After the accused spoke of these prohibited matters, I spoke in favor of her royal majesty, saying that the monarchy was the supreme authority on matters related to faith, science, and morality.  Then he spoke his worst.  He said, and I shall quote him, 'If this be so, then Leo needs its own royal majesty.'"  Now many in the audience gasped.  Most of the members of the jury seemed shocked with their eyebrows raised and their eyes widened.
"Thank you, forebishop."  The inquisitor sat and the chancellor stood.
"You referenced a communication with Virgo.  What was this regarding?"
"A meeting between myself and the accused in Tarbel, some time before."  He glanced at that city's mayor and returned his gaze to Sanson.  
"What was said at this meeting that led to a communication with Virgo?"
"The same issues, I fear.  The gov- … accused used words and phrases that had been sanctioned for priestly eyes alone," again, the jury seemed confused, "and then he brought into question the motives of the crown, saying that Leo had been exploited for many years."
"You reported this?"
"Yes."
"The fact that he knew these … secret words?"
"Yes."
"And that he questioned the crown and spoke of exploitation?"
"Well," he glanced at the Virgan representative, "no.  After a time, I felt perhaps my memory of the conversation was in error so I would not wish to accuse of him sedition if I was unsure."
"'Unsure?'"
"Yes.  But I was certainly sure after our next meeting."
"I see.  After the second meeting and the governor's arrest, did you not send another message to Virgo?"  
"By courier?"  After Amee nodded, Rolant continued, "The governor controls Leo's ships."
"Yes, but the Council of Leo could vote to use one for temple or Council business and the governor would be bound to obey."  She looked at the other forebishops' faces.  "Did you not mention this possibility to the Council?"  
He hesitated.  "No."  The forebishop on his left deflated and he quickly added, "However, I knew that a response to my first message was due to arrive soon.  I realized a second may not be required."
"I see.  That is all."
Gunnor looked at the other members of the Council and saw their expressions.  They didn't appear pleased.  When the forebishop scanned the Temple, he saw more confusion and soft conversations.  He could see that this wasn't going as well as he hoped from the start.  "Your next witness?"
The inquisitor stood, holding a sheath of parchment.  "Before we call the witness, we should like to enter for the Council's consideration," he looked over his shoulder at the six, "and the jury's, these decrees, signed and sent by the accused in the days and weeks before the conversation in question."
The forebishop nodded and grinned.  "Proceed."  Kaeso studied him and knew that Gunnor felt these decrees were clear-cut evidence.
The inquisitor left his table and took the parchment to the jury's bench.  As he handed them out, he said, "You will find here that the accused, without direction from the queen or any other royal figure, reduced the production and collection of resources for shipment to Virgo.  After lowering production requirements, he gave all those in mining facilities a week-long holiday."  A small cheer went up from the audience and the Council looked to see who it was.  "Further, he ceased all shipments of materials to Virgo and moved all collected resources to unknown locations."  He spun and faced the governor.  "He did this in willful violation of the queen's decree which increased the quotas of these resources to be shipped to Virgo."
Alys Wace looked at the parchment with a frown.  The governor watched her carefully.  As she read and understood that all the inquisitor had said was true, she raised her head and stared at Kaeso.  He knew her mind was racing.
"With these decrees in evidence," the inquisitor said, "we call on our next witness, Jehan Caesar."
Gunnor leaned onto his elbows and began to say the words of the oath with as much disgust as he could muster, "In the presence of Jupiter and the Lords of Kobol, do you swear to speak only the truth?"
The governor raised his head.  "I swear it."
The inquisitor asked, "Thinking to the date in question and your conversation with Forebishop Gunnor, do you recall it well?"
"I do."
"Do you recall admitting that you had read prohibited texts in violation of priestly decree?"
"I do."  The audience sparked again with talk.  The inquisitor seemed surprised at such candor and Gunnor smiled.  
"And," the young bishop paused as he waited for the clamor to die down, "and do you recall saying, and I shall quote, 'Leo needs its own royal majesty?'"
"I do."
The Temple erupted.  Kaeso looked worriedly at the chancellor and his wife; both were concerned.  He glanced across the room and saw dozens of angry faces, some of whom were jeering him for his admission.  He looked at the Council and watched Gunnor and the other two smile and smirk.  When Jehan turned back toward the jury, he saw in their faces only more confusion.
The inquisitor faced the Council and bowed.  "The accused has contradicted his own pleas of innocence.  We shall adjourn our case."
Gunnor nodded and looked at Sanson.  "Chancellor.  Have you any questions for him before the jury announces its verdict?"
Amee stood and looked at him directly.  Her face was as stone and it was one he knew well.  He rarely knew what she was thinking beneath it, however, he might guess on this occasion.
"You have admitted to reading prohibited texts and you have admitted to saying what you did about the crown.  Why would you commit these crimes?"
"For years, I have seen the toll hard work has taken upon Leo.  I have seen the damage done to the people and lands of our mining communities and I have seen what has happened as our farming communities are stretched beyond their abilities.  When the queen imposed upon us the eighth increase in resource quotas within three years," Sanson nearly smiled because he got the number right, "I sought only to understand why.  Why does Virgo demand so much of Leo?  And why, once we have answered the crown's call, do they demand yet more?  I took it upon myself to search and I uncovered references to 'sacred texts.'"  The members of the Council sat up and became nervous.  Gunnor opened his mouth but Jehan continued, "As information in these texts became clear, so much else became clear as well."
"Be wary!" Gunnor said.
The governor ignored him and looked instead at the entranced jury.  "I will tell you what I found and when I have, you will understand why I questioned the very authority of the monarchy."
"Silence!"  Gunnor stood and nearly bounded from the high table.  "Silence!  You will say nothing of what you read!"  The audience was speaking loudly to each other and the forebishop said, "Your testimony is ended.  The jury shall render its verdict."
"Exception, Council," the chancellor said.
"Denied!  Jury, render your verdict!"
Kaeso watched as the six members of the jury leaned close and spoke for several long seconds.  Some nodded and others shook their heads.  He couldn't see their faces, but he grew more confident the longer they took.
"What is the matter?!" Gunnor yelled.  "The accused admitted his guilt!  Render the guilty verdict!"
The jury sat up from their conference and Wace stood.  Her grim expression was unchanged from before and she spoke clearly, "Council, if the accused is not allowed to further explain himself, I fear we will remain locked without any verdict whatsoever."
Gunnor blinked and gasped.  The audience erupted again and the forebishop jammed a finger toward the jury.  "You are a captain in the Virgan guard!  How dare you support sedition?!"
The commander ground her teeth at the insult and spoke even more loudly, "This is the governor of Leo.  He has ever served the people of this world and he has served the crown of Virgo.  Until this event he has only shown himself to be of the highest quality, loyal and true.  The jury feels that we must have more information about these secret texts so we might render a proper verdict."
"Outrageous," one forebishop said.
"No, commander," Gunnor said.  "That will not happen.  The decree, though violated by the accused, is still in effect!"
"Council," the chancellor said as she moved away from her table, "I believe justice may be well served if the Temple were cleared, save for ourselves and the jury.  Then, we may discuss these secret matters."
"Exception," the inquisitor said.  "The jury are not priests or royalty."
As Gunnor was about to agree, Sanson said, "They can be sworn to an oath that would inflict harsh punishment upon them should they speak of anything they learn."  The six jurors nodded and faced the Council.
The three men sat away from the high table and talked among themselves.  Amee wandered past the dock and put her hand on Kaeso's briefly.  He glanced at Celchyth and saw that she was staring at the Council, nervous.
Finally, Gunnor moved back into position and said, "Temple guards!  Clear the audience and the surrounding corridors."  Men and women armed with polearms left their positions along the wall and guided people out of the Temple chamber.  The spectators along the upper balcony and windows left as well.  Though the volume of the people's egress was loud, no one who remained said a word.  When a guard went to the Virgan observer, Gunnor said, "No.  He may stay."
Celchyth maintained her seat and a guard stood next to her.  Sanson saw this and said, "She is a member of the royal family.  She may remain."
Minutes later, it was silent.  Only the three members of the Council of Leo, the six jurors, the inquisitor, the chancellor, the Virgan observer, Celchyth, and the governor were left.
Gunnor had been speaking with the others for several minutes.  He finally leaned forward and addressed the jurors, "If you speak of what you're about to hear outside of these walls, then you will all be arrested and charged with violating priestly decree and contempt of this Council.  Is that understood?"  When the jury responded in the affirmative, Gunnor said, "Continue."
Sanson faced Kaeso and said, "What are these so-called sacred texts?"
He felt free, so he unburdened himself.  "They are … fascinating.  Ancient books left in stone and metal capsules across ten worlds."  The Council seemed racked with spasms as they recoiled and hid their faces from such open talk.  "The Virgans call these 'Stones of Kobol.'  They believe that they were carved from the sides of Olympus itself when man left Kobol and that they were deposited here, in the colonies.  But, if you read the accounts of Gideon in the books, she says plainly that they were carved from stone on Gemini before they were distributed …"
"Blasphemy!" Gunnor yelled.
"Exception," Amee said.  "Will Council please allow the witness to speak?"  No one answered and the forebishop sat back in his chair and shook his head.  "Go on, governor."
"Regardless, the Stones contained many small books made of a substance unfamiliar to me, and the exiles from Kobol carved onto them information from the gods.  Information from Kobol."
"Information of what?"
"Seemingly everything.  Government, law, science, agriculture, medicine, energy, travel."  The jurors were staring at him wide eyed.  Like him when he first read the volumes, they viewed the fact that such a thing exists as mind-numbing.  "These were gifts from the gods themselves and our ancestors, and the Virgans denied them to us."
"Why do you say that?"
"Many reasons.  For the first, the top of each Stone of Kobol was inscribed with a message from the exiles.  It reads, 'Containing the accounts and wisdom of Kobol to allow a bright future for our colonies.'  This message means all should enjoy the wisdom within, yet Virgo sought to withhold it."
"Lies," Gunnor hissed.
Ignoring him, Sanson asked, "Why do you believe Virgo would seek to withhold such a gift?"
"I read the words of the first Virgan governor of Leo.  Governor Lucas."  The Council looked at each other and Gunnor seemed unsure of what would come.  "He was governor for quite some time and he maintained his priestly studies while in office.  Part of that was to transcribe the Olympian text of the books into High Virgan.  He did so and provided his own commentaries on the subjects as he wrote."  The forebishops appeared stunned.  "Why these texts were not sent to Virgo after Lucas' untimely death, I do not know.  Regardless, I found them."  He glanced at Celchyth who gave him an encouraging nod.
"What did Governor Lucas write?"
"As an example, alongside agricultural information, Lucas wrote various years still in the future and sectioned off parts of the pages.  I did not know what this meant at the first, yet I looked back at our records and found that the information from the texts were given to Leo's farmers at those prescribed dates."
The Council and jurors stared ahead and the chancellor said, "So the Virgans had information, from the gods, to provide better farming practices that they … dealt out as they saw fit?  According to a schedule?"
"It would seem so.  This is information that would increase crop yield, make more healthful fruits, allow for the breeding of new foods, provide for safer handling of cattle and poultry, yes.  So much potential lies in these texts.  And there are techniques that we still do not know or employ."  The Council lowered their heads and members of the jury were transfixed.
"Tell us about the volumes on medicine."
"This is one that haunts me still."
"Why?"
Kaeso shifted his position in the dock and he stared at the jurors.  "For one example alone.  We all know of the miasma.  We all know so many have died because of it and whole towns have been abandoned because it was feared that the air had gone ill and produced too many cases."  Anger welled within him and he bit the inside of this cheek.  "These are lies."
"What is a lie?"
"Miasma.  Our … understanding of it is no understanding at all."  He took a breath and said, "In the texts, there are descriptions of diseases and ailments.  One of them matches, in all ways, miasma."  One of the jurors, Cecile Giffrei, gasped.  "I have learned that the gods and the people of Kobol knew that the miasma was spread, not through bad air, but through the bites of insects!  Our blood-flies and small creatures that reside within them!  There is a drug described in the text from Kobol that would cure it, if we could but decipher its fashioning."  Giffrei doubled over and cried out.  Kaeso didn't know why.
The chancellor watched as two jurors comforted Giffrei and once she was righted again, Amee looked at the governor and asked, "Did Lucas write anything related to miasma?"
"He did.  He wrote … 'If the crown feels so benevolent, this would be a means to win the favor of the people.'"
The jury erupted and they spoke to each other loudly.  Cecile tried to stand and shout out but the others pulled her back.  The Council stared ahead, unblinking.  After a moment of uproar among the few, the inquisitor stood, "Exception!"
Gunnor looked down at him and asked, "Grounds?"
"The accused is entering his own evidence.  If these … commentaries exist, then produce them."
"Very well."  The chancellor opened a small sleeve and withdrew a book.  "This is Governor Lucas' transcription of the volume on medicine."
Gunnor sat up, outraged.  "How have you come by this?  You … you violated the decree as well!"
"Council," Amee said, "I am the advocate for the accused.  The law allows many leniencies when gathering evidence for defense.  The governor directed me to these texts and to appropriate passages.  That is all."
Gunnor looked toward his comrades but they offered no aid.  "Exception is denied."
Sanson faced Jehan again, "We have no cure or treatment for miasma, do we?"
"No.  And thousands die each year."
"Including my daughter!" Giffrei shouted.
Kaeso bowed his head toward her and the chancellor continued.  "Let us turn to the reason for your curiosity.  Metals, ores, and other resources."
"Indeed."
"What did you find?"
"Unlike agriculture and medicine, the Virgans gave us a great deal of information for the finding of the minerals and ores they desire.  They have, however, withheld certain processes that would make the work easier, including refinements and safety."  The mayors of Tarbel and Arelate leaned forward with interest.
"Safety?"
"Yes.  The texts from the Stone of Kobol details many methods for safe mining, only some of which the Virgans saw fit to give us.  The text also tells us of poisonous fumes that are released when delving beneath stone, which I am certain will explain a great many mysterious deaths that occur from time to time."  He met Tierri's stare and the large man nodded.
"We know what materials the Virgans want," the chancellor said, "but do you know why they want them?"
"Yes."  Kaeso looked toward the Council and noted Gunnor's stern yet defeated expression.  "They are components in something the monarchy has called 'The Apollo Study.'"  All the forebishops either looked away or closed their eyes.  "Named after the god of light, it was the aim of Virgo to recreate a science known to the gods as faster-than-light travel.  It is bewildering to consider, but in these texts are descriptions of machines to send a vessel from one world to another in the blink of an eye."  He watched the jurors think that over and added, "Now think of the power a world might wield if their ships could leap across the chasm of space in an instant.  And think again, not of only Leo, but of the other colonies settled by the exiles of Kobol."  
After a moment, Sanson asked, "Why do you believe Virgo has its mind on these other worlds?"
"It was written about by Governor Lucas in these texts.  He speaks of the 'Founder.'  He was one of the first to settle on Virgo after the exodus from Kobol.  This Founder created a kind of plan for his descendants to follow as they navigated the long years ahead.  From him they learned how to use the Stones of Kobol to their advantage, consolidating their command of Virgo itself before journeying into space for the other worlds, all at the expense of any who were not Virgan."
"Exception," the inquisitor said.  "The accused is offering his interpretation of the texts."
The chancellor withdrew a couple of other volumes from her parcel.  "The Council and the inquisitor are welcome to read Governor Lucas' own words.  Governor Kaeso may be placing some salt upon the writings, but the flavor is original to the source."  The Council sat silently and Gunnor finally waved his hand.  Amee turned back toward the dock and asked, "What more did Lucas write?"
"He mentions that all that had transpired on Leo, including years of rebellion both before and after his ascendancy as governor, went according to the plans of his majesty, King Felix."
"What plans?"
"I do not know in full, only that it was King Felix's desire that the people of Leo be at one another's throats so they may be weakened and the Virgo more easily corral and rule them.  I do, however, recall one passage in its entirety, for it both chilled me with fear and warmed me with anger."  The chancellor nodded and the governor closed his eyes for a second so he could see the page in his mind. "'Thus have we taken our sister into our graces, having blessed her with our goodwill and wisdom, and thus shall she be forever beholden unto the will of Virgo, and its world and people spent for our greater glory.  For not all deceptions are an evil nor are all gifts a kindness.'"
In the silence that followed, the jurors sat facing ahead, some with their heads lowered, and they pondered.  The inquisitor worriedly looked up at the high table where the forebishops appeared more deflated than before.  The visitor from Virgo scanned the sanctuary quickly, landing on each face before he stared at Gunnor again.  Kaeso turned and looked at his wife, but even she seemed disturbed by the testimony.
"Thank you, governor."  Sanson looked at the jury and then the Council.  "The accused adjourns his case."
Slowly, Gunnor sat up and said, "Does the jury require time to consider their verdict?"  As he fell back into his chair, Jehan noted how tired the man seemed compared to such a short while ago.
The Leonan commander stood.  "Yes, Council," Wace said.  "May we see the texts and commentaries of Governor Lucas?"
One of the forebishops began to object, but he returned to his seat and shook his head.  "Carry on."
Sanson took four books to the bench where the six sat.  As she handed each out, she stated their contents.  "This is the medicine volume.  This is the volume on agriculture."  Strips of fabric were used to mark several places in the writings, and as the chancellor answered the jury's questions and pointed out specific passages, the inquisitor stood. 
"Exception.  The chancellor is … guiding the jury."
"I am responding to their queries."  She looked at the Council and said, "I would be happy to do so more loudly for all to hear."
Gunnor closed his eyes and didn't bother straightening.  "Exception denied."  
Kaeso looked at the man and felt pity for him.  In one hour, the forebishop's entire world had crumbled.  He had been conditioned to protect this information with a holy passion and now it was in the open.
The chancellor gathered the texts after a few moments and took them back to her table.  As she did, the jurors leaned toward each other.  They spoke for only a few seconds before all six stood and faced the governor.
Gunnor leaned forward and sighed.  As he propped himself up on the table, he asked, "How find you on the charge of violating priestly decree?"
Wace said, "The jury finds it necessary to nullify the charge against the accused."
Rolant leapt to his feet and yelled, "The jury cannot nullify the charge in an ecclesiastical trial!"
"Exception," Sanson said.  "In the aforementioned case of Prince Seneca, the tribunal allowed the jury to operate with their normal powers and strictures."  The lead forebishop grumbled loudly as she tried to continue, "And under Virgan law, nullification has been an accepted jury outcome for more than …"
Gunnor interrupted her, plopped back into his seat, and barked, "How find you on the charge of sedition?!"
"The jury finds it necessary to nullify the charge against the accused."
Celchyth and Amee both stood and went to the dock where they took Kaeso's hands.  He smiled at them, leaning toward them to embrace them as well as he could.  "I cannot thank you enough."
"I require no thanks, my husband," she said as she kissed his cheek.
"It has been my pleasure," Amee said.  "Tiring, but a pleasure."
"And this Prince Seneca."  A guard came near with keys to unbind him.  "I have never heard of him before."
"This is no surprise as he was stripped of his titles after the guilty verdicts."  As the first of his shackles was removed, he raised an eyebrow, encouraging the chancellor to continue.  "He was witnessed," she glanced briefly at Celchyth before looking at Jehan again, "taking advantage of certain livestock on temple grounds."
As Celchyth stifled her laughter, Kaeso nodded.  "Though I feel sympathy on behalf of the animals, I am pleased the matter went to trial."  Loud words on the other side of the sanctuary drew his attention.  The three forebishops were speaking to each other in an animated conversation and they had been joined by the representative from Virgo.  "Chancellor, get the temple guards in here."  
She looked down as the guard removed the last of his cuffs.  "I do not understand."
"Please do so."  She departed at once.
His wife followed his gaze and asked, "What is it?"
"Something is amiss.  Do you know this man?  In blue and red with a badge of office."
She stepped around the side of the dock and looked across the Temple's sanctuary.  "I do not.  He appears vaguely familiar …"
"Do you recognize his badge?"
She squinted.  When he moved, she saw it better and said, "It seems to be a preceptor's, but it is silver.  An antepreceptor."
"A royal advisor.  Sent here."  He shook his head.  "They could not have known there would be a trial."
"Antepreceptors are often used as messengers from the royal court.  Perhaps he bore a message in response to the one from Gunnor."  Sanson returned with four more guards and Kaeso stepped out of the dock.
"No," Rolant said.  The forebishops were standing behind the high table and he pointed at Jehan.  "We are not finished with you!  There will be sanctions …"
"I think not," he said.  "As I am again in good standing with the charges against me nullified, I am exercising my powers as governor to remove you three from the Council of Leo.  Temple guards, please escort them to their chambers so they may collect their personal," he raised a finger to punctuate that word, "effects."
"Yes, m'lord."  The four guards crossed the sanctuary and stood beneath the high table.  The forebishops argued among themselves and with the guards loudly for a while.
Kaeso then walked toward the jurors.  Wace had unbuttoned her Virgan blue jacket with royal seal, removed it, and looked at it thoughtfully before folding it.  Then, she placed it on the bench and began to leave.
"Commander," Jehan called out.  "Please, come back."
She stopped in the aisle and turned.  "I cannot in good conscience serve after all I have heard today."
"Trust in me when I say that I understand."  He walked toward her and put his hand on her shoulder.  "I will need you as commander of Leo's forces."
Still pained, she looked up and asked, "Toward what end?"
"I do not know.  I know only that I trust you."
She swallowed hard and looked at the other jurors and then the chancellor.  "What say you?"
Sanson nodded.  "We need you."
Alys clasped her hands behind her back and straightened.  "Very well.  What are your orders, governor?"
"Consider your people, particularly the officers and those closest to you.  If you feel that their loyalties remain with Virgo and the crown, release them.  If they are loyal to Leo and her people, keep them."
"It will be done.  Those loyal to the crown, however, may desire a fight."
"We will discuss that as the need arises."
Across the sanctuary, the arguing forebishops were finally leaving with the guards urging them on.  The Virgan observer, however, stepped away and left through another door.
Kaeso looked at the other jurors and said, "I cannot thank you enough."
"Had I read what you did," Tumas said, "I would have stained the crown myself."
"What is next?" Victor Rogier asked.
"I would like for each of us to peruse the texts and take from them information we can use.  Though they explain a great many things beyond our reckoning, these are not instruction guides.  There are sciences and processes that we do not understand.  Steps which must be reached before these end results may be found.  It will be our duty to decipher these things and to immediately put all that we can into practice."  The jurors nodded.  He looked across their six faces, plus the chancellor and his wife.  "I lay no claim in perceiving the future.  I know only that we will survive the days ahead if I have your help, and Leo's, as well."
A few of them said, "You will have it."
Celchyth put her hand around his waist and she laid her head on his shoulder.  He held her, too, and he felt his throat tighten.  He was surprised how much he had missed the kind touch of another person after weeks in his cell.  "I thank you all."
XXVIII
GUNNOR
772 Years After Colonization

"Please!" Gunnor said as he ran to the landing field.  "Wait!  Do not go!"
The antepreceptor turned and faced the out-of-breath man.  "I must go.  Her royal majesty must be informed immediately that Leo appears to be in open rebellion!"  He spun and continued on his way.
"But," he trotted to catch up, "perhaps not!"
"Are you deaf, forebishop?"  Colton shook his head.  "You are not even forebishop any longer."  He looked at him and asked, "What are you if you are not on the Council?"
"Just a bishop," saying it weakened him further.
"Removed by the governor who revealed the secrets of Virgo and still would you claim that he does not rebel?"
"Caesar does not speak for all the world!"  He skidded in the gravel and nearly fell onto the antepreceptor.  "He may have some few in power that are swayed by his claims, his interpretations of the texts …"
"And these people will convince others to follow.  And they, others still."  Virgan guards stood by the open entrance of a waiting vessel.  "In the time it will require a force to be mustered, in what state will Leo be found when those forces land here?"  He faced Gunnor and asked, "Will you even be a bishop still?"
The older man lowered his head and thought.  Colton turned and walked toward the ship.  "Wait!  Why do you not arrest him now?  You heard his testimony!"
"To arrest him after the charges were nullified would require a royal warrant."
"You could order his detention."
"From whom?"  He turned again and looked incredulously at Gunnor.  "The captain of the guard led the jury which freed him!  How many among her number are so inclined?"  The antepreceptor faced a Virgan officer, "Signal all Virgan facilities on this world that we are to depart immediately.  We are abandoning Leo."
"Yes, m'lord."
The bishop looked down and he felt his mind race.  Two hours … two hours ago, the governor was to be convicted!  Yet all is now lost on Leo.  He saw Colton step into the craft and he screamed, "Take me with you!"
The antepreceptor looked down at him, "What?"
Gunnor moved closer to the ship and repeated, "Take me with you.  I will gladly serve as an advisor on the subject of Leo to her royal majesty."  When Colton rolled his eyes, he added, "Or whomever may need me!  I am a loyal servant of her royal majesty."  He clasped his hands before him and wrenched them together.  "When Caesar uttered the writings of Lucas and felt anger and fear, I heard the words that spoke of us as a 'sister world' and the goodness Virgo has brought here.  I feel that we are better with Virgo than without!  I beg you, let me aid her royal majesty in whatever manner I may to keep Leo within your family!"
The antepreceptor now looked down at the bowed head of the older priest.  He thought for a moment and then sighed.  "Very well."  Gunnor looked up with joy and glistening eyes.  "Come aboard now.  There is no time for you to gather belongings."
"It matters not."  He gripped a handle and a guard helped pull him into the craft.  The bishop looked across the field toward the green grass and the stone walls of Redon.  "There is naught left for me here."
XXIX
CELCHYTH
773 Years After Colonization

"Have you heard your people speak of Canth before?" the chancellor asked.
Celchyth shook her head and looked at the large building ahead of them.  "I have heard the name of the town, of course, but never uttered by the queen or my mother."
"What is within?" Jehan asked.
Amee smiled.  "A great deal."
The river flowed nearby and turned enormous paddlewheels alongside the structure.  Two Leo guards pulled open the wide doors and the group walked in.  Large cables ran from machines connected to the paddlewheels outside toward racks of equipment and other massive engines.  Kaeso stared at the devices at the center of the room and then looked at the ones by the wall.  "I recognize these as generators of electricity," he pointed, "but what power do these produce?"
"I do not know."  Sanson walked toward the nearest and was dwarfed by it, "There are no records to be found and there is evidence that they removed a number of items.  Some, however, were too large to take, it seems."
The governor circled one of the great machines.  "Why would they not destroy these?  Certainly, they could not have wanted to leave it intact …"  He stopped when he noticed the powder barrels near the base.  "They failed."
"They did."  Amee tapped some of the metal piping on the exterior of the large circular box.  "Do you recognize this?"
"Dark-silver."  He looked deeper into the machine and saw coils of other metals.  "Light-silver, copper, gold, … Are among these some of the rarer metals we've mined?"
"There are."
When Kaeso smiled, Celchyth looked from the chancellor to her husband.  "Will you please explain?"
Jehan put his hand on the blue-gray metal.  "The Apollo Study.  They conducted some of their research right here."
"And now we have it," the duchess said.
"We do, and yet," he glanced at Amee, "we've no idea what we have."
"Indeed."  Sanson flicked a switch on a control panel.  A red globe illuminated slowly but nothing else happened.  "We will continue to search all that the Virgans have left behind.  Perhaps some treasure will out."

The following weeks were tense and time appeared to slow.  Awaiting word from Virgo or simply the arrival of a hundred vessels in orbit … Celchyth stared at the night sky and wrung her hands.  She worried for her new home and the family she made for herself.
"You need some diversion," Kaeso said.  "Some task to take your mind from possibilities that may never manifest."
She left the window and sat on the edge of her husband's bed.  "It is difficult."
"I am sure."  He set his book aside and said, "If we are now our own world, we have a need to make it our own.  I would like your help in that regard."
She smiled and slid toward the headboard.  "You would?"
"Of course.  If you've some thought as to our flag or," he shrugged, "anything, speak it."  Celchyth nodded and looked away in thought.  "Have a care.  We no longer have our tether to Virgo so your suggestions must be easy on the purse."
She lay down and stared at the ceiling while he resumed reading from the book.  Nearly half-an-hour later, she sat up quickly and startled him.  "Uniforms."
"Yes?"
She faced him and saw his wide eyes.  "Our soldiers are using the same uniforms as the Virgo, correct?"
"They are."
"If there is war, this will prove confusing."  The governor nodded but she didn't see it.  "We should dye them a darker shade of blue."
"Darker?"
"We have dyes for the uniforms currently.  We would simply use a bit more.  Soak them a while longer.  The darker blue will be our own color and different enough from the Virgo."
Kaeso smiled.  "Very good.  I shall tell the commander."
She smiled and lay down again.  In the candlelight, she watched him read and she breathed easier.  Despite the tension, quiet moments like these, alone with her husband, had proven a great comfort.

"The escort craft from Hiedon have signaled," a Leo captain said.  "They are on approach."  She looked down on the couple from her horse and then asked, "What are your orders?"
"No changes," Kaeso said.  "Go to your position."  She turned the horse and rode back up the hill.
At the landing field outside Redon, the duchess stood close to her duke.  Her arm was entwined with his and she breathed deeply.  She looked behind her and saw the line of Leonan guards, all wearing chainmail underneath dark blue jackets and pants.  She smiled at seeing her suggestion made real.
The sound of sonic booms above them brought her attention back to the situation.  She jerked her head forward and looked at the empty space.  "Would you like me to leave?" Kaeso asked.
Stunned, she faced him and said, "I would have no such thing."  He nodded and looked into the sky.  "Why would you suggest it?"
"I am the cause of these troubles.  I may be a distraction."
"Perhaps."  The ships came into view; two Leo escorts and their visitor.  "Yet I would welcome a distraction in these next moments."
The Virgan vessel was the newest they had seen.  It was of the same configuration; long, silver, rectangular.  There were changes to it they hadn't seen before, such as smaller thruster vents and a larger cockpit window.  There was also the gold and blue royal seal on the door.
Celchyth tightened her grip on Kaeso's arm.  "Steady," he said.  "I am here."
The hatch opened and four Virgan soldiers emerged carrying rifles.  They saw the line of Leonan soldiers, also with rifles, and they placed theirs at their sides as they took position beside the door.  After a moment, they saw the figure of the Duke of Nordfolk emerge and squint in the day's sun.  Celchyth smiled a little despite herself at seeing her father again.  He was wearing his usual uniform of the royal guard but there was no trace of a smile.  Attendants came out next and lined a path from the vessel before Princess Osburh disembarked.  The duchess tensed and squared her shoulders.
Osburh walked from the craft slowly, hitching the sides of her elaborate dress with her as she walked.  Burgred walked behind her.  When they reached about five meters away, the princess said, dripping with fatigue and disgust, "Daughter."
Celchyth smiled and raised her chin.  She tried to replicate the tone and replied, "Mother."
Osburh glanced at Jehan next.  "King Caesar, I presume?"
"No, your highness.  Still governor."
"Mm."  She faced Celchyth again and said, "We have come to take you home."
The duchess' eyebrows raised and she glanced up at Kaeso before looking at Osburh.  "What do you mean?"
"The queen, in her wisdom, has seen fit to grant us leave to bring you home."
Celchyth shook her head.  "Your signal said you had a message to give us."
"I do.  First, I would ask that you leave this man and get aboard our vessel."
So surprised was she that she erupted with laughter.  Seeing her mother's wide eyes, Celchyth shook her head and said, "Under no circumstances would I willingly return to Virgo with you."
Stunned by the reaction, the princess asked, "Why not?  These are the wishes of your mother and the queen, your aunt!"
"I am a woman, mother.  I have my own mind.  Nor do I care whatsoever about the wishes of either you or the queen."  Osburh placed her hand on her chest and stepped back.  Before she could gasp or exclaim anything, Celchyth continued, "You are the family that sold me away for political gain.  I am simply fortunate that you have sent me to such a fair place and among such good people."
Burgred huffed and held his wife's shoulders as she collected herself.  He barked, "Celchyth!  Stop this madness and get on that ship this instant!"
Disappointed that even he didn't understand, she shook her head.  "No, father.  I am sorry."
Osburh pushed the duke aside and stood as tall as she could.  "Then you are no longer my daughter."
In her mind, she hadn't thought of herself as Osburh's daughter for some time.  Yet, hearing the princess say this and with such venom, Celchyth felt stricken.  She tightened her grip on Kaeso and he returned the gesture.  Her voice clouded and she managed to say, weakly, "Very well."
"I have, at least, one daughter who does the crown proud.  One who might sway you toward your senses."  She stepped aside and waved a woman forward.  She was a small woman dressed in bright Virgan blue trimmed with yellow.  When she came alongside the princess and duke, she raised her head.
"Ryeleah!" Celchyth cried.  She took a step forward but stopped herself.
"Hello, Cel."  Her big eyes were moist with tears at the ready.  She whispered something and Osburh rolled her eyes.  Then she crossed the several paces between them.  Celchyth released Jehan's arm and embraced her sister tightly.  Her chest heaved with sobs and the older sister said, "There, Cel.  Breathe."
She pursed her lips and pulled away from Ryeleah's shoulder.  She wiped her eyes with her glove and just looked at her.  Finally, her gaze fell to her abdomen and she asked, "Are you pregnant?"  
Ryeleah smiled and nodded and the sisters embraced again.  "Yes," Osburh said.  "She has had no difficulties providing an issue.  Perhaps you are barren."  The princess' gaze drifted toward the governor.  "Or perhaps he is."
The younger child ignored her mother and asked Ryeleah, "Why would you travel so far, so long, when you are with child?"
With a thin voice that broke, gilded in unshed tears, she answered, "So that I might bring my sister home.  And should I fail, so that I might at least bid her farewell."  Celchyth nearly faltered, but her sister squeezed her hands.  "There, my dear.  Be strong.  You must feel it."  Ryeleah placed their hands on either side of her belly, though she was barely showing at this stage.  Celchyth felt a pair of odd, hard things and when her brow furrowed, Ryeleah said, "Here.  This will be easier."  She raised a flap of her gown and there Celchyth saw four books bound about her waist.  Her mouth fell open and Ryeleah whispered, "Take them.  Quickly."
Celchyth leaned closer to her sister's belly and carefully slid each book out and put them into her own gown's pockets.  Only two fit.  She held the others behind her back and tried to slip them into the ties of her outer bodice.  Kaeso saw what she was doing and stared.  Finally, he leaned forward and said, "Are you well, my dear?"  As he touched her, he took the last two from her and put them in his belt under his jacket.
"Yes, thank you."  She stood and backed away from Ryeleah.  "I grew lightheaded."
"Seeing your sister," the princess said, "has this forced you to reconsider your words?"
The younger daughter looked into the wet eyes of her older sister and saw the pain there.  She felt it surge through her body and emerge from her throat when she said, "No."
Ryeleah nodded and smiled once more before turning and walking back toward her parents.  After she passed them, Osburh said, "Very well.  Now I will relay the message from her royal majesty, Queen Æthelswith of Virgo, long may she reign."  Only Burgred, Ryeleah, and their attendants and soldiers repeated the latter phrase.  
Kaeso put his arm around Celchyth as she recovered and said, "I am listening."
"Virgo will welcome Leo back into its graces should Jehan Caesar present himself for trial and all officials in Redon step down from their posts.  A Virgan governor will be installed anew, as well as a manager for the mining operations in order to restore the flow of resources that have been lacking for months.  Tariffs will also be levied on all trade between our worlds."
The governor betrayed no emotion.  "Is this our only option?"
"No.  You may persist on your present course.  If you do so, and I shall quote our queen, 'Leo shall never again know peace.'"
Jehan nodded.  "Understood.  I wish you a pleasant journey home."
Osburh hesitated and waited for something more.  He offered none.  She turned with a flourish and walked back to the ship.  She boarded it without looking again at Celchyth.  Burgred, though, looked on his youngest with sympathy before he returned to the vessel.  Ryeleah smiled and nodded once.  The attendants and soldiers filed in behind them.  A few minutes later, the ship lifted off and screamed into the atmosphere.
Celchyth's shoulders sagged and she felt suddenly weak.  When she began to cry, Kaeso held her and said, "You did very well.  Relax now."
She looked into his eyes and said, "She is gone."
The governor paused for a second and then said, "Ryeleah.  But she parted with a gift."
Celchyth pulled one of the books from her pocket and looked at its plain cover.  "What can these be?"
"I do not know."  
Celchyth looked up and wiped her eyes.  "May we leave this place?  Perhaps we could go to the shore and rest in Hiedon for a time once we are certain my mother has fled to home?"
Jehan smiled and offered her the two books he had been holding.  As she held all four, he said, "We could both use a holiday.  And you seem to have some reading ahead of you."  He held her again and said, "I would like that."
XXX
KAESO
773 Years After Colonization

He moved through the corridors quickly with Celchyth right behind.  In a few moments, he found himself in the chambers of what had been the Council of Leo.  Around the three tables arranged in a triangle he saw the chancellor and other members of his committee tasked with advancing Leo according to the sacred texts.  Their work had continued unabated since the end of his trial four months ago.
"Governor," Sanson stood.  "I believed you were going on holiday …"
"We never left," he said.  Amee vacated the main seat and slid to an empty one.  Jehan placed the four books on the table at his place and stood there.  "Where is General Wace?"
"Giving chase to Virgo's loyal soldiers," the chancellor said.  "They've massed near the Argentan River, I believe."
The governor looked across everyone's faces.  "I am glad you are here.  We have news that must be dealt with immediately."
"The queen's message then," Victor Rogier said.  "It was dire."
As Kaeso sat, he glanced at him and was momentarily confused.  "The queen's message?  Yes.  Well," he looked over his shoulder at Celchyth who sat in a chair along the wall, "there was a message relayed by Princess Osburh."
"What was it?" Sanson had a paper and pen at the ready.
"I am to turn myself over to the queen for trial.  A new governor will be selected, as well as a manager to oversee all mining operations," he looked at the mayor of Tarbel, "and so on.  Virgo tightens its grip, in other words."
A merchant leader asked, "That is all?"
"No."  Jehan spread the four diaries in front of him.  "I asked if there was another option and was told that, if we continue on this path, 'Leo shall never again know peace.'  I gave no definitive response, in hopes that it may buy us more time."
A darkness descended on the room.  The members of the committee looked at one another and began chatting.  "We cannot go back to the way things were."  
"There is no going back.  Virgo would force us into a darker place."  
"My people cannot bear it."  
"We will starve."
Kaeso knocked on the table with his knuckle.  Once he had their attention again, he said, "I understand that the message is extreme and seems to present us with no choice."
"So, war then?" Rogier asked.
"We may decide that today.  Perhaps."
"If this is so," Cas Tierri said as he stood, "I am concerned."
"As are we all," the governor said.  Then he noticed that the mayor was looking at Celchyth.  Kaeso glanced back at his wife and then at him.  "What concerns you?"
"Forgive me, but the duchess herself."  A few people hissed or shook their heads.  There were others, however, who nodded in approval.  "She is a niece to the queen of Virgo.  A member of her family.  She may pass along messages containing our secrets or strategy."
It surprised Kaeso how strong the anger was that boiled within him.  He clenched his fists and Sanson saw this.  Jehan ground his teeth and stood.
"Governor," the chancellor whispered in a certain tone that he recognized.  A long-used code of hers to tell him to calm down.
He exhaled through his nose and spoke with clipped words, "I will put this simply.  There are very few people whom I would trust more than my wife.  If it were known all that she has suffered, …"
"Let us make it known, husband."  Celchyth stood and walked to his side.  "I understand your concern, mayor.  Truly, I do."  Tierri nodded and sat.  "I will say that my life was spent with me in training to only be a wife.  A wife not for love, but for politics.  The queen obviously saw the strains that she was placing upon Leo, so I was sent here to seal the bonds between our worlds.  I was sold into this role with Virgo hoping they had bought peace and time.  My family," she looked away and her voice wavered, "whom I saw earlier today … disowned me when I refused to depart with them."
"And that is naught but a fraction of it," Kaeso said.  He placed a hand on her back.
Tierri stood again and bowed toward her, "I beg your forgiveness.  I did not know."
The governor sat but she remained standing.  "Thank you.  But you are right to question me."  She looked down into Jehan's eyes and said, "Will all of Leo not see me in the same manner?"  He glanced away and considered it.  The committee was quiet and Celchyth looked around the room.  When the mayor sat again, she said, "I will need a gesture to prove that I am with Leo.  I may not have been born here, but I am wed to this place in more ways than one."  She smiled, "I do love it here."  Her eyes landed on Cecile Giffrei.  "Pardon me, what was your daughter's name?"
She was taken aback and blinked rapidly.  Finally, she said, "Ele, your grace."
Celchyth nodded.  "A lovely Leonan name."  She looked at her husband and then back at the merchant, "With your permission, may I take it as my own?"
Giffrei was stunned.  She mumbled, "I … I would be honored."
Jehan touched her hand, "Are you certain?"
"Yes."  She smiled and said, "This is a gesture that would be meaningful both to myself and to all of Leo.  Thank you."  She returned to her chair by the wall.
Kaeso looked across the room and saw the smile on Cas Tierri's face.  "Are there any other issues to discuss before we come to the reason for my return?"
The chancellor asked, "The queen's message was not the reason?"
"No."  He picked up one of the four diaries.  "Your concerns of messages being sent among the royal family are not without precedent, Mayor Tierri."  He appeared surprised and the governor continued, "At the meeting today with the royal family, my wife's sister was able to pass to her these books.  Would you please read the note?"
Ele had kept the inserted sheet separate since they found it and she read it aloud, "'Your husband's rebellion has been the talk of the court and all of Virgo it seems.  The duke and I have resided in Buskirk for many weeks now and we have been privy to much discussion about Leo and what is to be done.  I am fortunate that the duke is content to leave me be for most hours of the day and I am also fortunate that I have made friends with my ladies and attendants.  Through them, I learned a great many other things.  My dresser is in love with a captain in the guard.  Through her I have obtained numbers of ships, ship construction estimates, soldier movements, transmission figures, and more.'"  
The eyes of a captain in Leo's guard widened and looked at the diaries.  Kaeso held up the one in question.
"'All of Cent is focused on metals and mines and I know that Leo is lacking in some of these facilities, so I have put as much information as I can on the subject in another book.'"  Now Tierri stared at the journals.
"'In Buskirk, I was in the room when your Bishop Gunnor arrived and spoke to the queen.'"  Several grumbled and a few were surprised that he had left.  "'He prattled on about sacred texts and such, how insolent your husband is, and so on.  Then he mentioned an Apollo Study and this set the room alight with conversation.  I knew not what this was, but I heard other dukes and lords speaking of it.  My letter grows too long, yet I will say that through my friends and priestly advisors, I have located a log of experiments in the Apollo Study and they fill two diaries.'"  Ele put the page back in her pocket as all that remained were personal thoughts between sisters.
Amee reached across the table and picked up one book.  "We have their experiments?"
"It seems so."
"And the mysterious texts we found at the barracks in Canth?" Giffrei asked.  "Might these aid in their deciphering?"
"I should hope so.  These may all aid our use of the machines they left there."  Kaeso opened one and flipped through it.  "I confess that I know not what I am looking upon, but our scholars will fare better, I am certain.  It will, hopefully, illuminate that which has eluded us thus far."
"Remarkable."  Sanson turned pages in a different book.
The governor looked around the room and said, "We have a path.  We must organize our ships and build more.  We must outfit them with weapons.  We must continue to make weapons for our soldiers."  He pointed at the volumes, "Now, we have the means to undertake the Apollo Study itself."  He smiled a little and said, "Let us begin."
XXXI
VIRGANS
773 Years After Colonization

The navigator peered through her scope.  Her eyes danced along the coast and she tried to see beneath the cloud cover.  She spotted a familiar peninsula and marked it on her chart.  She looked toward the north and found a distinctive inlet.  "Communications lancer.  Signal the Mars wing that I have confirmed the location of Redon."
An officer pressed behind the main seats pushed copper contacts together and a tone was broadcast.  Then, he swung a coiled device inside his large helmet to his mouth and said, "Mars, Part One, this is Sword.  Capital confirmed.  Mars, Part One, this is Sword.  Capital confirmed.  Follow Sword down.  Follow Sword down.  Acknowledge.  Acknowledge."  The lancer listened and heard the numbered tones come through the speaker in his helmet.  "Mars Part One confirms, lord."
The captain had been knighted before their departure.  He wore his new badge even on his protective space garment, but he refused to pilot the ship himself any longer.  Standing in the center of the control deck, he was braced against the wall and ceiling and he faced the pilot.  "Take us down," his voice echoed in the speaking tubes.
"Yes, lord."
Like the Virgan ships before them, these were long, rectangular vessels, and ten engaged their engines and bore on Redon.  Once the heat and turbulence of reentry had subsided and they were engulfed in clouds, the captain said, "Signal Mars Part Two and tell them to begin their descent to Nerio.  Then we shift all transmissions to channel four."
"Yes, lord."
The ship was buffeted again and finally pierced the white clouds.  Morning spread over the land below and, for the first time in months, the crew felt the pull of gravity.  "Make for the landing field in the west."  The pilot complied and the captain faced the navigator.  "Look for their ships."
With the vessel angled toward the ground so sharply, she was able to see it with her scope.  "I spot … ten to twelve ships on the ground."
The captain grinned.  "Not as much as there should be, but enough.  Sword and Mars One-Two will take the field.  The rest of Mars One will attack the city."  The communications officer transmitted the instructions and the pilot leveled their descent, bringing them outside the city and about one kilometer above the field.  He left the control deck and entered the rear cabin.  Three soldiers were strapped in and waiting for their orders.  "Bombardiers," the captain said, "begin!"
They unfastened themselves and went to work.  One opened the hatch and locked it in place.  Another extended a frame out of the vessel and locked it.  The third readied the large circular devices and placed one in the first position of the dropping frame.  "Ready, lord!" the lead bombardier said.
"Arm and drop!"
One soldier strained as he rolled the device to the end of the frame.  A spring latched it and held it outside the door.  Another reached over and removed the arming pin.  The long metal came free and he tossed it out the door.  The last soldier manipulated a mirror at the end of the dropping frame to see where it would fall.  "Pilot, maneuver north slowly."
"Acknowledged."
The ship edged in that direction and the bombardier said, "Pilot, stop.  Away!"  He manipulated a lever and the black metal sphere fell from the craft.  The captain moved toward the opening in time to see the fringes of the explosion.  "Direct hit!"  Their ship was rocked by shockwaves.  They saw another bomb fall from the ship near them.  It, too, detonated among the still Leonan vessels.
"Load and drop again," the captain ordered.
The soldiers did their jobs and a second device rolled to the end of the frame.  The captain was disappointed.  He had hoped the Leonans would have put up some kind of fight.  Instead, their ships were being destroyed on the ground.  "Away!"
The captain tried to look over the edge but couldn't without damaging his voice or breathing tubes.  "Is that sufficient?"
"The devices from both our ships appear to have destroyed or damaged all of the ships, yes, lord."
"Communications, signal Mars One-Two to attack the city.  Pilot, take us to the Great Temple."
"Yes, lord."
The captain knelt so he could see through the front windows of the control deck.  Redon swung into view and smoke was already rising from it.  He walked into the deck and said, "This will be finished as quickly as it began."
The dome of the Great Temple was cracked and fire poured from it.  The gray and white stone buildings of the old city were blackening with smoke.  The large wooden village beyond its walls was already fully engulfed.  "In position, lord."
With a dejected tone, the captain said, "Bombardiers, commence."
After the first was dropped and hit the Temple, the communications officer said, "Lord, a report from Mars One-Five.  They say, despite the fires, they have seen no people in the streets."
He narrowed his eyes and turned toward the young man.  "Not a one?"
"No, lord."
He furrowed his brow.  "Bombardier.  What do you see?"
"I have seen no one, lord."
"Signal Mars Part One.  All ships, halt bombardment."
"Yes, lord."
"Pilot, take us lower."
"Yes, lord."
As the vessel descended, four others in Sword's wing did, too.  Soon, they hovered above the city and the captain went to the open hatch.  He saw the bomb loaded in the frame and looked at the bombardier who just shook his head.  
Over the sound of their engines, they heard a distant thump.  The captain looked up, expecting to see that one of his ships had disobeyed orders and dropped a bomb.  He saw no explosion on the ground, but he did see a small, black shape rise from the ground near another ship in the wing.  It slowed as it reached its apex.  When it did, it detonated, throwing smoke and metal fragments into the open doors of two ships.  One rocked back and away from the city while another exploded.  The vessel broke in two before the other devices aboard exploded, too.  At that point, it nearly vaporized, and engulfed the first ship.
The captain was stunned and he heard several more thumps.  "All ships …"
He didn't finish.  Devices exploded near the rest of Mars Part One.  Two ships were damaged and began to fall.  Another exploded.  The pilot tried to raise themselves up, but a third ship exploded.  Then a fourth.  The ships scattered above Redon, confused.  The confusion only increased once Leo's ships descended from the clouds.
Sword spun after another pelting by metal fragments.  The captain felt a pain in his leg and looked down.  His space garment had been punctured and he felt a burning.  Then, he felt blood running toward his ankle.  A bombardier collapsed against the dropping frame and didn't move.  He looked out of the hatch and saw an older Virgan-type ship with a dark blue stripe and a purple stripe painted across its hull.  Its hatch was opened and he saw two soldiers there.  One maneuvered a box with four white shapes.  Then the vessel was filled with smoke as rockets launched.  They had no homing ability or sensors of any kind, but they were powerful.  One managed to strike the side of the captain's ship and it tilted ninety degrees to port.  The captain fell against the wall opposite the open door and he saw gravity help the loaded bomb overcome the spring latch and roll back inside.  He had just enough time to pray that the arming pin hadn't been pulled before it struck the loading end of the frame and denied his prayer.

A tone emerged from the speaker and it was followed by a weak signal.  "Ceres Three.  Ceres Three.  Vulcan One-Nine requesting fuel.  Vulcan One-Nine requesting fuel."
The communications officer looked at the captain.  "You heard, sir?"
"I did."  She looked through the thin window toward the planet below.  Here in orbit, the supply ships weren't expecting any requests for at least a day or until after their targets were secured.  She watched the vessel approaching.  "Ask why they have come so soon."
"Vulcan One-Nine.  Vulcan One-Nine.  Why do you need fuel so soon?  Why so soon?"
"Leo ordinance," static, "Leo ordinance damaged fuel tank."
The captain shook her head and said, "They should repair the tank before a refuel."  The communications officer was about to send this but the captain stopped him.  "Perhaps they have.  Give them permission to dock."
As the comms officer relayed the message, the captain left the control deck and walked into the rear.  The resupply vessel was, essentially, three of the larger Virgan cargo ships put together, but the entirety of the other two ships contained tylium tanks and other supplies.  Half of this one did, too, but there were also living spaces and room for the pumps.  She watched the workers manipulate the controls on the refueling clamps.  "Stand ready."  The ship shook and the worker said, "Engaged.  Ready for fuel."
"Do it," the captain said.  As the pumps worked, she leaned her helmet back against the bulkhead and thought.  She felt suddenly terrified and she shivered.   At that moment, the pumps stopped automatically.  The other ship's tanks were full.
"Captain?" one of the workers said.  "I do not understand."
The hatch slid open and soldiers in space garments drifted in.  They reached for the ceiling before the workers could react and began slicing the breathing and vocal tubes.  The captain turned and lunged for the control deck where she knew a spare air canister stood, but she felt cold sweep down her throat and into her chest.  Then, it burned.  Her ears popped with the lack of pressure and her vision blurred as the moisture in her eyes boiled.  It ended when she was stabbed in the back and pushed out of the open hatch.

Nerio was a codenamed, uninhabited distant place in the far southwest of the northern continent, the rallying point for the ground assault of the Virgans' first wave.  Most of the ships of Mars Part Two and Vulcan Part Two managed to escape the aerial assaults above Redon and the mining communities and retreated to this place.  Thirty-six large troop vessels disgorged their soldiers in the empty field and the men and women staggered out and fell into the grass.
Walking for the first time in more than two months in full gravity, the general of Virgo's ground troops threw his copper and glass helmet to the ground and he stood in the darkness before the dawn in this part of the world.  He had heard the deaths of his comrades and the destruction of so many of their ships.  He looked into the stars and imagined he could see home.
"My lord," a lancer asked, "what is to be done?"
A captain approached from her ship and said, "General, I know we have only now disembarked, but we must send word to Virgo immediately."
He brought his eyes down from the stars and looked at the growing crowd of soldiers.  "No.  All is not lost.  Our plan was to land here and gather ourselves for a great assault."
"Then let us signal those soldiers on this world still loyal to the queen," the captain said.  "Certainly, some of them may remain and may give us aid."  
He turned and saw the group swell to more than two thousand.  "We shall.  We shall recover from our journey and then prepare for a glorious fight!"  Many of the soldiers cheered.  "In the name of the queen!  And to avenge our fallen brothers and sisters!"  Despite their fatigue and despondency, they leapt and cried out with vigor.
XXXII
LEONANS
773 Years After Colonization

Along the Liga River stood the city of Turon.  The largest in the west, it had been built up a century before by the Duke of Turon, named by the queen to quell pockets of rebellion that still appeared from time to time.  The duke desired a fortress, so the city was walled and its central building reinforced in the style of a Virgan castle.
Commander Bernart had been one of Alys Wace's lieutenants and she named him to lead this post and its one thousand soldiers a few months ago.  Now he studied a map of Leo, marking the places his scouts had surveyed in looking for the missing Virgan troops.
"All lands along the southern coast west of Dunon have been searched," he said.
"No word from scouts who went over the sea?" Lieutenant Willeme asked.
"Not yet."  Bernart pulled a slip of paper toward himself.  "Nor from the western coast."
A serjeant slid to a stop at the entrance to the room.  Panting, he said, "A message from Lomere, commander."  He held out his hand and the young man placed the cylinder in it.  After the messenger saluted and left, Bernart opened the wooden case and removed a sealed parchment.  "From the governor."  He skimmed the update quickly and read relevant portions aloud.  "Redon still burns."
The lieutenant nodded.  "The evacuation was wise."
"The attacks on the mining towns were not successful.  A total of seven Virgan supply ships from orbit and on the ground have been captured intact."  He read further and then shook his head.  "No sign of the Virgan troop ships."
"How have they evaded us for three days?"
"They may keep moving.  They may have landed on an uninhabited island in the ocean."  He read again.  "General Wace has finally cornered the last of the deserters from her guard.  They've massed north of Dunon in the mountains and she is fully engaged in battle with them."
"How many?" Willeme asked.
"On last dispatch, barely a thousand.  Those loyal to Leo far outnumbered those loyal to the crown."  
"Had the guard been staffed with only those native to Virgo, our rebellion may have been a brief one."
"Indeed."  He put the parchment down and clasped his hands behind his back.  "Let us walk."
He was a thirty-six year-old man yet already bald.  He had affixed a large golden horn-cat pin to his dark blue jacket and as he walked, the point of his long sword occasionally brushed against the stone walls of the castle.  His lieutenant stayed on his left for that reason.
"What will be the Virgan plan, commander?" she asked.
They wandered over the battlements and looked away from the inner walls toward the outer.  "Were I them, I would secure a position and remain.  Fortify it and hope I could last until reinforcements arrive, whether from Virgo or from soldiers loyal to the crown already here."
"A position like a castle?"
"That would seem ideal, would it not?  Since it would be so, we cannot allow it."  Bernart looked to his left at a guncrew who manned a cannon atop a low tower.  "Double the watches.  The Virgans still have ships so their first strike may be swift."
"Yes, commander."  Willeme turned and ran into the keep.
For the next hour, Bernart walked among the soldiers encamped in the inner courtyard and around the crews who maintained the heavy weaponry.  He exited the inner gate and moved into the city itself.  Most of the buildings were made of stone but there were many wooden structures, too.  He walked along the main path in the wide, open space between the inner and outer gates.  He soon meandered toward the outer gate, which was open and its bridge lowered over a nearby spur of the river.  He looked up at the walls and studied the soldiers there, holding their polearms, swords, and rifles.  Then he saw someone run from the gatehouse and begin to yell.
"Ships on the approach!  Ships on the approach!"
The commander ran to the nearest stairs and up to the battlements.  He looked into the southwest and saw at least five vessels coming in low across the plain and over the river.  "Raise the battle flag!  Stand ready!"  Trumpeters blew their horns and a purple-and-blue banner was pulled up a pole on the gatehouse.
The distance closed between them quickly.  Two ships came within one hundred meters and turned, baring their flanks to them.  As they did, the soldiers on the walls saw two open hatches on each ship filled with Virgans who aimed their rifles and quickly fired.  Bullets split chainmail and pierced armor on a direct hit and several fell from the wall.  
"Cannon!  Rocketeers!"  Bernart pushed through men as they returned fire.  He was trying to get to the nearest gun crew.  "Target them!" 
One cannon fired a grapeshot that blew pellets across the sides of one ship.  The craft was only minimally damaged, but several soldiers fell from the hatch due to their injuries.  As those two ships stayed aloft and drew the Leonans' fire, three more vessels landed behind them and released their complement of some eighty soldiers each.  The commander saw this and yelled again.
"Rocketeers!  Ships on the ground!"
Another gun crew rotated their battery of four rockets and pointed it under the hovering vessels.  Once the fuses were lit, the men ducked and the projectiles launched from the wall.  Their paths were erratic with one striking the ground near no one and another veering off toward the river.  One, however, landed in the midst of a company of blue-coated Virgan soldiers and exploded, sending more than a dozen flying.  Another rocket hit the side of a ship as soldiers left it.  Its fuel lines ruptured, engulfing it in flames, and forcing it to spiral away before it exploded.
The cannon teams fired again, this time with solid shot and the damage was quickly evident.  Both hovering ships turned and one trailed smoke as it listed toward the river.  The commander felt relief for a moment before he saw more Virgan ships overhead and higher up.
"Rocketeers!  Fire!"
He ran from the battlements on the outer wall and down into the city.  Rockets streaked overhead and missed a ship that was lowering to the city square.  Several soldiers opened fire with their rifles and Bernart admonished them.
"Save it for the men!"
Now two ships were landing in the avenue and the commander looked back to see why the cannon weren't firing.  His eyes widened when he realized the problem.  They were pointed out and there wasn't enough room on the battlements to turn them around to face inside.  He looked toward the inner wall and the battlements there.  There were guncrews along it, but less than half the number of those on the outer wall.
Virgan soldiers poured from the ships and immediately fired their rifles.  Leonans fell and others returned fire.  Some leapt from their ship with swords in hand and began slashing.  Bernart drew his and fixed his eyes on them.
A third Virgan ship landed in the city.  Two others headed for the inner courtyard.  One ship slowly maneuvered overhead and dropped small devices to the ground which exploded shortly after.  The ships didn't hesitate to drop them among the wooden buildings of the city, either.
Bernart swept his blade across his path and a Virgan woman's torso split open.  She fell and shook, but he stepped over her and slashed at another soldier.  That man's mail fared better at first and he hacked at the commander with his short sword.  Under his jacket, however, there were a few plates of armor sewn in place, so the Virgan's blade did no damage.  Bernart reached back and then thrust forward with all his weight, pushing the sword into the younger man's belly.  Inside the open hatch of the nearest ship, a soldier raised her rifle and took aim.  Through the smoke of exploded grenades, the commander saw this and pivoted his sword to bring the dying body of the enemy between them.  She fired and the bullet tore into the dead man's back, spraying blood onto Bernart's face.  He lifted up, ran forward to the ship, and then managed to stab the soldier as she tried to scramble from the hatch.
A grenade exploded behind him and the commander was thrown into the ship.  He shook his head and looked up see the silver helmet of a Virgan officer.  Bernart pulled on his sword's handle, but the weight of two bodies impaled upon it was too much and he couldn't draw it in time.  As he reared back to kick, the officer's chest appeared to sprout an arrow and he stumbled away.  Two more leapt into him and he slumped against a far wall.  The commander turned and saw a squad of Leo archers stand and run toward more action.  
Once he managed to wrest his longsword free of his foe, Bernart ran between the vessels and saw the scope of the battle nearest him.  More than two hundred Virgans were now engaged in combat within the main street of the city with squads of enemy running into the side streets.  Two ships passed overhead firing rifles and throwing grenades into the Leonan forces.  Cannon on the inner walls fired on the landed ships as rockets streaked uselessly toward the circling vessels and missed.
The commander caught his breath and then climbed atop a wagon.  "Push them to the inner courtyard!  Keep them out of the city!"
The difference between the pale Virgan blue and the darker Leonan blue became lost among blood, smoke, and confusion.  Some friendly blades found their way into the limbs of comrades, though most landed true among their enemy.  As the numbers of the defenders swelled, the invaders became corralled against the inner wall and the sides of buildings.  Soldiers from above fired down on them as the ones surrounding them did, too.  In minutes, the city's main avenue appeared clear.  Bernart and his infantry ran through the inner gate and found the courtyard to be a different situation.  
Hundreds of Virgan soldiers were pounding against the gate of the keep.  Four ships had landed, though two were now in flames.  A fifth was moving in to land but nearby cannon unloaded on it.  Its fuel tank exploded and poured fire and debris onto its own soldiers before it crashed into the battlements of the inner wall.  When Bernart looked for his men, he found that there were none on the ground in sight; only on the walls around and behind him in the city.  The Virgans saw them and charged their position.  This gate will become a chokepoint.  "Attack!  Run!  Now!"
Only six soldiers abreast could charge through the gate and into the inner courtyard at once.  The commander ran to the stairs and up to the inner battlements.  He faced a guncrew and yelled, "Fire on the soldiers!"
The large cylinder was still smoking from its last barrage against a circling ship.  A tamper hefted a piled of chains and spilled it into the barrel.  Two others turned the cannon and tipped it down.  As they heard the chains begin to slide out, it fired.  Smoke billowed off the wall and toward the ground as a gush of blood and soil blasted up from the invaders like a fountain.  The solid shot that had already been loaded tore through the chests of three Virgans and the legs of five others.  The chains whipped into the storming crowd, decapitating one and seriously injuring many more.  
"Again!"  Bernart yelled as he ran to another guncrew.
The first blast had slowed the enemy advance toward the city and more Leonans were pouring into the inner courtyard.  We need more time!  He looked toward the gate of the keep and saw that there were several Virgans still there.  Suddenly, they fled.  The commander's heart sank and the gate exploded.  The keep was exposed.  Hearing the blast behind them, most of the Virgans turned and ran back to their earlier position, ready to storm the keep itself.  A trick!  The push back to the city was a feint!
Bernart ran along the battlements to get to the bridge that linked with the keep.  He looked back and saw that half of his soldiers were now in the inner courtyard, but they were stalled by the portion of Virgans who remained to fight them at that gate.
As he crossed the bridge, he looked up to the main tower and saw a Virgan ship hover there.  Its hatch was open and dozens of soldiers leapt from it to the tower.  He knew they would assault his soldiers all the way down as the Virgans tried to meet up with their other comrades.  Cannon fire ripped from the battlements and tore into the ship.  It crashed against the top of the tower and its stone wall before skidding down its height.  Bernart began to run again, but it collapsed onto the bridge, destroying it and the commander.

"Signal the cavalry!  Recall them!" Willeme said.  The keep rocked and she looked toward the ceiling.  "What was that?"
"A ship on the tower!" an archer said.  "Soldiers are atop the tower!"
"Go."  She walked into the hallway and looked into the inner courtyard through a small window.  There was a fire alongside the keep's main tower and the battlement bridge had been destroyed.  "Where are you, commander?"  
"Lieutenant, there are more enemy ships coming!"
She had heard no horns since the start of the battle.  There were no new flags raised.  She had seen no runners.  She and the commander had planned for an assault, but the ferocity and speed of this one made those plans useless.  Willeme closed her eyes for a second until she felt another explosion shake the tower.  When she opened her eyes again, she looked toward the nearest serjeants and soldiers.  "Until we hear news to the contrary, we shall believe the commander dead and myself in his place."
"Understood."
"Was the signal sent?"
"Yes, lieutenant.  Though we did not receive a reply.  The iron tower was destroyed when …"
"Yes."  She faced a runner, "Go to the city's wardens and begin an evacuation.  Sound the bells."
"Yes."  He started to run but she yelled.
"Wait!  The people should leave through the postern gates and seek refuge in the forest for now."
"Yes!"  He took off again.
"Soldiers."  She looked at the six people around her.  "Draw swords.  On me."  
She ran through the hall and toward the main stairs.  Screams echoed in the stone chasm of the well and they looked up to see a Leo archer slumped against the railing.  Willeme charged up the stairs with the point of her sword leading the way.  After the next level, she leaned against the wall to catch her breath and she saw the eyes of a Virgan looking down on her.  
She ran from her position and up the next flight.  Rifles fired above her and the bullets struck some of her men, but others glanced off the stone wall.  Willeme reached the gun crew as they reloaded and she stabbed two before they knew she was there.  She kicked one man's rifle over the side, sending him scrambling up the stairs.  She sliced another Virgan across the face causing his flesh to dangle and forcing the young man to scream and cower in the corner, clutching his cheek and pressing it against his exposed skull, until another Leonan soldier stabbed him in the neck.
"Onward!" she cried out as she chased a group of swordsmen up to the next level where they stood their ground.  They sliced their blades down at her as she still tried to ascend the stairs, but she lunged forward and hacked at their feet and legs.  Two men fell and pulled a third with them.  Seeing the opening, Willeme and the others surged ahead and stabbed their way through the group.  A Virgan was tossed over the railing and fell.  Two Leonans.  They pushed again and made it to the top of the tower and emerged into the sun.
The lieutenant got a glimpse of someone in a green jacket with a metallic pin on her chest.  An officer.  Willeme again stabbed and sliced through several soldiers.  Then a bullet pierced her side.  She stumbled away from the fight and the soldiers who followed her up pressed ahead, slaying the riflemen.  Hearing the roar of her men and seeing their success, she felt renewed and she ran around the mass of fighting and again saw the officer.  The southern side of the short battlements along the top of the tower were ablaze from the spilled fuel and crash of the transport that deposited the enemy here.  Still, Willeme jumped atop the wall and ran along the side and through the fire until she leapt upon the Virgan officer, slicing through her swordarm.
As they rolled on the stone, Willeme yelled, "Surrender!"
The Virgan grunted, "Never."
The lieutenant stabbed the officer through the nape of her neck and down into her chest.  The woman shook for a moment before she slumped off Willeme's blade.  Once the lieutenant stood again, only three Virgans remained and they threw down their swords.  She held her side and felt the blood there.  As she tried to catch her breath, she heard distant explosions and screams.  
When she turned, she looked down from the tower at all of Turon.  A dozen Virgan ships had landed in the fields beyond the outer wall.  Hundreds of soldiers were gathered and swarming toward the outer gate.  They had set up cannon, too, and were bombarding the city with flaming shot.  The wooden structures were on fire and it moved swiftly about the ring of the city.  The city's square was crowded with wrecked ships but she saw no Virgans there.  She still saw many Leonans on the outer wall and at the gatehouse firing down into the massing invaders.  She stepped onto a portion of the stone tower's wall and carefully looked down into the inner courtyard.  It, too, was crowded with five Virgan ships and they had been disabled or were on fire.  A mass of Virgans was heading toward the keep and they seemed to be entering unmolested.
"What are your orders, commander?" someone asked.
Willeme steadied herself.  "Where is Lieutenant Lohier?"
"Commander Bernart sent him as liaison to the city wardens."
She looked toward the north side where the buildings were not yet burning.  "Runner.  Go to him and tell him to take command of every soldier he sees and to lead them through the north gate into the courtyard.  Tell him the keep has fallen."  A young man looked around, confused.  "Help him descend with the supply rope."
A group of men went with him and they lowered a bucket over the side of the battlements, away from the sight of Virgan forces.  After a few moments, the runner was being lowered down the side of the main tower.  
"When he is free, bring the rope to me."
Willeme left the top of the tower and entered the main stairwell.  She looked down the eleven storeys and saw Virgan soldiers ascending.  Battles still raged on each of the levels, however, as the keep's defenders sought to delay them.  While she watched, a serjeant came to her holding the bucket.
"Get the rope over that beam."  She pointed at the ceiling of the well.
The serjeant twirled the bucket a few times and threw.  First, it banged against the side of the wooden beam.  On the second attempt, it banked off the stone ceiling and fell on the other side.  He held the rope firmly and the bucket dangled in the well.
"Lower it."  He complied and when it came even to her, she said, "Stop."
She turned and faced the men and women who had ascended the tower with her and survived.  "The torch, please."  Another serjeant turned and removed the fiery rod from the wall.  "I am afraid that there is little else to do."
A woman asked, "The magazine?"
"I am sorry that I could do no more."  The soldiers stiffened and nodded their heads.  Two men gripped the rope and held it tightly.
The lieutenant turned and climbed over the edge of the railing until she was sitting on it.  Then she jumped.  Her foot landed in the bucket as she planned and she fumbled for a second to grab the rope without dropping the torch.  When she rotated back around to face them, she said, "You will have to lower me as quickly as possible.  Once I am down, draw swords again and fight until the last."
"Yes, commander."
She looked into the dim chasm and saw the fighting on every level beneath her.  She took a deep breath and said, "Down."
The men let out the rope, hand over hand, as fast as they could.  Willeme descended rather quickly, but not fast enough to escape attention.  A Virgan turned to fire on her at one level, but he was stabbed before he could get off a shot.  On the level below that, two saw her and one fired, but missed.  The other soldier swiped at her with his sword but couldn't reach her or the rope.  He was thrown over the side by a Leo soldier and he screamed until the bottom.  The rope jerked and she descended more quickly before it jerked again and she nearly stopped.  She looked up but couldn't see what was happening five levels above.  She began to move again and she noticed that there were fewer Leonan soldiers on these lower levels to fend off the invaders.  She was even with the second level when she saw a squad of riflemen on the ground level below her aim and prepare to fire.  She decided to jump.  When she fell, she dropped more than fifteen meters because there were another two full levels in the keep below the ground.
She rolled away and laid on her back.  She was surrounded by darkness and she looked up into the circle of the stairwell and the tunnel of chaos above and throughout the tower.  Swords smashed into each other and into stone, ringing out and echoing in the well.  Staggered fusillades of rifle shots blasted about and became a loud, distorted roar.  A Leonan was thrown from the fourth level and fell near her.  The sound of the man's skull impacting on the floor caused her to take her first breath.
Willeme realized as she did that she hadn't breathed since she jumped from the rope.  At this same moment, a wave of cold washed over her and her limbs quaked, except for one.  She propped herself up and saw that her left leg was broken; the femur was split and had pierced her skin and clothes.  As she moved, blood gushed and she felt light headed.
She rolled onto her right to look for the torch.  She found it resting beside the mangled body of a Virgan swordsman who had fallen here some time before.  Another body fell behind her as she retrieved the torch.  She shook and closed her eyes before looking up and seeing the storage room door.  She scrambled over the Virgan's body and then through a pool of someone's blood.  A sword clattered against the floor near her and was soon followed by its owner.  
After nearly a minute, Willeme reached the door.  She pulled herself up, breathing hard through her teeth, and leaned against the wall.  After she lifted the two latches and pushed the door open, she raised the torch.  There she saw the barrels of powder and the canisters of fuel for the rockets.  She glanced back into the stairwell before she hopped two steps into the room and threw open the top of a powder barrel.  Blood had trailed behind her and now pooled beneath her.  She grew dizzy.  Her left foot moved in an automatic attempt to stabilize herself, and she nearly passed out from the pain.  She took another deep breath, closed her eyes, and lowered the torch into the barrel.

Lieutenant Yvain pushed the horse harder toward the banks of the Liga River.  Turon was on the distant horizon, but between the cavalry and the city sat more than a dozen Virgan ships.  Smoke rose from the homes and shops within the walls and cannonfire reverberated, with puffs of smoke appearing from the battlements and the ground seconds before they were heard.
"Does the keep burn?!" his serjeant yelled over the sound of their hooves.
Yvain squinted and tried to discern what smoke was coming from where.  "I cannot say!"
They rode on for several moments until the tall tower at the center of the city burst.  From the bottom, a blast rippled up along the cylinder and sprayed stone, smoke, and fire in every direction.  The two smaller towers on either side tilted and toppled in the explosion.  All the horses came to a stop and watched the dark orange fire pour into the sky and billow under itself.  A wind pressed against their faces and then came the sound.  It hurt their ears and caused most of the soldiers to clasp their hands against their heads.  Yvain, however, stared at what was left and the rising column of smoke.
"Lieutenant," the serjeant said, "what are we to do?"
Yvain blinked and closed his mouth.  "The keep is no more, yet the enemy remains."  He turned on his horse and saw the shocked expressions on his three hundred soldiers' faces.  "We ride!  We will trample the Virgans under us!  We will take their ships!  We will win this day!"  He raised his sword up and screamed, "For Turon!"
"For Turon!"
In a fury, the cavalry stormed up the Liga and they were unseen by the Virgans.  Only in the last moments did the Virgan soldiers outside the city's walls know of their approach, but it was too late.  Almost half of the invaders were swept aside in the first moments.  Many of the Leonans abandoned their horses and ran to the enemy cannon that had been firing into the city.  They turned the barrels and blasted them at the remainder of the Virgan soldiers and spun them again toward the open gate where a group of Virgans were massing to take back their ships.  Fireshot sprayed into them, sending dozens into a frenzy that led to their jumping into the river.  With the landing zone and ships secured, Yvain led the rest of his cavalry over the burning bodies and into the city.  There, in the square, they met the approach of Lieutenant Lohier. 
"The Virgan ships are ours," Yvain said.  He looked over the inner wall to where the tower once stood.
"There may be some stragglers among the buildings, but we will get them."  Lohier sheathed his sword and then wiped the side of his face.  Blood from his ears flowed freely.  "We could use your men to aid with the fires."
"Of course."  He stared, openmouthed, at the smoke.  "Is that all?" Yvain asked.
"The bulk of their soldiers were in the keep.  Hundreds of them."
The horseman came off his steed.  "Then the Virgans did not do this."
"No.  A messenger told me that the commander was dead and Willeme was in command atop the tower."
Yvain looked at the smoke again.  "She denied them their victory."
"I believe so."  Lohier noticed that a crowd of horses and soldiers now pressed around them.  He spoke loudly and said, "Leo will never forget Turon!"  

In orbit days later, Virgan supply ships held their positions and waited for a signal.
"Ceres, this is Minerva fleet," a speaker crackled.  "Ceres, this is Minerva fleet."
An officer awakened and turned toward the controls.  "Ceres Four.  Ceres Four.  Welcome to Leo, Minerva fleet."
"We have your signal and we are bearing now.  We are bearing toward you now."
"Understood, Minerva.  Understood, Minerva."
"Shall we re-," static, "-ing?  Shall we remain docked for refueling?"
The officer smirked.  "Please, Minerva.  Please."
In the crossing of space between the worlds, Virgan ships linked together, side to side to side and so on, to share resources and provide greater living area for the many soldiers.  Also, the supply ships were able to refuel them all at once by linking to one on the outer edge, if they remained together and their fuel tanks and lines were linked.  The Virgan captain had just saved the Leonan officer from having to ask.
"Clamps?" the Leonan called out.
Through the voice tube, he heard, "Ready."
Minutes later, a cluster of ten connected Virgan ships slowed their approach and Ceres Four moved to meet them.  "Stand ready."
"Engage clamps."
"Engaged."
"Ready for fuel."
The officer turned off his communications unit and said, "Pumps."
The massive supply ship now moved hundreds of liters of sea water into the Virgan attack vessels.  They wouldn't know until they tried to engage their engines.  But now, however, came the delicate operation to sabotage their systems so they couldn't call for aid once the ruse was known.
The supply ships could also recharge power cells when docked.  The crew in the work compartment extended the energy probe and it clicked into the side of the connected ship.  Then, after disconnecting one set of cables and connecting a new set, two men set about turning a pair of large cranks.  Electricity was generated from the device and it flowed into the Virgan vessels.
"How much longer on the pumps?" the officer asked.
"Their tanks are at one-quarter now."
"Let us wait until half."
The officer turned up the dial on the communications station.  He wanted to hear the sound of the Virgans' signal.  It was there, a simple static.  He looked down to make sure he had the correct channel, and it was.  Then the static grew louder.  And louder.  Finally, as the fragile circuits overloaded from the excess of power, the static vanished.
"Their communications are gone."  The officer moved into the pilot's seat.  "Stand ready to release the clamps."
"Ready."
"Tanks are one-half full," a crewman reported.
"Disengage the pumps."
After turning the proper dials, the Leonan looked at his home before him.  He smiled and pushed the throttle forward.  The supply ship lurched forward and began to drift to the starboard, thanks to the linked mass.  Once he corrected for this, they were barreling toward Leo at full speed. 
"Stand ready to release," he said.
One of the Virgan captains knew that something was wrong and tried to engage their own engines.  The resulting explosion destroyed them and caused the linked eleven vessels to begin a spin.
"Disengage!"
As the gravitational forces increased, the crewmen in the back fought against the strain.  The clamps didn't budge, but the emergency release worked, explosively removing the docking ring from the supply ship.  While Ceres Four righted itself and then safely returned to the surface, the ten ships of Minerva Part One spiraled into the atmosphere where they were destroyed.
XXXIII
GUNNOR
773 Years After Colonization

"Bishop, we have been summoned to the palace."
Rolant looked up from his desk and saw Forebishop Graye standing in his door.  He nodded quickly and said, "Yes, of course."  He put a cork in the ink well and took his robe off the back of the tall chair.  After he slid into it, he walked to the entrance of his study and bowed before the forebishop.  The older man said nothing and turned away.
Gunnor walked just behind and to the left of him.  A humbling position and he had felt so since his arrival.  He had been pressed by the queen, princes, princesses, dukes, forebishops, and bishops on all that transpired on Leo, especially with regards to his failed trial of the governor.  For months, he had been writing a diary of his term on the Council of Leo on the order of the Virgan forebishop and providing his analysis when asked.  He could only assume that something had happened with regard to Leo for him to be included in the royal summons.
"Forebishop," Kelton said.
Graye bowed toward her.  "Forebishop."  The old woman walked alongside her comrade and paid no heed to Gunnor's presence.
"Have you been told the cause of this summons?"
"I was told only that it deals with Leo."
"Mm."  She ticked her head back a little, but not enough to actually look at Rolant.  "Perhaps word has returned of the assault."
Gunnor straightened a little.  He knew a force of ships had been launched, but he had no idea how many, nor did he know their aims.
"Likely, I would think, given the number of months since their departure."
"Yet no signal," Kelton said.  "This is curious."
"I would say 'concerning,' forebishop."  Rolant looked over his shoulder and saw the approach of the newest forebishop of the Queen's Council and, by far, the youngest.  
Both turned back long enough to verify that it was Sterling and Graye said, "Forebishop."
He tugged on the front of his ornate robe and looked at Gunnor.  "Bishop."
Rolant smiled and nodded back.  "Forebishop."  Perhaps due to his youth, Sterling had always been comparatively friendly to him since his arrival, even asking questions about Leo that had nothing to do with politics.
They left the Temple of the Pantheon and began their walk along the paths of the Long March.  It was a kilometer in length with lush blue-green grass maintained on either side of the stone walkway.  At the halfway mark, there was an intersection that led pedestrians to the Palace Gardens on the left and the lovely banks of the Tyburn River on the right.  The forebishops and Gunnor kept walking, however, toward Castle Aurelius which filled the view ahead.
The Queen's Council walked in silence the entire way.  As they approached the main entrance to the upper ward, they saw dozens of supplicants waiting behind a guarded chain, as they often did.  Members of the royal court were gathered by the doors and chattering away, again, as they often did.  The two royal guards dressed in silver and bright blue finery saw the approach of the Council and pulled open the tall doors.  The members of the court bowed toward the forebishops and the group entered the main hall of the palace.
The talking continued behind them as the court followed them inside and they met with more members in the hall.  After passing centuries of art, the Council were led through a gauntlet of attendants and into the main throne room.
The cavernous space's lines and décor drew all eyes toward the throne.  The ornate chair sat on a raised platform twelve steps above the floor.  Twelve guards lined the staircase on both sides, each separated by a step.  The chamberlain stood atop the platform just behind the queen's throne and dressed in his typical black and blue long jacket.
Queen Æthelswith herself was seated on the throne.  Her dress was as intricate as always.  A golden white dotted with gems and its seams threaded with gold.  She wore a thin golden crown atop her high auburn hair.  Her face was caked white with makeup and lined with color on her cheeks and lips.  She held in her hand the scepter of the royal family, supposedly crafted from the metal of the ship that brought the first colonists to Virgo.
The audience was already full and more members of the court pressed in behind them.  They turned and watched the approach of the Queen's Council, the three priests who advised her majesty in all matters.  Another ancient tradition from the time of colonization.  To the queen's right at the bottom of the stairs, Princess Osburh stood beside their brother, Prince Cuthred.  As general of Virgo's forces, he wore a white uniform jacket studded with medals, honor cords, and ribbons.  Once the Council took their place to the queen's left at the bottom of the stairs, the chamberlain stepped forward.
"Bring him in."
The doors opened and a Virgan officer wearing his space garment but with its helmet removed was carried into the chamber by two other Virgans.  Gunnor was confused at first, thinking that perhaps the man was under arrest, but he could see that the guards were gentle with him and trying to help him walk.  They stopped at the bottom of the stairs and the officer dropped to his knees.  "Your majesty," his voice croaked.
"Captain Elis Otger," the chamberlain announced.
"Raise him up," Æthelswith said.  The guards lifted him again.  
"Yes, your majesty."
"Give us your report."
Otger cleared his throat and stood as straight as he could.  "On approach to Leo, we received fewer signals from supply vessels than we expected.  Regardless, our group commander ordered Diana to dock for refueling.  My vessel could not as we experienced an electrical issue, thus we detached from our cluster."
The queen furrowed her brow and said, "We care not for the details.  Speak of what you encountered."
He nodded and licked his lips.  "I did not hear from our group commander again.  We tried to hear other groups on other channels, yet heard nothing.  I grew suspicious and quieted our communications so we might hear any transmissions.  We remained in orbit for two weeks and heard nothing on Virgan channels.  We did hear transmissions on other channels."
The audience was quiet and they leaned forward in anticipation.  Gunnor felt a lump in his throat and his breathing quickened.
"They were Leonan, your majesty.  They were feeding reports to their commanders on how many Virgan ships they destroyed."  A gasp echoed in the throne room and there was a clamor in the back.  "They also spoke of the defeat of the first battle groups to arrive days before."
"What of those Virgan soldiers loyal to the crown?  Those who remained even after Caesar's rebellion began?"  The queen glanced at the chamberlain and continued, "We have heard there were many thousands eagerly awaiting the arrival of our forces, harrying the rebels to bide their time."  
"I know naught of their numbers or successes, your majesty, but I did hear messages from the surface relaying the defeat of those soldiers loyal to the crown."  Gunnor kept his head low and looked up toward the throne.  He saw the queen grip and rub the scepter tightly and he thought he saw her grinding her teeth.
"What then?" she asked.
"We transcribed as many Leonan transmissions as we could and then we feared for our fuel, food, and supplies.  Without a support craft, we knew we must depart Leo at once, thus we did."
Rolant then realized this man had been in the near-zero gravity of space for more than five months, plus he had rationed his food.  It is no wonder he needs aid to stand.
"You will give your transcriptions to your commanders," the queen said.
"Yes, your majesty."
"Why did you not transmit this information to Virgo?"  The queen's voice echoed in the deathly silent chamber and the captain grew afraid.  "Had you done so, we would have received this news two months prior."
"Yes, your majesty."  Otger wobbled again and licked his lips, "We could spare no power for transmission, your majesty, if we were to attempt to return to Virgo and maintain our life systems."  Æthelswith scoffed and he continued, "In addition, your majesty, we could not be certain that our messages, as valuable as they are, would have been received."
Curt, she flicked her hand toward the door.  "Take him."
As he was led out, the room broke out into chatter again and both Osburh and Æthelswith locked eyes.  Once the guards left and the doors closed, the queen looked at her brother.  "General Cuthred."
He turned and bowed toward the throne.  "Your majesty."
"Do you believe this captain's report?  That all our battle groups have been lost?"
"I do, your majesty.  I have no reason to doubt it."
She pursed her lips and inhaled loudly.  "How many ships?"
The prince thought for a moment.  "Thirty each in the Mars, Vulcan, Minerva, and Diana battle groups.  Twenty in the Ceres supply group.  One hundred forty, excepting the captain's."  Another gasp rose from the audience.
"How many souls?"
"Nearly a thousand among the ships' personnel.  More than six thousand soldiers."  Talk emerged again, as well as a few hisses.  The chamberlain stepped forward and tapped his cane on the platform loudly until all was quiet.  Cuthred, for his part, maintained a steady gaze at his elder sister.
Æthelswith glared at him.  With a rage barely contained, she spoke in short bursts, "You told us, that these Leonans, were backward!  They were like children!  They knew only what they were taught by us!  Primitives, they were!  Raised up by Virgo at great expense!  You said they would be fortunate to maintain the fleet of ships they still had!"  When the general didn't respond, she barked, "What changed?"
"I had been assured of the same things by the Queen's Council, your majesty."  He then faced the forebishops as a new clamor began in the audience.  Gunnor kept his head low and looked toward the floor.  His mind raced.
"Forebishop Graye," the queen faced him, "how do you answer this charge?"
The eldest member of the Council stepped away from the others and bowed toward the throne.  "Your majesty," his thin voice barely carried in the chamber, "I provided to Lord General Cuthred the best of the information we could glean from the defector."
The audience booed and hissed again.  Gunnor's eyes widened and he kept his head low, knowing they were jeering him.  He waited for the chamberlain's cane to silence them, but he did not tap it.
Rolant's stomach sank and he felt sweat along his forehead.  His breathing quickened again and in a near panic, he rushed between Kelton and Sterling, brushed past Graye, and threw himself onto the floor at the foot of the stairs.  With his head and palms on the floor, he cried out, "Your majesty!  Forgive my impertinence, but the forebishop does not speak true!"
All the court shouted and yelled.  Graye nearly staggered backward and he clutched the front of his robe before turning toward the other forebishops in shock.  Finally, the chamberlain banged his cane until all went silent.
"Bishop," Æthelswith began, "we gave you leave to remain on Virgo if you continued your service to the crown and to the temple."
"Yes, your majesty!"  He was still prostrated before the throne.
"And that you would provide as much knowledge as you might regarding Leo and its defense."
He looked up and yelled, "And thus have I, your majesty!"  His head swooned from the blood rush but he blinked through the dizziness and swayed before continuing, "Before the launch, I spoke at length with Forebishop Graye.  I advised him on strongholds across Leo and where I knew there to be storehouses of fuel and ammunition.  Maintenance for ships.  The mining communities and their processing locations."
"Thus was I advised," Cuthred said.
Gunnor looked at him and said, "Did Forebishop Graye speak of the cunning of Governor Caesar?  Or of his chamberlain, Amee Sanson?  The captain of his guard, Alys Wace?  The rigid, exhaustive training she imposes upon all in her charge?  In my talk with Forebishop Graye, I did not say that Leo was a world of children, unmoored without the parentage of Virgo.  I said that they are a resilient people and resourceful.  I said, if they were attacked, they would fight to the end.  I said, if they knew an attack was forthcoming, they would be ready in ways that may surprise you."  
"He said none of these things."
Then Rolant faced Graye and asked, "Did you not remind the general that Caesar has the sacred texts?  That he and his band of scholars may have devised weapons or defenses from them?  That they may have altered their vessels to ferry weapons of your sort?  I warned you of this and you dismissed me in the room, saying they have not had enough time, but I said plainly, 'Underestimate Jehan Caesar at your peril.'"
The forebishop shook his head and looked at the queen.  "I will not continue to hear such lies, your majesty."
"'Lies,'" Gunnor repeated.  The bishop remained on his knees, but he sat up and faced the queen with a firm expression.  "Your majesty, you recall my arrival a year ago and my humiliation in this room.  My justified humiliation."
"We do."
"I underestimated Governor Caesar and I lost everything because of him.  I would not do so again."  He glanced at Graye and said, "From that failure and humiliation, I learned to be prepared and to have transcripts of all that I do so there would be no question of my statements and actions.  A scribe was present at the time of my conversation with the forebishop," Graye turned toward Gunnor, "and I have the text of it in my study."  Chattering emerged again in the court.
"You will produce it."
"Of course," he bowed, "your majesty."  He looked at Cuthred and asked, "Do you, your highness, have a transcript of your meeting with Forebishop Graye?"
"I do."
"Please, compare it to mine.  You will find that Forebishop Graye did not share all with you that I shared with him."  He looked at the queen and extended his arms, palms upward.  "I am at your mercy, your majesty."
Æthelswith nodded and looked from Graye, who now lowered his head, toward the prince.  "Fetch the documents and compare them."  Cuthred whispered into an attendant's ear who nodded and ran toward Gunnor.
"Where are the transcripts?"
He whispered, "In my study at the Temple.  The drawers behind my desk, in the bottom.  It is in a blue-bound volume titled 'Graye.'"  The attendant nodded and ran out.
"Bishop Gunnor," the queen began, "you will remain in the palace under guard until the documents have been reviewed.  Then you shall be either punished or rewarded."
He smiled and rose.  "Thank you, your majesty."  He walked back toward the Council and took his usual place, though he kept his head up.
"Your majesty," the prince said, "what are your wishes concerning Leo at this point?"
She hesitated for a moment and looked across the crowded chamber.  Then, Æthelswith said, "Lord General, if you have two hundred vessels that can depart for another invasion, we shall do it."
"I do not, your majesty."
"As we thought."  Her jaw flexed again and she rubbed the metal of the scepter.  "Therefore, Leo and Governor Caesar have a reprieve for the time.  We shall see how little like children they are when they are left to their own means."  Whispering raged in the audience and she heard it.  "Think not that they are free!"  The people went quiet and she began to growl, "Think not that they are free.  They will be lulled until we decide to strike.  General," she looked at her brother, "rebuild your ships.  Raise your armies.  They will have a war to fight."
"Yes, your majesty."
The queen rose from her throne and everyone bowed or went to their knees.  She walked down the tall stairs effortlessly and then out of the throne room with her siblings and several guards behind her.  As the audience dispersed, the forebishops turned and faced Gunnor.  He was still smiling.
"What game are you playing?" Kelton asked.
Beaming, Rolant said, "It is no game.  As I said, I have learned from my past mistakes and now it shall benefit me."
Graye frowned and turned.  As he walked away, Kelton and Sterling shared a look.  Gunnor saw it and he knew that they perceived the older man's guilt in his sudden uncharacteristic departure.  
"Bishop Gunnor," the chamberlain said as he approached with a guard, "please come with us."
"Absolutely, my lord."  He walked with them in their custody and without fear because he knew the truth was on his side. 
XXXIV
ELE
774 Years After Colonization

"Are you happy?"
She turned from the window and faced her husband.  Disbelieving, she chuckled, "What?"
Kaeso entered the room more fully and stood near her against the wall.  "I am concerned for you.  I wish to ensure your happiness."
Ele smiled and reached toward him.  He took her hand lightly and she said, "I am happy."
The governor shook his head and looked away.  "How can you be?  With all that has transpired, our lives have been in turmoil."
"It may seem morbid to say, but turmoil provides a kind of excitement."
"Not the good kind, I wager."
"Not always," she said.  "Though I have enjoyed the moving of the capital and our home to Lomere."  He nodded and Ele noticed the furrowing of his brow and the heaviness of his lids.  "Of the many worries on your shoulders, why do you bother with me?"
Jehan looked up, surprised.  "You are my wife.  I have promised that you would be happy."
"And I have said that I am."
He bit his lower lip and released her hand.  He spoke softly, "Also, were you not happy, I would hope that I could make you so.  It would feel good to have a simple victory."
Ele laughed.  "You are the man who stopped the Virgan invasion!"
"I had very little to do with it."
"The people know not nor care the level of your involvement.  You are their leader and thus are you praised."
Kaeso crossed his arms over his chest and glanced out the window.  The forest and river were visible, as well as the nearby, low mountains.  "Were that only the end of it."
She studied him again and then asked, "Something new vexes you."
"What?"
"You have been laden with the worries of leadership for years, yet now I see that a new trouble lies on you."  She walked to her small table and sat.  She opened the tea pot to see if any remained, but it was empty.  "Sit, my husband.  Speak to your wife."
It took a moment, but the governor walked to the table and sat.  "You are perceptive, as always."
"Tell me."
"Tomorrow is the first meeting of the Leonan Assembly."
Ele smiled.  "I know you are proud."  A legislative gathering of more than one hundred leaders and representatives from every region of Leo, Kaeso had worked on this since the success of the committee that formed after his trial.  
"I am.  I have heard a rumor, however, that some persons may desire to name me," he paused and then sighed, "king."
Her eyebrows raised.  "King?"
"Yes."  He saw her smirk.  "Why do you smile?"
"It seems that your own words, spoken in anger, have returned to gnaw at you."  When she saw his confusion, she reminded him, "'Perhaps Leo needs its own king?'"
"Oh."  He shook his head.  
"Why does this trouble you?  You have acted as a king without the title or trappings for some time."
"Because I have ever only wanted all that is right for Leo and her people.  I have not done so for personal glory or enrichment."  
"On a just world, this is what a king should say."  She saw the surprise in his face and added, "I am sorry that we have only ever known the rule of my aunt.  Were she a queen worthy of love and loyalty, you might not feel so averse to a crown upon your head."
"Perhaps."  He leaned onto the table and rested his chin in his hand.  "I also fear what may come of it."
"What do you mean?"
"Virgo has had kings and queens for centuries.  In reading the history, it seems that only a small portion sought to better the lives of their people."
"You are worried about the future kings and queens of Leo?"
He nodded.  "I am."
Ele touched his arm.  "This cannot be your concern.  If you are made king then you need only rule as you have while governor.  Let the future learn by your example."
"Perhaps the danger could be avoided if we have no monarchy."
"Doubtful.  The Assembly will do what it wills both tomorrow and in a century.  They may choose a mad man as ruler or another good leader may arise.  Regardless, Leo is better with you as its leader."  He looked up from the table and into her eyes.  "You cannot stop the rising of the sun.  You may only decide what you will do while it is up."
He nodded and sat up straight.  "I thank you."
"I am pleased that I could make you happy."
He chuckled and, just as quickly, his expression fell again.  "I fear that a new problem will arise should the Assembly make me king."  He looked at her and said, "The question of issue returns to us."
Ele nodded.  She hadn't considered that.  Since the start of their rebellion against Virgo, she was happy to not deal with her mother's and aunt's commands on the matter.  "I see."
"Have you …"  He cleared his throat and began again, "Are you still … tending to your needs?"
She suppressed a smile at his discomfort and nodded, "With discretion."
"And I thank you."  Kaeso finally asked, "Is there a possibility of a child?"
"I suppose so.  I have taken precautions thus far."
Jehan stretched his neck.  "So there would be no need for you and I …"
"Not unless you have had a change of heart, husband."
He nodded quickly.  "I see.  Thank you.  We will discuss it another time."  He stood and walked around the table to her side.  She nearly stood, but he embraced her where she sat and he kissed the top of her head.  "I will see you later, my queen."
Her eyes opened wide and she froze.  He walked to the door, looked back, saw her expression, and smiled.  After he left, she sat at the table wondering for the first time in her adult life what it might mean to be a monarch.
XXXV
KAESO
780 Years After Colonization

"Your majesty."
It was difficult to turn in the suit, but he did.  "I am pleased to see you mobile again, chamberlain."
Sanson bowed a little and said, "I apologize for not having been available for so long."
"You were bedridden with a plague.  Your absence is excused."
"A 'plague' may be overstating things, yet I thank you."  He could see her anxiety but he didn't want to give in to it just yet.
"Any word from Troy?"
"No, your majesty."  Amee relaxed and moved toward the opposite wall so she could face him.  
"Not since the third shipment arrived."
"The fourth, your majesty."
Kaeso smiled and tightened the gasket around his wrist.  "When we seized the Virgan mining operations on that world, I thought we may be lucky to get two full loads of ore from it before they returned.  I am pleased to have been wrong."
"Indeed."  She was fidgeting behind her back.  He could see it.
"What of Redon?"
"There was a report this morning, yes.  The Great Temple has been rebuilt.  Again."
The king smiled and pulled his glove on.  While he connected it to his sleeve, he said, "Is the Assembly still asking that we not continue to rebuild the old capital?"
"They are.  They feel it is a waste of resources."
Jehan stopped what he was doing and looked at her.  "The Virgans focus their raids on a largely abandoned city and the mining communities, as though they do not realize we have moved our capital.  Thus, Lomere remains the safer."
"Lomere has been hit before."
"Quick raids.  Little damage.  We were as dozens of others in that large attack five years ago."
"And the year after that."  He glanced toward her quickly and she added, "Correct, your majesty."
As he clicked the cuffs together, he said, "I have no intention of changing our strategies at this stage."
"I understand." 
As he stood there in that dreadfully heavy and uncomfortable suit, he stared at her.  Kaeso saw her wide eyes and the fear she was keeping at bay.  "Speak, Amee."
She exhaled and her shoulders collapsed.  "What are you doing?"
The king nodded and picked up his golden helmet.  "I am doing what I must."
"No, you are not."  Jehan's eyes widened.  "You are doing what you have set your mind to and that is not the same as 'what you must.'"
"It is necessary, for two reasons."
Sanson said, "Very well."
"Firstly, it is necessary for politics here.  On word of the first success, many in the Assembly felt we should celebrate and withdraw from the endeavor altogether.  I have fought them to push it further and this," he held his arms out from himself, "will seal the scroll.  They cannot deny it once the king has so plainly endorsed it and used it."
The chamberlain sighed.  "Second?"
"It is necessary for politics on Virgo.  We have our spies as they likely have theirs.  We have heard of their successes, but also their failures."
"And we have had our share, as well."
"Yes, however their failures have slowed them.  Ours have spurred us on.  How will the queen react when she hears that we have been successful beyond their reckoning?  Perhaps they will stop their raids on Leo.  Perhaps they will no longer attack our vessels in the Ouranos Belt."
"Perhaps," she walked closer to him, "or perhaps they will increase their aggressions, feeling that they are backed into a corner."
Kaeso grinned and said, "I have missed your counsel these last two weeks."
She did not smile.  She looked away.  "In the last two weeks, had I been present, you might have averted this suicide."
"It is not suicide …"
Now she seemed angry and looked at him directly, fiercely.  "The first success was barely a year ago."
"There were eight successful unmanned tests after that."
"And four that failed."
"And five successful manned tests."
"And two that failed," her voice broke at the last.
Jehan sighed and put his thick-gloved hand on her shoulder.  "I have the greatest confidence in our scholars and the crew."
"That may do for you, but it does little for me."  Her anger was gone and he could see the beginnings of a tear in one eye.  "What does the queen say?"
He repositioned the helmet in his left arm and said, "You will be pleased to know that my wife very ably pleaded your case after I first made the decision."  He then grumbled, "And every day thereafter."
"If we both feel so strongly, perhaps we shouldn't be so dismissed."
He stepped toward the door and said, "I am not dismissing either of you.  I simply see that the benefits far outweigh the risks."
Sanson put her hand on his arm and he looked down at it.  She withdrew and straightened.  "Farewell, your majesty."
He smiled and left the room.  After a walk down the corridor, he emerged by the landing field outside Agathe where most of the testing had been taking place.  A crowd of people, workers, soldiers, courtiers, attendants, and more were waiting.  Hundreds gathered, overlooking the field and a small stand had been erected by the edge.  When the king appeared, a cheer went up and banners were waved high.  Musicians played their drums and blew their trumpets.  Purple flags with golden lions fluttered in the wind and Kaeso walked toward the platform.
An announcer boomed, "His royal majesty, King Jehan!"
He waved and smiled to the people as he walked onto the stage.  "Thank you!" he shouted.  The announcer bowed and gestured toward the device he had used and Kaeso walked toward it.  "Thank you all."  His voice echoed out of metal boxes and across the field.  "This is a triumphant day for all Leo.  We have already proven that we are resourceful and now we shall prove that we are powerful, as well."  The crowd roared and Jehan said, "It is by the strength and hard work of our people, by our intelligence and wisdom, by our determination and fortitude, that we have reclaimed a gift of the gods.  Soon, all of Leo shall benefit from it."
As the people cheered again, he turned toward the captain and the crew of their vessel.  The eight men and women bowed toward him and the king said, "No, captain.  Please, the crowd is for you, too."  He took a place beside them and all nine bowed to the audience.  Then, they filed off the platform and walked through a gauntlet of Leo guards in ceremonial dark blue and gold.  At the end of the path sat the test ship Ajurner.
It was built from its chassis out anew, though it appeared to be two standard Virgan-style attack ships stuck together.  The simple shape was good for the physics involved and they needed the extra space for the two engines.  Both had been charging here in the field for the last four days.  Its hull was clean and appeared like a dull silver.  A purple and gold stripe had been painted across the hull and the royal seal of Leo was attached to the hatch.  As he neared the vessel, he saw his wife and the chamberlain to one side.
Kaeso walked toward them and the crew bowed toward the queen.  He saw the same restrained feelings in her that he had seen in Sanson just a while before.  
"My queen."
She was smiling.  "My king."
They embraced and he felt her shake as her arms reached around him.  He whispered, "Please do not force yourself to smile.  I know it to be false."
"Appearances, my dear."  She pulled away from him and he saw that her mouth was flat.  Her eyes danced around his face almost in a panic and she brought a shaking hand up to his cheek.  "Farewell."
He took her hand and kissed it.  As he did so, he recalled their conversations in the last week.  The tearful, angry arguments.  The fear she had if he were to perish.  Despite all she had done and said, there were still many Leonans around the world and in the Assembly who would not accept her as queen should he die.  They had made plans for a quick "pregnancy," since she had not yet conceived.  Only the chamberlain knew of this, and Kaeso was relying on her to help his wife.  
"I will not be long."  He released her hand and looked toward Amee.  He saw her distant gaze, but she nodded once.  He returned the gesture and moved toward the Ajurner again.
They climbed through the hatch and a lieutenant guided the king to the lone seat in the center of the passengers' cabin.  "Here, your majesty."  As he sat, Jehan began to put on his golden helmet.  "No, your majesty.  I am sorry, but this is not safe for use."
Kaeso looked at it and his brow furrowed.  "What?"
"Some thought a golden helmet was more appropriate for your majesty than the copper ones that function aboard."
Jehan handed it over and shook his head.  "What a waste.  I wish I had been consulted."
"It shall make a nice artifact for a museum, your majesty."
The king smiled and looked across the faces of the other crew.  They were tense and nervous, and he was certain that this was not solely because of the task at hand.  When the lieutenant handed him a working helmet, Kaeso said, "Allow me to say this now so that it is done.  For the remainder of this mission, I am to be treated as one of the crew.  There are too many variables at play and our safety is in the balance.  I would rather not die because someone took too long to say something because he was fumbling for the proper honorific in addressing me."  A few of them chuckled.  "Please, we may dispense with the honorifics and if I may aid you in your duties in any way, you need only ask.  I will help."
The captain nodded, "Yes, sir."  He and the pilot walked to the front of the cabin and into the control room.  A navigator and systems technician followed.  The lieutenant helped secure the king's copper helmet in place and then attached the breathing and voice tubes.  Once the king sat and was strapped into his chair – he noted disdainfully that it was upholstered in purple with golden accents – the rest of the crew went to their workstations at the rear of the craft.
"Charging cables have been retracted," the captain said through the tubes.  "Vents purged and thrusters ready.  With your majesty's command?"
Kaeso toward the front of the ship and into the cockpit where he saw suited people in their seats.  He wasn't sure which one was the captain, but he said, "Let us go."
The Ajurner rumbled and lifted away from Agathe.  The king felt his stomach lurch at the sudden acceleration and then, for the first time, he felt fear.  His eyes widened and his breathing increased.  He tapped his fingers on the arms of the chair and then slammed his eyes shut as the captain spoke about atmospheric pressure checks, fuel checks, charge status, spin rate, and more.  
"We are preparing to break orbit.  Send the signal to ground command."  The systems technician did that.  "Thrusters, full ahead."  The ship shook again and Jehan was pressed into the back of his seat.  They accelerated for several long minutes before the captain announced, "And now we wait."
It was a while before the king released his grip on the seat.  When he did, he saw his arms begin to float and he smiled.  He looked around the cabin, wondering if anyone else was experiencing this, but they were too busy with various tasks.  He looked down at himself and at the buckles.  With a few flicks, the clasps were off and the straps floated away.  He pressed down slightly onto the arms of the chair and began to drift out and into the open cabin.  He started to tumble, but he almost didn't notice it because his stomach was already in turmoil and his inner ear was confused.  It was only when he was able to lock eyes with someone and see their visage become clear that he knew he was upright again.  He put his legs down and his hands up, bracing himself on the floor and ceiling of the cabin.  "Apologies," he said, "I had to experience that."
"Of course, your majesty."  The lieutenant began to turn his chair, "Do you need help getting back to your seat?"
"Not at all."  Carefully, he walked across the cabin and sat again.  He had the straps reengaged within moments.  
He sat calmly and regulated his breathing for nearly an hour when the captain announced, "Begin braking."
The ship rattled again, but this time, Jehan was thrown forward against his binds.  Once the negative acceleration leveled off, he was able to relax and breathe normally.  Then, it was over.  
"We are in position."  The captain and crew then went through the long list of items and listing their current status.  When that was over, the captain said, "We are ready to engage the engine.  Are you ready, your majesty?"
He felt a nervousness creep over him again but he nodded.  After he realized that no one could hear that, he said, "Yes.  Go ahead."
"Preparing for energy discharge."  The Ajurner shook as the spinner rumbled faster and faster.  "Five.  Four.  Three.  Two.  One.  Execute."
The king had read the reports from all the tests, especially the manned ones.  He thought he had an idea of what to expect, but he was very wrong.
It seemed like a cold fire that burned across the surface of his skin, all over.  As soon as he noticed it, it shifted and became a loud buzzing in the ear, followed by a throbbing in his head, seemingly behind his eyes.  As discombobulated as his stomach felt earlier, now it seemed as though it had been ripped from him and thrown forward into space.  He felt as though he lurched after it, falling quickly, only to have it slam back into his body and his skin covered with the sensation of being dunked in a too-hot bath.
"Complete.  Status?"
His breathing returned and he blinked repeatedly.  He looked around the cabin and toward the crew at the rear of the ship.  They, too, appeared to be slowly recuperating from the experience.  One read their gauges, "Engine one, depleted to sixty-six percent.  Engine two, holding at ninety-eight percent."  Others responded similarly.
After a time, the captain asked, "And how are you, your majesty?"
He exhaled loudly and said, "I am present.  Somehow.  What a stunning experience."
"It is.  We are now in the blackness of space between our home system and our neighbor.  Calculations are underway for the second discharge which will bring us nearer our target."
"Excellent.  Please, carry on."  While the crew did their work and he waited, Kaeso wondered about their FTL engines.  If they somehow failed after they reached their destination, the return trip to Leo on their thrusters alone would take nearly nine years.  Of course, they would all be dead long before they arrived.
For thirty minutes, the captain, the navigator, and others talked about their observations of the stars and other worlds, and afterward the ship was repositioned.  The countdown began anew and the engines engaged.
After they recovered and checked the equipment, the captain said, "If you would like to come to the command center, we shall see where we have appeared."
"Delighted."  He began to remove his restraints again as the lieutenant who helped him earlier went to the wall.  He pulled a pair of tubes from a holder and handed them to Jehan, who uneasily floated to the front of the ship and let out the slack of his breathing and vocal tubes as he moved.
Through the front windows he could see only stars, though there was a very bright one to the far left.  The captain stood from his position and gestured to the seat.  "Please.  I would caution against touching anything, however."
"Of course."  Kaeso eagerly moved forward and sat in the leftmost position next to the navigator.  He was looking through a scope and turning dials on the console.  Excited, the king looked across space.
"Here you are, your majesty."  The navigator pushed the scope along a short rail toward the captain's seat.  "If you look through there, I believe you will be pleased."  Jehan maneuvered his cumbersome helmet to the large front of the device.  "If you will permit me."  The navigator held one of the handles on the side of the king's helmet and pulled it forward until it clicked against the scope.  Once that happened and he kept it pressed, Kaeso found it easier to move his head around inside.
He widened his eyes.  He saw blackness spotted with white.  Through a corner hazy from the edge of a lens, he glimpsed something different.  He moved his head again to see it and he finally beheld a new world.  He gasped and studied it closely.  A world of blue, oceans wrapped around the sphere with only the occasional smattering of green land beneath white clouds.  He felt a new electricity across his skin at the discovery and shook in his suit.  "Is this … Pisces?"
"Yes, your majesty," the navigator said.  "If the tales are true, we are the first to see it this way since the exiles from Kobol centuries ago."
Jehan stared, hoping to see some evidence of civilization on it.  He saw none, but it did not matter.  He was enraptured.
"This was the farthest test yet of the engines, your majesty," the captain said.  "This proves that there is nothing beyond us now."
Suddenly, his joy was deflated by the weight of responsibility on him.  He wished the captain hadn't brought him back to reality so soon.  He sat away from the scope and looked across the black expanse.  "I fear that this is only the beginning and that before us lie the battlefields of our futures."
XXXVI
GUNNOR
780 Years After Colonization

"Forebishop."
Rolant looked away from the grandeur of the mountains and toward Sterling.  "Coming, forebishop."
Once Forebishop Graye had been removed from the Queen's Council and exiled for his lies, Kelton became the head forebishop.  A position was open and Æthelswith wanted someone with Leonan experience on her Council, thus was Gunnor elevated again.  For a few years, he toiled on matters only relating to Leo, but then he was pulled into greater sessions, holy sessions, with the Council and nobles to discuss the Apollo Study.  This, finally, was his first trip to the holiest lands on Virgo.
Outside of Adrian, in the foothills of the mountains that ran along the coast to the south, there lay the Founders' Caves.  Centuries ago, the first settlers of Virgo arrived, built the city, and secreted the means to reclaim the gifts of the gods.  
"This, forebishop," young Sterling said as he guided Rolant to the nearest cave mouth, "is where Alcid the First's Stone of Kobol was stored."  Gunnor stared wide-eyed into the dark and held his palm flattened against his chest with his other hand covering his mouth.  "When the first castle was built many years later, it was taken inside.  When the capital was moved to Buskirk, …"
"It was taken to Castle Aurelius," he mumbled, still entranced by the simple sight of a mound of dirt and a pile of ancient bricks that had once been a wall.
"Yes."  Sterling smirked, amused by the visitor's awe.  "It remains there, in the vault."  He began to walk away and after he allowed Gunnor a few moments to continue his staring, he said, "Come, forebishop."  Rolant tore his gaze away and walked back into the sun after Sterling.  He pointed at other caves nearby and said, "In these, the Founders stored the tylium ore.  Useless, of course, until we rediscovered the means by which it could be processed."
"But you did."
"We did."  They stopped again at the largest of the mouths, where stood two ceremonial guards.  "We come now, forebishop, to the greatest of the artifacts."
Rolant forced the air from his lungs and steadied himself.  He looked into the darkness and saw very little.  "I am ready, forebishop."
The younger man lowered his head and said, "I would ask that you rein in your desires, for a moment."  Gunnor seemed confused.  "I am certain that you feel as I did when I was first brought here.  When I entered that cavern, I expected to see it as it was an age ago.  I pictured it in its glory."  He shook his head.  "It is not in such a state.  It hasn't for many years."
"I understand, forebishop."
"Still, it is a special moment."  Sterling turned and led Gunnor through the fencing and past the guards.  They entered the darkness of the cave until the day was well behind them.  Rolant felt a kind of electricity, an anticipation.  He tried to tamp it, but he could not.  He raised his head to look at the darkness before and above him, ready for the wonder the lights would reveal.  "Behold, Alcid the First's vessel, the Moros."  
A large switch was thrown and lights shone down from the ceiling of the cave.  The ancient Kobollian gunship was, indeed, above their heads, but it was largely a skeleton, laden with decay, rust, and moss.  
Gunnor gasped and staggered backward, clutching his robes.  "It is magnificent."
"I am glad you are not dissuaded by its state."
Rolant began to focus on the imperfections and wonder at what was missing for the first time.  "I would prefer it gleaming and intact, as though cast into the stars by Jupiter himself, but this … eight hundred years afterward."  He felt tears stinging his eyes.  "Magnificent."  He finally tore his gaze from it and asked, "It was not damaged in the Leo attack two years past?"
"No.  Though Adrian was struck, as were these mountains, the Moros was undamaged.  I suppose, 'not damaged further,' would be more accurate."  Sterling walked toward it and turned toward the vessel's aft.  "Much of the hull was removed for early shelters.  Many of its parts were, as well.  The Founders left strict instructions, however, as to certain components."
As he walked past it, Gunnor resisted the urge to reach up and touch one of the encrusted beams.  "Should this not be on display?  For all to see?  For all to feel their faith and hopes rekindled?"
"I understand the sentiment, but that would run counter to the Council's teachings for centuries.  These are secrets to be kept among priests."
"Yes, of course."  Sterling entered the vessel by way of a missing piece of hull and the guest hesitated but then followed.  "I fear, forebishop," Rolant said as he stumbled on wooden planks which had been laid over the rotten deck plating many years before, "that the Moros will not remain here for much longer."
"This is true.  What was not taken for shelters or claimed for jewelry and armor, …" Gunnor's eyes raised and Sterling saw this, "Yes.  King Alcid the Fifth began a tradition of having his first kingly armor made from the hull of this vessel.  So it was for many kings and queens after."
Rolant looked at the bare walls and the struts which ran above his head for several levels.  "A shame."
"Indeed."  Sterling turned and continued to walk, "What hasn't been removed has fallen to centuries of decay.  The moisture of the cavern.  The salt air so near the sea.  The growth of creatures and plants.  This will collapse into dust before long."  He came to a stop beside a large rectangular shape with a cylindrical shaft that ran into a near bulkhead.  It, too, was coated in rust and pale cave flora.  "And thus we come to the purpose of our journey."
Gunnor gasped again.  "Is this …"
"It is.  A faster-than-light engine."  He put his hand on it and the older man was surprised.  "Please, forebishop.  Touch history.  Touch the gifts of Olympus."  Tentatively, Rolant stepped forward and raised his hand.  "The warmth of your flesh will not destroy what an age of moisture has already weakened."
His hand trembled and then, like a magnet, it firmly planted on the cold metal surface.  He closed his eyes and studied every sensation.  When he opened them, he looked at the device in the low light and imagined that it had once been red, for some reason.  Then he wondered after its mechanics.  "Has it ever been disassembled for study?"
"No.  There were other vessels at the Founding.  Councils of old disassembled their engines and made little progress.  Only some few pieces remain.  In the vaults, as well.  Their drawings and descriptions have, of course, influenced the Study for many years."  Sterling removed his hand and stepped back to regard the engine fully.  "This will never spin.  It will generate no energy.  It is caked with disuse and nature."
"That may be, forebishop," Gunnor removed his hand slowly and also stepped back, "yet I thank you for bringing me here to see such a wondrous thing."

A year later, the world changed.  The first hint of it came when officers stormed into the throne room and went directly to Prince Cuthred.  As the crowd of courtiers murmured about the intrusion, the general of Virgo's forces darted halfway up the steps to the throne and met the chamberlain halfway.  They whispered for a moment and the chamberlain then yelled, "Clear the room!"
Kelton turned and faced both Sterling and Gunnor.  "We shall wait until we are asked to leave.  Her majesty may have need of us."  The other forebishops nodded.  Until this point, it had been a boring day in the court, but Rolant maintained his smile.  He swore he would never take another day for granted, not even the boring ones.  
While guards ushered the many lords and officials out of the room, Cuthred and other military officers ran from the room.  Rolant looked up toward the queen as she was briefed by the chamberlain.  She remained stooped in her chair, much as she had these last two years since her fall and the damage done to her brain.  The heavy makeup she wore often concealed her expressions and it helped cover the drawn and immobile left side of her face.  Only when she spoke could the evidence be heard plainly, and she spoke far less often than before.
As the last of the court was pushed out, the doors at the rear of the hall closed and a few soldiers wheeled in a cart of equipment near the front.  Gunnor recognized it as a recorder and the prince put his foot on the bottom step toward the throne.
"Your majesty, we have the message sent a short while ago from orbit."  The queen nodded and the general turned to the technicians.  One finished wrapping a spool of thin metal around a spindle and then pressed a bar.
Static emerged from the speakers and the technician turned dials.  Finally, a tinny voice rose above it, "Attention queen and peoples of Virgo.  This is a message from his royal majesty, the king of Leo.  We have completed the Apollo Study."
Several of the few people left in the chamber gasped.  For his part, Gunnor stepped back and looked from side to side at the shocked expressions of the other forebishops.  It cannot be, he thought.  It is a lie.
"This is a warning.  Virgo will cease all aggression against Leo and its territories.  Ignore this at your peril."
The technician stopped the device and Cuthred faced the queen again.  "This was repeated for several minutes while a picket vessel moved toward it.  Once the Leonan ship saw their approach," he sighed, "I will read the statement from our captain."  He raised a small piece of paper, "'As the message repeated, we made ready to hail them and ward them back.  Our gun crews were prepared, but then the Leonan turned away from us.  I believed they were about to flee or perhaps unleash a broadside, yet a white glow grew under the nose of the vessel.  I knew not what weapon this might be and before I could react, the light spread across its face and length.  When the light went out, the Leonan had vanished.  I swear upon the queen and my family, the Leonan had vanished.'"
Great Jupiter, the forebishop thought.  He felt lightheaded and stared at the marble floor.  It is not a trick.
The queen, the Council, the officers, … everyone was silent for a long moment.  
From the corner of his eye, Gunnor saw something move.  He looked up the stairs at the queen on her throne and saw that she was shaking.  He feared she might be having a fit, but then she began to rise.  The chamberlain lunged to aid her and he held her left arm which she now quaked.  With wild, wide eyes she looked across the people below her and barked, "You have failed us!"  For that sentence alone, she was clear and frightening.  All in her presence kept their heads lowered, and Æthelswith continued, "Failures upon failures!" her cheeks puffed.  She pointed at them with her scepter, "Did we not say there were spies among us?  How else might the Leo have accomplished what we could not?!"
Cuthred nodded, "Yes, your majesty."
Then the queen looked toward the Council.  "You three have failed the most!"  Gunnor wavered and he faced her.  Spit flew from her mouth as she yelled, "Since the founding of Virgo, the Council has been tasked with preserving the faith of our science and restoring it!"  She stomped with her right foot and nearly fell were it not for the chamberlain.  "For naught!  For naught!"  She continued to shake with anger and said, "If this is the fruit of the Council, then we have no need for it!"  Rolant looked toward Kelton who kept her head lowered as the beratement continued.  "The Study will carry on without you, all failures and yourselves be damned!"
The elder forebishop bowed further and whispered, "As you wish, your majesty."
Then Æthelswith turned toward her brother, Cuthred.  "Leo and this King Caesar shall not enjoy many more dawns!  Devise a thing to defeat them at the last!" she slurred.  "No more petty raids!  No more thievery of their ores, whether upon Troy or in the Belt!  Wound the very ground beneath their feet and send them all to Tartarus!"
"Yes, your majesty."
"Out!"  Finally, she collapsed into the throne and heaved, fully out of breath.
In silence, the Queen's Council walked the Long March back to the temple and into its halls.  When they reached the corridor where their offices were, they faced each other at last.  Sterling spoke first and asked, "What shall we do?"
Kelton took one of her pondering deep breaths.  When she finished, she said, "Gather all of the materials on which you were working and prepare an index.  I suspect that the chamberlain will be along for our work soon."
When Kelton and Sterling began to walk into their studies, Gunnor asked, "Is that all?"  They stopped and looked at him.  "Is the Council disbanded?"
"It certainly seems to be the queen's intention," Sterling said.
"But what is to become of us?"
The other forebishops shared a look before Kelton said, "That is up to you, Bishop Gunnor."
As they entered their rooms and closed their doors, Rolant stayed in the hallway alone.  Twice he had been part of a world's council and twice he had been removed.
XXXVII
ELE
781 Years After Colonization

She looked beyond the dark blue guards and into the chamber.  Jehan sat at his desk writing in a book and flipping through pages next to it.  She nodded at the men and they bowed.
"Husband," she said as she entered the room.
Kaeso smiled and stood.  "I am pleased to see you."  He walked around the desk and took her hand.  The balcony overlooked the Argentan River with much of the nearby forest filling the view to the left.  He guided her to one of the chairs that sat in the open under the waning sunlight and he turned his to face her.  "I feel that it has been days."
Ele smiled.  "Two, I believe."
"Too long.  How fare you?"
"I am well."  She had much to say but she looked at him first.  It might have been the light but she would swear that he had more gray hairs than before.  Wrinkles creased the skin at his eyes.  She grinned, weakly, and asked, "How are you?"
"I am busy," he waved his hand toward the desk, "with few matters that interest me.  The greater good for Leo, perhaps, but tedious."
"I see.  Were you governor, would it be different?"
He thought for a moment and shook his head.  "No.  It may be worse.  Delaying action as I await word from Virgo if we might proceed as we desire."  A bird screeched as it glided above the tops of the trees below and both of them turned to watch it.  After it dove toward the river, he faced her again and asked, "What brings you to me so late in the day?"
A nervousness crept across her though, intellectually, she knew it needn't be so.  Her fingers fidgeted with each other and she repositioned herself twice before she finally spoke.  "I bear good news for your majesty."
Kaeso's eyebrows raised.  "Oh?"
Ele nodded.  "I am pregnant."
The king's face went still.  He stared at her for a moment and under his gaze, she began to doubt herself.  She shrank and then withdrew against the back of her chair.  "Forgive me, I was simply startled."  He smiled and then said, "This is good news."
Concerned, she leaned forward.  "Are you certain?"
Jehan smiled wider now.  "Yes.  Yes, I am."  He reached toward her hands and took one.  He brought it to his lips and kissed it.  "Are you pleased?"
"I am."
"Good."  He stood and looked over the balcony at Lomere below.  "This is good."
"Forgive me, but I do not entirely believe you."  When he turned to face her again, she added, "When I first said the words, you were in shock but I sensed a disappointment in you."
The king was quiet and he nodded his head.  "I am not proud to say it but, perhaps, yes."
"Why?"
"I have known that you had a lover for years now, as you threatened on our wedding night and as I gave my permission to you."  She stood and walked to the rail of the balcony next to him.  "There are occasions, however, when I feel … a sadness at the thought."
"Is it jealousy?"
"Of a kind."  He watched the river and collected his thoughts.  "When first I felt so, I thought it was because I had hoped you would remain faithful to me despite our differences.  That I, despite my words, had felt a kind of possession over you and was saddened that you would stray.  As time passed, I realized this was not the case."
Ele sighed in relief.  "I am glad."
Kaeso turned again and watched the warm breeze blow a bit of her hair.  "I saw you one evening, two years ago, perhaps.  You were plainly dressed and leaving the temple on your return to the palace."  Her skin flushed hot and she nearly looked away in shame, but she saw his smile.  "There was no call for you to be at the temple so I wondered what it may be.  And then I gazed upon your face.  There was joy there.  An unbridled happiness and satisfaction.  I knew then why I had felt as I did.  As I sometimes do."
She watched sadness creep upon him again and she touched his arm.  "Why?"
"In some small part, it is a continued guilt that I feel for you being placed in this situation from the start.  Yet this is not new.  I have ever recognized it.  No, the understanding is more selfish."  His eyes became glassy and she thought he may cry.  "I felt a kind of sadness that I could not please you so.  And, in seeing you so pleased, so happy, I wondered at what joys I may have lacked in life, being as I am.  Knowing the touch of a lover.  The pleasure.  While the actions themselves are alien to me, the resulting emotions may not be.  I do not know.  So there are times when I wonder at what I may have missed in life, and I feel a sadness for it."
"Such as the joys of parenthood."
He nodded.  "Yes."
Ele moved toward him and hugged him tightly.  They embraced for a minute and when she withdrew, she placed her hand on his heart.  "I know you have one."
He smiled.  "I do."
"I have never forgotten that."
"I know."
"If I have ever made you feel …"
Jehan shook his head and held her hands.  "No.  Lay no blame on yourself.  The failing is within me."
"No," she said angrily.  "It is no failing.  It is as a part of you as the darkness of your eyes or the depth of your voice.  It is as you are and I love you for it."
She saw him swallow hard and then look away.  Even now he didn't want to be seen shedding a tear.  "Thank you," he creaked.  "And I love you."
With him still facing the forest, Ele wrapped her arm about his waist and lay her head on his shoulder.  As he held her, too, she said, "And think not that you have escaped the joys of parenthood.  The child will be yours."
He chuckled.  "Yes."
"Then our prince or princess will need a father."  She looked up at him.  "It should be the king."
Kaeso smiled and kissed her forehead.  "It will be."
XXXVIII
KAESO
785 Years After Colonization

The king sat in the grass and stared at the small column.  It was stone, a sandy light brown and certainly not unique.  Its faces, however, had been carved.  Intricate trees, vines, and fruits spread from the base and entwined upward where they encircled a bird in flight.  Each of the four sides included a different animal, some of which he had seen since his encampment here a week ago.  One of them, a large creature like the snowdeer of Leo, he had not seen.  It appeared majestic and its antlers merged into the design of the surrounding weave.
A Stone of Kobol.  Its top had been carved, too, and the disintegrated remains of the sacred texts were inside.  Only pebbles of plastic, now that he knew the word for the material.  A wooden and thatch overhang wrapped with ivy protected it from ages of rain and wind, though it had partially collapsed in the intervening years.  A kind of green and living decay had settled on this place.  The outlines of foundations remained.  A couple of buildings.  Stones for firepits.  A few stone walls.  Graves.  All of it was in the process of being reclaimed by the world around them.  Grass grew up, vines grew 'round, and the very soil swallowed some.
"Your majesty," a woman said behind him.
Kaeso had been staring at the Stone for nearly an hour, moving only to change which face of it he might study.  "Yes?"
"Forgive me, but we are ready to load the artifact onto the vessel."
"Of course."  He stood and brushed debris from his pants.  Four soldiers moved toward it and dropped straps and protective coverings to the ground as they sized it up.  "Scholar, what else have you found?"
"I have completed my count of graves," she said.  "One hundred ninety-one."
He nodded.  "And no sign of what may have happened here?"
"None, your majesty.  It may have been an illness, a harsh winter … we may never know."
"When we return to Leo, we should all be examined by our doctors.  There may be some insect on this world with a poisonous bite.  Or perhaps an ailment in the air or soil that assails us without our knowledge."
"Yes, your majesty."
Jehan looked back at the Stone and winced as green vines were cleared away from the carvings, before coverings and harnesses were placed around it.  "I cannot help but feel that this is a sin.  That we have trespassed and now we take for ourselves their riches."
"I feel the same, your majesty.  I would leave this place as we found it, yet we know the Virgo would not be so restrained."
The men hoisted the Stone of Kobol up and grunted as they carried it out from its home and toward their vessel.  "True."
The captain of the Ajurner came near and bowed quickly.  "The last of our scouts have returned.  They've spotted no additional settlements, your majesty."
"Very well."  The king walked down the lane of this lost village and toward the ship.  There he was greeted by a lieutenant holding the heavy space garment needed for travel.  Once the Stone was secured aboard, all the crew got into their outfits and they gazed upon Capricorn one last time.
"We are ready, your majesty."
Kaeso stood outside the open hatch and swept his eyes over the empty settlement.  He looked toward the mountains and then down at his metal-covered feet with blades of grass crowded around them.  "Let us go."
The launch went well and the ship moved a safe distance from the planet.  The FTL engines were engaged and after a disorienting blink, the Ajurner appeared in the gulf of space between Alpha and Beta.  Then, after an hour of calculations and adjustments, they jumped away again and appeared near Leo.  After another hour's journey, the hull was rocked with reentry and they landed near Lomere. 
When the hatch opened, they were greeted with fanfare and a large contingent of soldiers.  A few of the crew emerged first, followed by Jehan.  The crowd cheered and he waved to them after removing his helmet.
"Welcome home, your majesty."
He faced Sanson and smiled.  "Thank you, chamberlain.  It is good to be home."
A few soldiers began to offload the Stone of Kobol and other items from the ship.  Carts wheeled closer and they were filled.
"Is that what I believe it is?" she asked.
"It is."  
"Father!"
Kaeso's head whipped around and he saw Charlon running toward him.  The king smiled and bent low to scoop up his son.  "I am happy to see you!"
"Yes," the boy struggled to pull a piece of wood from his belt, "I have a sword!"
"I see that," the sword came free and the boy smiled, holding it high.  "It is a very good sword!"  Jehan looked around the boy's blond hair and saw Ele standing farther away.  He put the child down and walked toward her.  "Greetings, my queen."
She smiled and embraced him.  "My king."
"I trust our prince has not been terribly taxing in my absence?"
"No moreso than usual."
Charlon put the sword in his belt and tugged on his father's rough pants fabric.  "Can I have a suit like this?"
"Certainly, one day."  From behind him, he heard a tone pierce the noise of the crowd.  Kaeso looked back toward the Ajurner and saw a few crewmembers jump back into the hatch.  
Sanson came toward him.  "An emergency signal."
He nodded and pushed the back of the prince.  "Go to your mother."  Both the king and chamberlain went to the side of the ship and looked toward the command center.  
The systems technician saw them and said, "Watchtower Three reports multiple ships have appeared suddenly.  They are in range and closing."  As Jehan's mind raced at the possibility of Virgo having FTL, the technician pressed a device against his ear and continued, "She is describing the vessels now.  Several attack ships.  And something else.  Something large."  Suddenly, the technician ripped the speaker from his ear.  "The signal is gone."
Slowly, Kaeso turned to Sanson.  He looked into her eyes and said, "Sound the alarms.  Go to the castle's command center."
Amee narrowed her eyes.  "And you, your majesty?"
Jehan looked down.  He was still holding his copper helmet.  "I will go up."  He saw the expression on her face and he added, "We have no armaments so we will maintain a distance.  Listen to our channel.  We will broadcast detailed descriptions of the vessels and their apparent headings."  Angered to the point of silence, she only nodded and ran toward the city.  
He raised his helmet up and looked toward Ele and Charlon.  Her face was motionless and concerned.  The boy looked confused as soldiers ran from the landing field toward the city.  When the alarms started, the king looked at Lomere and the castle.  He faced his family again and smiled.  The prince stared with wide eyes toward the source of the wailing klaxons and the queen absentmindedly stroked the boy's back.  "Go.  And be safe."  She kept her eyes fixed on him and said nothing.
After getting back aboard the Ajurner, he went into the command center.  He put on the helmet, reattached himself to its tubes, and said, "Captain, you are to take us into orbit and keep us in an observatory position of the conflict."
"Yes, your majesty."
"Lieutenant, you are to relay descriptions of the enemy vessels, their numbers, their headings, and any other information to the ground command center."
"Yes, your majesty."
"Let us go."
With six crewmembers aboard, the Ajurner lifted off and tore into the clouds.  They came alongside a wing of Leonan attack ships that had launched from the base outside Lomere.  Soon, the sky before them faded, revealing the blackness of space speckled with stars.  The ship turned and the blue atmosphere formed a bright wall on the right side of the main window.
The navigator looked through his scope and Kaeso held his hand up to block the light from Leo.  He squinted and searched space for any sign of the battle.  Then he saw a distant flash.  "There."
"Yes.  It was an explosion of some kind."  
"Move us closer."
"Yes, your majesty."
As the Ajurner approached, they began to see dozens of smaller vessels moving from the atmosphere of the planet and swarming toward the advancing vessels.  A few small ships were maneuvering around each other and firing, but they couldn't take their eyes off the large gray and gold shape in the center.
This was the Drædanáht and it appeared to be a fortress tilted onto its side.  There was a large base at the rear and six spires that shot forward from it.  Along the length of those spires were ports that remained closed, as well as cannon.  The guns were firing and pricks of light streamed from them into Leonan vessels that got too close.
The systems technician gawked at it and Kaeso said, "Lieutenant, send your signals."
"Yes, your majesty."  He turned dials and described the vessel to the castle's command center.
The mass of Leonan attack ships moved closer.  The single-cannoned Leonans appeared to be outmatched against their double-cannon counterparts.  Then, the Drædanáht's ports opened.
"What was that?" the king asked.  "What changed?"
"The panels on that ship have opened."  The navigator adjusted his scope.  "There appear to be rockets of some kind within them."  
"Do you have a sense of their size?"
"They are quite large.  I would guess that one is nearly as large as this vessel."
The captain shook his head, "They could not use them against our ships.  We are too small and swift."
The enormous vessel surged forward quickly.  Now, most of the Leonans were in its weapon arcs and the dozens of cannons along its spires erupted.  Several attackers exploded in bright flashes that quickly dimmed in the vacuum of space.  
The king quaked at the ferocity of the attack and his gaze moved over its length.  "Signal our ships to center their fire upon those rockets."
"Yes, your majesty."
"I am backing us away, your majesty."  The king did not respond.  "And I have a fear that those missiles are meant for our cities."
Only now did Kaeso's eyes look away from the Drædanáht.  "It is imperative then that they be destroyed."
Three ships maneuvered close together and sped quickly for one of the spires.  Their cannon fire danced along the giant's surface and a few found marks within their ports, but nothing happened.  As the three veered away, Virgan cannon found them and they were lost.
From a different angle, two Leonan ships drove toward a spire near the center.  Like the attempt before, their cannon missed, but the Virgans saw them more quickly and fired before they veered away.  This was their mistake, for one of the ships was pierced and in flames, its crew half dead, but the smaller vessel continued on and crashed into the rocket launching bay. 
The explosion immediately rent that spire and the one above it.  Debris burst from them and into the spires on either side, causing two more to rupture.  The Drædanáht began to drift and turn.  Smoke poured from the ship and the few remaining small Virgan attack ships moved toward it.  
"Praise Mars," the captain said.  Kaeso exhaled loudly.  Then rockets launched from the remaining spires.  Eight giant missiles streaked toward the planet and through the atmosphere.  
"Signal command!" the king yelled.
The systems technician complied and, in the confusion, the Ajurner had strayed closer to the wounded vessel.  The cannon along the Drædanáht's length had been still since the explosions, but the crews that survived regained their senses and now fired upon all the Leonans who hovered near their would-be kill.  
Shells pierced the hull of the Ajurner and one struck the fuel lines for the ship's maneuvering thrusters.  The propellant vented into space and the ship began a flat spin.
The captain jerked his flight stick against it but found that those systems had been damaged, too.  "I cannot control it!"
The crew were thrown into their seats and against the bulkheads as the spin increased.  The window before them became a strobing flash between the black of space and the brightness of Leo below.  Kaeso's eyes rolled up into his head and he could only think, I am a fool.
As the crew of the Ajurner fell unconscious, two missiles landed in Redon, destroying many of the abandoned structures anew.  Two struck the city of Gabris, killing hundreds.  One hit the mining city of Bituriges.  The other two struck the forest and buildings of Lomere, outside the fortified city's gates.  Many were killed there, as well.
In orbit, while the Drædanáht limped away for Virgo and its crew hurried to repair their FTL engines, most of Leo's fleet of ships had been destroyed and the king died as his vessel broke up on reentry.
XXXIX
ELE
Unknown Years Before Activation

"My queen."
She turned in the blackness and saw her husband.  Her mouth fell open and she looked at him from feet to face.  "This cannot be."
"And yet."  He held his hands out from himself and smiled.  "It has been too long."
"Thirty years," she said.  Still, she did not approach him.
"I hope you were well treated after my death."
She winced and nearly turned away.  "I was, yet, … it was painful."
"I am certain.  Did the Assembly not trust you?"
"Amee spoke for me and some in the Assembly did as well, yet it was not enough."  She moved closer to Jehan.  "There was war for a time.  More ships.  More attacks.  Both on Leo and on Virgo.  We built large warships to counter our enemy and they built larger ones to counter ours."  Her gaze drifted and her voice became thin.  "We became adept at killing."
"Many dead."
"Too many."
"You led our people, though."
Ele looked into his eyes and nodded.  "As regent for our son, until he came of age."  Kaeso seemed angry.  "This was the compromise we reached with the Assembly to quiet those voices that did not desire a 'Virgan queen,' despite my effort to purge Virgan language and culture from our world."
The king sighed.  "I fear you may have been happier had you never left your home."
"Leo is my home.  I felt it there more than I ever felt it on Virgo."
"But your family …"
"Do not speak to me of family."  She shook her head.  "You and Charlon are my family."
"And what of me?"
Ele turned and saw Aymon standing there in his simple day-to-day bishop's robe.  Her heart stopped and she looked back at Kaeso before facing her lover again.  "You are family, too, of a sort.  Like Chamberlain Sanson."
"A friend then."  Aymon came closer and put his arms around her body.  
"More than."  She glanced at her husband and shouted in her mind, Discretion!  Jehan seemed curious and only studied their interaction.
"Is this the family you chose?" the bishop asked.
"Not at the start, but yes."
"Is this what you desire?"  Jehan held her cheek with his hand and leaned in close.  He kissed her lips passionately and she swooned.  She felt Aymon press against her back and he kissed the nape of her neck.  She nearly collapsed but she reached up toward her husband and held his head against hers.  When she felt all four of their hands on her, the warmth of their bodies embracing her from either side, she became shocked and pulled away from them both.
Out of breath, she panted.  "It was a fleeting desire.  It could never be."
Simultaneously, both men said, "Then choose."
"Choose who?"
"Choose your family."
She looked from one to the other.  "I choose you both."
The king and the bishop shared a glance.  "Can you do that?"
"Why can I not?"
"You did not choose 'both' before."
Her skin went cold and she felt a shiver.  When she turned, she saw Princess Osburh and Burgred.  "No.  I did not."
Her mother kept her nose high.  "You abandoned those you knew and waged war upon us."
"Leo did not strike the first blow."
"That Leo struck any blow at all is an offense."  Osburh shook her head.  "It is as though you heard nothing as a child."
"I heard enough."  Ele raised her chin now.  "I heard the arrogance of power and knowledge that you wielded over these people.  My people.  I heard the limits of my value to you."
"'Limits?'" Osburh laughed.  "Child, your value was potentially endless.  If you had obeyed our plans, then Leo and Virgo would be more united than ever and working in peace.  You would have borne children to rule that world and, one day, to perhaps sit on the throne of Virgo itself."
"I was a treaty and a warm womb to you and Aunt Æthy."
"Do not diminish yourself thusly.  You know there was greatness planned."
Ele shook her head.  "Even if I believed you were truthful with me in all your schemes, I do not know how great it would have been."
"Fear not," Osburh said as her mouth began to smile.  "You bore us a son who had children of his own.  The line endured.  Your children rejoined the family."
"No.  This will not happen."
"My dear," the princess said, "you are long dead.  It has happened."
Ele quaked and turned away from her parents.  As she did, she ran into the chest of Kaeso who looked down at her.  "Why does this pain you so?"
A tear raced over her cheek and she said, "Because I know who they are.  I know … how they are.  I would not wish any of my children to suffer as I did."
"We are family," Charlon said.  Ele turned and saw her adult son sporting his Leonan crown but wearing the colors and seal of Virgo.  He smiled and said, "It is the way of things.  For a thousand years, our worlds fought, yet we were the same all along."  The queen shook her head and he continued, "We held the people of our world in thrall for the crown, as did Virgo.  We kept the knowledge of Kobol away from our colonies and our people, as did Virgo."
She cried again and collapsed to her knees.  The female messenger said, "Enough of this torture and your exaggerations.  Charlon did not join with Virgo."
"But his descendants … ah.  As you wish."  All the images vanished.  "Dominating bloodlines," the male said.  "Wars for land, nations, and worlds.  They have caused humanity no end of pain over the millennia."
"Joy, as well," she said.  
"Pain above all else.  Ask the people of Sagittaron or Picon or Tauron …"
The female tender faced her companion and interrupted, "If that were so, why would they bother continuing to make families?"
"Animal instincts.  Procreation, you know."
"I know, and that is why they reproduce, but why do they stay together?"  The male looked away.  "Why maintain a structure if it only causes pain?"
"Wealth and power."
"Yes.  At this, humanity excelled."  The female drew nearer, "But there are some few who do not seek these things.  What about them?  Why would they maintain these 'bloodlines?'"
The male sighed and faced her again.  "You want me to say it?"
She smiled.  "I do."
"Love."  It pained him and the messenger rolled his eyes.
"Thank you."
XL
THE OTHERS
60,634 Years After the Fall of the Colonies

Beings of light descended on the plains of Leonis.  They scoured the grasses and the mountains.  They dove beneath the seas and the many rivers.  Animals had rebounded and they filled the globe, but they still had not found the object of their search.
"Here."
One summoned the others and they gathered on an island.  Surrounded by ocean, the beings looked through the canopy of trees and into the soil and stone of this place.  They saw through time and knew that the last survivors of this planet had lived here until they were swept away by a cyclone.
They peered into the past and saw the bombardment of Leonis.  The Cylon nuclear weapons killed the majority.  Ground and aerial forces killed most of the rest in a purge that stretched across the world for months until the Cylon race reconsidered their genocide.
However, on this island, a group of people escaped and lived for many years.  They survived on fish, small farms, and a spring.  There were other places on Leonis where people managed to escape the Cylons and their dooms, and likewise on Gemenon and other worlds.  For decades on Leonis, humans persisted after the attack, but the people on this island lasted the longest.
"None remain now."
"Have hope," one of the beings said.  "There are other worlds."  
"We may yet find survivors."
"And we may proceed with our plans."
They departed the surface and rose to enter their ship of light.  Then, it moved on.

END OF BOOK THREE

END OF VOLUME ONE
IN VOLUME TWO: EVOLUTION:
Empires rise and the other colonies serve as their battlegrounds …




ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS & CONTACTS

First off, many thanks to Ronald D. Moore, David Eick and everyone else involved with Battlestar Galactica and Caprica.  Needless to say, their work is among the greatest ever produced for television and has been inspiring.  Also, thanks to Glenn Larson for creating the original series, giving rise to the whole universe.
Thanks also to Bear McCreary and his gang of musicians.  His soundtrack for the Galactica-verse, while fourteen hours long, provided many weeks and months of enjoyment and mood setting.  (Credit also to Bob Dylan's lyrics to "All Along the Watchtower," for obvious reasons.)
Thanks also to the following authors and their books: Athenaze: An Introduction to Ancient Greek (Maurice Balme & Gilbert Lawall), Wheelock's Latin (Frederic Wheelock), Classical Myth (Barry Powell), The Science of Battlestar Galactica (Patrick DiJusto & Kevin Grazier - thanks also to Kevin for occasionally answering my questions personally), and Beyond Caprica: A Visitors Pocket Guide to the Twelve Colonies (Bob Harris).
Website-wise, several sites were very helpful, including the ancient Greek, Roman, French, and Old English sections of BehindTheName.com, the detailed maps available at NationMaster.com, Wikipedia.org, BattlestarWiki.org, SpringfieldSpringfield.co.uk for show transcripts, the Aromanian section of Glosbe.com, Anglo-Norman.net, OldEnglishTranslator.co.uk, Asexuality.org, and more.
And thanks to my many readers who have encouraged me to keep going.

Visit ety3rd.com for more books and information.

Want to contact me?
Email: ety3rd@ety3rd.com
Twitter: @ety3rd
Facebook: Facebook.com/ety3rd
Instagram: @ety3rd
Blog: ety3rd.blogspot.com 

Tipjar: https://paypal.me/ety3rd

Other books by Edward T. Yeatts III:
Lords of Kobol – Book One: Apotheosis
Lords of Kobol – Book Two: Descent
Lords of Kobol – Book Three: The Final Exodus
Lords of Kobol – Prelude: Of Gods and Titans

Colonies of Kobol – Volume Two: Evolution
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Three: Revolution

Displaced
Diary of a Second Life
8 Days
The Art of Death

Sexcalation
The Red Kick
