COLONIES OF KOBOL
VOLUME TWO: EVOLUTION
By Edward T. Yeatts III

Published by Edward T. Yeatts III at Smashwords.  Copyright 2022 Edward T. Yeatts III.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Visit ety3rd.com for more books and information.

Other books by Edward T. Yeatts III:
Lords of Kobol – Book One: Apotheosis
Lords of Kobol – Book Two: Descent
Lords of Kobol – Book Three: The Final Exodus
Lords of Kobol – Prelude: Of Gods and Titans

Colonies of Kobol – Volume One: Foundation
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Three: Revolution

Displaced
Diary of a Second Life
8 Days
The Art of Death

Sexcalation
The Red Kick

Want to contact me?
Email: ety3rd@ety3rd.com
Twitter: @ety3rd
Facebook: Facebook.com/ety3rd
Instagram: @ety3rd
Blog: ety3rd.blogspot.com

Tipjar: https://paypal.me/ety3rd

TABLE OF CONTENTS

AUTHOR'S NOTE
PREFACE
MAPS (STELLAR)

BOOK FOUR: VIRGON
MAP
I – DOMOSI
II – DOMOSI
III – EDGAR
IV – DOMOS
V – EVERLEIGH
VI – ARLETH
VII – EDGAR
VIII – DOMOS
IX – EVERLEIGH
X – EDGAR
XI – DOMOS
XII – ARLETH
XIII – DOMOS
XIV – RYDER
XV – EVERLEIGH
XVI – EDGAR
XVII – RYDER
XVIII – DOMOS
XIX – EDGAR
XX – RYDER
XXI – EDGAR & DOMOS
XXII – EVERLEIGH
XXIII – RYDER
XXIV – EDGAR
XXV – EVERLEIGH
XXVI – DOMOS
XXVII – RYDER
XVIII – GERVASE
XIX – DOMOS

BOOK FIVE: SAGITTARON
MAP
I – DUALLA
II – ADDINI
III – PITT
IV – DURANT
V – ADDINI
VI – PITT
VII – DURANT
VIII – ADDINI
IX – PITT
X – DURANT
XI – ADDINI
XII – PITT
XIII – DURANT
XIV – ADDINI
XV – PITT
XVI – DURANT
XVII – ADDINI
XVIII – ZAREK
XIX – DULU
XX – JARUMI
XXI – HALE
XXII – JARUMI
XXIII – DULU
XXIV – JARUMI
XXV – HALE
XXVI – JARUMI
XXVII – DULU
XXVIII - JARUMI

BOOK SIX: CANCERON
MAP
I – FEARNHAM
II – GRANGE
III – MARCHAND
IV – FEARNHAM
V – BEANE
VI – MARCHAND
VII – MAUGIER
VIII – GANIKA
IX – MAUGIER
X – GANIKA
XI – MILTON
XII – MAUGIER
XIII – GANIKA
XIV – REDDY
XV – MILTON
XVI – BRIGSTOW
XVII – GANIKA
XVIII – MILTON
XIX – BRIGSTOW
XX – GANIKA
XXI – REDDY
XXII – HEPER
XXIII – YABIZ
XXIV – GANIKA

BOOK SEVEN: AERILON
MAP
I – BALTAR
II – MAC MODAN
III – UÍ SHEA

BOOK EIGHT: PICON
MAP
I – CHU
II – PAYTONE
III – HIRADA
IV – PORTIFOI
V – CHU
VI – PAYTONE
VII – HIRADA
VIII – PORTIFOI
IX – CHU
X – PAYTONE
XI – HIRADA
XII – PORTIFOI
XIII – CHU
XIV – PAYTONE
XV – NOI
XVI – AMYAND
XVII – HOLT
XVIII – NOI
XIX – AMYAND
XX – HOLT
XXI – NOI
XXII – AMYAND
XXIII – HOLT
XXIV – NOI
XXV – AMYAND
XXVI – HOLT
XXVII – NOI
XXVIII – AMYAND
XXIX – HOLT
XXX – NOI
XXXI – AMYAND
XXXII – HOLT
XXXIII – PICON
XXXIV – VIRGON
XXXV – CAPRICA
XXXVI – TAURON
XXXVII – PICON
XXXVIII – LEONIS
XXXIX – CAPRICA
XL – SAGITTARON
XLI – GEMENON
XLII – TAURON
XLIII – PICON
XLIV – AERILON
XLV – CAPRICA
XLVI – SAGITTARON
XLVII – VIRGON
XLVIII – LEONIS
XLIX – PICON
L – CAPRICA
LI – ANSON

BOOK NINE: LIBRAN
I – LIBRA
II – LAVAL
III – FENNIMORE
IV – CALLA
V – PALOMER
VI – LAVAL
VII – WEBSTER
VIII – CALLA
IX – LIBRAN
X – WEBSTER
XI – FENNIMORE
XII – LEROY
XIII – PALOMER
XIV – LIBRAN
XV – LAVAL

BOOK TEN: SCORPIA
MAP
I – KHONG
II – ROBIDA
III – RHUE
IV – DUPUIS
V – RHUE
VI – BARBET
VII – DUPUIS & BARBET
VIII – RHUE
IX – BARBET
X – DUPUIS
XI – RHUE
XII – KHONG
XIII – BARBET
XIV – KHONG
XV – DROI
XVI – KHONG
XVII – DROI
XVIII – KHONG
XIX – DROI
XX – RHUE

BOOK ELEVEN: AQUARIA
MAP
I – BELLO
II – POLGAR
III – GRAVES
IV – POLGAR
V – GRAVES
VI – POLGAR
VII – GRAVES
VIII – BELLO
IX – SKON
X – THE OTHERS

IN VOLUME THREE: REVOLUTION

APPENDIX: THE DIARY OF LORD CHADWICK APPLETON AND HIS JOURNEYS ABOUT THE UNKNOWN WORLDS

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS & CONTACTS
OTHER BOOKS BY EDWARD T. YEATTS III
AUTHOR'S NOTE

Naturally, I highly recommend viewing the entirety of the 2003-2009 series Battlestar Galactica before reading this.  Its prequel series, Caprica, and other associated films (Razor, The Plan, and Blood & Chrome) are also highly recommended.
If you have not yet read Lords of Kobol – Book One, Two, Three, and Prelude, I strongly urge you to stop now and go download them.  Also, it should go without saying that you should read Colonies of Kobol – Volume One.  Like this novel, they are all free.
You may download them HERE.
Colonies of Kobol is a sequel series to Lords of Kobol, and largely a prequel series to Battlestar Galactica and Caprica.  

Thank you.
PREFACE: REGARDING THE TIMELINE …

To alleviate confusion, let us look through time to pinpoint the major events in Colonial and Kobollian history.

About five thousand, six hundred years before the Final Exodus, the Lords of Kobol descended Mount Olympus to assume godhood over humanity.
About two thousand years before the Final Exodus, the Thirteenth Tribe – later revealed to be organic Cylons – departed Kobol for Earth.
About one thousand, six hundred years before the Final Exodus, the oracle Pythia wrote her famed contributions to the Sacred Scrolls.
The Final Exodus occurs when a portion of mankind flees the revolution of Cylons and the Blaze on Kobol, leaving behind the gods who guided them for more than five millennia.  
At about the same time as the Final Exodus, a Cylon revolution on Earth eliminates all but five members of the Thirteenth Tribe.
About two thousand years after the Final Exodus, mankind's one-time servants return decades after the Cylon War and the Twelve Colonies of Kobol are destroyed.  A ragtag fleet led by the Battlestar Galactica flees in search of Earth.
About four years after the destruction of the Colonies of Kobol, a planet inhabited by prehistoric humans is named "Earth" and settled by survivors of the Galactica, the rebel Cylon Basestar, and the ragtag fleet.








I
DOMOSI
319 Years After Colonization

It was night and the stars overhead pointed her way.  The moon hung above her, reflecting the light of the sun, and activated a faint blue haze upon all the grass and hedges that lay before her.  Cardea came to a hill in the forest and looked toward the village between the lakes.  
Across the wide plain with its whipping winds and long grass, there was a ridge where she beheld tall figures.  In fear, she crouched low and widened her eyes so she might see more.  These cannot be sentries, she thought.  
She slinked down the slope toward the flat plain and walked through the waist-high stalks.  She bent for a time and raked her fingers over the flowers which glowed in the light of Hibernia.  Domosi neared the halfway point and looked again at the sentries.  Seeing their height above the plain, she knew them to be towers or posts of some sort, the ones she had been told of.  She raised up and proceeded, but slowly, in case there was some manner of watch upon her approach.  
She reached the ridge and ascended, soon finding herself beneath one of the many tall sentries.  She reached for it and felt the coolness of stone in her fingertips.  A single piece of rock which rose some five meters from the ground.  She looked to her left and right and saw the next stones about one hundred meters away in each direction.  In the light of the moon, she saw many more and then noticed that they ringed the land on the far side of the ridge.  Cardea looked to the forest from which she came and then removed a small metal vial from her satchel.  She checked its contents and then inserted it into the ground at the center of the outward face of the stone.  When she rose, she looked down toward the lakes, but they were too distant and dark.  She saw no fires but she knew there were homes there.  She gripped the sides of her cloak, pulled them tight around her, and descended into the realm.
Cardea walked through a field of crops.  She bent toward them and smelled, recognizing the scent of barley.  She saw ahead a group of buildings and she moved slowly.  Round and formed from stone bricks, the first was large and appeared to be a storehouse.  She moved around it and saw a similar one near, but smoke emerged from the center of its roof.  When she approached it, she realized the other homes like it were arranged in a circle.  Toward the center of the village was a ring of wooden posts which rose ten meters or more into the air.  The light began to fade as Hibernia dipped toward the horizon and behind the ridge surrounding this place.  She looked back at it and saw the ring of sentry stones a kilometer away and the pale green circle of Virgo's moon between a pair.  She decided then to return to the storehouse and rest.
The first strokes of light did not wake her.  Instead, she heard a commotion nearby and looked out from her cloak.  People were streaming from their homes and screaming into the sky, flailing their arms, and trotting away toward the center. 
Domosi rose up and followed behind them.  Soon, she saw that they were gathered at the ring of wooden posts and it was at this point that she realized there were multiple rings in the middle of the village, concentric circles of posts about some center point she could not discern.
The people gathered around the outside of the wooden rings and continued their nonsensical shouting.  From the far side, a group of women danced forth wearing black and with what looked like dark ash smeared upon their faces.  They swayed from side to side and brushed the backs of the screaming people with a branch of some tree, its leaves still attached.  Once brushed by the branch, the villagers stopped their screaming and the black-clad women continued their dance.  Behind them came a man in a long white robe with a white staff.  A boy walked backward before him with a bucket and the robed man dipped the top of his staff into it and then flung the water droplets onto the crowd.  Once he reached the last of the blessed people, the crowd parted and he entered the array of wooden posts.  The people outside knelt or sat on the ground and the man began to shout, "Hauzja i, Sunna, Dayafeur, Faðe e alna!"
Cardea's eyes widened and her head tilted toward the voice.
"Sumara bringne opo Þina volke!"  She saw a glimpse of the white-robed man as he walked among the posts with his arms and staff raised high.  "Sumara kweme!"  
The people then began to repeat with him, "Sumara kweme!  Sumara kweme!  Sumara kweme!"
After this, the people quietened and prostrated themselves on the ground, stretching their hands toward the posts.  In the quiet, Cardea heard only the wind from the nearby lakes and the rustling of leaves and dry thatch.  Then, a crystalline voice rose from within the wooden posts and a young girl sang loudly.
"Hiy, ho!  Hwa ist Þin?  Ney man utan i deurja minn."  A nude young woman, perhaps in her mid-teens, ran among the posts, dipping her long blond hair out from the ring from time to time before she ran back into the array, never stopping her prancing and never stopping her singing.  "Pra kwema, sayje Hwo-de.  O, t'Þingaz ekan weljon yabh u ye!"
Cardea sighed and shook her head.  This will be far more difficult than I believed.
The girl sang and sang and continued her dance.  Then, out of sight, the robed man cried out from within the posts, "Sumara ist kuman in!"
The people responded in kind, "Sumara ist kuman in," and they began to sing a jaunty tune, swaying from side to side as they remained prostrated toward the rings, "Sumara ist kuman in!  Hluðas sengen gauku!"
She withdrew from the revelry and muttered to herself, "I shall be here an age."
The ceremony continued for nearly an hour, and when the people began to disperse, Cardea reached into her satchel and removed some of the goods she had brought for barter.  She started with the colorful linen blankets and then she spied a leather necklace with a pendant made up of concentric circles.  This they will appreciate.
Some of the people walked back toward the homes and they were startled by the sight of a cloaked figure in the middle of their throughway.  Domosi smiled widely and bowed toward them.  Not knowing what gesture she might use next, she decided to just speak.  "I am Cardea.  I have traveled far, from the south.  I bring goods for trade."  She lifted the blanket and necklace as men pushed aside the women and scanned the newcomer from head to toe.  She smiled at them, too.  One then mumbled something and made the other man laugh.  
An older woman walked around them and approached, bringing her hands together and bowing.  Cardea replicated the motions and the old woman looked at the blanket.  She patted it and marveled at its soft texture.  "Eat?" she said.  She brought her hands to her mouth to mime the act and the woman waved for her to follow.
As they moved through the crowd, the visitor saw that there were more than a hundred people watching closely, including several of the black-robed ceremonial dancers.  The old woman brought her to a round house and they both bent low to get inside.  Cardea was hit with a blast of heat and when she emerged from the short door-tunnel and stood, she saw a large hearth at the center of the round room.  The smooth, stone floor was even all around and there were stone chests built into the wall and two beds of wood and straw.
The newcomer smiled and bowed toward the old woman as she lifted a small metal cauldron onto the fiery pile of wood.  She walked around the hearth and took the blanket from Domosi with a smile.  She sat on the side of a bed and held it against her face, closing her eyes for a moment.
As she sat on a small wooden stool, Cardea said, "I am pleased you enjoy it."
Her eyes opened.  "Spreken juz kunana ne?"
"I do not know what you are saying."
The old woman nodded and then stirred whatever was in the pot.  She raised a spoon up and said emphatically, "Foðran."
"'Foðran?'" Cardea repeated.  The old woman smiled and nodded.  "Food?  Stew?  Which … Damn."
"Ho Þin!" someone yelled from outside.  "Hin ist t'Teuton."
The white-robed man entered through the short tunnel and stood erect within the home.  "Ho, widuw."  He turned and looked at Cardea.  He was in his fifties and wore a white cap on his balding head.  He placed the ceremonial staff against the wall and moved toward the visitor.  "Juz ist strengen, ja?"
The old woman said, " Spreken wiba kunana ne."
The man laughed and looked at Domosi again.  He bent toward her and lightly brushed her hair.  Her muscles tensed and she nearly withdrew, but she stopped herself in case she might offend them.  "Gladi."  He then put his hand on her back and looked toward the old woman.  "Karojana juz t'wiba?"
"Ja.  Minn herÞa ist dinn herÞa."
"Goud."  He took the staff from the wall and held it out from himself, horizontal to the ground, and faced the woman.  "Bloðisjanan ye."  He turned and did the same toward Cardea.  "Bloðisjanan ye."  Then, he ducked and exited the home.
Cardea exhaled, not realizing she had held her breath for the last few moments.
The old woman shook her head and stirred the now-steaming pot.  "Witen wiÞra t'Teuton," she said with a grunt.  "Man weljon frachen ye."  Then she laughed.
The visitor took a deep breath and smelled the hearty stew being cooked.  She smiled and said in a chuckle, "I do not know what you have said."
After spending the day helping the old woman wash the village's clothes, they worked at learning vocabulary.  In the night as the fires died down, Cardea wrote a note on a small piece of paper.  She slipped out of the woman's home and walked back to the ridge with the sentry stones.  In looking at them in the night, she could not recall which had been the first one she approached.  She knelt by the outside face and felt the ground for the metal vial she had placed there.  Not this one.  She looked in each direction and went to the one on her right.  She found the vial there and sealed her note inside.  Once she replaced it in the ground, she snuck back into the village and into the woman's home.

"Sunna is the god of all, the Dayfire above," the old woman said.
"Do you know the name Apollo?" Domosi asked.
"Ne."
"Apollo is my people's name for Sunna."
"Ah.  Good."  She bent low and picked up the next tunic from the dirty pile and dipped it into the stream's water.
Cardea did the same and began to scrub a pair of trousers on the wet rocks.  "What about the other deoi," she paused, having inserted a bit of Early Virgan into her Teuton sentence, "um, gods?"
The old woman looked up with an incredulous expression.  "None but Sunna."  She slapped the shirt against the rocks.  "Sunna is god of all, and grandfather of the Teutons."
Cardea translated Widow Ermunahild's words as quickly as she could.  "Grandfather?"
"Ancestor."  She looked up and saw the group of men staring at Cardea and sighed.  "Sunna fathered the first Teuton here at the lakes, and all Teutons are descended from he."
The proper name she heard most often when she arrived was "Teuton," and she took to calling the people that in her head and notes back home, but she came to learn that it was the local word for "priest" and that this village was Iriminon; its people the Iriminones.  In her three months with these people, she had learned a great deal and the widow seemed keen to help her learn.  Lonely since the death of her husband, I am certain.
"The men have their eye upon you again."
Domosi glanced across the stream and saw four sitting on the opposing bank amid the tall blades of blue-green grass, whispering to each other.  "Have they no work?"
Ermunahild chuckled.  "Midday it is.  Lunch."
She put the clean trousers aside and grabbed a dirty tunic.  "I know about Sunna, but what of Ægir?"  The widow's eyes widened and she whipped her head toward her.  "I have heard …"
"Mind your tongue, girl.  Say not that name when your hands and feet are in his realm."
Cardea looked down at herself and saw that she was partially in the stream.  A fearsome water god?  Not god, if Sunna is the only.  What then?
"Ho there!" one of the men across the stream yelled out.  "I see you handle the clothes," he grabbed his crotch, "come over and handle me cock!"  The others laughed and cheered.
Domosi narrowed her eyes.  "I did not understand all of that."
"You needn't have.  Pay them no mind."
She could guess what he said, though.  She wound up the tunic into a thick, long shape and stroked it gently for a moment.  The men cooed and scrambled toward the stream.  Then, Cardea violently beat the tunic against the rocks, causing the one who yelled out at her to shake his head, while the others laughed uproariously.  The widow laughed, too, and the offended young man stood up from the ground and said, "I'll come and frak you until you know your place, foreign whore!"
"Ho!" Ermunahild yelled as she jumped up.  "Mind your mouth, Balthawin the Younger!"  The other men were now standing and pulling the angry one away.  "I'll have words with your father!"
"I'll frak you as well, you old bitch!"
Ermunahild scoffed.  "You'd not know what to do if I let you!"  The others had successfully pulled Balthawin away and the group returned toward the fields.  The widow groaned as she sat back on the bank.
With the best words she could think of in this new language, Domosi asked, "He said not good things?"
"Not good at all."  She was short of breath and slow to resume the wash.  "Mind them well and be not alone."
"You have said to mind many men here.  Even the Teuton.  Why are the men so … viaiomen … um," she punched her fist into her palm.
"Angry?  Violent?  Eh."  Ermunahild shook her head, "You should mind the men for you are fair on the eyes and young yet.  Be not alone, I say, as they'll have their way with you."
"Women are not well here.  Well … kept?  Women must walk after the men in your rites, save the seers.  Women serve the men's meals before the women and the men must take first bite."  Ermunahild began to nod.  "Women cannot lead the village or work some tasks.  Men must give women permission to speak in village gatherings."
"True enough."
"May a woman be Teuton?"
"Ha!" Ermunahild laughed.  "No.  Teutons are the sons of Sunna.  Not the daughters."
"Why are these things so?"
The widow looked up from the water and thought.  "Always the way."  She shrugged and returned to the scrubbing.  "Nothing for it."
In the evening, in the widow's home after they had eaten, Cardea sat on the floor and sprawled out away from the fire because she found its heat to be too much.  "We are far from the stream," she began, "so can you speak of Ægir?"
Ermunahild sighed and wiped her mouth.  "I suppose.  Ægir is a demon of the water.  The lakes, the streams, the bog.  He is the opponent of Sunna and Ægir seeks to claim the world above the water for his own realm, which is under it."
Domosi nodded and said, "I came on the first day of summer, at the calling of Sunna.  But there was a rite after that, at night.  The people gathered near the bog and the Teuton walked on a wooden path toward the center within a ring of stones."
"Yes.  The first crafts and goods of the summer are placed in the bog to appease him."  The old widow saw Cardea's confusion and added, "To please him."
"I see."
"Rites such as these for both Sunna and Ægir are held at the turn of the seasons and with the fullness of Mænon."
The visitor knew that to be the Teutonic word for Hibernia, Virgo's moon.  "Thank you for teaching me."
"I am happy to."  When the young woman reached toward one of the near stone bins and removed her stack of small paper pages and charcoal pencil, Ermunahild asked, "Writing again?"
"I learn better when I do."
"As you say."  The widow stood and gathered the bowls and took them toward a small water basin.
Cardea wrote a few new vocabulary words, as well as some details on their religious beliefs.  Then, at the bottom she wrote, "My dear brother.  After three months in this place, I find myself longing for the warm wind and cliffs of Adria.  I know not how much longer I need remain in Iriminon, but I will abide until I feel the people are ready for your coming, whether in peace or not.  I pray the Lords keep you and our kingdom well."
She folded the page and slipped it into a pocket of her dress.  "It is warm in here, so I will walk for a time outside."
"Very well," Ermunahild said from across the room without looking back.
Domosi picked up her cloak and stooped her way through the door-tunnel.  In the dark outside, she saw a few distant hearths glowing through their windows.  She turned and walked away from the ring of homes toward the farms and storehouses.  She noticed the nightwatchman some distance away and gave him an exaggerated nod.  He saw her often on her "walks" and they chatted if they were near enough to each other.  She went through the field of barley and then up the ridge to the sentry stones.  After finding the metal vial and seeing no note in it for her, she put her latest missive inside and returned it to the ground.
She returned through the field and walked alongside a storage building.  From the darkness, a large hand covered her mouth and pulled her against the stone wall.  It held her tight and she felt the weight of someone behind her, holding her in place and pinning her arms under herself.
"Remember me, whore?"
The man reached down and hiked Cardea's cloak and dress above her rear and groped her skin.  She screamed as loud as she could against his hand and tried to bite it to no avail.  When she felt the warmth of his penis press against her ass, she summoned all her strength and freed her right arm.  She reached behind herself and wrapped her fingers around his shaft and testicles.  Then she wrenched them.
He cried out and faltered, but Domosi spun around and clapped her hand over his mouth.  She pushed him against the wall, causing the crown of his head to thunk against the stone.  Dazed, his eyes rolled for a moment before she wrenched again and he tried to scream.
She hissed, "Hear me, Balthawin the Younger!  If ever you speak to me or touch me again, I will cut your cock from you!"  She remembered the word he had used at the stream and hoped she had interpreted its meaning correctly.
Quickly, he nodded and she released him, backing away a meter or so after.  He caught his breath and then said, "I will tell my father, you bitch!"
"Will you tell him that you were beaten by a foreign woman?  I think not."
"I will frak you one day, you whore."  She reached for his groin again and he took off running, though his trousers remained about his ankles.
Back at Ermunahild's house, Cardea tossed her cloak onto her bed and saw that her hand was shaking.  She had broken out into a cold sweat and she felt warmed by the fire.  She saw the widow by the stone cabinets on the far side of the hearth and went toward them.  Inside of one, she found a short knife and picked it up.  As she studied it, she asked, "May I have this?"
Ermunahild squinted at it and said, "You may.  It is old.  I have another for cooking."  When Domosi walked to her side of the room, the old woman asked, "Why do you want it?"
"For my walks."

"Ho, Lady Athalwulfa," Domosi said into the house's door-tunnel.  "I have your wash."
A moment later, she saw a blond head of hair stooping to emerge from the home and a young woman looked up at Cardea.  "Good day."
"Ah, Young Ingetrud."  The outsider smiled and passed the bundle of clothes to her.  "Widow Ermunahild said your mother will trade the month's washing for a newly carved bowl."
"My mother is carving the bowl yet."
"Thank you."  
Domosi turned to leave, but the girl grabbed her arm and spoke softly, "I have heard a thing."
Since she had come to this village, she had rarely been touched by another and she had very few conversations as most of the people were wary of her.  Surprised by Ingetrud's actions, her eyebrows raised and she responded, "What have you heard?"
The young woman looked in each direction and whispered, "That Balthawin the Younger intended to have his way with you and you fought him."
She hesitated, not wanting to sow division here.  "It is true."
Ingetrud grinned and asked, "What did you do?"
"I took his cock in hand and swore to cut it from him should he touch me again.  He fled."
She almost laughed but she repressed her joy and flexed her mouth until the smile was gone.  "And he has not tried a second time?"
"No."
She nodded and her gaze became distant.  "That is well.  I shall remember that."  After another brief smile, the girl ducked and reentered her home.  Cardea remained and wondered.
The next day as she washed clothes at the stream, Ingetrud and two other girls came to her side.  Ermunahild scowled at them and said, "Have you come to learn my trade?  To take it from me?"
"No, Widow Ermunahild," Ingetrud said.  "We've come to speak with the Stranger."
The old woman grunted and Domosi said, "My name is Cardea."
"Cardea."  The three girls knelt on the bank of the stream and Ingetrud spoke softly, "I have told my friends about Balthawin the Younger and your vow against him."
"'Vow,'" she repeated.
"Yes."  The young women leaned closer, expectantly, and Ingetrud whispered, "Teach us how to do this."
Her eyes narrowed and she stopped scrubbing a dress against a wet rock.  "How do I teach … has Balthawin or others had their way with you all?"  Slowly, they nodded.  Anger and rage surged toward her face and she felt its heat.  She was broken from the sensation when the widow tapped the rock next to her hands.  Cardea began scrubbing again and she said, "A man who must fight a woman to claim her is not deserving of that or any woman.  No man should touch a woman when she does not desire it."  She scrubbed a little too hard and she thought she heard a stitch tear.  She slowed and added, "I cannot teach such a thing.  I can only tell you the words and then you must believe them."  She glanced at the girls and said, "And defend yourselves."
The trio smiled and Ingetrud asked, "Is that the way of things in your home?"
"Yes.  Women are well-treated in Adria."  She held the dress up to see if it was now clean, and she muttered, "Unlike here."
"Run along to your work," Ermunahild said.  Ingetrud and the others stood and left quickly.  As she dunked a tunic into the stream, she looked at Cardea with concern.  "Mind yourself.  Tis dangerous talk for young ears."
"I know you say there is naught to be done for it, but that is not so."  She arched her back and stretched her arm and sore shoulder. 
Ermunahild grunted again and kept washing.  She chuckled some and said, "Though Balthawin may be better for it should his cock be cut from him."  She looked at Domosi's stack of clean clothes.  "Take yours to the house and hang them.  I'll be 'round soon after in time for Sunna's rest and the evening's rites."
A short while later as the sun set, the pair left their round house and blended with the stream of others as they made their way around the Ritual Rings, the concentric circles of tall wooden posts at the center of the village.  On the far side, they passed an Offering Tree.  Small posts ringed an upturned tree whose roots stretched into the sky above their heads and whose branches were buried in the soil.  An appeasement to the demon Ægir; a gift from the world above to the world below.  Beyond the Offering Tree, about one hundred meters from the center of Iriminon, there was the edge of the bog.
The realm of the demon, the sight and smell of it took on a different pallor now that Cardea better understood the myth surrounding Ægir.  The foul stench seemed more like death than simply mold and moisture.  There was a haze above the water and moss, caused by the heat of the day escaping into the cool of the coming night.  The setting sun in the west wavered in the distortion and the aquatic plants gave off their blue hue more freely.  Sentry stones, smaller than those that ringed the village, encircled a large portion of the bog.  A walkway of planks extended from the solid ground and into the water, to the center of the ring of stones.  The old wood seemed to float freely, though the path was moored by ancient ropes and vines.  
The crowd parted and the black-clad seers cried out from the Ritual Rings.  The people fell to their knees and Domosi followed suit, though she kept her head somewhat raised.  Eight seers filed out from the Rings, each of them carrying some item.  A few carried stalks of grain, some carried a bundle of sticks, one carried a cage with a bird inside.  After them came the Teuton, moving his white staff over the heads and bodies of the prostrated people.  Soon, all of them stepped onto the walkway and they continued their ritualistic, non-sensical chanting as they danced and skipped out over the bog.  The path swayed with their movement and the Teuton nearly lost his footing once, but he regained it.  The items were put on and around a small pile of stones at the end of the path and the seers returned along the walkway, swaying and humming loudly as they did.  Once the women returned to the solid ground, they took up equidistant positions behind the people and flailed their arms in the air.
The Teuton stood on the southern side of the pile with his arms wide and he looked toward the west.  He cried out, "Hear me, Sunna!  Dayfire!  Father of all!"  The Iriminones sat up onto their haunches and faced the center of the bog.  "The harvest has come and all thank you for your blessings and bounty!  All thank you!"
"We thank you, Sunna!" the people cried out, "Dayfire!  Father of all!"
"We return unto you some of the bounty you have given unto us!"  He reached into the cage and withdrew the little bird.  At this distance, Cardea couldn't discern its age or type.  The Teuton slit the bird's throat, spraying the wheat and barley with its blood.  After holding the dead creature over it for a moment, he placed it atop the offering and then took a torch from the side of the path.  He ignited the stalks and stepped part of the way down the path where he got on his knees and bowed toward the west.  The people followed suit and they remained low to the ground until the small pyre had died and the sun had nearly vanished.
The grass of the fields surrounding them glowed blue with the waning light from the sun.  The bog glowed, too, though its light seemed more fluid and beholden to some unseen movement beneath the surface.  When the light of the sun was gone and the distant sky was but the faintest orange, the Teuton rose up and faced the people.
"Sunna is gone, and in his place, Ægir grows stronger.  We thank you, Ægir, for sparing our lives and our fields."
"We thank you, Ægir," the people answered.
"We pray you stay your hand further and spare us your wrath."  He stepped toward the burnt offerings and lifted a scorched plank.  "We give unto you, Ægir, that which Sunna did not claim."  He spilled the ashes and unburned bits into the water.  "And we give unto you more so your hunger may be sated."  The Teuton picked up the remaining small bundles of wheat and barley.  He held them out from his body, over the water, and he knelt, gently placing them on the surface.  He stood again and faced the people, "Now we will welcome the harvest and ward against the coming of Ægir with our revelry!"  The Teuton returned down the long walkway and the seers lit torches all around the Ritual Rings and the village.  
The people cheered and she looked at Ermunahild.  "'Revelry?'" Domosi asked loudly, struggling to be heard over the people's cheers.
The old woman smiled.  "Now you will have the beuza."  Cardea ticked her head in confusion.  "A drink made from barley.  It is a good drink."
In the space between the Ritual Rings and the homes, tables had been placed and food rested on them all, including large tankards of beuza.  Domosi drank it and winced at the taste for a moment, but after she swallowed, the sensation of bubbles on her tongue and throughout her mouth made her eyes widen.  The bitter flavor seemed to fade and it was replaced with the sweetness of honey.  Slowly, she looked at Ermunahild and said, "It is a good drink!"
"So I said."
She drank for a time and watched the seers dance, and they danced without rest for more than an hour.  In the darkness, she saw the Teuton standing near one of the tall wooden posts by the Rings, speaking with both Balthawin the Elder and the Younger.  She felt nervous for a moment and then looked away.  She saw Ingetrud and her friends smiling and laughing as they ate.  They saw her looking at them and began to walk toward her, but they suddenly stopped and changed directions.  She wondered what had happened until someone touched her shoulder.
"Stranger Cardea."
She turned and saw the smiling face of the village priest.  She bowed a little toward him.  "Teuton."
"I would speak with you."
Domosi looked at the widow who glared at the man.  Finally, their eyes met and the old woman raised a single eyebrow.  "Yes, Teuton."
They walked away from the festival and once the sound became more bearable, she feared going too far or into the dark.  She came to a stop by one of the many lit torches and the priest saw this.  He stopped, too, and turned to face her.
"I hope you are enjoying your time in Iriminon."
"I am, with thanks to Widow Ermunahild."
"Yes.  She has taught you well."  He looked back toward the people and then into her eyes.  He stepped a bit closer and she tensed.  She placed her hand on her hip, atop the concealed knife, and he asked, "Do you desire to remain among us for longer?"
"I do not know.  I had not yet considered my departure."  I've not heard from my brother how long I must remain.
"Good.  If you desire to stay," he stepped closer again, "I would need you to join me in a ritual to Sunna.  This would prove your belief and bind you to our people."
She bowed her head again.  "I am honored, Teuton."
"And I bless you.  I have but one question."  She nodded, waiting.  "Are you yet a maiden?"
Cardea blinked in confusion.  "Forgive me.  I do not know what you say."
"Have you been bedded?"
Now she understood.  Her head swam due to the drink and the annoyance.  "I have, Teuton."
"Ah," he shook his head.  "A shame.  Truly, a shame.  If you had joined with me in the winter rites, you would be bound with our people and I may provide Sunna with a new Teuton."
"Forgive me again, …"
"Now, if you wish to join us, you must do so through marriage to one of our men."
"Teuton," she raised her hand to stop his flight, which was already underway, "you are not wed?"  He shook his head.  "Children are born unto you by way of these rites?"
"Yes," he laughed at her naïveté.  "You witnessed one such rite with the coming of summer.  Your first day in Iriminon."
She remembered the chants and the ritual screaming and dancing.  The pleas to Sunna and the crystalline voice of the naked girl among the Ritual Rings … She whipped her head toward the party and realized that one of Ingetrud's friends was that girl.  She became lightheaded now with anger.  "Girls are …"
"Sunna, in his fullness, comes upon the world in the summer, and his son," he gestured toward himself, "his vessel, continues the Teutons in such a way with those selected from among the people."  He saw shock upon her face.  "Perhaps Widow Ermunahild has not taught you well enough."  
Cardea's eyes were distant and she now ignored the man.  Seeing this, he walked away.  After a moment to gather herself, she returned to the festival and stood next to Ermunahild.  The old woman sipped from her tankard and asked, "Did he try to frak you?"
After a sigh, she answered, "Yes."
The widow's eyebrows shot up and she drank again.  "Warned you, I did."

"When a daughter has her first blood, the Teuton is told.  At the winter and summer rites to Sunna, the Teuton will choose from among these daughters of the village and bed them within the Ritual Rings.  Sunna blesses us with his coming and going and the Teuton hopes he will be blessed with the coming of a son nine months after."
Domosi seethed.  She now understood it all.  The Teuton would lie with the girls of the village and then, once the Teuton had his pick, the young men would choose from among them to rape and terrorize.  She ground her teeth for several long moments before she asked, "How does a woman, a mother, abide in a place where such things might befall her daughter?"
Ermunahild scowled.  "It is the way of things in all the villages by the lakes.  It may not be your way in Adria," she said with sarcasm, "but …"
"It is not this way in Adria, nor in any realm I have known!"  She stomped toward the cowering widow and kept her volume high, "Had your people not forgotten the Lords of Kobol and the love of Hera, Athena, Aphrodite, … all the goddesses, you would know that a woman's place is not beneath a man but by his side!"
"Goddesses?" she asked.
Cardea bared her teeth and growled in frustration.  "This place!  These men have you all bent to the whims of their cocks!  And they cloak their desire with fear!  Fear of them and their false god!"
Now Ermunahild raised a hand and hit Domosi's arms.  "Speak no ill of Sunna by my hearth!"
Cardea pushed against the widow and she fell back onto her bed.  "I will speak ill of Sunna and all those who have been cowed by his messengers!"  She grunted again and went to her own bed and lifted her cloak from its foot.
Panting, Ermunahild grumbled, "So you've gone then."
She began to repent her anger.  I've placed it in the lap of the wrong person.  "I do not know.  No.  I must walk for a time."
Still breathing heavily, the widow asked, "Will you work today at the stream?"
"Perhaps."  She bent toward the door-tunnel and said, "I will return."
She stepped out of the home and closed her eyes in the morning light.  Cool air blew from the lakes, the coldest she had felt since her arrival in Iriminon.  When she opened her eyes, she saw only a few people about.  She turned to her right and walked out toward the surrounding fields.
In the early light, the distant blue ridge glowed and she headed directly for her sentry stone.  Domosi stood on the ridge and looked east toward the plains and forest, then south toward her home.  She took a step away from the stone and hesitated.  She wanted for all the world to start walking, but she stopped herself.  She reached into her pocket, removed her thinning sheets of paper, and wrote a note, begging to be freed from her commitment and allowed to return.  As she knelt to place it in the metal vial, she froze again.  She thought of Ermunahild, Ingetrud, and the other women of Iriminon.  Angrily, she balled up her first note and sat on the blue-green grass.  Quickly, she scrawled in tiny lettering all that she had learned and filled the front and back of each of the three remaining slips of paper.  She rolled them tightly and placed them in the tube.  When she stood, she felt freer.  Unburdened.  
She returned to the village and saw that there was more activity.  She came close to the widow's home but realized she was likely already at the stream, so she changed course to walk around the Ritual Rings.  As she did, she saw Ingetrud coming the other way with a full water bucket and her head hung low.  Cardea moved toward her and the girl saw this.  She lifted her head a little and Domosi could see bruising on her cheek and around her eye.  Her lower lip was split.  Cardea's skin went cold and she began to walk toward her, but there was a commotion to the left, from the stream.
"Summon the Teuton!"
Domosi looked toward it and the people running in that direction.  She looked back at Ingetrud, but the young woman was gone.  Cardea jogged toward the stream and saw a crowd standing around the bank near the collection of rocks that they used for their work.
"Ermunahild?!" she cried out and ran for the people.  They parted and she saw the old woman slumped into the stream with her right side beneath the water.  "Why have you not aided her?"  She waded into the slight current and pulled the woman's arm.  With effort, Ermunahild was upright again and Domosi was able to get her to the shore.
"Ægir had claimed her," one man said.
Cardea shook her head and parted the widow's mouth.  "She did not drown."  She placed her head on her chest and thought she heard a weak beat, but she wasn't certain.  
As she laid her flat on the ground, someone else said, "She may not have drowned, but she has gone to Ægir nonetheless, it seems."
"Not yet."  Domosi placed her mouth over Ermunahild's and blew deeply into her.  Then, she straightened and put her hands atop each other over her chest.  She pressed down, hard, once each second.  She looked up at the growing crowd and saw their confusion and concern.  After several seconds, she bent over the widow's mouth again and blew.  After the second such exhalation, Ermunahild coughed and flailed her arms.  
The people gasped and backed away.  "Witchcraft."  "Sorcery," they muttered.
Cardea didn't know these words, but she could easily interpret their fear.  "Do not worry.  She suffered a failing of the heart.  I needed only to stir it to action and give air to her lungs."
"What has happened?" the Teuton said as he emerged from the frightened people.
"Witchcraft," someone said.
Another explained, "The Widow Ermunahild had fallen into the stream and was claimed by Ægir.  The Stranger removed her and performed magics to revive her."
The Teuton's eyes widened and he held his white staff before him as a ward against Domosi.  He looked down at the old woman and saw her dazed expression.  "Are these words true?"
"They are madness," Cardea said.  "She fell into the stream, yes, and was stricken by an ailment, but I have aided her with my knowledge of healing."
"And where come you by such knowledge?"
She hesitated.  The Stone of Kobol and the texts of the gods within.  These would not aid my defense.  "From my people."
"What has happened?" Ermunahild asked.
Domosi looked down into her face and smiled.  "You fell ill but I have revived you.  I am sorry if I …"
The Teuton spoke angrily, "Would she lie there dead in the stream were it not for your deeds?"
The widow looked up at the Teuton and then at the woman above her.  "Is this so?  Was I gone to Ægir?"
She jerked her head toward the still-frightened crowd.  "They may say, yet you were not dead."
"Stranger Cardea," the Teuton pronounced as he raised his staff high, "you have taken from Ægir what was rightfully his and you have performed foul crafts in our realm!"
Domosi slowly stood and clenched her fists.  "Madness."
"The Widow Ermunahild should not live, yet you have possessed her with some spirit from Ægir."  He nodded and finished, "Thus are you a spirit of Ægir as well."
Incredulous, she squinted and said, "This makes no sense.  If Ægir had claimed her and I gave her a spirit from Ægir, then what …"
"Seize her."
Several jumped forward from the crowd to grab her and she tried to turn toward the water.  A few grasped at her arms and clothes when she withdrew her knife.  She slashed at two of the people who assailed her, wounding them, but as she was slowed, several others came forward and were able to restrain her.  They threw her on the ground roughly and ropes were brought forward.  While some started to tie her, she saw others beginning to bind Ermunahild.
"What are you doing to her?!  Free her!" she cried out.  
"The Widow Ermunahild is dead," the Teuton said.  "The spirit of Ægir that you have breathed into her remains."
The old woman did not struggle, but panic came over her face.  "I feel as myself.  I am well.  Weary, yet well."
The Teuton bowed closer to her and said, "So a spirit of Ægir might say."
"What are you doing?!"  She was lifted by several men and carried.  "Where are we going?!"  
"You will both be returned to the realm of Ægir whence you came."
Domosi thrashed and cried as the procession moved from the stream toward the homes and then the Ritual Rings.  They turned west toward the bog and all of Iriminon had now heard and come out to see.  More than a hundred people surged behind them and began to chant and sing praises to Sunna.  When she heard footsteps on the wooden path and felt the swaying of the planks in water, she stopped struggling and gasped for breath.
"Women of Iriminon!" she yelled out.  "You must rise against the Teuton!"
"Stay your tongue, witch!" someone beneath her said.
"No daughters should be raped by the Teuton!  Nor by the men of your village!"  The man nearest her head reached up and wrapped his hand over her mouth.  She tried to shake her head free, but she couldn't.
At the end of the path, both women were set down against the sooty pile of stones.  Ermunahild was weeping but Cardea wrestled herself upright and glared at the men who now departed.  "Fetch a cloth to close her mouth," the Teuton said.
All of Iriminon was gathered on dry ground thirty meters away.  Some were still cheering and singing but many were not.  Domosi took a deep breath and spoke loudly so all might hear.  "Teuton, you are a small man who hides himself behind large ideas!  Gods!  Fear!  The people believe they cannot fight against those and so you are shielded!"
He slapped her twice across the face, sending her to the boards of the floating platform.  "Silence, demon witch!"
She sat up and spat blood from her mouth.  A group came up the walkway again carrying several things, but her eyes focused on the man with a white cloth.  "You will pay!  You will all pay!  The Lords of Kobol will have their wrath and my brother will be the one …"  The fabric was knotted tightly behind her head and she coughed as well as she could.  The sides of her cheek were pulled back and she nearly gagged on it and her own tongue.
Women bowed around the small pile of stones behind her and smeared ashes on their faces.  Cardea knew then that these were the seers, scrambling to go about their work.  They circled the pyre for a moment and then pranced down the path back toward the village.
The Teuton raised his staff and cried, "People of Iriminon, hear me!  The Stranger among us has defiled us!  She is a witch of Ægir, a demon from the lower realm!  She has bedeviled the Widow Ermunahild and given unto her a spirit of Ægir that we must now free!"
The weeping old woman was taken to the edge of the platform by two men.  The Teuton stood by her and said, "I shall miss you."  He pointed a long blade toward the water and said, "From Ægir were you taken and to him you return!"  He raked the knife across her throat and blood sprayed out into the water.  She gasped and tried to claw for her neck despite her binds, but she was pushed and fell face first into the bog.  She had only partially sunk, buoyed by moss and other plants, and her body shook for several long moments.
Domosi cried and strained one last time against her tight ropes.  A pair of men lifted her up and a seer opened a bundle of straw.  Like a thick blanket, it was wrapped around her and tied.  She couldn't see through the dry stalks and she was laid back onto the pile of stones.  She felt hands on her ankles and she tried to kick unsuccessfully.  Then, there was pain.  Sharp, stinging agony as she was impaled on a spear.  She screamed against the gag to no avail and thrashed for a moment until the pain increased.  She began to shake with chills and then she was lifted up from the stones and the end of the spear was placed into the bog.  Domosi's weight caused her to slide down the spear until its large point ground to a halt against her lower ribs and spine.  Dizzy with anguish and the loss of blood, she heard the Teuton cry out again but she didn't know what he said.
"The witch of Ægir shall be punished for her sins in the sight of Sunna, so that he might forgive us for giving her shelter!"
Heat.  She felt it first and then she heard the crackle of fire about her.  Flames lapped up the straw and consumed her clothes and hair.  She tried to scream again and again but, mercifully, the pain sent her into unconsciousness.  
The people of Iriminon cheered and sang to Sunna again.  The seers danced on the bank of the shore.  As the fire about the body began to die, the Teuton raised his staff and said loudly, "To Ægir are you returned!"
A man hefted an axe and swung it against the shaft of the spear.  It cracked and glowing ashes from the offering fell into the bog.  On the second stroke, the wooden pole snapped and Cardea's remains dropped into the water with a splash.

In Adria, the first land on Virgo settled by the exiles from Kobol, the stone castle was in disrepair.  Alcid stood outside and looked up at the old walls as he spoke with an engineer.
"The western walls are all that remain of the original structure, majesty.  Do you wish to preserve it?"
Twenty-six years old, the dark-haired king shook his head.  "Not as key to the whole.  A portion of it, perhaps, as a memorial to the Castra Consus of old."
"Certainly."
"The effort will be great I have heard."  The engineer only nodded.  "If my plans come to fruition, we will require a fortress in good repair and defensive walls all about Adria."
"So I have been directed," she said, "and so it will be done."
"Thank you, engineer."  The woman bowed and turned away.  Alcid, however, remained and looked at the tall structure, wondering what his ancestors had thought as they struggled to bring their people up to the standards of the Texts.
"My lord."  Alcid turned and saw one of his soldiers pointing into the north.  "A horse approaches with haste."
The king squinted and saw a tunic of blue and silver.  "I believe he is a friend of ours."  The figure disappeared beneath a distant ridge and he began to walk toward the main road.  He knew, moments later, the horseman would be allowed in through the gate and journey this way.  To his surprise, before he even reached the main road, the rider bounded up the path with a plume of dust at his rear.
"Hold there!" Alcid said as he raised his hand.
The figure jerked the reins and the horse skidded to a stop.  Out of breath, the man lowered his head and said, "My king.  I … have come from …"
"Are you not the dux limitis of the northwest?"
"I am, majesty.  I … have ridden for nine days to bring a message to you."
"Nine days?!  From the far northwest in only nine days?"
"Yes, majesty."
"Please, tend to your horse and gather yourself.  I will greet you within presently."
"Thank you, majesty."  Stablehands and other attendants were now coming out from the small castle and the surrounding village.  As the rider was aided, Alcid folded his hands behind his back and walked to the fortress' gate.
The dux limitis of the far northwest, he thought.  Where my sister has been.  He paused and looked back to see the horse being taken to a stable and the rider drinking water from a large container. A worry fell on his thoughts and he bit his lip, eager to know what the message was.
He entered the castle and quickened his pace toward the throne room.  In the antechamber, an aide was waiting and offered him a heavy dark blue robe.  He shook his head and turned toward the wall where his crown and scepter sat upon plush pillows.  Crafted from among the few remaining materials of the centuries-old spaceships, these items were rather new.  He didn't pick up the scepter with its shining silver star on the top of a globe, but he did take the blackened crown, a plain band with a wing from the Kobollian eagle on either side extending up and back from the sides.  After it was secure on his head, he moved past the kneeling aide and into the open chamber.
Three people were standing over a table with a map of Virgo on it.  They all looked toward the king with surprise and said, "Majesty.  We were not expecting your presence."
"Forgive me, legates, but there is a messenger come to Adria with news from the far northwest."
The older officers shared a look and nodded.  "Shall we remain, majesty?" one asked.
"Please."  At the head of the room near the table there was a small platform and on it rested a chair.  Simple in appearance, it was finely crafted from fair wood and upholstered with rich fabrics dyed after the blue of this world.  Its back rose up to rest the rear of the king's head and there was no symbol upon it, nor precious metal or jewel.  He sat and looked toward the attendant against the near wall.  "Summon the Council of Three."
"Yes, majesty."  The young girl left the room quickly.
The three legates approached the king's platform.  One asked, "Have you a notion as to the nature of the message, majesty?"
Being still conferred a kind of nervousness on him.  Alcid's fingers ran along the carving of the arms and he tapped on the wood.  "The dux limitis of the northwest has himself ridden to us in just nine days to bear this message."
"Nine days?"  The legates looked at each other again.  One faced the king and asked, cautiously, "Is it your sister, majesty?"
"That is my fear."  From the rear of the room, two people entered wearing long black robes.  They approached the throne and bowed.  "Thank you for coming, councilors."  The doors opened again and it was the messenger.  Alcid took a deep breath and muttered.  "Good."
He was still dirtied and sweating, but he had at least caught his breath.  He bowed low and said from that position, "Dux limitis Platon Liber, majesty."
"Thank you for coming so far in so short a time.  Please, tell us of this message."
Liber straightened and said as he glanced at the others in the room, "My task has been to watch the northwest villages and tribes and to evaluate their suitability for joining us.  In the past four months, I have also maintained a watch over the village of Iriminon where the Councilor Cardea Domosi has been."  The two other members of the Three looked at each other and Alcid sharply inhaled again, expecting the worst.  "Her last message," he held up a few small sheets of paper, "speaks regarding the treatment of women within the village and the ritual rape of girls for their god."
The councilors gasped and Alcid asked, "Did she fear being violated in such a manner?"
"She did speak of it.  That their priest, the Teuton, invited her for such a thing.  But, majesty," he flipped through the pages, "having read the priestess' messages for these last months, I have never beheld its like.  She writes with haste and with either fear or anger, I know not which."
"Knowing my sister, it is likely the latter."  He extended his hand and the dux limitis stepped forward, placing the pages there.  Alcid read silently and he, too, felt his blood boil at what she described.  Then, at the end of the final page, he read the last sentences aloud, "'My brother, what hope I had of these people blending with ours peacefully is dashed.  I pray,' is marked out, 'I beg that you send to me all manner of infantry and calvary that these foul lands may be wiped clean and the young freed to find hope for their lives in the light of the Lords of Kobol.'"
He sat back in the throne and rested the pages in his lap.  He thought for a long moment and Liber spoke, "I would gladly have taken my few soldiers and centurions into their realm to rescue her, majesty, but I believed her message and request should be seen by you before I act."
"Thank you, dux limitis, you are correct."
One of the Council of Three stepped forward.  "Majesty, a member of the Council has requested a military action and the remainder concur.  According to our histories, you must obey."
"See now," one of the legates said, waving his arm toward the woman, "King Alcid the Fourth is our ruler and only he may command the legions of Virgo."
"The kingship is a new thing, legate general," Alcid said.  "My father believed it was time to prepare ourselves, and I have acted upon that.  Virgo shall rise according to the plans laid forth in the Texts of Our Gods and Forefathers, but there is naught to say that the old ways have gone.  The warriors of Pictus and his confederates in the north and across the sea shall wait.  My sister has called for aid and I will bring it with fury, if need be."  The legates bowed.  "Legate General," he looked toward an older woman, "how many of your forces are prepared for travel?"
"I have three foot-legions, two horse-legions, and supply wagons for all."
"From what my sister has said, that would be enough to destroy all the villages of the lakes if needed, and more besides.  Do you concur, dux limitis?"
"I do, majesty."
"With permission," Pullo, the younger of the remaining councilors, stepped forward, "I should like to travel with the force to ensure as many as might shall find the Lords of Kobol."
"Granted.  Legate General, prepare your forces."
"Yes, majesty."
"And," he stood up from the chair, "prepare my guards.  I will travel to the northwest."
The legates looked at each other and one said, "Majesty, I do not think it wise.  The kingdom is but a newborn …"
"I know."  He pounded his fist on the arm of the throne and said, "This is my sister!  She may be a priest, a councilor among the Three, a keeper of the Texts and the Stone of Kobol, but she is my sister.  I will not leave her to heathens if there is a fear in her mind."
"Yes, majesty."
Alcid turned toward the oldest member of the Council.  "Naenia," the woman bowed, "I leave with you the charge of Adria and our kingdom.  Consult with the legates should our defense become imperiled."
"Yes, majesty."
"Should our force be destroyed and I am slain, by whatever means, you and my wife shall rule as regents until my daughter comes of age to rule on her own, and you shall name two others to the Council."
"Yes, majesty.  It will be done.  And what of the forthcoming tests, majesty?  Rocketry refinements are planned for the coming weeks."
"The schedule of our forefathers must be obeyed.  Conduct the experiments and proceed as you deem fit."  When Naenia bowed, he continued, "Councilor Pullo," Alcid faced the young man, "you have with you my sister's earlier messages?  The ones concerning these people's tongue?"
"I do."
"Bring them.  We may need such knowledge."

Despite their haste, the army's journey northwest across span of the continent had taken more than a month through both torrential rain and oppressive heat.  On more than one occasion, the king wanted to push ahead with the cavalry alone, but the legate general calmed his impatience.  Now, at night, they had come to the forest where Pluton Liber maintained a small post and the soldiers at the concealed watchtower had made places ready for the massive force.
The king sat on his horse looking away from the trees, across the wide plain, toward the ridge at the horizon and the faint sentry stones there.  He thought of Cardea and he wanted to ride there himself, alone, now.  Her messages were so descriptive and well written, he was sure he could find the way to Widow Ermunahild's home.  What little light he had began to fade as Hibernia set, so he turned his horse back toward the camp.  He would rest there for a few hours, until dawn.
"What is your plan, majesty?" the legate general asked.
"These people have no knowledge of horses, it seems."  He pointed to the crude model of the surrounding area on the ground, "The horse-legion will ride out at a calm pace, across the plain, over the ridge, and into the village.  Let them be awed by our presence and let my sister hear the panicked whispers among the people.  She will come to us before we reach the center, I am certain."  His gaze drifted.  "Or perhaps there waiting for us, by the Ritual Rings."
"Very well, majesty."
He took a deep breath and looked across everyone's eager faces.  "Let us ride."
Mist lingered about the tall, damp grass and the early light gave it a blue glow.  Hooves trod where none had before and twenty-four hundred mounted riders journeyed across the wide plain until the ridge raised before them and tall sentry stones loomed large.  The horses moved up the slope and they stopped at its zenith, looking down into Iriminon.  Wide fields of harvested wheat and barley were nearest and they saw a few people racing toward the distant structures in terror.
"Carry on," Alcid said.
The cavalry descended and moved slowly through the farms and around the storehouses.  They came to the rings of stone houses and the king took his horse to his left a few hundred meters.  He believed one of the houses in that area was Ermunahild's, but he couldn't tell which.  Still, he came to a stop when he saw a great empty space.  Stones were buried in the ground, outlining the foundation of one of these round houses and its hearth, but the home itself was gone.  The warm hope Alcid grasped in his heart began to loosen and he looked with fear toward the tall wooden posts at the center of the village.
"Majesty," the legate general called out.
Alcid rode to her and looked expectantly at her.  "Yes?"
"We are being watched."
The village was apparently empty, but they turned and looked at each of the homes within sight.  Faces cowered in the door-tunnels and eyes stared out from the slits that served as windows.  The king nodded and turned his horse in a circle.  "Cardea!"  There was no answer to his voice.  He rode around the tall Ritual Rings and called out again on the far side, "Cardea!"  By the time he reached the legate general again, he was breathing heavily and gripping the reins of his horse with all his strength.  His nostrils flared and he huffed, looking from one set of frightened eyes to another in the darkness of their hovels.
"Majesty," Councilor Pullo began, "perhaps you should call for the Teuton."
He nodded and licked his lips.  "Teuton!"  He looked in every direction.  "Kweme Teuton!"
Hearing nothing and seeing nothing, the king dismounted and tossed the reins to the legate general.  He walked about in the area between the homes where the space was not yet filled with cavalry.  His chain mail clinked and slapped against the metal of his sword.  The blue and silver of his tunic and cape were brighter than any color in Iriminon and he wondered if his appearance was simply too frightening.
"Majesty."
Alcid turned and saw a wide-eyed man, short, dressed in a white robe, meekly emerging from a structure some distance away.  He held a white staff and wore a white cap, and his pace toward the visitors was hesitant, to say the least.  The king approached him and the man stopped.  "Teuton?"
He nodded and croaked, "Ja."
Alcid hesitated and recalled the words he had practiced after reading his sister's messages.  "Hwi ist Strengen Cardea?"  The Teuton shook and his eyes opened wider.  Breath seemed to seep from his mouth but no sound.  "Hwi ist Strengen Cardea?"
"Dauðas," he whispered.
The king backed away and blinked quickly.  "Dauðas?"
"Majesty," Pullo was still on his horse, consulting the notes.  He deflated and shook his head.  "'Dead,' my king."
Alcid went still.  The color drained from his face and his shoulders dropped.  He felt empty and cold.  Then, as if his body had suddenly remembered, he breathed sharply and leapt toward the Teuton, grabbing him by the front of his robe.  The old man gasped and whispered wardings, but the king did not listen.  "Cardea ist minn swestr!"  
The Teuton stopped his muttering and again looked on the assailant in abject terror.  He dropped to his knees and began to pray.  "Sunna!  Sunna, nesan i …"
"Sunna will not save you," Alcid said, his voice breaking at the end.  He unsheathed his sword and the Teuton began to crawl away.  The king knocked the cap from his head and gripped the collar of the robe.  He slid the blade down the back and cut it and his under tunic from him, leaving the old man screaming and naked in the dirt.  He raised his sword high and prepared to swing it into the man's skull.  Instead, he was overwhelmed with grief and he backed away.  He turned, threw the sword into the ground where it stuck upright, and lowered his face into his hands.
After a few long moments when the only noise was the wind and the whimpering of the priest, the legate general softly asked, "Majesty, what are your orders?"
Slowly, he lifted his head and his eyes immediately went to the tall tops of the posts that made up the Ritual Rings.  "Signal the foot-legions.  Have them move in."
"Yes, majesty."  She made a sign to one of her aides and a pair of people on distant horses rode to the top of the ridge behind them and blew their horns.  Here, a kilometer away, the sound became haunting and wavered.  
"Legate general, the children are to be separated from the men and women when the legions arrive."
"Yes, majesty."
Alcid looked again at the cowering priest and then at the homes.  "Iriminones, kweme i!"  He saw a few people tentatively emerge from their homes.  "Ne furHtaz!"  Dozens were now out and slowly walking toward the king, staring with awe at the four-legged animals which bore these strangely attired men and women.  "Hwi Widuw Ermunahild?"
Few spoke at all, save to each other.  A young girl, blond, pointed into the west and said, "Muð."
"The bog?"  He turned to look and the girl spoke again.
"Cardea ist in muð mit jez."
The king walked away from the people and around the Rings' posts.  He saw the bog stretch toward the horizon then and the morning mist that still hung above it.  His eyes darted to the stone rings that surrounded it and then to the path that extended into the water.  He stepped on it tentatively, but once he had a feel for its stability, he walked its length and stopped at the pile of stones near the end.  
The smell was foul and it seemed to be only that of stagnant water and plant decay for a moment.  Then, he sensed death.  He looked into the sky and saw a distant raptor wheeling high above on the currents and he heard the songs of other birds around him.  There was a gurgle, a deep belch of some gas from the world beneath him and Alcid finally looked into the water.  Submerged ridges and clumps of moss are what drew his eye at first.  The water was murky and he could see little.  He scanned around the edge of the platform and then noticed a snapped pole stuck into the bog within a meter of the path.  What had that been?  He looked around it and saw beneath the water a slender white shape.  He thought it may be another pole until he noticed the curve at one end.  A bone.
The king turned away and felt ill.  To stave off the nausea, he gave in to his anger.  He reached down into the pyre and lifted stones from it, spreading ashes across the planks, and then tossed the stones into the bog.  He did so five or six times before he fell to his knees.  He stayed there for a long while, ignoring the cries in the village and then the shifting of the walkway as the legate general walked toward him.
"Majesty.  It is done.  The men and women are separated from the young."
He stood.  "Have units take the children back to the watchtower.  The rest and the Teuton are to be kept in the center of the village."
"Yes, majesty."
In a daze, the king followed her until the whimpering and moaning was all about him, but his head was low and his eyes cast toward the ground.  Finally, he raised his head and saw the cavalry surrounding the homes and hundreds of infantrymen nearer, with the village's adults on their knees and bound before him.  He danced his eyes over most of them until they came to rest on the nude, quaking Teuton.  His blood boiled again and he walked to his sword, still jammed in the ground upright since he stabbed it there some time ago.
"Hear me," he said to his soldiers, "the Teuton will be the last to die."  He withdrew the sword from the ground and held it out from himself, its point aimed at the villagers.  "Iriminon ist fulaz.  Cardea, dauðas.  Ermunahild, dauðas.  Manwa frachen … t'mayiðinan, omanwa yabh es," he shook his head, "ne.  Ubhila."
"'Iriminon is foul,'" Pullo translated for the others.  "'Men bed the maidens, women allow it, no.  Evil.'"
He ground his teeth and growled, "Iriminon ist dauðas!"  The people of the village shook in fear and Alcid said to a cohort leader, "Centurion, these posts are to be cut down and burned."
"Yes, majesty."
The king stood and watched the faces of the people as saws were brought into the village and the tall Ritual Rings were cut.  Horses were bound by ropes to them and the great wooden posts were pulled down and away.  The Teuton protested and wept the loudest, and Alcid stared at him as he bayed.  
"Bring the Teuton here," he pointed with his sword.  The nude man was dragged forward and thrown to the ground.  Alcid bent toward him and said, "Bloðan e Iriminon ist opo jez.  Bloðan e minn swestr ist opo jez."  
The old man wept again and wailed, shouting words the king didn't understand as Pullo translated again, "'The blood of Iriminon is on you.  The blood of my sister is on you.'"
The king pointed his sword at the crying adults.  "Bring his people here and slice their throats before him.  Then throw their bodies on the wood."
Alcid stepped back and watched as soldiers walked prisoners to the Teuton's face and slashed their blades across their necks.  Redness sprayed out and showered the man.  He cried and flailed as the soldiers dragged the twitching prisoners away, and so it was done for all ninety-two of the men and women of Iriminon, until the Teuton was all who remained.
Fire was placed against the stacked remains of the people and the Ritual Rings.  The Teuton, bathed in blood, wiped his eyes and screamed in anger at the blaze.  Alcid turned to face him and he held his sword's point against the man's chest.  The Teuton froze and the king swiftly moved the edge under his left arm and right, cutting tendons and ligaments.  The man screamed and fell to his knees.  He tried to raise his arms to staunch the bleeding but he could not.  Then, Alcid walked behind him and swiped at the tendons by his ankles.  Now he would not be able to walk.
The Teuton flailed on the ground and the king turned to the nearest centurion.  "Throw him on the fire."  Two soldiers complied.  "Kill him not.  Let him burn."
The Teuton struggled but it was for naught.  The men hoisted him high and threw him into the blaze with the posts and the other bodies.  He screamed for nearly a minute; a shrieking, terrible cry.  Finally, the man gurgled and the shade in the flames slumped down, silent.
While the fire crackled and spewed smoke high into the air, Alcid turned and saw the stumps of what had been the Ritual Rings.  He looked over them toward the bog far beyond as Pullo walked up to him.
"Majesty," the councilor said, "what of the Texts and the plan to bring the people of Virgo together before we venture to the other worlds?"
"The children who remain will join with us.  In thrall, perhaps, at the first."  He closed his eyes and faced toward the sun, feeling its early warmth.  "In time, they will be our people."
"Yes, majesty."
He opened his eyes, still staring into the sky.  With a haunted voice, he said, "How strange and foul the ways of mankind.  Three centuries after our flight from the home of the gods, and these people have remembered nothing.  It is as though one man, in this splinter of humanity upon the world, said to himself, 'I shall change our ways for my own benefit.'  And this he did, paying no heed to the gods, to the Councils, or my forebears."  He sighed and his torso shook in the cold air.  "Thus are these people like the savages of the north and east.  Thus shall they all pay."
Smoke drifted into his view and he looked down again, staring at his feet as he walked between the maze of stunted posts that had been the site of rites and rape for generations.  He came to an open space at the center and saw desiccated bundles of flowers and plants, perhaps some sort of offering to Sunna from the last ritual.  A wooden platform, bed shaped, lay on the ground at the center and Alcid kicked it away.  He turned and saw all the village surrounding this place and he imagined the horrors that must have occurred here.  
The legate general stepped forward and asked, "What are your orders, majesty?"
"We move against the other villages of the lakes with speed.  All of them.  If they practice the same rites as Iriminon, we slay their men and women and bring their children home with us."  He glanced toward the bog and his chest ached.  "My sister wished for the children to have a hope in our shared future.  We shall grant that wish."
II
DOMOSI
Unknown Years Before Activation

The general stood in darkness and looked all around himself.  "Where am I?"
Everything seemed unnatural.  He appeared fully lit but no lights shone on him.  He couldn't even see the ground … or was it a floor?  He was wearing his Kobollian military uniform but he hadn't put that on in decades.  And his hands.  He looked down at them and flexed his fingers.  He wasn't riddled with arthritis nor were they burned.
Realization crept over him and all the air left his lungs.  "I am dead."
"Yes."
Alcid raised his head and scanned the black.  "This isn't the Elysian Fields."
"No."
"What is this?"
"Think of it as an interview."
He shook his head and didn't hear the Messengers' next question as his mind raced.  "Was I taken from the Elysian Fields?"
The voice sighed, "No."
"If I wasn't in Elysium, then where was I?"
"Nowhere, general.  Oblivion."
Domosi wobbled and he felt dizzy.  He turned in a circle and muttered, "Oblivion."
"This disturbs you?"
He nodded.  "Of course."
"Why?"
Incredulous, Alcid looked up and said, "I … did I somehow wrong the gods?"
"No.  There are no gods.  There is no Elysium."
He blinked and staggered until his hands found the back of a chair.  He looked down, stunned to see it because he had not before, and then pulled it around so he could sit.
"If it makes you feel better, general, you're not really here, either."  Domosi shook his head.  
"You're an embodiment of your memories, character, and personality from long ago," another voice said.  "We just want to ask some questions and get a better understanding of humanity."
"I no longer exist," his voice was soft.
"No.  Nor does anyone recall you."  
Alcid stopped breathing in mid-exhale.  He blinked and his torso spasmed as he sucked air in again.
"This truly disturbs you."  The general didn't answer.  "Why?"
Domosi stared at the blackness between his feet and thought.  "After our departure from Kobol, I did everything I could to preserve our knowledge.  To ensure that my family and my people would have every advantage."
"And how did you do this?"
"I listened to Professor Kleio and then I saw, with my own eyes, regression."  Alcid straightened.  "Most of the ships on Virgo were dismantled for shelters and tools but we preserved many machines.  Just a short while later, they began to break down.  We didn't have replacement parts.  We couldn't keep the batteries charged."  He shook his head.  "Soon we found ourselves in a dark age."
"When you saw the regression coming, what did you do?"
"Everything I could.  Before we even settled, we scoured the asteroid belt for tylium …"
"You were successful."
"We had thousands of tons of it.  Raw and unprocessed.  I stored it in mines and caves where it would be safe for many years.  I knew that when my people got back on their feet, they would have the means to process it, so I gave them a head start."
"You did more than just preserve fuel," the female voice said.  "You did something to protect the knowledge you brought from Kobol."
"Yes.  We copied the plastic books from the stone casks, just in case."
"More than that," she said.
Alcid thought and then tilted his head, "The Council of Three?"
"Yes."
"We needed to preserve every word of those books and I knew the best way to do so was to treat it as holy.  As if they were gifts from the gods themselves."
"You made science a part of faith."
Domosi nodded.  "Yes.  The three-person councils were the decree of President Gideon, but I designed it so that ours were made up of scientist-priests.  Their job would be to keep an eye on the progress in the world and compare it to the books.  To see when things could finally be made again and to guide the people in that direction."
"You created a plan for Virgo to follow.  A means to use the knowledge to try and reclaim the … greatness, I suppose, of Kobol?"
"Exactly."  Finally, some of the general's smugness returned.  He smirked and said, "If they obeyed, then I have no doubt that my people would rise from their humble beginnings."  The voices didn't answer, so Alcid wavered and he asked, meekly, "Did they?"
The female said, "Virgo's priests kept the knowledge a secret, sharing it only among themselves and the world's leaders."  Alcid's brow furrowed.  "Once they were able to travel the stars again, they did not readily share their advances with the other colonies."
"Or even their own people.  They could fly to space yet the printing press was not made public for nearly another century."
The female ignored her companion's digression, "And when FTL travel had been rediscovered, most of their other scientific pursuits ended.  The power of the Councils faded completely in favor of the kings and queens."
"And the monarchies sought only to expand their holdings," the male interjected.
"The knowledge the Councils were tasked with preserving was largely lost or forgotten."
"Forgotten?!" Domosi was stunned.
"Yes.  The colonies, centuries later, rediscovered much of it on their own."
Domosi thought for a long moment.  "In the meantime, though," he asked, "Virgo excelled?"
"At the expense of the other worlds, yes."
The general crossed his legs and flattened the front of his uniform.  He smiled and said, "That's not so bad then."
III
EDGAR
1,034 Years After Colonization

The king was awake.  He kept his eyes closed and the covers pulled up to his lips.  He simply lay in bed and listened to the distant music.  The soft plucking of metal strings.  Were he tired he may have fallen back into slumber, but one of his attendants entered the room.
They pulled back the large velvet drape along a rail, revealing the wide view of the hills north of the castle.  It faced west so the sunrise wasn't visible, but in the low light of morning, the grass, bushes, and trees were aglow with the Virgan haze.
"Good morning, your majesty," the master of the bedchamber said.  He affixed the drape's rod to its holder and pulled open the servant's door, white and ornate, designed to blend into the wall around it.  A servant girl with a small tray entered next and stood beside the master while the groom of the stool entered with his box and placed it at the center of the wide windows.
Edgar pushed the covers from his face and inhaled deeply.  He looked around the room and saw everything in its place and the usual three people in attendance.  Good.
The master of the bedchamber came to the right side of the large bed and pulled the heavy blankets back.  "Water, your majesty?"
"At the first," the king's voice cracked.  The servant girl approached and the master took the smallest cup from her tray.  As she retreated to the wall, the master held it toward the king and lowered his head.  Edgar took the cup and smelled it.  Sensing nothing off, he sipped it.  Finding the water just below room temperature and without a foul taste, he filled his mouth with it.  He swished the water about and then swallowed.
As the master of the bedchamber took the cup away, he asked, "How do you feel, your majesty?"
The king stood.  He took a moment to gauge his balance and breathing.  He felt a slight rumble in his bowels and nodded.  "Well."  Edgar walked away from the side of the bed and toward the box before the windows.  Quickly, the groom of the stool opened its top and stepped away.  The king removed his nightgown over his head and, naked, he sat on the box while he pulled his bottom cheeks apart.
He sighed and looked into the countryside.  The brightness of the blue haze faded as the sun rose higher, but the tint to all plant life remained.  Birds and butterflies alike flew from shrub to tree and Edgar smiled.  The master used his comb to quickly brush the king's hair and then used small, black clasps to keep everything in place just so.  Once his hair was finished, the king put his hands on his knees and strained for a brief moment until everything had moved.  Then he stood with his arms stretched away from himself.  The groom of the stool quickly swiped at the king's backside with a moist cloth.  After three passes, the groom tossed the cloth into the box, closed it, lifted it, and exited the room.
As he stood before the windows, bare, he realized that the music had stopped and he was saddened.  
The master of the bedchamber brought a light, white garment to the king.  "Your majesty."  Edgar nodded and lifted his leg so the master could pull his underwear on.  The steward of the dresser entered at that moment with a small cart of clothing.  Once the master had gotten the sleeves onto the king, he stepped back and asked, with a bow, "What color do you desire today, your majesty?"
He looked out the window and caught sight of a bright butterfly.  "Yellow."
The steward of the dresser went through his cart and quickly removed a pair of white pants and a pale yellow jacket, adorned with medals and other military regalia.  Both men gathered around him and began to dress him.
"Good morning, brother."
Edgar smiled and looked toward the main entrance.  "Hello, Elric.  How fares my grandmaster this day?"
As quick with a grin as with a sword, the tall man reclined against the jamb of the door and folded his arms over his chest, causing a few medals to clink together.  "I am well."
"Good.  And the uprising in Cent?"  The king saw the eyes of the steward as the younger man slid a shirt sleeve over his arm.  Edgar glared and the steward quickly lowered his head.
"Complete.  The rioters have been either killed or arrested.  Your ministers are speaking with the foremen and such about a return to work."
"Good, good."  Edgar lifted his head so the master could button his shirt.  "I most wish to discuss Leo."
"Eh," Elric shook his head and seemed dismayed.  "This is a conversation that never goes well."  
"Only because you ever have ill news to share."  The king caught a quick glance from the master but he moved to the rear and began to smooth the wrinkles in the king's shirt before bringing the sleeves of the jacket to his hands.
"War is little but ill news."
"Mm.  Tell me of Lomere.  Does it burn?"
Elric laughed.  "I have not gotten a report back from our latest venture.  They left only in the night."
"See that you bring notice when you have it."
"I will, of course."  The grandmaster straightened and gave a quick bow.  "I will take my leave of you for now."
"Thank you, Elric."  Edgar looked out the window as the steward of the dresser straightened the small bow at the king's neck and then returned to his cart.  The master of the bedchamber walked to the left side of the room and stood in the corner by the end of the window.  After a moment, Edgar saw that they were still and he asked, "What is the wait?"
"Apologies, your majesty," the master bowed.  "Do you desire your juice or bread, your majesty?"
He inhaled as he thought and then said, "No."  The master nodded at the girl and she departed through the servant's door on the right side of the room.  He then looked to the left and, not seeing the chamberlain, Edgar asked, "Is the royal secretary in waiting?"
"He is, your majesty."
"Good."
The king exited to the left and ventured through a brief hallway.  He turned and entered the vast games room.  Tables of various puzzles, cards, and other distractions lined the walls.  Before he exited it, he stopped and placed his hand on the top of the harpsichord.  He imagined the sound of the music from this morning and continued.
"Your majesty," the chamberlain said as she nearly bumped into him.
The towering, thirty-six year-old monarch looked down at the older woman and said, "You are late."
"I beg forgiveness, your majesty."
"Mm."  He walked around her and through the corridor and she trotted to keep up.  Slow in her advanced age?  Or something else?
"Royal Secretary Domos is awaiting you in the regency room."
"Yes," the king said.  "The master of the bedchamber has informed me."
"Apologies again, your majesty."
Edgar didn't respond.  He walked through the long gallery hall, with its walls covered in portraits and maps.  Servants turned and bowed.  They reached the door to the king's work office and he faced the chamberlain.  "Is the King's Council present?"
Keeping her head down, she said, "They are not, your majesty.  Shall I summon them?"
He looked away for a moment.  "I do not require priestly counsel at the moment, but who knows what the day may bring.  Summon them and have them wait in the anteroom."
"At once, your majesty."  The chamberlain turned and dashed toward her attendants.
Edgar opened the regency room door and found the secretary sitting in his usual chair.  Immediately, the man stood and lowered his head.  "Your majesty."
"Good morning, secretary."  The king walked behind his large desk, fashioned from the wood of the great trees of Gemini.  He unfastened the three buttons on his jacket and allowed it to fall open before he sat.  Once he did, Domos sat, too.
Wynton Domos was nearly fifty.  An average-sized man with dark hair, peppered with silver, and with a small mouth, often closed and drawn in a taut, flat line.  He had served the royal family for all his life, as so many of his ancestors had before him.  He was an aide to the royal secretary during the reign of King Edmund before being raised into that position himself only two years before the king's death.  He had served King Edgar as secretary for all of the younger man's eleven years on the throne.
"And how are you, your majesty?"  Domos leafed through a series of pages.
"I am well."  Edgar stuck out his chest.  "I am yellow today."
Wynton glanced toward the king's jacket and smiled.  "Very good, your majesty."  The secretary pulled a group of papers to the front of his stack and said, "Shall we begin?"
"Yes."  Edgar leaned onto the desk.  "I spoke with the grandmaster this morning."
Domos looked away from his papers and nearly into the king's eyes.  He diverted at the last moment and stared at the man's chest.  "I see."
"Elric tells me that the uprising in Cent has been dealt with."
The secretary pulled a page from the rear of his pile.  "There is another meeting today between the city leaders, the foremen, and our officials, but no new violence for three days now."
"Very good."  Edgar turned in his chair and looked out the window toward the east.  The disk of the sun was peeking above the line of distant trees and the expansive grounds seemed to glow teal in its bright light.  "What news from Leo?  Elric says it is too soon."
"None yet, your majesty."
"Mm."  He shook his head.  "I would end the year with Leo in thrall, if Jupiter wills it."
Domos was quiet and he lowered his pages.  "Your majesty, I have spoken to the earl marshal …"
"Ugh," Edgar shook his head and backed away from the desk.  "The earl marshal has desired my brother's position for years."
Wynton nodded.  "True, your majesty, yet the earl marshal has only ever had Virgo in his heart and mind."  After the king gave a begrudging acquiescence with his facial expressions, the secretary continued, "And I have spoken to the council of generals."  Domos paused as he continually reframed how he would say this, "Your majesty, it is the opinion of your military leaders that we should change our strategy against Leo."
Edgar laughed.  He shook his head and laughed more.  "No.  There will be no change."
"Your majesty, by attacking Leo directly, we have incurred direct assaults upon Virgo in retaliation."  The secretary gestured around himself and said, "Our presence in Banburgh Castle is a result of this."
The king leaned forward, "What news from the reconstruction of Castle Aurelius?"
The long-time seat of Virgo's monarchy had been destroyed nearly a decade before.  It was being rebuilt, but slowly.  "The Great Council is loath to authorize more funds for Castle Aurelius at this time."
"What?!"  Edgar stood and paced back and forth a few times before moving to the window.  "Why was I not informed?"
"With forgiveness, your majesty, I informed you of this last week."
The king turned to face the lowered head of the secretary and he was ready to lash out.  Instead, he softened and said, "You did.  Aurelius was my childhood home so I would see it remade in its former glory.  And its vaults replenished."  He shook his head.  "So much was lost.  Great art.  Statues.  Stones of Kobol."  He faced the secretary and said, "It must be rebuilt."
"Of course, your majesty.  But the cost of rebuilding after Leo's attacks on us is only increasing.  This is another reason why all whom I've spoken with suggest we return our attention toward the colonies."
Edgar shook his head again.  "No."
"Your majesty, with ours and Leo's attentions on the colonies, we may draw more funds from them.  The loss of the Delta Exploratory Company on Cancer was a grievous blow to your father and began our contraction, but other opportunities await.  Virgo would not expend so much on rebuilding if the battle was kept away from ourselves and focused on other worlds as we sought to exploit them for our gain."
The king slammed his fists on the desk.  "No!"  Domos' head was lowered again.  "No!  No!  No!"  Each exclamation was marked with another pounding on the tabletop.  Edgar stepped away and faced the wall behind the desk.  He looked at the gold and blue silk seal that hung on the wall.  "Do you see this, secretary?"
Wynton looked up.  "I do, your majesty."
"This is the seal of the Virgan Empire."  Edgar ran his fingers along the edges of the many pointed golden triangles in the sea of blue.  "It was designed by my great-grandfather.  These represent each of the worlds and stars within our four systems that Virgo claims as her own.  My great-grandfather and his mother reached out and tried to snatch them all at once.  And my grandmother.  And my father, for a time."  He turned and looked at Domos again.  "For well more than a century, we over-extended ourselves, leaving us vulnerable.  My father, thankfully, saw the ruination ahead and withdrew.  I took after his example."  He sat in his chair again and sighed.  "The fight is between Virgo and Leo.  This is the way it is.  If Virgo is so damaged that it needs rebuilding, then we will rebuild, but this also means that the military has failed to protect our world."
The secretary nodded.  "Yes, your majesty."
"Now.  Tell that to the earl marshal and the generals."
"Yes, your majesty."
Edgar raised his head.  "Divert the money to Castle Aurelius anyway.  I am the king and not beholden to the Great Council.  You are dismissed."
"Yes, your majesty."  Domos stood and left the room.
The king turned and looked out the window again.  The sun has only just risen and today has already been a good one.
IV
DOMOS
1,034 Years After Colonization

The Red Pony Tavern in the small inn was nearly empty.  Wynton sat in the very rear, behind a partition erected by the keeper.  He kept his hand on the metal cup of rough, red wine.  A poor and inexpensive attempt by Virgan vintners to recreate the flavor of Leo's drink.
Domos was still and as he thought, he stared at the smallest imperfections in the table.  Then the empty bench on the other side of the table.  Then the wall.  He clinked the large, gold ring on his right hand against the cup twice and his gaze shifted again.  By the time his eyes drifted up toward the painting of a hunting party on the Virgan countryside, someone moved into his peripheral vision.
"Secretary," the woman said in a low voice.
Wynton glanced toward her.  "Senior councilor."  He pointed toward the bench.  "Please."  
She removed her coat and draped it over the back as she sat.  She looked around the tavern and asked, "Is this safe?"
"I have paid handsomely that it might be so."  He nodded toward the keeper who now approached with a cup of wine and quickly retreated.  
Fae Dane sipped the drink and winced.  Once she put it back on the table, she asked, "Who else is coming?"
"Two others."
They waited in silence for a few minutes before two men approached the table.  They removed their cloaks, revealing their fine dress.  After they placed their ornate hats on a nearby table, Domos nodded at each of them.  "Earl marshal.  General."  They sat on the bench, too, and the keeper approached with two more cups.  As he placed them, the secretary looked at the clock and said, "Lock the door.  No one else is coming."  The old man nodded and left in silence.
The general drank heartily from the cup while Earl Marshal Graeme Ryder pushed it back and forth with his fingers.  "What brings us together, secretary?"
Wynton pushed his cup aside and then interlaced his fingers.  "The king."
"Be wary," the general muttered.
"Do not fear."  Domos looked toward the counter and saw that the keeper himself had left.  "I have a worry that the king's illness has progressed."
Ryder sighed and shook his head.  "You have spoken before of this illness but we have seen naught but a royal's eccentricities."
"Perhaps.  Today, I was informed that his majesty had spoken with Elric about the uprising in Cent."  All three of the others stared at him.  "And that he had been advised on the latest assault on Leo by his brother, as well.  I have not seen the grandmaster in some time, have you?"
"Do not jest," Dane said.
The earl marshal nodded.  "This is why I have not been elevated."
"Were I to guess," Domos sipped the wine, "I would say yes."
They were silent for a moment.  The councilor asked, "Have you spoken with the royal doctor?"
"I have.  He says he knows nothing of this.  His knowledge of the king's health is limited only to his majesty's food intake and the moving of his bowels."  He shook his head.  "I asked the chamberlain when last she saw the doctor with the king and she said it had been months."
"And what of the chamberlain?" the general asked.  "What does she say?"
"She has noticed the change in his demeanor.  That is all she would say."
"And what of his other attendants?" Fae asked.  "The master of the bedchamber or …"
"I have not interviewed the entirety of the household nor the court," Domos interrupted.  "These are serious matters and they have been for some time."
"Indeed, secretary," Ryder said.  "So serious are these matters that we must have word from everyone.  I would not hazard any measure unless we had spoken to everyone in his majesty's employ."
"You are correct," Wynton said.  He faced Dane and nodded, "My apologies."
"Forgiven."  She passed her cup to the general who had finished his.  "The king rules by divine right, granted by the Pantheon.  Were all to be confirmed, what would you have us do?"
The secretary raised his head and looked toward the beams in the ceiling.  He tapped the metal of his ring on the tabletop.  "I would have the Great Council do its duty and deny the king his authority to rule."
They bristled at the bluntness of his words.  After a moment, Fae whispered, "No Council has ever done such a thing."
"They have never been tested thus."
"Perhaps, but there are many who would argue that the Council cannot do such a thing."  When Domos' eyes met hers, she continued, "There is nothing in the decree from centuries ago that would allow it."
"Nothing to forbid it, either."
"What of the King's Council of Three?" the earl marshal said.  "Where do they stand?"
Wynton shook his head, "They are as weak as ever.  The king summons the priests to the palace every day and they sit, doing nothing, because he never calls on them.  When he does speak to them, they do little more than give the king their blessings for whatever he wills."
Dane leaned back against the bench.  "We have spoken before about your desires, secretary."  He looked at her and she said, "You have often spoken of a wish for a more powerful body."
"A body of the people.  Made up of priests, dukes, noblemen, citizens.  For more than three hundred years, they have done little but give in to the monarchy's every demand."  The general stared at him over the edge of Fae's cup.  Domos saw this and tried to assure him, "I want a monarchy.  I desire the rule of a king or queen, but I would have that rule in a proper balance with the Great Council."
"I appreciate your confidence," the senior councilor said, "but there is little that we can do to strengthen the Council without the consent of the king."
"And still even," Graeme said, "if the king were removed by the Council or his doctors, the king's cousin would take the throne."  The secretary looked away in thought.  "I have heard nothing to suggest that she is ill fitted in any way for it.  So why would she assent to empower the Great Council?"
"She would not," the general said.
The earl marshal stood first and the other two followed.  "I thank you, secretary.  This is important and troubling news.  Please, keep us apprised, but know that there is little to be done at present."
V
EVERLEIGH
1,034 Years After Colonization

The princess rode her horse along the wooden fence.  White and red flowers grew over the slats and thick bushes of blue-green stood in the corners.  She pulled on the reins and moved the animal back toward the main house.  Ahead, Everleigh saw her lady-in-waiting by the middle of the fence.  She rarely stepped so near the course.  The princess pushed the white horse toward her and slowed.  "Yes, Corliss?"
"Your highness, you have a gentleman caller."
Everleigh saw the girl's smile and knew that this was a prank of some sort.  "Come now, Corliss."  She threw her leg off the horse and climbed down from the saddle.  She stretched down toward her toes and then straightened again.  
"You do have a visitor, your highness."
The princess looked toward the house and saw a vehicle in the drive and a man standing by the edge of the gardens wearing a blue jacket and a wide-brimmed black hat with a golden circlet around its crown.  "So I do."  She handed the reins to Corliss and smiled, "Thank you."
"Of course, your highness."
She walked across the grass along the edge of the fence and then past the house.  The gardens filled much of the hillside and the man had not turned away from them.  Suddenly, as she neared him, she stopped and looked down at herself.  She was wearing her tight brown riding pants and a white top.  Her brown hair was bound to her head and she felt beads of sweat on her brow.  She glanced at the house and thought she might change when she saw the man turn.
"Greetings, your highness."
He bowed and she recognized him, just.  "Secretary Domos, yes?"
He straightened.  "Yes, your highness."
Everleigh moved closer to him and looked across the gardens.  The beaches of Bloustaff were visible barely a kilometer down the slope, and the ocean beyond.  "It is a surprise and honor to see you here."
"The honor is mine and I beg forgiveness for the surprise."
"Please.  I beg forgiveness for my state," she looked down at herself and wiped her hands on her thighs.  "You came to me as I rode."
"I saw.  You have wonderful form."
"Thank you, secretary."  She smiled and saw his nervous eyes.  "What brings you south of the capital?"
He inhaled deeply and spoke softly.  "I fear it is a matter of both urgency and delicacy."
Everleigh nodded and suddenly became worried.  "I see.  Shall we go inside?"
"Forgive me, your highness, but I would advise against it.  In a few moments, you may understand why."
"I had been curious, secretary, but now I am concerned."  The princess began to walk into the gardens and Domos joined her.  "Please, tell me."
"I do not know you well, your highness, and I hesitate to burden you overmuch at your young age …"
"Secretary, I may be seventeen, but I have had to bury my parents already."  Domos nodded.  "I will not claim hardship, but do not think me naïve to all that transpires."
"Apologies."  He stopped beside a silver rose plant.  The yellow-white petals appeared to be covered in glitter and he looked at them for a moment before returning his gaze toward the princess.  "I will speak plainly so that there shall be no misunderstanding, but I must also beg your leave for such freedom."
The middle-aged man wrung his hands and he had barely locked eyes with her once.  "You have it."
"Thank you, your highness."  Domos looked toward the house and scanned the bushes of the gardens again.  Finally, he took a step toward her and said, "I regret to say that the king is not well."
Everleigh considered this for a moment and nodded.  "In what manner has he taken ill?"
"In his mind."  Her eyebrows raised and he continued, "I might list a number of concerning actions but few are as weighty as this.  His majesty says that he speaks still to his brother, Elric."
The princess' eyes widened and she brought a hand to her mouth.  "Elric.  He has been dead for six years."
"Yes.  And this would be a concern alone, yet it has impacted the way he governs.  Because he believes Elric lives, he will not confer the title of grandmaster to another.  He still defers to his brother on military matters despite what his earl marshal or council of generals may say."
"This is difficult to believe."
"I understand, your highness.  But consider, why has the king not named you crown princess as befits your current station and position?"
She looked away.  "Because he believes Elric is still alive, and he was the crown prince."
"Indeed."  
Everleigh sighed and turned.  "I am truly sorry.  I do not know my cousin well, but he seemed kind."  She wished she could retract her last phrase.  She whipped her head toward the secretary and asked, "What is afoot?  Is there a movement to remove him and place me on the throne?"  Her breathing increased and she put her hand on her chest.
"No, your highness.  Calm, please.  I see how this worries you."  She nodded and Wynton said, "There are those who are concerned with the king's behavior but not to such a point.  I am here on a related matter, but more dire."
"What could be more dire?"
"The king's illness seems to include a deal of paranoia.  He is distrustful of people and change.  He … believes unknown people plot against him, and sometimes known persons."
She nodded.  She knew.  "Yes."
"You recall Queen Oaklynn."
Everleigh closed her eyes.  "I heard rumors."
"I fear I must confirm them."  The princess covered her mouth and turned away.  "She and her unborn child did not die in an accidental fall down the stairs.  The king, believing Oaklynn to have conspired with unknown enemies, pushed her.  There were witnesses and I was one."
Everleigh wiped a tear from her eye.  "The queen was always kind.  She promised to teach me how to play the harpsichord, but we were never able to find the time for lessons."
Domos said, "There are days when his majesty says he hears the harpsichord being played."  The princess turned and looked at him.  "None have touched it since her death."
As he lowered his head, she sensed a weight grow on her.  In her mind, the clouds appeared to darken and she asked, "Why have you come?"
"In recent days, the king has spoken again of people conspiring against him.  I pressed, asking for names that I might investigate, and he refused.  Two days ago, however, he said, 'There is one who conspires against myself and Elric.  One who would benefit from our passing.'  I asked who that might be and he answered, 'The only princess on Virgo.'"
Everleigh twitched and she felt her heart skip a beat.  She walked farther from the house and toward the hill that angled down to the distant beach.  The secretary was behind her and she said, "I have done nothing of the sort."
"I know, your highness."
She turned.  "Why would he think such a thing?"
With his head lowered, Domos said, "Because he is not well."
A sudden suspicion came on her and she asked, "Why do you hide your eyes beneath the brim of your hat?"
The secretary straightened and gazed directly at her.  "I beg your forgiveness.  It is a habit.  In recent years, his majesty does not wish to look into anyone's eyes so all are commanded to look away."
Everleigh furrowed her brow.  "Why would he do this?"
"Another element of his affliction, your highness."
She nodded and her mind swarmed again with fear and thoughts.  "If the king believes me a conspirator," she nearly shuddered, "what might he do?"
"He may do nothing.  The thought may flee his mind and never return.  Or he may conscript an assassin.  Or he may send a group of attack ships and soldiers."
The princess walked around a corner of bushes and sat on the bench there.  She stared into nothingness as the secretary stood before her.  "What am I to do?"
"I do not know."
"Shall I … leave Bloustaff for another estate on Virgo?  Or another world?"  
"All of the royal estates are under his command.  Any servant or soldier at any of them, or upon any of the colonies, might be tasked for such a crime."
Her throat seized and another tear fell over her cheek.  She looked away and said, "I might sell my clothes and move among the people."
"And none would recognize the lovely Princess Everleigh?"  She looked up and saw his smile.  "I am sorry, your highness.  You may evade detection for a time, but not forever."
She shook her head and wiped her eyes.  "Then it is hopeless."
"Not entirely."  He opened the top of his jacket and removed a paper from his inner pocket.  "I have found a way, perhaps, for you to find safety."  She nodded in anticipation.  "Leo."
"Leo?"  Confused, she said, "How would fleeing to Leo make me more safe?"
He unfolded the page.  "The decree issued by Queen Regent Celchyth and King Charlon.  It is addressed to the children of Ryeleah, Celchyth's sister, and grants any who seek to flee Virgo refuge and aid on Leo."  Domos held the page out toward her and she took it.  As she read, he said, "You could take your vessel and go to Leo.  Signal their watch and announce who you are.  As a descendant of Princess Ryeleah, they should welcome you."
After a few moments of reading, Everleigh looked up, "What if they do not?"
"Then, at worst, you may be captured and held for some ransom or bargain.  Regardless, you would be treated well."  She shook her head and the secretary said, "Would even that be better than fearing the king here at home?"
The princess stood and asked, "May I keep this?"
"Certainly, your highness."
Everleigh turned and began to walk out of the gardens with Domos directly behind her.  "I am not sure what I think at this moment, secretary, but I will keep all that you have said in mind."
"Of course, your highness.  I felt compelled to tell you all that I knew."  She turned toward him and she saw the concern on his face.  "I could not bear it if such an evil were done again to an innocent."
"Thank you, secretary."
"Of course, your highness."  He bowed once more and walked across the grounds to his vehicle.  Once it rolled away, she stood there while the sun set and read the torn page about the sisters, Celchyth and Ryeleah, and what happened after they had been separated on their two worlds.

Four nights later, Everleigh and Corliss had spent the evening looking at the stars through a telescope placed at the center of the gardens.  The time of the year was right, plus Hibernia was dark, so she had been able to see both Helios Gamma and Helios Delta easily, and many constellations, too.  As it neared midnight, the princess stood, "I think it is time for bed."
"Of course, your highness."  Corliss gathered the telescope and removed it from the stand.  Everleigh took the long cylinder and lowered it into its case.  After a moment, the two young women had put it away and the attendant lifted it up and walked after the princess.
They went up to the patio and then through the short colonnade toward the house.  Outside the door, there stood a guard.  He was wearing the usual ceremonial garb, Virgan blue detailed in silver, and carrying a rifle.  The women expected him to open the door for them, but instead, he reached toward his waist and removed a dagger.
Everleigh froze and watched the man lurch toward her.  At the last moment, his strike was deflected by the heavy wood of the telescope case as little Corliss grunted and lifted it up.  He staggered back against its weight and the lady pushed it against him, forcing him to the wall.  Hearing Corliss' struggle, the princess' senses returned and she moved toward the opposite wall where she yelled, "Guards!"
The assailant managed to free himself from the woman and her telescope and run down the colonnade.  When he realized that Corliss had not chased him, he stopped, dropped the dagger, and raised his rifle.  Again, Everleigh froze and she was jolted only when she heard the shot.
The assailant fell to his knees and he was shot again.  Finally, he flopped onto his back and his gleaming helmet clattered away.
Several guards ran toward the body with a few crowding around the princess.  "Your highness, are you injured?"
She shook her head and walked toward the man.  A guard raised her lantern and shined it on the dead man's face.  One of the guards asked, "Do you recognize him, your highness?"  She could only shake her head.  The other guards spoke, too, and said they didn't know who it was.
Corliss took Everleigh's shoulders and guided her back to the house.  "Let's go inside."
Once they entered the door and emerged in the wide hall, the princess blinked and turned to her lady-in-waiting, "Are you injured, Corliss?"
She smiled.  "No, your highness.  He could not overcome my telescope."
Everleigh let the humor wash past her and she thought again about Domos' visit.  She looked at Corliss.  Her wide-eyed shock and fear had passed.  Now she seemed determined.  "Corliss …"
"Are you thinking of the secretary, your highness?"
"I am."
"And the path of Ryeleah?"
"I am."
The lady nodded and said, "I will gather our things."
VI
ARLETH
1,034 Years After Colonization

"What?"
The messenger began to speak again, "Your majesty, a Virgan ship carrying …"
"I heard what you said!"  The queen shook her head and looked away.  "Go into the ballroom and retrieve the chancellor, any of the Great Officers you see, and my son."
"Yes, your majesty."  She darted toward the door and pulled it open.  The band's music filled the antechamber where the queen waited and was silenced when the young girl closed the door again. 
She sighed and slapped at the raised skirt of her formal gown.  It was red and webbed with gold fabric.  She was heavily made up and wearing an elaborate wig.  Considering such matters of state all of a sudden, she felt silly.  She looked across the faces of the paintings in this chamber and turned back toward the door when it opened.
Three men and a woman entered, all dressed elaborately for the gala.  Chancellor Alois served as her chief advisor and liaison to other government officials and the Assembly.  Constable Tayler and Colonel Averi were wearing formal versions of their uniforms.  Her son, Crown Prince Gervase, was wearing a lavender suit with the frills of his undershirt spilling forth from his collar and cuffs.  His hair was a mass of curls piled atop his crown.  As soon as he entered the room, he leaned against the far wall.  The messenger closed the door and the music was again muffled.
"Wait outside," the queen said.  She saw the girl's confusion and added, "I will relay orders to you after this meeting."
"Your majesty."  She bowed out of the room.
Once near-silence descended on the group, she looked at the chancellor and the officers.  "I have just been informed that a Virgan ship has arrived."  Colonel Averi tensed and made ready to speak, but Arleth raised her hand.  "Upon their arrival, they sent a signal requesting refuge."  She saw their confusion now.  "The occupants claim to be Princess Everleigh of Virgo, her lady-in-waiting, and their pilot."
"How might they claim refuge?" the colonel asked.
"The princess cited the decree of Ryeleah."  The officers looked at each other and the queen locked eyes with the chancellor.  "Do we know if Everleigh is a descendant of Ryeleah's children?"
Alois gripped his chin in thought.  "The daughter of the late Princess Oswin, yes?"  The queen nodded.  "Then I believe she is."
"Wait a moment," Gervase said as he finally pulled himself from the wall and walked toward the others.  "Why would we let Virgans come here?"
Alois explained, "The decree of Ryeleah was issued by Queen Regent Ele and affirmed by Charlon the Great.  It allows safe passage from Virgo to Leo of any child of her dear dead sister.  The queen could choose to ignore the decree or remove it," he looked at Arleth, "but none have done so before."
Gervase scoffed and shook his head.  "How many Virgans have ever claimed it?"
"A small few," the queen said, "and none in more than one hundred years."
The prince folded his arms over his chest and said, "Why should we believe them?"
"I agree, your majesty," Colonel Averi said.  "The Virgo attacked us just one month ago and we are still replenishing our forces."
"Thanks to your preparations, colonel," the queen said, "the Virgo were repelled."
"All the more reason for suspicion, your majesty," Averi looked at the others and then back at Arleth.  "They have been unsuccessful in attacking the planet itself for several years.  Perhaps this is a ploy.  That may be a simple transport vessel, but it may be laden with bombs."
The queen nodded and looked at Tayler.  The commander of Leo's armies appeared to be in deep thought.  "Constable?"
She looked up and asked, "What else did the message state?  Were there any requests or demands?"
"Only that the princess and her aide be allowed refuge and that we also permit the pilot to leave once they have disembarked."  While Tayler nodded and thought, the queen turned to her left and faced the chancellor.  "And you?"
"Your majesty, I sense a grand opportunity here."  Alois looked at the others' faces and said, "You all know well that we have lacked substantial spymanship on Virgo for some time.  This is a chance for us to glimpse inside the power structure that we would not otherwise see."
Suddenly, the constable looked up, "I agree.  There is more to be gained by allowing this, with caution."
The colonel looked at Tayler, "What if the Virgo desire her return?  What if they come here, in force, to retrieve her?"
"Then we may give her up," Arleth said.  "Or, depending on her value, we may keep her."  
The chancellor nodded, "Besides the intelligence, there is the possibility of marriage."  He looked toward the prince who was now scowling.  "A Virgan princess and Leonan prince.  We would have a claim on the Blue Throne."
"Now wait," Gervase began.
The queen ignored her son's protests and said, "It is too soon for such talk."  She turned and looked at the portraits once more.  "Colonel, your ships will escort the vessel to a landing field outside of the city, on the eastern side, far from the palace or the people.  If there is any deviation in their approach, they are to be destroyed."
"Yes, your majesty."
"Constable, your soldiers will escort her to the palace, with haste, and bring her to the main throne room."
"Yes, your majesty."
"We will all reconvene there in one hour."
The chancellor and officers bowed before scattering.  Gervase walked up to his mother and asked, "May I return to the party?"
She glared at him.  Finally, weary of another battle, she said, "Yes.  For one half-hour."
Dejected, the prince nodded and walked away.

It was after midnight and the queen sat on her throne.  She was still wearing her ballgown, but her elaborate wig had been removed and she now wore one of her crowns.  The chancellor was at her side atop the royal stand, with the constable, the colonel, and two other officers on the level below.  Prince Gervase had just entered the chamber and, out of breath, stood at the bottom of the steps.
The doors at the far end opened and two columns of Leonan palace guards entered.  Their uniforms were purple and white, trimmed with gold, and they carried rifles with swords on their hips.  As they entered the wide room, they spread toward the walls until only two cloaked figures were left in the doorway.  Their shrouded heads looked about in confusion.
Alois stepped forward and said, "Presenting her royal highness, Princess Everleigh of Virgo."
The taller person walked forward first with the shorter one behind.  They came to a stop near the bottom of the steps and withdrew their hoods.  Arleth herself was surprised by the beauty of the princess.  Her high cheekbones, warm complexion, large eyes … She turned her gaze toward her son and she saw that he was now fully interested in the proceedings.  He straightened and took a step forward.  Even from her high position, the queen could see the corners of the prince's smile.  Everleigh, for her part, was only focused on the throne.
She dropped to one knee and bowed her head.  Her lady did the same.  Speaking in her best Leonese, she said, "Your majesty.  I thank you for granting my request."
Arleth grinned.  "You may rise."  As the women did so, Everleigh looked up toward the queen's eyes.  "How long have you studied our language?"  
Responding still in the language of this world, she answered, "Some years now."
You should study more.  Arleth nodded.  "I will seek to clarify one point, princess.  I have not yet granted your request."  She saw fear shoot through the young woman.  "I have questions first."
"Of course, your majesty."
"Let us start with the most obvious and pressing.  Why have you come?"
"I have come because I feared for my life, your majesty."  The queen raised a single eyebrow.  "I am the crown princess of Virgo, but my cousin has not yet named me so because …" she glanced back at her lady-in-waiting who gave an encouraging gesture, "he is … mad."
"'Mad,'" Arleth said.
"Yes, your majesty.  He believes that his late brother, Elric, still lives and thus he is the crown prince."  As Everleigh spoke, the queen looked down toward the officers lined up below her.  Two of them were slowly looking up at her.  "More than that, King Edgar has many fears.  Unfounded fears, including that I have plotted against both him and his brother."
The queen was stunned.  After a moment of silence, she asked, "I presume that you have not plotted against the king and his dead brother?"
The princess shook her head vigorously.  "Absolutely not, your majesty."
"Continue."
"The king's fears … he, … Last night, an assassin was sent to my home and attempted to kill me."
Arleth nodded.  "I see."  Again, she shared a look with her officers.  "And why have you come upon this solution?  Why the decree of Ryeleah?"
"I could not remain at any royal estate on Virgo.  I could not travel to any Virgan territory, even offworld, for those are managed by the crown.  I could have attempted to pass as a townsperson, as a citizen, but I may have been recognized.  This seemed to be the safest option."
The queen breathed deeply.  "Very well.  I grant your request, Princess Everleigh of Virgo."
A tear glistened in her eye.  "Thank you, your majesty."
"Prince Gervase," she looked down at her son, "fetch the palacemaster and have him prepare chambers for her highness and her lady."  The young man glanced at Everleigh and they shared a look for the first time.  In frustration, though, he left the room.  "Guard," a tall man stepped forward, "escort them to the palacemaster."
"Your majesty."  He bowed to the queen and then bowed slightly toward the princess, "This way, your highness."
Once they left the chamber, the officers below the queen turned to face her.  The chancellor remained to her side, cupping his jaw in thought.  Constable Tayler said, "That was certainly illuminating."
"Yes," Arleth said.  "She has already more than paid for her room and board."
VII
EDGAR
1,034 Years After Colonization

The king was leaning against the right side of his throne.  
You have failed.
He shook his head and shifted to the left.  "No."  
Failure.  Incompetent.  Weak.  
He crossed and uncrossed his legs several times before returning to the right side.  
Everyone plots against you.
"No."
"Forgive me, your majesty," Domos said, "but it is true."
Sharply, Edgar inhaled through his nose.  Finally, he formed a fist and slammed it on the arm of the throne several times.  "Why?!  Why would she betray me?!"
The royal secretary looked around the throne room.  The chamberlain and two aides were present, in case the king made a personal request.  Earl Marshal Graeme Ryder and two generals stood on the other side of the room.  The royal doctor was there, too, near the chamberlain.  No one dared to speak so Wynton did.  "We do not know that she has betrayed you, your majesty."
They don't trust you.
The king glared down from the chair and the secretary was quick to lower his head.  "She left!  To Leo!"
"She knew she could request sanctuary, your majesty.  The pilot confirms that the princess requested refuge after the Leo's decree of Ryeleah."
"The pilot," Edgar rubbed his fingers together, "mm."  He stood, "Is he still in custody?"
Ryder answered him, "He is, your majesty.  He has been thoroughly questioned."
"Question him again!"  The king sat down roughly, causing his robe to fall from the back.  "Vigorously, if need be."
The royal secretary and the earl marshal shared a look.  They knew that meant torture.  "Your majesty, the pilot is a veteran of our military and has served the crown with distinction for decades.  This post was to be his retirement."
"Question him again!" 
Ryder lowered his head.  "Yes, your majesty."
They conspire against you!
Edgar turned his gaze back to the secretary, whose head was still lowered.  "Why did she leave?"
"She feared for her life, your majesty."
"Her life?"  His voice softened and his expression became pained.  "Why?"
Domos glanced toward the doctor and then turned his attention toward the throne.  "The attempt on her life, your majesty.  We informed you earlier …"
"Oh," he became dismissive, "yes."
"I don't know," Elric said.  "It may have been faked."
"Yes!"  The king stood and looked at the others.  "Was it fake?"
The secretary looked toward the earl marshal and back to the throne.  "What, your majesty?"
Edgar grunted in frustration and said, "The attempt on her life!  Was it concocted?!  Was it a play, a ruse to give her a reason to flee to Leo?"
"I have spoken to the guards in Bloustaff, your majesty," Domos said, "and they believe it was real.  Had the assassin's rifle not failed him, he may well have killed the princess."
"And were it not for the princess' handmaiden," Graeme said, "she may have been stabbed.  The pilot has also said that both the princess and her maiden seemed afeared the entire journey and spoke only of the assault."
They sense your weakness.
Edgar stood still for a long moment.  Then, he turned his head toward the military officers and said, "Shall we go to Leo?  Demand her back?  Besiege them if they refuse?"
The earl marshal looked at his generals and then said, "Your majesty, due to our recent assaults on Leo, we cannot mount a siege.  And the princess seems, by all accounts, to have left of her own free will.  Had she been abducted by Leonan agents, …"
"Then we go there!" the king yelled, "and demand her arrest!  We demand she be turned over to us!"
As Ryder sought for an answer, the secretary intervened, "Your majesty, Princess Everleigh was not privy to matters of state.  She has no secrets to share.  No information on military strength.  If you will pardon me, as far as her value, she is but a fair face and a noble name."
"Mm," the king smiled.  "Perhaps you are correct.  She cannot damage Virgo."
"I do not believe so, your majesty," the earl marshal said.
"That still leaves the matter of Leo."  Edgar sat in his chair again and drank from his glass.  "Why have no plans been drawn for a new assault given the failure of the last?"
Failure!
Ryder said, "I have awaited your majesty's orders."
Lies.  He lies to you because he knows you are a fool.
"That will be all." The king waved his hand.  "Leave us.  I must consult with my grandmaster and then we shall have a plan for Leo."
As the others began to leave the throne room, his brother stood before Edgar and smiled.
VIII
DOMOS
1,034 Years After Colonization

In the hall outside the throne room, Wynton ran ahead of the chamberlain and grabbed the long green sleeve of the royal physician.  "Doctor."
Surprised, the old man turned, "Secretary."
Wynton looked behind himself and saw the approach of others.  He guided the doctor into a drawing room and, seeing it empty, he said, "What think you after that?"
The old man's nose whistled as he inhaled.  "His majesty appears to be in need of more rest."
"'More rest?'  Is that all?"
"It is what I would prescribe."
"Doctor, the king is presently in conference with Prince Elric, a man whom you well know departed us some years ago."  The old man nodded.  "Do you truly believe that an additional hour or two each night would alleviate this issue?"
"Perhaps.  And with a tonic that I shall draw presently."
Domos sighed and shook his head.  "You have access to the collected medical knowledge of Virgo and what remains of Old Kobol, and this is all you will say?"
"It is, secretary."  The old man left Wynton alone in the room, who fumed for some time.

In their secret tavern spot, Domos gestured toward the earl marshal and said, "Tell her what he said today before ordering our exit from the chamber."
Ryder sighed and looked at Fae Dane.  "He said he was going to consult with the grandmaster on our next plans for Leo."
The senior councilor leaned forward and whispered, though only these three were present, "He said this is open court?"
"He did."  Graeme drank his wine and looked toward the secretary.  "I saw the royal doctor."
"Yes, I requested that he be present at all open court events so he might evaluate the king."
"And?" Dane asked.
"I spoke to him afterward."  Wynton sighed and picked at a splinter of wood on the table.  "He said that the king requires more sleep.  And a tonic."
The earl marshal sniffed.  "I have gone many days without sleep yet I have never conversed with the dead."
"Nor I," Domos said.  Nervously, he tapped the underside of his ring on the table.  "I have spoken to other members of the king's chambers.  They are not so circumspect as the doctor.  They confirm what we have seen."
Dane remained still and her eyes clouded with thought.  She looked toward Ryder and asked, "What do you think?  Truly?"
He thought.  After a moment, he faced the secretary and said, "Would you please stop tapping your ring?"
"Apologies."
Slowly and with great weight, Graeme said, "I believe that the king is mad."
Inside, Wynton felt a rejoicing.  He forced himself to not smile but he could not help the turning of a single corner of his mouth.
"And what is to be done about it?" Fae asked.
The earl marshal watched the metal cup he passed between his fingers on the tabletop.  After he had spun it a few times, he said, "Thus far, the king has not put anyone in danger."
Domos looked up, "What?"
"He has not.  His orders, when he gives them, are not so suspect that one might think him mad."
"Though we know he is," the secretary said.
"And yet, his orders do not reflect it."  Ryder pushed the cup away at last and said, "His madness has not intruded on his rule."
Wynton leaned onto the table, "Whatever orders you are given for an attack on Leo will have come from Grandmaster Elric!"
"Your voice, secretary," Dane cautioned.
"And suppose Elric has a good plan?"  Domos shook his head while Graeme shrugged.  "Still I say this has not affected his reign, despite my not being named grandmaster."  When Wynton groaned and knocked his cup off the table, the earl marshal said, "Were you not in court with him, were you not meeting with him daily and you had only a list of decrees and orders from him to judge, would you believe him mad?  Speak honestly."
Wynton sighed and reclined from the table.  "I would not."
"This is the problem.  Until the king orders something that would rile the military or the Great Council," he pointed at Dane, "or the people, there is little to be done."
"Still," Domos added.
"Yes, still."  The senior councilor said, "I do not envy you, secretary.  You are burdened with painful knowledge and a responsibility to maintain the integrity of the monarchy.  Were we to act rashly, it may all collapse."
"Indeed," Ryder said.
"Worse yet," Fae began, "there is a new branch in our path."  She saw the confused look from the earl marshal and said, "The crown princess has fled Virgo.  There is now no one to succeed to the throne."
Wynton straightened, "A fair opportunity for the Great Council to strengthen itself, I say."
"Perhaps," Graeme said.  "If the king is removed, we can signal Everleigh.  Invite her to return as queen.  Though, if she schemed with their queen, she could lie in wait, marry into Leo's family, and claim both worlds."
Domos shook his head.  "That is, I believe, a level of deviousness that I deem beyond the princess."
"This is a discussion for another time," Dane said as she stood.  "I must go."  She looked at both men but instead of saying anything, she shook her head and departed.
Sensing the end of their meeting, the earl marshal stood.  "Keep faith, secretary.  If you become aware of new madness, we will speak again."  

Sitting in the regency room, Domos had his papers in his lap as he often did.  The king had been twitchy earlier, but it abated.  Now he sat and spoke of hunting the yellow foxes near Ripley.  The secretary heard little of it for he was steeling his resolve.  
"I have one further piece of news, your majesty."  Wynton pulled a sheet of paper from the rear of the stack and placed it on the front.  It was detail about new weapons requested for a fort, but he knew that Edgar would never look at it.  "It is a report about Harolton, your majesty."
"On Troy?"  The king smiled and said, "That was named after my great-grandfather, you know.  The first permanent settlement on Troy."
"Yes, your majesty.  It seems," Domos cleared his throat, "it seems that there is the possibility of … insurrection, your majesty."  He dared to look up and caught the briefest piece of a glare.  "Seditious talk thus far.  No action."
"Troy plots against me?"  The king inhaled and turned in his chair.  "How come you by this news?"
The skin along his body seemed on fire.  The secretary shifted and spoke, "I was given it by Grandmaster Elric."  Wynton weathered Edgar's gaze for several long seconds.  His mouth went dry and he thought, I have doomed myself.  My gamble was folly.
Finally, the king leaned back in his chair and tapped the arm.  "This is disturbing news."
Domos had been holding his breath and it slowly seeped from him.  "I agree, your majesty."
IX
EVERLEIGH
1,035 Years After Colonization

The Leonan air was warm and not humid.  A pleasant breeze came from the north along the Argentan River.  The gardens were in bloom and awash in colors.  Birds and insects lit upon branches and flowers.  It was a gorgeous day and the princess was not happy.
Trellises ringed the open space in the gardens and were swathed with purple and dark blue fabric.  Everleigh, in a faint green dress, stood in one far corner, away from the drinks and food, and leaned back with her head behind a bulge of that bunting.
Laughter.  Again.  The daughters of dukes and other court officials congregated on the other side of the square with their backs to her, though they turned and peered at the Virgan from time to time.  She could hear them repeating, "Bon jur," again and again, adding new inflections to make it more comical or more foreign.  The sons of officials crowded around, too, some with their hands on the girls' backs, and they laughed just as hard.
Everleigh remained still.  She wanted to cry.  After one particular lanky girl guffawed, she wanted to strike her.  Perhaps with a chair.  The thought was amusing for a second until a new round of laughter filled her with embarrassment anew.
"It would be best if you greeted them and said little else after," the palacemaster had said.  She thought his advice was another attempt to sideline her in her exile, but perhaps the palacemaster was being kind, if he knew the viciousness of those in attendance.
She had thought Queen Arleth was nice, but she did not speak to her after her first night on Leo.  She spoke to military officers and answered their questions for a few days, but even they stopped coming.  Servants and aides answered her queries brusquely and at no time in the last three months had she been accorded an audience with anyone of royal rank.  This garden party was a mild exception.  While the attendants were "ladies" and "gentlemen," they themselves had no titles.  Yet.
The clucking of the crowd quieted and they began to whisper among themselves.  Finally, someone announced, "His highness, Prince Gervase, Duke of Redon."
Everleigh leaned forward to see past the decorative fabric.  She had only seen him three times since her arrival and he appeared nice on that first night.  The other two times he had locked eyes with her and immediately went another direction.  Today, he entered wearing a form-fitting white suit with a yellow neckerchief puffed below his throat.  The assembled young men and women bowed toward him and he joined their cluster.  They spoke in soft voices for a moment, but then the princess heard someone say, "Bon jur."  Her heart sank.  There was a tittering of laughter afterward but it went silent and she heard feet on the stone walk approach her.
When the princess looked up, Gervase was standing there.  He lowered his head a little and said, "Bon jur."
Everleigh's skin flushed hot and she felt so many scenarios play out in her mind.  She would answer in kind and the prince would laugh at her just as hard as the others.  She would answer and the prince would become enraged at those who mocked her.  Time was passing.  Finally, she lowered her head, too, and said in a soft voice, "Bon jur."  Someone laughed in the group far behind the prince.  
Gervase smiled and said in accented Virgan, "That is cute."
Embarrassed again, the princess looked away and nearly retreated into her hiding space by a trellis column.
Then she saw his arm, offered outward for her to take it.  "Let us walk."
She looked at him with wide eyes and fumbled for a moment as she decided the best way to hold his arm.  They walked from the covered area together and she heard the gasps and chatter of the others.
"Pay them no mind," Gervase said.  "They have boring lives and they look for a laugh wherever they may find it."
Afraid to speak again, Everleigh just nodded.
"You may speak Virgan if you wish.  Or you may speak Leonese."
"Thank you," she said in Virgan.
They walked past a tall flowering shrub.  "Your Leonese tutor was not Leonan?"
"No, your highness."
"No, no.  We are both 'highness.'"  He waved his free hand.  "Do not bother.  I can give you a Leonan tutor.  They will help."
"Thank you."  They continued along the path and she took a deep breath.  The green plants gave such a clean, fresh air.  She glanced at Gervase's legs as they walked and she asked, "Why is this the first time you've spoken with me?"
The prince laughed.  "My mother has ordered senior officials, eh, court officials and so to not speak with you."  Everleigh was surprised and they stopped walking.  "There have been angry letters from Virgo about you.  No threats, but," he shrugged, "my mother does not wish to antagonize your crazy king."
The princess nodded.  "I did not know."
"But me," he faced the palace behind them, "I say, 'frak my mother,' eh?"
Everleigh smiled and shrank in embarrassment at his language.  They began to walk again.  After they turned a corner, they found themselves at the start of a maze.  He pulled on her arm and led her into it.  She looked up at the two-meter-tall hedges and then at the vine-covered walls that lined the path.  Flowers and fruits hung on them and the air was close and sweet.
Gervase released her when they turned a bend in the maze.  He faced her and took her hands.  He was only a little taller than she but Everleigh tilted her head back so she might look up into his eyes.  He smirked and then leaned closer.  In her mind, she retreated, but her body did not.  She leaned toward him and their lips met.  With her eyes closed and her hands reaching up his back, she felt his tongue lance at her and delicately stroke her lips when he withdrew.  She wobbled in the aftermath and he was smiling.
"You have a taste."
Suddenly embarrassed, she lowered her head, "I am sorry."
"No, no."  He took her hands.  "It is a good taste.  Not like anyone else I know."  He nodded and moved closer.  "A very good taste."  They kissed again and she ran her hand to the back of his head, keeping his face locked against hers.  He moved his hands down her side until they found her hips, keeping her body pressed against his.

On the far side of the palace grounds, Corliss was straightening the sitting area of the princess' chambers.  Suddenly, the door flew open and Everleigh came inside.  She slammed it shut and leaned against it.
The lady-in-waiting was surprised and fearful at first, but then she saw how flushed Everleigh looked and the wide smile she bore.  "Your highness?  You had a good time at the party?"
Without looking toward Corliss, the princess said, "It was wonderful."
X
EDGAR
1,035 Years After Colonization

"What color do you desire today, your majesty?"
The king put his hands on his hips and thought of war.  "My Virgan blue jacket."
"Absolutely, your majesty," the master of the bedchamber said.  The steward of the dresser removed the electric blue jacket from the cart and a pair of black pants.  As they clothed him, Edgar looked out the window and imagined marching into battle with these colors.  Though officers and noblemen had different colored jackets, the rank-and-file soldiers wore Virgan blue.
Failure.
The king looked toward the hall on his left and wondered why he hadn't heard the sound of his wife's harpsichord in some time.  
She hated you.  Everyone hates you.
The attendants stepped away.  The master said, "Very striking, your majesty."
He clapped his hand at his side.  "My sword?"
"Of course, your majesty."  He went to a cabinet on the left wall and removed a belt and scabbard.  A moment later, it was around the king's waist.
Edgar gripped the handle.  Do it!  Kill these lice!
"Would you care for your juice and bread this morning, your majesty?"
"No.  I have much to attend to."  
The king walked into the main hall from his chamber and turned right.  Soon, he was in the gallery that led to the throne room.  Echoing in the wide space, he heard the distant plucking of the harpsichord.  A jubilant military march.  Edgar stopped and turned toward the direction of the sound.  Servants and others bowed around him, but he paid no attention.  He smiled at the music and continued on toward his destination.
When he entered, the dozens of people present bowed.  Before he ascended to the throne, he said, "I am pleased that everyone came to my summons."  He sat and gripped the arm of the right side.  He leaned his left arm onto his left thigh and looked across the faces of his assembled officers.  "Are we ready for battle?"
The earl marshal nodded, "We are prepared, your majesty."
"Excellent."  He smacked his knee and straightened.  "The time has come and I shall reveal our target."  After a deep breath, Edgar said, "Harolton.  On Troy."
Graeme Ryder's face fell.  He looked at the royal secretary and then back toward the king.  "Your majesty?"
"Harolton."  He looked around the room and saw confusion.  Then he heard the chattering.
They mock you!
"Harolton has fostered seditious talk for some time, but I have been told, on good authority, that they are amassing weapons and soldiers for an uprising."
The earl marshal's mouth hung open.  "Your majesty.  Harolton is a small mining community and could not have many soldiers.  They have been loyal to you always.  Why would you believe that they are planning a rebellion?"
They don't believe you!  You stupid, stupid fool!
Frustrated, the king shook his head.  "I have spies everywhere!  Do you not think I cannot know what my enemies do?  What they say?"
"Your majesty," Ryder stepped toward the throne and dared look at Edgar directly.  "If we are to use your soldiers to fight the Virgan people and assault a Virgan settlement, I require more information."
The king raged and stood up.  He kicked the side of the throne but it did not move since it was bolted to the platform.  "I am the king!  You have my orders!"  He looked around the room and saw nothing but wide eyes, staring.
See?  Now they conspire against you, too.
Edgar nodded and took a step down toward the floor.  "Very well, earl marshal.  The reports of insurrection on Troy have come from Grandmaster Elric himself."
Ryder closed his eyes and lowered his head.  The room erupted into conversations and a few people darted out the doors.  Finally, the earl marshal looked at Domos.  The secretary seemed as stunned as everyone else.  "Your majesty, I will not command an assault against our own people."
They rebel!
"You will!"  The king pulled his sword from its scabbard and aimed its point at the man's head.  
The earl marshal ground his teeth and thought.  Finally, he said, "Perhaps Prince Elric could give the order, your majesty, and command the attack."
Someone, somewhere in the chamber, laughed.  They're laughing at you!
"I ordered you, earl marshal!"
Graeme was still for a moment.  Then, he reached toward his belt and unfastened it.  He removed his sword from his side and held it from himself with both hands, presenting it to the king.  "I cannot continue as the earl marshal of Virgo."  He placed it on the floor at the bottom of the steps.
The room erupted again and Ryder walked away from the side of the room with his generals.  He took a position against the wall on the king's right, behind the royal secretary.
"Very well," Edgar sheathed his sword and looked at the military officials who remained.  "Who among you will carry out my order and become my new earl marshal?"
There were five generals and officers who remained where Ryder had been.  Two looked nervously toward their former commander and then walked across the room to his side.  The spectators' conversation grew louder still and more people ran from the chamber.  Finally, an older man stepped forward and lifted the sword from the floor.
"I will, your majesty."
"I name you earl marshal of Virgo, Lord Ranulf Tenning, Duke of Ely."  He bowed.  "Will you carry out my attack?"
Tenning looked around the now-hushed room and then back toward Edgar.  "I will, your majesty."
More people fled, including Domos and Ryder.  The king looked toward them and thought.
XI
DOMOS
1,035 Years After Colonization

This could not have gone better!
In the last four months, he had spoken exactly twice about Troy, planting that seed but fearful of discussing it too much.  He hadn't mentioned or done anything else to foster its growth in more than two months, but he didn't have to.  The king's madness had done the work for him.
Wynton and Ryder were standing on the dais with Fae Dane, a senior councilor of the Great Council.  Fortunately, the body had been convened to deal with taxation issues.  The chamber was loud with conversation among the hundred-plus members present.  Four other senior councilors were near the three and they listened to all that the former earl marshal reported.
"Lord Ranulf of Ely is the new earl marshal and he has agreed to carry out the king's orders."
Dane backed away and rubbed her forehead.  "May the gods help us."
"And Troy," another councilor said.
A different councilor asked, "What shall we do?" 
Fae looked at the secretary.  "I fear we must try to use what power this Council has to put a stop to it."
Wynton nodded.  "Agreed."
"Council!  Council!" someone cried out from the floor.
The senior councilors looked down at the speaker's dock where a line of people had gathered.  "We are in recess," one of the seniors said.
"My lord!" the woman in the dock began.  "I have just come from the palace!  The king … the king has ordered an attack on Harolton!"  The larger portion of the audience didn't know and they erupted.  "He claims they rebel against him, but he says he came by this news from Prince Elric!"
Gasps and more shouting gripped the chamber.  "And my hopes for time to consider this have been dashed."  Dane stepped toward the edge of the raised platform and lifted her hands into the air.  "We have been told by the former earl marshal and the royal secretary.  These things are true."  She allowed the new outburst to continue before whistles and hisses brought it to an end.  "I fear that this Great Council must undertake a new effort to prevent a tragedy from taking place.  We must, all of us, put a stop to this."
Despite the news, there were shouts of outrage and "treason!"  Fae winced and looked toward Domos.  She seemed to be hoping that he would step forward to speak but he didn't.  Ryder moved behind her, though, and he raised his hand.
"This is a difficult time but we must prevent this attack from befalling Troy!"
Councilors leapt from their seats and crowded around each of the three speaking docks in the chamber.  The noise was near unbearable and a few voices managed to rise above the din.
"The people must be protected!"
"He is our king!  He is our king!"
"If the king is mad, then damn him!"
Suddenly, the doors of the Great Council chambers were thrown open.  Light blue and white-clad soldiers marched in with rifles and armor.  They lined the walls and covered each of the exits.  The secretary was suddenly nervous and he saw the same fear in the expressions of the senior councilors.  One soldier without a rifle walked toward the dais and reached up with a page.  "Royal secretary."
Wynton bent down and took it.  He stood and read and then re-read.  He looked up from the paper and, with his face in shock, stared at the earl marshal and Fae Dane.
"What is it?" Ryder asked.
Domos took a deep breath and walked to the edge of the platform.  The noise in the chamber had continued though its volume was greatly reduced once the soldiers entered.  "'King Edgar of Virgo decrees that the Great Council, convened by order of the monarch, is hereby dissolved.'"  Shouts returned.  "'All members shall be forcibly removed from the chambers if necessary, nor shall they meet again without the king's bidding.'"
The soldiers took a step out from the walls and raised their weapons.  A few people screamed and most clamored for the exits.  While the senior councilors lumbered down the steps from the platform, Graeme pulled Fae close to Domos and said, "The tavern, tonight?"  Both of them nodded in the affirmative.

"Why were you at the Great Council, secretary?"
Wynton looked from the king's chest and then toward the guard at the door.  "I saw that many of the people who fled the throne room were members of the Great Council, your majesty.  I also heard the former earl marshal express his desire to speak before them.  So I went."
"Mm."  Edgar had his hands in front of his mouth as he thought.  "How often do you visit the Great Council?"
Domos forced a smile despite his nervousness.  "Often, when they are in session, your majesty.  My primary duty is to relay information from the various aspects of government to you, as well as the reverse."
"Mm."  
The secretary felt hot.  He knew it wasn't, but he felt it.  He even felt a trickle of perspiration run from under his arm and down his ribcage.  It was enough to tickle, but he resisted the urge to shift in his seat.
"Very well."  The king looked at the guard, "You may leave."  The young woman nodded and left the room.  He then leaned onto the desk and smiled, "Tell me.  How did the Great Council react when my men entered?"
After a long exhale, Wynton nodded, "They were frightened, your majesty.  Very frightened." 
The king laughed.  "Good.  What were they going to do?  They couldn't do anything, yes?"
"Likely no, your majesty.  They could only object to your orders."
Edgar slapped the desktop.  "Excellent.  Well, we have busy days ahead of us."
"We do, your majesty."  Domos stood and bowed before the king waved him off.  
After he left the regency room and walked the halls of the palace, he relieved his tension from being in Edgar's presence by rotating the band of his large, gold ring about his finger.  He worried about remaining so near the king.  Then he thought, This could be very beneficial.
XII
ARLETH
1,035 Years After Colonization

The queen was in her office with the chancellor, looking at figures provided by the Assembly.  Funds were low and so were the military's resources.  Fending off raids and attacks on Leo while supporting their many holdings scattered around the worlds had not been inexpensive.  It appeared dire.
The prince came to the door and stood for several seconds.  No one acknowledged him.  Finally, he grunted loudly, "Mother."
Without looking up from her work, Arleth said, "What is it?"
"I need to speak with you."  He looked at Alois.  "Alone."
The queen raised her head and studied her son.  He wasn't in his typically carefree or impetuous mood.  Something troubled him.  "Leave us."  The chancellor bowed and departed.  Gervase walked in and stood before her ornate desk.  Only her eyes moved with him and she asked, "What is it?"
He slumped to one side.  "I have a problem."
"Obviously."
"You now have a problem, too."
Arleth sighed and reclined in her chair.  "Wonderful.  What have you done?"
He was no longer looking in her eyes.  "A girl is with child."
The queen nearly shrugged.  "You have done this before.  Why is it …"  Realization came upon her and her stomach sank.  "No."
Gervase nodded.  "Yes."
Arleth stood from her chair and went to the windows of the office.  Without looking outside, her eyes darted as her mind worked.  She clenched her fists and thought about turning and striking her son.  "Why?"
He smirked.  "You have seen her, yes?"  The queen looked over her shoulder at him and he felt the daggers she stared into him.  He squirmed and said, "She is not boring like all of the others."
She shook her head and asked, "Will she be visiting the apothecary, like 'all of the others?'"
"No."  Gervase angrily crossed his arms.  "She said it would be a 'sin against Venus and Juno,'" he mocked.
To her own surprise, tension seemed to fall from her chest and she breathed more easily.  "Then congratulations are in order.  Your first child."  She faced him and added, "That we know of."
"That we know of."
Arleth sensed this wasn't the end of it.  There was something else.  "A child … this does not concern you."
"No.  What do I care?"
"What is it then?"
Frustration grew and caused him to scrunch up his face and writhe in his seat.  "She … wants to get married!"
The queen's eyebrows raised.  "This is what bothers you?"
He rolled his eyes.  "Of course."
"Why?"
"I do not want to be married!  Nor do I want to be a … peace treaty by proxy."
"You idiot."  Gervase was stunned.  "You are the crown prince of Leo.  You have always been a treaty in waiting."
He waved his hand dismissively.  "All the more reason to not get married."
"But you are keen to spread your seed on the wind like a lion's-tooth?"
He shrugged and grinned.  "That's more fun."
Arleth stretched toward him and slapped the side of his head.  He raised an arm to deflect the blow too late, and seeing this, she struck his blocking arm three more times.
"Listen, you shit.  Do you have no idea of what you have done?"
Still reeling, Gervase's eyes moved to the left and he answered slowly, "I … impregnated the princess of Virgo?"
The queen nodded in an exaggerated fashion as though she were speaking to a little child.  "Yes, at a time when her very presence here has angered our enemy.  At a time when a mad king sits upon their throne.  At a time when his own court and people have put his position in doubt."
"Isn't that good for us?"
Possibly, she thought, but she wouldn't say it aloud.  "You know about wounded animals?  This is when they are most dangerous.  Now let us pretend that this wounded animal is also rabid.  They are ever more unpredictable."
The prince seemed to understand.  He straightened in his chair and appeared worried.  "What will we do?"
"You will marry her."
"But you said Virgo would be displeased."
"In the near future.  By your wedding, you will place us in power over our enemy."
"But Edgar the Mad still rules."
"He will not forever.  Whether by his madness, his people, or old age, he will one day be gone.  Before that time comes, you will have wed Everleigh and be positioned to rule Virgo."
Gervase stood and huffed.  "But I don't want …"
Arleth planted her index finger against his chest forcefully.  "You will."  He began to object and she continued, "If you, by your suffering a marriage to a beautiful woman, can spare our world a war that has lasted for three centuries, by the gods, you will damn well do it."
His shoulders sank and he lowered his head.  She continued to stare at him and, finally, he nodded.  "Yes, mother."
"Now.  Go fetch your betrothed.  We have much to discuss."  Defeated, the prince slowly left the office.
Alois reentered.  "May I ask what that was regarding, your majesty?"
The queen sat in her chair again and placed her hands on the arms.  She took a deep breath and looked at the chancellor.  After a smile slowly crept across her face, she said, "His prick may have saved us all."
XIII
DOMOS
1,035 Years After Colonization

A different city, a different tavern.
It was after nightfall and the royal secretary walked the streets of Botwulf.  The weather was warm in the damp port city but he kept his cloak on and his hood raised.  He could not afford to be recognized here, a city with a growing anti-Royalist sentiment.
He reached the door of the tavern in question and knocked three times.  After a moment, it opened and a man in a red uniform stood there.  Domos looked up and removed his hood.  The officer nodded over his shoulder.  "They're waiting."
Wynton entered and saw Graeme Ryder, Fae Dane, Senior Councilor Bailey, and another officer at the far table.  As he crossed the room, he unfastened and removed his cloak.  "Good evening all."
"Secretary."  The former earl marshal stood and revealed his own ornate red uniform jacket.  
Domos looked at him up and down before saying, "I approve of the new look, my duke."
"Thank you.  I have personally taken command of Clay's guard.  I will be returning there once the meeting is complete."
"That is well."
Dane was wide-eyed and nervous.  "Has the king spoken of the Great Council?"
"Not for some time."  The secretary sat and took a cup of ale passed to him by Bailey.  His ring clinked against the metal as he lifted it to his lips.  "As far as I am able to determine, Buskirk remains ignorant of your rebellious convention in Botwulf."  The councilors both sighed and Ryder's lieutenant glared at him.  "You gather some three hundred people so the word will escape and the king will know.  I would keep your debate brief."
Graeme sat again and gestured toward the young woman.  "This is my second, Paityn Etel.  She doesn't trust you."
Wynton sipped the ale and enjoyed the taste.  "Wise.  I am still in the employ of King Edgar, after all."  He reached into his black jacket and removed a folded piece of parchment.  "Open it."  He drank more of the ale.  Ryder and Etel spread it onto the table and saw that it was a map of Virgo's eastern hemisphere.  "I bring news of Royalist troop movements."
Paityn pointed to Botwulf's location on the map.  "What are these circles?"
"Those are cities suspected of having anti-Royalist leanings.  Or soldiers."  
The others at the table looked at the map closely.  Ryder shook his head, "Nearly all are circled."
"Yes.  The king suspects everyone.  Consider yourselves fortunate.  With so many targets, his true opponents may hide more easily."  He drank again.  "And we must thank Lord Tenning."
The duke asked, "Whatever for?" 
"The king ordered orbital bombardments of these rebel strongholds."  Immediately, the others looked down at the map in shock.  "The earl marshal managed to dissuade him."
They sighed and young Etel studied the map again.  "If we had half this many supporters, our chances would be the greater."
"In truth, we have Botwulf," Ryder drew his finger up the coast, "my city of Clay," he moved his finger again, "Rasen, Louth, and Otley."
"Those are all large, fortified cities," Domos said.
"We also have many smaller towns throughout."  The duke leaned back and said, "I would estimate that we might muster some fifteen thousand if need be."
Dane sighed.  "So little."
Etel said, "Two hundred dead on Troy did not buy as much support as we may have hoped."
"But why?" Bailey said.
"It is far from home and thus far from the people's worries," Ryder said.
Fae lifted her head, "And we often forget that the king rules by divine right bestowed by the Pantheon."
Domos chuckled.  "Do you still believe that, councilor?"
She thought and weakly answered, "Yes.  And so do many of the people, I would wager."
"Then what do you make of our present situation?"
"We are being tested."
Ryder shook his head.  "Tests do not lead to the deaths of two hundred people.  A quarter the population of Harolton."  He looked at the map again and said, "You spoke of Royalist movements."
Wynton pointed to the map.  "An army under the command of Duchess Natley has been dispatched to Drayton."
Graeme touched the map by the name.  "That is precariously near Clay."
"Indeed.  The king knows you have taken up your duchal charge since you left your role as earl marshal.  He does not trust you."  Domos looked at the uniform.  "With good reason, it seems."
"Others?" Etel asked.
"Three other lords have assumed command of the garrisons at Barnesby, Faresham, and Wilton.  Dozens of landfyrds, horsefyrds, and shipfyrds from garrisons in the south have been withdrawn and placed around Buskirk itself, under the command of Tenning."
Ryder kept his eyes on the map.  "What about Louth and Otley?  There are large garrisons there and the king must know that the officers are no longer loyal to him."
"He knows.  The earl marshal consults with the king daily on movements and I suspect there will be more near Louth and Otley soon."
The duke shook his head.  "Fighting against the king's armies."  He glanced at the secretary and asked, "Is your brother still an officer?"
"Yes, though he is stationed on Taurus at present."
Bailey said, "Despite the lack of our numbers, we are gathering more supporters the more word of the king's madness spreads.  Yet we do not have the support of the nobles."
"And this is a problem," the duke said.  "What army we have we lack in noblemen to name as officers."
Wynton finished his ale.  "Then name a good soldier an officer and be done with it."
Ryder almost laughed.  "A commoner?  Someone without a title?"
Domos shrugged, "Better a plain man than none."  He saw the confusion of the others and he raised his hand to deflect criticism, "Fear not.  I am no populist nor do I count it among my aims."
"Regarding the nobles," Bailey resumed, "we have lost more than half their number from the Council."
"You are not likely to regain them," the secretary said.  "They may understand that the king is mad but they will not participate in an undertaking that may, by extension, undercut their own power."
"Without the nobles," Dane said, "we also lack funds."
"Indeed."  Wynton pushed the empty cup away.  "Let us hope that this rebellion is a short one."
Graeme muttered, "You speak the word too easily.  Perhaps it is in your blood."
As Dane and Bailey chuckled, Paityn glanced about the table.  "Forgive me.  Is your family known for rebellion, secretary?"
"On the contrary, lef-tenant."  His finger brushed his gold ring and he said, "I am descended from the Founder himself."
"This I knew," the young woman said.
"And I am descended from the line of monarchs, beginning with King Alcid the Fourth."  Her eyes widened and Wynton continued, "Some four or five centuries ago, my weak ancestor Alcid the Eighth was overthrown by his general, Aurelia Mercia, the first ruler of that house and mother of all monarchs after.  The remnants of my clan mounted a counter-rebellion which was put down and the survivors placed in the queen's servitude.  I and a few others have risen to lofty positions despite this."
"Because of affection for your name and the Founder," Fae said.
"Likely," the secretary said.  "Still, it pains me that only the rebellion of my ancestors is recalled and not Aurelia's."
"Regardless," Bailey huffed, "ours is not a rebellion."
"Then what are your aims at this meeting of the Great Council?" Domos asked.  "A meeting that has been ruled illegal by the king?"
Dane answered, "We will draft a statement decreeing our right to exist and to condemn the king's attack on Harolton."
"Is that all?  You will not call for the king's removal?"
Fae looked at him in the eye.  "I will not call for it.  But we will abide by the tenor of the meeting."
The secretary made ready to stand.  "Then this effort is futile."
"Damn you," Dane said.  "You know that it is not."
"Then the council must do more than shame him for his atrocities," Domos said.  "Your time is wasted if you see a man ill-fit for the throne and do naught to remove him."
Bailey shook his head, "We do not have that power."
Wynton leaned onto the table and made a fist.  "Then seize it!  If the king claims the right to rule from the gods, then do the same!  Or claim it from the right of the people!  The Great Council represents the people and if the king does not have them then he is no king."
The others were quiet and Ryder slowly nodded his head.  Bailey softly replied, "That sounds rather populist."
"No.  It is just."
Dane looked at him, pleadingly, "The law does not allow this."
"Necessity has no law, councilor, and yet necessity is upon you."  He turned, gathered his cloak, and left.
XIV
RYDER
1,035 Years After Colonization

Five large tents had been erected and connected on the long field used for Botwulf's harpsball games.  Chairs and speaking docks were hastily gathered and filled the space.  A simple dais was set on the south side of the tents where the senior councilors would overlook the other councilors who argued, bickered, and battled for two full days.  There were three hundred in the Great Council and most of the sixty nobles had aligned with the king.  A further seventy members took the king's ban on the Council to heart and would not dare appear.
Fae Dane's schedule was simple.  Matter one, declare the Great Council's right to exist.  A simple decree had been drafted and it was voted on in less than one hour.  Matter two, condemn the king's attack on Harolton.  The debate lasted three hours, but it, too, was approved overwhelmingly.  Matter three was slated for open debate and herein lay the problem.
The Duke of Clay, Graeme Ryder, stood on the dais behind the senior councilors at Dane's request.  "You convey strength and implicit noble endorsement to our cause," she had said and he believed her to be correct.  But here at the start of the third day of the convention, it was the words of warning from the royal secretary that remained in his mind.
A merchant from Kirk was at the dock now and addressed the gathering in a booming voice.  "The king has decided, on the advice of the moldering grandmaster," there were boos and hisses, "that Troy was braced for insurrection against the crown!  The well-leashed earl marshal drove a force numbered thrice over the population of Harolton to bring the non-rebellion to heel!  They found no seditious writing!  They found no stockpiles of weaponry!  They found no organizers!  They found confused Virgans and they slaughtered some two hundred at the king's behest!"  The audience erupted with cheers and jeers but the merchant was not finished, "This was on a world far from here, but what if the late Elric hears whispers of treason from Hadrian?!  From Bloustaff?!  From Clay or Corry or Cent?!"
Someone cried out from the gallery, "There are more than whispers of treason in this very tent!"
The merchant from Kirk turned to face his unknown heckler and answered, "My loyalty abides ever with Virgo and her people!  So say we all!  My loyalty abides also with the crown, but the crown must rest upon a head fit to bear it!"
Applause erupted and drowned the jeers from the apparent Royalists.  The merchant stepped away from the dock and another person rose to take his place.  Senior Councilor Bailey stood from his chair and scanned to the next speaking post.  The woman there looked toward the dais and Bailey announced, "The Great Council recognizes the member from Harst, Lady Batilde."
The woman nodded and turned to face the length of the assembly.  The crowd was still murmuring and rumbling after the last speaker but she opened her mouth to begin.  She did not have the chance.
A gunshot sounded from the distant northern end of the tent.  More gunshots from the sides.  Engines roared outside the fabric walls until a Virgan attack ship ran into the western side of the tent near its top, flew across the field's width, and then gathered the opposite side of the tent on its face.  It tore the fabric away from the structure exposing the Council to the morning air and the hovering vessels outside.  Support beams fell into the gallery and ropes lashed at them, too.  The councilors began to cry out in a panic and flee.  
As a volley of gunfire echoed from the far side of the tent, Ryder grabbed Fae Dane's arm and pulled her off the dais.  Two other councilors followed and soon, the duke met Paityn Etel who had just entered from a flap in the wall.
"My lord," she said, out of breath, "we must flee!"
When they emerged from their end of the collapsing tent, Dane, Bailey, and Senior Councilor Westin squinted in the bright sunlight and looked into the sky.  Three Virgan ships were circling the field and there were soldiers in open hatches of all three firing at people on the ground.  
"Where is our vessel?" Graeme asked.
"Over the ridge to the west!" Etel yelled and began to run.
"Councilors, stay with me."  Ryder removed a pistol from his holster and left the cover of crates and the edge of the broken tent.  
Along the length of the field, hundreds of blue-shirted royal forces descended on their target.  They were masked in the morning haze and the blue-green grass that surrounded them.  Soldiers fired into the group of people as they scrambled over folds of fabric and fallen beams.  Several councilors who managed to escape the tent fell to their knees immediately with their hands raised.  Some were arrested by soldiers and others were simply executed.
The duke's heart sank and he sensed the inevitability of death.  Then he saw a line of cavalry come over a near rise.  They wore the same Virgan blue uniforms as the king's army and they appeared to be bearing down on them.  Ryder stopped running and holstered his weapon.  "My friends, I fear our flight is at an end."  The councilors stood by him and waited to be crushed under the beasts' hooves.
Suddenly, the horsefyrd turned north and began to mow into lines of royal soldiers.  Only then did Ryder notice the patch the soldiers wore on their sleeves marking them as members of Botwulf's city guard.  
"Great Zeus," Dane said.  
The duke removed his pistol again.  "Run!"
They moved up the hill as groups of blue-shirted soldiers fired on each other in plumes of smoke and confusion.  Virgan attack ships ceased their fire as even they lost track of which soldiers were their own.  Dozens of councilors used the moment to leave their cover and flee for the ships, vehicles, and horses that waited beyond the harpsball field.  
Etel had made it to the duke's ship and found two councilors from Clay there and waiting.  She opened the hatch and prepped its engines while Ryder guided everyone aboard.  "Launch when ready."
"Yes, lord."  
Paityn manipulated the controls and Graeme sat beside her.  "Keep us low and move us into the west for several kilometers.  Then, once we are away from Botwulf, turn north for Clay."
"Yes, lord."
Ryder slid out of the chair and moved to the rear cabin.  He looked across the faces of the five people there and saw their shock.  "Is anyone injured?"  No one answered.  
Dane asked without making eye contact, "What will we do now?"  The ship rumbled and banked.
"We will go to Clay.  My city is fortified and I have more soldiers than the crown suspects."  The duke saw a couple of heads nod.  "I will welcome what remains of the Great Council, should they be able to make their way."
Westin shook his head.  "Should any councilors who live still wish to be a part of it."
"I believe that today may win us more allies than we have lost," Ryder said.  "But the path ahead will not prove fair."
XV
EVERLEIGH
1,035 Years After Colonization

She walked the cool, dark corridors of the palace, looking in storage rooms and closets.  She heard a noise ahead and she came to a stop.  Muscles twitched and spasmed in her abdomen.  Everleigh stroked and then placed her hand underneath her large belly.  Corliss had warned her not to press on, but she continued.
She rounded a corner and saw the flicker of candlelight under a wooden door.  She heard furniture creaking and the sound she feared most.  She nearly burst into tears but her anger rose and she pushed it back.  Everleigh stood before the door and gripped the handle.  She took a deep breath and winced through the pain of another spasm.  After turning the handle, she pulled it open.
In the well-lit room, she saw the faces of two people.  On her hands and knees, she recognized the daughter of Lord Mallorie.  Her breasts dangled from her body and swept with each thrust onto the low table beneath her.  Behind her and pulling her long hair taut was the naked and sweating Gervase.  Though Everleigh dreaded it, she expected to see this.  Then they did something she did not expect.  
They laughed.
"You said she would not find us," the woman said, still chuckling.
The prince, who had not stopped his movements, said, "I did.  I suppose you win the wager."
Everleigh stood there and watched them continue their fornication from the doorway.  She found that she could say nothing.  After a moment, Gervase said, "Close the door, will you?  There is a draft and my cock does not like the cold."  The woman laughed again and the princess turned away and into the hall.
She wandered for a while in the palace.  She thought she might cry but tears never actually appeared.  Her abdomen continued to pain her and she finally stopped by a window and looked outside toward the Argentan River.  She watched the flow of it for a moment and then she felt wetness trickle down her leg.  Everleigh cursed herself, thinking that in her daze and seeing the river that she had wet herself.  As she moved and more fluid gushed from her, she realized her water had broken.

Corliss had held her hand for hours and encouraged her along the way.  Other maidens attended to her, ones native to the palace whom the pair of exiles from Virgo had befriended.  They were caring and kind and guided her through the birth. 
Once the midwife held the screaming child up and announced that it was a son, Everleigh exhaled and nearly passed out from the strain.  She nodded, finally, and said, "Williame."
"Good name, your highness," Corliss said.  She wiped the woman's sweaty brow and stood.  "Shall I fetch some water?"
"Please."  She tried to raise herself up onto her elbows so she could watch the midwife clean the baby.  Her lady-in-waiting was quick with a pillow and slid it under her back so she could recline somewhat.  Finally, the midwife brought Williame to her and she held the baby close to her.  The plump child shook and screamed and flailed its tiny arm against her cheek.  She smiled and cupped the back of his head.  She smelled him and, for a moment, everything seemed right.
The door to the chamber opened and dread fell on her.  She expected her husband to enter, but, instead, it was the queen.  The maidens bowed toward her and Everleigh tried to rise further.  Arleth held her hand and shook her head.  "No, my dear.  Rest."
She sat on Corliss' stool and pulled back the corner of the boy's blanket.  "Williame, your majesty."
She smiled.  "Very good."  She looked at her grandson for a moment and stroked the wisp of fine hair above his ear.  "Now our worlds are truly linked."
The memory of Gervase and his liaison returned to her and she began to weep.  The nervous maidens left the room and softly closed the door behind them.  Everleigh felt a tightness in her chest as though she were restrained.  She looked away from the queen and the baby finally settled and nuzzled its closed eyes into the white blanket.
"I am sorry, my dear," Arleth said.  "I fear that more traits are hereditary than the simple color of one's eyes."  Everleigh looked back at the queen and she nodded, "Yes.  You will note that I no longer have a king consort."
"With children," she wiped her face with her free hand, "did the nature of your relationship not change?"
The queen sighed and said, "Were I to say 'yes,' I should be branded a liar."  When Everleigh began to weep again, Arleth brushed the boy's cheek with her finger and said, "Allow other things to distract you.  Things of greater importance than my son.  Think of young Williame and his future.  Seek solace in that and abandon thoughts that would draw you away."
The princess nodded and the queen remained with her, holding Everleigh's hand and stroking her grandchild's back.
XVI
EDGAR
1,035 Years After Colonization

The king looked at the workers on ladders in his war room.  What had once been the eastern drawing room had been converted months ago to show the movements of rebel forces and the king's armies.  Now one wall was emptied of portraits and men were ready to unfurl a new map.  When they were ready, they did, and the bottom of a large map of Leo unrolled and fell four meters to the floor.  There were two views of the planet's surface, showing the major cities and the continents.  There was also a view of the globe of Leo in space with known orbital stations and ships marked.
"Excellent!" Edgar clapped.  
The earl marshal and his generals moved closer to inspect it.  "A wonderful map, your majesty," Tenning said.
"It is," the king said.
Pointless, failure.
"Your majesty," Wynton Domos was standing behind Edgar with his hands clasped behind his back, as usual, "you have not said what your intentions are toward Leo."
"I was waiting for the map," he smiled again and brushed his hand down the front of his dark blue military jacket until his thumb found his belt.  He ran his right hand to the side and then gripped his sword.
Use it!
"The news from Leo is most dire," Edgar said.  "My traitorous cousin has whored herself to the crown prince and has now birthed a son."  Everyone in the room nodded.  "I need not list all the ways in which this is ill for Virgo."
"No, your majesty," Domos said.  The secretary walked in front of the king, between him and the map.  When Edgar's view was drawn to him, he spoke softly, "Perhaps this is an opportunity to discuss the matter of issue."  The king furrowed his brow.  "A direct issue from your majesty would quell these concerns from Leo."
He challenges you!
"No."  He shook his head and walked around the secretary so he could see the map in full again.  "There is to be no further discussion of issue!"
He calls you a murderer!
Domos held his head low.  "Yes, your majesty."
"We will instead discuss war."  He looked toward Tenning.  "How best should we respond to this affront?"
The old man looked at his generals and then back toward the king.  "What are your intentions, your majesty?"
Edgar's head swirled and he slapped the side of his scabbard.  "To punish Leo!  To demand the return of my cousin!  And now her child, too, I suppose."
Flustered, the earl marshal bowed and walked to the map.  "Yes, your majesty."  He took a long stick from the wall and stood before it.  "To the best of our knowledge, the princess and her son are in Lomere."  He pointed at it with the stick.  "We have a number of spies who might aid us.  I suggest we await word that the princess has vacationed in her duchy of Redon or perhaps another location where we might more easily …"
"No," Edgar shook his head.  "We need to attack now."
Tenning and the generals faced the king and stared.
They conspire before your eyes!
"Your majesty," Tenning walked away from the map and said, "many of our number are currently engaged in watches on suspected rebellious cities.  Some are fully involved in combat."
"Then we will need more soldiers," the king said.
"Yes, your majesty."  The earl marshal screwed up his mouth to speak, but he needed to also build his courage.  "However, we lack the funds for such an endeavor."
Edgar stomped and finally pulled his sword from its sheath.
Yes!  Do it!
"Do I have rebels in my court?"
Traitors all!
Nervously, everyone lowered their heads even further than before.  Tenning shook his and softly said, "No, your majesty."
Lies!
"Then why will no one do what I will?!"
Domos stepped back into the king's view and said in his soothing tone, "Your majesty, the earl marshal would perform as you will, but having the money to do so is beyond his abilities."
Edgar looked at the secretary and his aggressive stance relaxed.  After putting his sword back in its sheath, he nodded and said, "Then we shall raise taxes."
Wynton glanced toward Tenning and said, "Your majesty, tradition has been that such increases are passed through the Great Council."
"You are the secretary.  Bid them do so."
"Your majesty," Domos moved closer and lowered his voice, "you dissolved that body and had scores of them slain at their rebellious meeting in Botwulf."
"Oh, yes."  Edgar nodded.  "Thank you, secretary."
"Of course, your majesty."  Wynton bowed and backed away, out of sight.
"Earl marshal," the king pronounced with great volume and pomp, "you will raise the needed funds by raiding the cities and towns."
Tenning waited for a moment and then asked, "Which cities and towns, your majesty?"
"Whichsoever cities and towns are nearest your soldiers."
The secretary rushed back into the king's view.  "Your majesty.  Might I recommend that this action be carried out with our holdings on Gemini, Pisces, Taurus, …"
Edgar interrupted and waved his hand wildly.  "No, no!  We don't have time to send my orders across the stars and then have them seize and bring funds back here!  No.  There is wealth in our cities.  Earl marshal, you will go and take it!"  Tenning and Domos shared a look and the old man looked back at the king with wide eyes.  "Nordfolk, Bloustaff, Hadrian.  It matters not.  Go!"
Idiots.  Failures.  Just like you.
He bowed and said with a quaking voice, "Yes, your majesty."  He then raised up and guided his generals quickly out of the room.
The secretary remained near and it seemed as though he had something to say.  When he did not, Edgar walked closer to the map and planted his hands on his waist.  He smiled and looked across the drawn surface of Leo and imagined walking there, victorious.
XVII
RYDER
1,035 Years After Colonization

The warning from the secretary came two days ago.  Clay was braced for an attack.  The duke knew that the king's eye already looked askance at it, plus it was a wealthy place.  It was ripe for raiding to bolster the royal coffers.
A messenger brought a paper to the room, placed it on the table, bowed, and left.  Graeme Ryder picked it up and read it.  He looked toward the four senior councilors who survived the attack and said, "There are three more new members of the Council who have arrived.  They are requesting lodgings."
"That brings us above one hundred," Bailey said.  "Nearer and not yet near enough."
The royal decree that established the Great Council centuries ago set their number at three hundred and for any matter to pass the body, one hundred fifty-one members must vote in the affirmative.  In order to take any action under the barest semblance of law, they all knew they needed at least that number again before they could meet in earnest.  To replenish their numbers after the massacre at Botwulf, secret elections were held in cities around the world, but these were slow-going and difficult, but new councilors were traveling to Clay.
"What word of the king's raids?" Dane asked.
"Scattered signals and messages," the duke walked toward the window of his office and looked down on the square outside his citadel.  "Small towns and villages, mostly."
Westin nodded.  "Tenning is wise enough to not anger the lords of large cities."
"Clay would not be so great a loss for the king, I think," Dane said, "if its duke was captured and his vaults laid bare."
"Indeed."  He walked back to his desk and looked at the list of inns and homes that had vacancies for visitors.  "I believe you shall have your quorum the more the king's pockets swell with the people's money."
"May Jupiter hear your words," Councilor Westin said.

Near sunset, Ryder walked through the streets of his city.  He wore his red uniform jacket, emblazoned with medals and an honorarium sash.  His sword was on one hip and his pistol on the other.  He wore his pointed black hat with a plume of white and blue feathers.  The people who passed him bowed courteously and he returned their greeting.  Soldiers on patrol stopped and saluted before he waved them along.
He had reached the square at the center of the city when he heard the bells at the western gate.  Two quick chimes followed by two quick chimes.  It repeated.  
They attack by both land and air, he thought.  
The duke turned and ran back toward the citadel.  Lines of soldiers ran past him and he heard the engines of Clay's attack ships lifting off from the nearby field.  Good.  Everyone knows their duties.
He reached the gates of the citadel when Paityn Etel emerged with Serjeant Alger Vance.  The large, round man had his rifle at the ready and he scanned the sky for the sight of enemy craft.
"All posts report ready and deploying, lord," the lieutenant said.
"Excellent."
"Any change in your orders?" she asked.
He smirked.  The lieutenant had argued against meeting the invaders on the field, preferring instead to wage a siege which Clay would undoubtedly outlast.  The lord knew, however, that the Royalist forces were anticipating a siege, so he wanted the element of surprise.  "No change.  Go to communications and oversee the air operations."  Etel nodded and ran back inside.  "Vance, get to the western wall and oversee the deployment of the anti-aircraft weaponry."
"Yes, m'lord."  The serjeant went to the outer walls.  
Graeme ran toward the stables and found his horse, saddled and with its reins being held by his young aide.  "Thank you, Crawford."  The boy bowed and ran back into the stables to ready more animals.
Horsefyrds rode through the stable doors and toward the northern gate and the postern doors.  Ryder himself pushed his animal to the main gate and he came upon a crowd of landfyrds pouring through the wall's exits.  
In a canyon of buildings and the looming wall, he lost sight of the sky.  The noise of explosions of varying pitches and intensity, muffled by distance, reached his ears.  The red-coated soldiers before him were pressed against each other and flowed out through the tunnel and into the fields.  Finally, he could emerge and oversee the battle that now gripped his home.
The sun set behind the horizon and the sky around it was ablaze with orange.  Purple and blue crept from the other compasspoints and Clay airships streaked overhead.  They met the newer, Virgan royal ships and cannon fire from each strafed the other.  On the ground, horsefyrds from Clay rode from the north end of the wall toward his position and they bore down on the Royalist soldiers who now stood in perfect lines and raised their rifles to fire.
The volley poured across the ground and felled dozens of red-shirted soldiers as those who remained standing returned fire.  The blue-shirted soldiers dropped in near-equal numbers.  The city's horsefyrds neared the battle, but the king's own cavalry rode between their vulnerable men and the anxious hooves of Clay's animals.  Horses rammed and crashed into each other.  Rifles and pistols were fired at close range into the horsefyrd ranks.  Officers fell from their steeds and swords were pulled, slashing at the men and women, and the horses, too.
The city's airships withdrew and ten Virgan vessels circled the field of battle.  Their hatches opened and soldiers inside fired down onto the field.  As the city's guard suffered, the countermeasures commanded by Serjeant Vance were loosed.  Cannon fired shot into the air which did little but buffet the airships with shockwaves.  Rockets launched from steel cases and some luckily struck the hovering ships' hulls.  Half of the Virgan fleet was damaged and the rest pulled away to take refuge out of range or higher up.  If they increase their altitude, Ryder thought, then they mean to bomb us.
More of Vance's defensive measures also poured forth.  Smoke.  Men turned cranks which blew great wafts of thick, white, oily smoke along the ground.  Even the glowing blue haze of Virgo's grass was drowned by the opaque cover.  Redshirts fired on blue again and again and lines continued to fall.  The duke raised his spyglasses to his eyes and scanned the distance for a sign of Duchess Natley, the king's commander of this force from Drayton.  He could not see her, but he did see a new group of soldiers emerge from behind the royal bluecoats.  These soldiers wore white jackets with yellow pants.  They had no helmet, but wore small, black, box-shaped hats on their heads and a thick, black collar around their throats.  They wore a wide blue belt of fabric about their waists and they carried long swords.  Then they began to run.
The Royalists fired from their typical lines, but these swordsmen ran around them and into the open space between the two groups.  Graeme recognized them.  Sagittarians.  Conscripted warriors. I wish I might call up savages of my own.  They cried out in a piercing wail and raised their swords high, rushing into the clouds of rifle smoke without any apparent fear or hesitation.  Anywhere else on Virgo, such a sight would have sent chills down the spines of commanding officers.  But here, in Clay, the city's duke had once been stationed on that far-off world and had seen the vicious way these primitives were taught to wage war.  Most enemies of Virgo would not know how to respond to such an attack.  Ryder's men and women, though, had been trained.
The lines of the city's guard did not retreat nor did they flinch.  They fired and reloaded as quickly as they could before the white-jacketed opponents were on them.  When they saw they could not fire again in time, the soldiers dropped their rifles and withdrew their swords.  Seeing the Sagittarians holding their longswords so high, the first lines of the guard ran forward with their sabers and lunged, keeping low to the ground.  Before the enemy could bring their swords down, dozens had been stabbed through the abdomen and fell clutching their wounds.  The rear lines continued to fire until the Sagittarians were upon them, too, but despite the slaughter, they came.
Over two thousand conscripted swordsmen and women from that colony entered the battlefield and in less than twenty minutes, their number was down to a quarter.  White jackets were made red and they fell into the bed of smoke never to rise again.  Seeing the collapse of their surprise regiment, the royal army fell into confusion.  Several landfyrds began a retreat.  Their horsefyrds were still engaged with the city's own and even these noblemen fled after seeing what transpired.
A bomb fell onto the field to the duke's left and exploded near no soldiers.  Vance's cannon fired as high as they might, but the Virgan airships were too far away.  Clay's own vessels, which had retreated when the anti-aircraft campaign began, now swept high into the clouds to deal with the new threat.  When a second bomb landed in the midst of the smoke-covered field and blew the bodies of already-dead Virgans and Sagittarians apart and into the sky, Ryder looked up toward the wall and called out, "Signal the retreat!"
A soldier looked down and verified the source of the command.  "Yes, lord!"  A moment later, the bell clanged and the lines of Clay soldiers began to march backward from the field to the gates and walls.  They fired as they moved and the Royalists withdrew, as well.  The clashing horsefyrds broke apart and the redshirt cavalry rode back to the walls.  One lord rode to the duke and said, "A good day, lord!  A battle well fought and won!"
A siege might still fall upon us.  "Thus far, sir.  Thus far."
The sun was now gone and the sky was deep blue and clouded with wisps of both natural and artificial cover.  The fields before them were laden with smoke and Ryder's heart sank knowing there were thousands of people dead and dying beneath it.
"My duke," Lieutenant Etel said as she rode to his side.  "Our vessels have the skies and our pilots say the fyrds appear to be in full retreat back toward Drayton."
Graeme sighed.  He inhaled deeply and nearly coughed on the scent of cordite and oily smoke.  He nodded and said, "Let us hope that our sister cities have fared as well as we."
XVIII
DOMOS
1,035 Years After Colonization

He entered the royal communication suite and saw the young woman sitting at the controls.  She wore a helmet fitted with speakers, listening for any message that might come in on royal frequencies.
Domos went to her side and startled her.  "Forgive me, Hayley Stuarts."
She nodded her head toward him.  "Royal secretary."
He sat in the chair by hers and said, "I have a signaling message for you to send; not voice."  She reached for the logbook and her pen.  Wynton raised his hand.  "There will be no need for that."
"Yes, secretary."  He placed two golden coins on the table and she slid them quickly into her pocket.
"The frequency is twelve-three-zero-zero kilocycles."  
Stuarts turned the dial.  "One, two, three, zero, zero."
"Yes."  He pushed a slip of paper toward her and glanced at the clock.  Now was the appointed time.  "And this is the message.  You need only send it twice."
She read it once and then began tapping on the brass device.  Beeps filled the room and Domos wished he could reduce the machine's volume.  After she sent it a second time, she passed the paper back to him.  "Finished, secretary."
"Thank you."  He stood and left the room.
He stood on the other side of the closed door and looked up and down the service hallway.  No one else was in sight.  He glanced at the slip once more.  "EM has gone to L and taken the children with him."  It was simple and barely coded, but he knew it would be his head if the woman spoke out.  I should pay her more.
He walked toward the wall's candelabra and held the paper in the flame.  Once it lit, he dropped it to the floor where it drifted and disintegrated into a thin film of ash.

King Edgar paced the floor of his war room and each time he neared the large map of Leo, he glanced up at it, shook his head, and walked to the other side.  There, he stopped at the tables of military communications officers, sitting behind their wireless devices and waiting for word from the assault.  If he saw no activity, the king shook his head again, and made another lap.
The secretary stood on one side of the room and watched.  On the other side stood Lord Ayer, a novice general who was elevated last year when Graeme Ryder and his loyal men and women departed the king's service.  In the absence of the earl marshal and his senior command staff, Lord Ayer was in command of the city's defense.  This bode well.
They had been in this room for hours.  The assault force took off three days ago.  They organized themselves in orbit for a day and then jumped to Leo.  In preparation for the war, the king had worn his Virgan blue military jacket each day and he grew more and more impatient as time passed by without any word from the attack.
A tone filled the room.
Edgar stopped mid stride and turned toward the comms officers.  "Yes?!  What is it?"
The lieutenant's eyes narrowed as he held a speaker to his ear.  His mouth fell open and he looked toward the king.  "Your majesty, there are … armies outside the palace."
"Excellent!"  He clapped his hands and smiled toward Lord Ayer.  "The queen and my damned cousin will be ours at any moment!"
"Your majesty," the young man interrupted warily, "there are armies outside this palace.  Our palace."
Edgar froze.  Then an alarm sounded in the halls and bells rang.  The guards at the doors looked at each other and snapped to attention.  The generals chattered among themselves.  The king slowly looked toward the floor.  
Domos cleared his throat and said, "Lord Ayer?"  The young man turned and looked with irritation at the secretary.  "Should you not go and command our defense?"
He looked at his generals and whispered.  The king quaked and raised his fists.  "Go!"  Ayer and the generals bowed and ran from the room.  Edgar remained still and faced the windows.  They looked out into the enclosed field at the center of Banburgh Castle, the Triad.  "I must see the battle."
As the king stalked out of the war room, Domos followed closely and the chamberlain ran up behind them.  "Should we not make preparations for your escape, your majesty?"  
Domos shook his head to wave her off; he believed he had a chance to persuade him.  Edgar, though, stopped, turned, and glared.  "Should things go ill?"  
She nodded and shrank as the king returned to his long strides.  Wynton watched the chamberlain as she ran into the war room and toward the comms officers.  He stopped and listened as she said, "Send for the king's vessel and have it land in the Triad."
Damn.  The secretary had to jog to catch up with the king and he followed the waves of servants and soldiers who had bowed and were now righting themselves.  The alarms still sounded throughout the halls and Domos winced as he stood under one bell at the foot of the long stairs up the north tower.  There he saw the point of the king's sword disappear two flights above.
Wynton reached him once he had already arrived at the top of the tower.  It was a relatively small and dark room but with open windows.  Cool wind blew through them and the king remained far from them so he could look without being seen.
"How could the Leo have come so quickly and landed upon our shores?  How would they know our forces were departed?  Oh, yes.  They would know when they arrived above Leo."
Domos ventured to a window and looked toward the fields north and east of the palace.  He saw several thousand people and horses.  Landfyrds and horsefyrds wearing Ryder's red jackets from Clay, black-jacketed soldiers from Otley, white shirts from Louth, and large swaths of the other cities' forces that surrounded the palace were wearing the same pale electric blue coats that the king's own wore.  Even more than the uniformed numbers, however, there were people in their own plain clothes.  Undoubtedly citizens from the towns and villages that had been raided in recent weeks and made anti-Royalist by the king's orders.
"Your majesty, these are not the Leo."
Edgar took a step closer and knelt a little.  He focused on the flags and saw the seals of several cities he recognized.  "Rebels," he whispered.
"It would appear so."
He clasped his hands behind his back.  "As you well know, secretary, the monarchy has faced rebels before."  Wynton looked toward Edgar and he continued, "From those who bore your name."
He bit the inside of his cheek.  "I do indeed, my king." 
The king inhaled loudly, sharply, through his nose and turned away from the window.  "How many soldiers remain in Buskirk?"
"I recall Lord Ayer saying there were three landfyrds, two horsefyrds, and two shipfyrds."
"And would you please estimate the numbers of those who besiege us now?"
Domos looked again.  The grass was filled with men, beasts, and machines.  Cannon and ships that hovered and ships that were landed.  Rifles and swords by the thousands.  He looked toward the far end where the distance began to fade his vision and where it was further obscured by the blue glow of Virgo.  He saw several ornately dressed people on horseback and imagined one of them to be the Duke of Clay himself.  He smiled.
"At a minimum, your majesty, I believe they have more than double our numbers.  Likely treble."
Edgar closed his eyes and sighed.  The secretary turned and saw him seemingly deflate.  The tall man sagged and his neck now seemed at a right angle to his spine.  "Royal secretary, I am open to your counsel."
Domos' chest swelled.  He had waited for this moment.  "Your majesty, they have not fired a shot.  Were they here to simply kill and pillage, they would not be sitting idle."  He saw the king's head turn.  "I believe they wish to speak with you."
After a long moment's thought, "Do you believe we should hear them out?"
"I do, your majesty."  Edgar raised his head again.  "These are Virgans, after all.  They are your people."
"People who would take up arms against their king."
Wynton paused and felt the moment slipping away.  He nodded and said, "Under dire circumstances, however, but, yes, your majesty.  You have an opportunity …"
They heard footfalls on the stairs and saw Lord Ayer emerge from below.  Out of breath, the young general bowed and said, "Your majesty.  My soldiers are ready to defend the palace, but we are greatly outnumbered."
"So you are."  Edgar looked out the window again.  "Still, you shall fight."
Domos closed his eyes.  Ayer swallowed hard and said, "Yes, your majesty."
"They are traitors all and must be put to the sword."  The king walked toward the stairs and gripped the general's shoulder.  "Dispatch as many as you might."
"Yes, your majesty."
Domos said again, "There is an opportunity …," but the king was already heading for the stairs.
On the steps, he encountered the master of the bedchamber who bowed and asked, "What are your orders, your majesty?"
Edgar looked toward the hallway below and the chamberlain waiting there, "You sent for my shuttle?"
"I did, your majesty," she answered.
He looked at the master who said, "It has been landed in the Triad."
"Load it quickly."
"Yes, your majesty."  He ran off toward the residential wing.
They remained at the intersection of the two grand halls beneath the north tower.  The king's eyes looked from the far left across the many paintings and statues toward the far right.  So very much opulence and history.  The pair were silent as they walked through the western hall and then turned toward the center of the palace.  A moment later, they emerged in the blue-green grass field and gardens of the Triad.  Three small vessels were there and guards stood beside the hatch of the transport that bore the seals of Virgo and the royal house.  Edgar turned and looked upon each of the three towers and said, "As my father lost Aurelius, I now lose Banburgh."
Wynton walked into his view.  "Perhaps not lost, your majesty.  If you would but speak to the people and their leaders …"
In the distance, beyond the halls of Banburgh, they heard echoes of gunfire and cannon.
The king lowered his head and his chest and shoulders welled with a deep breath.  When his face rose again, he scowled and said, "There will be no words now to assuage these wounds.  They have fired upon the king's soldiers on the grounds of the palace."  He listened to the echoing shots for a moment and then again scanned the lines of the castle above.  "Lost."
Domos knew the opportunity was gone.  He looked warily toward the waiting craft and knew he had to go, too.  "Lost for today, perhaps.  There is tomorrow."
"Tomorrow."  Edgar nodded.  "Tomorrow, Leo may be mine.  Tomorrow, Tenning may return with victorious men and women.  Tomorrow," he began to walk, "we return."  They quickly boarded and the ships lifted off.
They rose above the stone walls of Banburgh Palace and saw two of the three towers on either side of the large window in the passenger cabin.  In the fields far below, the king's cavalry rode toward the lines of the rebels and were nearly eliminated before anyone could be trampled.  Hundreds of royal guards and soldiers stormed from the palace and the nearby barracks to join the fray, but the ship turned south before anyone aboard could see their defeat.
XIX
EDGAR
1,035 Years After Colonization

The flight to the southern hemisphere was long and quiet.  When they finally arrived on the drilling field outside Turbridge Castle in Hadrian, they were alone.  The two attack craft that accompanied them held back and fended off some rebel ships in pursuit, but they never rejoined the king's vessel.
The hatch opened and the few guards aboard disembarked and formed a small gauntlet away from the ship.  The king finally raised his head and looked out the door.  The sky was overcast and the smaller, older palace was near.
This is what you deserve.  Stupid!  Failure!
Edgar emerged and walked several paces from the shuttle before he spun and surveyed the surrounding area.  The city of Hadrian, the first founded on Virgo a millennium ago, was to the north, but to the immediate south lay the reason for this settlement and its fortifications: mines.  Precious metals of many varieties were extracted and used in the many systems and tools that brought Virgo to prominence.  The air smelled of tilled earth, but not in the moist, healthy way it smelled around farms.  Here, it was dry, metallic, and sharp.  Where the breeze had been cool at Buskirk, here it was warm.  The king looked toward the castle again, built on the site where the first ones were built so long ago, and stalked toward the open door.
"Secretary," he asked.
Domos jogged to catch up.  "Yes, your majesty."
"Ensure that the commanders who have survived know that I have transferred the throne here."
They didn't survive!  Like you won't!
"Certainly, your majesty."
Before he reached the palace's servants and the open door, he stopped and faced Wynton.  "Tell me.  How did the armies get so near the palace before we received word?"
Domos nodded.  "A good question, your majesty.  I would presume that there were elements in Buskirk's city guard, or perhaps the palace itself, who were rebels or who were paid to act on their behalf."
"Which is it?"
"I do not know, your majesty.  It may be either, neither, or both."
Lies!
Edgar walked again and entered the castle, ignoring the servants who bowed before him.  He stalked quickly down one direction of the main hall before he stopped, looked around, and then turned the other way.  I've not been here in three years.
Now you'll die here, fool!
The royal secretary was close behind and he entered the throne room right after the king did.  It was smaller and less cavernous.  No candles were lit and no lights were turned on.  The sun illuminated the many covered chairs, still so because the servants had only just been informed of the king's approach.  Edgar walked up the few steps to the platform where the throne stood.  Draped in a blue velvet cloth, he gripped one side and pulled it away, dropping it behind him.  The wooden throne was revealed.  Made of wood from the great trees of Gemini, inlaid with precious jewels from many worlds and lines of gold highlights.  This chair was built for his great-grandfather but he never had it altered because of the recollections it engendered.  His eyes left the plush seat and ornate arms up to the tall back.  Positioned above where the king's head would rest was the Virgan seal.  A blue silk circle with golden triangles for the many worlds of the empire.  
The king shook his head and reared back.  With a great kick, he struck the back of the throne and loosened the panel.  The arms and seat were still affixed to the platform, but a second grunting kick knocked the tall back and seal away where it clattered to the floor below.  
While Edgar stood there and heaved, servants entered the room and removed the plain white drapes from the other chairs in the court's audience.  Domos remained by the door and simply watched.
Surrender now!  Failure!  Fool!
He clenched his fists and stared at what remained of the throne.  It appeared to be a simple seat.  Slowly, he turned and sat on the dark blue cushion and gripped the ends of the armrests.  He focused his eyes toward the door where he saw a woman standing by the secretary.
"Your majesty, the Duchess of Excester, Linley Worthame."
She entered the room and bowed.  She wore a white military jacket, a long, blue skirt, and a sword on her hip.  "Your majesty."
"Greetings, duchess.  Thank you for coming so quickly."
"Of course, your majesty.  What are your orders?"
He sighed.  "Until the return of Tenning from Leo, you shall act as my earl marshal."
"Thank you, your majesty."  She bowed again.
"Where is the lord of Hadrian?"
Domos stepped forward and answered, "Lord Townsende commands a shipfyrd in the assault on Leo."
"I see."
He probably fails you now, as she will.  As you have!
"Duchess," Edgar said, "ensure that we have sufficient soldiers, cavalry, and ships for the defense of Hadrian.  We shall not let it fall to the rebels!"
"Absolutely, your majesty."
"I saw the flags of the cities arrayed against me on that field," he looked away and his eyes glazed over, "thus I know who my enemies are.  We shall strike quickly against them."
Worthame asked, "Should we await the return of the force from Leo, your majesty?  We will need their numbers and their leaders."
He gripped the arms of the throne tighter.
Rebel!  Traitor!
"You are correct, duchess."  She bowed a little in response.  "A lack of soldiers at Banburgh cost us the capital.  Still, we shall make plans."
"Very good, your majesty."
"And we shall imagine that Lord Tenning's armies are not enough.  We shall draw fyrds from Sagittarius, Gemini, Taurus, and Capricorn.  Navies from Pisces, should the need arise."  The king smirked, "We will crush the rebels under boots from the many worlds of the Empire."
"Excellent, your majesty."
"Now go.  Leave me."  Both the secretary and the duchess departed.  The throne room door closed and Edgar was alone.
Fool!  Failure!
He lowered his face in his hands.  After a moment, his mind stilled and he felt a hand on his knee.  He looked up and saw Elric kneeling before him.  "You survived!  I feared the worst!"
His brother gave a half-hearted grin for a moment before shaking his head.  Then, he said, "You are a fool.  And a failure."
The king slumped again in his seat and the cacophony of voices returned.
XX
RYDER
1,036 Years After Colonization

It had been ten months since the fall of Buskirk to the rebels.  The earl marshal's expedition to Leo had failed and nearly half of his ships were destroyed, but what remained was more than enough for Royalist forces to take over several other cities, including Ryder's own Clay.  Armies of soldiers from across the colonies, too, gathered on battlefields beneath the king's banners, and the rebels could not stand against their superior numbers in many places.  The defenses of Buskirk, however, were shored up and no assault had been successful.
The Great Council named the exiled Duke of Clay the Lord General of their armies and he kept the majority of his thirty-nine thousand soldiers in the capital.  Another nineteen thousand soldiers were slowly and secretly massed in the southern city of Cockfeld.  All members of the True Army of Virgo wore red jackets like the city guards of Clay had, and it was a source of pride now to be so differentiated from the king's men.  
The grand ballroom of Banburgh Palace proved to be a tight fit for the two hundred twenty-six members of the Great Council, but they were pleased to be there and safe, especially those who had survived Botwulf.  They would have met in their old meeting place, but the king's men had defaced it and the castle was more easily protected.
"The final tally, councilors!" the serjeant-at-arms announced.  The room quieted and the round man read the slip of paper.  "One hundred eighty-eight in the affirmative," the room erupted with cheers, "thirty-eight in the negative."
Fae Dane, the lead senior councilor stood and raised her arms.  "Thank you all for your hard work!  Tomorrow, we shall convene the first meeting of Virgo's Parlement!"  The members stood and cheered.  After months, their constitution had finally been adopted.  
Graeme Ryder walked toward Dane on the platform as the members filed out of the ballroom.  She turned and smiled at him.  "Lord general.  You have heard the news."
"I have.  Congratulations, all."  He nodded toward the other senior councilors.  "My lady, we have a message you should see."
"Excuse me."  She followed the duke off the platform and into the corridor.  Despite the bustling and loud talk, she whispered, "Has the royal secretary sent word?  We've heard naught in more than a month."
"I am afraid not.  It is a visitor from the south, however."  He could see that her curiosity was piqued and they wound their way through the people to a small office.  By the door stood two redshirted guards, and they stepped aside for their commander.  Once in the room, they saw two other men.  They were clad in heavy green jackets and they wore plaid-patterned skirts that came to their knees.  A longsword was on each of their right sides and a short sword on their left.  They both held rifles over their chests where leather straps holstered pistols.  Seeing the lord general, they parted and revealed an older, slighter man wearing a black jacket and kilt.
"Senior Councilor Fae Dane," Ryder began, "this is the Lord of Iverni, Varn ua Edan."
She bowed toward him and said, "Welcome to Buskirk, Lord Varn."
He laughed.  Then, with a nigh impenetrable accent, he said, "Dunna name me so, eh?  Myself's Varn."  Fae looked at Ryder and then back at the guest as she tried to unravel his words.  "I've a message from the ruling assembly."
The lord general nodded.  "Thank you, Varn.  What is it?"
He removed a scroll and unrolled it.  He read, slowly and clearly, "'The people of the island of Celtae have been affronted by the monarchy of Virgo for centuries.  And now, all the people of Virgo have been affronted by the same.  We, the undersigned assembly of Celtae, hereby offer the use of our island, its ports and its fields, to the armies of the rebellion against Edgar the Mad.'"
The councilor gasped and looked at Ryder, who beamed.  "Varn ua Edan," he began, "if you would, please, wait here for a moment while I consult with my generals."
"Aye."  He rolled the scroll again and stood by the window.
As Graeme guided Dane from the room, she asked, "Should we not offer them a room?  A meal?"
"They wished to keep their presence here as secret as possible.  Given the crown's past dealings with their people, I am not surprised."  They entered a drawing room next where four generals and captains were studying maps.  "We have little time.  A representative from Celtae has come with word that they will allow the True Army of Virgo to use their island in order to mount an assault on Hadrian."
Their eyes widened and their mouths fell open.  Captain Paityn Etel was the first to speak.  "This is the opportunity we've awaited.  We must take it."
An older general shook his head.  "Our plans were bold enough and true.  We must use the forces we have consolidated and sweep across the map, retaking our cities."
"It was not bold."  Etel said, "It was the safe choice.  The expected choice."
Ryder nodded.  "They would not expect our forces to come from the sea.  Celtae is more than three hundred kilometers offshore from Hadrian … were we to sail in the night …"
"It could be done," another general said.  "With engines and the use of airships, yes.  We could arrive by dawn."
"Lord general, I protest," the old man began.  "This would be an act of desperation!"
"Are we not desperate, Duke Earley?  Our cities have been claimed by the king.  The Royalist armies are bolstered by conscripts from across the stars.  The villages and towns which do support us may only do so with men and well wishes, not their purses, and the men are running few.  We are out of funds and out of time.  If King Edgar remains in Hadrian and commands Tenning's forces to ravage the countryside, taking more from the people as they have for a year now and bringing more soldiers from the colonies to fight under his flag," he shook his head, "we will not last.  We would not be able to sweep from city to city.  We would be swept aside."
Etel spoke up.  "Shall we call forth Cockfeld to march on Hadrian's western side as a distraction?"
"Precisely my intent."  He looked toward Fae Dane and said, "If the gods are with us, councilor, this war will be finished in a few weeks."
She clasped her hands in front of herself and said, "Then may the gods be with us."
XXI
EDGAR & DOMOS
1,036 Years After Colonization

He had awakened some time ago, yet the room was still dark.  The windows did not show the rising of the sun.  There were no attendants waiting for him.  Yet the king was not alone.
Stupid fool!  Failure!
The voices had been with him for years and he had managed to ignore them after having embarrassed himself often by turning to look at their source and finding nothing.  Since his flight to Hadrian, they occupied more of his thoughts and more of his time.  He did not hear the beautiful harpsichord music played by his wife.  The music caused the voices to vanish.  Likewise, the voices ceased when Elric visited him, but even his brother was no longer a comfort as he now espoused the same tenor as the unseen chorus in his mind.
Idiot!  You killed her!  Kill yourself!
He clutched the covers to his face and bore his brow against the hem of the blankets.  He hoped the pain across his skin and eyes might quiet his thoughts, but they never did.  His arms flopped to the mattress and he stared up into the darkness of his canopy bed and thought about the battle today.  More than ten thousand rebels marched from Cockfeld to Hadrian.  The earl marshal and his soldiers had departed to meet the force on the road.  He smiled and thought about riding out to see the fight himself.
You will lose!  You will fail!  Again!
He closed his eyes and imagined being on his horse and wearing his military jacket.  Looking through the field glasses to see artillery pounding the lines of the so-called True Army of Virgo and their red shirts.  Sagittarians running with swords and scaring them to death.  Mercenary pikemen from Gemini taking on the cavalry.  Tauran assassins, sneaking about and stabbing the rebels when they least expected it.
A noise.  The king opened his eyes and when he saw the early sun, he realized he must have fallen asleep again.  
He sat up in his bed and listened.  He squinted through the sound of his invisible detractors and heard another distant thump.  Another.  They sounded in quick succession now and the walls of the bedchamber shook.
Edgar cast aside the blankets and ran to the window.  He looked across the field, down the cliffs, and toward the sea below, through the early morning blue haze above the grass and the distant haze of the ocean.  There he saw what seemed to be hundreds of ships.  Sailing ships, motorized ships, airships … a wing of rebel attack vessels flew overhead at that moment and startled the king, causing him to stumble back.
"Your majesty!" the master of bedchamber screamed.  "We are besieged!"
The king turned toward him and saw the man's panic.  Edgar twitched and lunged for him, seizing him by the neck, and throwing him into the window.  His head shattered a pane of glass and as he righted himself, another pane broke.  Bleeding, the master staggered away but the king was now distracted by the sound of the battle that washed upon his shores, coming unencumbered to his ears through the new openings.
Distant pops of rifles, cannon and other artillery, soaring airships.  The thudding of horses.  They came up the slopes of Hadrian toward Turbridge Castle.  Panic seized him and he froze, watching it all array before him.
This is it!  Now you will die!  March out to them!  Do it.  You won't, you failure!  Coward!
"Your majesty."
Edgar looked behind him and saw the black figure of the royal secretary.  The man's head was ever lowered and awaited commands.  A captain in the honor guard appeared beside him, too.
"How?"
Domos looked out the windows and said, "A portion of the sea vessels fly the flag of Celtae, your majesty."
"Celtae," he hissed.  "In league with the rebels?!"
"It would seem so, your majesty."
He formed a fist and raised it up, "I will purge them from the world when this battle is done!"
"What are we to do, your majesty?" the captain asked.
Edgar dropped his fist and looked again at the secretary.  "What do you mean?"
"The castle is undefended, your majesty.  The earl marshal rode out with all the fyrds at his disposal yesterday.  His armies are hours away if they are not already engaged with the rebels from Cockfeld."
The king backed away from the windows and felt fear.  "My honor guard."
The captain looked at Wynton and then toward the king, "We number barely two hundred, your majesty."
"They may prove only a diversion, at best," the secretary added.
"A diversion."  Edgar nodded and straightened.  "Another escape."
"An escape?  Your majesty, where would you go?"
"There are still loyal cities."
"Undefended loyal cities, for the moment," Domos said.  "Wherever you land, you will be vulnerable until your armies can reach you, and that may not be for many days.  Your majesty, I suggest …"
"Go.  Ready my ship."
The secretary sighed and said, "Your majesty …"
"Go!"
Traitor!
"Yes, your majesty."  Wynton bowed and the captain ran into the hall.
Edgar looked at the distant ships and then he caught sight of movement along the road that rose from the cliffs and circled the field.  Redshirts.  Hundreds of them.  
They are here for you!
He stumbled back onto the bed and screamed, "Steward!  Steward of the dresser!"
A young man burst through the servant's door and crunched over the glass in the carpet.  "Your majesty."
"I must be dressed."
He stood and shook as he watched the approach of so many rebels.  Was there truly nowhere on Virgo where he might flee?  No stronghold?  Had his generals lied to him about their successes and the land they held?  But the earl marshal … his massive army did leave yesterday and they would be hours away still.  He would have to escape.  Where?
"What color do you desire, your majesty?"
Where the rebels might not venture.  Where he might find sanctuary.  
"Green.  I will wear green for I need to hide."
The steward said nothing and removed the forest green military jacket and white shirt.  For the next minute, the man dressed the king in black pants and black leather boots, the white undershirt, the jacket, and a belt for his sword.
Once he was fully attired, he looked out the window and saw the thundering of the king's honor guard across the field and into the rifle fire of the rebels.  As his blue-jacketed soldiers fell to the Reds, Edgar nodded.  My diversion.
He walked through the palace quickly and pushed past the rushing of servants and soldiers alike.  He walked out of the western door and faced the gardens where two vessels had landed.  A guard was standing by one and the king walked toward it.  When he reached the hull, he looked back at the palace and asked, "Where is the royal secretary?"
"I have not seen him, your majesty."
Edgar slapped the metal frame and stepped inside.  Once he sat in his seat and fastened the buckle about his waist, he looked toward the cockpit and said, "Go."
"Yes, your majesty."  The guard entered the shuttle and pulled the hatch shut.  After pressing buttons and turning dials, the pilot asked, "What is our destination, your majesty?"
He took a deep breath.  With a sneer, he said, "Leo."

When the royal secretary arrived in the communications room, it was near pandemonium.  
"Earl Marshal Tenning must return!" one soldier yelled into a microphone.  "The castle is under siege!"  The other wireless devices were occupied by soldiers who tried to reach nearby Royalist cities to call for reinforcements.  
I need only one free unit, Domos thought.  Ryder must be told that the king has called for his ship.
He walked behind the others and watched them work.  They continued to scream and plead.  People ran in and out of the room, passing papers and taking messages out.  Finally, one man stood up from his chair and said, aghast, "Leo?"
The others looked toward him.  Have they seized now to attack?  Their fortunes could not be better if they were to do so.
The soldier lowered the speaker from his ear and muttered, "The king is fleeing to Leo."
Domos' mouth hung open.  He ran around the room to the man's side and shook him.  "Why do you say this?"
"That was the pilot of the king's shuttle."  He dropped the speaker.  "He just told me … he said the king gave the order and he was relaying it."
"Recall them!"  
The soldier blinked and finally looked at the secretary, "My lord?"
Wynton barked, "Tell the pilot to return!  Now!"
The soldier nodded and pressed buttons again.  "I am trying, secretary."  
Several soldiers left the room and he heard them yell, "The king has fled to Leo!" in the halls.  
Panic will grip the palace.  The siege will be brief.
"It is no use, secretary."  He stood from his device.  "The pilot does not answer."  The castle shook from an artillery blast and the soldier ran from the room.
Suddenly, Domos was alone.
He sat down and pressed the speaker to his ear.  He depressed the panel on the microphone before him and said, "Pilot!  Pilot!  Do you hear me?!"  He heard only static.  He then turned the dial to twelve-three hundred kilocycles.  "Attention.  Attention.  Does anyone hear me?  This is the secretary.  Does anyone …"
"Go ahead.  The lord general said you may signal."
"Excellent.  The king has fled on a shuttle and he ordered the pilot to take him to Leo …"
"Leo?"
"You must send vessels after him.  Force that shuttle to land.  He cannot be allowed to go to Leo."
"Yes, lord."  
Domos stood and looked across the tables.  No soldiers remained and the noise from the hallway was deafening.  The speakers on the tables, however, were crackling with responses.
"This is the earl marshal's tent.  Say again?"
Wynton had a thought.  He sat down and did his best to sound dejected.  With a clink, his ring met the metal of the microphone and he pressed the button, "This is the royal secretary.  The king has fled to Leo."
"Say again?!"
"The king has fled to Leo."
After a moment of static, the voice returned, "What are we to do?"
Domos smiled and quickly suppressed it to convey the proper mood.  "Surrender to the rebels.  Turbridge Castle is already theirs."
After another long pause, the voice returned, "Yes, my lord."
The secretary stood and looked at the other speakers.  He smiled and then sat at the next one.  He knew that without rebel forces bearing down on them, he wouldn't be able to convince these far-flung cities to surrender outright.  He would have to do something different.
With the best acting skills he could muster, he keyed the microphone on the open channel to Drayton and began to panic.  "Rebels!  Rebels are in the castle!"
"Where is the king?!"
"He fled!"  The secretary gasped, "The king has fled to Leo!"  He then abruptly disconnected.
He did this on the channels to Excester, Nordfolk, Bloustaff, and several more.

The rush to orbit had been swift as was the jump across the star system to the planet.  The king regarded it through the window and said, "Pity that such a beauteous thing has given us no end of sorrow."
There was discussion between the pilot and the Leo via the wireless and it persisted for some time.  Edgar did not bother to listen.  He stayed in his seat and kept his head low. 
You've come here to die?  Fool!
The vessel descended and finally came to a stop.  When he looked out the windows, he saw row after row of Leonan attack ships.  The guard stood and opened the hatch.  Then the king saw dozens of dark blue-shirted Leonan soldiers.  His heart sank and he stood from his seat and, with effort, pulled himself out of the craft.  Once he stood on the landing field, he straightened his green jacket and placed his right hand on the handle of his sword.  His guard looked nervously from the ranks of enemy soldiers to his king.
Edgar was silent.  He looked straight ahead and waited to be greeted as he knew he should be.
Die!  Draw your sword and attack them!  Let them finish you, coward!
A long, white vehicle rolled up on the far end of the field.  A man in black emerged with several guards of a different sort.  While the dark blue soldiers carried rifles, the four that approached held long polearms and wore white and purple jackets with gold trim above their dark blue pants.  A man in black was at their center and he wore a tall hat with a tuft of white feathers on the side.
He came to stop a few meters away and studied the king intently.  He blinked a few times and said with a measure of awe, "King Edgar, I presume?"
"And not Queen Arleth, I presume."  He kept his chin high and his hand on the sword.
"I am Chancellor Alois.  I was bidden to greet you and to verify that you are, indeed, the king of Virgo."
"I am."  He smiled.  "We said so, did we not?"
"You did, but … "  He shook his head, "Forgive me, your majesty.  Shall I escort you to the palace where you may speak with the queen?"
"Please."
Alois gestured toward the vehicle and Edgar walked toward it.  There was a commotion behind him and when he turned, he saw two Leonan soldiers grasping the arms of the king's guard.
"No," Alois said, "he may come with the king."  They released him and the soldier trotted ahead to the king's side.  The group kept walking past the ranks of Leonan soldiers at attention and Edgar looked at them as he passed.  
They got into the rear of the wheeled vehicle and its loud engine started.  Slowly, it rolled away from the landing field and then into a forest.  Green trees surrounded the windows of the vehicle and the king looked outside.  He smiled at the colorful sight and then became unnerved at how there wasn't the faintest glow of blue to be seen.  Trees as far as the eye could see.  Bushes, plants, flowers.  Green, yellow, white.  A bed of brown leaves.  No blue.  His breathing quickened and the voices in his head grew louder as he panicked.  Finally, the vehicle emerged from the forest and the blue sky was above.  He sighed and faced forward.  The Leonan palace guards were staring at him.  Edgar, for his part, only flashed a quick grin and then pretended to not see them at all.
When the vehicle stopped, the guards exited first and Alois stood outside.  The king emerged and looked up.  The low spur from nearby mountains reached from the north and into its stone was carved the magnificent palace of Lomere, the Chastel de Jehan.  His lips parted as he took in its size and grandeur.  He had only ever seen a painting of it, and in his mind, he had always imagined it half-destroyed and ringed with fire.  But here, standing before it, he would have to admit it was beautiful.
"This way, your majesty."
The group moved up the stairs and along lines of soldiers.  Once in the palace, the king felt a sense of familiarity.  Tall walls and wide halls filled with ornate rugs, tapestries, portraits, and statues.  As they walked past, he tried to read the plaques and signage.
This is where you die!
He was snapped back to the moment and focused ahead.  Servants and others were held back in rooms and corridors by Leonan guards.  The way had been cleared for them.  After a few turns, they entered a large chamber.  Tall windows lined its walls which were painted red.  Banners of purple with golden lions hung between each window.  The dark wooden floor was intricately detailed and led the eye toward the platform on the far end.  There, under a large, decorative ceramic crown which hung from the ceiling sat the queen on her throne.
They walked on the purple carpet to the bottom of the steps that led to Arleth.  The king kept his head up and a slight smirk on his lips.  He looked to the side and saw several people he did not know, though some were wearing military uniforms.  On the queen's left, he saw a young man in fancy dress and a woman wearing a thin crown in a glimmering gown.  After a moment, he recognized her as his cousin, Everleigh.  Edgar smiled a little and bowed his head toward her.  Her eyes widened and she glanced toward the queen.
Arleth seemed as in shock as the chancellor had been.  "King Edgar of Virgo," she said slowly.
He nodded.  "Queen Arleth of Leo."
The advisors on her right spoke among themselves quickly and looked at her.  She looked at them for a moment and then returned her gaze toward the king.  After a quick shake of her head, she said, "There are so very many things I would like to say to you, but first I must ask a question."
"Please."
"Why are you here?"
Because you're a coward!
"I do not know the nature of your spycraft, but I presume that you know something of the difficulties we have been experiencing on Virgo."
Arleth nodded.  "It was my understanding that you were winning."
"That is what my generals told me," he said.
Liars!
"But," Edgar continued, "I found myself encircled and I had little choice but to flee."
Coward!
"And yet," the queen said, "you came here.  To Leo."
"Yes."
"And not one of the Virgan settlements on other worlds?  Not Pisces, Taurus, Capricorn?"
The voices in his head laughed and his mouth went dry.  Stupid!  You stupid bastard!  You didn't think of that, did you?!
"I had received reports of seditious behavior among the people on our colony worlds.  I was not certain they could be trusted."
Liar!
Arleth nodded and asked, "Yet why here?"
Edgar looked toward Everleigh again and smiled.  "Because I know that my dear cousin had successfully requested sanctuary some years ago.  I had hoped to rely upon that charity."
Arleth said, "Princess Everleigh came to us because she feared for her life."  When Edgar squinted in confusion, she added, "There was an assassination attempt …"
"Oh, yes.  Of course."
"Ordered by you."
"What?"  He looked around the room and then at the princess.  "I did no such thing."
"She is the crown princess …"
Edgar shook his head, "She is not.  She has never been named thus."
"She is in line for the throne."  The king did not object.  "An attempt was made on her life."
"So I have heard."
The queen recognized the futility of that line of discussion and shifted in her seat.  "Why do you believe that we would grant you the same refuge we granted Princess Everleigh?"
"She claimed refuge under the decree of Celchyth and Ryeleah, yes?"  Arleth nodded.  "I, therefore, claim the same."
The queen looked toward the chancellor and he whispered something to her.  When she faced the king again, she said, "I chose to honor that old decree when my daughter came to us," she gestured toward the princess, "but I am not so inclined now that you have come to us."
Edgar formed his hands into fists and took a step toward the throne's stairs.  The palace guard aimed their polearms at him but the king didn't notice.  He screamed, "Why?!"
Now Arleth became angry.  She leaned forward and said, "Have you no concept of the suffering you have caused Leo since you have been on the throne?  How many times have Virgan ships waged war against our vessels and watchtowers in orbit?  How many of our cities and towns have been rebuilt because of Virgan bombs?  How many Leo have lost their lives because of the war you continue to wage on us?"  The king opened his mouth to speak, but the queen interrupted, "Many!"
"Leo has waged war on Virgo, as well!  You destroyed our cities and ships.  You destroyed Castle Aurelius!  Which stood for more than four hundred years!"
"Good."
Angered, Edgar lunged toward the stairs.  The palace guard pushed him away and the lone Virgan guard took the king's arm and steadied him.  He jerked his arm away and yelled, "So what shall Queen Arleth of Leo do?  Force me back onto my ship and send me away?"
"No.  I am placing you under arrest."  Four guards stepped toward the king.  Edgar screamed and yelled while the Virgan soldier drew his sword.  "Stay your hand, guard."  The young man was nervous.  His eyes moved around the throne room and landed on the queen again.  "You cannot survive this fight.  Yet, you have heard all that was said."
He stuttered, "Yes, your majesty."
"Good.  We shall escort you back to your vessel.  Then, you will return to Virgo where you will report all that has transpired."
The king pushed against the grip of the Leonan guards.  He looked at the Virgan soldier and saw the man's frightened stare as he sheathed his sword.  "Coward!  You have damned your king!"
"Take him back to the ship," the queen ordered.  Two guards gestured and the Virgan walked out of the chamber.  Arleth then looked again at the struggling Edgar.  "You are under arrest for the attempted murder of my daughter, Princess Everleigh."
"No!"
She smiled, "And you are under arrest for many years of crimes against the people of Leo."
"No!  He struggled again but couldn't move.  One guard removed the king's saber and passed it to another who walked up the stairs to the queen.  "That is mine!  I did not surrender it!  You may not have it!"
Arleth held it by the grip and felt the weight of the blade.  She smiled and said, without looking at the king, "Take him away."
"No!" he cried out as he was dragged.
Now you will rot and suffer!  Just like you deserve!

For one hour, Domos sat in a small chamber guarded by a single redshirted rebel.  He had spoken to the serjeant of the company who found him and said he was on their side.  It wasn't surprising that the enlisted man didn't believe him.
Captain Paityn Etel opened the door and saw him.  "Secretary."
He stood and smiled.  "It is good to see you again."
"Likewise.  Come with me."  The guard seemed confused and the captain ordered, "Return to your unit."
"Yes, lord."
They walked through the grand hall of Turbridge Castle.  Many of the portraits had been knocked off the walls or were just missing.  "Some healthy pillaging, I see."
"The lord general put a stop to it as quickly as he could."  They walked up a series of stairs and then entered a large sitting room.  Inside, he saw the Duke of Clay and several other generals and lords.
"Greetings, all," Domos said as he bowed.
"It is good to see you again," Ryder said.  He crossed the room and heartily shook his hand.  "When we had not heard from you, we feared the worst."
"Understandable."  The secretary walked toward the small serving cart and poured himself a drink.  "The king, in his madness, grew more paranoid still and tightened restrictions on the use of messengers and the wireless systems."  He sipped the brandy and closed his eyes.  He hadn't had anything to drink in some time.
"So you say."
Wynton looked toward an unknown man who sat in a large chair.  Gray streaks moved through his hair and he wore a highly decorated uniform shirt.  "This is Lord Tancred Moresham, Earl of Corry," Graeme said.  "He is not certain we should trust you yet."
"Hm."  He drank more of the brandy.  "Such has been my lot for years now, it seems."  He faced Moresham and said, "If the word of the lord general is not enough, then ask Fae Dane or another senior councilor."  He seemed unconvinced but Wynton looked at Ryder again.  "I sent a signal to your people, warning them of Edgar's flight.  I take it you were unsuccessful."
"We sent ships to orbit and found nothing."  The secretary nodded and looked away in thought.  "What if he did go to Leo?"
"I do not know.  At the start of the attack, I was beginning to attempt the argument for surrender, but he felt the need to flee again.  I certainly did not foresee Leo as his destination.  Or that he would depart without me."
"The Royalists have most of the cities," another lord said.  "They were winning, after all.  He could have fled anywhere."
"Paranoia, I suppose," Domos said.  "Still, I notified several cities that the king fled to Leo."
"Did you?" Ryder said.
"Yes.  I added as much fear to my voice as I might.  I dare say you may find the remaining Royalists far more amenable to surrender now."  He was about to sip again when he remembered, "The earl marshal.  Did he …"
"He surrendered to our forces a short while ago."  The lord general poured a brandy for himself.  "He mentioned you by name."
"Did he?"
"He said it was on your recommendation."
"Any other commander would have said 'damn you' and fought on."
"A younger one, perhaps, but I believe Tenning was feeling his age and the weight of the tasks Edgar set him to."  Ryder drank the brandy and nodded.  
The secretary placed his empty glass back on the cart and asked, "Now that Hadrian is secured, the king has flown, and Royalists stand ready to bow to your will, what is next?"
"We return to Buskirk and meet with the Parlement."  He downed the rest and placed his empty glass next to Domos'.  "My armies will collect the noblemen of the Royalist cities and we will have a great deal of work ahead of us."
"Perhaps for you, but not for me."  Wynton pointed toward the ceiling, "My employer has departed this world."
"He has.  Leader Dane, however, has seen fit to create a new yet familiar office."
"Indeed?"
"Yes.  She and the other councilors believe you should be the first high secretary of Virgo."  Wynton smiled.  "You will convey the wishes of the Parlement to the king as well as the reverse."
"I would be honored.  Though now there is a new task for us all."  Ryder nodded because he knew what it was.  "Whence do we find a new king?"
XXII
EVERLEIGH
1,036 Years After Colonization

"No!" Gervase screamed.  "I do not want to go!"
"You will go if I command it!" Arleth said.  The queen looked at the princess and softened her expression with a sigh.  "My dear.  I am sure you have reservations."
"I do, your majesty."  Everleigh looked around the smaller throne room and at the waiting faces of the chancellor, the colonel, the constable, and others.  "I never thought that I would have to take the throne.  I have not desired it."
"Fool," the prince said.
"Quiet!"  The queen faced her again, "Go on."
"I am … unsure of myself."
Arleth nodded.  "I understand.  I was the same when my father died and I took the throne.  I did not want it, but I knew it was best for Leo."  Everleigh nodded.  "Do you see how your taking Virgo's throne would be best for your people?"
"I do."
"For a year now, a civil war has gripped their land.  We do not know, but perhaps it is still being fought.  If their crown princess returns, she may be able to unify them."
She felt dizzy.  She closed her eyes and tried to calm herself but suddenly felt herself falling.  The constable caught her and helped her up.  "Your highness, forgive me."
"I am sorry."  Now she was embarrassed and looked away.
The queen faced a servant and ordered, "Fetch the princess some water."  Then she looked at Everleigh again.  "My dear, we can help you in whatever you need.  We will gladly aid you."
She nodded quickly.  "I will need it."
The queen said, "If it comforts you, know that this would end the war that has pained both your homes for so long."
"I know it will."
Arleth put a hand on her arm and Everleigh looked up.  The queen smiled and said, "I fear that only you can accomplish this.  You and our beloved Williame."
The princess smiled.  The little boy had been a rare bright spot for her in recent months, particularly when she never seemed to see her husband and when she did, he barely paid her any mind.  "I understand."
The queen straightened and looked at the chancellor.  "Prepare a message for Virgo.  We shall schedule a meeting with their representatives and ours at a neutral place of their choosing.  And we will make our offer."
Alois bowed.  "Yes, your majesty."
The queen then grew stern and turned to face her son.  "You will go to Virgo and become the king consort."
Gervase rolled his eyes and didn't look at her directly.  "I will not."
"You will!  You will go and you will represent Leo well or I shall remove you from the line of succession!"
The prince raised his eyebrows and stammered, "You, you cannot do that."  He looked toward the chancellor.
Alois shrugged and said, "There are ways, your majesty."
"Good."  Arleth sat back and folded her arms over her chest.  "Pack your things.  I believe our old enemy shall be very pleased to welcome you both."
XXIII
RYDER
1,036 Years After Colonization

When the hatch opened, the cold air smacked them as strongly as a hand.  Graeme closed his eyes and took a deep breath.  His chest ached from the quick pain and the smell tickled the back of his throat.
Wynton Domos stepped out of the craft first and coughed.  A great cloud of vapor left his mouth and he asked, "Why here?  Why the coldest, wettest, smelliest bog on Hibernia?"
The lord general left the ship and his boot squished in the thick moss.  Moisture pooled around his print and began to freeze before he moved again.  "I chose this place to show the Leo that our moon was not hospitable in the least.  That there was no land to be desired here."
The high secretary grunted.  "You may claim success with me."  Suction gripped one of his boots and he stumbled away from the ship and across the wet field toward the table and chairs that had been set up earlier.
From one hundred meters away, they saw the hatch open on the Leonan shuttle.  There was an older man in black, much like Domos, and there was a tall, dark blue uniformed woman by his side.  
The Virgans arrived at the table first and stood behind their chairs.  Ryder looked down and was grateful that the soldiers who set this up had placed all the furniture on top of a large wooden plank to prevent their sinking.  
The Leonans stopped about five meters away from the table and bowed.  The old man in black with a silver necklace spoke first.  "Greetings.  I am Chancellor Alois, aide and administrator to Queen Arleth of Leo."  He gestured to his left.  "This is Grand Constable Tayler, commander-in-chief of the Army of Leo."
Both Virgans gave a pleasant smile and Wynton spoke.  "I am High Secretary Domos, aide and administrator to the Parlement of Virgo.  This is Lord General Ryder, commander of the Army of Virgo."
Alois looked at the table.  "Shall we sit?"  All four did so and the chancellor rested his elbows on the table while interlacing his fingers so that he created a triangle with them.  "Before I present the offer of Queen Arleth, she bade me ask some questions regarding current events on the world above us."  Ryder glanced into the clouds and saw the large but faint disk of Virgo in the sky.  
"Understandable," Domos said.  "The civil war is over.  The once-weak Great Council has reformed as the Parlement.  A constitution has been approved and it serves as the law of Virgo."
"I see.  And what role does the monarchy have now, if any?"
"There is still a role, yes.  Very much so.  The Parlement will exist in balance with the monarchy.  Before, when a king was, let us suppose, mad, there were no clear means for the Council to take action.  Now there are.  The king may make decrees, of course.  The Parlement shall pass laws to uphold them when just.  Condemn them if not.  The crown, as always, shall guide Virgo's course."
The chancellor nodded and looked at Graeme.  "And you, lord general.  You still wear the red of your rebels, do you not?"
"This is now the uniform of the Army of Virgo, chancellor."
"I see.  And this army … are you separate from the monarchy and the Parlement?"  
"We are a standing army and serve at the request of the king with the consent of the Parlement."
"So you are not an independent force?"  Ryder appeared confused and glanced at Domos before Alois continued, "Your army was the primary power on your world once the Royalists collapsed.  You could have seized control of the government and done whatever you will."
Graeme smirked and said, "I feel this will speak for my character, chancellor, when I say that the thought had not occurred to me.  I was only interested in safeguarding our people and establishing an honorable government."
Alois and Tayler looked at each other and nodded.  The old man opened his robe and removed a series of scrolls from them.  All had tiny writing along their lengths and they all had been sealed with a deep purple wax and impressed with the royal seal of Leo.  He chose one and put the others back inside.  He presented it to the Virgans.  "You see that the seal is true and intact."
Domos nodded and took the scroll.  As he broke the seal, he asked, "And this is the offer from her majesty?"
"It is.  The answers you provided informed me as to which I must present."
Wynton paused.  "May we be told about the others?"
Alois smiled and said, "I should not.  However, I will say that I would find this one most appealing from your perspective."
The high secretary then unrolled the pair of heavy scrolls.  He saw the two pages were identical, though one written in Leonese, and he passed that one back to the Leonans.  Reading aloud, he said, "'Her majesty, Queen Arleth of Leo, is prepared, conditionally, to offer the following: the return of Edgar, bound," Ryder noted the lack of "King" in that line, "'the return of Crown Princess Everleigh, and the joy of little Prince Williame, son of Everleigh.'"
The lord general and high secretary shared a look.  It was all they had wanted.  Now he awaited the conditions.
"'In return, we require the naming of Everleigh as queen of Virgo, the acceptance of her husband, Gervase, as king consort, the naming of Williame as crown prince of Virgo, and the cessation of all attacks on both Leo and all Leonan territories and properties.'  It has already been signed by both Queen Arleth and Princess Everleigh."
The Virgans were silent and considered what they had heard.  Finally, Alois said, "We would be happy to leave you be for a moment to discuss the offer."
"That would be most kind, chancellor."  The Virgans stood when the Leonans did.  They sat once Alois and Tayler walked away.
"What do you think?" Ryder asked.
"I am concerned."
"Naturally.  They are giving us all that we want, save for the bindings on our future military endeavors."
"Indeed."  Domos looked away and then at the general.  He tapped his ring on the table twice and said, "Everleigh has been there for two years now.  Could she have been turned?"
"She is Virgan," Graeme said, "but I would not doubt that she may have adopted Leonan tendencies.  Is that what the queen wants?  A friend on her enemy's throne?"
"And her grandson in line for the crown behind her."  The secretary shook his head.  "I do not like the Leo having such a hand in our government."
"Nor I, yet," Ryder's voice trailed and he shook his head.  "We have little option.  We need a monarch and the only one the Parlement and the people would accept is Everleigh."
Domos said, "I shall ask for an amendment.  Aid me on it if I must make the argument."  Graeme nodded.
Wynton stood and the Leonans returned to the table.  As they sat, Alois said, "A decision so quickly?"
The secretary feigned another smile, "These are matters that have occupied our minds for many months, chancellor.  We needed only to see the offer laid before us."
"I see."  He bowed his head slightly.  "And what have you decided?"
"I have a question first, chancellor," Domos said.
"Of course."
"May we make an amendment?"
Alois looked at the constable.  Tayler said, "It would depend on the amendment, secretary."
"I understand," Domos adjusted his chair and leaned forward.  "But this would be an internal matter and I fear of little concern to Leo or the queen.  As our Parlement is new, so is our constitution.  Upon her arrival on Virgo to take the throne, I would ask that her highness, Princess Everleigh, sign the constitution, as well."
Alois narrowed his eyes and nodded, "An endorsement of the Parlement's power."
"As you say, chancellor."
Ryder studied the Leonans.  He had no objection to the secretary's request and he couldn't fathom why they might.  
"Would you have a copy of this constitution, secretary, that we might read it?" Alois asked.
Domos stood.  "I have one aboard the ship.  I will return."
Once he left, the constable and the general locked eyes.  Her slender face and close hair were striking.  She smiled, not as someone pleased, but as a predator who sees prey in their trap.  An unease crept over Graeme.
"You were the earl marshal, yes?" she asked.
"I was."
"You attacked Leo on many occasions."
"I did."
"You failed."
Ryder chuckled.  "Not all of the attacks were meant as invasions."
She folded her arms over her chest.  "I met you in battle.  I was a general and commanded the defense of Redon five years ago when you came from the north."
The lord general faked a smile.  This was not a pleasant memory.  "I see.  Your defense was well planned."
"As was your attack.  If you had but a few more units of horses or men, you might have taken the city."
Had the king not so depleted our forces in folly before that assault, I would not have been lacking.  "Perhaps, constable."
She laughed and relaxed.  "When I heard it was you who commanded the rebels, I did not doubt that you would be victorious."
"I thank you, constable."  
Domos approached from behind and passed the single but densely filled page of parchment over the table.  "There you are.  Shall we now leave you alone to read it, chancellor?"
"Thank you."
Ryder stood and the two men ambled back toward their ship.  "What do you think, general?"
Graeme looked back at them and saw both hunched over the page.  Alois had placed reading glasses on his nose.  "I fear there is more here that we do not understand."
Domos sighed.  "Or perhaps our unease is from what lies bare before us.  The Leonans, giving us our queen and our next king.  Whatever the Parlement may do, our monarchy shall be aligned with the Lions for generations."
"You are correct.  There need be nothing under the surface when the surface bodes ill on its own."  Ryder stopped walking and looked across the bog.  He watched clouds of breath stream from his nose and hang there for several long seconds before they disappeared.  "Why do I fear the tying of my hands to wage war?"  He shook his head.  "I have ever wanted peace and yet my sensibilities rebel at the thought."
The secretary smiled, "'Rebel,' indeed."  He stood next to the general and looked across the fields of peat, water, and muck.  He turned his ring nervously on his finger.  "I cannot speak for you, yet I may speak for myself.  I fear an army unused as I might fear a blade that is the same.  Its edge would become dull and its length caked with dust or tarnish.  If there is a thing beneath the surface that we do not see, I would want our people at the ready.  And if the later rulers of Leo would put aside our agreement and the Virgan crown still be cowed by love for Arleth, be the crown upon Everleigh or Williame or some other's head, we could not stand at the ready to turn aside such a blow."
"The next ruler of Leo would be Gervase, and Williame after him on the thrones of both Leo and Virgo," the general said.  "Both united in a matter of years.  Would that grant us peace?"
"It may."  Domos nodded.  "I cannot fathom how such a peace might appear."
"It would not only be a peace on our two worlds, but all the colonies of the Empires.  Or just 'Empire.'"  Ryder sighed.  "It sounds good to my ears and yet I feel that I cannot trust it."
"Go with your feelings, lord general, for I share them."
The secretary walked away from his side and Graeme looked at the wisps of fog as they drifted over distant pools.  He damned himself for wanting to fight.  Then his shoulders sagged.  He felt so tired.
"They are ready."
The Virgans returned to the table and sat down.  "May we keep this?" the chancellor asked.
"Of course."
While Tayler rolled it into a scroll, Alois said, "Your Parlement is very similar to our Assembly, though you have some powers ours does not.  Your amendment is acceptable.  I shall notify the queen, and, with your permission, I shall make the addition."
"Please," Domos gestured toward him, "carry on."
Tayler brought a pen to the tabletop and the old man took it.  There was a space in the conditions area and he wrote, narrating as he did, "'The Parlement … requires the signature … of Princess Everleigh … on the constitution of Virgo … before she takes the crown.'"  He sat up and then looked at Constable Tayler, who had transcribed the amendment on their copy, too.  "Acceptable?"
"Quite," Domos smiled.  "Thank you, chancellor."
"Excellent."  He looked at the agreement again and said, "As the two rulers have already signed, I believe we require only the negotiators.  Myself and the high secretary."  Alois scribbled his name on both copies of the agreement and then passed the pen and pages over the table.  Once Wynton signed both, the chancellor stood and took one of the scrolls.  "I am pleased to have met you, high secretary."  They shook hands.  "Lord general."
"Likewise, chancellor."  
Tayler and Domos shook hands next, and then she shook Ryder's hand.  She said, "It is a shame."
"What is?"
"That we shall not have a chance to meet again in battle."
"I hope not, constable." 
She bowed and the Leonans returned to their shuttle.  As the Virgans did the same, Wynton sighed and shook his head.  Graeme saw this and asked, "What is the matter, secretary?"
"I feel as though I am the man who sold the world."

Four days later, in the vast field outside Banburgh Castle, a large Leonan transport hovered and began to land.  Its side was covered in a deep purple with the royal seal of the queen's family and the lion seal of Leo.  Wind blown by the thrusters of the craft pressed the front of Ryder's pants against his legs.  He squinted in the dust that whipped and glanced across the ranks of his soldiers.  More than a thousand men and women from the landfyrds of Virgo were dressed in their finest and arrayed before him.  Behind the soldiers, several horsefyrds were posed, too.  All around the field beyond the military presence, tens of thousands of Virgans awaited a look at their next queen.
The ship settled on its legs and the hatch opened.  Immediately, two large men in dark blue uniforms emerged wearing ceremonial helmets and carrying gleaming polearms.  They stood on either side of the door and Chancellor Alois left next.  Once he was on the ground, the princess stepped into view.
Everleigh was as tall and striking as the lord general remembered.  He had expected to see her wearing the muted palette of colors that was currently in fashion on Virgo, and a gown befitting a crown princess.  Instead, she wore a formfitting dress that was bright green with cool blue highlights.  Her hair was pulled back and up and a thin silver circlet was binding it.  He blinked a few times, surprised at how Leonan she appeared.
She moved down the steps gracefully and reached back toward her handmaiden who carried a small child down the steps.  The boy was only a year old and his head turned in every direction to take in the new sights.  As the princess left the side of the craft, a man in a tight purple suit emerged from the hatch and scanned the assembled crowd.  He shook his head and descended the stairs before coming to a stop behind the princess.
Domos stepped out of the line and walked toward Everleigh.  He bowed and said, "Welcome back to Virgo, your highness."
She smiled and said, "It is good to see you again, royal secretary."
"And you, your highness, though my title is now high secretary."
She shook her head, embarrassed.  "Forgive me."
"Of course, your highness."  He looked behind himself and an aide approached with a large sheet of parchment.  "We await only your signature."
Everleigh looked at the page as Wynton handed her a pen.  The aide turned and bent over while the secretary placed the document on his back.  She seemed to measure each move she made and she slowly signed the constitution.
"Thank you, your highness."  The aide ran away with the document and Domos gestured toward the gauntlet of soldiers and the thousands of her citizens beyond.  "Your people await you."
The princess' smile faded and she took a deep breath.  She walked across the field, nodding at soldiers as she passed.  There were many activities before her coronation in a few days.
Once the lagging Prince Gervase departed the side of the shuttle, Ryder moved toward Alois and said, "Chancellor."
"Lord general."
"He is aboard?"
"He is.  Bound, hooded, and with a cloth over his mouth."
"Thank you, chancellor."
Ryder turned toward a small squad of soldiers who were not in their dress uniforms.  He waved them forward and then onto the Leonan ship.  A moment later, they emerged with a cloaked body that wriggled and squirmed until the troops got it into a truck.  The vehicle drove away from the field and toward the Parlement building in Buskirk.
XXIV
EDGAR
1,036 Years After Colonization

The cell was dark.  It was damp.  How long had he been here?
Forever!  This is where you rot!
When the door opened, Edgar looked toward the shaft of light and thought about feigning sleep.  Instead, he stared and waited to see who it might be.
"He is awake."
With a click, the bars parted and two people lifted him from the straw floor.  Edgar looked from face to face, hoping to see someone he recognized. He did not.  He only noticed their red jackets.
"We're going to clean you now."  
The guards dragged him to another room, one with the streaming light of dawn from a small window.  Edgar stared at it and imagined that he was in his chambers in Banburgh Castle overlooking the grounds.  His old clothes were pulled roughly from him and cold water was thrown against his nakedness.  He gasped but didn't cry out.  He kept his eyes on the window.  Men with rough sponges scrubbed the dirt from him and another round of buckets washed the soap and scum away.
"Towel."  The guard tossed a large, white towel to him and Edgar caught it.  He looked down at the fabric and then up at the man.  He raised his eyebrows and said, "To dry yourself."  Edgar squinted and then held the towel against his body as he tried to remember what his servants did when he left the bath.  He moved the cloth from place to place randomly across his chest and the guard sighed, "Great Jupiter.  You never had to towel yourself off, eh?"  Edgar looked up plaintively and the guard shook his head.  "Help 'im out."  The other two men took the cloth from his hands and then stretched it against the former king's body.  Again, Edgar imagined himself at Banburgh and staring out the window south toward the city.  When they were finished, they took him to another room and pushed him into a chair.
Edgar looked around and then saw a man before him sharpening a blade.  Frightened, he lurched forward and tried to run, but the guards held him still.  
"Make it quick, barber."
With Edgar's forehead in a lock by one of the guards and another binding his arms behind the chair, he was immobilized.  The older man wiped foam onto Edgar's face and made a few quick swipes with the razor.  As still as he was, Edgar's wide eyes followed the glistening edge wherever it went.
Do it!  Take it!  Kill them!  Kill yourself!
The barber finished and backed away.  The main guard took a small cloth and wiped Edgar's face.  He nodded and said, "The hair?"
The barber handed him a small leather tie and the guard began to comb and pull Edgar's hair back.  When the former king realized how he might look, he began to struggle again.  He would seem so plain without the curls at his sides.  He wanted his hair to drape over the back of his neck.  The guards didn't care.
A young man brought in a box and tossed it onto the floor.  When the guard opened it, Edgar saw clothing inside.  He smiled and looked toward the window.  "I believe I desire blue today."
The guards looked at each other and then laughed.  "You hear that?  The king desires blue today!"
"Well," one man said as he leaned over and removed a plain gray jacket from the box, "this will have to do."  For the next few minutes, Edgar stood still and did not aid the men as they roughly pulled white underclothes onto him, as well as gray pants, black boots, and the jacket.  When it was over, they opened the door and led him through the corridor, unbound.  
After minutes in the dark basement of wherever they were, they climbed stairs and heard a great bustling of people around corners down other halls.  Edgar looked toward them, but the guards pushed him toward a closed door.  For several minutes, the noise began to diminish and then seemed to be behind the door.  The Redshirts kept Edgar in place, two of them with a hand on each arm.  Finally, someone tapped on the door from the other side and the main guard opened it.
Edgar found himself thrust into the center of what had been the Great Council's main chamber.  He was met with a wall of boos, hisses, and jeers from the hundreds of attendees.  His mouth hung open as he realized the response was meant for him.
Traitors all!
The guards led him toward one of the speaker's docks at the fore of the chamber.  They pushed him onto the small platform and sat him in the chair, facing the length of the room.  Then, they closed a bar behind him, trapping him in the dock.  Edgar looked across all the faces he could see.  He saw many he recognized, but he knew many were absent.  He looked behind himself at the dais where the senior councilors used to sit.  There, he saw the councilors, but also Wynton Domos and Everleigh.  She was wearing a full blue and white gown with jeweled necklaces.  Her hair was piled atop her head and great golden crown sat upon it.  Edgar's blood boiled.  
Usurper!  Traitor!
Domos left the dais and walked beside the dock.  He was holding a thick stack of papers and he shifted a few pages.  Edgar faced him and smiled.  "It is good to see you, secretary."
Wynton looked at him and nodded once.  He did not smile in return.
Behind them, Fae Dane stood and moved to the lectern.  "I convene this Parlement on the twentieth day of November, in the Year of Our Exile one thousand thirty-six.  In accordance with the Trial Act, passed by this body, we shall now hear the case against Edgar Myrce, former king of Virgo," the hisses returned and Edgar squirmed in the chair.  "Presiding over these proceedings shall be Queen Everleigh of Virgo, long may she reign," as the audience repeated the phrase, Edgar looked over his shoulder and hissed toward her.  "High Secretary Wynton Domos shall act as the attorney for the people and Parlement of Virgo."  Edgar looked toward his former aide and felt saddened.  "Clerk of the Parlement, the charge is to be read."
A man walked toward another speaker's dock and stepped onto the platform.  He raised his voice, "'The charge of the Parlement of Virgo, as exhibited to the High Court of the same, against Edgar Myrce, of late, the King of Virgo, contains the crimes of treason, murder, pillaging, and tyranny.  Should the Parlement find the accused guilty of these crimes, the penalty shall be death.'"  Edgar blinked and looked around the chamber.  None of the hundreds in attendance seemed to be shocked.  In fact, many of them were smiling.
Dane spoke next, "How does the accused plead?"  Edgar looked around the room and didn't seem to hear the woman speaking behind him.  "Sir?  Edgar Myrce?"  Finally, there was some recognition and he looked over his shoulder.  "How do you plead?"
Domos had now entered the speaker's dock several meters away.  Edgar leaned over the wooden railing and said in a loud whisper, "Secretary."
Wynton looked toward Edgar.  "Yes?"
"What is happening?"
A murmuring erupted from the crowd, but Domos answered him plainly.  "This is your trial."
Edgar couldn't help but feel that something was missing.  "Is this the Great Council?"
"No.  This is the Parlement, which was formed from it."
The chattering continued and the former king looked at the many angry faces.  "I see so few noblemen in their number."
"That is because many of the nobles supported you in the recent conflict and surrendered upon your flight to Leo."  Edgar looked around as he tried to remember.  "Did you hear the question of Leader Dane?"
He looked over his shoulder and the woman asked again, "How do you plead?"  Edgar again seemed confused and he simply shook his head.  "We shall consider that 'not guilty.'  Proceed."
The secretary faced the audience and said, "We have all borne witness to the crimes of Edgar Myrce."  The accused slumped in his seat and again noticed the absence of something.  "For the accomplishment of his designs and for the protecting of himself and his rule, he did traitorously and maliciously levy war against the innocents of Harolton-upon-Troy, slaughtering a full quarter of the population, then did the same upon the Great Council, a body convened to uphold the will of the people, and then the same again upon the people of Virgo at large, pillaging them to fatten his own purse and further his goals, killing thousands of Virgans who sought only to protect their homes."  Domos looked at Edgar who seemed to be in a daze, staring toward the floor with a furrowed brow.  "He did these things to advance and uphold a personal interest of will, of power, and of a pretended prerogative …"
"'Pretended?'" Edgar interrupted.
The secretary looked toward him.  "Indeed."
He shook his head.  "I did not 'pretend' to be king.  It was the divine judgment of the gods that I am king."  Edgar looked around the chamber again.  "I do not see the hand of Jupiter at your backs as I do when I place the crown upon my head."
"Sir," Dane said from the lectern, "if you wish to speak, we must confer the oath upon you."
"I am the king.  What I say is the truth as conveyed from the gods and through me."
"With your permission, leader, I will question the accused."  Wynton saw a dejected nod from Fae.  He then took in a deep breath and continued, "Do you say that there is no authority in the world which may judge you, barring a divine authority?"
Edgar smiled and nodded.  "Precisely."  
"When you were king," Domos continued, "would you hold yourself beholden to the laws that you and your predecessors had decreed, or those passed by the Council at your behest, even if they had grown distasteful to you?"
He thought.  After a moment, he raised his head and said, "No."  
The gallery jeered and the secretary answered, "Then you have declared yourself a tyrant, sir, and thus pleaded guilty to one of the charges."  Applause broke out but the jeering was louder.  
Edgar shook his head.  "No!  No!  I am the king!"
"Sir, please," the secretary said. 
Again, Edgar sensed that something was absent.
"Do you recall the oath you swore on the day of your coronation?"
Edgar, still angered, nodded.  "I do."
Domos raised a page toward his face.  "Does it not read, in part, that 'you grant and keep and by your oath confirm to the people of Virgo the laws and customs given to them by the previous gods-loving kings and queens, your ancestors, and especially the laws customs, and liberties granted to the people by your predecessors?'"  When the accused hesitated, the secretary followed, "Did you not say, 'I grant and promise them,' when these words were spoken by the priest?"
Edgar nodded.  "I did."
"And did you also swear that you, 'will cause justice to be rendered rightly, impartially, and wisely, in compassion and in truth?'"
He nodded.  "I did."
Wynton nodded and placed the papers onto the ledge of his dock.  "Through your actions, sir, you have torn asunder your own oath and you have no right claim it now."  Some in the gallery cheered.  "The Great Council existed by the decrees and laws of your many predecessors and it was convened by you.  You sought to dissolve it, by force, as they conducted their lawful duties and then you slew a third of their number when they reconvened despite your swords.  Is this true?"
Edgar twitched and threw an arm over the side of the dock.  He shook his head and said, "Yes."
"Then you did not rule justly nor did you seek to uphold the laws of Virgo.  By your admission, you violated your oath of coronation and therefore committed treason."  Many in the chamber applauded again.
Edgar's eyes opened wide and he lifted his head.  When the room went silent, he smiled and said, "'Your majesty!'"
The secretary raised his eyebrows.  "What?"
"That is what has been missing."  He closed his eyes and slumped against the back of his chair, relaxed.  "No one has said 'your majesty' to me!"
"You are no longer king, sir."
Slowly, his eyes opened and he looked around the room.  "Wynton, what are you doing?"
"My duty."  Domos looked at his pages again and swallowed hard.  "Sir, in the aftermath of your attempted dissolution of this body, did you not order the commanders of your armies to raid and take from the people what you could not lawfully tax?"
Edgar sighed and began to fiddle with the ruffles that poked out from under his left sleeve.
"Did you not do the same thrice more after you took up residence in Hadrian?"  The secretary spoke to the crowd, "Your war-torn citizenry, subjected to battles and then to thieves wearing the blue shirts of the crown?"
"I did," he said weakly.
"Then you have also pleaded guilty to pillaging, sir."
While the audience applauded and cheered again, Edgar stood, "You have no authority!"
Domos spoke firmly, "This Parlement, sir, has the authority granted it by the decrees of your predecessors and reaffirmed by yourself.  This body evolved when you made war upon it and then fled, in fear, to Leo," the secretary made sure to lace that last word with disgust.  The gallery booed and hissed again before he continued, "The Parlement is as you made us, sir.  So empowered by the same people of Virgo whom you often terrorized and confirmed by Queen Everleigh herself."
Edgar grunted, "She is not queen."
There were some gasps but Domos decided to press on.  "One year ago, did you not order an attack upon the small mining community of Harolton-upon-Troy?"
"I did."
"Why?"
He narrowed his eyes and looked toward the secretary.  Matter-of-factly, he said, "Because they were conspiring against me."
"In what manner?"
"There were acts of sedition.  Vandalisms.  They were stockpiling weapons to revolt against the crown!"
Domos raised a sheet of paper.  "I have before me the sworn testimonies of some twenty lords and officers who participated in the attack on Harolton.  They found there no vandalism of a treasonous nature.  No seditious writings.  No weapons beyond the simple tools the workers used and the firearms and blades kept by the small, royal police force.  And still!" the secretary looked across the chamber, "two hundred eleven men, women, and children were slaughtered, unarmed, by the forces under your command."
"Those lords and officers should be tried, then!" Edgar laughed.
"They will be, sir, but today is yours.  These were your orders, were they not?"
He smiled and said, "Of course they were!"  His apparent glee shocked many of the people in the audience.
The secretary lowered his head and asked in a soft volume, but still loud enough to be heard, "Why?"
Edgar's smile faded somewhat and he leaned against the railing of the dock.  He scoffed and said, "You know, secretary."
"I do?"
"Yes."  He looked toward the audience and then back at Wynton.  "The information about the forthcoming revolt on Troy came from Grandmaster Elric, my brother."  Again, many in the chamber gasped and murmuring started again.  Edgar looked at them and wondered what caused the fuss.  When he looked at Domos, he saw that the man was shaking his head.  "What is it?"
"Sir, do you not understand?  There was going to be no revolt on Troy.  You had no information about it."
"I absolutely did."  He pointed at the secretary and said, "You spoke to Elric about this matter, as well."
The chamber was silent.  Domos had a pitying look on his face and he said, "I last spoke to Prince Elric some … seven years ago now."
"Seven years?" he laughed
"Sir, the grandmaster is dead."  The accused didn't seem to understand so the secretary reiterated, "Prince Elric died seven years ago."
Edgar's eyes widened and he looked around himself.  He didn't see Elric.  Tears fell from his eyes and he sank into the chair.  "Elric is dead."
"Yes."
Edgar wept.  He leaned onto the railing and cried.  His torso wracked with sobs and so he remained, untouched and uninterrupted, for more than two full minutes.
Finally, without gloating and with no sense of triumph, Domos faced Fae Dane and said, "The accused has now also admitted to the crime of murder."  He looked at the weeping man, "Though madness may explain the act, it shall not mitigate it.  I have no need to present further evidence and I ask that the Parlement proceed to vote on the matter."
Edgar sat up and wiped his eyes with his hands and his nose with his sleeves.  He stared again into the distance, seemingly at nothing.
Fae nodded from the lectern and said, "I ask that the clerk call for votes."
The clerk counted the raised hands and Edgar turned in his chair.  He looked toward the secretary, who now gathered his papers and left the dock.  He looked at the dais where old Fae Dane orchestrated the proceedings.  Behind her sat Everleigh.  He saw that she had been crying.  She looked at Edgar and gave him a quick smile and nod.  He didn't know what this meant, so he turned again and looked at the floor.
The chorus in his mind grew louder.  The cacophony of jeers and insults was the same as the chamber had given him over the last hour.  They said nothing new and now that the noise of the outside world matched the noise within him, Edgar sighed and felt an odd kind of peace.  
"The Parlement has voted!" the clerk bellowed.  "The Parlement has voted!  Two hundred sixty-nine votes for guilty!  Thirty-one votes for not!"  A wave of cheers and applause filled the chamber, but it went silent quickly.
"As a nobleman," Dane said from the dais, "and as a former king, we shall grant you the honor of choosing your death.  Choose well."
Edgar wiped his eyes again and said, "That I may abide in solitude until Father Saturn claims me in the course of his duties."  Quite a few people laughed at this, but the parlementary leader pressed.
"Sir.  You must choose the means of your death, which is to be this day."
In his mind, he thought of requesting that he be drawn and quartered, so that his blood would mark all of Buskirk for eternity.  He stood and prepared to say this, but instead, his fatigue took him and he mumbled, "Riflemen."
"Very well.  Guards, to the square."
The room erupted in noise again as the people made their way outside.  Two Redshirts came to Edgar's side and placed metal cuffs on his wrists.  He stared at them for a moment until he was pulled from his seat and nearly dragged across the Parlement's chamber.
The bright sun above shined on him and he tried to raise his hand to cover his face, but the grip of the guards was too tight.  He stumbled down the stairs while attempting to gain his footing and he heard the taunts of hundreds around him.  A press of people pushed him and kicked him as he tried to walk.  He cried out repeatedly in both pain and fear.  Finally, he was thrown against a stone wall and left there.  He crumpled to his knees and shielded his head from blows that did not come.
"Edgar Myrce," Fae Dane began, "you have been found guilty of the crimes of treason, murder, pillaging, and tyranny.  For this, you and all who profane Virgo likewise shall be put to death.  May the gods have mercy upon you."
He looked up from his crouching position and saw a squad of Redshirts lining up.  Next to them stood Lord General Graeme Ryder and he barked the orders.  Anger gripped Edgar again before he saw a hand thrust into his view.
"Stand up."
He took the hand and was helped to his feet.  "Elric.  They said you were dead."
The younger brother nodded and put an arm around Edgar's shoulder.  "At least your blood will stain the Parlement building, hm?"
Edgar looked at the wall behind him and then into Elric's eyes again.  "You should go.  They're going to kill me."
"We will meet the same fate."  The grandmaster straightened and said, "Be proud."
Edgar nodded and moved just as his brother did.  He looked across all of Alfred Square and saw that thousands would witness this.  People in windows, on balconies, on rooftops.  The murmuring and shouting did not let up.  Finally, he looked to his left and saw Domos whispering into the ear of Everleigh.  Anger boiled in him again.
"Traitor!  Conspirator!"  The queen shook and her mouth fell open as the secretary froze.
"Now, now."  Elric said, "You needn't worry about them any longer."
Edgar nodded and faced the twenty Redshirts.  Ryder had his arm raised and ready to give the signal.  The wait felt interminable.  Finally, in frustration, he said, "Do it, man."
Ryder's arm fell and the soldiers fired.
Lying on the stone walk and looking up into the blue sky, the noise of the world and the noise of his mind were both finally silenced.
XXV
EVERLEIGH
1,038 Years After Colonization

Williame watched, transfixed, as the top spun and spun.  It danced on the wooden table for long seconds until another child reached out and grabbed it.  Disappointed, he whined and looked back at his mother.
Everleigh smiled and took a top that Corliss handed to her.  "All is well.  I have another."  The queen spun it and the crown prince was gleeful again.
"Your majesty," a woman nearby said sheepishly, "the prince is a lovely child."
"Thank you," Everleigh said.  "Which is yours?"
"My daughter," she pointed to girl seated at the far end of the table who tried to spin a bright red top.  "Brynne."
The queen looked and smiled toward the four-year-old with fair skin and reddish hair.  "There are times I wish I had a girl."
"There's time yet, your majesty."
Everleigh forced her smile to stay intact.  "Yes."  That was all she could say.
The crowd at the intersection was larger than before.  More than a thousand had gathered at this small neighborhood festival just to glimpse the queen.  The palace guards around her looked nervously at the crowd and moved a bit closer.  
"Begging your pardon, your majesty," another mother began, "but why allow the prince to play with us common folk?"
She looked at her and said, "You are my people.  You may not live in the palace, but that does not mean I do not care."  Williame began to chat with another boy and Everleigh glanced toward him as he did.  His attempts at conversation were always pleasing to her.  "There are too few children for him to play with.  He enjoys their company."
Behind her, there was some shouting, but she couldn't make out what it was.
"Your majesty," a guard said, "we should depart."
Everleigh sighed and watched Williame spin a top himself.  As it spun, he looked up at his mother and laughed.  He put his arms on the table along either side of it so no one could stop it.  Once it wobbled and fell on its own, she said, "Let us go."  The boy moaned and Corliss scooped him up.  One of the mothers handed a bright blue top to the handmaiden and she nodded in thanks.
When the queen turned and faced the crowd, some people cheered and she saw the smiling, curious faces of the hundreds nearest her.  In the back, however, she saw anger and heard more shouting.
"Thief!"
"Take it all!"
"Did you tax the children, too?"
"Reine Evelynn!"
At the last, she scanned the crowd to find whoever had yelled with such an exaggerated Leonan accent.
"Your majesty," a guard urged.  She turned away and followed the Redshirts as they made a path through the group.  As they moved, someone lobbed a head of lettuce or cabbage and it struck the chest of a bystander a few meters from the queen.  The crowd erupted and surged.  The guard sent men after those who may have thrown the vegetable while the rest tightened their circle around Everleigh, Corliss, and Williame.  A few moments later, city police met the group and widened the path.  They moved freely then and made their way to a long white vehicle which departed for Banburgh Castle.  The queen looked out the window as they drove away.  She sighed and hoped that no one would be hurt.
"It was a pleasant day at the start, your majesty," Corliss said.  "Williame had fun."  She looked at him and smiled, "Did you have fun, my prince?"  The boy nodded and then tried to spin the top on his lap.  His initial failure only prompted him to try again.
"I fear that I will not be able to move freely as I once did," Everleigh said.
The lady-in-waiting shook her head.  "You've been queen for two years now, your majesty, and this is the first time the thought has come to you?"
Everleigh chuckled.  "No.  It is not."
"Good."
Saddened, she said, "I see more anger among them."
"Mm." 
The queen looked toward her old friend and said, "Is that all you have to say?"
"You said long ago that you did not wish to taint our discussions with politics."
Now Everleigh nodded and said, "Mm."  She looked out the window again as they neared the Loop and the tall, stone façade of the Western Wing.  "I ask for a brief leave of that request."
Corliss stroked the hair of little Williame and looked at Everleigh.  "You are the queen.  Any ruler, no matter how just or unjust, shall raise the ire of some portion of their subjects.  That you have increased their taxes only serves to focus that ire and feed its flames so it may spread."
"Thank you," she answered.
The door was opened and Corliss left the vehicle with the boy.  A moment later, her door opened and she stepped out, too.  The guards stood at attention and Everleigh entered the palace.  In the main hall, members of the court and various servants bowed before her and greeted her.  She smiled and walked past them all, a little more quickly than usual.  She climbed the stairs and soon made her way to the regency room, her office where most of her day-to-day work was conducted.  At the door, she saw the high secretary.
"Good afternoon, your majesty," Domos said as he bowed.
"Good afternoon, secretary."  Everleigh walked into the room and moved behind her large desk.  She gripped the folds of her billowed red and white dress and adjusted the shape so she could sit.  Once she did, she pulled herself toward the tabletop, leaned on her elbow, and sighed.
"I was told that there was a disturbance," Wynton said.
"Yes.  My detractors always find me, even when I desire only to let Williame play."  Domos nodded and she straightened, "Why are there so few children?"
"I'm sorry, your majesty?"
"In the palace.  There are no children.  I remember when I was a child and we visited, there were children playing in the gardens and there were teachers."
"Yes," the secretary sat down.  "It comes down to the state of the nobility, your majesty.  So many were arrested or killed during the rebellion, their numbers have not yet recovered.  Fewer nobles means fewer people at the palace, and it is they who brought their children."
"Shall I bestow more titles?"
"That would help, I believe.  Yes, your majesty."
She scribbled a note on the page atop her stack.  "And what may be done about my detractors?"
"I would suggest visiting smaller groups of people.  Perhaps allow the palace guard time to send a team in advance so the people may be …"
"No, secretary, I mean, what shall we do to satisfy my detractors?  Within reason, of course."
"Ah."  Domos thought and asked, "What was the nature of their displeasure today?"
"Taxation again."  Wynton nodded.  "Someone called out, 'Reine Evelynn.'"
The secretary squinted.  "Is 'Evelynn' the Leonese form of 'Everleigh?'"
"I do not believe so."
"It does have the virtue of rhyming somewhat," Domos joked but, seeing that the queen did not smile or acknowledge this in any way, he quickly shifted and said, "Regarding your ties to Leo, they are nigh immutable.  The nature of your arrival, your husband, your son.  For those Virgans who feel strongly about our old enemy, there is nothing to be done."
Everleigh nodded.  "I understand."
"As for the taxation, there is a means for which I have advocated in the past."
She shook her head.  "We will not violate the Hibernian Agreement."  She was tired of Domos and the military advisors bringing up the prospect of raids on Leo's territories.
"Then we might increase the burden borne by our colonies," he countered.
"You have seen the same reports as I.  They can bear no more."
"Then, your majesty, I do not have an answer.  We have a new, standing army.  Its financial impact was an unknown and it has proven great.  And much of our budget is being spent on efforts to rebuild after the civil war, and our cities must be rebuilt.  Once they are, the income will increase and the taxes may be lessened."
Everleigh looked toward the window and realized that she couldn't see Buskirk from this position.  "What does the average citizen pay in taxation?"
The secretary thought.  "Whether by goods or by gold or silver, approximately twenty percent of the value of their property, yearly.  And that is but one measure."
The queen closed her eyes and felt embarrassed.  "Forgive me, but … is that a great deal?"
"It is, your majesty.  Particularly for the common folk."
As she nodded, she again cursed herself.  So often in her reign she had felt out of her depth and lacking in the skills and knowledge to do the job well.  That feeling had only grown as the empire's financial situation worsened.  She faced him and asked, "Could the greater weight of the burden be taken by the wealthy?"  As Wynton thought, she continued, "Could each locality have a goal and have the affluent make up a larger portion of that goal?"
"That is, in essence, how it is done now, but the burden has not been reduced.  And also, your majesty, that brings us back to the answer of your earlier question and the poor state of our nobility."
"Then we shall make further reductions."  
The secretary held his breath.  When she did not speak, he said, "The Parlement has made many such reductions, your majesty.  I am certain the leadership is loath to undertake more."
"If we must, we must.  That is all we may do."
Domos nodded.  "Very well.  What do you propose?"
Everleigh knew her suggestion would not be taken well.  "We shall reduce the budget for our military by another ten percent."  When he inhaled sharply through the nose, she added, "Virgo is in an unprecedented peace with our neighbor.  The first of its kind since the days of Ethelswith and Jehan.  There is no need to believe hostilities shall arise."
"Perhaps for now, your majesty.  But what may come in years after?"
She raised her eyebrows.  "When Williame is on the throne?"
Wynton blinked and he seemed to be mustering the courage to say something.  Finally, he faced her and raised his chin somewhat.  "Which throne?"
In her mind, the months of doubt fell in line and simply clicked.  She nearly smirked as she said, "That is it, is it not?  Since before my arrival, you and the Parlement and the military have feared that I was a Leonan with a Virgan tongue.  You did not fear my weakening Virgo in the face of a strong Leo.  You feared the uncertainty of a future with me on the throne and my son being the crown prince of both worlds."  The secretary shifted in his seat and she said, "Is the thought of a united Leo and Virgo so repugnant?  So alien?"
"I fear that you have misread me, your majesty," Domos bowed slightly.  "We have all taken oaths – you, the Parlement, myself – to protect and defend Virgo and her territories.  Reducing the military's funds would impair …"
"I am referring to your question on the throne."
The secretary nodded.  "The line of succession has been a topic of conversation on Virgo for some time.  I am sure it is the same on Leo."
Everleigh leaned forward, "Do you fear uncertainty?  And especially the uncertainty of a King Williame and a peace with Leo?"
Wynton maintained his stone visage.  "It is also among all our duties to be prepared.  We must be prepared to defend Virgo from any manner of threat.  Uncertainty is an enemy of preparation."
The queen nodded.  "I see.  Thank you, secretary.  That will be all for now."
Domos stood and straightened his jacket.  "Shall I inform the leadership of your intent for another military reduction?"
"Please."
"The Parlement is not likely to approve."
"I know, but I shall press it still."
The secretary nodded and stood in the doorway.  He bowed, said, "Your majesty," and departed.

Weeks later, the messenger from Leo remained before the throne.  She stood, wide eyed, and watched as the queen read and reread the page.
Everleigh opened her mouth to speak and coughed instead.  A servant brought her a cup of water and she took two large gulps before handing it back.  She brought the page to her abdomen and felt the trembling of her own hands.  "Go … find Gervase."
The servant looked around the room and at the waiting expressions of the queen's court.  The young man bowed and spoke lightly, "Your majesty, where shall I find him?"
She licked her lips and felt the halting, stuttering breath that shook her chest.  "What is today?"
The master of ceremonies lowered his head as he quietly offered, "Terra's Day, your majesty."
Everleigh nodded and said with a distant look in her eyes, "Look in the kitchens and storerooms.  He often gets a taste for Tauran on Terra's Day."  The servant bowed and left the throne room quickly as the other members of the court exchanged looks.  The Leonan messenger remained in her place before the queen.
She stood quickly and turned her back to the gallery.  Her eyes danced over the tapestries hanging on the walls, never focusing on any one.  She finally found herself pressed against the side of her throne.  She reached for it and clumsily maneuvered herself toward the front, sitting with a jarring thud.
High Secretary Domos entered the chamber next and stood in a cluster with the other members of the household.  He looked toward the high chaplain, the leader of the Queen's Council, and asked, "What has happened?"
"We do not know," she whispered.  "She has not said, though she summoned the king consort moments ago."
Wynton then walked to the royal steward, the position made to fill the vacuum created by Domos' own shift to high secretary of the Parlement.  "Steward."
"Secretary."
"A message from Leo."
"I fear I know little more than you at this stage."  Domos nodded and faced the mistress of the bedchamber and the master of ceremonies.  He made no attempt to speak to them.  
Everleigh pursed her lips and breathed slowly.  She thought for certain that she would be crying, but after she touched her face, she felt no wetness.  She scanned the room again and saw Corliss standing to one side.  Her expression betrayed concern and worry for her mistress and friend.  The queen waved to her and the lady-in-waiting cautiously approached the stairs and ascended.
"Your majesty?"
"Hold my hand."  She did.  "I will need your strength in these moments."
"You have it, your majesty."
Lord General Ryder entered at the rear of the throne room and walked to a position just behind the Leonan messenger.  He assessed the young woman and then bowed toward the queen before assuming a stance next to Domos and the other members of the court.
A door at the rear opened and Gervase entered.  He was disheveled, with no coat and his shirt untucked.  His hair was mussed and his eyes were bleary.  Everleigh's anger helped tamp her sorrow.  Before he could ascend the stairs and sit in his more modest throne to the queen's left, she began to speak.
"I have received a message from Leo."  She pulled the page away from her chest and held it before her.  "'Queen Everleigh of Virgo and Crown Prince Gervase of Leo.  It is my duty to notify you that Queen Arleth of Leo has suffered,'" her voice broke and she squeezed Corliss' hand tightly.  She returned the pressure and the queen continued, "'Suffered a cranial apoplexy,'" some of the court gasped and Gervase's eyes widened, "'and is incapacitated.  The royal doctors believe she will not recover.  The Assembly has named Chancellor Alois as an emergency regent until the return of Crown Prince Gervase.'"
She lowered the page and looked toward her husband.  His expression did not surprise her, though it did disgust her.  He was smirking.  He nodded his head once and only then had the presence of mind to try and flatten his grin.
Corliss squeezed her hand and whispered, "I am so sorry, your majesty."
Everleigh nodded quickly and sniffed.  "Thank you."  Her lady-in-waiting had been there on Leo with her.  She saw how well Arleth treated Everleigh and how much like a mother she had been to her.  After having been without parents for half her life, the queen's kind words and advice had been a welcome gift.  Her support in the painful early months of Everleigh's marriage were also essential.  The queen appeared to deflate on the throne once she realized how much this was like losing a parent all over again.
"Our sympathies, your majesty," Ryder said.  "We will have a ship prepared to take the king consort to Leo shortly."
"King!" Gervase turned and barked at the lord general.  "I am king now!"
Anger welled within her and she raised again.  "You have not been crowned," Everleigh said.  "Your mother yet lives."
Now Gervase faced the throne.  "She is dead.  She may be dead even now or she may be dead tomorrow.  It does not matter.  But these bastards," he again looked at the members of the court, "have refused to respect me!  They call me 'king consort,' but no more!"
It had been an intentional slight by the Virgans to not call Gervase "king," but Everleigh's own hatred for her husband meant that she would never bother to correct it.  
"Notify me when the ship is ready," Gervase said as he began to storm out of the chamber.  After he slammed the door, silence descended on the throne room for a long moment.
Finally, the royal steward asked, "Your majesty, do you have any orders?"
Again, she pursed her lips and breathed heavily.  "Master of ceremonies, please see to it that the appropriate public displays of sympathy and well-wishes are made."
The man bowed, "Yes, your majesty."  When he stood again, he looked at the rest of the court.  All of them were confused as Virgo had never before publicly expressed sympathy for the death or infirmity of a Leonan monarch in their history.  
"I will … speak with the steward, the high secretary, the … chaplain, alone."  Other members of the court began to file out and Everleigh saw the Leonan messenger.  "Mistress of the bedchamber," the woman turned, "please see to our guest and offer a room for her to rest tonight if she wishes.  And food."
"Yes, your majesty."  The mistress escorted the messenger out and the summoned officials moved closer to the throne's platform.
Corliss whispered, "Shall I leave, too, your majesty?"
The queen looked to her side and was almost surprised to see her lady still there.  Then she realized that she was still holding her hand.  She shook her head and said, "Stay."
"I will, ma'am."
Once the throne room settled again, Everleigh leaned forward and stretched her back.  It was late and it had been a long day of looking at figures, studying trade and imports from the colonies, … she was exhausted and ready for bed when the messenger arrived.  The queen sat up again and felt the fatigue weigh on her anew.  
"I will soon be departing for Leo," she said.
The royal steward nodded.  "Yes, your majesty.  We assumed so."
Everleigh's eyes watered and her gaze became distant.  "I am not likely to return."
As Corliss looked down at her, the three members of the court looked at each other.  Finally, Domos said, "We do not understand, your majesty."
A tear fell over her cheek.  "Arleth was as a mother to me and I shall care for her as child would their stricken parent."
"Your majesty," the chaplain said, "I am certain that King Gervase would consent to having his mother moved here so that you might care for her in her frailty."
She almost groaned knowing how much he hated his mother and how much he resented the relationship the two women shared.  "Perhaps he would, but I would still abdicate."
The room went quiet again.  The steward asked, "Why, your majesty?"
"I should have never been on this throne.  I am not fit for it.  There are times even when I feel that I am not fit for Virgo any longer."  She nodded and said, "I would like to give up my crown and return to Leo."
Domos' face became grim.  "And Prince Williame?  If you abdicate, …"
Everleigh wiped her eyes and said, "I would take him with me."
XXVI
DOMOS
1,038 Years After Colonization

"What are we to do?" the chaplain asked.
The trio stood in the hall outside the throne room.  The royal steward stared at the floor and the high secretary spun his ring on his finger as he thought.
"There is naught we can do," the steward said.  "If a monarch wishes to abdicate, they may."
"And flee the world with the crown prince?"  The chaplain shook her head.  "There must be something the Parlement could do."
Domos looked at them both and said, "Little, I fear, beyond condemning her actions.  The Parlement could issue a demand for the return of Williame, but it may escalate to conflict."
"Unacceptable," the steward said.  "Conceivably, what will take place if the queen follows her words?"
Wynton shrugged and said, "If she abdicates and takes Williame off-world, then he would be the king-in-exile, essentially.  Due to his age, a regency would be appointed, regardless.  We might hope that he would be willing to return when he comes of age, but there is little to guarantee it."
"You have been through this before, secretary," the chaplain began, "what are your thoughts?"
Domos looked up and down the hall, but at this time of night, there was no one to be seen, save for two guards twenty meters away by the side entrance to the throne room.  "There are differences, of course."  The other two nodded.  "The queen herself has said it.  She does not believe that she is fit for the throne.  I am … not inclined to disagree."
The steward's eyebrows lifted.  "Mind your words, sir."
"I am only repeating what the queen herself has said, as evidenced by my own discussions with her."  The steward shook his head in anger.  "I am sorry that the truth offends.  I find Queen Everleigh to be a kind woman who strives to be fair to all.  Though she may be good, she is not a good leader.  Or queen."
While the steward turned and fumed, the chaplain said, "So you would welcome a regency."
"'Welcome' implies a sense of pleasure at the thought, and I have none.  I feel there is too much uncertainty, however, in allowing the crown prince to depart for Leo."
The royal steward spoke strongly, "Virgo must have a monarch."
"I do not disagree.  Though I long fought for the strengthening of our governing body, I have witnessed the stammerings and blunderings of both the Great Council and now the Parlement.  There must be a monarch to guide the Parlement and stay their clumsiness.  More important than that, we need a leader to embody the strength of this Empire."  He stopped there, knowing that another word may anger the steward further.
The high chaplain asked, "What shall we do in the meantime?"
Domos answered, "I will notify the Parlement's leadership."
"I will gather the Queen's Council of Three," the chaplain said, "to pray that the night assuages the queen's grief and causes her to rethink her words."
The steward nodded.  "I believe we will all pray for that."

The following day was a long one.  The conversations with the Parlement's leaders were fraught with confusion and disbelief.  Fae Dane, in particular, was stunned.
"We have only just waged a war to reestablish our monarchy, our world, and it will be rent by the sorrow of a young woman," she said.
"My thoughts precisely," Domos responded.
"How many know?"
The secretary considered this.  "I would say less than twenty now, though it is not yet lunch."
"As few as possible should know."
"I agree."
"Parlement," Dane shook her head, "Parlement should be ready to pass laws of regency."
"I agree.  Draft them but do not introduce them lest the queen change her mind."
"Is that likely?" she asked.
Wynton said, "It is a hope."
Throughout the afternoon, Domos awaited a summons to Banburgh, but none came.  Finally, at the setting of the sun, he visited the castle and met with the royal steward again.
"What news from the queen?"
He shook his head.  "I spoke to her a short while ago.  She intends to abdicate as she departs for the coronation of Gervase.  You have spoken to Parlement's leaders?"
"I did."
"Is there nothing to prevent this?"
"At the time the constitution was drafted, the writers were concerned with the power to remove a monarch; not keep one in place.  Vice Leader Bailey believes that a law might be passed, but, as it deals with the power of a monarch, it would require three-quarters support or a royal assent, the latter of which is not likely."
"Can Parlement not pass such a law and meet the threshold?"
"There is the possibility, but many in Parlement detest Everleigh for her taxes and reductions, as well as her ties to Leo.  They would welcome a regency, I suppose."  As the steward looked in away in thought, Domos said, "There is another fear with Parlement's involvement."
"What?"
"That would mean another three hundred people would be told of this.  That they themselves would spread the news afterward is a surety."  The steward nodded.  "We would all be best served if the public did not know yet."
"Agreed."

The day after saw no change in the queen's plans.  It did, however, see the news of those plans spread among the people and be reported by messengers, posters, and more.  Crowds of people gathered near the Parlement building and outside the gates of Banburgh Castle.  Many protested and either cheered her departure or begged for her to stay.  There were frequent scuffles between the two sides.
After nightfall, Domos donned his cloak and walked the dirty streets of Blakfern, a poor neighborhood on the southern side of Buskirk.  He had spent his day to find someone and this was where he was directed.
When he entered the tavern, he saw the place was crowded and loud.  Heat flashed over his face and he lowered his head in hopes that the ambient light would be sufficient to keep him obscured.  The secretary scanned the room and saw two tables at the rear with one man sitting at each.  He looked from one to the other and tried to decide which one matched the description he was given.  He decided on the left.
"Alger Vance?"
The large man looked up.  "Who?"
"Apologies."
The secretary moved to the second table and nearly said the name again.  He looked at the man.  He was not as heavyset as the note stated.  He had a beard, though.  And a large head.  Perhaps he lost some weight.
"Alger Vance?"
He nodded.  "Aye.  What?"
Wynton sat and leaned against the table so that his face could not be seen by any but this man.  "We have a mutual friend who said you were skilled and in need of funds."
He emptied his tankard and set it on the table.  "Start by getting another."
Domos hesitated and then looked toward the bar.  He raised his hand, pointed at the cup, and then set a coin on the table.  Both were silent until the server came with a new, filled tankard and took away the coin and empty one.  Vance smiled and began to drink.
"How are you skilled in such things?"
He lowered the cup and wiped his mouth.  "I was a serjeant in the army.  Served until my family were killed in the civil war."
The secretary narrowed his eyes at the seeming nonchalance.  "My sympathies."  When Alger raised the tankard again, Wynton said, "And so you drown your sorrows."
He swallowed and said, "I would, yet the bastards have learned to swim."
"You may need to stop the attempt for a short while in order for this task."
"If I must.  If the pay is high."
Domos put a leather pouch on the table and removed a few gold coins.  He shook the pouch, which sounded as though it was full.  After he replaced the coins, he asked, "And that?"
"Looks right."  Vance emptied his cup again and set it down.  "What's the task?"
He opened his mouth to say it and he felt the same physical revulsion as he had the other day when the thought first came to him.  His stomach wrenched, sweat formed on his brow, his fingertips tingled.  He leaned over the table as far as he could and said, "Kill the queen."
Alger's eyebrows raised.  After a moment of silence, he laughed.  "Are you serious?"
Wynton nodded.  "I am."
"Then you'll need two of them purses.  Maybe three."  He reached across the table and picked up the one.  "This is a start."
"Very well."
Vance reached inside and held some of the large coins.  He smiled briefly before he let them fall.  "Why?"
"Have you heard the news?"
Vance nodded.  "She wants to give up the crown."
"And take her son with her."  The former soldier nodded again.  "Leaving Virgo without a monarch."
"I had my fill after the last one."  He raised his hand and lifted the empty tankard.  "She's no better, though kinder on the eyes."
Wynton glanced around the room.  "Does everyone feel the same?"
Alger laughed.  He straightened, took a deep breath, and then sang with a clear voice, "Fair lady, the Queen Everleigh!"  Domos' eyes widened.  When Vance went to the second line, the secretary was stunned to hear the rest of the tavern crowd join in.  "Who wears a crown upon her head, for Edgar the Mad is now dead, and sits on the throne love-ily, so the Lions play happily!"  Some in the crowd cheered, but Alger moved to the second verse, "Oh!  The girl's now become the queen!  She will kindly wage no more war, yet she gaily taxes the poor, and she's the best Leo has seen, who greeted Virgo, 'Bon matyne!'"
More in the crowd cheered and someone on the far side continued to sing.  Vance was joining them when Wynton grabbed his arm and said, "Enough!"
"It's a very popular song, you know."
"So I hear."
"There's a new verse now."
"I would rather not attract more attention."
"Ah," Alger waved his hand dismissively and lifted the filled cup of ale that the server had brought while he sang.  "They won't miss her."
Domos had hoped this would make him feel better about it, but his stomach churned even more.  "Gervase's ceremony is in three days.  She is expected to depart in two.  This must happen before then."
Vance lowered his drink and said, "I'm not that drunk."  He sipped some more and said, "When will she be out and about?"
"Each morning since the news of Queen Arleth came, she has traveled to the Temple of Edward in the city center.  There is always a crowd and a large contingent of soldiers.  How will you find your way through …"
"I have the means."  He finished his drink.  "One week from tonight, I will meet you here for the other purses."
Domos stood.  "Then I wish you good fortune."
Alger nodded and raised his hand for the server.
The secretary left the tavern and knew it was very likely that he would not have to return.

The next morning, Wynton sat in his office at the Parlement building and stared at the back of the closed door.  Noon came.  Then the afternoon.  Few people entered and they had only standard business to conduct.  When he was alone, he sat, looking at the door and regretting his decision.
On the morning after, he decided to go to the Temple of Edward himself.  The early services had swelled in attendance since the queen began frequenting them.  The secretary, though, managed to get inside and find a seat on the floor of the massive building.  He looked up at the colored glass depicting the Pantheon and at the twelve towering statues depicting the Olympians.  The high chaplain uncharacteristically led the service and spoke of prayer in times of strife.  Domos tuned it out, fiddled with his ring, and focused on his own prayers.
He looked at the massive marble statue at the head of the sanctuary.  Lord Jupiter, holy Zeus.  Lord of the Lords, help me.  I beg you to aid Virgo.  Our queen would abandon us and yet … the path I have chosen feels unjust, as well.  He looked toward Minerva.  Goddess of wisdom, grant me some of what is in your charge.  What shall I do?
The services came to an end and everyone stood.  Everleigh, clutching a few wildflowers she had picked herself, departed the seats first and moved toward the base of Apollo's statue.  She laid the flowers at his feet and lowered her head onto its pedestal.  For several seconds, she remained.  Finally, her lady-in-waiting put her hands on the queen's shoulders and led her away.  Only then did the rest of the congregation begin to disperse.
Wynton left the sanctuary and looked across the main thoroughfare of Buskirk.  Hundreds were there, including worshippers, well-wishers, detractors, and protestors.  A line of Redshirts created a path for the queen and her retinue to walk from the Temple's entrance to the street where her vehicle waited.  
In the din of the crowd, Domos squinted and scanned every face he could see, looking for Alger Vance.  I will stop him.
A throng of people moved with the queen and the soldiers began to fold in behind her, reinforcing the rear.  The secretary's eyes darted around, panicked, and he feared that he would never spot him among the crowd.  As Everleigh neared the long vehicle, he thought, Perhaps he is still drunk in a tavern.  Perhaps he thought better of it.
A rifle fired.  In the brief silence and shock that followed, someone yelled, "Death to Leo!"  Domos looked ahead toward the queen and saw Vance wearing the red jacket of the Army.  The other Redshirts surged toward him, the surrounding crowd screamed and began to run, and Alger raised a pistol, shooting again.  A volley of rifle fire took him down.
The government officials around Wynton slowly made their way down the steps toward the formation of Redshirts who now formed a wall between the queen and the outside world.  The secretary moved from left to right, trying to see around the shoulders of the many soldiers.  Finally, he knelt onto the sidewalk and looked between their legs.  There, he saw a few Redshirts writhing on the concrete and Corliss, blood pouring down her arm, as she cried and cradled Everleigh's head.
Domos' stomach dropped from him and he might have retched onto the sidewalk then if he had managed to eat anything that morning.  He wobbled and gasped for air before he finally lost consciousness and collapsed.
XXVII
RYDER
1,038 Years After Colonization

Lord General Graeme Ryder stalked through the halls quickly and with purpose.  Everyone left his path.  He said no word until Paityn Etel caught up with him.
"Lord general," she said as she tried to maintain his pace, "I need to you come with me."
He didn't turn.  "I have a great many things to do.  A large number of officers and men to question and berate!"
"General, the assassin."  When he didn't answer or even slow down, Etel reached out and grabbed his arm.  "Sir."
Shocked, he stopped and looked down at her hand.  "Major.  Mind yourself."
She nodded and said, "You must come.  I have identified the assassin."
As Paityn released him, Ryder clasped his hands behind his back.  "Who is he?"
The major looked up and down the hall before saying, softly, "Alger Vance."
Graeme's eyes widened.  "Serjeant Vance?"  She nodded.  He looked away and thought.  "I do not understand."
"Come with me, sir.  There is more."
After a moment's hesitation, he said, "Yes."
The pair exited Eastwark Tower, the headquarters of the Virgan Army, and got into a military vehicle.  As the driver departed the secure location and entered Buskirk itself, Ryder faced his longtime lieutenant and asked, "When did you last hear from him?"
"Shortly after the fall of Clay.  He lost his family in that battle."
Ryder nodded.  "His wife and daughter."
"And a son.  He left the Army after that."
"That was during the civil war, more than two years ago.  What has he done since?"
"The doctor who examined him said his pallor and organs spoke of alcohol abuse."  The major thought for a moment and said, "He cried out, 'Death to Leo,' after the shot.  Did he ever fight the Lions?"
Graeme shook his head.  "He served on Capricorn some time ago and said it was pleasant.  Most of his battles were fought here on Virgo."
The lord general looked out the window as they neared the Machaonic Temple.  The vehicle stopped and both officers departed and ascended the stairs.  The inner sanctum was smaller than its exterior suggested and featured statues of Apollo, Vejovis, and other healers from the faith and history.  Priests prayed over patients as they waited to be seen by doctors and there was a smell of sickness and death in the air.  A censer waved by one of the priests did little to lessen it.
An attendant came to them and bowed.  "May I aid you?"
Etel said, "I spoke to Dr. Deorwine.  She is expecting me."  
The young man bowed again and stepped aside.  "This way."  He then began to walk and led them past benches and beds of the sick and injured.  After they left the waiting sanctuary, they entered a large and long hallway with many rooms on either side.  Priests and doctors moved about quickly carrying medicines and supplies.
The lord general watched this and said, "Is it always so filled?"
The attendant answered as he came to a stop by a stairway, "Many of the injured were trampled in the panic of the assassination, may the gods rest her majesty.  Many of the ill are victim to an affliction in the northern neighborhoods."
As the attendant and Etel descended the stairs, Graeme looked back at the busy area and held his breath.  At the bottom of the stairs, candles and torches were arrayed at the base of a statue of Pluto.  The visitors were hit with the smell of incense, fruit, and spices, but this veneer soon fell away and they smelled decay.  "Dr. Deorwine is in the mortuary."  He pointed to a closed door.  After the attendant departed, the major opened the door and they entered.
A nude body was laid on a wooden table.  There were at least five bullet wounds in his chest and there was a sutured incision that ran the length of his torso.  A woman on the far side of the room was rinsing her hands in a bowl and she turned to face them.  "Greetings."
"I am Major Etel and this is Lord General Ryder."
"I know."  She flicked her hands to dislodge excess moisture.  "I would show you his internal cavity but I had to close him and clean myself.  I have to conduct a surgery shortly."
Ryder walked to the side of the table and looked into his face.  His eyes were closed and the skin of his neck was pale, but his cheeks and nose still seemed flush.  "Serjeant Vance."
Paityn said, "I have informed the lord general about his apparent alcoholism.  Was there anything else you discovered that we should know?"
"I am afraid not.  His means of death was as you would expect: multiple gunshot wounds to the chest and extremities."
Graeme still looked at the dead man's face.  "And the others wounded?"
"Six soldiers also suffered similar wounds, most from their fellow guards."  Ryder looked up at her.  "That is what the fieldmen told me.  The queen's lady-in-waiting was struck in her arm.  Some three dozen were injured as the crowd dispersed."  She sighed and wiped her hands on a clean towel.  "Her majesty was the only other fatality."
"Thank you, doctor," Ryder said.  He stood at attention by Vance's body.  "May we have the room?"
"Certainly."
As the doctor headed for the door, Etel asked, "His personal effects?"
"That cabinet."
"Thank you."
When the door closed, the major opened the doors of the cabinet.  Inside, Vance's red jacket hung, pitted with holes and stained with blood.
"Who else knows his identity?"
"The chief constable of the Watch.  The lead fieldman investigating it.  The doctor.  That is all."
"Good.  Let us keep his name secret for now."
The major held the jacket and turned, "We will have to say something to the people."
"Tell them only that the assassin was not a current member of the Army."
Etel reached into the pocket of the black pants.  "The fieldmen allowed me to keep his clothes and effects here at the mortuary until I could show you."
The lord general walked closer and studied the jacket.  "It's the old Clay city guard coat.  Near enough to the Redshirts that they would have accepted his presence without a second look."
Paityn removed her hand from the pocket and held a leather pouch.  With her other hand, she opened it and spread nearly thirty shining, gold coins across her palm.  "Almost six hundred dram."
Ryder stared at the money and said, "I would have guessed he was destitute."  He looked back at Vance's body.  "Why would he have so much on him?"  A horrifying thought came to his mind.
"Perhaps, sir, he …"
"Was paid."
Etel nodded and slid the coins back into the purse.  "What shall we do?"
"Does the fieldman know about this?"
"The coins?  Yes."
"Is he investigating?"
"Yes."
"I will also investigate.  Vance was my serjeant."  
"Where will you begin?"
"If he had become a drunkard, then I shall go where he might ply his trade."  He looked at the body once more and then left the room.

There were far more taverns in Buskirk than Ryder realized.  The sun set hours ago and still he walked the streets and alleys looking for every small establishment.  And he may not have visited any of them.
He opened the door and was met with the sound of laughter and music.  This tavern was more full than previous stops, but the people were just as happy to be there.  He looked with some disgust at the proceedings and wondered how the people might be so festive the same day as the assassination of their queen.  Again, he realized that these people might well be celebrating it and he turned with anger toward the barkeep.
"Good evening, lord," the old woman said.  "How may I help you?"
Graeme leaned on the bar.  "I am curious if you have seen a friend of mine, Alger Vance."
She wrinkled her lips in thought.  "The name's not familiar, lord."
"He served with me as a serjeant in the defense of Clay during the war."  She nodded and he continued, "He was a burly man, pale skinned, and mustachioed with brown hair."
"There may be some who meet the appearance, lord, but the story calls no memory."
Ryder nodded and straightened up.  "Thank you, ma'am."  He placed a small coin on the bar and departed.
The hour was late and he felt he might only be able to visit two or three more before he would have to resume tomorrow.
He opened the door and found a room smaller and somehow darker than the previous.  There were fewer patrons, but they, too, were laughing and carousing in the far corners.  A middle-aged man was pouring ale into cups and a server took them away.  When the bartender saw Ryder, he saluted and said, "Good evening, general.  How might I help you?"
"I hope you may have seen a friend of mine recently.  His name is Alger Vance."
"Hm.  I don't know it, lord."
"He served with me as a serjeant in the defense of Clay.  He was a burly man, …"
"Oh, the serjeant!" the bartender said.  "I never knew his name, but he would talk about the war and being in Clay."
Ryder sighed.  "Thank the gods."
"He seemed to grow upset at the end each time he told his tale.  He never said why."
"His family was killed by Edgar's men."
"Aye."
"Tell me, when did you last see him?"
The man looked toward the rear wall and the table there.  "Two evenings ago, I believe.  Perhaps three."
"I see."
"No!" the bartender said.  "It was two.  I remember because he drank far more than his usual.  He often paid with whatever coppers he might have scrounged or begged for, but two nights ago, he paid with a shiny twenty-dram gold piece."
Got him.  "Did he have anyone in his company?  Did he drink with anyone in particular?  Perhaps someone you recognized?"
"He sat at the bar when he first arrived.  He usually did if there were new faces.  I thought he might tell his story again but he retreated to that back table."  They both looked toward it.  "Then someone came in who I did not know.  He sat with him for a time."
"This person.  Are you able to describe them?"
"It was a man, I believe.  He wore a cloak and never pulled back the hood."
The lord general tightened his hands into fists.  So close.  "Did the stranger have any mark?  A scar?  Or was he carrying something, like a case?  Any sort of thing to identify him?"
"Let me think."  The bartender looked at the table again.  "When he sat there, he did order a drink for the serjeant and he raised his hand to call for the server.  A ring.  He had a large, gold ring with some sort of stone in it."
Ryder's stomach sank.  "Are you certain?"
"I am.  I remember because it wasn't either round or square, the ring.  It was, uh, long, and covered the first part of his forefinger."
The general closed his eyes.  Domos.  Without saying another word, Ryder put a coin on the bar and left.

"Tavern.  Tonight."
That was the simple message he sent the high secretary the first thing the next morning.  The day itself was excruciating.  Mostly because of the wait, but also because of the tedium in planning a state funeral for Queen Everleigh.
When the appropriate hour neared, Graeme went to their usual tavern early.  He had met the secretary and Fae Dane here more than a few times during the last days of King Edgar's reign.  It stood to reason that the secretary would stick to his pattern for secret meetings even when doing something as despicable as plotting an assassination.  At least he had been smart enough to choose a different establishment on the other side of the city.
When Domos entered the Red Pony, he was wearing a cloak.  Ryder felt angry at the sight, but he kept it in check.  
"Greetings, lord general."
"High secretary."  After he sat and removed his hood, Graeme asked, "Would you care for a drink?"
"Not at present.  Thank you."  He glanced around the half-filled tavern and then smiled at Ryder.  After he tapped his ring on the table, he asked, "To what do I owe your summons this evening?"
The general stared at the ring.  "I have never asked you about that.  Tell me.  Where does it come from?"
Wynton raised it and turned it from side to side.  "It has been in my family since the founding of Virgo, or so my father said.  Passed down through the ages, usually to those who served the monarchy.  Or were the monarchy."
"Which is why you have it and your older brother does not."  Domos nodded.  "What of the stone?  I have never seen its like."
"I was told that it was crafted from parts of the last colony ship to arrive here from Kobol."  He turned it from side to side.  The black oval had streaks of gray and shined in the light.  "My father said it was not a stone at all, but instead a material called 'plastic.'"
Ryder looked at the secretary's face and saw simple contentment.  The general wanted to destroy it.  "How did you find Alger Vance?"
Domos' eyes widened and his hands shook.  He leaned back in his chair and stared.  Whatever he might say next, his actions had just revealed his guilt.  Wynton understood this, and after having held in his breath for the last several seconds, he simply closed his eyes and asked, "How?"
"Alger Vance served with me as a serjeant in Clay's city guard."  The secretary winced at his bad luck and shook his head.  "I found you through that ring, which was recalled by the barkeep where you met."
"I see."
"I will ask again, how did you find Serjeant Vance?"
"A former member of Edgar's palace guard.  He was crippled in the foolish assault on your forces as the king fled Hadrian.  Needless to say, he was embittered, and he knew of other embittered soldiers."
"I require a name."
Domos tapped the ring on the tabletop twice and said, "Bradley Kimballe."  Ryder nodded and committed it to memory.  "What shall we do now?"
"I will arrest you and you will stand trial for treason and regicide."
Wynton scoffed and shook his head.  "My name is one of the most famous in Virgo's history."
"Thus will its fall be the harder."
The secretary leaned forward, speaking in a harsh whisper, "Do you believe that the Empire can withstand such a trial now?  Two dead monarchs in two years?  A civil war?  A new Parlement and constitution?  A boy king who cannot yet rule?"
The lord general folded his arms over his chest and thought.  He is right.  "Shall we adjourn this discussion outside?"
Domos looked concerned and finally said, "Very well."  Both men stood and Ryder gestured for the secretary to go first.  Reluctantly, he did.  Once out the door, Wynton began to turn to face the general, but Graeme pushed him to the left and then pushed him again into an alley.
"What are you doing?" Domos asked in a panic.
"If justice will wound Virgo further," he opened his jacket and removed a dagger from his belt, "then I shall mete it out myself."
He stepped toward the secretary who raised his hands, "Wait!  You cannot mean this!"
The rage that had built within him for the last day finally bubbled to the surface.  The usually calm officer and nobleman began to nearly shout, "You murdered the queen!"  He glanced around and lowered his voice for the rest, "You conspired to murder the rightful monarch of Virgo because you didn't care for what she was going to do!"  Wynton tried to interrupt, but the general continued, "How do I know that you didn't also conspire against Edgar?!"
Domos answered, "You saw the king.  He was mad.  He condemned himself."
Through gritted teeth, Ryder said, "Perhaps.  Nevertheless, you are guilty of this crime."
He gasped for air and then nodded.  "I am."
"What is the penalty for treason?  For the assassination of the queen?"
The secretary kept nodding his head.  Finally, he straightened and raised his chin high.  "Death."
Graeme tightened his grip on the knife and said, "Why did you choose this path?  Was it revenge for the lost station of your house?"
He grimaced, "No!  I care not for such petty things!  I chose this path for Virgo!"  The general raised a finger to his mouth and the secretary lowered his volume.  "I knew it would be better for Virgo in time.  If she had taken Williame to Leo, he would have been raised by Leonans and he might never have returned.  And if he had, he would not truly be Virgan.  This way, the child will be raised on Virgo and he shall forever remain so."
"And if his father demands his return?  If Leo is willing to risk war over the boy?"
"Then Virgo would find itself in the same position it has for centuries.  War.  And from it, strength and power.  With the spoils, whether from Leo or its colonies, the Empire's finances would be righted."  Again, Ryder felt disgusted.  He looked away in shame and Domos said, "I have committed a grave crime and sin, yet I did so for the glory of Virgo.  I have asked the Lords of Kobol for forgiveness and I can only hope that they grant it."  He turned his back to the lord general and said, softly, "Of you, I will ask only that you make it swift."
Graeme breathed quickly through his nose and stormed toward the man.  With his left hand, he grabbed the secretary's hair and with his right, he quickly and forcefully drew the blade across the man's throat.  In the darkness, he could not see the spurts of blood from the wound, but he heard it slap against the stone path.

In the Parlement building, Ryder stood to the side of the chamber, near the platform occupied by the senior leaders.  Leader Dane bowed to the assembled members who applauded her, and she declared a recess.  When she walked toward him, she looked up with sorrow.  "Lord general."
"Regent."
She seemed pained by the title.  "It should not be mine.  If only tragedy would cease to befall us, Virgo may rise again."
"Between only ourselves, I am glad it is you and not Secretary Domos."  Dane looked at him with surprise that he might speak ill of the recent dead.  "Your temperament is best suited for such a position I believe."
They walked through the corridors and Fae said, "The high secretary of Virgo, robbed and murdered in an alley.  Have you spoken to the constable of the Watch?"
"I have not, but I will."
The pair stopped by a window which looked to the north.  On a hill in the distance stood Banburgh Castle.  As they looked, Major Etel came to them.  "General, leader."
Graeme corrected, "The Parlement has just voted Leader Dane the regent for King Williame."
Paityn's eyebrows rose and she bowed.  "Apologies, regent."
She shook her head and waved her hand dismissively.  "Please.  Do not concern yourselves with such pageantry."  She turned to speak to an aide while Ryder motioned for Etel to come closer to him.
"My investigation proved fruitful."
"Excellent, sir."
"The man you are looking for is Bradley Kimballe.  Until the Battle of Hadrian, he was in the King's Guard."
The major was stunned.  "He conspired against the queen?"
"Yes."  Ryder glanced out the window and said, "Find him and kill him.  Let him speak to no one."
Etel moved closer still and stood between the general and the view.  "We are not to arrest him?"
"Think of the pain such a trial might bring.  Two former soldiers, embittered against our monarchy to the point of treason and assassination.  So soon after the deaths of both King Edgar and Queen Everleigh, the … senseless murder of the high secretary."  He shook his head.  "I do not believe the people could bear the strain."
"You are likely right, lord general."  She snapped to attention and saluted.  "I shall see to it myself."
"Thank you, major."  
As Etel departed, Dane drew closer again.  "Is all well?"
"No," Graeme said, "but not worse."
"That is good."  
Ryder looked at the older woman and said, "Now that you are regent, how shall you repair this broken Empire?"
"I would say the Empire is not broken, general.  Yet it is cracked."  Dane looked at the castle and said, "I will give the people comfort in traditions and the symbols of our past greatness.  Hopefully, that may salve many wounds."
"It may.  Yet what of our financial situation?"
"We will likely pause some of the reconstruction projects, but there is other income that lies in wait.  We must reestablish firmer relations with our colony worlds and bring what new wealth we find in either resources or in trade home."
"That may draw the ire of the Leonans."
She tilted her head.  "More than keeping the son of their king here on Virgo?"
"Perhaps not."
"General," Dane said, "draw up plans for the defense of our home and our territories.  I have no intention to wage war, yet given the circumstances of the day, war may yet find us."
"I will, regent."
Ryder bowed and walked away.  With her orders, he realized that Domos' plans were going to come to fruition after all.
XXVIII
GERVASE
1,038 Years After Colonization

"They have murdered the queen!"
"Their own queen …"
"She was the queen consort of our king!"
"And she was beloved by both Queen Arleth and the people …"
"But she was still theirs …"
"They have kept Prince Williame!"
"It is an abduction!"
Gervase had been leaned back in the throne as far as he could and staring toward the ceiling, through the ring of the large, jeweled, white ceramic crown decoration that hung from the beams of the palace.  Finally, he brought his head forward and he was somewhat dizzied by the blood rush.  
"Enough!"  The advisors and other members of the court stopped their bickering and turned toward the king.  "You are all trying my patience with your snapping and fighting!  Speak to me, in turn!"  He pointed at Chancellor Alois.  "You."
"Your majesty, Queen Everleigh was assassinated by a member of the Virgo Army, their new, standing army.  This was a coup and …"
Gervase shrugged.  "Why should I care?"
The advisors looked at each other and Alois answered, "She was your wife."
"And they have abducted your son, your majesty," the high priest said.
The king sighed and slumped in his throne again.  I don't care.  I didn't want to marry her.  I didn't want to have a son.  Not yet, anyway.  Gervase thought for a moment and finally decided to just say it.  "I don't care."
A few of the members of the court gasped.  "Your majesty," the seneschal said, "how can you say this?"
"It was not good for us to mix with the Virgans anyway, you know?"  He sat up straight and looked at the chancellor, "In fact, Alois, I want to decree that future kings and queens of Leo may only associate with their own kind.  Eh?"  He looked across their faces.  "Nobles from Leo.  No more mixing.  The Assembly will pass that, I am sure."  He smiled and nodded his head once as though that had solved all their problems.
"And what of the prince?" someone asked.
"Eh."  He waved his hand and sighed.  "Alois, you were going to work with my mother to remove me from the line of succession, yes?"
Nervously, the old man said, "It was an idle threat, your majesty."
"Still, you said it could be done."
"Yes, your majesty."
"Then it is settled.  We will remove Williame from the line and I will produce new issue at some time in the future."  Again, he nodded and leaned back as though everything was settled.
At such callousness, the room went quiet.  
After a slight clearing of her throat, Grand Constable Tayler said, "Your majesty, from a political and military position, we must not let this go unchallenged.  Either the murder of the queen or the abduction of the prince.  It could be perceived as weakness, both on Virgo and on Leo."  Gervase grunted and pouted.  "Our old enemy may see us as unwilling to fight and try to take advantage."
"Fine," the king mumbled.
"I advise caution, your majesty," the grand cofferer said.  "Our financial state is only now recovering.  If we wage a full war against the Virgan Empire, the spoils of such a war may not be sufficient."
Gervase groaned and stood from the throne.  "I have said I do not care."  He walked down the steps and looked at each member of the court in the eye.  "If we need more money, take it from our colonies."  He looked at Tayler, "If you want to send the Virgans a message, attack their colonies.  I do not want more war here, on Leo.  That means no war on Virgo.  Do you understand?"
The advisors nodded and bowed, "Yes, your majesty."
"Do whatever you wish."  He waved his hand and when they did not leave, he barked, "Leave!  Get out!"  The room cleared except for two servants and four guards.  He scanned them all and said, "Guards, leave."  They looked at each other and departed.  Gervase looked at the male servant and said, "Go."  After he left, the king walked toward the woman who stood against the wall with her head held low.  
She was small and she kept her limbs close to herself, making her seem even smaller.  Gervase put a finger under her chin and lifted her face up until he could see in her eyes.  They were large and pale brown, a color that somehow matched the shade of her skin.  This intrigued him and he smiled.
"You are a lovely girl."
She swallowed hard and softly answered, "Thank you, your majesty."
"Where are you from?"
"Sagittarius, your majesty."
"Ah, a beautiful world I hear."  He stroked her cheek and put a hand on her arm.  She tensed and he shook his head, "Shhh.  Do not fear."  He looked into her eyes again and smiled.  "Were you one of the hill people, hm?  Did you grow up in a cold cave?"
"No, your majesty."  He leaned closer and sniffed her.
"One of the valleys then."
"Yes, your majesty."
"You smell different.  Different in a good way.  Before I die, I hope to visit all of the worlds through their women."  He straightened and smiled.  "You are not my first Sagittarian, though you are the most beautiful."
A grin briefly flashed across her face and she lowered her head.  
He used his finger to raise it again.  "Come, girl.  Would you like to sit on the throne?"
Her eyes widened and he led her toward the steps.  "The throne?"
"Yes.  You will sit on the throne," he lifted her hand to his mouth and kissed it, "and I will lick your thighs and then give you an ecstasy your people could not."  Haltingly, he helped her up the steps and turned her to face him once they were on the main platform.  "And after that, I will frak you," he tapped his crown and said, "because I am the king."
XXIX
DOMOS
Unknown Years Before Activation

Wynton stood in the darkness and felt liquid cascading down his front.  He looked down and saw blood.
He panicked. He began to pat his chest and then shoulders.  Finally, he reached toward his throat and felt the wound there.  A gaping slit.  Blood still spurted from it and then he felt the warm, moist air from his own split trachea breathing against his hand.  He cried out but found that he had no voice.
"You are devious," a voice said.
"A true conspirator."
Domos turned toward the voices and found nothing.  "Who are you?" he asked.  As soon as the words left his mouth, he reached up toward his throat again and felt no wound or wetness at all.
"Edgar was mad so your conspiracy against him could easily remain hidden."
"Your denials could be plausible."
"But Everleigh," the voice laughed, "that was masterful."
"Not so masterful," the secretary said.  "I was killed for it."
"Perhaps at the end.  We're talking about your earlier scheme."
"Earlier?"
"You cannot deceive us.  We are speaking of your scheme to either kill her or get her to flee Virgo in the first place."
"Edgar never mentioned her.  Never threatened her.  He hired no assassin, yet you did."
Domos stared into the blackness and asked, "Who are you to know the truth that only I know?"
"Do not concern yourself with us."
The other voice said, "You got her out of the way long enough to accomplish your aims of strengthening the Great Council."
"And your own position."
Wynton turned and shook his head.  "No.  I was not interested in power for myself."
"That's … not exactly true, is it?"
"You wanted power, but you just didn't want to be the public face of it."
The secretary considered this.
"How would you react if I said that you would have been named regent for King Williame if you weren't killed?"
Domos looked to one side and the possibilities flooded his mind.
"I see."
"I said nothing."  Wynton raised his arms in a pleading fashion.  "I do not understand."
"You felt it.  You felt the rush of power and the desire for it."
"Perhaps I did," he said.  "But I did not get it, so it matters not."
A voice laughed.  "You had great power for all your life and you gathered more by manipulating others."
"By taking advantage of those around you and beneath you," the other voice said.
Wynton took a deep breath and nodded.  "Such is the way of politics."
"Such is the way of humanity."

END OF BOOK FOUR



I
DUALLA
Unknown Years Before Activation

She stood in the foyer of her home and looked around once.  She held her canvas bag tighter and turned to the door.  As she reached for the handle, it opened, and there stood her father.
"Where are you going?"
Anastasia looked up at him and her head quivered a little.  She had almost managed to avoid this conversation.  Or, at least, delay it.  "I signed the papers.  I'm leaving."
He shook his head and entered the home.  After closing the door, he said, "No.  We already talked about this …"
"You talked.  I was forced to listen."
He glared at her.  "Because there's nothing you can say.  The situation is settled.  You will not be joining the military."
"I am.  I signed the papers.  In the eyes of the federal government, I'm an adult so …"
"I don't care about the government!"  She shrank a little at his volume, but he made no move toward her.  "We have strong, powerful beliefs."  Dee had begun to shake her head and he continued without seeing it, "The military goes against all of them!"
She swallowed hard and said with a thin voice.  "I don't share your beliefs."
Now her father shrank from her words.  His eyes widened and he leaned against the wall.  "What?"
"I'm sorry, but I shouldn't be surprised that you've been too stubborn to see it."
Rage flashed across his eyes and he righted himself.  "Go to your room and pray about the things you've said."
"Dad, I just said I don't believe.  Talking to myself won't change that."  He remained towering above her and he seemed on the verge of either yelling or crying.  "I see that I do need something to believe in.  That's why I signed up.  If I don't find it there, I'll try something else."
He raised his hands and formed quaking fists.  "Do you have any idea what you're doing to me?!"
She backed toward the door and nodded.  "I do."
"Betrayal has such a powerful grip on the mind.  It's almost like a python."
Dee sat down and watched the commander brush stain on the wooden deck of his model ship.
"It can squeeze out all other thought, suffocate all other emotion, until everything is dead, except for the rage."
Dualla cocked her head and watched the brush in Adama's hand.  She sensed the familiarity.  She knew this was a memory.
"I'm not talking about anger.  I'm talking about rage."
In the pause that followed, she said, "You asked to talk to me, sir.  Maybe because you don't think I'd have anything to say."
The commander glared at her.  "You're jumping ahead."
Suddenly, Dee realized this wasn't just a memory.  This was something else.  
As Adama brushed the railings of his ship, he said, "I talk about a rage a bit longer and then you talk about broken promises."  He looked at her and said, "Right?"
She nodded.  "Right."
"And then you said something to me that fit the moment."  He placed the brush back on the table just so.  "'It's time to heal the wounds.'"
She nodded.  "I remember."
"Why did you never take your own advice?"
Dualla went still.  She thought for a few seconds and then said, "I don't understand."
"Your wounds."  He picked up a small cloth and wiped his fingers.  "Your wounds run deep."
"No.  No, they don't."
"Yeah.  They do."
She saw Lee removing his uniform jacket from a hanger.  "Where are you going?  I thought you were off duty."
The younger Adama glanced at her and smiled.  "I am, yeah.  I'm just gonna stop by the bar for a little while."
Heat flashed into her face and she squared her shoulders.  "If you're going to see Kara, just admit it."
For a moment, Lee looked stunned, but then he said, "There it is."
Dee was confused.  "What?"
"Rage," Bill Adama said.  "I can feel it …" he brought his hand to his chest, "right here.  You can, too, I bet."
Standing in her and Lee's quarters, she said, "I'm angry."
"No, that's rage."  The commander stood up from behind the model.  "For a moment, it pushed everything away.  Even your love for Lee."
"You have wounds," Lee said.  "Open wounds.  You never let yourself acknowledge them."
As Dualla shook her head, her father said, "I saw them in you, when you were young.  I didn't talk about it with you."
"I didn't see it," Bill said.
Stifling tears, Lee nodded.  "Me either."
"You were always there for us," Bill put his hand on her shoulder.  "You were a kind ear and sometimes a conscience."
"You were my wife," Lee said.  "And I didn't appreciate you.  I couldn't love you back the way you loved me, but I didn't stop myself from being with you, from inserting myself into your life and heart.  I should have."
"You listened," her father began, "and you took care of the house after your mother died."  He chuckled, "You tried and tried to get her tomato soup recipe right and you did, eventually.  But the whole time, no matter what you were doing or trying to do, I could see you hurting.  You denied it."  He knelt before her and took her hands in his.  "You … always had to be positive.  You always had to be the one who fixes our problems."
Lee smiled, "You did when we were on the Pegasus.  And after, when I didn't even know who or what I wanted to be."
"You did when the fleet was split," Bill said.  "When we needed to bring home our children."
Dee saw that they were all in a black room without a visible floor or walls.  They were illuminated but there were no beams of light.  "I want to help."
"Of course you do," Lee said.  "But at what cost?"
The admiral embraced her.  "Your wounds festered until the sickness was ready to take you."  He sighed and withdrew.  "You needed just one last push."
She shook her head and said with exasperation, "What wounds?"  
Her father smiled.  "I'm glad to see that the military hasn't driven all the stubborn, pig-headed, Sagittaran nature out of you."
She was alone.  The sky was washed out and gray.  Ruins lined the coast and the cold sea broke upon the shore.  The ground beneath her was dark, sick.  She bent low and her fingers retrieved an ancient metal jack.
Dualla's breathing quickened and she began to mutter.  "Just don't give up.  Don't give up.  Don't fall apart."
"The scab's been picked," the admiral said.
"Your wounds are exposed now," Lee said.
Her father took the jack from her and dropped it.  He then held her hands tightly.  "Anastasia, look at me."  Shaking, she looked up into his dark eyes and he gave her a kind smile.  "You've felt insecure about yourself all of your life.  Because of me.  Because of the death of your mother.  Because of where you came from and how you felt you didn't fit in.  So you put up a wall.  It was a kind, helpful, positive wall and everyone who saw it appreciated it and welcomed it when they needed it."  The Adamas both put their hands on her back.  "But behind the wall, the sun began to set," he began to cry, "and you couldn't see the light."
She sensed something over her shoulder.  When she turned to look, she saw only her locker door and the mirror that hung there.  Her face was smiling as she hung her jewelry and then her visage became serious.  Quickly, she withdrew her sidearm and placed its barrel against the side of her head.
Dee yelped and turned away.  Again, she felt the hands of everyone on her, holding her close.  In the protection of their warmth, she looked up and saw their smiling faces.
The admiral said, "You needed time to heal.  We would've helped."
She glanced toward the blackness.  "Maybe I didn't want to heal.  Maybe the wounds … and my way of hiding them are just who I am."
II
ADDINI
895 Years After Colonization

The sun was still rising behind the Tall Mountains, but the light covered the sky and filled the First Step all the way to the Long Valley.  Paths wound between fields on either side and high rock walls rose toward peaks.  Sturdy, rounded homes were set against the walls to protect against floods and high winds.
The people of Gobir were at work.  Men and women tended to their crops which neared the time of harvest.  Younger children played but older children helped their parents.  The Addini family was different, however.  
Fara was the priestess of the village, the firist.  Before the end of the night, she was awake and waving her staff over the green food that still grew and chanting incantations.  Her husband, Dawi, was a trader.  He often traveled up or down the Great River to ply the wares of the village and bring new items back.  He usually took his oldest son, Shekarau, but this season, he had promised his fifteen-year-old daughter, Tanoma, that she could go.  The journey sometimes took a couple of months, so it was no small matter.  While Dawi and Tanoma packed their cart and secured the load in the early light of day, Shekarau cradled the baby.  Auta was the surprise and certainly the last that the Addini family would expect.  With the daughter going on the journey, the seventeen-year-old brother would be tasked with much of the child's care.  He did not admit it, but he looked forward to this.
"My husband," the mother said.  "If you wish to reach the River by night, you should leave soon."
Dawi smiled.  "Are you in a hurry?"  He turned to face her as she removed her ceremonial headdress.  She placed it on the top of her staff and smiled.  "Do you wish me gone so you may take a lover?"
He laughed and hugged her as she said, "Shhh."  This was their private joke and she didn't want the children to hear.  "I do not want you to go.  The months grow longer with each trip of yours."
"I feel the same."  He kissed her neck and stood straight.  He looked into her eyes and touched her cheek.  "There are times that I wish I could stop being a trader."
She pulled his large hand to her chest and sighed.  "You needn't wish.  Kyawo is always asking for Shekarau's help.  Work for her in full.  Stay."
He looked at the cart and saw that Tanoma had finished strapping everything in place.  She was beaming and gathering things for her satchel.  "We can discuss it when we get back.  At the moment, I am thinking this may be the last journey."
"I will pray that Gizo not hear you."  She pulled her staff closer and dreaded the goodbye.  "And I will pray to Gajjimare that he may hold back the winter until your return."
He kissed her forehead.  "I know when you begin to talk about your work that it is time to go."
Fara lowered her head.  "I mean it, truly."
"I know.  But you use it as a shield against your sadness, too."  He hugged her.  "I wish I could do that."
They stood, quietly, and swayed in each other's arms for more than a minute.  As they both sniffed and wiped their eyes, they waved toward the children.  Tanoma arrived first and embraced her mother.  "I will miss you, uwa."
"And I will miss you, kyau daya."
Shekarau was holding the baby close and he hugged his father.  "Be careful, uba."
"I will."  He leaned over and kissed the baby's head.  "Take care of this one.  And your mother."
"I will.  I love you."  They hugged again and Tanoma hugged her brother's waist.  "I will miss you, mitsitsi."
Playfully, she punched her brother's arm.  After she kissed the baby, she turned to her mother and hugged her again.
The Addini stood together, holding each other, for several minutes.  Finally and wordlessly, they broke up.  The father and daughter went to the cart and fastened it to the small donkey.  The mother and sons stood in the center of the path and watched as they pulled away from the stable and began to travel down toward the valley.  Before the cart was out of sight, the traditional exchange took place.
Dawi and Fara locked eyes over the long distance.  The husband raised his arm and held it still.  He called out, "I love you, my wife!"
The wife raised her arm and yelled back, "I love you, my husband!"
And then the father and daughter disappeared over the crest of the hill.
The priestess turned to her son and laid her head on the tall boy's chest.  He rubbed her back and she looked down into the dozing face of her baby.  The child unconsciously stuck his tongue out from his lips and Fara smiled.
III
PITT
895 Years After Colonization

The currents of the river were deceptive.  The wide waterway seemed to move slowly, but it was swift and could carry a large boat far.  So the Duke of Sagittarius, Cenric Pitt, discovered.
"Get us to the shore," he ordered.
Underlings scrambled and he continued to stare into the mountains south of the river's banks.  He saw more villages there and wondered about them.
"Makau," he called.  "Here."
A shirtless young man, Makau stood beside the Virgan.  He kept his head low and his hands crossed in front of himself.  "My lord."
Cenric had only been on the planet for seven months.  In that time, he managed to teach the first native he saw the Virgan language and bend him to his will.  Now there were villages all along the river, both in the mountains and not, working for the queen.
"These villages," he pointed into the mountains, "do you know them?"  He spoke loudly and plainly.
Makau squinted in the midday sun and then turned to check the bend of the river, the locations of other peaks, what the mountains north of the river looked like.  Finally, he nodded and said, "Yes, my lord.  Rano and Kano.  Farming villages."
"They are all farming villages, Makau.  Your sort know little else."  Finally, the ship drifted closer to the shore and scraped against the underside of the hull.  "Excellent.  Lower planks!"
Minutes later, the duke, his attendants, and twenty soldiers in chainmail with blue jerkins and pants were disgorged on the lush, green, south side of the river, and began to walk many kilometers into the foothills of the mountains.  
Hours later, panting and sweating, overweight Cenric fanned himself with his hat and stood on the path that led to Rano.  From this position against a rockface, he saw many hectares of crops and dozens of homes.  People worked in the fields and on the hillsides while carts wheeled goods into a cave where he assumed storehouses lay.
"Makau," he said, "let us find their leaders."
Backed by his soldiers, the duke walked down the path.  He heard the gasps of people in the crops.  Surprise, no doubt, at his attire.  Brightly colored blue and pure white thread seemed to be in short supply here.  Plus, the metal that made up his buttons and the items at his waist.  The people of Rano appeared to be much like the others in the mountains.  They were dressed in light fabrics made up of natural tones.  The brightest colors were orange and red, and few people had anything like that.
A taller woman wearing a headdress and carrying a staff approached them first.  He stood still for a moment until a stout woman came by.  She wore a kind of shawl over her shoulders with a stripe of yellow.  She bowed to the strangers and then to Makau.
Pitt smiled and said, "Introduce me."
Speaking their language, Makau said, "This is the Duke of Sagittarius, Lord Cenric Pitt.  He has come to claim your lands in the name of the ruler of Virgo, Queen Beverley."
While the leaders of Rano did not understand most of that, they certainly understood, "claim your lands."  The priestess drew back and held her staff above her head.  Most of the soldiers raised their rifles.
With a discreet hand behind his back, Pitt ordered his men and women to lower their weapons.  "Ask the firist about their gods.  Who they worship."
Makau quickly sighed and faced the priest.  He had seen this conversation before and he knew the answers would be no different.  "The duke wishes to know who you worship."
The firist cocked her head and answered, "Sarkin Jangare.  Gajjimare.  Kuri.  All the iskoki of the world.  Do you not know this?"
Makau turned his head toward Cenric without looking up at him.  "The spirits."
The duke nodded.  "She does not know Jupiter or Zeus?  The god of the sky who is the leader of all?"
Makau asked this and the priestess shook her head.  "I do not know these names.  Gajjimare is the spirit of the storms, but he is not the all-powerful."
The translator reported this and Pitt shook his head.  "A shame.  Another village so far removed from our history that they dwell in sin, absent from the gaze of the Pantheon."  He looked at the shorter woman and asked, "Is this the leader?"
"Yes," Makau said.
"Tell her we will rest here tonight."  He looked toward the larger structures and said, "There.  Is that the temple?"
Makau looked and then asked a question.  After the leader answered, he said, "No.  It is the village meeting house."
"Good.  I could not abide another night in a house of evil."  Cenric and his Virgans marched down the path toward the buildings.  The people of Rano stared and gawked as they passed.  The commander, Captain Nellwyn Welche, ran to his side.
"Are we not going to establish ourselves before the people first?"
The duke did not look at her.  "I'd rather not.  I am tired and would prefer an evening's rest before our journey back to the river."
Welche looked back at Makau and saw the animated argument between the translator and the priestess.  "You may not have the luxury."
Pitt looked and then yelled, "Makau!"
The translator immediately ran to his side and lowered his head.  "My lord."  
"Do not bicker with the natives."  The duke turned and walked the final few meters to the entrance of the large structure.  It was wooden and rounded like many of the others here, but this one appeared to be fortified with bricks or stone.  A man stood outside the entrance with a long, curved harvesting blade.  "Tell him to step aside."
Makau walked toward him and said, "I beg you.  Do as they ask and they will not harm anyone."
The man looked at the twenty Virgans with their metal clothing and carrying their strange sticks.  "This is a holy place.  What do they ask?"
"They wish to stay in the meeting house for the night."  When he hesitated to respond, Makau added, "Please."
Finally, the man nodded.  "Go."  Once he stepped aside, the Virgans entered.
The interior of the meeting house was dim, illuminated by a few torches and reflected upward with painted panels of white.  The high ceiling was like a rotunda formed by the many thousands of dried, brown reeds or branches that made up the walls.  Green vines wound around the whole room and some of the branches that stretched from the ground to the ceiling had been painted red, white, yellow, and orange.  
Cenric studied the room and smiled.  He liked the natural beauty of the place.  He looked at wooden floor and noted the dozens of pillows arranged in rings that faced the innermost wall.  "Give me a few of those."
Captain Welche didn't want to sit.  She slid three pillows toward the duke with her foot.  While she paced the room, the middle-aged man stacked the pillows and rested on the floor with a large exhale.  She walked to the side of her serjeant and said, "Four men at the door."
"Yes, captain."
As the soldiers moved, she walked back to the side of Pitt.  "What are we to do?"
He opened his eyes and looked at her gamely.  "Rest."  He closed his eyes again and took deep breaths.  After a moment, he realized that she hadn't moved.  "What is it?"
"There is work to be done before we may consider this village secure."
The duke shook his head and sat up.  "Very well, captain."  He looked around the meeting house and his eyes landed on a pedestal at the center of the far wall.  It was about one meter high and vibrantly painted with an agricultural motif.  As he rolled over and began to stand, Cenric saw that the pedestal was made of stone.
He walked toward it and placed his hands on the side.  It was definitely stone and the pigment came off on his fingers.  He rubbed his hands together and looked at the bunch of vegetables, grasses, stalks, fruits, and more stacked on top.  Seeing the size and shape of the pedestal from this angle, he knew what it was.
"My gods."
He began to pull the food away and he felt something wet and sticky.  He looked at his fingers and saw that it was blood.  Enraged, he swept all the food off the top and looked at the center of the pedestal.  In the circular pit, the metal cylinder remained, and it had been filled nearly to the top with a dark liquid.  Cautiously, he dipped his finger in it.  Feeling the same wet stickiness, he brought it to his nose and recognized it.
Blood.
He gripped the sides and breathed heavily.  His muscles tensed with anger and the captain saw this.  "What is it, my duke?"
He huffed and stood up.  He backed away and gestured toward it.  "This is a Stone of Kobol."  
Welche's eyes widened and she slowly leaned toward it.  Her fingers ran along the unpainted stone on top and she looked into the cylinder.  "A what?"
"The birthright of Virgo."
Nellwyn straightened.  Not being a high noble or member of the high clergy, she had never heard of this.  "My lord, I do not understand."
Pitt glared at the young woman and said, "The Stones were a gift from the gods!  These animals have befouled it!"  He huffed and calmed himself a little.  "It is filled with blood from some heathen ceremony.  Jupiter may well strike them from this world," he began to stalk out of the meeting house, "or he may use me for his will."
He blinked quickly in the sunlight and once he regained his sight, he saw hundreds of Rano villagers waiting outside for the strangers.  They backed away when he emerged so quickly.  "Makau!"
The little man had been standing behind him the entire time.  "Yes, my lord."
"Where is the priestess?"
Makau saw her and said, "Firist."
The taller woman came forward and looked from the translator to the duke.  Cenric raised his bloodstained fingers and said, "Ask her where this blood came from."
Makau did and then reported the answer, "A goat.  There was a ceremony this morning to bless the harvest, which is coming soon."
Anger rose in him again and he quaked as he yelled, "Soldiers!"  All twenty Virgan troops stepped forward and toward the lord.  The people of the village looked from one face to the other in terrified uncertainty.  "I want her on her knees."
Four soldiers moved to the side of the priestess and Makau shouted at her in their language, "Get on your knees!  Please!  Do what he says!"
The firist was confused and she tried to stand her ground, but the others managed to force her down.  Once her knees met the matted grass, Pitt stepped forward and wiped the dark red blood on her forehead.  "There.  Now you will be a sacrifice."  He backed away and looked toward Welche.  "Firist of Rano, you have blasphemed the Lords of Kobol.  May Pluto do with you what he will.  Captain."
With the four soldiers still holding her in place, Welche stepped forward with her sidearm.  She aimed it at the priestess' forehead who studied the weapon in confusion.  When it fired, the sound echoed throughout the hillside and it was quickly followed by the screams of hundreds.  Now lacking the rear part of her skull, the priestess slumped to the ground.
"Captain," Cenric wiped his fingers on the side of his pants, "I want you to gather them and tell Makau to order them to do what we will, lest more of them end as their priestess did."
"Yes, my duke."
"And signal the ship that we have a special cargo for them."  He looked inside the meeting house and said, "After our men have cleaned it, it is to be taken back to Virgo as a gift for the queen, with my compliments."
"And where will you be, lord?"
He sighed and surveyed the small plateau.  "There, at the edge, looking toward the river.  I will be in prayer and asking for the Pantheon's guidance."

The following days in Rano and Kano were dark and filled with fear.  There was little sleep to be had thanks to the wailing of the families and children, and the gunfire of soldiers as some villagers made a run for it.  A small squad of soldiers were left behind to wait for reinforcements from the landing zone far in the west.  The duke took plenty of food, though.  The boat of Virgans would be well fed as they continued their trek down the river.
It was midday and Pitt sat under an angled piece of canvas.  He held a bowl of broth flavored by vegetables grown on Sagittarius.  He looked toward the prow of the ship and at the people there.  "Makau," he said.
The man kept his head low and walked across the deck.  "Yes, my lord?"
He pointed at a small box.  "Sit with me.  Eat."  Silently, the native walked to the steaming pot by the stern and took a bowl.  A soldier poured a couple of ladles of the broth into the bowl and Makau returned to the duke's side.  He raised a spoon of it to his lips, but Cenric stopped him.  "Now, Makau.  What do we do at the start of any meal?"
Fearful, he said, "We pray for the blessings of the Lords of Kobol, my lord."
"Very good.  Let me hear you say it."  He raised his head and looked down on the thick, curly hair of this man he had captured months back.
He swallowed hard and said in a weak voice, "Bless us, oh Jupiter, and these your gifts, which we are about to receive.  May the Pantheon watch us and guide us through the strength we gain from your bounty.  So say we all."
Pitt nodded.  "So say we all."  He sipped the broth and said, "I continue to be amazed at your capacity for learning, Makau.  And not simply our language, which you have seemingly mastered in so brief a span.  Perhaps my initial assessment of your people has been in error."
Makau had just finished another spoon of the broth.  He learned months ago to not speak unless he was spoken to, and yet the duke was speaking to him.  "A question, my lord."
Cenric's eyebrows raised.  "Please."
"What was your assessment of my people?"
"That you were like Virgans in many ways, yet that you were also backward.  Stunted in your growth.  Perhaps the long, harsh winters of these mountains and valleys has stymied it.  The way your villages are separated … I am sure your isolation has held your people back."  He sipped from his spoon again.  "Your time on this world has given rise to some physical characteristics, you know.  Shorter, stockier folk reside in the mountains.  Taller, thinner folk with darker skin along the river.  Ignorant of the past and the knowledge around you.  Letting women rule your villages."  He shook his head, "Some of you rinsed your mouths with urine to whiten your teeth, after all.  Being as disposed toward agriculture as your people have been for nearly a millennium, I had believed that your minds could not handle such advanced thought.  You alone, Makau, are making me consider again all that I had reported."
The translator held his spoon above the bowl, still.  His head was low so the duke could not see how wounded he felt.  It was imperative for Makau that he learn Virgan and do whatever Pitt willed.  Back in his home village of Daura, the one nearest the landing site of the colonizers, soldiers held his wife and children.  The duke made it clear that if Makau did not go with him, his family would be killed.  It was an empty threat and a confusing one until everyone saw what a Virgan rifle could do.  A farmer with a long harvesting knife was the first one slain; an example for all of Daura.  In his mind, no minute could pass without Makau recalling the ungodly sound of the rifle, or the sight of the bloodied and dying farmer, or the fear in his family's faces as those same weapons were pointed at them while he left them behind.
"What is near, Makau?"
He lifted his head and studied the mountains and the bend of the river.  "There are two rivers ahead that join just away from the south shore and flow into the Great River as one.  I know a large village lies between the two, but I know little of it.  Beyond that village, I am unsure of the tongues most would speak."
"Mmm."  Cenric lifted his bowl and drank the rest of the broth.  "We have traveled a great distance, Makau.  I should not be surprised that your knowledge has limits."
It was nightfall when they came upon the rushing river that flowed into the main channel.  The boat anchored and they rested there.  Once the sun rose, the duke and his party set out along the smaller river, and after a few kilometers, they saw a village raised above the ground on stilts and nestled in the crook of a confluence.  A calm stream flowed from the south along flatlands while the rushing river was revealed to descend from the foothills of the mountains.
Fishermen and farmers saw the approach of the strangers.  Youngsters in the fields ran toward the huts and shacks in the village, hiding among the posts of the stilts, and by the time the Virgan party reached the footbridge to cross into it, more than a hundred had gathered.
Pitt said, "There is no need to change what has worked well before.  Introduce us."
The translator sighed and stepped toward the older woman who wore brightly colored skins and a metallic necklace.  "This is the Duke of Sagittarius, Lord Cenric Pitt.  He has come to claim your lands in the name of the ruler of Virgo, Queen Beverley."
The chief raised up and angry chattering rustled through the crowd.  "He cannot do this," she said in their language.
The duke ignored her and said to Makau, "Ask her what this place is."  So he did.
Defiant, the chief squared her shoulders and raised her jaw.  "Tawa."
"'Tawa?'" the lord asked.  "Does that have a meaning?"
Makau translated, "'Mine.'"
"Oh, a mine," Cenric said.  He looked around and smiled.  "Very attractive.  I believe we shall establish ourselves here.  Permanently."
IV
DURANT
895 Years After Colonization

"Do you smell that, Captain Voclan?"
The younger man turned and sniffed.  "I do not, major."
"How many worlds have you visited?"
"Other than Leo, this is my first."
Major Cateline Durant turned away from the window and said, "Leo smells like home, of course.  Lush, green plants.  The chlorophyl, you know.  The ozone after a storm.  Leo smells fresh."  She walked around her desk and approached a display of swords on the wall.  "Virgo, I am told, smells similar to Leo, except for the presence of a faint oil in the air.  It is not foul, but it is noticeable.  That's what makes the world blue."
"Yes, major."
"Taurus smells like, well, dirt.  Minerals.  Dry clay.  There is little moisture in most places.  No flowers.  Few trees.  The absence of the smell of plant life is haunting."  Her finger stroked the blade of the sword she had been gifted when she returned from her stint on Taurus.  "It makes you ache for home."  Her finger moved to a different sword.  "Gemini depends on where you are.  Near what remains of their forest, it is like Leo and yet somehow sweeter.  At the sea, there is the smell of salt with an odd undercurrent not unlike leather.  I've not yet visited Pisces.  Perhaps one day."  She turned and looked at the captain with her hands behind her back.  "What do you smell on Sagittarius?"
"When I am not near the men who take the natives' fumarella plant by pipe?"  
"Not fumarella.  And I would suggest avoiding that smoke."  
Ansel Voclan sniffed again and said, "Moisture."
"Yes, but not simply moisture.  Moldy."  Her mouth contorted as she continued, "Saturated.  Decaying.  Like overturned moss after a storm where the ground sat under a puddle.  The world is sickly with this smell."  Durant walked toward him and sat in the other chair in front of her desk.  "Do you know why I was given this command?"
"I am afraid that I am ignorant of your record, major, except to say that you came by your rank honestly."  A slang phrase among the enlisted, mostly, meaning she was not given a rank due to a regal title.
She smiled.  "I did.  I first became an officer after I saved the life of a particularly ill-equipped baron on Taurus during a revolt.  I have demonstrated, in that and other battles, an ability to accomplish what some may deem impossible.  But I also have a capacity to learn languages and I have learned the tongue of these pagans.  Do you know our tasks here, captain?"
Ansel paused for a moment and then said, "Only that we are to deny the Virgans a sure foothold on this world."
Cateline nodded.  "That is fair.  But we have also been tasked with creating a channel of supplies from this world back to both Alpha and Beta."
"I see, major.  I was not privy …"
"Do not apologize."  She stood and walked toward the door of her office.  "Come with me."
Once the captain joined her, she opened the door and the pair left the small, hastily constructed building.  They now walked down the main path of the Leonan encampment on the shores of the ocean.  
"Your elevation to captain was a surprise to you," Durant said.  "More a surprise to Captain Elern."  The young man glanced at her and didn't know if he should laugh at such dark humor.  "I do not expect you to know everything, but I do expect you to learn quickly and act quickly.  Is that understood?"
Voclan straightened to attention and saluted, "Yes, major."
"At ease.  Look out to sea."  It was night and the waves were calm and the stars shone brightly above, including the radiant Helios Delta, their sister star, above the eastern horizon.  Nearer the sea, an orange glow immediately drew the eye.  "Do you know what that is?"
"The volcano offshore."
"Yes.  The natives call it Dutse Wuta, the 'Fire Mountain.'  To them, it is not a geological point of interest.  It is the manifestation of an evil on their world.  One that challenges them in their daily lives and sends spirits and illnesses on those deserving of their wrath."
"Major," Ansel began, "how long have you been here?"
"I landed with the first ships some ten months ago."
"And you know their language, their ways, so soon?"
Durant shrugged.  "I treat Sagittarius as I would a battle.  I must know the terrain.  I must know the ways of my foe.  My weapons and theirs.  Here, the natives are the enemy and the past is their strength.  In order to accomplish my goals, I must remove that strength from them."
"Forgive me, major, but I do not fully understand."
Cateline began to walk away from the sea.  "Come." 
After walking between the barracks and past the various storage buildings, they came to the vast plain that lay between the sea and this spur of what the natives called the Blue Mountains.  The plain was gridded with long stretches of metal fencing and within each square stood dozens of wooden and straw huts.  Lights from guard towers shone on them and a few people, natives all, milled about and covered their eyes when the beams reached them.
"In a few square kilometers, we house some five thousand people with more coming.  We feed them, we clothe them.  We speak to them of our gods and the ways of the Pantheon.  But they are separated from all they knew."  Voclan looked at the forty-year-old with her short, brown hair.  "We are in control."
"And a few are taken out to tend the farms in the old villages."
"Correct.  Their villages are ours now and we ensure that no one goes to their own village for work.  This way, they are kept off balance.  They do not go home."
The captain faced her and said, "The other day, I saw a large group of natives being led away from the camps and taken to the shores.  They played in the surf and ate upon the beach."  Durant smiled and nodded.  "What was that for?"
"Before we came, they only knew about duniya, the world.  They had long forgotten their history.  The exodus from Kobol and the colonization of the other worlds.  And them?"  She pointed across the plain at each of the many grids.  "They were all simply the people, mutane.  But they are from many villages.  Gwari, Nupe, Yauri, Kebbi, and others.  So we separate them and tell them they are different."
Ansel nodded.  "By keeping them separate, they cannot join together against us."
"That is true, captain, but there is more."  He looked at her with some surprise and she explained.  "They are clinging to their identities and what little remains of their lives in their home villages.  And we call them people, tribes, according to where they've come from.  'This man is not simply from Gwari, he is Gwari.'  They identify more strongly with it.  And then we stoke the flames with whispers and actions."  She smirked and said, "We say Zamfara is favored to us, so they are allowed to be released for a day's enjoyment at the beach.  The Nupe are better workers, so they are given better rewards.  The Kebbi speak a different language," she shook her head, "so we say they are dirt people and are not worth our time.  The others believe easily because they used to war with the Kebbi themselves."
Voclan nodded as he finally understood.  "You set them against each other."
"Very good, captain.  This camp is temporary, by necessity.  At some point, they will have to go back to the villages, and to ones we make, and run them for us with our oversight.  But we will have planted the seeds we require to keep them forever off balance and wary of their neighbors.  Leo will enjoy the fruit."

Durant sat at her desk, overlooking papers and folders.  The door of her office was open and facing the ocean.  It was calming and a suitable juxtaposition with most of her days here.
"Major," Voclan said before he even entered the door.  "The illness is among the natives."
She put her pen down and took a deep breath.  "Take me to the doctor."
The officers left that section of the camp and walked toward the medical buildings which faced the holding pens.  Inside, Cateline saw Dr. Roul emerging from the building and removing his protective garments.  "Stay back," he said.  "I have not yet washed."
"The captain says the natives have it now."
The doctor nodded.  "I believe so.  They do not welcome me into their camps."
"That will change."  The major crossed her arms over her chest.  "The caporal?"
"It was a near thing, but I believe he will recover.  The antibiotics will help."
"Should he be quarantined further?"
"Yes," Roul said emphatically.  "Everyone in his barracks should be for the time being.  And all are being given the antibiotics preemptively."
"See to that, captain," she said.
"Doctor," the major began, "I did some reading on bacterial meningitis and I found that it should not be as contagious as all that.  What has changed?"
"Well, Doctor Voclan, you are dealing with dozens of men and women, living, eating, and sleeping in close proximity.  I think preemptive medication is the proper course."
Durant nodded.  "I concur, doctor."
"Apologies, but I was asking about the natives.  They were not living and eating so near the caporal."  The major raised an eyebrow and looked toward Roul for the answer.
"Caporal Paris served in the Nupe camp until he fell ill.  That is where the illness spread from."  He shook his head, "I asked him about this, and he said he spat on one of the natives a few days ago."
"Doctor, gather enough doses of medication for the Nupe camp." 
"And what about the Gwari?" Roul asked.  "There are symptoms there, as well."
Cateline thought and said, "Do it.  Meet me at the camp entrance in thirty minutes."  He saluted and walked back inside the medical building.
"Very good of you to read up on the disease, captain."
"Thank you, major."
Durant said, "See to it that the soldiers no longer spit on the natives.  Nor is their spitting on us to be tolerated at all."
"I will see to it."
"And the illness has spread to another grid?"
Voclan nodded.  "The Gwari and Nupe have been seen talking to each other through the fences.  Sharing food."
"Put a stop to that."
"Yes, major."
"And notify the engineers.  New fencing is to be prepared and I want a further separation between each camp.  No fewer than three meters between each grid's fences."
"Yes, major."
A while later, they stood under the wooden arch, surrounded by primitive metal fencing on all sides.  Dr. Roul was behind her, as were four nurses with boxes of medication and several soldiers.
"Open it."
The main path between all the camps was wide and still green.  She looked into each pen as they passed and saw the fields worn to the dirt and sand.  Families of natives came to the fence and hung on, watching as their captors passed them by, partially out of curiosity, partially out of fear, partially out of boredom.
When they reached the gate for the Nupe people, soldiers opened it and they all marched inside.  Guards stepped ahead of the major to form a wall, but many of the people were too ill or tired to try anything.
Durant spoke loudly in their language, "Where is your priestess?  Bring her to me."  As she waited, she looked toward the open door of a hut.  A man lay on the floor there with his neck contorted.  His wife dribbled water on his forehead.
"I am here."
The major looked at the old woman.  She did not seem ill, but she appeared exhausted.
"We have brought something for your people.  A kind of herb.  It will make the sickness leave you and you will heal."
The priestess shook her head.  "We have no need for it.  We have the root for our tea.  The branches to give our fires the holy smoke."  She hesitated and then said, "I do have a request."
Cateline almost chuckled.  "'A request?'  What is it?"
"To cure us, we require a sacrifice to appease the spirits.  Tsirahaku has afflicted my people with pains of the neck.  Sarkin Jangare has given many more headaches.  With the sacrifices to the spirits who are angered against us so near the Fire Mountain, we will be freed."
The major nodded.  "Very well.  What sacrifices to you need?"
The priestess clasped her hands together and bowed.  "A male black goat for Tsirahaku.  Sarkin Jangare requires jewelry and we have gathered what little we have with us.  Both will be burned in the fire.  We will breathe in the smoke and wipe the ash upon our faces."
"Will one goat be enough for all your people?"  The priestess looked away in thought.  "Shall I get you five goats?"
The priestess' eyes widened and she bowed lower.  "Thank you.  May the spirits bless you."
"Here."  She reached to the breast of her dark blue jacket and removed one of her medals.  It had a brightly colored cloth ribbon at the top and a bronze disk beneath it.  "Burn this with your other jewelry to appease Sarkin Jangare."  She tossed it to the priestess and she caught it.
The priestess bowed again, as did many of the other natives nearby.  "Thank you, major."
"Listen to me now," she spoke loudly again and turned so that all the Nupe within earshot could hear her clearly.  "If your sacrifices fail and your spirits are not appeased, your people will die.  Then, you will take the medicine I offer and give thanks to my god of healing, Apollo."  She locked eyes with the priestess and said, "Do you understand?"
The old woman paused.  Durant wondered if it was doubt.  Still, she said, "I do."
The major and then the others turned and left the Nupe camp.  As they walked down the main path, the captain asked, "What was that about?"
"Please get five black, male goats, alive, and deliver them to the priestess."
"I will," Voclan said.  
"And prepare mortuary details.  Many of them are going to die in the next few days."
"I do not understand.  What is happening?"
Cateline smiled.  "Our first major victory."
V
ADDINI
895 Years After Colonization

When the bright blue soldiers of Virgo marched up the path and onto the First Step of the village of Gobir, the people panicked.  Messengers had managed to escape other villages and they were told about the visitors in blue and the evil they brought.  Fara, the priestess, had sacrificed a chicken and a goat.  She prayed to many iskoki, but still the soldiers came.  
Twenty were lined up along the path and they pointed their long sticks at the villagers.  A small woman spoke to a man who appeared to be mutane.  He wore no shirt and wore the simple pants of a farmer.  He kept his head low and was subservient to the woman.
"This is Welche.  She serves the Duke of Sagittarius and your village is now his.  Please do not resist.  I have seen what these people will do."
Fara walked forward and looked only at the bowed head of the translator.  "I am Fara Addini, priestess of Gobir.  She would have us serve this 'duke?'"
The man translated for the captain and then he repeated what she said.  "'You will farm as you have been, but your lands will expand.  You will till and harvest much more, but you will keep only what is needed for the people's survival.  The rest will be sent to Virgo.'"
Fara turned and saw the angry and wary faces of her people.  She looked at the smug expression of the woman and said, "Why should I not call upon Jato or Mai-Ja-Chikki to afflict them with a curse?"
Makau translated this and then Welche and some of the soldiers laughed.  She spoke and he said, "Their gods are stronger and she is not affected by your witchcraft."  Fara grabbed at her necklace and stumbled back.  She had never been spoken to this way.  "She calls on you to renounce the iskoki and take up the gods of the Pantheon."
Fara stood rigid.  Now she looked with disgust at the translator.  "You are a traitor to your people and the spirits.  You will not enter the next world."
Makau sighed and said, "I know."  He translated for the Virgan.  She ordered a soldier to his knees, removed a device from his backpack, and spoke into it.  Then she told him what to say.  "Welche has just called Jupiter, the chief Lord of Kobol.  He commands the sky, the weather, and more.  Soon, you will see the power of their gods when he strikes down with a bolt of lightning like none you've seen before."
The priestess and the other villagers gazed at the overcast sky.  Clouds obscured almost everything, but the day was calm.  There would be no storm.  Birds tweeted in the distance.  Children, unaware of the visitors, yelled and played beyond the fields.  Then, there was a sound above them.  Everyone looked toward what seemed like a distant, deep whisper.  The whisper quietened for a moment before a single shape descended from the clouds.  On a column of smoke and fire, the shape lanced with great speed from the sky and struck the ground two hundred meters away near a rock outcropping.  The explosion deafened them and the villagers cowered.  Most dropped to their knees while dirt and stone still fell from the sky and the plume of smoke continued to rise.
Makau said, "This is the power of the Lords of Kobol.  This is the power of the Virgo and of the duke."
Fara did not bow before them.  She alone remained tall and proud while the people of Gobir prostrated themselves before the visitors.  Welche and Makau approached her.  "You have scared my people, and I do not know how, but I will not abandon my faith."
"She admires your strength," the translator said, "but if you value your life, the lives of your family, the lives of your people, you will no longer pray to your false spirits.  You will no longer speak of the iskoki."
Her anger remained but Fara said nothing.  
"Now, the Virgans require all your adults.  Does the river flood beneath this step?  Is that why you do not grow there?"
Through gritted teeth, she said, "Yes."
"They have equipment to create new steps for farming along the mountainside."
"But the harvest has already begun.  We will need the food for the winter and the winter is not far away."
Makau said this to Welche and she said through him, "We know you grow more than food.  We see the rows of smoking leaf.  The children will harvest the crops and the adults will have to work quickly.  The new land must be ready for planting by next spring."
"We do not need more land for planting."
The translator relayed this and the captain answered through him, "'You are no longer feeding a village.  You will be feeding an empire.'"
Soldiers moved through Gobir and rounded up the men and women, no matter where they were.  Children cried and clung to their parents' legs.  The translators tried to tell them to work in the fields, but they kept crying.  Welche finally ordered the older adults to remain with the children so they could instruct the children how to gather the food properly.
Shekarau was herded past Fara and the priestess lunged for her son.  "Zuciyata!"  
He broke away from the group and the mother saw that he was still clinging the baby close to his chest.  "Here!"  He thrust Auta toward her and she took him.  The baby was screaming and Fara squeezed him tightly.  A Virgan rifle butt against his chest sent Shekarau back into the group.  Three hundred men and women were led up the slopes of their mountain and they began to work under the watchful eye of the intruders.
Finally, the priestess felt despair.  She dropped to her knees and let Auta wail.  She closed her eyes and said prayers for her husband and daughter, wherever they were.

The visits to the first villages north of the river had gone well.  Dawi and Tanoma sold some of the pottery and other items made by villagers in Gobir and they had gotten recipes for stews, clothes, and more in return.  The pass through the Blue Mountains was unobstructed; come winter in a month or so, it would be impassable.  Now they rode along with the mountains on their right and vast green plains on their left.  
There were usually other traders along the trail.  Dawi had told his daughter about the fun evenings they shared with strangers at a makeshift camp, telling stories around the fire.  Yet he saw no one.  "Perhaps it is too late in the year," he said.
After they crested a hill, they looked down and saw the village of Kebbi.  It was their last planned stop north of the mountains and where they would begin their return journey for home.  "They always have nice jewelry," the father said.  "I will look for a new necklace for your mother."
Tanoma looked up at him, wounded.  "Or me?"
Dawi laughed and hugged her while the donkey trudged along.  "Yes.  Or you."
As they neared the village, the father realized he didn't see as many people as usual.  There were some in the fields, working.  He squinted and tried to see who else there might be.  Then he saw a group of people wearing dark blue jackets.  He stopped the cart and thought.  He looked behind himself and saw nothing but fields and mountains.  He tugged the reins to the left and the donkey began to veer away from their path toward Kebbi.
"What is it?"
"Something is wrong in the village.  We should turn back now."
They were a kilometer away from Kebbi and back on the way toward the mountain pass when the first shouts reached their ears.  Dawi gave the reins a flick and the donkey hurried a little, but it was a pace the beast couldn't maintain.  Tanoma looked over her shoulders at the three people in dark blue who ran after them, yelling words they didn't understand.
"What do we do?"
"We keep moving."
Then he heard a noise unlike anything in his life.  It was a loud sound that seemed to crack the air and it echoed all around them.  He looked back at the strangers and he saw smoke dissipating from the end of one of their sticks.  Dawi's breathing quickened and he looked at his daughter.  He hugged her tightly and said, "I do not know what is going to happen.  Just know that I love you and I will do all I can to get us home."
Now the girl felt fear and hugged him back.  "I love you, uba."
The soldiers caught up, though they were out of breath.  They pointed their sticks at them as the donkey still pulled the cart away.
"Arestement!" one man said.
The father looked on in confusion until a woman jumped in front of the donkey and held her weapon out from her body.  Dawi pulled on the reins until the animal stopped and whined.
"D'ou ester toy?"
Again, the Addini family looked from one face to another in confusion.
They grabbed their arms and pulled them out of the cart.  While Dawi and Tanoma screamed for each other, the soldiers continued to yell at them.  Finally, they used the butts of their rifles to prod them toward the village.  The father stood first and pulled his daughter behind him.  He faced the soldiers and formed his hands into fists.  One of the men tried to grab his shoulder, but Dawi put his large hand on the soldier's chest and pushed him away.
"Animaille!"  
The man lifted his rifle and pulled the trigger.  Both Dawi and Tanoma shrank from the noise and smoke, but when the father opened his eyes, he saw that the ground next to his foot had been torn open by something.
"Aller!"  Now they were pointing the rifles at him.
The father understood and he nodded.  He turned and guided his daughter toward Kebbi by holding her hand.
"Uba," she whispered, "what is going to happen?"
He spoke nervously, "I do not know."
They were walked through the village and then into the fields.  Carts were being loaded with food and the soldier pushed them into the rows of wheat.  Dawi held on to Tanoma's arm and stared at the stalks that waved in front of them.
"You should pick before they come back."  Dawi turned and saw a woman in the row behind them, tearing the top of the stalk away from the rest.  After she dropped it in a basket on the ground she said, "Get to work." 
Dawi faced the wheat again and bent the stalk so he could tear it more easily.  His daughter did the same.  "Who are these people?"
"They are the Leo.  They come from the sky."
He looked up and moved on to the next stalk.  "Where are the other people of Kebbi?"
"This is Kebbi?" she asked.  "They are all in the camp.  We will return there in a few days."
"You are not from Kebbi?"
"No.  I fished on the Great River in Manta."
Dawi nodded.  "That is near our home.  Manta is lovely."
"It was.  The people are gone now."  He turned to look at her again and she followed with, "All the people from the villages near here are gathered in the camp.  Many hundreds."
Dawi watched one of the soldiers walk by the end of his row.  He whispered, "Is there no way to escape?  Or fight back?"
"You see their sticks.  They launch fire and smoke.  I have seen them kill men from fifty paces and more."
The father's eyes widened.  "Fifty paces."
"Yes.  It is best for your daughter that you do not think about such things."
He looked down into Tanoma's eyes and saw the fear.  He leaned over and kissed her on the forehead before he returned to the task of harvesting the grain.
For three days they worked in Kebbi, sleeping in someone else's home, always under the eye of the Leo.  They worked together in the fields and then in the threshing of the wheat.  Finally, at the end of their time, they loaded a host of carts with barrels and boxes of the food they harvested.  It would have been more than enough to feed the entire village for several months, but it was all being taken away.
Great beasts called "cheval" pulled large carts, and a train of them stretched for as far as his eyes could see.  They were forced to walk behind and beside the carts, and the soldiers watched them as they rode in relative comfort.  They had to camp for several days before they neared the sea and rounded the southern edge of the Blue Mountains.  There they found the Leo settlement.
The dozens of men and women were ordered to the side of the large fence and, once the gate opened, they were pushed inside.  Dawi wanted to hold his nose at the smell.  Feces and urine, decay and sickness.  There were people curled up on the ground and rubbing their necks or heads.  The people who had just returned from harvesting were as surprised as the Addini family was.
"Where is my husband?!" a woman frantically screamed as she ran from hut to hut.
"Who are you?" a tall man said as he stared at the traders.
"I am Dawi and this my daughter, Tanoma.  We are from Gobir."
The man scrunched up his face.  "I do not know this place.  Why are you with the Manta?"
The father shrugged.  "We were trading goods near Kebbi when the Leo caught us.  They made us work and then they brought us here."
The man was disinterested now.  He nodded and turned away.
"Kane!" the woman from before screamed.
"He is gone," another woman said as she tried to comfort her.  "He died a week ago from the illness."
"Kane!"  She ran to the fence's gate and began to pull on it with all her strength.  The metal bowed but became straight again.  "My husband!  I want my husband!"
One of the dark blue guards came through the central path and yelled at the woman.  She flailed on the gate and kept pulling on it, so the soldier raised his rifle and fired.
The noise again stunned Dawi, but he saw the power of the weapon.  Blood sprayed up from her chest and out through her back.  It seemed as though the woman was dead before she hit the ground.
Tanoma buried her face in her father's chest.  Soldiers opened the gate to remove the body.  With her muffled voice, the daughter said, "Uba, I do not want to be here."
Dawi held her head and said, "I don't either, ya."
VI
PITT
895 Years After Colonization

He sat on the balcony of his new office and looked across the village square.  With dozens of guards surrounding them, hundreds of natives sat and watched as several men and women danced at the center.  They clapped their hands and slapped their knees and, from time to time, they raised up their voices in song.
These were the people of the village the duke called Tawa.  Many had been pressed into constructing permanent buildings for the Virgan officials, raised on tall stilts like the native structures near the rivers to avoid flood damage.  The rest worked harder at fishing and farming.  A few were conscripted into searching the nearby rock beds for this "mine" that Cenric believed he had been told about, but nothing was found yet.
Winter was near and Makau said the people of Tawa performed celebrations at the end of each day's work until the harvest was complete.  The duke was reticent to comply, but he believed a concession might make them more amenable to other things.
Seeing it now for the third-straight evening, Pitt regretted his permissiveness.  The men and women moved together in ways unbecoming for public eyes.  He watched their hips sway and he found himself uttering prayers of forgiveness for having looked upon it.  He turned his attention to the noise the people made and the singing.  It was unlike any song on Virgo that he had heard and it bore little resemblance to music.  It made him uncomfortable.  Then he studied the people in the crowd.  Trancelike, many of them closed their eyes and swayed mindlessly.  A suspicion crept upon him and he stood on his balcony.  After a moment, he saw his translator standing against a post under a building far below and watching the proceedings.
"Makau!" he yelled.  Over the noise, the young man heard him and when he looked up, the duke waved for him to come.
A couple of minutes later, Makau walked onto the balcony and bowed.  "My lord."
"You told me that these celebrations were for the harvest.  That this was a way for the workers to relax each day."
"Yes, my lord."
Cenric pointed into the crowd.  "Why does it seem that they are in prayer?  A primitive sort, for certain, but there is a reverence to their bearing.  Their eyes are closed and some cast their faces skyward."  Makau looked at the dancers and hesitated.  When he did, the duke raised his eyebrows.  "Speak."
The translator lowered his head and said, "It is a prayer, my lord.  Prayers to the farm-mother and the spirits of the ground and the weather, my lord."
He fumed and pushed his small table away, throwing a glass and his drink to the floor.  He stalked into the building and waved for Makau to follow him.  Downstairs, he found Captain Welche and he said, "Come with me."
The officer followed and said, "What is the matter, my duke?"
"Stand ready to fire your weapon."  She unbuttoned the leather strap over her holster.
Outside, the noise of the singing and clapping was much louder.  Pitt walked to the side of one soldier and said, yelling in his ear, "Raise your rifle and fire it once into the air!"
The soldier was confused, but he saw the confirming nod from his superior officer.  He did as he was commanded.
When the shot was fired, many of the natives screamed in fear.  The soldiers who had been overseeing the performance were startled and raised their own weapons before they saw the approach of the duke.  A couple of people tried to scramble away from the crowd but Cenric pointed at them.
"Stop!  Return to your place!"  Naturally, they did not understand him, but the butts of rifles against their heads sent them back.
Pitt looked across the sea of anxious faces.  His own gaze was one of barely contained fury.  "Makau, speak after me."  The smaller man stood next to him with his head low and his hands clasped at his front.  "As a sign of goodwill, I allowed you to maintain your tradition of these harvest celebrations."  He paused just long enough for the translator to convert his words.  "How have you repaid my kindness?  By invoking and praising your false gods!  By engaging in displays of filth and depravity!"  His voice cracked as he screamed the last, so he forced himself to calm down.  "In time, you will learn.  You will learn the grace of Lord Jupiter.  You will know what Venus says about love and marriage, and the sins of the flesh.  You will learn, as many of you have when it comes to thievery, that the gods are not to be mocked or disobeyed."  His anger resurfaced and his eyes scanned the audience.  "For now, I call on the firist to stand."
The dancers had been kneeling in the center of the group.  One of them, a relatively young woman, stood.  
The duke nodded.  "One of the whores.  Sliding your body against many men, none of whom is your husband."  After Makau translated this, the people gasped and the priestess was angry and shouted back at him.
"She says …"
"I do not care what she says."  Cenric moved closer and yelled, "When we came to you, we forbade the worship of your false gods!  You have disobeyed me!  Lest you provoke the wrath of Jupiter on us all, I will inflict punishment upon you alone and pray that he is sated."  He looked at Welche and said, "Her.  Now."
Knowing her pistol's aim may not be true at this distance, she faced a soldier at her side.  "Do it."  
The young man quickly raised his weapon and fired.  The bullet struck her head and her crown exploded in a dark mist.  The entire group cried out in terror, but few were as loud as those who were now covered in her gore.
As their exclamations ended, Pitt continued, "There is to be no further worshipping or praying to your false gods!  There is to be no more dancing or singing!  If you do any of these things, you shall join your firist in Tartarus and burn in the fires of the Phlegethon!"  When Makau finished translating, he glowered at the audience once more and then faced Nellwyn.  "Order them into their homes.  No one is to leave their huts during the night."
"Yes, my duke."
As she disseminated the order, Cenric looked at his translator.  His head was still lowered, so he gripped the young native's chin.  He raised his face up until he could look into Makau's wide, fearful eyes.  "If you conceal anything from me again, you will join her.  Do you understand?"
He said nothing.  Finally, Pitt released his chin and Makau quickly lowered his head.  He mumbled, "Yes, my lord."
The duke nodded and walked back under his raised office with the captain close behind.  "It is done, lord."
He stopped at the bottom of the stairs and nodded.  "Thank you."  He looked up and sighed.  "So very taxing."
Welche walked closer and said, "I did not know you were such an adherent to the teachings of Lycurgus."
"Yes.  It was ingrained in me by my parents as a child and I lapsed into a rote worship of the Pantheon as a young adult.  But, in more recent years, I have taken comfort in the rigidity of those writings.  Here, among heathen, that rigidity is needed most."
Nellwyn squinted.  "How so"?"
He turned and sat on a step.  "Think back on our many months here.  Our conversations with the tribes as we moved east.  They balked at the orders that they cease the worship of their false spirits, but they have accepted the Pantheon into their number."
The captain said, "They worship thousands of spirits.  What are a dozen or so more?"
"Precisely.  So they claim to worship Jupiter and Juno, yet they do not live the moral life prescribed by that faith and what I've tried to impart to them.  They do not abandon their pagan beliefs while they continue their old ways."  He shook his head.  "It seems as though every heathen woman is a whore and every heathen man a thief."
"They will believe and behave as the gods demand.  In time, as you said."
"I despair of it, I say.  Here, among the savages, how can I not?"  He stood and grunted.  As Cenric walked up the stairs, he said, "When the next transports arrive from Virgo, we shall send a request for priests.  Perhaps they may succeed where I have failed."

The Virgan ship lifted off and flew into the clouds.  Welche and her men began to gather the crates while the duke held a canister full of orders from Buskirk.  He placed the metal cylinder on top of one of the crates and opened its end.  He removed the rolled-up pages and flattened them.  His eyes darted around, looking for key words.
"Our new uniforms, lord."  The captain held up a khaki jacket with blue epaulets and stripes on the sleeves.
Pitt looked and nodded.  "There should be other uniforms, as well."  Welche and the others opened other boxes.  He sighed and read the same passage over and over again.
"Here, lord?"  A soldier held up a white jacket with a blue collar and blue bands across the chest.
"Yes."
She approached him.  "For whom are these intended?"
"The natives."
Nellwyn blinked.  "I do not understand."
He slid a page toward her.  "We are to raise a force and attack the Leo encampment."
"We have barely a thousand soldiers here."  She scanned the paper and said, "It has been enough to subdue the locals, but to attack the Leo?"
"Thus the uniforms for our savage friends."
She looked toward the crates.  "We will have to train them.  This will take months."
"I understand."  He took the page from her and gathered them.  Lord Jupiter, I do not desire war, yet if it be your will, send your son, Mars, to aid us.  As he slid them into his jacket, he said, "Gather the fit among the natives of Tawa and begin your efforts with them.  Threaten their families if you to win their compliance.  Then you will gather those among our other villages and induct them likewise."
"Yes, lord."  
VII
DURANT
895 Years After Colonization

"Do you accept the god of healing, Apollo, and the other Lords of Kobol as your gods and masters, forsaking all other spirits and gods you may have worshipped before?"
A sweating, exhausted woman wavered before the Leonan translator and nodded.  "I do."  A nurse handed her a white pill and a cup of water.  She put the pill in her mouth and began to chew.  The bitterness made her wince, but the water washed it all away.  She was escorted aside as she swallowed and a new, sickly native stepped forward.
In the main observation tower, the major walked up behind Captain Voclan and asked, "Any refusals?"
"Only five that I have seen.  When I was down there earlier, I came upon the priestess warning her people to not take the pills."
"Oh?"
"She said the sickness persists only because we're so near the 'Fire Mountain.'"
Cateline nodded and looked down across the separate sections of the grid.  Leonan soldiers had gathered all the natives and medical personnel handed out thousands of antibiotics.  "So much compliance and it only cost three hundred lives."
Ansel said, "A bargain.  But do you believe that it will last?"  He faced her, "Will they relapse into their old habits?"
"It is likely, but we will hold them to the oaths they swear today."
The captain reached into his pocket and removed a slip of paper.  "A report from one of our northern watches.  A Virgan transport was spotted arriving and departing their camp yesterday."
Durant looked away and thought.  "Thank you."
Voclan studied her demeanor and softly asked, "When might we expect a resupply?"
The major looked at him and clasped her hands behind her back.  She looked at the two soldiers who held rifles and scanned the crowds below, "Leave us."
"Yes, major."  Once they descended the ladder, Cateline spoke.
"I despair of us receiving many more supply ships."
"So the rumors are true.  King Philippe is slowing the expansion of the Empire into the colonies."
"Slowing," she said.  "Not halting.  Not contracting.  Yet."
The major shifted his stance.  "The cost continues to prove too great, even for the Empire."
"Establishing footholds and camps in the colonies is expensive.  And reaching them without lightspeed vessels would be impractical.  They and their fuel are the most costly craft either empire can build, and Leo supports hundreds."
"Perhaps even that is too many."
"The secondary issue is that the returns on the investments made in our expansion have not yet balanced the ledgers."
"I've not been privy to the financial news from our exploits," Ansel said.
"I know only what I've heard from knowledgeable friends in Lomere," she answered.  "Gemini has their forest, but the recent war devastated it and our hold there.  Our withdrawal is nearly complete.  Capricorn is lush and verdant but untamed.  It will be years before it is able to provide a stable food supply to make any sort of a difference.  Pisces provides a variety of food and some minerals and salt, but not in sufficient quantity, and the Virgans are too well entrenched in the more fruitful north.  Taurus supports a thriving cattle trade, but meat and their crops are only so profitable and the natives there are far more restless."
"And, so far," he leaned against the railing of the tower, "the investments in Gamma are not much better.  Sagittarius is years away from providing a reliable food supply and trade and Scorpio has proven more formidable than early explorers had planned."
"The last I heard from Lomere," Durant said, "a push into Delta is still decades away.  Our ships may only jump so far, so many times, without refueling.  Perhaps once we are established here," she shrugged, "perhaps.  But even then, the burden of maintaining the Empire as it stands now, especially in the face of the Virgans, is a larger one."
"If that is the case," the captain paused as he rethought his words, "why did they not choose someone with a royal title as the commander here?"  Her eyebrows raised.  "A duke or count …"
"I considered that, and I realized no one with a title and a family fortune to spend was foolish enough to try."  She twisted her neck until she felt a pop.  "It would be easier to assign someone in the military to it and hope for the best.  Failure would cost the Empire as a whole and not any one house."
Ansel looked down toward the native camps.  "So how does Virgo continue, undaunted?"
"I have other friends who tell me that Virgo is in the same position as we."  The captain looked at her.  "They simply have the means to ignore the problem for a bit longer."
"Until then, how do we defend against the Virgans should they decide to press eastward?"
"There are hundreds of us."  She nodded toward the camp.  "Thousands of them.  Draw up plans to create native companies."
"Yes, major."
"Beyond that," Cateline went to the ladder and began to descend, "'Small showers fill the stream.'"  She saw his confusion.  "It's a local saying.  Perseverance, captain.  We will persevere, no matter what comes."
"Yes, major."
After she left the tower, she walked down the paths toward the offices.  There, a nurse found her.  "Major Durant."
"Yes?"
The woman kept her head low and she said, "I apologize for meeting you this way, but I feel I must report some disturbing acts."
She inhaled deeply and braced herself.  "Have you seen our soldiers carousing among the natives again?"
"No, major."  She looked around and then said, "It is Dr. Roul.  I have seen him performing surgeries on dead natives."
"Autopsies?"
"I asked, but he said 'no.'"
Durant squinted.  "I do not understand."
"Nor do I.  He would not explain it to me.  He was alone in a secluded operating room examining several bodies at once and taking notes."
Slowly, the major nodded and said, "Thank you.  I shall look into it."
"Yes, major."
Cateline turned and walked toward the main medical buildings.  Body bags were stacked along one wall, waiting to be taken away by the mortuary detail.  Once she stepped inside, she saw a few patients being treated by nurses and junior doctors.  Durant moved through the center of the building and found the operating rooms.  Three of the four doors were open, revealing empty rooms.  She looked in the small window on the door of the fourth and saw the doctor standing over a corpse.
She hesitated and thought.  Then she pushed open the door.
"I said I wanted … Oh, major."
"What is this, Ven?"
"It is quite interesting, really."  He stepped away from the side of a man whose torso had been split in half, with his ribcage open to the ceiling and his skin peeled toward the tabletop.  "You are aware of some of the severe allergic reactions our people have had since we've been here?"
"Yes.  Near fatal."
"I asked the natives.  They don't have such a reaction to their pollens and allergens.  It must have been bred out of them centuries ago."
Durant looked toward the body only briefly before she returned her eyes to the doctor.  "So what are you looking for?"
"How they fight it off."  Roul turned back to the corpse.  "In five of the eight bodies I've examined, they have a larger lung capacity than our average.  Perhaps because of the mountains and the thinner air, but it would also help overcome the swelling of the passages."  The doctor walked toward another body that the major had not seen, though it appeared undisturbed.  "Nearly everyone I've examined also has much larger nasal linings and mucous membranes.  This would help trap and get rid of inhaled allergens."
Cateline didn't move from her place at the door.  "How does this help us?"
"It suggests courses of treatment.  Perhaps a screening process for recruits who come here.  Keep the ones below a certain lung capacity out or prohibit those with allergies from being assigned here.  That sort of thing.  Also, there may be some component of the native diet, a herb of some sort, that may act as a natural counteragent."
She glanced into the chest cavity of the dead native and said, "You believe they can make our medicine better?"
"I do."
Durant paused and then nodded.  "Carry on, doctor."
Roul grinned a little.  "Thank you, major."
"But be discreet.  If the natives discover this, it would cause only more difficulties for us all."
"Agreed, major."
VIII
ADDINI
895 Years After Colonization

In the seclusion of her home, with a small fire burning, Fara flicked drops of blood from her small sacrifice into the flames.
With her baby resting against her breast, she sang quietly and tapped her foot.  It felt alien to commune with the spirits without dancing, but she hoped the iskoki would understand.  "I sing this song of praise, oh spirits, for we need your aid.  I call upon all who might come, Sarkin Jangare, Jato, Kuri, Jam Maraki, … please.  All the people of the world need you to cast out the invaders."  She flicked the blood from the corpse of the mouse again.  "May Ayu spring up from the Great River and drag them down.  May …"
Soldiers burst open the door and began to yell.  Fara clutched Auta tighter and ran to the far side of the hut.  "Go away!" she cried out.  The baby awoke and began to yell.
"You talk to spirits!" the Virgan soldier said in a very rudimentary version of the native language.  "No spirits!"
"Get out!"
Two soldiers lifted her up and dragged her away.  The serjeant who was able to translate looked around and saw all manner of religious items.  A knife, powders, bones, the dead mouse.  She shook her head and began to leave.  When she did, she saw that Fara had drawn some of her religious symbology above the door frame.
"Fire," she ordered.  A soldier took a torch and held it against the wood and dry reed walls of the house.  Flames licked up the side and soon engulfed the egg-shaped structure,
"No!  Our home!"  Fara dropped to her knees and cried.
The other people of Gobir stood and stared.  They were loading carts with all the food they had harvested.  They were sympathetic, but none were willing to risk the wrath of the Virgans to do anything about it.
The serjeant said something to another soldier and he ran away.  Then, she stood before the priestess of the village.  "We take baby."
Soldiers held Fara's shoulders and the serjeant pulled Auta from her arms.  The priestess' face flashed with rage and she managed to knock one soldier to the ground before the other hit her in the head with his rifle.  Dazed, she rolled over and saw the Virgan serjeant holding the screaming child.  "Please," she whimpered.
As she pleaded for her youngest's life, a soldier brought Shekarau to the center of the village.  The young man had been working on the hillside, creating new terraces for farmland.  He was sweating and weak, but seeing his mother in distress, he ran to her side.
"Uwa!"
She reached up and cupped his cheek.  "Zuciyata."
"Choose."
Fara looked at the serjeant and saw that she had her pistol out of its holster and pointed at Auta.  The baby knew nothing of his danger and simply cried and flailed.  
"Choose."  Now the serjeant pointed the weapon at Shekarau.
The teen swallowed hard and straightened.  He looked at Fara and said, "Choose Auta, uwa.  I will die."
"No," the mother cried.  "No …"
"No spirits!"
As tears poured from her face, she looked around herself.  Dozens of people were watching in horror, but none could save her family.  Her voice trembled, "No spirits."
"Lords of Kobol!  Alone!"
"Lords of Kobol," Fara whimpered and nearly slumped back to the ground.  
"Say the names!"  Still, the serjeant had the gun pointed at her oldest son.
Her chest heaved with sobs and she said, "Jupiter, Juno, Apollo, Diana, Mars, Venus," the serjeant nodded and the priestess continued, "Vulcan, Ceres, Minerva, Neptune, Mercury, Vesta."
The serjeant holstered her pistol and said something to a soldier.  The man bent over and ripped the headdress from her, tearing her hair.  He broke it apart and then stomped on it.  Another soldier walked away.
"Uwa," Shekarau said as he bent over her.  Fara sobbed still and held the sides of her son's face.
"Zuciyata."  She pressed her forehead to his.  "You know why I call you that, 'my heart?'"
Shekarau smiled.  He had heard the story many, many times throughout his life.  "No, uwa.  Why?"
"You were in my womb so long, your heart grew so strong, and I felt it join with mine.  Once you were born," her voice cracked and she cried again, "I felt like my heart was gone, too."
He nodded and a tear ran down his face.  "I love you, uwa."
The serjeant spoke before Fara could respond.  "We will be sure you stay with Lords of Kobol."  A soldier returned and handed a white jacket to Shekarau.  "He comes with us."
"No!"  The mother tried to sit up.  "No!  He stays here!"
A man then placed a metal ring around the teen's neck and clicked it shut.  Shekarau's eyes widened and he reached for it.  "What is happening?"
"Don't!"  The priestess crawled across the grass toward the serjeant.
"He is a soldier now.  He fights for Virgo."
Shekarau looked down at the white jacket and then at Fara.  "I don't want to fight."
"Here."  
The serjeant gave screaming Auta back to the mother, who held the baby tightly against her neck.  The serjeant then took a long, thick baton and turned a crank on one end.  She held it against Shekarau's metal collar and magnets clicked together, forming a circuit.  When the serjeant pressed a button on the baton, a shock raced around the teen's neck and through his body.  He seized for several long seconds and then collapsed and gasped once the energy dissipated.
"You pray to Lords of Kobol and he fights.  Or he dies."  She turned the crank on the device again.
Fara nodded quickly and reached for the woman with pleading hands.  "Yes!  I will."
Shekarau bent toward his mother to hug her but two soldiers took him by the arms and dragged him away.  The priestess wailed at the center of her village and rocked with her baby.  When she was able to open her eyes and see through the wall of tears, she could only see the fire that consumed her home.

It had been a long day sorting the food that came to the camp from all the villages under Leo's influence.  Only about one-third would be kept there for the people to eat until the next harvest; the rest was being shipped to Leo.
Dawi and Tanoma didn't understand this.  They only knew that they were tired.  Their fingers ached from picking leaves and thread off corn, from sifting grains, from cleaning fruit.  Their arms and backs were sore from carrying baskets and boxes and crates.  The sun was barely set, yet they were ready for sleep.  
They were awakened.  
It was after dark and soldiers called them out from all their shacks.  They were lined up through the center of their grid and Leo officers entered.  Dawi recognized the tall man.  He was always with the leader and he wore shining metal on his collar.
Voclan scanned people on either side of him.  He stopped.  With a wave of his finger, a soldier pulled a young woman from the line and he looked at her up and down.  He paced back and forth and turned her around.  Finally, he nodded, and soldiers took her out of the pen.  Her family reached for her and screamed, but the officer continued his search.
He stopped in front of Tanoma.  The captain narrowed his eyes and waved his finger.  Tanoma didn't go and Dawi held his daughter's shoulders close to him.  When soldiers pulled on her arm and felt the resistance he offered, one of them elbowed him in the nose.  The father fell to the ground, dazed and bleeding.  He blinked and looked up to see Voclan nod at Tanoma and for her to be taken away.
"No!" 
He scrambled over the ground and into the path with the Leonan soldiers.  She looked back and cried, "Uba!"
He opened his mouth to scream for her, but a well-placed kick stopped him where he was.  He collapsed and fell unconscious.
Tanoma was taken out of the grids and toward the main Leo buildings.  In the largest one, she was placed in a line of several other boys and girls between long tables with many chairs.  She looked all around and had no idea what this place was.  She looked at the boy next to her and asked, "What is happening?"  He did not answer and he seemed terrified.
An officer and a native woman stood before them.  The officer spoke and the woman translated, "You will all be preparing and serving the food for the Leonan soldiers and officers.  This will be your only task.  You will be awakened two hours before dawn to prepare the first meal.  You will go to bed after you have cleaned up from dinner in the evening.  You will sleep here, in the main dining hall.  You will be given specific tasks by us in the morning.  Sleep now."
Confused, the teens looked at each other and whispered.  Soldiers brought in straw pillows and coarse blankets, tossing them against the far wall.  One child asked, "Will we see our parents in the camp?"
The native woman answered, "No."
Tanoma lay on the hard, wooden floor with straw poking through fabric and stabbing her face.  She tried to avoid moving because every time she did, the burlap snagged on an arm hair or even her smooth skin.  She thought of her father and nearly wept.  When she thought of her mother and brothers, the tears fell.
Before dawn, they were roused and she was made to cut fruits and vegetables.  She did this for hours.  When lunch time came, she was made to clean tables and carry plates among the soldiers.  
As soon as she entered the dining hall, she saw a caporal smack a plate out of one boy's hands.  He was then forced to eat the food off the floor while the whole unit laughed.
"Petit fille," one man said as he pawed at her.
She looked at the tray she carried and thanked the spirits that it was empty.  Then she looked at the young serjant in his blue uniform.
"Seer-toy sus mun visage."  The men around him laughed uproariously.
She had no idea what was being said or how to react.  She did the first thing that came to mind.  She smiled.  A wide, beaming smile.
The men raised their eyebrows and laughed even louder.  The one who propositioned her dropped to one knee and said, "Mun coer …"  Tanoma maintained her smile and walked away.  
The next day, she carried a filled tray through the hall and someone stuck out their leg.  Tanoma didn't see it.  She tripped and fell, spilling plates, utensils, and leftover food before her.  The soldiers barked with laughter and then suddenly quieted.  She felt someone lift her up and when she turned, it was the serjant again.  
"Mun coer."  He then faced the soldier who tripped her.  "Tou enfant.  Cuillie la cuisine."  The soldier nodded and scrambled to the floor where he began to pick up the plates and food.  Tanoma bent down to help him, but the serjant held her arm.  She looked up at him and he shook his head.  
After a moment, the soldier – still on his knees – presented the recovered tray to her and said, "Apologie."
Tanoma took it and smiled.  She faced the serjant again and he chuckled at her wide grin.  "Retorner travaillier."  With a playful push, he sent her on her way.
Thereafter, throughout her time there, she smiled when she was in the dining hall.  She found that the Leonans treated her far better than they treated her comrades.
Her father knew none of this.  
Dawi stood against the fence of the grid and asked the Leonan soldiers about her whenever someone marched by.  No one responded with more than a rifle butt to the fence, sending him backward.
On the third night of his vigil and as he sat by the gate and wept, an older man came to his side and said, "Your daughter is gone."
Dawi looked up and wiped his eyes.  "What?"
"The soldiers came here before.  They took older girls and boys.  They have not returned."
The father stood and looked at the stranger with wide, piercing eyes.  "I was here.  Where did they go?"
"I do not know."
"Why were they taken?"
"I do not know.  I tell you so you can stop wasting your time."  He turned away and walked toward the shacks.
The following morning, Dawi was asleep by the gate.  A soldier awakened him with a kick and lifted him up.  
"Where is my daughter?!"
The man shook his head and pushed him away.  He looked around and saw that he was now in a group of some twenty natives.  A Leo officer came into the grid and said, "You build wall.  Come."
"Where is my daughter?!"
The officer looked at him in confusion.  "You build wall."
The officer left, but the men and women were herded out of the grids and to the northern side of the camp, on the other side of the metal fences.  Soon, they were erecting posts and stretching new fencing on them, extending the grid.  The natives understood this meant there would be more people arriving soon, but Dawi paid no attention to their chatter.  He did the work, but he kept looking back into the camp, hoping to get a glimpse of Tanoma.  
After the sun set, the workers were sent back into their grid.  Dawi sat by the gate and looked out into the other pens.  He scanned the same, sad faces, over and over again, hoping to see her for a change.  He didn't.
The next morning, he was again roused by soldiers and thrown into the group of fence workers.  Again, he spent the day driving posts and unfurling great spools of metal fencing between them.  Dawi stared into the camp and felt dread.  I will never see her again.
As the sun set and as he held part of the fence in place so another worker could hammer nails into the post, the father looked away from the camp and into the foothills of the mountains nearby.  The slopes were covered with trees and it seemed so inviting, so close.
I could run now and they wouldn't catch me.  He thought of their rifles and still believed he could be faster.  Before the thought even fully formed in his head, tears came to his eyes and he thought of Tanoma.
So it was for more than two weeks.  Dawi was conscripted into creating four new grids for the camp, building shacks, driving posts, and erecting fences.  Every day, he spent the morning looking into the camp, wondering if she was there.  Every day, he spent the afternoon looking into the forest, wondering if he could flee.  At night, he would curse himself to sleep for daring to consider abandoning his daughter.
On the final day of the outer fence's construction, he realized that the opportunity was fading.  He prayed to the iskoki that they would keep Tanoma safe.  Doubt wracked him, yet the thought of his wife and sons coming under the thumb of these Leo angered him.  It made him want to do something.  He knew Gobir hadn't been taken over, otherwise, the people of his village would be brought here.
He stopped and looked around himself.  Four new pens.  Enough space to house four whole villages.  Maybe they already have Gobir and the people are being brought here now.  He could catch them on the way, he thought.  Whether they come by land or boat, he could leave now and free his family.  He winced and thought, Not all, but he made up his mind.
He looked around and saw that the guards were far enough away.  Once the woman he was working with drove in the last nail, Dawi turned and ran.
He poured every ounce of strength he had into it.  Still, the distance to the trees seemed far longer than it did as he sized them up before.  He was about halfway there when he first heard the cries go up among the soldiers.  Rifles cracked and Dawi nearly panicked.  The bullets missed and he kept going.  The soldiers fired again and he finally entered the forest.
He ran between trees and up the foothills.  He stopped for a moment to catch his breath, but then he heard the steps of people behind him on old, fallen leaves.  He scrambled up a hill and moved past a bush only to find a sheer rock wall.  He turned and saw a tree and decided to climb it.  Perhaps he could climb the tree and then jump onto the rock ledge, assuming there was one.
He was ten meters up when a bullet struck the bark next to his hand.  He let go of the tree and fell to the side of the rock face.  He tried to push himself up but another round impacted the stone next to his head.  Dust got in his eyes and Dawi raised his hands.  His back hurt from the rough landing and he knew he couldn't run again.
A Leo soldier came closer; the rifle was raised and aimed.  Light trickled in through the canopy of leaves overhead and fell across the prone body of the native and the rock wall.  Then the soldier stopped and lowered his weapon.  "Or."
He reached toward the ground and Dawi flinched.  The Leonan was holding a pale piece of granite flecked with gold.  After a moment, the soldier faced him again and nodded over his shoulder toward a pair of his comrades.  "Go back."
Dawi scrambled to his feet.  It was a long, painful walk out of the woods and across the field to the camp as he was knocked and pushed by the soldiers.  Blood covered half his face and soaked one side of his shirt.  When he returned, he was strapped to the fence in the main channel between all the grids and beaten as punishment for the attempt.  They wanted to ensure that all the natives saw it.
He didn't care too much about that, or the beating.  A weight had been lifted from him.  He no longer bore the guilt of trying to escape and leaving Tanoma behind.
IX
PITT
895 Years After Colonization

For the first time in nearly a year, the military leader of the expedition resided in the same place as the duke.  Lord Nigel Mannering was a brigadier and tasked with establishing the Virgan military on this world, and he did so at the place where they had landed so long ago.  While Lord Cenric explored the river and brought two dozen villages under the queen's flag, Mannering trained his soldiers and studied the terrain.
When he finally moved south just before the harvest, he did so by a land caravan.  He examined each of the villages the duke had claimed along the way and he critiqued the military officers stationed at each place.  Then he entered Tawa and brought with him a host of suggestions.
"Burn the villages."
Pitt scoffed.  "Burn them?"
"Yes.  Once the winter has gone and the mountains are passable, burn the villages."  The older man brushed his moustache across his cheeks.  "Create new villages along the river and by the mountain steps.  Then, we would resettle the villagers there."
"Why should I destroy villages and then build new ones?"  He glanced toward Captain Welche.  The young woman had been upbraided by the brigadier hours ago, so she was no comfort for the duke.  "It seems very wasteful."
"On the surface, it is.  However, the savages have been left with a very powerful weapon thus far."  He paused, thinking, perhaps, the duke might answer.  When he did not, Mannering said, "Hope."
"What sort of hope?"
"Their homes still stand.  There is the hope that, one day, they might drive us away.  Or that we may depart on our own.  When that time comes, everything will go back as it was."  The duke didn't seem to react.  "The villages are a reminder of the lives they had before we arrived.  They still have hope that they can return to that time."
"So we should burn them."
The brigadier nodded.  "At the start of spring.  Yes.  And under their gaze."
"I will take it under advisement."
He squinted and said, "Cenric, I am not in the habit of having my suggestions 'taken under advisement.'"
"Nor, Nigel, am I in the habit of having my authority questioned."
The military leader bowed and said, "It was not my intent, lord."
"Thank you, lord."  Pitt moved some items on his desk and then closed the flap of his wool coat more tightly.  "And I truly shall consider your recommendations."  The brigadier made ready to stand and the duke said, "How find you Sagittarius so far?"
"A miserable place and full of superstitious, backwards folk."  
"Yes.  Did you see the Stone of Kobol I found in one of their damned villages?"
"I saw it after it had been cleaned," the brigadier said, "but I had heard of its desecration."
"Mm," the duke coughed.  "I know that the race for the stones ended nearly a century ago and all the knowledge from them had been claimed," he shook his head, "still, I felt a righteous anger at the sight."
"As would I, my duke.  As would I."  A cold breeze blew through the office and Nigel felt something on the top of his bald head.  After he swiped at it, he said, "On the climate, I should say we bore witness to the fact that winter brings the world to a halt, even here near the equator.  Any settlements we maintain in the valleys away from the river will be isolated, indeed, and we must make sufficient preparations."
"I believe we have.  I have theorized in my time here that these mountain villages and their winter isolations have retarded their growth as a world."  He leaned back and attempted to strike a more scholarly, lecturing pose.  "Yet my translator has told me that the savages nearer the river, those of Tawa here, Rano and Gobir, as well, have ancient tales of a more thriving society."
"Is that so?"
"Indeed."  Cenric cast his eyes toward the ceiling as he recounted the story, "It seems that many winters ago, … these folk only measure their time by the coming of winter."
"Quite," Mannering chuckled.
"Many winters ago, the people of the world lived in larger homes and used great ships upon the river.  They speak of cities and many, many people living within them, only for the people and the cities to fall victim to the coming of harsher winters, illnesses, and a great flood.  Now, I do not know if this is some half-remembered tale of their more advanced ancestors after they settled here, or if, perhaps, they retain a hint of a memory of Kobol in their myths."  He shrugged.  "Regardless, it is an intriguing tale."
"Indeed, it is."
He nodded and resumed a normal posture.  "You've explored more than I, perhaps.  Are there many villages we might claim in these near valleys?"
"There are.  I made observations and mapped their locations, but I made no contact."  He removed a thick paper from his jacket and placed it on the duke's desk.  "For the spring, perhaps."
Pitt unfolded the map and looked along the river.  "Once the flooding season has ended at the start of spring and the planting season is well underway, you and I can move south into these valleys and plant the flag.  Agreed?"
"Agreed."  He stood and held his swagger stick under his left arm.  "I would recommend immediate burning and resettlement at that time, my duke."
"Of course."  The duke looked to the right side of the map.  "There is one subject which we haven't discussed.  The Lions."
"As commander of the queen's military, the details needn't concern you, Lord Cenric.  However," using the stick he pointed at a position on the Great River, "I intend to establish several watch posts along the river, beginning with one three hundred kilometers east of Gobir, and each successive one heading out to sea, closer to the Leo."
"Are you not concerned that this might provoke them?"
He smirked.  "Not in the least."
"Well, please feel free to overshare the details on such matters.  It is good that I be informed on all the goings-on in my duchy."  Pitt stood and shook the brigadier's hand.  "Thank you, Lord Nigel."
After shaking his hand, the brigadier saluted, "My duke."  
The opening and closing of the office door let another draft in, and Cenric shuddered violently.  He looked at Nellwyn and said, "Are you ill?"
"No, my lord.  The brigadier spent a great deal of time pointing out the flaws of my leadership.  So, I am … abashed and weary."
The duke nodded.  "He is leaving you as commander of the Tawa garrison, as I requested, yes?"
"I believe so, my duke."
"Good."  He pushed Mannering's map aside and pulled his own large paper in front of himself.  "Once the spring comes, I will be siphoning a portion of the farming crews away to create explorers for various metals and such."
The captain tallied the number of available workers in her head.  "What of the plans to burn the old villages and resettle the natives?"
Pitt chuckled and shook his head.  "I will not be doing that if I can help it.  I would rather use such resources to find other goods worthy of Virgo in these forests or mountains."  He tapped his pencil on the sheet.  "There must be something of value here beyond food."
"And labor."
"Hmm?  Oh, certainly, yes."
There was a knock at the door and the duke's attendant parted it slightly.  "My lord, you asked to see the head priest once she was settled."
"Yes, thank you."  He pushed all the papers aside and straightened.  "Let her enter."
The door widened and the cool air flew in before her.  A woman in a plain black shirt and robe stepped in.  She had dark hair streaked with silver, wore glasses, and bore a wide smile.  "Greetings, Lord Cenric.  It is an honor."
The duke stood and bowed to her.  "Thank you, High Priest Royse."
"No, no."  She shook her head and sat.  "I am only a priestess."
"You are the priest on the planet with the greatest seniority, yes?"
She thought and answered, "I am."
"Then, as Duke of Sagittarius, I name you the high priest of the same."
She lowered her head and kept it there for a moment.  "Thank you, my lord."
"Now.  How many priests are in your company?"
"There are three of us, lord."
"Only three."  Pitt looked away and muttered, "With so many thousands of heathens so near."
"Hopefully," Royse said, "we may find some among the converted who could spread the message of the Pantheon more effectively than we."
"Optimism," The duke nodded.  "Good.  Are you or any in your charge Lycurgan, perhaps?"
"I am myself Eusebeian, lord."
"Suitable for such an environment.  But the others?"
"We have all studied the teachings of Lycurgus and know of the doctrines.  Priest Bourke was raised in that school of thought."
"Splendid."
The priestess asked, "So you are, duke?"
"I am.  I have found it a comfort in the last year."
"I am certain."  A strong wind blew against the walls and the three of them looked to the roof as the metal plating rustled.  When it settled, Royse eagerly said, "Please, lord.  Tell me of the natives.  I should like to know all I may about those with whom I shall soon speak."
"Oh.  Well," Cenric brought his arms over his chest again, making the coat swell in size, "they have long forgotten their pasts and have no knowledge of the Lords of Kobol.  They believe in a host of spirits and demons and practice foul magics to appease them.  They may claim to have accepted the Pantheon, but their actions do not yet prove it so.  As to their manner," he glanced away and thought, "they are like children, I am sad to say.  Superstitious, obviously.  Eager to please, but only to a point."
"I see."
"Have you worked on frontier worlds before, high priest?  Gemini, Taurus, Capricorn, Pisces?"
"I have not, lord."
"A shame.  The frontiers of Alpha would have made a fine proving ground for you.  Here," he shook his head, "the natives are much less receptive to our ways."
"I have seen many of them in the city over the last day or so, lord.  They appear … docile."
"After a fashion.  And only after a deal of correction."
"I see."  Pitt didn't see the concern on her face.
"The coming spring will necessitate far harder efforts from them all than they've expended 'til now.  The new terraces along the mountain faces will be ready for farming, we may be creating new villages, new mines," the duke stood, "I hope that your people may make that work easier for us by making them more amenable to it."
Royse stood, too, and shook his outstretched hand.  "I shall do as the Lords of Kobol will."
"So say we all," Cenric replied.
With a faint grin, she nodded and said, "I pray you will keep your door open to me if I have need of your counsel."
"Consider it so.  And I bid you study the ways of Lycurgus, Priest Royse.  These animals need so firm a hand and foundation."
Warily, she bowed.  "I will."
"Good evening."
"Good evening, lord."  
The captain watched her go and then said, "Were I you, duke, I might keep sight on her."
Pitt twitched in surprise and furrowed his brow.  "Whatever in the worlds for?"
Nellwyn shook her head.  "She did not react well to all you said.  She may feel philanthropic toward the natives."
"Heh," he pulled his coat tighter again.  "Allow her to spend her days and nights among these savages for a time before you gauge how generous she feels toward them."
"As you say, my duke."
"Using my experience as a rule, her altruism will harden with a quickness ere long."
X
DURANT
895 Years After Colonization

Large and small rocks nearly filled the bin.  Dark stone and light.  Some pieces were translucent quartz.  None of it was shaped or refined, but all of it carried pieces of that valued yellow ore.
Cateline stood still and stared at it.  The bin weighed tons and the gold alone certainly accounted for dozens of kilograms.  The vein found by the guard had no end yet and workers braved the cold wind that washed north from the ocean to delve deeper.
"Major."  The captain stepped beside her and looked at the haul, too.  "The lieutenant believes we might fill this by the end of the day."
"Good.  Once it is, load it onto the vessel bound for home."
"Will there be room?  Between the food and the labor requested by …"
"We will leave food behind, if need be."  Durant faced him and said, "The crown made it clear that the servants were necessary on this next shipment.  They are unaware of our good fortune, but I am certain they will feel the same about this."
Voclan nodded.  "Perhaps they will send some refining equipment with the next supply ship."
"I have requested it.  There's no need in sending back so much useless rock.  I would likely not have to request such things if I were a pompous royal."  She looked at the captain and said, "Apologies if you have a title."
"I do not, major."
She then faced the foothills in the distance.  The mining operations were concealed by trees and there was camouflage netting in place, too.  "No sign of Virgan spies?"
"None."
"If they have not already found a vein of their own, they will seek to take ours, should they learn of it.  Create a new watchpost a further one hundred kilometers upriver."
"Yes, major."  His eyes darted away in thought and he then asked, "What is the likelihood of reinforcements from home?"
She smirked.  "I've requested that, as well."  Cateline turned away from the bin and looked toward the fenced grids and the thousands of natives.  "What news from the captain on our recruits?"
"He says they are learning.  Slowly, but they are learning."
"If the Virgans come, can we trust that they will fight?"
"He believes so."
"I'm not terribly sure of that."  She looked at the bin again and said, "Do you not sense it?  The vise that tightens around us?  The coalescing of forces against us?"
Ansel squinted and asked, "The Virgans?"
"Not only.  They and our circumstances together conspire to make us fail.  We must overcome them, no matter the cost."
"Yes, major."
Snowflakes began to fall.  She looked up into the gray, overcast sky and shivered in her dark blue coat.  "I miss Leo.  There are no seasons but the one in which you live."
Voclan smiled and said, "If you wanted the cold, you traveled for it."
"Exactly."  She exhaled and watched her breath hover and dissipate.  "I never wanted the cold."  Durant turned and walked toward her office.  "Instruct the captain to double the number of recruits.  Let us take no chances against the vise."
XI
ADDINI
896 Years After Colonization

Snow covered the ground of Gobir.  The mountainside and all the fields of their step were white.  Fara used to enjoy the snow and the warmth of a fire in their hut.  The isolation that came from a normal winter could last for nearly three months and it drove Dawi crazy, but she loved having her family together and near.  
There was no enjoyment this winter.
Dawi and Tanoma had been gone for five months and she did not know if they were still alive.  Shekarau was made a soldier and taken away to fight in their war.  She hadn't seen him in almost two months.  Their home had been burned down and she was left with only a few blankets and little Auta who could do little else but cry.  Neighbors tried to take them in, but the Virgans fought against their charity, assaulting the people who invited her and destroying their goods.  After one family's home was threatened with fire as the first flakes fell, no more invitations were made.
Huddled under a rocky lee in the mountainside, blankets pulled tightly all over her body and head, the baby snuggled up to her breast with his head nestled against her neck.  She knew, as much as they shivered now, it had not yet gotten as cold as it would.  She feared for what the weeks ahead might mean.
Early one morning, Auta sneezed against her skin and woke her.  She heard him cough a raspy, rattling cough that carried depth despite being from such a small body.  Fara felt the child's heat and she knew the boy had a fever.
No one in the village offered her aid.  They feared the illness Auta carried, but more present in their minds, they feared the ever-watchful eyes of the Virgans who stayed near the former priestess.  Tearfully, she begged.  For two days, she tried to feed the baby, but his throat hurt and he only cried.  Warm root teas seemed to quieten him at first, but then he rejected that, too.  Four days after that, with the child crying the entire night, Fara did not sleep and Auta burned like a fire.  
She awoke in the morning.  She was surprised that she had fallen asleep at all.  Huddled under the blankets, Fara was pleased to hear that the child now slept, too.  Then, with horror, she realized that she no longer felt his breath against the skin of her neck.
She quaked.  She did not look at him, but her fingers probed Auta's body and found it limp.  With a single, sustained push, she expelled every bit of air from her lungs and cast aside the blankets.  The early morning air assaulted her with vigor and she no longer shook in the cold.
Fara stood and looked across Gobir.  She saw only two of her neighbors.  There were six Virgan soldiers, however.  Four sat around a fire at the center of the village and two walked on patrol.
She moved away from the mountainside and into the snow.  It crunched under her feet and her wide eyes focused on the soldiers.  To her left, she saw a small hut where tools were kept for farming.  She turned, stepped through the empty field, and opened the straw door.  She removed an old, dull hand scythe and held it by her side.
Fara breathed deeply.  The air stung her lungs and finally, she released a bellowing scream that brought all the soldiers to a halt.  Facing the four by the fire fifty meters away, she started to walk toward them
She cried out, "Hear me, spirits!  Cast out these people and give us back our homes and lives!"  She got closer and the four stood.  The two on patrol turned back and neared the fire, as well.  "Safeguard the people of Gobir and all who remain in my family, wherever they are!"  The six Virgans began to bark orders at her and they raised their rifles.  "Hear me, spirits, and do my bidding.  Accept this sacrifice."  
She raised the scythe.  The soldiers fired.

Shekarau ran through the snow.  His sides hurt with every breath, but still, he ran.  He carried a heavy load in the pack on his back and his longsword in his hands.  He was surrounded by many others and all of them suffered.  
In the wide valley near Tawa and the Great River, hundreds of natives were trained and conditioned.  They were marched for kilometers by Virgans in vehicles who shouted and jeered them on.  The last to cross the line back into the camp was stripped of his white uniform jacket, chainmail, and other clothes, then tied to a post in the midst of the barracks.  For three hours they remained until a doctor ordered him taken inside.  It happened to Shekarau once, back when the temperatures were mild.  He wouldn't let that happen again.
"To the rack!"
The Virgan lieutenant stood near a long wooden structure crisscrossed with wires and boxes.  Shekarau's unit of recruits stood on spaces under the frame of the structure and Virgans walked behind each of them and attached cables to the metal collars they all wore.
"The enemy."  The officer pointed at the field before them and forty dummies.  They were dirty canvas sacks stuffed with straw and propped against wooden stands.  The lieutenant raised her hand and clicked a piece of metal.  Electricity pulsed briefly through the collars and the soldiers shook.
"Anger!"  She clicked it again and they were shocked.  "Rage!"  Click.  "The enemy!"  Click.  "Attack!"  On the final click, there was no burst of electricity.  Instead, the Sagittarians yelled and ran from the wooden frame, trailing meters of cable behind them.  They fell upon their canvas foe with swords and tore them to pieces.  Wood splintered and straw flew into the air in a grizzly display.  Once they were all dispatched, the lieutenant ordered the recruits to gather up the bodies and reassemble them.
Shekarau sat in the snow and sewed his canvas enemy back together.  As he did, he recalled sitting with his mother and making blankets.  He smiled a little and then felt as though he might cry.  A cold wind blew through the camp and froze his tear in place, though his memory warmed him, somewhat.

"Good morning, Dawi."
The father opened his eyes and looked around the room.  It was still the white hospital chamber.  He turned and saw the doctor, Roul.
"I trust you slept."
He had lived in the medical building for a month since his fall from the tree and the beating he suffered before nearly six thousand natives.  In that time, he had picked up some conversational Leonan from Roul and the others.
"I sleep."
"Very good."  He sat in a chair and wheeled himself up to the side of the examination table.  "Did you eat breakfast yet?"
Dawi thought but his mind was clouded.  "No eat."
"Very good.  I will get food for you later."  The doctor began to lightly press on the father's torso.  "Hurt?"
He shook his head.  "No."
"Good."  Roul then pulled away the sheer fabric of the medical ward's gown and revealed the gaping wound on the native's right side.  A gash opened by his fall and exacerbated by the beating, the doctor saw an opportunity and kept the man under his care.
Roul treated all the other lacerations and the broken bones, but this was a deep wound.  He had left it open ever since.  Dressing was applied near the area to soak up blood and pus, but that was all.  The doctor monitored the wound daily until an infection set in.  Then, Roul gave him an antibiotic, but he kept the wound exposed until the flesh appeared otherwise healthy.
"Necrotizing again, and inflamed," he whispered.  "The bone of the rib is no longer visible.  A different type of medication this time.  Let us see which is the faster."  Roul lowered the fabric back in place and made notes in his book.
Dawi reached for his side and nearly touched the wound.  The doctor saw this and slapped his hand.  "No!  No touch!"  The father nodded and shrank back.
"Hurts," he made a scratching motion with his fingers.
"Itch?"
"Itch."
Roul nodded.  "I will get medicine.  No touch."  The doctor turned toward the counter and gathered an ampule of a narcotic and a new antibiotic to try on the patient.  After filling the syringe with some of each, he pulled down Dawi's left arm and looked in the crook of his elbow.  There were several injection sites.  Roul looked at his right arm next and it somehow appeared worse.  The doctor leaned over the left arm and pinched the man's skin.  When he released it, he watched how the blood flowed and he chose a spot.  As soon as he depressed the plunger, Dawi's eyes fluttered and he fell unconscious again.

Tanoma's work in the dining hall was noticed.
She was quick and precise in the kitchen.  Among the Leonan soldiers, she had her ever-present smile and seemed undaunted by whatever they threw at her.  After a few weeks, she was moved to the officer's mess where she received compliments again and even began to learn some of the language.
This morning was different.  They cooked the food, as always, and she made ready to bus the tables, but an officer called the workers out before mealtime.  Lined up next to her fellow natives, Tanoma looked around, curious.  She saw some of the regular soldiers talking on one side of the room.  Then she saw officers, the ones with the shiny metal on their collars.  After a few minutes of standing there, waiting, Captain Voclan entered the room and walked directly to the line of workers.  Since she was being inspected, Tanoma put on her smile.
Slowly, the captain walked down the line and looked at each of the workers.  He stopped at one boy and waved him forward.  "Go with him."  Ansel pointed at a lieutenant who nodded at him.  Still confused, the teen looked from Voclan to the lieutenant as he slowly moved across the room.  The captain chose two more of the natives and they joined the lieutenant.  Finally, he stopped before Tanoma.  Seeing her smile, the corner of his mouth turned up, too.  "I shall miss you, fair Tanoma."
The girl didn't understand, but her expression was unchanged.  
He pointed to the lieutenant and she followed the others.  Now clustered with her co-workers, the captain joined them and he spoke to the lieutenant directly, "The transport leaves in three days and they'll need that time to recover.  Take them to Dr. Roul now for sterilization."
"Yes, captain."
The lieutenant motioned for the group to follow them out of the dining hall.  Tanoma understood virtually none of Voclan's words, so she bore her grin all the way into the medical building.
XII
PITT
896 Years After Colonization

When the ship landed and the hatch opened, the Duke of Sagittarius emerged and scowled at his surroundings.
The village of Rano.  The grass was green and the soil was brown; tilled and ready.  Bodies littered the paths and fields.  Hundreds of khaki-suited Virgans held the remaining natives at bay with their rifles.  Mannering approached and bowed.  "My duke."
"Brigadier."  Cenric looked down at a river of blood that trickled slowly along the village's main road.  "How many of ours did we lose?"
The general removed his hat and wiped his head.  "Eleven of the squad left here in charge.  Four more when they were reinforced."
"And the savages?"
"More than one hundred."  He waved his hand dismissively.  "Once my men arrived and the first full volley leapt into them, their fight was diminished."
The spring sun bore down on the duke.  He would have been warm enough, but the anger that surged with his pulse made him hot.  Pitt nodded and asked, "What word from our other villages?"
Mannering turned and spoke more softly.  "No open rebellion.  There are still reports of … slow work.  Indifference to authority."
"We are but one month into the planting season …"
"And I fear at this rate, we may not meet our goals for Virgo."  The brigadier put his brown hat with its blue and white feathers back on.  "We may not even harvest enough for our own needs."
Cenric ground his teeth and gripped the belt of his trousers firmly.  "Lord Nigel, I am a proud man, but not so foolish that I cannot admit when I have erred.  I should have taken you up on your advice to burn these villages."  The general did not gloat.  He simply nodded once.  "They have provided an aspiration.  A hope, as you said."
"Indeed."
"You have scouted sites for resettlements?"
"I have."
"Please dispatch crews to begin construction once our work here is finished."
"Yes, my duke."  
"And, as you are able, please give thought to how we might raid the Leo settlements for provisions come the winter, if need be."
He smirked and said, "Yes, my duke."  Mannering turned and looked across Rano.  "What are your orders here?"
Pitt knew what he wanted to do to these heathens.  Then he realized he could make his bloodlust useful.  "We have some twenty-three other villages under our control, yes?"
"Yes, lord."
"Bind and gag twenty-three of these prisoners and stow them aboard the ship."
"Yes, duke."  The brigadier went off and ordered his soldiers to do as he said.  Soon, nearly two dozen men and women natives were pushed or carried into the large Virgan vessel.
The duke walked farther into the village and saw the fearful, crying faces of those left behind.  With a quick glance, he estimated some two hundred remained.  "Lord Nigel."  The older man turned.  "Let us start with Rano.  Set fire to every building."
"Yes, lord."  
Torches were gathered and thrown into the huts and shacks.  The people of Rano cried out and some tried to rise up to save their homes, but they were quickly felled by Virgan rifles.  
As the village of Rano burned and its people wept, Cenric looked at his military commander and said, "Kill them all."
Mannering paused for a moment and then nodded.  "Yes, lord."
The duke turned and walked back to the ship.  When he entered the hatch, he looked toward the rear where the native prisoners were being held.  The rifle fire began.  Pitt saw the men and women's eyes widen and their effort against their bonds.  The gunfire was seemingly endless, and after a couple minutes of struggle, the natives wept and surrendered, slumping against the wall or floor of the ship.
Once it was finished, the brigadier boarded the ship and saluted.  "Rano is clear, my duke."
Cenric remembered being here nearly a year ago.  "I should have done this then."
"Lord?"
"Come.  We fly to Kano."
The flight to Rano's sister village took just moments.  When they landed, the Virgan detail there was surprised and the officer in charge greeted Mannering as he emerged from the ship.  Pitt stayed on the command deck and thought.  Finally, he stood and left the ship.
"Do you have a translator here, lef-tenant?"
The young man said, "None among the savages, my lord.  Myself and one other are fairly good with their tongue."
"This will have to do."  
Cenric walked to the middle of the village and looked around.  The fields in this nook between mountainsides were full of natives working the ground and planting.  They watered and weeded each row.  He raised his eyes and saw the new steps along the hillsides and the many people there, checking the soil.
"My lord."
The duke turned and saw a familiar face.  "Priest Royse.  I was not aware that you were here."
"I've been traveling between the villages for the last few weeks."  She looked back at the ship and saw Mannering.  "What brings you to Kano?"
"I have need to plant a boot in their backsides."  Before she could ask what that meant, the duke walked toward the brigadier and said, "Lord Nigel, please bring forth one of the prisoners from our vessel."
"Yes, my duke."
"Lef-tenant," he faced the young officer, "I have need of a wooden board, approximately two meters square."
"I have seen such a thing, my lord.  Come with me, please."
At one of the equipment huts, the nearly square board was removed and Pitt guided a few Virgans to erect it in the center of the main path, bracing it upright with other boards and bags of sand.  Once they gathered a length of rope, the brigadier approached with a bound and gagged native in tow.
The duke said, "Tie him to the board.  Stretch his arms and legs outward toward each corner.  Keep the knots tight and as far away from the wrists and ankles as possible, nearer the knees and elbows."  Virgan soldiers took the captive and complied.  Cenric looked at the lieutenant and asked, "Who among your people has a firm constitution?"
He looked around the village and then pointed at a woman on patrol.  "Serjeant Hudde."
"Bring her."  
A minute later, the tall, muscular woman neared him and bowed.  "My duke."
"Serjeant, is your sword sharp?"
"Always, my lord."
"It shall get fair use today.  Stand ready and do as I direct.  Immediately."
"Yes, my lord."
Royse had been standing back and watching with concern.  Finally, in the lull, she asked, "My lord, what is happening?"
"I suggest you turn away, Priest Royse.  The day is about to take on an ill pallor, but a necessary one."
She stared at the man who now thrashed against the ropes that held him against the standing plank.  "If you fear for the souls of these people, my lord, I believe I am making progress."
Pitt rolled his eyes.  "These savages' souls are the least of my concerns today."  He faced Hudde and said, "Bring torches, as well."
"Yes, lord."
Royse's mouth fell open.  She stepped between Cenric and Nigel and asked, "What are you about to do?"
"Priest, if you do not stand aside, I shall have you arrested."  She lowered her head slightly and stood still as the two men approached the board.
Hudde had placed a metal bowl with three lit torches next to the prisoner.  She had her sword drawn and her fingers flexed and relaxed on the handle.  "I am ready, lord."
"Lef-tenant, gather all of the villagers so they may bear witness.  Then, you will translate my words."
"Yes, my duke."
It took nearly ten minutes, but all the natives from the fields and the mountainsides filled the paths and nearby plots around the center of the main path.  The prisoner looked and tried to plead with the many onlookers, but he could not speak past the fabric wedged in his mouth.  Worry covered the faces of all who saw and then fear crept on them for they did not know what would come next.
"Village of Kano," Pitt began.  The lieutenant translated and spoke loudly.  "In years past, were your fields on this day as fallow as they are now?  Have you slowed your work?  Do you not toil so hard for your masters as you once did for yourselves?"  As the lieutenant spoke, he saw a few among the natives look down or look away.  Admissions of guilt.
"This will happen no more!"  He looked at Hudde and said, "Remove his left hand."  The serjeant nodded and, with a quick swipe of her sword and a thunk as its edge struck the wood, the man's hand was severed at the wrist.  The captive's muffled screams and thrashings were quickly drowned out by the cries from the people.  "Now staunch the wound with fire."  She picked up one of the torches and pressed it against the spurting stump, still held in place by rope.  The flame sizzled on blood and flesh until Hudde removed the torch and put it with the others so it might regain its strength.
Cenric looked across the people and saw their contained panic.  "You will work!  Or you will suffer as this man does.  He comes from Rano which now burns.  It is no more!  He and his people believed they did not have to work for us, but he was wrong!"  He looked at the serjeant, "Remove his left foot."
The duke didn't watch but he saw the reaction in the people.  Many turned away and a few retched.  He heard the torch being placed against the wound and he looked back at the prisoner.  He was dazed and seemed to be nearly unconscious.  He slapped the man in the face to bring him around and he slowly raised his head.
Pitt turned toward the village again.  "This man and the hundreds of others now dead in Rano believed that they could fight against us.  Do you see how wrong he was?  Right hand."
He heard two slashes from the sword before the sound of the torch.  The exclamations from the people were not as loud as they had been.  The duke said, "If you rise up against us, you will die, your family will die, and your village will burn.  You will work for Virgo and you will worship the Lords of Kobol.  This is the way of things.  If you do not, you will die.  Right foot."  
One slash and then the torch.  The duke looked at the man and saw that he had passed out.  The wooden board and its several gouges were stained.  The ropes, too.  Hudde stood next to the dangling man with her sword, bloodied and ready.  "Cut him down, serjeant, and leave him where he falls."
"Yes, my duke."  With a sickly thump, the prisoner slid and collapsed into the pool of his blood, surrounded by his removed appendages.  He lay there, arms and legs akimbo, and his chest heaved with staggered breaths.
"Lef-tenant, get them back to work and report to Tawa if they do not quicken their pace."
With the blood drained from his face, the young man nodded nervously, "Yes, lord."
"Serjeant Hudde," Cenric said and the woman snapped to attention.  "Get that plank aboard my ship."
"Yes, lord."
The duke faced the brigadier and studied his expression.  It was one of concern, but thoughtful, as though he were analyzing all that transpired and what it might mean.  "Brigadier, once the resettlement cities are built, we will mix all the people up and move them there.  Then, we will burn these villages after the harvest."
"Yes, my duke."
Pitt turned and began to walk back toward his ship when he caught sight of a woman in black kneeling on the ground.  It was Priest Royse.  Her hands were clasped in front of herself and her lips quivered as she mumbled a prayer.  In front of her lay a puddle of vomit in the grass.  The duke said nothing to her and continued on to the vessel where he saw Hudde exiting.
"Serjeant," he said, "I will need you with me.  We have many more villages to visit today."
XIII
DURANT
896 Years After Colonization

"Under consideration."
The message back from the military command on Leo said her request for reinforcements and weapons was "under consideration."
If I were a duke or a baron or a count, there would be no 'consideration' at all.
The major tossed the page onto her desk and stood.  She looked around her office, as though anything in here would help her deal with the myriad problems she faced.  Virgans encroached farther southeast along the river.  More than seven thousand natives were now housed in the camp and a new illness spread among many of them, plus, there might not be enough food in the stores to last through the harvest.  The mining operations were spreading and diverting more labor away from farming and construction.  The new settlements' construction was crawling along and may not be finished by winter.
Leo sent her new mining equipment because they were hungry for gold.  They didn't send her anything else that might help her continue to mine it, such as food, defense, and the like.
The vise tightens.

The major and captains stood on a platform and looked at the field of nearly one thousand recruits.  Wearing dark blue jerkins over chainmail with white pantaloons, they stood apart from the Leonan regulars with their combinations of dark blue and olive drab uniforms.  They had long daggers on their waists and carried rifles in their arms with drab packs on their backs.
"Very impressive, Captain Vaquel," Durant said.  "What a fine, finished product was forged from such raw material."
The captain bowed.  "Thank you, major.  It has been hard work but rewarding."
"I am certain."  Cateline looked at them and turned to Voclan.  "Captain, the map."
"Yes, major."  Ansel removed a page from his jacket and unfolded it.
As she handed it to Vaquel, she said, "Let us have a test.  I would like your soldiers to attack the Virgan outpost here."  She touched the page.  "One hundred kilometers north of where we're building Neufve Lomere."
The captain looked at the map and his eyes drifted toward the Virgo lines.  "Major, if I may ask, why antagonize the Virgans?"
"They creep too near what is ours, for one.  Secondly, I believe they are as off balance as we, and I would like to exacerbate their condition."
"'Off balance?'" Vaquel asked.
Voclan spoke up, "They are receiving as few supply ships as we are.  There was also word of an insurrection in one of their villages.  It was suppressed, naturally, and the village was destroyed.  It is very likely that their crop yields will suffer."
Durant nodded.  "If that is the case, the Virgo will feel the need to strike out come the winter.  I want to bloody their noses now and let them know that we would not be so easily raided."
"Well," Vaquel grinned and looked at his soldiers, "I am certain that my companies can manage that, major."
"Good."
XIV
ADDINI
896 Years After Colonization

Shekarau moved with his unit along the rocky bank.  The wide river was to his right and he faced what had been a Virgan outpost.  The Leo overran it days ago and it appeared as though their forces were still there.  Hundreds of natives in their white uniforms crouched among the trees and bushes a few hundred meters outside of the simple structures.  They could see people there wearing dark blue.  The officers said they were the "enemy."
The Virgan captain raised the small piece of metal.  Click.  A surge rushed through his body and Shekarau joined his comrades, running south toward the outpost.  
It was freeing to run like he did.  He leapt over limbs and plants and used the weight of his rifle to throw himself farther and faster.  But more than that, he knew he was the farthest away from his captors as he could get and going farther, faster.  They reached the halfway point and gunfire erupted from the buildings ahead.  The Virgan squads then began to yell.  The men and women at the front raised their swords and screamed even louder.  They spotted several enemies outside the first building and the swordsmen rushed them and hacked them to pieces.
The riflemen held back and knelt behind a fallen tree.  Bullets rippled across the trunk and Shekarau raised his weapon.  He looked down the sight at a window on the second floor and saw two people there.  One wore a dark blue jacket and fired his rifle down into the rushing soldiers.  The woman behind him wore olive drab and had metal on her collar.  Shekarau knew that was an officer and probably a Leonan.  He aimed at the native for a moment and held his breath.  Not the mutane.  He is just like me.  He moved the rifle a little to his right and zeroed in on the officer.    He raised it a little to account for the distance and squeezed the trigger.  After the noise and smoke died down, he saw that the native soldier was reloading but that the Leonan was gone.  Blood was sprayed on the wall where she had been. 
If he could not fire on the Virgans, he would fire on the next best thing.
He dropped two more officers before his unit left their cover and moved into the outpost itself.  He pressed his back against a wall and listened through an open window as Sagittarians chattered among themselves in their language and discussed a retreat back to the Leo camp.  Shekarau tightened his grip on the rifle and said, "Go, my friends.  We will not fire."  Silence, then the scrambling of feet on the floor and the sound of running.
They walked around the few small buildings and looked south down the river.  Addini saw dozens of natives in Leonan uniforms running into the bushes and trees.  None of his fellow soldiers fired on them.  He looked up at the highest watchtower and saw the purple flag of Leo with its golden lion.  A Virgan climbed up there now with the blue banner of Virgo in hand, ready to replace it.  Soldiers dragged the bodies of dead Leonans into the road, along with the dead natives under their charge.  Shekarau's eyes danced around the place and sought the bodies of his friends.  He only saw two dead soldiers in white jackets.  He sighed and looked at the retreating soldiers again.  Running.  
He felt an urge to run.  Sudden and panicked.  He felt an energy move over his skin as though an officer had clicked their device.  He set the butt of his rifle on the ground and leaned it against the wall of a small shed.  He looked toward the forest as the last Leonan soldier vanished.  His breathing quickened and his muscles tightened.  He hunkered down and made ready to run.
The metal band around his neck clinked against a button on his collar.  
He reached up and touched it.  As he did, he felt the pain of electricity.  It was a memory, but it was as present as if he were connected by cables to a battery right now.  Addini didn't know the collar would have to be connected to shock him; he just knew it did when the Virgans wanted it to.  Then he remembered the threats.
"You fight, or we kill your family!"
"We know who you are!  We know your family!"
"If you die, they die!  If you run, they die!"
Shekarau stood again and lifted his rifle.  With great effort, he looked away from the forest and back into the outpost where Virgan officers now entered and praised the soldiers.  He walked toward them and hung his head low.

He sat on the grass and lifted the bowl to his lips.  He sipped and swished the borassa drink around his mouth and passed the bowl back to Fara.  After he swallowed, he leaned toward her and kissed her.  She smiled and laid her head on his shoulder.
Dawi looked up into the sky.  The stars were bright and he felt that the iskoki had blessed him and his family.  He reached down and held the hand of his little boy, Shekarau.  He bounced and played and ran off toward another hut.  Tanoma hugged her father from behind next and he reached behind his head to pat her as best he could.  He heard the sound of suckling and he looked at Fara.  Auta's eyes were closed and the boy's mother looked down on him, lovingly, and then up at Dawi.  He brushed the baby's cheek with his knuckle and looked again toward the stars.
He had not fully been awake in weeks.  His eyes fluttered and his mouth moved.  Sometimes, he would flail and that led to the doctor placing him in restraints.  The father didn't mind simply because he didn't even realize it.
Dr. Roul pulled the soiled dressing away from his body and threw it into a bin.  "My gods."  The man's flesh was red and swollen.  The right side of his torso was full of fluid and the once-gaping wound had long since closed off because of the inflammation.  The smell of decay was horrific and no amount of antibiotic injections would matter now.
"Well, my friend," the doctor said, "please know that you have saved many of our lives."  Roul looked at the whites of Addini's eyes under his fluttering lids.  "The bacteria and microbes on your world were different enough that some of our best medicines would not work if we were to be infected as you were.  But I found some good treatments."  He looked at the patient's swollen side.  "And some bad ones.  Thank you."
The doctor raised a syringe and injected it into the native's pockmarked right arm.  A few seconds later, Dawi's eyes stilled and a long, light breath left his body.
Roul looked at the nurse and said, "Take his body outside with the others."

Tanoma walked on a new world.
After her visit to the doctor, which left her sore and bandaged on her abdomen, the officers said they were being taken to Leo.  Nearly a hundred of them would travel to the stars and serve the lords and ladies on a distant planet.
"What about our families?" one young man asked.
The officer said, "If you perform well, you will be returned to them."
It was not what they wanted to hear, but it was a small measure of hope.
The trip was disorienting, with multiple "jumps" spread across a couple of days.  Then, their ship jostled through the atmosphere and landed.  When the hatch opened and they walked out into the landing field, they looked around themselves.  The sky was blue.  There were trees.  Low, but distant mountains.  Birds.  It was very familiar, but everything was off.  It was a nagging sensation that plagued her and Addini believed that it proved they were on a different planet.  Indeed, they were shown the great stone castle at the foot of the mountains and the city around it.  Thousands and thousands of people, many of them dressed very differently than anyone they saw on Sagittarius and all of them speaking Leonese.  
Tanoma and a few others were taken to servants' quarters and shown where they would be sharing rooms.  They were given clothes – colorful, nice clothes – that they would wear every day.  She and her roommates smiled at the fancy dresses and thought it may be nice to play officers for a change.  Then, on the first day of their work, they saw what it looked like to serve royalty.
Men and woman wore garish outfits with bright colors and shining metals.  One woman had a floor-length gown studded with gleaming gems.  A man with a full, round belly had a coat that barely closed over it, with all manner of frills and buttons that seemed to draw the eye to his gut intentionally.  He laughed and talked, spinning his finger around his long, long beard.
Addini stared at him and had to be prodded into carrying a drinks tray around the room more than once.  Still, when her mind was on task, she stood erect and moved gracefully.  Her wide smile was on display.  Though she had garnered attention in the camp back home, here, the lords and ladies at this ball seemed to pay her no mind.  They simply took glasses or plates from her tray and continued with their conversations.
At the end of the evening, their handler guided them to the front of the ballroom and the Sagittarian servants were lined in front of a group of people playing musical instruments unlike any she had ever seen.  Tanoma had to stop herself from turning to watch them play.
"I hope you have enjoyed yourselves this evening," a princess said, though Tanoma understood little of this.  "I would like you all to welcome these servants to Chastel de Jehan.  They are from Sagittarius."
When the princess stopped speaking, all the men and women in the room looked with surprise and joy at her at the others.  Addini smiled and felt somewhat embarrassed at such direct attention, but she kept her head high.
Her work in the following days was not so fancy but it kept her busy.  She served other lords and ladies as they dined.  There was talk of a "king," but she wasn't sure she had seen him.  Still, she kept smiling and nodded kindly at the expressions and comments from the Leonans she fed and cleaned up after.  
Two weeks into her service, the handler kept her late from her kitchen duties.  She was tired and knew she would have to sleep soon if she was going to be able to get up as early as she needed.  She walked her through the corridors of the castle to a small storeroom.  There, an older man stood and he stared at her intensely.  He wore a uniform like an officer, but there was much more metal and color on his jacket.  She smiled at him as she had learned to do.  The man gave the handler several coins and as she left the storeroom, the Sagittarian handler, Farren, said in their language, "This is a baron.  Do as he says and keep smiling."
Tanoma didn't know what that meant.  The door clicked shut and the old man embraced her.  She was surprised, but she didn't push him away.  Then he began to kiss her neck, moving up toward her lips.  She jumped back against the wall and pushed his chest.  The baron smiled and forced his way past her arms and began to paw at her sides.  She struggled and squirmed, but when the man's hand went beneath her underwear, anger flashed through her, as did the memory of lessons taught to her by her mother.  Addini swung her leg back and then raised her knee up as hard as she could.
The baron cried out and writhed on the ground.  The door opened and the handler stood there, staring at the old man.  Then she turned and slapped the girl.  She had seen Farren as some kind of a friend, if only because she was from her world.  Tanoma knew she was nothing of the sort when she helped the baron tie her up in the storeroom.
XV
PITT
896 Years After Colonization

He was working in his office when Captain Welche burst in.  "My lord!"
Her volume and the noise of her approach startled him.  "What in the gods' name …"
"Chamberlain Kole is on the transport!  She will be landing presently!"
The duke stood and looked down at his attire.  He wore his usual plain black outfit and his blue jacket.  He crossed the office to the wall where a frame was hung.  He removed the gold badge of office from it and draped it over his head until it hung around his neck.  Once he adjusted it, he turned and said, "Let us go."
As they walked down the stairs and then through the center of Tawa, she said, "Lord Nigel has already been informed.  He will meet us there."
"I see."  The duke thought for a moment and then asked, "Why?"
"The chamberlain requested it."
Cenric nodded.  What could that mean?  She likely just wants a direct report on all fronts of this operation.
The pair left the village and moved toward the landing field where, already, hundreds of soldiers were lining up.  Both regular Virgans and the native companies were fully dressed and in fine form.
"When did Mannering get word?"
"A few minutes before you, my duke."  They walked over a small footbridge until they were moving on the cleared, hard ground.  
Sonic booms sounded above and he looked into the clouds.  It was a Botwulf-class transport, the largest in the royal navy.  Thrusters blasted steam and fire briefly as it slowed and lowered itself.  Wind and dust blew over the ground, forcing most to shield their eyes or turn away.  Then, once it settled, several hatches opened and personnel began to disembark.
"Duke," Nigel said.
Pitt looked at the older man and nodded.  "Brigadier.  Were you expecting the chamberlain?"
"I was not.  I was near the communications office when the signal came in."
"Ah."
After several bright blue-shirted soldiers made preparations to open the main holds, a woman in a long blue and red robe emerged with a young attendant behind her.  She scanned the arrayed crowd and landed her eyes on the lords.  After a moment of walking, she stopped by them and nodded at both.  "Brigadier.  Duke."
"Chamberlain," Cenric bowed.
"It is good to see you again," Mannering said.
"And you, Nigel."  
The duke raised his eyebrows at that.  He turned and gestured toward Tawa.  "Shall we adjourn to my office, my lady?"
"Please."
They turned to depart and High Priest Royse was standing behind them.  Both Mannering and Pitt nodded toward her briefly and she bowed.  When she raised her head, she was smiling.
The duke felt an unease about the situation now.  He decided he had to talk.  "You have arrived at a fortuitous time, chamberlain.  The harvest season is nearly complete."
"I understand there was some difficulty earlier in the year."
He blushed and said, "There was, my lady, but it was quickly addressed.  I am pleased to say that all manner of bins, bags, and barrels are being filled with crops from the fields and mountainsides now."  He smiled and looked at her.  "Any fears that we would not have enough to sustain ourselves have proven false.  We shall even have a mild surplus to send home to Virgo with you, chamberlain."
"I see."  That was all she said.
Cenric's mind raced and he tried to think of other good news.  Any good news.
"On the north side of the river, we also have discovered trees which produce natural rubber sap.  I believe that can be harvested easily and profitably."  Kole only nodded.  "And, thanks to Lord Nigel," he gestured toward the uniformed man, "we have also discovered veins of resources in the mountains."  They entered the village and walked between the buildings.  "Coal, iron, tin.  That is all we have found with the rudimentary equipment we have on hand, but I am certain that more is simply waiting for us."  Again, the chamberlain did not respond.  The three walked up the stairs and then into the duke's office.  "I intend to send a requisition for more equipment with you."
"Sit, please."  She sat in one chair and the brigadier sat in the other.  
Slowly, Pitt walked around his desk and sat behind it.  Deliberately, he put his arms on the top and clasped his hands.  "What is it, chamberlain?"
She reached into her jacket.  "I have her majesty's order here, should you like to read it."  It was a scroll sealed with blue wax.  "Her majesty has seen fit to rescind the decree bestowing the duchy of Sagittarius to you, Lord Cenric."
He simply blinked at her.  "I do not understand."
"Your high priest.  Royse.  She sent messages to Virgo, not only to the queen, but to the Church, as well."  The duke's skin flushed hot again.  "They publicized what has transpired here.  The mutilations.  The mistreatment of prisoners and servants."
"'Mistreatment?'"  The chamberlain nodded.  "I was told when I was given this post that I would have a free hand in determining how to handle any natives we encountered."
"And so you have," Kole answered.  
"These are animals," Pitt snarled, "who do not recognize superiority even when it appears as magic to them.  They defiled the memory of the Lords of Kobol and their birthright as exiles by debasing themselves with paganism and debauchery and …"
"Cenric," the chamberlain raised her hands, "do not think that the queen cares about your mistreatment of the natives.  She does not."
He narrowed his eyes.  "Then …"
"The news of the 'atrocities,' as some call it, drew undue attention onto this venture.  It even raised the ire of the Queen's Council and the Church, some priests of which spoke publicly against you.  This is all more scrutiny than her majesty was willing to endure, given other matters more pressing at home."  Kole saw that the man didn't seem to understand so she continued, "Word of a minor rebellion spread.  Word that you may not meet your harvest goals.  News of the outpost being overrun by the Leo."
Pitt interrupted, "That was retaken within a week."
"It matters not.  These are of greater concern than mutilated savages.  It all conspired to become an embarrassment for the crown, so there must be a sacrifice."
Sacrifice.  Hearing the word made him think back to the Stone of Kobol he found, filled with the goat's blood in some heathen ceremony.  He almost chuckled.  "So I am removed."
"You are."  Kole looked to her right and said, "Lord Nigel, her majesty has named you duke of Sagittarius."
He smiled and bowed toward the chamberlain.  "Please thank her majesty, humbly, on my behalf."
"I will."
Cenric sighed.  "Then what shall become of me?"
"You will return to Virgo with me and give Castle Aurelius a wide berth for a time.  You have your earldom, still."
"I do."
"There you are."  The chamberlain looked at Mannering and said, "Despite the slight surplus, I fear that the queen has need of a further sacrifice from Sagittarius."
"Of course, chamberlain," the brigadier said.  "What does her majesty require?"
"She requires that you meet the harvest goals agreed upon last year and send the necessary foods to Virgo."
Pitt tsked.  "That would mean a halving of stores for the coming year.  Thousands of Virgans and natives will starve."
"The queen needs to have a victory."  She looked at the brigadier.  "And you will need a victory, too, so soon after you take office."
Mannering nodded and straightened the front of his uniform jacket.  "Anticipating a deficit in our stores, I have prepared plans for raiding Leo encampments and taking what provisions we require."
"Very good, my lord."
Cenric shook his head and stood.  He recalled asking Mannering to draw up those plans months ago.  He could have objected, but he knew it was pointless.  Slowly, he reached up around his neck and removed the gold chain and badge of office.  He placed it gingerly on the desktop, straightened the laurel-shaped oval, and bowed.  "I would say, Lord Nigel, to keep a firm grip on these people and their ways, despite the Church."  He glanced at the brigadier and sniffed.  "You are not ignorant of these people, of course."
"I am not, earl.  And I shall."
He nodded toward each of them, "Duke.  Chamberlain."
"Earl Cenric." 
After he left his office, he walked through the streets toward his home.  He saw Makau standing next to a lieutenant, translating her words for a crew of native workers.  His eyes danced away toward the mountains and fields surrounding Tawa.  He took a deep breath and winced at the cold sting.  Damn this place.
XVI
DURANT
896 Years After Colonization

The sun set behind them.  Two soldiers, lying on the ground, had their rifles aimed toward the distant field.  Both had magnifying scopes attached and both men stared through them with one eye shut.
"I have a rat.  Is that a rat?"
"North side?  Yes."  He moved his rifle a little.  "I have two crows."
"Hm."  The caporal gasped excitedly.  "My rat is digging."
"Damn."  The serjant watched his crows for several seconds.  "Do something."
"The crows usually wait until a third joins them."
"My luck."
The caporal's finger hovered above the trigger.  "I think the rat is coming out."  He saw the fleshy tail wag and then its head emerged.  It was dragging something, but it wasn't until the rat tried to get it over a bump that the caporal recognized it.  "It's an arm!"
"Damn."  The serjant moved his scope toward the rat.  "Confirmed.  Are you going to take it?"
"Wait."  He watched as the rat dragged and dragged.  Finally, the rodent stopped to take a breath and it sat up to look around.  He squeezed the trigger.
"Ha," the serjant laughed.  "You missed.  It's run away now."
"Shit."  The caporal sat up and watched two birds fly into the air.  "And so have your crows."
"What?"  When the serjant turned to look, he saw someone approaching their position at the fence.  He stood and saluted.  "Major."  The caporal did the same.
She looked toward the field.  "What was the game?"
The serjant and caporal shared a glance.  The caporal straightened and said, "Rains have washed away a lot of the soil from the burial field, so birds and animals come to take the bodies."  He stopped, expecting to see disgust in the officer's face.  When she looked at him expectantly, he continued, "When we spot an animal, we wait for it to dig into the pit.  If they emerge with a part," he swallowed, "we may fire."
"How much?" the major asked.
Again, the pair shared a look.  "Five livre for a rat.  Seven for a bird.  Twenty for a mountain beast."
Eagerly, Durant looked toward the field.  "Have you seen one?"
"No, major," the serjant said.  "No one has.  That is why it's twenty livre."
"I see."  She studied their expressions and noted their surprise.  "I was enlisted, too.  One day, I shall tell you of my time on Taurus and how we passed the long nights under their ringed moon."  She looked over her shoulder at the fences and camps.  "Now, though, I must speak to the mortuary officer.  There's an illness among the Yauri.  I fear we shall have to resort to pyres now if things are so bad we wager on the carrion creatures."  Cateline shook her head and muttered, "Such is what we get for trying to bury these heathens with a measure of dignity."  She clapped the serjant on the arm and said, "Keep up the watch and mind your aim," she pointed to the caporal.  "I will have the mortuary detail soak the ground with fuel and burned when the pyres go up, so earn as much as you may 'til then."
"Aye, major," the caporal said.  "Thank you."
Durant walked from the outer perimeter toward the larger buildings at the center of the camp.  She heard a noise overhead and looked up.  The darkening sky was clear and she could easily see the thrusters of a small ship as it descended toward the western landing field.  She quickened her pace and changed her direction so she might stop by the command post.  Instead, Voclan came running at her.
"Major.  We just received a signal."
"Do you know who it is?"
Her pace maintained and Ansel fell in behind her.  "Not yet, no."
"Then come with me."
They were quiet for a bit, but the captain asked, "Who might it be?"
"It's a small transport, so it cannot be more mining equipment.  It cannot be more soldiers or weapons.  Certainly not the vehicles I have requested and been denied."
Voclan was silent again and then he whispered, "Is it the vise?"
They crossed onto the landing field as the ship purged its vents.  "That's the trick of command, captain.  There is always a vise."
When the hatch opened, two crewmen jumped to the ground.  One removed a series of panels that created a set of steps while the other tended to the engines and other parts.  A man in a yellow and white suit emerged first.  He immediately descended the steps and extended his hand up to the opening.  A woman appeared.  She was wearing an elaborate yellow dress with a thick, black, fur cape hanging on her shoulders.  A wide-brimmed white hat shielded her from the sky.  The man took her hand and led her toward the officers and gestured toward the woman.
"I present the Marchis de Sagitaire, Lady Eudice Onfoyle."
The woman, in her fifties, daintily extended one hand and the major grasped it, shaking once.  She looked into her eyes and said, "It is my pleasure to meet you, Major Durant."  She then looked away.
"The same, my lady."  She shook her head once and said, "Forgive me, but 'marchis?'  I am not familiar with this title."
"The king has seen fit to create it and bestow the title to my family," she said.  She waved toward the transport.  "His majesty's order is on a scroll inside, if you care to read it."
"Perhaps later."  Durant nodded to her right.  "This is Captain Ansel Voclan, my second."
"Captain."  Again, the marchis slowly extended her hand until the captain shook it and bowed.  Then she withdrew it and kept her arms protected under the flaps of her cape.  "My husband, Lord Gosse Onfoyle."  He bowed.  Nervously, she looked around at the ramshackle buildings, hastily assembled and repaired with only the plainest wood and metal.  "Where shall I find my chambers?"
"If you will permit me a few more questions, marchis," the major said, "may I ask what … are you going to be doing here?"
Their eyes met once again, but briefly.  "At the behest of his majesty, I am taking command of this world."
Durant and Voclan shared a look.  "Very well.  Administrative command?  Military command?"  She struggled not to smile.
"All of it."  She didn't look at Cateline and began to walk toward the buildings.  "I will make all the decisions regarding this world."  Her husband followed closely behind and never walked even with her.
Ansel lowered his head and tried to whisper to the major, but she waved him off.  "I see.  So I am being recalled to Leo?"
"No," the lord said.  "You will report to me."  
Now Durant was confused.  When she looked toward the marchis, she turned and said, "I have given the power over military decisions to my husband."
"I served in the colonel general's office for several years."  The small man nodded and moved away from the officers so he could stay at the lady's right-rear.  In the center of the camp's administration area, they stopped and the royals began to look around at the signage and flags.  As they did, Cateline pieced it all together in her head.  
We found gold so they sent equipment for us to dig more.  But back home, there was a power struggle.  Now that Sagittarius was attractive, the nobility fought for control, and she, Durant stared at the lady, won it.  How?  Philippe isn't known for being as lecherous as others …
"Is this it?" Lady Eudice pointed at the main building with the large observation tower.
"It is."
Saying nothing, the Onfoyles moved toward it and entered.  After wandering aimlessly for a few moments, the major led them toward her office.  While they looked at the weapons on the walls and the view out the window, Durant sat and folded her arms.  "Shall I provide you with a status report of your new realm, my lady?"
For only the third time, the marchis looked at Cateline and said, "I suppose so."
"Here at Camp Philippe, we house some nine thousand, one hundred natives.  They have come from the twenty-seven villages along the river and mountains that we have claimed.  Construction has already begun on six new villages where the natives will be resettled.  Fields are being prepared for the first use this coming planting season, which will begin in …"
"What about the gold?" Gosse interrupted.
She glared at him and said, "It is being mined here, at the camp, and there are scouts in the mountains nearby who believe they have found two other veins.  The operations have been kept discreet, lest the Virgans find out."
The marchis moved a framed medal on the major's desk.  "My first goal will be to increase mining and refinement."
Durant tried to avoid rolling her eyes.  "That will be difficult to keep discreet."
"We have our soldiers here," the lord said.  "The Virgans cannot overwhelm us."
"We have some sixteen hundred Leo soldiers and personnel here now.  We have weapons and munitions for them all.  However, command has not granted my requests for airships, sea vessels, land vehicles, additional horses for cavalry, or heavy artillery.  Virgans have at least some of these things.  It will be difficult to fend them off if they venture south again."
"And, marchis," Voclan said, "we have reason to expect that the Virgans will seek to raid our settlements for food as winter nears."
"Hm."  She wandered back toward the wall but kept her hands held close to her chest and under her cape.  "I had been told there were well over three thousand soldiers here."
"When one includes the native companies," the captain said, "yes."
"Oh, they do not matter."
Onfoyle shook his head.  "I will be disbanding them soon."
"I would strongly advise against that."  Her tone drew looks from both nobles.  "The Virgans have a substantial native force, as well.  Both sides have been tested in battle in a few skirmishes along the river.  They should not be underestimated.  And Virgan regulars outnumber Leonan."
The husband nodded.  "I will consider it."
The marchis shook her head.  "We have our plans and goals, major.  You shall be notified of them soon and then I expect you to abide by them."
Durant took in a deep breath and looked at Voclan.  With her fingers, she made a slow pinching motion, then she stood.  "In fact, my lady, lord, I shall immediately be requesting a transfer."
The marchis smiled.  "Approved.  You are dismissed.  I will have your … things sent to you."
Cateline stood and walked away from her desk.  As she neared the door, she heard Gosse Onfoyle say, "Captain Voclan, is it?  Would you prefer major?"
A minute later, she was outside and walking to her home.  Is it still my home?  She heard running behind her.
"Major, please."
Durant faced the tall man and smiled.  "Major.  At least you've come by your rank honestly."
"Please don't go."
Durant sighed and gripped Ansel's arm.  "One last lesson of command, hm?"  Disappointed, he just nodded.  "A good commander must know when to retreat."  She nodded toward the command post, "And now is an excellent time for me to retreat."
Voclan straightened and saluted.  "Thank you, major."
She returned the gesture.  "Thank you, major."
As Cateline turned away, Ansel said, "Perhaps now you may visit Pisces and add to your collection of swords."
She smiled at him, "Perhaps."
XVII
ADDINI
897 Years After Colonization

Click.
He didn't hear it in the world; he heard it in his head.
He and his fellow soldiers trudged through the snow.  The distant cannon had stopped, but most of the buildings of the new Leo village still stood, coated with fire.  The low storehouses of food were near the center and they were untouched.
Shekarau raised his rifle and aimed at a group of Leo troops.  There was an officer, three Leonan regulars and four natives.  He didn't choose his target.  He shot into the group and began to reload.  Once his team joined him, the enemy was soon down.
They ran to the next building.  The second floor above them was in flames and heat pulsed down onto their heads.  A squad of Leo soldiers ran past and took cover at another building's corner without noticing Addini's Virgan troops.  With a sense of disbelief, the six native soldiers raised their rifles and began to fire.  One of the Leonans fired back, felling a comrade of Shekarau's, but they were dead shortly after.  The group then studied their foe.  Slumped against a wall, dark red flowing from them and melting the white snow.  They all felt something for these people, but it wasn't hate, as much as the Virgans wanted them to feel it.
Click.
Addini turned and looked through the blasted-open doorway.  A group of Leonan native troops were lined against a stone wall.  A Leonan officer was carefully stalking away and trying to see the position of the enemy.  After a quick hand gesture, Shekarau went through the doorway and hid behind a stack of boxes.  Once the rest of his squad was in position, they rose up and began to fire.
His rifle misfired.
The pan sparked but no bullet was launched from the barrel.  Knowing it would take too long to reload, he reached toward his waist and removed the short sword there.  Three of his squadmates had been hit and fell to the ground.  Shekarau rose and ran toward the stone wall.  As he did, he saw two other comrades in hand-to-hand with other soldiers.  He looked at the Leonan soldier in dark blue ahead of him and barreled toward her. 
His shoulder caught the woman in her stomach and they fell back against the wall.  She butted him in the face with the stock of her rifle.  As he stumbled back, she aimed it and pulled the trigger.  When nothing happened, Addini kicked it from her hands and tackled her again.  He slashed at her torso with the sword, and as he rose, she punched him in the chin.  His head flew up and she reached her hands around his throat to choke him.  Instead, her fingers found the metal of the collar he and all the Virgan native soldiers wore.
"Menene wannan?"
Hearing his own language, the rage poured from him until he was empty.  He lowered his sword arm and looked at her.  This was no Leonan.  She was a native.  A mutane.  She wore their uniform because she, like he, was forced to join them. 
"What is this?" she asked again.
"The army collar.  It hurts us so we obey."
She understood.  She reached toward the slash he had made across her chest and pulled down the dark blue fabric.  There, swollen and raised from her skin was a scar in the shape of a lion.  "They burn us."
He nodded and rolled off her and into the snow.  The cold around his head soothed him and then seemed to burn.  In his mind, he heard the click, but he didn't feel the anger.  He didn't feel the shock across his skin.  He just laid there and stared into the sky.
"I must go," she said.  She stood and reached down for his hand.  
He looked at it for a long moment before he took it.  She pulled him up, saw his tearful eyes, and nodded once.  After she grabbed her rifle, she ran.
Shekarau sheathed his sword and walked back to where he had left his rifle.  Standing there, waiting, he saw a short Virgan lieutenant.
"Kill her!"
Addini snapped to attention and did not respond.
The lieutenant withdrew the metal device and clicked it.  Shekarau didn't react.  Seeing that, the lieutenant then took a baton from his belt and raised it to strike him, but Addini leaned forward and stopped his arm mid-swing.  The pair fell against the wall, and while the larger man had his superior pinned, he reached for his belt, took out his sword, and then stabbed the Virgan in the gut.  The lieutenant's eyes were wide with surprise and fear.  He slumped to the ground and began to mutter.
There was a gunshot.
Shekarau looked at his chest and watched blood spread across his white jacket from the left side.  He felt dizzy and dropped to his knees.  When he looked up, he saw the raised rifle of a Virgan native soldier, a mutane.  She was young and frightened, too.
When he fell, he rejoiced in his freedom and smiled.

Tanoma did not smile anymore.
With the lack of her cheerful disposition, she no longer served the nobles for meals or at high functions.  She was forced to work the kitchens with the older servants, both Leonan and not.  On one morning, she had garbage duty and she wheeled a cart outside to the rear of the castle.  Chastel de Jehan was carved into a terminus of an Argentan Mountains spur.  On this side of the old structure, the surrounding forest was close by, separated from the castle grounds by a wrought iron fence.
Addini stood in the warm breeze, listening to the rustle of leaves, and turned her face toward the mountain wall one hundred meters away.  She looked up toward the peaks, up the sheer face of the rock, and her eyes drifted to the right and into the forest.  She heard a tittering and she looked toward the ground.  In between a pair of iron bars, a brown-grey mammal sat.  A kind of squirrel, it had large black eyes which bulged from the front of its face, but the color of its fur on its ears made it appear that it had another pair of eyes there, too.  Tanoma was at first frightened by the sight of a four-eyed animal, but when it flicked its ears and squeaked again, she thought it cute and grinned a little.  The squirrel sat up and then darted into the forest.
She took the cart to the side of the trash bins and emptied it.  The core of an apple fell onto the ground and once her work was finished, she picked it up and walked to the iron fence.  She knelt down and placed the apple core on the ground where the squirrel had been.  As she did, she saw that the iron bar at this spot was loose.
Tanoma froze.  She looked back toward the castle and saw no one.  Gingerly, she reached out to the bar and touched it.  She pushed a little and it began to give way.  Her breathing quickened and she released it.
Later, in the kitchen, as she cut vegetables, she had formulated her plan.  She grabbed a carrot to cut and she surreptitiously dropped another one into her apron's pocket.  She did this until it was about half full.  At night, to avoid Farren and whatever foul task she had in mind, Tanoma didn't sleep in the servants' quarters.  She slept among the garbage carts, beside the bins and trash.  
For four days, she collected fruits and vegetables and stored them in a corner by the garbage bins, hidden by a broken wicker basket.  At the end of the fifth day, she spied Farren moving among the workers and Addini slipped down behind the table where she worked.  Still holding the knife for cutting vegetables, she looked at it carefully and imagined what she might do.  Farren's boots walked by on the other side of the table and out of the kitchen.  Tanoma breathed again and decided that it was time.
She took a basket of perfectly good fruits to the garbage cart and set it inside, covering them with a burlap sack.  She retrieved her stash of vegetables, too, and emptied the broken basket into the bin.  She rolled the cart away from the kitchen and past the Leonan minder who only gave her and the garbage a cursory glance.
Outside again, she breathed deep.  She took the cart to the bins and opened the burlap sack.  Once she had filled it with the fruits and vegetables, she looked toward the iron fence.  The squirrel wasn't there, but she remembered where it had been.  After a glance up at the castle revealed no one watching, she went to the fence and pushed on that iron bar.  She crouched low and stepped through.  The sack snagged briefly on the broken post, but it came free, and after a quick trot, she was well into the forest and concealed.
Tanoma was still but she breathed heavily.  Almost in a panic.  She was out, free, but where would she go?  How could she survive in the wilderness of an alien world?  She cried and then, above her in the trees, she heard the tittering of a squirrel.  She looked up, smiled, and then decided to follow its noise.  
She walked through the forest until it became a hill and she ascended.  Soon, the cover of the trees thinned and she was among smaller bushes and plants.  The ground was now stone and Addini looked back at her path.  The forest was largely behind and below her.  The castle was around a bend in the rock and nearly out of her sight.  She looked up and saw only the slope of the mountains.
Mountains.  Tanoma breathed deep and recognized the scent of rock.  These were different, but they reminded her of home, so she climbed.
XVIII
ZAREK
Unknown Years Before Activation

"You know, I only ever spoke the truth."
She laughed.
"No, I'm serious."  Tom leaned forward as far as he could.  "I did.  You may not have liked what I said, but it was true."
"OK," Roslin said.  She turned the chair next to him around so that it faced him.  When she sat, she said, "I'll play along.  For the moment."
Zarek blinked.  "I've only ever wanted to hold people in power accountable.  That's all.  The best weapon for that is the truth.  I've been willing to pay the price, too.  Prison."  He looked down at himself.  "This."
Laura adjusted her glasses.  "Yeah."
"If, somehow, you were president of the Colonies and there had been no attack, there's no way you could have gotten away with the things you've done.  You and Adama.  No way.  All of the executive orders?  All the times you both ignored the Quorum?  Violations of the Articles?  Forcing the installation of a pseudo-president who just happens to be the admiral's son?  The press would have roasted you, and I mean more than the dozen people on Colonial One.  I mean the media of all the Twelve Colonies.  The Quorum and Council would have started inquiries and probably even impeachment proceedings."  Roslin smiled and nodded.  "You would have been dragged to Libran and brought before the Supreme Hall of Justice."
"But that's the past, Tom."  She tilted her head and spoke with only the slightest hint of sarcasm.  "I don't want to hold on to the fantasy of what was."
"So you do listen.  Sometimes."
"The gardener on Cloud Nine, remember?"
"Yes.  I wonder what happened to him."  Zarek took a deep breath and said, "The point is, you and Adama both acted unilaterally and endangered all that remains of humanity.  You tried to suspend or circumvent democracy just because you thought that you knew best, time and time again over the last four years."
"Minus a year or so under Baltar."
"Of course," Tom sighed.  "Don't try to distract from my point, Laura."  
She raised her eyebrows, surprised at his sudden acrimony.  "Bill and I only ever wanted to lead the fleet to safety."
"Yes.  Earth.  Your shared fantasy with the admiral that you inflicted on us all."  Zarek looked toward the ceiling and said, "Someone once described you to me as a 'benevolent tyrant.'"  He looked at her and, with another thoughtful blink, shifted tones again.  "You're more like a mother who lives in a primitive village.  Outside, in the night, a powerful enemy stalks and kills everyone they see.  You don't want the baby to cry out, so you cover its mouth.  You think you're protecting us, but you're really smothering us."
She stared at him and her expression hardened.  "I could certainly describe you with a choice analogy or two."
"Oh, I'm sure," he tried to adjust his posture, but the restraints kept him tied to the chair firmly.  "Let's remember how we got here.  The Quorum held a vote on keeping Cylons off civilian ships.  The Roslin-Adama dictatorship decided that the Articles somehow didn't apply in this situation and ordered Marines to storm ships that didn't comply.  Marines accompanied by the same faces of the Cylons who killed almost thirty billion of us."
"It was necessary," Laura said.
He smiled and nodded.  "Of course it was.  It always is."
"I'm the president and he's the admiral.  We know what's best for our futures."
"There you go.  That's the thing that galls me about you and Adama.  You're not our 'space parents,' but that's how you behave.  You can't see what it's like for the 'children.'  You can't see it from the perspective of me, or the Quorum, or the other forty thousand people in the fleet.  You never explain anything to anyone and then you wonder why people have to be dragged, kicking and screaming, along with you."
"That's not true.  We had the Cylon leader, Natalie.  She spoke to the Quorum."
"Only after you were goaded into it by Lee."  Her face fell and Tom smiled again.  "Mm?  How much of it is your pride?  How much of it is that religious thing that you refuse to let go, even after we found Earth?"  As she looked away in thought, Zarek grinned.  "Like I said, I only ever spoke the truth.  If this fleet finds a home, you may be proven to be a good leader, but you've been a terrible president."  His smile vanished and he seemed blank.
Laura lowered her head to look into his face.  Finally, softly, she asked, "What is that you feel?  Regret?"
"No.  It's desperation."
"Because of what's about to happen?"
"No.  It's because of what might happen after I'm gone.  I tried and failed to make a change."  He looked at her and she could sense the anger from him.  "The fate of humanity is now firmly in yours and Adama's hands, and I fear for it."
"Are you sure you don't feel that way because you lost your chance to seize power?"
"For my own personal gain?"  She nodded.  "Laura, I thought we were coming to an understanding."  He sighed again.  "There is a kind of quiet desperation that people like me feel."
"People like you?"
He nodded.  "I grew up on Sagittaron.  Quiet desperation is all most of us ever felt."
"But classhood was eliminated decades ago."
Zarek laughed.  "Right, as though that was the beginning and end of all the problems on Sagittaron.  Liberal college students across the worlds with posters on their dorm walls.  'End Classhood Now.'"  He shook his head.  "That was just the surface of the problem.  And the Colonial government did nothing to help what lied beneath."
"What about the Colonial Fund?"
"Yes, and the Structural Adjustment Programs."  Roslin nodded.  "That's what we call neo-imperialism."  When he saw her confused face, Tom said, "You didn't read my book, did you?"
"No."
"Well, despite their objections to getting involved in the Cylon War, the people in power on Sagittaron liked the influx of funds from the new federal government.  When the war ended, those same people wanted to be sure that the well never ran dry, so they diverted money that should have been spent on infrastructure for the whole world into their own pockets.  That only lasted about a decade before the CF stepped in."
"Is this when you blew up the building?"
Zarek smirked.  "Not yet, but we're getting there."  He stretched his neck and continued, "The fund kept the ruling class flush, but it never trickled down to the people who needed it.  The Colonial Fund threatened a tighter rein on things, so the ruling class left, creating a succession of power vacuums.  This led to new governments, years of political instability, and the dreaded 'a'-word.  Austerity.  Forced limits by the CF meant the money that fell into the hole dug by the old ruling class kept falling and there wasn't as much left for social programs, which set the people at large even further back."
"Your dissertation on post-war economic policy is fascinating, but I'm afraid we're running out of time."
"Well, you asked.  I'll go back to desperation.  Desperation is what Sagittaron as an entire planet felt for the last thirty years because of the federal system.  The CF tied the hands of the government.  The corporations, which were invited in by the CF, took control of my world's resources and any economic growth that we might have enjoyed, so Sagittaron stagnated and then regressed.  The government couldn't repay the loans and then had to take out even more loans to keep up on the interest."
"What about the reparations?" she asked.
Tom shook his head.  "Barely enough to keep the lights on.  Not enough for the kind of debt Sagittaron was forced to take on.  So.  A desperate world.  And desperate people.  Beholden to a federal system that was only interested in us to staff the private companies that sent food and other goods off world."  He paused and softly said, "That's when I blew up the Treasury building."
Roslin nodded.  "Because they oversaw the Colonial Fund."
"Exactly."  Zarek looked around the launch tube where he sat and waited.  "I have seen, for years, many of the same kinds of abuses and arrogance in yours and Adama's leadership that I saw in the history of my world.  Centuries under the boots of the Virgan and Leonan Empires.  Two hundred years of classhood.  Decades under the thumb of the Colonial government and their willing accomplices, the corporations.  Everything my world achieves is taken, and the other Colonies are happier for it."
"'Achieved,'" she corrected.  He smirked and began to nod.  "'Was.'  'Were.'"
"Thanks for keeping me honest, Laura."
"It's the past, Tom.  You're supposed to look toward the future."
He blinked and nearly winced at hearing the word, "future."  "You're right.  But the past, of course, informs the future.  There's a difference in trying to reclaim a life from a fantasy past and trying to live in a better tomorrow because we've learned from history."
A squad of Marines entered the deck.  A pair of men dragged Felix Gaeta toward the launch tube and they stayed back as Roslin stood and returned the chair to its original position next to Zarek.  "Since I will see tomorrow," she said, "I will keep that in mind.  Goodbye, Mr. Vice President."
His eyes met Gaeta's and then danced toward the Marines, Tigh, the Adamas, and Baltar.  He looked back at her and said, "Goodbye, Madam President."
XIX
DULU
1,259 Years After Colonization

When she saw the nearly empty plate come through the kitchen doors, she knew it was time for her to return.
For the last few minutes, Amice and the other vaslets were enjoying the remnants of the marinated leeks and mustard sauce.  The last from the pot, the rejects, these were eaten by the servants and heartily enjoyed.  Rich flavors that they only rarely experienced.
Dulu wiped her mouth and stood.  Once she straightened her black jacket, she walked back into the dining hall.  There, she saw her master sitting at the head of the long table and engaged in lively banter with the rulers of the Leo cities.  In the aftermath of the main course, some were lighting their fumarella pipes and blowing smoke into the air.  Behind her, the kitchen doors opened again and servants emerged with bottles of red wine and plates of fruit.  They were all placed on a side table, and there, the vaslets of each ruler gathered glasses and small serving dishes.  
Amice took the food and drink to the side of the Marchis de Sagitaire, her master.  He was Lord Henri Castan, the ruler of the Leonan nation Coste de Or.  A man in his fifties, he was stern at the palace but lighthearted with his peers.  After placing the wine and pear by Castan's place, she bowed and stepped back until she was against the rear wall.  The marchis didn't acknowledge her; he just wrapped his ringed fingers around the stem of the glass.
"It was delicious, Henri," the ruler of Corone said.  He dabbed at his mouth with a cloth and said, "I do not know if you are trying to stoke the desires of Venus in me by serving such food, but I must say, it's working."
Several around the table laughed and the marchis raised his glass.  "You know me too well, Eliot."  The laughter continued and he sipped the wine.  "Or perhaps I am only preparing you for a visit by the prince royal."
Eliot's face went to stone.  "He is coming?"
"There are rumors," Castan swirled his glass, "and I am certain he would be none-too-pleased with your yield."
As the ruler of Corone looked down at the table, his vaslet removed the empty dinner plate and placed a wine glass and fruit plate down.  Eliot fidgeted for a moment, reaching toward the wine and then the fruit.  "The marchis knows the state of things in Corone.  The mountains encircle us, and winter remains for a month longer than near the river, so our crops are not as plentiful.  And the mines, the mines work all year, but the disruptions caused by …"
"I know, Eliot," Castan said.  "I am telling you what I have heard.  You know what I have had to report to Lomere."  
The Corone vaslet stepped back against the wall, next to Amice.  He stretched his shoulders for a moment until he settled into a relaxed position.
"I do."  The ruler nodded.  "Thank you, Henri."
"Of course."
"Marchis," another lord asked, "are there other cities over which the prince royal might be concerned?"
Castan chuckled and sipped his wine again.  "Any city that has not met their goals, Darcie.  Whatever those goals may have been.  Food production, fumarella, gold and metals, minerals, labor.  It matters not.  I try to provide context to the crown when I send my reports, but we know how little they care for excuses, no matter how valid they are."
The oldest leader in the room, the gray-haired lord of Neufve Redon, said, "There is only so much time until the well of this world runs dry.  Be it the soil or the gold in its hills, Sagittarius will no longer be profitable at a point."
As he chewed a bite of pear, Castan answered, "Which is why both Virgo and Leo created our nations here.  We are subject to our respective crowns and pay tribute, but should there no longer be a profit, they may cut us free.  Permanently.  And then, we shall die."
The vaslet next to Dulu whispered, "You will."
Amice looked at him and saw a knife held by his side.  When he took a step forward, she lunged ahead of him and elbowed him in the side of the head.  He collapsed to the wooden floor and the blade skittered away.
"My gods," someone said.
The marchis stood and looked at the unconscious man.  "Who is this?"
"My vaslet," Eliot said.  He immediately clasped his hands and pleaded, "My lord, I had no idea …"
"Guards," Castan said.  "Take him."
"I had no idea what he would do."
"Yes, Eliot.  I know."  Henri faced Amice and looked at her in the eyes.  It was the first time the young woman had been so honored by the marchis.  "What is your name and title?"
"Amice Dulu, my lord.  Junior vaslet."
Castan smirked and said, "We will speak again afterward."
"Yes, my lord."  She returned to her place by the wall as two ceremonially attired guards dragged the assailant out of the dining hall.  She beamed with pride at her service and that the marchis had spoken to her.  Then she wondered how she might be rewarded.
"Could she be one of Jarumi's people?" someone asked.
"I would prefer to not speak that name."  Henri gulped the rest of his wine.
"We cannot ignore the problem, my lord," Darcie said.  She leaned forward so she could better see the marchis and said, "We will have to speak it, and often, so that we might stamp it out."
"Do you believe we have ignored this terrorist and all the damage done?"  Darcie looked down in shame.  "You know how many soldiers have been sent into the mountains.  You know the percentage that returns.  Ask Eliot how much strife has been caused him by destroying his mines and equipment.  Or ask Yoselin about her fields."
"Yes, my lord.  Apologies."
Castan sighed and looked around the table.  "Suffice it say, we shall increase our efforts."  He turned toward the empty spot on the floor where the would-be assassin had fallen.  The dagger was still there.  "Let us adjourn to the sitting room."  As the lords and ladies stood and made their way out of the hall, the marchis stepped before Amice again.  "Junior vaslet?"
She lowered her head, "Yes, my lord."
Henri waved for the chamberlain.  She came over and bowed.  "My lord?"
"Dulu here is to be made a senior vaslet."  The young woman smiled as the marchis continued, "See to it that she gets quarters and the proper wardrobe.  And a reward for her work today."
"At once, lord."  As Henri walked away, the short woman faced Amice.  "You are dismissed for the evening so you may return to your home and gather your things."
"Yes, madam."
"You will be given a room here at the palace at dawn tomorrow, so do not be tardy."
"I will not, madam."
She reached into the pockets of her jacket and retrieved a large, silver coin.  "How does twenty livre sound?"
Amice's eyes widened and she slowly reached for it.  "Thank you very much, madam."
The chamberlain nodded and walked away.  "Dawn."
With a smile, Amice walked through the palace to the servants area where she gathered her coat.  She left through the side corridors and emerged on the eastern side of the building.  She walked along the paths until she reached the main gate where she recognized the guard.
"Sergent," Dulu said.  The older man simply nodded and opened one side of the iron bars.
Robérville was busy this late in the afternoon.  The surrounding buildings were government facilities, and beyond them were markets and businesses.  It was nearly all stone, brick, or marble.  Clean surfaces with minimal splashes of color.  Straight lines with curved details and columns.  The walks were filled with businesspeople and citizens of Leo, wearing their fancy, colorful dresses and tailored suits.  The brick and cobblestone streets featured a good share of horses, horse-drawn carts, and a few motor vehicles.
Amice paid little attention to the bustle about her.  She could only think about how happy her husband would be about her promotion or the bonus she received. 
She neared the southern gate of the inner district.  She recognized the Leonan soldier there, too.  The young man nodded and opened the way for her.  The city Dulu entered next was entirely different.
All of the buildings were made of wood and few were painted in colors other than white or similar muted shades.  There were no motor vehicles and not many horses.  Mules and donkeys were the normal beasts here and they walked on roads that were gravel and dirt.  The people were dressed in light clothes, often dirty.  Some yelled at each other outside of businesses.  A farmer stood on the side of the road, wearing mud-caked pants and hawking the runt vegetables that weren't good enough for the inner district.  This was the bulk of Robérville, inhabited by thousands of the lower class and the so-called "natives" of Sagittarius.  They were only allowed into the inner district if they had the proper paperwork, or if they had a badge showing that they worked for the palace or another building inside.
Amice turned a corner and walked along the row of one-room homes on her left.  Hers was the fifth one in from the main thoroughfare.  Its lines leaned to the left and its outer walls were painted a pale sand color that unwittingly showed every speck of dirt that blew on it and every streak of green from the plants that brushed against it.  There was no yard to speak of; only a small square of ground between the road and the front door.
"Cortney?"  She closed the door and looked at the main room around her.  The wooden floor had small toys moved against one wall and two seats in the center.  By the window facing the street, a low chair sat, and the young man in it stared outside, immobile.  Dulu said nothing to him and walked behind a hanging drape and into the kitchen area of their home.  There, she saw her husband holding their son, Cash, in his lap and trying to get him to eat a spoon of food.  The boy smiled and clapped when he saw his mother.  Her chest ached with love and longing for him.  She hated to be away from Cash so much and so soon after his birth, but the family needed her to keep working, especially after they lost a week's pay for her postpartum recovery.  
"What are you doing home?"  
Amice smiled and picked up her boy.  He cooed and laughed and she cradled him against her face.  "Are you eating?  Are you hungry?"
"He's not eating," Cortney pushed the small bowl away, "so he's probably not hungry.  Why are you home?"
"It is good news."  She sat in the other chair at the table and placed Cash on her leg.  "I got this today."  She removed the twenty-livre piece from her pocket and put it on the table.  When the child reached for it, Dulu pushed it farther away.
Cortney's mouth fell open and he picked it up.  He turned it over and over again.  "I've never seen one."  After he closed his mouth, he grew stern, and said, "Where can I spend that?  Who would even be able to make change?"
Amice's smile faded.  "We can go to the bank.  They will be able to make change."
"Did you steal it?"
She winced and looked hurt.  "It was given to me.  For saving the marchis."  She raised her chin a little and her smile returned.
"Hm."  He put the coin back on the table and slid the bowl of green mush toward her.  "See if you can feed him."
Disappointed that he didn't want to hear the story, Dulu picked up the spoon and held it before the boy's mouth.  He turned his head toward it and lunged forward, gobbling it up.  The mother looked at her husband again and said, "You're not happy?  That is more than a month's pay."
"Of course, I'm happy.  It's good news."  He stood and walked to the wash tub that sat on a counter.  As he dipped his hands, he said, "I'm just tired."
She nodded and got another scoop for Cash.  "I have other news."
"What?"
"I've been made a senior vaslet."  He turned and looked at her.  "That means almost double the pay."
Warily, Cortney said, "It also means you'll be living at the palace."
"For most of the week.  Yes."  She looked at the baby again as he ate.  "But I will have time each day to visit and a day off.  I don't know which day yet, but …"  Cortney began grumble and shake his head.  His mouth quivered as though he might cry.  Both Amice and Cash faced him, and the mother asked, "Why are you upset?"
He lifted his head and cleared his throat.  "You do not understand how hard it's been."
"I know."
"No.  You do not.  I seem to have two children."
Dulu looked around the hanging curtain and saw the back of the young man's chair.  "Nothing?"
Cortney shook his head.  "He's been home from the hospital for two weeks and he is the same."
"But no fits?"
He sniffed.  "No, no fits.  But now it seems as though he has no soul."
"There was nothing we could have done," Amice said, weary to be having this conversation again.  "The teas and vapors didn't calm his fits.  Nothing we did helped."  Cortney sighed and leaned against the counter.  The mother bounced her leg and Cash began to smile.  "Should I buy another goat?"
"I steeped a bath with the ashes of the last sacrifice and cleaned him.  It did not work."  He wiped his face and removed the cloth apron from his waist.  "Gods forgive me, but I don't know if Apollo can help him now."  The baby laughed and reached for the spoon again.  The young man smiled, but it was quickly drained.  "Do you have to accept the new job?"
"I already have.  And we need it."
"When can you quit it?  After having a job in the palace, I'm sure there would be other work."
She sighed and fed Cash more of the vegetables.  "Not for a few years, at the least.  If they keep giving me silver coins when I do well, …" she then shrugged.  I might not want to quit.
"We can save the money and buy a better home."  He nodded and walked toward the bedroom.  "Can you please take care of him?  I need to rest."
"Of course."  Amice stood and carried both the baby and his food into the main area.  They sat in a chair that faced Cortney's brother, Boone.  He was still looking toward the street with a blank expression.  When he blinked, he blinked slowly.  And whenever Dulu looked into his face, her gaze was drawn toward the curious bruising that surrounded Boone's eyes on either side of the bridge of his nose.
XX
JARUMI
1,259 Years After Colonization

"'Animals.'  'Savages.'  'Primitives.'  When they are being kind, they call us 'natives.'  But even that is a lie.  We were all born here, as were our parents, grandparents, and further back.  And them?  The Virgans who rule in Tawa and in the imitation palaces in all their cities; the Leonans in Robérville and their cities … most of them were born here, too.  The puppets of the Empires, the chief minister and the marchis?  They are both third-generation Sagittarians.  They are every bit as 'native' to this world as you are.  And yet you live in cold shacks and are fed from the garbage of the crops that you yourselves raise!"
The crowd had gotten larger.  Thirty and then forty people surrounded the makeshift platform.  They nodded their heads at the words.
"Your sweat and your blood are simple grease and oil for their machines.  Fertilizer for their fields.  Your backs break and carry the riches of our world to their ships and then the kings and queens on other planets, in other star systems, revel in our wealth!"
Fifty people.  Sixty.  A few people were now vocal in their agreement.
"They've taken our food and our minerals.  They've taken our people to their worlds and many are never seen again, or they are brought back years later, broken, when all their family has died and they've no one to care for them."  The people were saddened and many nodded, knowingly.  "They've taken away our iskoki."  A few in the crowd looked in confusion at each other and then back to the platform.  "After all, you worship the Lords of Kobol now.  The gods of Virgo and Leo.  You have forgotten the old ways and the spirits of this world."
"We have our ways still," an old woman said in the crowd.  "We use them to worship Jupiter now."
"And are your prayers answered?  Do the gods of these other planets hear you?  You don't speak the same tongue our people did just a century or so ago.  You speak their language now!  You worship their gods!  You have even taken their names!  At this point, are you even natives of this world?"
The people were beginning to lose their enthusiasm and the crowd swelled to nearly one hundred.  
"It is not too late.  It is time that we reclaim duniya!  Our world!  There are far more of us out here, beyond the gates that keep us dirty folk from mixing with their clean buildings!  We can rise up and we can rise up now!"
Some in the crowd seemed eager and angry, but the rest were confused and concerned.
"They have concentrated all of our people into their own cities.  Our strength is in our numbers, and we are many.  Do not fear that we lack the means, because they give us the means daily, so long as they think we are simply doing their work!  We have their vehicles and their weapons!  Our sons and daughters are in their armies!  Get word to them and begin the fight!"
After a few exclamations and raised fists, someone at the back of the crowd yelled, "What is this?!"  The people began to scatter and a pair of men in blue uniforms were standing on the far side of the marketplace.  Half of the crowd remained behind, though they turned their backs to the speaker, and they parted to clear a path for the police.  With their batons out, the men walked toward the platform.  "Who are you?"
Her long, black hair was braided and pulled behind her head where it fell down her back.  She wore an ancient robe, dyed in the natural colors of Sagittarius.  In the midday sun, light glistened off the sweat on her face.  She jumped from the box and stood before the two constables.  She raised her arms from her side, perpendicular to her torso.  She rolled her left hand first, drawing their attention, and then she flicked her right hand, which brought a long blade out from the arm of her robe.  She stepped forward and raked the edge across one constable's throat and pushed him away with her foot.  With her left hand, she punched the other officer in his neck and then kicked his legs out from under him.  As he lay on the ground, she stepped onto his groin and placed all her weight there.
"I am Hana Jarumi Lafai," she said.  "Now get off my world."
With a final press of her foot, she walked away from the fallen officers and into the crowd.  Many of them ran from her and a couple screamed.  Soon, she had disappeared behind other buildings and shacks and she began to climb the surrounding hills of Beverton.  After a few minutes, she stopped under a tree that leaned precariously over a rock outcropping.  She looked down into the valley and the city she had just left.  The fields near the river were along the far side.  The inner district where the rulers lived was to her right; the rest were below her and to the left.  
In the distance, she saw it before she heard it.  A gray cloud erupted forth and then a boom washed over her.  She smiled and watched the fire in the inner district spread.  Nearly an hour later, one of her colleagues trudged up the hill below her.  She gripped the handle of her knife until she verified that he was alone and not followed.
"Is that what you had in mind?"
She nodded and looked at the plumes of smoke again.  "Very much."
Nalo sat beside her and caught his breath.  "And your work?"
"I managed to say my piece.  Had a good crowd for a while."
"Constables?"
"Yes."
"Mm.  Poor fools."
Hana stood and looked up the slope.  "Let us go."
The duo walked up the mountainside until nightfall.  The next day, they crossed the range toward the east and walked on the forest floor.  The mat of leaves and decaying bark quieted all movement here.  At this point in the mountains, most of the trees were deciduous lanui trees.  In the autumn as winter approached, their leaves changed from green to an array of colors until finally brown, when they fell.  With the coming of spring, the outer bark of their trunks fell away and became part of the natural mulch on the mountainside.  Throughout the summer and fall, the pale green inner bark created new layers with colors ranging from yellow to red to orange until, by the onset of winter, the bark was thick and brown, protecting the moisture of the tree inside from freezing temperatures.  Spring came, the bark fell away, leaves grew again, and the cycle continued.
In the afternoon, they came upon one of their outposts.  Structures had been erected in the trees and they were covered by branches of evergreen needles.  As they approached, Jarumi whistled in a whooping fashion three times.  The whistle was repeated back to her.
"That was fast," a woman said.  
"It went well."  Hana hugged her and looked around.  "Where are the others?"
Gimbi smirked and nodded toward the nearby cliffs.  "Things went well for us, too."
Moments later, they walked into a small clearing and found three Virgan soldiers on their knees.  They were bound and gagged, facing the edge of the cliff.  Two of Jarumi's people stood behind them holding rifles and knives.  The three were wearing the usual khaki uniforms of the Virgan regulars.
"No mutane among them?"
"There were," Gimbi said.
"They fled," a man finished.  "Twenty men and women.  They ran quickly."
Hana nodded and walked in front of them.  Their breathing quickened and they struggled again to no avail.  She smiled and sat on a rock.  "Hello," she said in Virgan.  "I am Jarumi."  A woman officer wailed against her gag, but a muffled noise was all that emerged.  "You have heard of me?"  The youngest man near her nodded.  His eyes filled with tears and she said, "Then you know that you are not long for our world."
"I have the kaya vine," a man said.
"Good.  Nalo, help him."  Three walked away and began to slip on large, leather gloves.  They returned with an unraveled nest of thorny branches.  The flesh of the plant was still green so it was very malleable.  However, the hundreds of three-centimeter long thorns were very sharp.  Jarumi pointed to the older man first.  "Him."
Gimbi lifted the man up while Nalo and the other began to wind the vine around his body.  As it scratched him, he flinched and grunted.  But when the kaya sap entered his broken skin, he felt the fire that came with it and he cried out as best as he could.  Nalo snipped the end of the vine once they had wrapped it around his throat.  Blood streamed down his neck, arms, and legs, and soaked through his thick uniform.  Nalo pushed the man to the edge of the cliff and looked back at their leader.
"We bind you waje in the thorns so that your soul will be trapped forever, suffering for all that your people have done to our world.  We kill you to send a message to your masters."  She nodded and Nalo pushed the man a bit farther.
Muffled, the man's scream was still loud enough to be heard, and the snap of his bones on the rock some ninety meters below echoed to the ears of the other prisoners.  They thrashed and tried to cry out, but Nalo and the others lifted them up, wrapped them in the kaya vine, and pushed them off the cliff.
"Gimbi," Hana said as she looked down at the bodies.  "Take down these huts and move them to a different position.  When the Virgans come, they will look here first."
"Yes, Jarumi."
For the next three days, Hana and Nalo hiked farther into the mountains.  Finally, they descended a path that led to a small valley high above sea level.  This was the village of Lafai.  Obscured by mountains and trees, protected by its altitude and many treacherous paths, this was one of the few villages left on the planet that had not been overcome by the empires.  The two thousand people here still spoke the tongue of the mutane and they worshipped the iskoki.  Over the years, a few were sometimes sent into the wide world so they could learn about what was happening.  Hana had been one of those.  
She returned with fire in her heart and with books written for mutane in the language of both the "natives" and the invading Virgans, and she studied.  When she was finished, she changed her name to "Jarumi," meaning "warrior," and declared that she would rid duniya of these outsiders.  Some were skeptical, but she drew people to her cause.  Soon, they had freed villages of mutane southeast of Lafai, ones being controlled by the Leo.  She studied their language, too, and began her campaign of inspiring rebellion wherever she went, attacking villages, towns, and cities in both nations all along the Great River and throughout the many valleys of the mountains.  She was constantly hunted as a terrorist by both empires on the planet and deemed a monster.  
Here, in her home village, she sat on a log and listened to the singing of her people and watched their dancing.  She watched their old, blind priestess bless the crowds.  An elder approached with a bowl of stew and bowed toward her.  Hana smiled and bowed in return.  As she sipped the warm liquid, she smiled and felt complete.
XXI
HALE
1,259 Years After Colonization

"This is it?"
The aide, Rowena Clive, looked at the duke and said, "I do not understand."
A young man in his late twenties but still with a receding hairline, Lord Upton Hale turned and gestured at the three-story stone building.  "This is the palace?  The vaunted castle of Tawa?"
Clive shrugged and said, "It is as it has been for two centuries, my lord."
Hale sighed.  "Forgive me.  I did not wish to come here.  Despite the queen's summons."
She bowed and replied, "I understand."
The pair walked up the stairs and Hale stopped at the doorway.  He turned and looked across the inner city of Tawa.  The capital of Kingsland had a thriving port thanks to being so near the Acheron River.  Exchanges, banks, and more populated the surrounding streets.  The buildings were white and gray, built with stone from the mountains that hemmed them in.  Hundreds traveled the walks and roads, and they all wore the clean, bright clothing of the Virgan upper class.
Upton entered the palace and slowed so the aide could pass him and lead the way.  Clive directed him up stairs to the third floor, where he found his quarters and his office.  In the office, he immediately went to the window and leaned against the sill, looking out over the bulk of the city.
"How long did you work for my uncle?"
"Eleven years, my lord."
Hale nodded.  "Did he suffer?"
Rowena looked down in thought and said, "I do not believe so.  It came upon him suddenly and he had passed before the doctor arrived."
He paused and took a deep breath.  "I am the Earl of Morley.  This," he gestured toward Tawa, "is, frankly, beyond me.  I shall rely on you for a great deal of support and advice."
Clive bowed.  "I shall be honored to assist in any way you require, my lord."
Hale fiddled with his ring for a moment.  "Did my uncle wear the ducal ring of Sagittarius or was it kept separately?"
The aide walked to the desk and removed the ring used for sealing decrees, letters, and more.  "It is here, lord."
"Good."  Slowly, he ambled away from the window and he hovered over the small drinks table.  "I see only gin.  I recalled that my uncle preferred brandy, much like myself."
"The tonic water to combat miasma mixes best with gin."
He looked up at her with concern.  "Had he been bitten by an infected blood-fly?"
"No, my lord.  It was a preventative.  Many Virgans drink it here."
"Ah."  He moved toward the desk, but he did not sit.  "What do we do here?  I am to manage this world as a great farm?"
"In a way, yes.  Food and smoking leaf are the largest exports, followed by metals and stone."
"But not gold."
"Correct."
"The Leo were fortunate on that front."  Hale walked toward a map and studied the western side of the continent, Kingsland.  "How much labor is sent offworld now?"
"Not as much as in the past.  Only by specific request, usually."
Upton faced the aide again.  "What do I do?  How are my days to be filled?"
"Typically, lord," she moved to the desk and opened a folder, "in the morning, I will bring for you a compilation of orders that require your signature.  These are most often routine things related to the daily business of the nation."
"I see."
"I may do so again in the evening or even during the day, if any kind of emergency arises."
"And what of the military?  I understand that I may decide how much control I levy over that area."
"Correct, my lord.  You will meet soon with General Lord Gaige Nibley.  Your uncle allowed the general a free hand, with few exceptions."
"I am inclined to do the same."  Hale pulled out the chair and stared at the large impression of the dead duke's bottom on the leather.
"Meetings with the general happened three times a week.  More often if there were any concerns or conflict."
"And what of the Parlement?"
"The chief minister will visit the palace most days after lunch when the Parlement is in session.  The Parlement here, of course, does not compare to that of Virgo, though he is the public leader of Kingsland."
"Certainly."
"But still.  Formalities."  Clive straightened and slid pages from the folder across the desk.  "Shall you sign your first documents as the Duke of Sagittarius?"
Upton took a deep breath.  Finally, he sat down and rolled the chair to the desk.  He pulled the page closer and looked at it closely.  "'Store transfer request?'"
"Yes, lord.  As we near the midpoint of the planting season, cities have a better idea of how much food they need for the people until the harvest.  If one city has a surplus and another a deficit, the latter may request a transfer from the former's stores to make up for it."
Hale nodded and signed his name.  "Need I stamp it?"
"No, my lord.  Only certain documents require that and I will advise you when it is needed."
"Thank you."  He looked at the second page.  "'Courier.'"  His eyes drifted down the page and saw the name of the Leo capital city.  "We have a courier that goes to Robérville?"
"A few, lord.  These are not frequent and it will require a stamp."
As she opened the drawer and withdrew the ring and a sealing candle, he continued to read.  "'Medical records?'"
"Yes, my lord.  There is some information that we share with Gold Coast and medical information is among them."
He signed the page and asked, "What kind of information?"
"Infectious diseases, treatments, …"
"Logical."  He lit the candle and held it so the wax could drip next to his signature.
"Experiments and the like."
"'Experiments,'" he repeated absentmindedly.
"I do not know, lord.  I only know that the Treaty of Eleven Eighty-Two requires the exchange."
"Oh."  He stamped the ring firmly into the wax and then raised it.  "Very well."  She took the page and handed another to him as someone knocked on the door.  "Enter."
An older man in a red uniform adorned with medals and gold braid entered the room.  "My duke."
"General Nibley, I presume," Hale stood and shook his hand.  "It is a pleasure to meet you."
"And I you, sir."  He sat in a chair in front of the desk.  
Rowena began to gather the documents and leave, but Upton said, "No, please.  Stay.  I will likely have questions."
"As you wish, my lord."  She did not sit in a chair next to the general.  Instead, she stood against the wall to the duke's left.
Nibley glanced at her for a moment and then asked Hale, "Shall I provide an update on our efforts?"
"Please.  And feel free to be as explanatory as you desire.  I will need your aid, general."
"Of course, sir.  And I yours."  He removed a page from his jacket, but kept it in his lap.  "We are currently engaged in a campaign against the rebel Jarumi.  Are you aware of her, duke?"
"Only that she gave my uncle a fair bit of woe over the last two or three years."
"Indeed, sir, indeed.  She and her people have killed some three hundred of my men and women," Upton's eyes widened, "as well as nine constables in various cities.  They have destroyed four weapons depots and six other military structures, nineteen military vehicles of various types, and eight government buildings.  They have also stolen many hundreds of weapons, as well as ammunition for the same, and stolen many tons of food from cities' stores."
The duke shook his head.  "I had no idea that she has been so … effective."
Gaige grumbled.  "There is a considerable effort to defeat her, yet she is a native," the general glanced at Clive again before he continued, "so she knows the forests and mountains better than we."
"And what of the Leo?"
"I am pleased to say that Jarumi has not discriminated in her targeting.  The Lions have met with a significant amount of force, too.  I do not know the numbers, but I have no reason to doubt that they are as severe as our losses."
"Earlier, Miss Clive and I were discussing the treaty and the information that we share with the Gold Coast."  Nibley nodded.  "Is any kind of military information shared?"
"No, my duke.  None at all."
"If she continues to prove elusive, general, perhaps we should engage in an exchange of information with the marchis.  We needn't share anything sensitive, of course, but I am sure the Leo would like to be rid of her, as well."
"I will consider it, sir."  Gaige brought the page up to the desktop and slid it forward.  "I do have one last measure of hope in our arsenal.  Given the severity of the response, I felt it necessary to get your signature and seal."
Upton scanned the page and asked, "What are 'chemical weapons?'"
"They have been used before, namely on Taurus, but they are battlefield irritants.  Smoke and gases we might use against the enemy.  A great deal of research has gone into them, mostly here, on Sagittarius, and we have made them more effective."
"Are they deadly?"
"Some are, yes.  We would only deploy those in areas without a significant presence of our soldiers, duke."
Hale read the page closely.  There were proper names and chemicals mentioned that he did not recognize or understand.  "'Herbicide?'"
"Yes, lord.  It is a chemical we would spray into the forests where Jarumi and her people hide.  That is her advantage, you see.  Hiding in the trees and brush that grow upon the mountains.  This would take that advantage from her."
The duke nodded and picked up his pen.  "If I have your assurance that none of these chemicals will be used near an inhabited area, I shall sign."
Nibley smiled and nodded.  "You have it, sir."
Upton wrote his name and Clive lit the candle.  After it dripped onto the page, he pressed the seal on it, blew over it once, and handed the page to the general.  "There you are."
"Thank you, my duke."  He stood and bowed. "I will report to you soon on our progress."
"Thank you, general."  Hale stood and offered his hand, but the older man was already heading out of the room.  The duke sat and stared at the closing door for a moment before he asked, "How did my uncle fare with the general?"
"Well, I believe," Rowena said.  "There was frustration over the Jarumi conflict, but no ill will."
"I somehow feel as though he has taken advantage of me."  He looked at the desktop and saw a hardening glob of blue wax on the wooden surface.  As he scratched it with his fingernail, he asked, "Did the general speak to my uncle about chemical weapons before?  Did he deny the general?"
"If they spoke of it, my lord, I was not present.  This was the first meeting with the general for which I was present."
Upton whipped his head toward her.  "I am sorry if I put you in a difficult position."
"Not at all, lord."
"I have more papers to sign?"
"Yes."  She opened the folder and placed the next one in front of the duke.
As he signed, Hale asked, "Are those the only people I meet with regularly?  The general and the chief minister of Parlement?"
"A panel of merchants meets once each week to which you have a standing invitation.  As it is a lunch, your uncle rarely missed those."
The duke chuckled and signed his name again.  "I am sure.  Good.  Any others?"
"No, my lord."
Upton looked at her, confused.  "Is there no meeting between the duke and the natives?"
"No, lord."
"Mm."  He signed another page.  "In Morley, I met once each month with a panel of the commoners.  I heard their grievances, their problems, their requests.  If a thing was simple enough, I would solve it myself.  It bought a fine share of good will, I thought."
"I imagine so, lord."
"I would like to do the same here."  He signed the last page and handed it back.  "Are you familiar with any natives?"
She lowered her head and said, "I am a 'native,' lord."
"You are?"  He laughed.  "I did not know.  Well, I will be meeting with you daily, regardless.  Feel free to share with me the concerns of your people, eh?"
She bowed and said, "I would be honored."  As the duke kept signing, her eyes darted away and her mind raced.
XXII
JARUMI
1,259 Years After Colonization

Hana and her group stopped.  Before them, the forest thinned on the slope of this mountain.  Slowly, they crept to the edge and looked out.  They saw bare rock and burned soil.  Trees had been reduced to ashen splinters.  Tendrils of smoke continued to rise in spots across their view.
"What happened?"
Jarumi shook her head.  "It's not the dry season."  She reached up and stroked a green leaf.  "It wasn't a fire."
"Not a natural fire," Nalo said.
"The Leo?" Yada asked.
"So I would say."  The leader backed up and said, "We go down within the forest."  She looked toward the north where the forest met the ground alongside the river.  "There may be some trees to give us cover until we reach the city."
The trio descended the mountain and then walked through the remnants of the forest to the east.  The river was still many kilometers to the north beyond their sight, but they passed several small Leonan farming villages.  They did not enter them, nor did they encounter anyone.  The decimated forest remained on their right and they marveled at how bare the mountains appeared without the trees to cover them.  On the third day, the forest reappeared on their right as it seemed they had passed the limits of the Leonan assault.  The mountains were again covered in the green brush and leaves of the forest, and beyond the trees on their left, they drew near the edges of a city.
"Neufve Lomere," Jarumi said.  "The largest Leo city this far west."
"You have been here before?" Yada asked.
"Yes.  Last year.  I made a few speeches and looked around.  Being near the Virgo, there is a substantial military installation here."  She kicked at the ground and swept away fallen leaves until dirt was exposed.  Then, she knelt and drew a map with a stick.
An hour later, they walked through the dirty neighborhoods of the "natives."  Yada had not yet visited one of these cities, and she was disgusted.  
"I cannot believe that we are the same people," she said.  "These are a cowed people.  Fearful."
Nalo shook his head, "Be thankful that your ancestors lived in Lafai.  Otherwise, you would be among them."
"They have no pride," Yada continued.
"Only because it has been bred and beaten out of them."  Hana leaned against a tall wooden wall that separated the classes.  "They may yet regain it."
She turned in each direction and then planted her boot in a crease between the boards of the wall.  With only two steps, Jarumi was up and over it.  On the other side, she faced the rear brick wall of a small market.  Trash littered the alley between the businesses and the wall, and she gave a brief whistle.  It took Yada and Nalo longer than she, but both joined her shortly.
"Now."  Hana and her team removed the colorful robes of the mutane and revealed the crisp dark blue uniforms of the Leonan regulars underneath.  Nalo stuffed the robes in his bag and removed the small caps for the others.  "We are off duty, so be pleasant."
They walked through the streets of the inner district bearing smiles.  Few seemed to mark their passing, and those who did returned their grins or nodded.  After several minutes, they left the business district and entered the military blocks.  They passed a vehicle repair and refueling station and then turned toward the fenced area on their left.  At a gate, a single guard was in place and he snapped to attention upon seeing Hana's lieutenant pins.
"Assignment papers, lieutenant?"
Jarumi nodded and reached into her jacket.  Thankfully, the pages she took from the dead officer's uniform a few weeks ago didn't have any blood on them.  The dates would pass soon, so she hastened to bring her team here.
"All's in order."  He handed the papers back to her.
"Thank you, caporal."
The trio went through the gate and then entered the large weapons depot.  To the right, row after row of rifles, handguns, and ammunition belts.  To the left, explosives, small artillery, and more.
The leader stalked around the center column and scanned each row and the other entrance.  Seeing no one, she said, "Quickly."  Yada went to the rifles while Nalo and Hana went to the ordnance.
He removed a candle from his backpack while Jarumi lifted a canister of black powder.  After she removed the cork, she walked to the wall behind the small cannons and near the entrance.  She then left a winding trail back toward the shelves of explosives.  She placed the canister back in its place but upside down, and the powder began to pile on the floor.  As Nalo lit the candle, Hana uncorked three others and turned them over before she took a fourth and laid it on the floor under the shelves.  Once she removed its cork, she stood and took the candle from him.
The three of them met at the door.  Yada pulled a belt and holster around Jarumi's waist and put a pistol in it.  As Nalo put his own on, Yada gave them both rifles and a bandolier of ammunition.  In just a moment, all three of them were armed.  "Ready?"  They nodded.  Jarumi took the candle and stood by the door.  She leaned over and slowly lowered the flame.  When the black powder trail lit, she waved the candle to extinguish it and tossed it aside.  "Go."
They marched out of the depot and then through the gate.  After nodding again at the guard, Hana led her team right and on the way out of the military district.
"How long?"
"Less than one minute."
As they passed the vehicle garage, Jarumi wondered if perhaps the trail had been extinguished.  Then it exploded.  The ground shook and the shockwave broke across their backs.  Even some one hundred meters away, they were nearly knocked over by it, and they were showered with debris.  
"Damn!"  Nalo said.  A large splinter protruded from his left forearm and Yada quickly yanked it out.  They turned left and ran into an alley while the streets were rained on with metal, wood, and stone.  The roaring sound of the explosion had not yet decayed when they heard the first alarm whistles.  
As Leo soldiers ran past the mouth of the alley toward the crater, Jarumi looked down the other way into the business district.  Hana opened and closed her mouth a few times and stretched her jaw.  The pressure in her ears shifted and she could hear more clearly, but they were still ringing.  "When we get out, we are angry.  We are searching for the people who did this."  Yada stuck a finger in her ear and jiggled it.  "I know.  Can you hear me?"
"Yes.  We are searching for the people who did this."
She looked at Nalo.  "How is it?"
His rifle was leaning against the wall and he had just finished tying a small cloth around his arm.  "I am fine."
"Let's go."
They moved with determination and held their rifles in front of themselves, as though they were ready to fire at a moment's notice.  When they exited the alley onto a walk, they looked in both directions.  People were running into buildings and away from the military district.  Whistles continued to blow all around and Jarumi pointed across the street.  They ran around a horse-drawn cart and then down a side street toward the wall.  When they reached it, they looked left and found the eastern gate.  Four Leo soldiers were standing there with their rifles in their hands and with the same determination on their faces that her team showed.
"Are you sure?" Nalo asked.
"I'm an officer."  Before he could ask a follow-up, Hana stalked toward the gate.  The four Leonans were staring through the bars at the few "natives" who stood there gawking at the large cloud that rose over the city.
The sergent glanced at her and snapped to attention before returning his gaze to the people on the other side.  "Lieutenant."
She glared through the gate, too.  "Open it.  I have reason to believe the hostiles are on the other side."
Two of the Leo looked at each other as the sergent responded, "I am sorry, lieutenant, but we are under orders from the major.  This gate is to remain closed."
The man's accent threw her for a moment and she nodded while grinding her teeth to buy time as she translated in her head.  "Then I will speak to him."  She and her team turned away.
"Lieutenant," the sergent said as he began to swing his rifle toward her, "which major will you be speaking to?"
Jarumi stopped and faced him.  "The one in charge."
"A woman."
Hana saw her error and the futility in trying to talk her way out of it.  She lowered her rifle to her hip and pulled the trigger.  Nothing happened.  The sergent fired as she ducked and she swung the stock up and into his face.  Nalo and Yada tackled the other three soldiers and Jarumi pulled a knife from her boot.  When the sergent regained his footing, she stood and jammed the blade into his ribs and toward his heart.  She kicked him away and spun toward the mass of people rolling on the street.  Nalo punched a woman in the face and Hana pulled her away.  When she tried to get to her feet, Jarumi slit her throat.  One of the other soldiers fired his rifle and missed before Yada stabbed him in the back.  The last one scrambled away and started to run, but Nalo kicked his feet out from under him.  Yada stabbed him twice in the chest.
The trio turned to the gate and met the wide eyes of dozens of mutane.  When Jarumi opened the gate, they backed away, fearful.  Yada and Nalo gathered the rifles from the ground and they ran into the lower-class section of Neufve Lomere.  The residents ran from them and into buildings.  The three of them began to run, too, when alarm whistles sounded from the gate.
They zig-zagged down several streets.  When they heard whistles getting closer and the engine of a vehicle, they entered the nearest building to them.  A temple.  It was only a little less ramshackle than the other structures in this part of the city.  The walls were at least uniformly painted, though plain.  The door's wood was darker and the windows featured crude drawings of Jupiter's symbols, though they weren't very visible during the day when the sun was up.  Because of this, they had no idea it was a temple until they got inside.  
Nearly two dozen mutane were there.  Frightened by the explosion, this was where they took refuge.  The walls were white, but images of the gods of the Pantheon were painted around the perimeter.  At the head of the room, in front of the paintings of Jupiter and Juno, the priest stood before a small pillar, on which sat a metal plate with a fire.  He was holding a fan so he could blow the smoke into the congregation.  The intruders looked around the room and then out the windows.  The military vehicle rolled down the street and several soldiers ran alongside it.  
"You are not soldiers," a woman said in Leonese.
Hana looked at her and asked, "What do you mean?"
She shook her head.  "I know.  You are not soldiers."
Yada didn't speak the language at all.  "What did she say?"
As Nalo translated, Jarumi said, "We are mutane."  She was disgusted when she saw that no one seemed to understand the meaning of the word.  She sneered, "'Natives.'"
A young man stood up from the floor and stepped near her.  "You were here before."  Before Hana could answer, he smiled.  "I remember.  You talked about our history and how we could take our world back."
"Myles," an older man said.  "Quiet."
The young man lowered his head and began to retreat.  Jarumi took his arm and looked at the father.  "No.  He should not be quiet."  She looked around the room.  "None of you should be quiet about what has been done to our world and our people."  Myles raised his chin and nodded.  "The people over the wall live in luxury because of one simple fact.  Their families came from another planet many years ago.  Almost all of them were born here, just like you.  That is all."
"Why should we hear your words?" another old man said.  "You kill and do nothing but cause trouble."
"I kill the Leo and the Virgo, and I cause trouble for them because our people, our food, our resources, our world," she scanned the room again, "do not belong to them.  They are ours and we should benefit from them all."
"You cause trouble for us," a woman said.  "You do these things and what happens?  The Leo come here looking for you and your kind.  Our children are beaten.  Our homes are searched."
"And this makes you angry at me and not them?"  Jarumi shook her head.  "They are the ones who exploit us.  They are relaxing in their stone buildings and sipping wine made from the grapes that you spend all day, every day, to pick.  You dig wealth from the ground and give it to them so it can be flown to another star.  For all your work and aid, they pay you a pittance and force you to live in tiny shacks.  They forbid you to enter their parts of the city; not just to live but to visit, also.  These are not people worthy of your obedience."  The woman nearly spoke again, but Hana continued, "Their language should not come from our mouths and their gods should not receive your worship."
Several in the congregation spoke up, outraged, and the priest walked out from behind his pillar.  "You will not blaspheme the Lords of Kobol in this holy place!"
Jarumi chuckled.  "There are days when I despair of being victorious.  I may root the invaders from our world, but the stain left on us all will be everlasting."  Fury rose within her and she glared at the priest.  "You fools!  You would worship the same gods of the people who enslave you?!  The same gods whose stories those people say makes you their servants?!"  She saw empty stares and angry ones.  She looked toward one man with a blank look and said, "Do you believe that Jupiter went to the island of Chios and cursed the people there, saying they displeased him and that they would be servants forever?"
Meekly, he answered, "That's what they've told us."
"Exactly.  They sold you the lie that our world is some sort of accursed place.  That all our people are destined to be servants.  They even changed the name of the Great River.  They say ours is a world of woe, so they call it Acheron after a river in Tartarus!  Why should those who hate us and our world so much have dominion over either?!"
"What would you have us do?" one exasperated woman said.
"Worship the iskoki, the spirits of old.  Dance for them!"
"Dancing is forbidden," someone said.
"Of course it is.  Because it used to be our way to bring the spirits among us.  Stop perverting the worship of the spirits by using sacrifices and the old ways for their gods.  And then, once you have gotten your mind and soul in order, join me and rise against them."
Most of the congregation shook their heads and looked away.  Nalo had been peering out the window.  He turned and said, "I haven't seen any more." 
Myles said, "I can show you a way out."
Jarumi nodded and the trio followed the young man through the sanctuary and into a room on the other side of a door adorned with the painting of Mars.  There was a back door and small window.  Nalo looked out and nodded.  He removed his backpack and took out the robes they had been wearing earlier.
"Thank you, Myles," Hana said.  "We will have to leave our weapons here, I am afraid.  We can hide them under one of the other buildings, in case the temple is searched, …"
"No, leave them here.  I will keep them and wait for more people to join me.  To join you."
She smiled and touched his arm.  Nalo and Yada were already out of their clothes and getting ready to pull the robes over their heads.  She hated to get rid of mostly pristine uniforms, but she knew there were plenty more Leonans out there.  "Can you put these in the fire for us?"
He turned and looked at the stove behind him.  "Yes."
"Thank you."
Once she was in her robe, Nalo opened the door and looked up and down the grass alley that separated the rears of several nearby homes.  He nodded and the other two exited.  Jarumi looked back inside as Myles pushed the first of the blue jackets into the stove.  She looked at her companions and said, "Nalo, take Yada by the hand and go to the south.  I will go north."
"We should not separate," Yada said.
"They are looking for enough people to have killed four soldiers at the gate.  Three would be enough; not two or one."  She heard distant whistles again.  "And if the people in this temple or the mutane who were at the gate speak to the Leo, they will certainly search for three."
"We will meet you outside the city at nightfall," Nalo said.
"In the western foothills," Jarumi said.  The others nodded and they split up.

They met as planned and began their long trek west into the mountains.  They climbed into the range high above the scorched mountainsides and hills and remained under the cover of the forest for a week.  On the seventh day, they came near a spot where they knew there to be an outpost of Lafai staffed by the comrades of Hana.  Before they arrived, a foul odor surrounded them.
"What is this?"
Jarumi touched the wide leaf of a tree and felt the wetness there.  She rubbed it between her fingers and then brought them to her nose.  When she sniffed, she recoiled and looked all around them.  "Poison.  They are poisoning the very forest."  
"The Leo have burned the forest and they poison it, too?" Nalo asked.
"We are in Virgo territory now," Hana said.  The three of them stood there and considered it for a long moment before the leader scrunched up her face and continued on.
A while later, they found the concealed huts in the trees above them.  This was the outpost, but it seemed abandoned.
"Where are they?" Yada asked.
Nalo said, "Could the poison have sickened them?"
Jarumi thought and simply nodded.
They walked on for another six kilometers and the smell never left them.  The forest floor was still damp and the leaves were still coated.  Finally, Yada coughed.  The other two stared at her and Jarumi said, "We should go higher to avoid this place."
They climbed up into the mountain range and got away from the smell.  The next day, they crossed the ridge and neared the long, hidden valley that served as farmland for their village.  When they did, they smelled the same faint odor.  Horror descended on her and her breath was taken away.  She ran through the trees and soon found that many of the smaller plants and bushes were wilting or turning brown.  Then they emerged into the valley where every bit of the soil was used by Lafai to grow crops.  The stalks of corn and rows of beans and other vegetables were withered, darkened, and limp.
Hana nearly dropped her bundle and she leaned against the nearest tree.  Nalo put his hand on her shoulder and said, "We don't know how bad it is.  If we run, we can reach Lafai by nightfall."
Jarumi nodded then huffed to expel the feeling of sadness from her.  They began to jog through the fields and then around them once they realized they were kicking up the dirt and dust contaminated with the spray.  They took their first break when they came to a farmhouse and found it abandoned.  Yada knew who had lived there.  Once they caught their breath, they ran again, stopping only at each home along the way.  Several kilometers outside of Lafai, the odor of the poison vanished and a weight was lifted from all of their hearts.  It was still light when they entered their village, but they were saddened anew when they heard the coughing and saw the people lined up in the paths and outside homes, lying on piles of hay as others wiped their faces with water.
"Jarumi?" The old priestess, Adare, was sitting on a stool with her head high and her useless eyes scanning the clouds.  "I have prayed for your return."
"I am sorry we were not faster."  She looked around at the sick and coughing.  "We passed through the forest and fields.  We smelled it.  What do you know?"
"Airships poured this poison into the sky and it rained upon our crops," she lowered her head, "and forced spirits into seventy of us.  Many are sick and two have died."
Her eyebrows raised and her skin flushed hot.  "Do we know if their ships were pouring the poison everywhere or did they spot our fields or the village?"
"I do not know, but the Virgans have not come."  Jarumi glanced around at her people and Adare continued, "They have poisoned the forest to the south, as well.  Gimbi came back days ago when the ships poured it on her and her group."
Hana turned.  "She never made it to Nordcester?"
"No."
"Where is she?"  The priestess pointed.  Jarumi ran toward the hut and she felt tears welling in her eyes already.  When she opened the door, she saw Gimbi lying on a bed as a healer waved smoldering plants over her chest.  She knelt by the woman's side and picked up her hand.
Slowly, her eyes opened.  "Jarumi," she wheezed.
"Quiet," she said.  Hana looked at the healer and said nothing.
The old man shook his head.  "I have sacrificed and danced.  Still, she has a demon for her nose yet bleeds.  She has drunk the teas and smelled the vapors.  There is little else to be done."
"Go," Gimbi whispered.  "Help someone who may survive."  The old man nodded and left the hut.  She looked at Jarumi and said, "You will avenge me?"
She clenched her jaw.  "I swear it."
She nodded and coughed.  "The Virgo … must have something to fight their poisons."
"Then I will take it from them."
XXIII
DULU
1,259 Years After Colonization

"How long will you be gone?"
"No more than a few days."  Amice stroked her son's thin hair.  "I am sorry."
"Things are not as dire as I feared."  Cortney carried a plate from the table to the wash bin.  "With that twenty-livre coin, I was able to hire someone to help me with Boone.  Kada Allard."
"Good.  I am glad."
Her husband sat at the table again and leaned closer.  He whispered, even though his brother wouldn't comprehend what he said, "Do you know Kada?"
"She lives next to the priestess?"
"Yes.  Her sister is Sohi."
Dulu's mouth opened in recognition.  "She was arrested."
"Yes.  The Leo held her for three months.  She was released last week."  Cortney glanced toward the main room and then back at his wife.  "She came back like Boone."
Amice blinked as she tried to think.  "Did she suffer fits or some other ailment?"
Cortney slowly shook his head.  "But Sohi is now as soulless as Boone."
The kitchen was silent for a moment until the boy yelped.  Dulu shook her leg again and asked, "How is Kada able to help if her sister is that way?"
"Their mother lives still and she cares for Sohi."
Cash slapped his hands on the table and laughed.  Amice smiled and kissed the back of her baby's head, lingering for a moment to take in the child's scent, before she passed him to the father.  "Is there anything you need before I go?"
"Simply a promise."  She raised her eyebrows in anticipation.  "Promise that you will return safely."
"I will."
"And that you will stop working for them as soon as you are able."
Dulu's grin flattened and she nodded.  "I will."
Cortney leaned forward and kissed her cheek.

During the trip from Robérville northwest to the meeting site, Amice thought about her employ with the Leonans.  The kindnesses she had been shown.  The security.  The money, which afforded her family their home.  They had no want of food or clothing, and they could care for Cash and now Boone with relative ease.  She did feel guilt over her seeming abandonment of Cortney.  She did felt sadness at leaving her son for days at a time.  That aching was persistent.  For the last part of the journey, she tried to think of some way to reward Cortney, to show him how much she appreciated all he did.
Here, at this spot on the north side of the Acheron River, there was no village.  This was the border between the two nations.  Wooden planks were put in place days ago and canvas shelters erected above them.  The hastily made tent would see the first meeting of the royally appointed leaders of this world in nearly twenty years.
The two senior vaslets to Lord Henri walked behind him as he left the airship and entered the tent.  Both Dulu and the other vaslet remained on either side of the entrance while the marchis and the leader of their military walked toward the table.
"Welcome, marchis," the young man in a blue suit said as he stood behind the opposing table.  "I am Lord Upton Hale, the Duke of Sagittarius, and this is Lord Gaige Nibley, General of Her Royal Majesty's forces."
"And greetings to you, duke."  Castan placed his hand over his heart, atop his purple velvet jacket.  "I am the Marchis de Sagitaire, Lord Henri Castan, and this is Dame Paget Lavigne, Chief Colonel of His Royal Majesty's forces."
To nearly everyone's surprise, Hale began speaking in Leonese, "If you prefer, marchis, I am happy to converse in your tongue."
"I welcome it, and thank you, duke."
Dulu relaxed somewhat.  She had been studying Virgan, but she barely understood a word of their introductions.  The leaders and commanders sat and their attendants lined up behind them.  Vaslets like Dulu, and all the others on both sides of the tent, remained at the fabric walls.  
"As I am new to this world," Upton said, "allow me to make plain my intentions and goals."  Castan nodded.  "I have every intention of honoring the Treaty of Eleven Eighty-Two and its borders.  I harbor no desire to claim land from Leo.  Both nations, in our own ways, have managed to profit our Empires and, despite the differences we may have as it regards the worship of the Pantheon and other matters, I see no need to change our situations."
Henri bowed his head.  "I thank you, duke.  I share your sentiments."
"Very good.  Now," the Virgan leaned onto the table, "that is not to say there might not be improvements in our relationship.  Of the most pressing concern to Kingsland is the continued presence of Jarumi and the influence she wields among the people."
"Yes," the marchis said, "and you are aware of the recent attack on Neufve Lomere?"
"I am.  You have my sympathies."
"One hundred four soldiers were killed," he shook his head and looked at the colonel, "another two hundred were injured.  The deadliest attack she has yet waged."
"I am sorry.  Both our nations have suffered because of her, marchis," the duke opened a folder.  "This is why I want us to share information.  What information we have on Jarumi, where she has attacked, our suspicions, tactics, and more."
The colonel nodded and looked at Castan.  The leader said, "We are prepared to share information, as well."
Lavigne spoke up, "I also propose that we maintain constant communications between the capitals so we might share new intelligence as we acquire it."
"Agreed," Hale said.  He pushed the folder forward and his eyes drifted away as he thought.  "I have looked at the history of our engagements with her and her people.  I beg your leave if this is a silly question, but has no one asked for her demands?  What goal she may have?"
Henri laughed.  "One does not ask for the biography of someone whose first words are spoken with knives and guns."
"I understand."
"We know what she says when she enters our cities," the colonel said.  "She seeks the removal of both Leo and Virgo from Sagittarius."
The duke shook his head and said, "Perhaps it is because I am so new here that I feel the need to understand the situation better.  What so enraged her about our presence that she …"
"She and her kind are animals, duke." Castan said.  "The natives of this world were godsless and lived a shameful life until we arrived.  Of course this savage cannot express herself without shedding blood.  It is their way, and because this is all she understands, it is how we must respond."
Amice's head lowered the more the marchis spoke.  She looked up in time to see the duke glance back at a woman, perhaps his attendant.  Her chin was pressed against her collar, and Dulu imagined that she, too, must be a native.  Amice felt wounded and lightheaded.  A rush of sensations swept up through her chest and into her face.  At first, she thought tears would soon fall, but instead, her skin became hot.  
"My duke, marchis," Nibley said in a stammering, oddly accented version of Leonan, "if we are to share this information now, I would suggest that the tent be cleared."
"Quite right, general," Henri said.  Without looking behind himself, he waved his hand over his head, dismissively.  All of the attendants and vaslets headed for the exits, as did those from the Virgan side.  In the grass beyond the tent and between the airships from both nations, the soldiers walked to their separate sides while the Virgan and Leonan aides spoke among themselves.  The natives from both nations, however, stood alone, separated from each other in the tall grass.  Most of them were thinking with their heads down and slowly ambling.  
Finally, they began to look up.  Each of their eyes danced around the scene until they met the questing eyes of another native.  When Dulu's met those of the Virgan duke's aide, she saw a mirror.  The older woman was tired and her stern frown revealed disgust.  Her eyes, though, swelled with tears that might never fall.  Seeing each other gave them both some measure of strength, so they each raised their heads a little higher.  Finally, after the woman made a simple nod, Amice looked away and began to ponder what she might do.
XXIV
JARUMI
1,259 Years After Colonization

She cut her hair.  For years she had grown the long braids and worn them tied behind her head and back.  Now, however, she was known.  Now they were a liability.  She cut her hair close and she looked like a different person.
She felt like it, too.  Her head was lighter and her appearance in reflections was changed, but it was deeper than mere senses.  Cutting her hair felt like she was disconnecting herself from the past.  Though she fought to preserve her world's traditions, she knew that their future required that disconnect in her mind.  She needed to be ready for anything.  She needed to be prepared to break free of the ways she has thought for her entire life.  
She sat in her hut and looked at the mound of cut hair on her floor.  I may not be able to return to my old life.  Somehow, after three years of fighting, this was the first time the thought occurred to her.
The people of Lafai were still recovering from the chemical attack and now there was rationing of food since more than half of the year's crops were lost.  It had been weeks and many of the scouts and raiding parties that were sent out before the attack had returned.  Few brought good news or plundered goods.  Before she left, Hana selected groups of her warriors who could take sufficient food from nearby Virgan and Leonan cities so the village might survive the winter.  So they could eat until the crops could grow again.  If they will grow again.
She and Nalo departed near the start of the harvest and they trekked high into the Tall Mountains.  For days as they walked and sought to avoid areas of the wilderness that had been sprayed, they talked about their plans.
Nalo advocated for a raid of the medical facilities.  "They have poisoned themselves by accident, I am certain.  They must have a treatment."
Jarumi remained firm.  "We will not take their pills.  We will not use their doctors.  We are in a fight to preserve our traditions, and you would have us betray them?"
"If we are to survive, we may have to."
"We will go to their airships.  They must have a way to prevent being poisoned as they fly.  Or some means to stop the poisoning of their plants.  We will take that from them and then we will destroy what we can of their ability to kill us again."
Finally, they reached the plains surrounding the Virgan capital of Tawa.  From the trees, they marked the positions of towers, the paths of soldiers on patrol, and the roads used by military vehicles.  Night fell and they decided to rest for a short while.  
When they awoke before dawn, they got out of their green robes and into the white uniforms of the Virgan "native" armies.  Hana knew that portraying an officer again would likely draw attention, but a "native" soldier would be ignored.  They put on their blue caps and lifted their rifles from their bags.  The sky was black and speckled with stars and she gazed up into them.  Out of habit, she flicked her head to one side to move the bound braids from her shoulder so they might hang down her back.  When she didn't feel the same swing, the same tug on her scalp that had been part of her life for the last decade, she gasped.
"We will go to the medical facility."
Nalo turned and looked at her in the dark.  "Are you certain?"
"No, but we must.  We will look for medicine, for information on the poison … anything."
He nodded and said, "And then we may go to the airships?"
"If we do not find what we seek among their doctors, yes."
He smiled and bowed his head.  "Thank you, Jarumi."
"Do not thank me.  We are not yet home."  They watched the men in the towers and then those on the ground in the distance.  When there was sufficient space, she said, "Now."  They left the trees and crossed the open space quickly.  They maneuvered through the crops for a long while and then found themselves against the outer wall.  With a practiced ease, they lifted the rifles to their shoulders and began to march the perimeter of Tawa.  A few minutes later, they came to the gate at the same time as another pair of "native" Virgan soldiers.  They weren't surprised to see each other; they all nodded and then looked through the bars at the Virgan regular inside.
"Opening East One," the serjeant said.  The four soldiers entered the city and walked up the street.
The sun was just beginning to rise and revealed the decrepit houses and buildings all around.  With the light now upon them, Jarumi and Nalo turned away from the other two soldiers lest they be discovered.  After trudging up another path past the neighborhood's communal water pump, they walked to the west, toward the side of the inner district which held the most government and military buildings.  When they approached the inner gate, a column of Virgan regulars was marching out, so the infiltrators walked through in the other direction, right past the guards.
They maintained their false patrol, winding along the streets and reading whatever signage they could.  Jarumi grew nervous as she realized more people would be out and about soon.  More people meant more eyes and some of them may have questions for this pair.
"There," Nalo said.  "Over the flood wall."  
The sign read, "Asclepian Temple, Medical Building ahead."
They walked up a stone staircase, over a concrete wall, and down the other side.  There they saw the temple on their left.  It was stone and marble with columns and a decorated façade, like the other Pantheonic temples they had seen.  The medical building was next to it but more nondescript.  Bricks, wood, windows.  Nothing to draw the eye of most, but Hana immediately saw the four Virgan regulars guarding the front entrances.
"We will need to find another way inside."
They maintained the ruse and marched along the street.  They turned and walked the length of the building until they neared a cluster of supply sheds at its rear.  Outside of an unmarked door, they saw a stack of filled brown canvas bags.  
Jarumi approached cautiously and then she stopped when she realized she could see the outline of a body in one of the sacks.  She scanned the others and realized that they were all filled.  Nearly thirty of them.
"Corpses?" Nalo asked.  She only nodded.  They walked along the rows of bodies and she contemplated opening one when the rear door flew open.  
A man wearing an ankle-length black robe appeared.  He was wearing some sort of sleeved rubber apron over his torso and his face was covered with a white cloth mask.  "Help me."
They shared a glance and then walked to the door.  Just inside, they saw another canvas-covered body lying on a wheeled table.  Nalo pinched a corner of the sack and lifted.  Jarumi and the Virgan doctor carried it the rest of the way out of the building and then on top of the rest.
"Thank you," he said.
"What happened?" Hana asked.
After being initially surprised at the question, the doctor said, "Another test of the sprays.  The same result."
She nodded and reached toward her waist.  As the man turned, she stabbed him in the shoulder at the nape of the neck and down toward his chest.  The blade wasn't long enough to pierce his lung, so the man cried out.  Nalo rushed forward and covered his mouth as Jarumi unfastened his robe and apron.  Once they fell away, she removed her knife and stabbed him again and again in the back, making sure to aim for the lungs.  He gurgled and stumbled as Nalo led him to the pile of bodies.  They both quickly buried him under several canvas sacks.
"If one of us is a doctor," she said as she wiped the blood from her blade on the underside of a body bag, "we will be able to move about with ease."
"I understand, but I would have appreciated a warning."
She removed her cap.  "He surprised me, too."
With the robe and apron on, Hana opened the door and walked inside.  After a short length of hallway, they came to a door with a windowed slit.  She looked in and saw two doctors operating on someone.  She looked away and they kept walking.  Another door with a slit; empty inside.  At an intersection with another corridor, the hall to the left seemed busier, so they turned right.  
When Jarumi saw that they were near administrative offices, she shook her head.  "This was a mistake," she whispered.  "Why did I believe we could find a room with pills or potions to fight the poison?  We have no knowledge of this place."
Nalo nodded.  "We can leave for the airships."
When she turned to face him, she saw a door with a sign that read, "Records."
"Here."  They entered and quickly closed the door behind them.  Inside were many shelves and boxes.  A large table and set of chairs filled the center of the room.  She scanned the shelves and saw labels on each one.  "Look for 'sprays' or 'testing.'"
For long, quiet minutes, they perused the papers, books, and binders.  Most of the words they saw were beyond their comprehension since they were scientific and medical terms.  She stopped, however, when she came to a case labeled, "Shared Correspondence with Gold Coast."
The Virgo and Leo are enemies, she thought.  What would they share?
She removed a large book and saw the seal of the Leonan Empire.  It was titled, "Details of Experiments on Sagittarian Natives: YOE 895 – 1000."  She became nauseous and dizzy.  She pulled on the next large, bound book and saw the subtitle, "1000 – 1100."  Then "1100 – 1200."  After she removed all three, she saw there were Virgan compilations, too.  She put them all on the table, sat in the chair, and began to read.
She needn't have gone beyond the table of contents to become enraged.  "Skin and muscle healing.  Biological infections and antibiotics.  Viral infections.  Illnesses caused by food and water.  Transplants – organ.  Transplants – tissues.  Sterilization."
When she encountered a word she didn't know, she turned to the appropriate page.  After a moment gathering the context in the pages, she ground her teeth and pledged her desire for vengeance anew.
Soon, Nalo joined her and began reading the later volumes from Kingsland.  "Chemical weapons and vesicants.  Biological warfare.  Electricity tolerance.  Burn treatments.  Hypothermia.  Pressurization – high altitude.  Pressurization – low orbit.  Pressurization – subaquatic.  Insecticides.  Herbicides.  Syphilus Study – New Clay."  
After more than an hour of silent and uninterrupted reading, Jarumi and Nalo both looked at each other and they saw their own rage reflected back.  He nodded and brought his backpack to the table.  After the six volumes were loaded, they departed.
XXV
HALE
1,259 Years After Colonization

"In the performance of transorbital leukotomy, a sharp slender instrument (leukotome) is inserted into the conjunctival sac of the eye three centimeters from the midline, aimed parallel with the bony ridge of the nose and driven through the orbital plate with the aid of a small mallet to a final depth of five centimeters within the frontal lobe.  Lateral and medial cuts are then made through the white tissues.  First, the leukotome is pivoted no more than one hundred-ten degrees toward the opposite orbit and returning it to the neutral position.  Then, the instrument is driven a further two centimeters into the frontal lobe where it is pivoted no more than seventy-five degrees on each side.  In cases of severe maladjustment or neurological impairments, a third cut may be made by forcing the leukotome upwards toward the center of the skull so that it may transect the tissues nearest the interhemispheric fissure.  After the instrument has been returned to the neutral position, it may be removed and the procedure repeated via the opposing eye."
Upton sat up and looked away.  Saliva rushed to his mouth and he feared that he may vomit.  He turned in his chair and looked out the window.  After he closed his eyes and swallowed his spit, he breathed slowly and evenly.  A moment later, he asked, "These are the books that were missing from the medical facility?"
"Yes, my duke," General Nibley said.  "Six altogether.  The Leonan volumes constitute the information both our nations share, specifically, the experiments related to illnesses, injuries, and the like.  The Virgan volumes, unfortunately, are more sensitive and secret."
"Weapons research," the duke said.
"In large part."  Nibley pointed at the books, "These are duplicates from our primary archive."  He shifted in his seat and lifted a crudely made poster.  "It is no question that the information here came from those texts."
Hale nodded.  When he returned to his desk, he closed the book and asked, "How many signs have your soldiers seized?"
"Dozens, lord.  Bills and such are not allowed in the outer districts, so they are easy to spot.  My men and women have standing orders to remove any they find."
The duke licked his lips.  "Any idea how long they were posted?"
"None, lord."
"And no idea how many more may have been distributed by hand and not hung?"
The general shook his head.  "None."
"Very well.  Thank you for the assistance in understanding their source."
Nibley stood and gestured toward the desktop.  "Shall I return the books to the archive, my duke?"
Upton looked at the dark blue leather cover and he wanted to throw them out the window and into the river.  "No.  I will see to it that they are returned."
"Good day, duke."  The general bowed and left the office.
He pushed it away until it touched the purple-bound Leonan volume.  The two most recent compilations of medical research and work performed here on Sagittarius.  His stomach churned and he turned away again.  After a moment, he reached for the small bell on his desk and rang it.  
A moment later, his door opened and Rowena Clive asked, "Yes, my lord?"
"Enter, please."  She crossed the room and sat in front of his desk.  "I am … issuing a decree.  A copy is to be sent by courier to Robérville with the next messages."
"Yes, my lord."  With paper and a pencil ready, she looked at him and waited.
It was nearly a minute before the duke spoke.  "As of this date, all medical experimentation in Kingsland is to cease."  Clive slowly looked up from her page.  "All doctors who have natives under their care are to treat their patients for their wounds and illnesses before releasing them as soon as practical."  Instinctively, he felt as though an official decree should be more wordy, but he couldn't think of anything else to say.  When he turned to his drawer and removed the seal and wax candle, he saw that his aide was immobile.
"The signs are true."
Hale sighed.  "It shames me as a Virgan to say so, but yes.  They are."  Her expression hardened and her face went pale.  "You have every right to your anger.  Had I known," he shook his head.
"What is to be done now?"
He pointed to her pad.  "As soon as the decree is printed, I will sign it and seal it, and the evils will be at an end."
"And afterward?"  Rowena saw the duke's confusion and she continued, "What of the many Sagittarians who have suffered?  What of their families?"
Upton blinked and looked away.  "I do not know."
Her voice raised in volume.  "They are all due some recompense!"
"Possibly.  But how that may be achieved is … beyond me."
Clive was still for a moment.  Finally, she stood.  "I will have the decree ready shortly."
"Thank you."  As he watched her go, he thought, I truly hope that I will not require a new assistant.
XXVI
JARUMI
1,259 Years After Colonization

Clouds of sickly white smoke rose from the streets and wafted toward the central district.  Voluminous and billowing still, the gas spread languidly among the people and around the nearby buildings.  The clamor and clashing of weapons and bodies was hidden from sight but not from hearing.  Jeers and shouts carried far and echoed in the alleys.  
Dark blue-suited police and khaki-uniformed Virgan regulars rushed into the melee with their black masks.  Their eyes were hidden under the glare of glass and a pair of hoses ran over their shoulders from the mound over their mouths.  They were able to breathe well through the fumes, but the people were not so fortunate.  In the first minutes after the gas was deployed, many fell to their knees and clutched their throats.  Others ran from the plume, coughing and gagging.  While dozens remained in misty obscurity, the forces of the government moved in and exacted their retribution.
Natives were met with batons across their faces.  If a silhouette in the smoke was seen to be holding anything, other soldiers raised their weapons and fired.  The Virgan regulars moved forward down the street in a wall two-people thick.  The city's constables marched behind the lines of khaki to bind whoever had been felled.  All had their hands pulled behind their backs and, with a length of rope, they were tied together and then linked with their legs by binding them further around their ankles.  Like farm animals, Sagittarians lay on the street to be picked up by crews who did not have masks and had to wait until the gas munitions had cleared away.  All were injured and more than a few were dead.
From beyond the site of the main conflict, hundreds of other natives looked on.  Fear and confusion gripped them at first, but it became rage as the brutality was revealed.  The smoke pushed away and showed the bound bodies lying in pools of blood that puddled in the dirt and gravel.  There were too many to count, it seemed.  Mothers held their children closer.  The elderly quaked with fear.  The rest steeled their jaws, clenched their fists, and began to act.  They wrapped rags over their mouths and noses, picked up sticks and tools, and walked toward the inner district's gates where the soldiers now stood guard.
In the distance, Hana lowered the spyglass from her eyes and passed it to Nalo.  She beamed and her chest swelled with pride.  She looked into her pack at the sheets of posters and pamphlets describing the centuries of torture the mutane experienced and knew they would not be needed here.
"Tano," she said, "take some of the weapons into the city and aid them."
"Yes, Jarumi."  
"Help them organize and harden their spirits."
"Yes, Jarumi."  She lifted a long canvas bag of rifles, pistols, and ammunition to her shoulder.
"Miwu, go with her."  A young man nodded and they both walked away from the group of warriors.
Nalo returned the spyglass and said, "What shall we do now?"
Hana had not stopped smiling.  "It seems that Kingsland does not require our aid at present."  She turned and looked at the Great River.  "Let us go east and see what befalls the Leo."
XXVII
DULU
1,259 Years After Colonization

In the few months since the meeting with the Virgo along the Acheron River, harvest had come to the world.  Cool air and winds descended on the valleys and the rivers.  Soon, the snow would fall and most of the Gold Coast would become isolated from the rest as the valleys and passes became blanketed.  Amice thought ahead to that isolation and realized that she had felt it in herself already this year.  She lived it daily in the palace of the marchis, and when she visited her husband and son in the outer district, she felt it again because she was "on a leash."  An "animal" like the people in her neighborhood but trained by the upper class to seem better than them and yet still not good enough.  She thought of the snow and the cold air from the ocean.  She thought about being alone with Cortney and Cash.  She wished that could be the case.
She had done her work as Castan's senior vaslet, but she did nothing extra.  She was quiet.  She kept her head down.  She listened more carefully to her ruler in all that he said and she noticed many other things that angered her but had somehow escaped her attention before.
There were rumors about the doctors of both Kingsland and Gold Coast and what they did to the people under their care.  In seeing her brother-in-law, Boone, listless and barely alive in her home, Dulu did not doubt their truth.  One evening, while she was leaving her work at the palace, a mob came to the gates of the inner district holding torches and farming tools and surging against the bars.  Leonan regulars climbed onto platforms and fired down into the crowd indiscriminately.  The screams still haunted her mind and Amice felt shame at the fear that overtook her.  The fear that drove her back into the palace and into her small servant's quarters.
One early afternoon as she was home with her family, she heard a commotion.  She went to the door and asked a boy that ran past, "What is happening?"
He slowed for only a moment as he ran after a growing group of people.  "There's a gibbet in the courtyard!"
Dulu turned and looked at her husband.  "Did you hear?"
He was cradling Cash as he drank from a bottle.  "Yes.  Who might it be?"
"I do not know."  She walked to the rack that hung on the wall and removed her coat.  
As she put it on, he said, "What …"  He sighed and finished, "Be wary."
"I will."
The people in the outer district crowded toward the large gates before the north courtyard.  Younger natives climbed onto the homes and buildings nearest the wall in hopes of getting a better view.  Amice walked with the group and up the incline before the closed gates.  As she was told, between the tall stone buildings and at the center of the open cobblestone space, there was a large platform with a gibbet atop it.  Fires had already been started and stoked and cauldrons sat above the flames.  Soldiers placed equipment on the platform and Leonan regulars in black examined long metal poles.  The people around Dulu chatted and spoke about who might be executed.  She remained quiet and stared ahead.
Finally, almost an hour later, soldiers entered the courtyard and took up positions between the gates and the platform.  They wore ceremonial uniforms and armor, but they also carried pikes which jutted through severed heads.  The crowd came to life and they began pointing and speaking even more loudly.  By Amice's count, there were almost twenty heads.  She certainly saw no one she recognized until the marchis himself strode up a path and ascended the platform.
Proudly in his purple and red outfit which Dulu recognized right away, Henri Castan put his hands on his waist and called out, "People of Robérville!  I bring to you great news!  The traitor and terrorist Jarumi has been captured!"  The assemblage spoke again to each other and some gasped as a hooded and bound figure was dragged up the steps by two soldiers.  They removed the ropes from her hands and feet and tied her to the sides of the gibbet.  Finally, with a flourish, the marchis removed the hood.  A woman with short hair and a gag in her mouth was revealed.  Her face was bruised and bloodied but she raised it high, despite whatever pain she suffered.
"Jarumi," someone near Amice whispered.  
"For years, she has waged open war upon both Kingsland and Gold Coast!" Henri said.  "For years, she has spread lies among the people!  For years, she has sown rebellion!  Today, this savage's campaign is at an end as she will be put to death by dismemberment!"  Within the walls of the inner district, there rose a cheer from the garishly dressed Leo upper class.  In the outer district, there was silence.
A soldier in black removed the gag and immediately, Jarumi shouted, "Rise up!  Rise up and fight!"  The soldier smacked her across the face and as soon as she recovered from the strike, she screamed again, "There are more of us than them!  Rise up!"  The soldier then punched her square in the mouth.
Castan had been shaking his head as she yelled.  Finally, he said, "Remove her tongue!"
Jarumi screamed and fought as best as she could, twisting her head from side to side.  A soldier with a pair of pliers finally managed to grab her tongue with the tool and another used a dagger to cut it from her mouth.  He held the pink thing high and then tossed it to the street below the platform.  Undaunted, she raised her head and cried out again.  Her words were lost and unintelligible, but her volume was every bit as loud as before.  When she tired to speak, gouts of blood and spit sprayed into the air and onto the platform.  When the marchis got some on his jacket, he trotted away and removed a cloth to wipe his sleeve clean.
"Gag her again!"  The soldiers complied.
As the Leo elite egged them on, they took daggers to her robes and tore her clothes away from her.  She was restrained, nude, in the cold wind from the coast.  Soldiers in black removed long metal poles from the fire.  Some were simple pokers and a pair were pincers.  The metal glowed red and they ascended the platform as Castan moved aside.  Jarumi shook her head and thrashed against the ropes but she could not move.  At the same time, her right and left forearms were seized by the pincers, which burned and scorched her skin.  Smoke rose from her wounds and she screamed against the gag.  As the pincers then went to her legs, soldiers with hot pokers placed them upon her breasts.  
Some in the inner district blanched at the violence, but there were still cheers.  Amice looked down and then at the people around her.  Half were still watching, in horror, at the torture, but the others were like her.  They, too, appeared ashamed and afraid.  The distant sizzle of searing metal on skin could be heard, followed immediately by the muffled cries of Jarumi.  Dulu looked at the people around her again and she saw their fear shift.  She felt anger in herself and she believed she saw it in the people's eyes.
Jarumi's body heaved against the restraints as the metal poles were removed, but soldiers immediately set upon her with knives, slashing at her limbs and torso.  When their strokes were finished, they turned and took from aides hot casting ladles filled with molten lead.  Dulu saw the silvery liquid trickle over her skin and her wide-eyed reaction.  Amice's stomach churned and she turned away.  It had been only half-an-hour at this stage.  The torture could last for a few hours at least.  She knew that she could not take it.
It took her twenty minutes to push her way through the crowd toward the rear.  The people stared into the courtyard and didn't seem to sense her approach until she touched them or spoke.  With the empty streets of her neighborhood before her, she turned and looked back at the gibbet.  
In almost one hour, Jarumi had been rendered unrecognizable.  Her face was swollen from punches, elbows, and the occasional smack of a pole.  Her arms and legs were ringed with bands of crisp, blackened tissue.  Her chest and abdomen were pitted with dark, seeping wounds of viscera, some of which were now gray with hardened metal.  Her entire body was coated in a drying sheet of blood.  Despite the pain and damage inflicted on her, Jarumi's head was still raised.
Dulu went cold.  Her fingers tingled and her muscles tensed.  The Leo cheered again as she was struck across the face with a red-hot device.  She swallowed hard from a dry mouth and then re-entered the crowd.  She pushed her way to the middle where she had been before and she went farther.  Every few moments, she looked up and saw some new horrible detail on the prisoner's body that she hadn't seen before.  Finally, barely ten meters from the bars of the wide gate to the inner district, she stopped and watched.  Movement to the right within the courtyard caught her attention and she saw four horsemen, each with a length of rope attached to their saddles.  Amice nodded because she knew what was coming.
She turned and looked back at the sea of faces.  Her people.  There were two thousand or more within sight.  When Jarumi screamed against her gag as boiling oil was poured onto her back, Dulu said, "Rise up."
A few faces turned toward her.
"Rise up."
More.  Some began to nod.
"Rise up."
Now, they began to chant.  "Rise up!  Rise up!  Rise up!"
Amice looked through the gates again and saw the confused looks on the guards faces.  She pushed the shoulders of the man in front of her and soon, the entire crowd surged toward the entrance.  The iron bars bowed and the guards backed away.  Still, the people chanted.
"Rise up!"
The upper class in the courtyard were now turning toward the commotion and many of them began to flee.  Hundreds were braced against the gates and young men and women climbed onto the shoulders of the people ahead of them.  Soon, more than a dozen climbed over the wall and others followed.  Guards clashed with the natives on the other side while those still in the outer district could only watch and chant.
"Rise up!"
One of the gates' hinges broke free of the stone in which it was embedded.  Two teens escaped the clutches of the Leonan guards and removed the latches that kept it closed.  Finally, the gates opened and one fell to the ground and atop two guards.
"Rise up!"
They surged into the courtyard and the remaining Leo elites scattered for their homes and businesses.  On the nearby platform, Henri Castan looked at the crowd and was frozen by what he saw.  Hundreds streamed onto the stone streets and soldiers ran forward to meet them.  With fists and sticks, the natives took some of their rifles and they fired.
A column of Leonan regulars came from the east and fanned across the street there.  The marchis fled from the platform and ran toward the palace with the ceremonial guards close behind, still carrying heads on their pikes.  An entire side of the people ran toward the Leonans as they shot, and many in the mob fell, but there were still too many.  Soon, the regulars were set upon and they were relieved of their weapons and their lives.
In the brief respite of a small victory, Amice found herself standing next to the smoldering cauldron of molten lead and she looked up to the gibbet.  Jarumi's swollen eyes scanned the crowd and she nodded.
There was a gunshot to her right.  Dulu turned and saw the four horsemen trying to ride through the people, but the officers were soon pulled from their mounts.  The animals reared and bucked before they ran away.  In the intersection near them, a new column of Leonan soldiers appeared.  They wore light blue and Amice immediately recognized them as natives.  While the people of Robérville's outer districts took rifles from dead and dying soldiers on one side, the people on the other side formed a wall and stared at their fellow Sagittarians.  The native soldiers on the front lines followed the command of the Leonan lieutenant and raised their rifles.  The citizens marched forward and there was a commotion among the ranks.  Several native soldiers fell to the ground as those behind them began to beat others with their rifles.  The lieutenant aimed his pistol, but he was killed by one of his men.  More than half of the native unit joined the uprising while the rest ran back into the city.
Nearly three thousand filled the streets of the northern area adjacent to the palace and dozens streamed into the wealthy neighborhoods with weapons and torches.  Dulu thought about taking a group with her to the palace's side doors.  She knew she could get inside.  As she was about to wave people to join her, she heard a familiar noise.  The sound of engines.  Light armored ground vehicles came up the street from where the native soldiers fled.  Piled into the backs were dozens of Leonan regulars and a small cannon emplacement on each.  Amice looked around for a rifle on the ground and there came another sound from above.  
She faced the blue sky and saw the approach of four Leonan aeroplanes.  Their propellers hummed but then their cannons fired.  Hundreds of rounds tore into the streets and the people panicked.  Many rushed back to the gates in a bid to return to their neighborhood.  As the land vehicles rolled over the bodies of some and plowed into others, Dulu found herself at the center.  She looked at the gibbet and saw that Jarumi's head had finally fallen.  She turned toward the gate and studied the mass of people between her and her home.  The planes turned and made another strafing run.  When their cannons fired, she closed her eyes.

The sun had set but it was not dark outside.
Cortney held Cash close to his chest as he gathered clothes and things from around the small home.  Once they were loaded into a sack, he pulled the strap over his head and yanked the drapes separating the sleeping area from the main room.  There, sitting in his usual place, was his brother.
"I am sorry, Boone."  Tears came to his eyes and he kissed the catatonic man on his forehead.  Boone did not react in any way.
The father and child left their house and walked into the street.  Hundreds of people ran and walked by, fleeing their homes for their lives.  Lights shone from the inner district of the city toward the outer.  Airships flew overhead, some with spotlights.  In the outer district, the source of the brightness was the fires.
Great orange tongues licked into the black night with flecks of yellow drifting on the currents where they dimmed and died.  Earlier, inner district businesses and government buildings burned and soon the flames blew into the adjacent neighborhoods.  The marchis dispatched everyone he could to extinguish the inner district's blazes, but his efforts did not go beyond it.  The outer districts were being consumed.
Cortney wrapped a blanket around himself and Cash.  They stood on the dirt road and looked at their home as people ran by him carrying everything they owned.  Fire moved up his street and their neighbors' homes were engulfed.  He was surprised at how quickly it went.  When the first flames lapped on the Dulus' house, ones just six doors down had already collapsed and were little more than glowing cinders beneath the tall fire.  Finally, the home was enveloped.  The blaze did its work and moved to the next.
Cortney heaved a stuttering, grieving breath.  He held Cash closer and they walked after the rest of his people, not knowing what lay ahead.
XXVIII
JARUMI
Unknown Years Before Activation

"Would you like to know the future?"
"The future?"  Hana furrowed her brow.  "That is dangerous."
"Indeed."
"I could ask if my people were freed from the rule of the Virgo and Leo," she paused, wondering if the voices would answer, "but I may not like what you say."
"You would not."
She winced and shook her head.  "Dangerous."
"You had a lasting impact, however."
"How so?"
The male voice said, "Thanks to the deep-rooted traditions that mingled medicine and religion among your people, …"
"And because you exposed the horrific misdeeds by the so-called doctors on Sagittarius," the other voice interjected.
"Most of the people of your world never accepted the medicine and science that betrayed them before."  Jarumi nodded and the voice continued, "Even as medicine became more equitable and effective, they preferred their root teas and herbs to being cured of their afflictions.  Does this please you?"
Hana only said, "I understand it, at least.  What about the iskoki?"
"Lost to time, though many of the ceremonies were not.  They were merely reappropriated for the Pantheon.  The curse of the Olympians has a long reach."
She shook her head again.  "Damn."  She held her arms behind her back and asked, "Tell me.  Did the mutane ever rise up again?"
"A few did, a few times."
"Without much success.  The people had pacifism beaten into them at the point of swords and rifles.  After generations, it became accepted and a part of life.  And this acceptance was exploited by many for centuries thereafter."
Hana screamed, "Why?!  Why did I do it if this is the end?!"
"Because you loved your world and your people."  Tears fell from her eyes and Jarumi nodded.  She held her face in her hands as she despaired.
After a moment, the other voice asked, "What would have made things different for Sagittarius?"
She wiped her eyes and sniffed.  She thought and said, "If we worshipped the same gods from the start, perhaps."  Hana then angrily shook her head.  "No.  They would always have found a reason to treat us as they did.  My world had many things that they wanted.  Things that they took.  There is nothing that would have protected us from them.  Duniya wasn't Leo or Virgo.  In their fight, we were destined to lose."

END OF BOOK FIVE



I
FEARNHAM
977 Years After Colonization

Scarlette placed her hand on the stone above her head and pulled with all her might.  She strained and grunted but, finally, she heaved herself onto the ledge.  She lay there for a long moment before she rolled over and wheezed, "I am too old for this." 
With her hand braced on the rock wall behind her, she stood and looked north.  The foothills of the Ereban Mountains sprawled outward like bony fingers and gave way to green fields of tall grass.  A long river crossed the horizon and glinted like silver in the light of day.  Fearnham sighed and forced herself to look at the sight.  Study it.  Remember it.
She turned and walked along the ridge, looking out each time she came to a new vantage point.  Finally, as she stared down on the Great Valley in the south, she noticed a looming band of dark clouds.  She looked up the side of the mountain toward the peak and knew she still had some way to go before she was at the top, but then she studied the storm clouds again.  The ground beneath them was darkened and hazy with falling rain.  Lightning flickered across the bow of the band and she realized that it was coming this way.
"Damn."
She inched toward the edge of the ledge and looked down the side.  Where was the cave?  She saw it an hour ago, it seemed.  Apparently empty, she knew it was probably deep enough to provide shelter.  Scarlette faced the approaching clouds again and saw that they were closer.  Immediately, she began her descent.
Moving down the rockface and occasionally sliding, though accidentally, was far quicker than her ascent.  When she skidded to a stop on a ledge, she turned in every direction and recognized where she was.  Thunder rumbled to the south and the first arms of dark gray stretched overhead.  She walked along the perimeter of the mountain until she came to the spot.  She looked up and saw the mouth.  Three meters from the ridge where she stood, she braced her foot on a crack in the wall and reached up toward the floor of the cave.
"Vous avé trouver le caverne?"
Fearnham whipped her head down and left.  There she saw a young woman climbing onto the ledge beneath her.  Her short blond hair was dirty and her face was streaked with sweat.  Scarlette studied her quickly and saw only the woman's tight clothes and bare forearms.  She had a belt with rope but no weapons.  Clearly, though, she was Leonan.
"I'm sorry?"
The woman's eyes widened as she stood.  "You are Virgan."  She nodded and panted with her hands on her hips.  There was a faint flash of light above their heads and they both looked into the clouds.  "We need to get in the cave."
Suddenly feeling compromised, Fearnham jumped off the wall and stood to the side.  With a gesture, she said, "After you."
"Merci."
In a dash, she ran to the rock wall, stepped onto the surface and bounded toward the mouth of the cave.  By the time Scarlette registered what she had done, she was hanging from the opening and pulling herself up.  She disappeared inside and then turned to look out and down at the older woman.
"Do you need help?"
Fearnham looked at the few footholds she had marked in her mind and sighed.  "Probably."  She didn't say it loud enough to be heard.  She climbed as far up the wall as she could and reached toward the cave.  Instead, she found the woman's hand.  She gripped tightly and began to pull while Scarlette propelled herself upward with her scrambling boots against the rock.  Clumsily, they both tumbled into the opening.  "I am obliged," Fearnham said.
"Of course."  The Leonan stood and found that she was too tall for the ceiling, so she remained hunched over.  She walked to the back of the cave, feeling the uneven floor.  The rear wall was nearly ten meters from the opening and the rear floor was raised slightly from the floor at the entrance.  "It is cozy," she said, "but we should be safe."
"That is good," the Virgan said.  She groaned as she rolled onto her side and walked toward the back wall.  She sat on an outcropping of stone and looked out of the mouth at the quickly darkening sky.  After a flash, there was thunder, and she said, "I am Scarlette Fearnham."
She smiled and extended her hand.  "I am Lieutenant Wallis Marchand."
The Virgan raised a single eyebrow as she shook her hand.  "Lef-tenant?"
"Oil.  In His Majesty's Army."
"Mm.  I once served in Her Majesty's Army."
"Oh.  And now?"
After a crack of thunder, Scarlette looked outside and said, "Perhaps later."  Wallis nodded and removed the rope from her waist, stacking it on the floor.  "I am sorry that my Leonese is lacking."
"No," she smiled, "I am happy to practice.  I am interested in command and knowing Virgan is important."
"Good."  Suddenly, there was the sound of rain and they looked outside.  Drops pelted the floor at the opening and stirred wisps of steam from the sun-warmed rock.  "I wonder how long this will last."
"I hope not long.  I have no food."
Fearnham chuckled.  "An army lef-tenant, ill prepared?"
"It was a kind of race, you know?"  The sudden drop in temperature caused Marchand to begin rubbing her bare arms.  "I climb quickly to the top and down again."
"I've not heard of such a race.  How long does it take?"
"Eh, three hours?  Four hours?  I have not climbed this mountain before, so I do not know."
"That is impressive."  Scarlette wriggled her shoulders to free the straps of her bag.  Once she removed it, she unfastened the clasps and said, "I have fruit, if you would like."
"Mes dieux.  Thank you."  Fearnham removed a yellow apple and Wallis took it with a smile.
"For an officer, you appear very happy.  Is that simply your love of climbing or is this your true demeanor?"
Marchand laughed.  "It is my demeanor.  The other officers say I am too happy but they do not know me enough to know why I am happy."  Scarlette nodded but didn't want to pry further.  She took another yellow apple out and bit into it.  She chewed and watched the storm while the younger woman kept talking.  "That is why I am here.  I climb a mountain once a month and I choose this one, this big one.  I prove to myself I can do what I want."
Scarlette faced her again and raised her apple in toast.  "Very admirable."
With her mouth somewhat full, Marchand asked, "What about you?  What do you do if you are not in the army now?"
Fearnham looked down and pondered if she should reveal it.  When she saw the genuine look on Wallis' face, she decided to go ahead.  "Do you know Sir John White?"
"Of course.  He is the executor of the Delta Exploratory Company."
"He was also my father-in-law."
The Leonan's eyes widened.  "Really?"
"Yes.  He died a few days ago."
"Oh," her head tilted, "my condolences."
"Thank you.  His daughter, my wife, had no interest in the business yet I did, so he took me under his tutelage and named me his successor."  She nodded and then faced out the cave again and looked at the hazy, gray sky.  "In two days, I take over."
"Congratulations, executor."  She raised the core of her apple in a toast, too, before tossing it out of the cave. 
"Thank you."
Wallis rubbed her arms and shook her head.  "I did not think I would be speaking with the Virgan leader today."
"Or ever, perhaps?"
"No, I knew I would someday."  Marchand raised her chin and said, "I fully expect to be the commander of the Leonan forces eventually."
"Ambitious."  Scarlette reached into her backpack and withdrew a fleece blanket.  She tossed it to Wallis who groaned with pleasure and held it against her face.
"Thank you again."  She unfolded it and wrapped it around her torso.  "I will not go climbing again so unprepared."  After she took a deep breath in the warmth of the blanket, she looked into Fearnham's eyes and squinted.  "There are so many questions I might ask of you."
"Indeed," the older woman chuckled.
"How have the Virgans fared so well on this untamed world?"
"And how do you know how well we fare?"
"Oh, we hear things.  But our colonel, he does not report the truth to Leo because he does not want to look like a failure."
"Wise," Scarlette smiled and took another apple from her bag.  "It was not easy at the first, but it became easy because of my father-in-law.  He was sent here with a fair number of soldiers and a more than healthy complement of servants from other worlds.  When we arrived, he believed that it was simply good business for everyone to join together and help each other.  The servants were freed, given all the rights any other Virgans had here, and they helped us as we built our homes and villages."
"Freed?"  The lieutenant shook her head for a second as she tried to understand.  "Did they not desire to return to their own worlds?"  
"Some may have, though if they did, their station would not be so fair as it is upon Cancer.  Besides, many had been born and raised on Virgo and they had no memory of their ancestral homes."  Wallis nodded and Fearnham continued, "Sir John felt that there was a far greater cost in trying to keep them subservient and keeping watch over them than in welcoming them among us.  It was a hunch that was quickly proven correct.  And beneficial."
"Very interesting."
"Now, allow me to ask a question."  Marchand raised her eyebrows in anticipation.  "On a world as fertile as Cancer, both in agriculture and mining, how have the Leo struggled so?"
"And how do you know how well we fare?"
Scarlette smirked, "We hear things.  Mostly, we've noticed how few satellite settlements you've established."
Wallis' smile faded as she thought.  "I hesitate to say in the presence of … our enemy."
"I understand."
She sat up and adjusted the blanket.  "We were sent with many laborers, as well.  Our commanders, however, worked them hard.  Soldiers, too.  Soldiers were put to work and they were all unhappy.  There have been, eh, desertions.  Both of the laborers and of our military."
"I see."
With a slight, sad nod, "Oil.  Perhaps there is a benefit to establishing oneself here with the purse of a company and not the Empire.  Too often, the colonel speaks of a lack of support from home."
"Sir John spoke of that at times, too, but you may be right."  After a loud burst of thunder, Fearnham said, "If you are going to be the military governor someday, you will have the ability to change policy, correct?"
"Possibly.  To an extent."
"Why so?"
"I fear the well is poisoned with them.  Both our soldiers and the laborers.  Cancer is only a place of work, of toil.  My demeanor, as you say, has been wounded here, so I would like to see if another way is truly possible."
"I invite you to come to Mars' City.  It is a beautiful, bustling city with thousands of people, wonderful buildings, good food, and a port.  The lovely red rocks of the Ruby Range are nearby."
"And there are the king's orders."  Scarlette didn't seem to understand.  "There are dictates regarding our laborers and our soldiers.  I fear I could not make such changes, even if I were to desire it."
The Virgan shook her head.  "The king lives a fifth of a light-year away.  So long as all goes well and the Empire gets what it wants, do you believe Rodolphe will care that you've freed your workers?"
Something in this seemed to surprise her.  Marchand looked toward a flash of lightning and they both winced in the following crack and boom.  Once the noise decayed, she said, "When the queen issued the royal charter, was Sir John White not given orders on how to handle his servants?"
"That is the luxury of such a charter.  The management of the territory is entirely at the discretion of the executor.  He even requested many more once we were set up and stable.  Over the years, the queen sent a couple thousand or so.  He freed them all."
Wallis blinked in surprise.  "You were a soldier first.  When you came and saw what was happening, were you not concerned?"
"Confused, perhaps, knowing the history of the Virgan Empire on other worlds, but not concerned.  I was at first comforted in seeing the benefits of the cooperation.  I learned that the people of the other colonies were not simply backwards natives.  That the servants I had grown up seeing all my life on Virgo were … real people."  She chuckled, "It feels odd to admit such ignorance, but it is the truth.  Then Sir John did something else that won me over fully."
"What?"
Fearnham grunted and adjusted her seating position on the rock.  "When I came to Cancer, I was a serjeant in the first army company sent to enforce the charter.  Two years after that, the Gem Scramble happened.  All manner of jewels were discovered in the Ruby Range and, knowing their value, desertion became a serious problem.  I was poised to desert as well, but Sir John intervened.  My father-in-law could have been vindictive and harsh, but instead he was understanding.  Because of our relative contentment as a society and, frankly, because the Leo had not appeared on the planet at that point," Wallis chuckled, "he knew that we had little need for such a large standing force.  He decreed that soldiers would serve on a partial basis."  The younger woman seemed confused and Scarlette explained, "For three days each week, we would perform our duties.  For the remainder, we would be allowed to do what we will.  So I kept my post and spent most of the week in the hills looking for emeralds and diamonds."
"Did you find any?"
"I did not."  Marchand laughed.  "But I found respect for someone not in a uniform and that was rare for me at the time.  I also found his daughter and fell in love with her, so that was a gem of a different sort."  The Leonan cooed and smiled.  "Giving the people a choice made all the difference.  The numbers of the military did not diminish and, in case of an emergency, they would all be called to serve.  But we have had peace in all our years on Cancer.  Our many towns govern themselves in the old ways, with councils of leaders chosen from among the people, but the people of those towns vote for their leaders.  They are not appointed by Sir John or anyone else outside their communities.  All the soldiers and citizens here are able to decide the courses of their lives."
The tiny smacks of rain continued to land on the rock and the hills outside the cave reverberated with thunder.  Lightning continued to flash, but it became more distant as the time between the sight and the sound began to increase.
"You are very quiet," Fearnham said.
"I am contemplating all that you've said.  And remembering."  She watched the rain for a moment and spoke softly, "I often try to remember my childhood but I find that I cannot.  I may recall specific memories but I find them to be part of a … blur.  I seem to remember so little of it, not because I was young, but because I was wracked with boredom.  Dreadful boredom."
"Your name, Marchand," Scarlette said, "means 'merchant,' yes?"
She nodded.  "It does.  And the line of my family was.  It was expected that we would all do as the family had for generations, whether by traveling to buy or sell goods or by working at the shops.  I was bored doing this for so many years that by the time the thought of a choice came to me, I was too old or I was of the wrong class.  I might have become an apprentice to a shipbuilder, but I was twenty, or become a scholar at university, but I was largely uneducated.  Being a soldier appeared to be the only other choice available to me, so I took it, over my family's objections.  Though it was my only choice, I have loved the life I have lived since I joined."
Scarlette smiled.  "Free will is one of the gods' greatest gifts to mankind.  I fear that the Empires who claimed so many worlds and denied that gift to all the peoples across the stars have committed a grievous sin."  Wallis' mouth hung open and she stared at the Virgan.  "You fear that I speak of sedition?"
Meekly, she answered, "To a degree, yes."
"As I said, they are a fifth of a light-year from us.  We are so distant that couriers and shipments come quarterly, at the most.  Visitors are beyond rare, as are new colonists.  Yet, despite the range, the grasp of our monarchs remains as firm as ever.  Or they attempt it."  Marchand's brow was still furrowed and she seemed as afraid as she was eager.  "Have you ever read Lord Chadwick Appleton?"
"I have not heard of this man."
"He is fictional.  Some years ago, an anonymous satirist on Virgo published a book about the travels of a character named Lord Chadwick."
"Forgive me, but it sounds dull."
Fearnham laughed.  "The premise, perhaps.  The execution, however, is delightful.  As it was a criticism of the crown and imperialism on Sagittarius and other worlds, its distribution was prohibited on Virgo, yet if you are able to find one, I recommend reading it.  Sir John White gifted me his as a wedding present.  It had a profound effect on me."
Wallis nodded.  "I will search for it."  
The Virgan turned her head and looked at the younger woman from different angles.  "I see something in you.  A sense of curiosity and hope.  Unsatisfied, thus far."
"You see well."
"It is a kind of spark, I believe.  Wary, though you may be of the Virgo, you are intrigued by all I've said."
Marchand grinned.  "Again, your eyes do not fail you."
"How many officers serve in your leadership?"
"Under the grand colonel, there are two majors and six captains under them.  Each captain has two lieutenants and I am one."
"Well," Fearnham said, "there is still time before you ascend so high.  You are yet young and are in command over many.  With care, you might spread that spark to others so that the world may welcome your change when you bring it."
"If I decide upon a change."  She looked at the older woman and saw her kind look.  Wallis smiled and said, "I will consider this."
The storm died down and once it seemed that the rain had stopped, the pair emerged from the cave.  Using Marchand's rope, they lowered themselves to the ridge and they descended the mountain together.  At the bottom, they shook hands and parted with the Virgan heading into the northwest and the Leonan going southeast.

(You may read The Diary of Lord Chadwick Appleton and His Journeys About the Unknown Worlds in the Appendix here.)
II
GRANGE
986 Years After Colonization

The king sat on his throne and glared at the financial advisor.  Wisely, the woman in bright colors kept her head low, though the offending pages still dangled from her hands.
"As Atlas is burdened with the weight of the heavens," he said, "so am I burdened with the weight of the Empire."  He leaned his head against the back of the throne and looked skyward.  "Lords of Kobol, hear my prayer."  A few in the court lowered their heads respectfully.  "May Ceres bless our farms, may Vulcan bless our mines, and may Mars bless our swords."
"So say we all."
Rodolphe brought his head down again and looked through the hairs of his eyebrows at the financial advisor.  "Is there nothing more to be wrung from Taurus?  Capricorn?  Pisces?"
"No, my king.  These are largely farming colonies that send what does not sustain themselves to us."
"Scorpio remains untamed and unprofitable."
"Yes, your majesty."
"Sagittarius," Rodolphe shook his head, "my mother signed a decree naming the nation upon that colony Gold Coast!"
"Yes, your majesty, the fumarella trade is proving profitable, however the amount of gold and other minerals extracted does not meet …"
The king kicked the legs of a small table next to the throne.  The platform toppled down the stairs and a cup of wine spilled after it and splashed on the marble floor.  He sighed loudly and muttered, "I am sorry, Gurdon."
The palacemaster bowed, "Think nothing of it, your majesty."
"Send someone in to clean it, please."
"At once, your majesty."  The older man slipped away from the group and out a service door.
The king raised his head and looked at the advisor.  "I will ask, Isabea, that for once, you be the bearer of good tidings."
She nodded quickly and said, "I should like to, your majesty."
"Tell me that Virgo's purses are as thin as ours."
She sighed with a smile.  "I would venture, my king, that Virgo's are even thinner."
Rodolphe clasped his hands together.  "Praise Jupiter."
"They have extended themselves more fully in Alpha, particularly on Pisces, and they maintain a presence on Gemini when we do not.  Above their own world, they have spent decades attempting to change the climate of their moon, Hibernia, into something more tolerable.  On Sagittarius, their colony has not yielded the same precious ores that we have found."
"And on Cancer?"
"We know little, your majesty.  Delta remains so remote."
"But is there reason to believe that the Virgans are prospering where we have not?"
Isabea became wary but ventured ahead regardless.  "In the absence of more information, your majesty, no.  I have no reason to believe this."
Rodolphe smiled and leaned back in the throne.  Gurdon and a servant entered the chamber and the young woman immediately went to the floor on her hands and knees to soak up the wine.  He looked down at her and said, "Thank you, my dear."  She glanced up with a smile and nodded before returning to her work.
"If I may, your majesty," the grand purser said.
"Yes, Michault?"
"In order to prevent a collapse of our finances, I recommend a withdrawal from the colonies and a renewed focus on home matters."
The king grunted and then shook his head.  "No.  No, a withdrawal is a step too far.  We abandon Sagittarius so, what?  The Virgans may take over and find new veins of gold?  So they may then claim all the fields of fumarella?"
"I agree, your majesty," the purser said, "but perhaps a contraction."
"What do you mean?"
"A reduction in what we provide to the colonies, your majesty."
"Hmm."  Rodolphe rubbed his thin beard and looked at the financial advisor again, "Perhaps we may do one better.  We halt our contributions to the colonies for a short time.  We force them to become more self-sufficient."
"Very good, your majesty," Michault said.
"I am not finished."  The king licked his lips and asked, "Isabea, have we been pleased with output from Cancer of late?"
She shook her head.  "No, your majesty.  The grand colonel complains still of desertions.  She has recently requested an additional contingent of laborers."  There were a few groans.  "And their shipments of minerals and foodstuffs is routinely below marks."
"More than a decade on Cancer and they have failed to establish themselves to our benefit.  How might I claim them a colony of Leo then, hmm?"
A few advisors shook their heads.  One mumbled, "I do not know, your majesty."  
Rodolphe tapped his foot and looked into the crowd.  "General, please," he waved a woman forward, "how many reside upon Cancer?"
"Some two thousand soldiers, your majesty.  Double so in citizens and laborers."
"Six thousand in total."  The king looked away and then clapped his hands once.  "We shall abandon it."
Several advisors shared a look while Isabea stuttered, "Majesty?  Your majesty?"
"To lose six thousand would be a shame, but," he shrugged, "they have done naught for Leo in ages."  Rodolphe looked beyond the highest-ranking officers and advisors toward the various nobles in the audience.  "Who is that?  Vicomte Grange?"
A wiry, middle-aged man stepped out from the crowd and next to the grand purser.  "Yes, your majesty.  Jamet Grange, vicomte of Nanntt."
"Very good.  I have a task for you, Grange."
He took a deep breath, knowing that he would probably not like this.  Still, he bowed low and said, "Anything you ask, your majesty."
"I shall draft a decree naming you, temporarily, the Marchis de Cancre, and you shall travel across deep space to Delta, dangerous though the flight may be."
He was right.  He didn't like this, despite the rare title.  "Of course, your majesty."
"Your vessel will travel, empty, in order to ferry what little cargo they may offer, as well as any among the people who wish to return."
One old man interjected, "With six thousand people, your majesty, a single transport would barely carry a few hundred."
The king ignored him.  "Do you understand me, Grange?"
There was chattering in the audience and several of the senior advisors looked at each other before they turned to look at Jamet.  He nodded slowly and said, "Yes, your majesty, I understand …"
"Good."
"But what of those who remain?  What am I to tell them?"
"You will tell them to continue their efforts.  In time, when Leo is ready to return to Cancer and the Delta system, we hope to find a thriving colony with whom we can trade."
Grange blinked rapidly and stammered, "Y-y-yes, your majesty."
"If you feel that you cannot perform this task, I may ask another."
Jamet could already hear the other comtes and vicomtes champing to curry the king's favor.  "No, your majesty.  I will bear the task."
"Very good.  I hereby name you the Marchis de Cancre."
Grange bowed again and stepped to the side.  He looked back into the audience, wondering if he had left anything at his place.  As he looked, he caught several death-glares from other nobles who were envious that he had been given this unenviable task.
"There, Michault," Rodolphe said.  "Soon, we will be spared any further waste in Helios Delta.  Does that aid in the balancing of our ledgers?"
"I believe it will, your majesty."
"Very good."  The king smiled and looked across the chamber before he asked, "What is next today?"
III
MARCHAND
986 Years After Colonization

The high clouds of Cancer broke across the bow of the silver ship.  Large and bulky, it was a transport with empty holds expecting to take many tons of food and minerals to the Beta System.  Malaury Preu stood on the edge of the landing field with her officers and watched the craft descend.  They turned their heads as dust and debris were kicked up, but after the vents were purged, they walked toward the ship with a line of guards for review.
The hatches opened and workers went about their duties.  A wisp of a man emerged wearing a silver and purple jacket that came below his waist.  His black tights barely concealed long legs that took him quickly from the side of the craft and toward the waiting officers.  After he waved the remaining clouds of dust away, he squinted and looked across the faces of the assembled officers in their dark blue uniforms.  "Who is the colonel?"
She stepped forward.  "I am Grand Colonel Malaury Preu.  Welcome to Hades."
He nodded and scanned the horizon.  "Interesting planet you have.  Lovely yet too, too remote."  The officers didn't answer.  "Do you know what I had to go through to get here?  Days and days of those damnable engines, popping me across space and into the black.  By the time my stomach caught up and settled, we popped away again.  And the misfires," he shook his head.  "The ship quaked and I thought we were dead.  If we had had but one more misfire, we would have been stranded in the gulf where we might only send a signal and hope that someone heard it."
"Yes, sir," Preu said.  "We all experienced the trip here when we were settled."
"Oh, I'm sure."  He removed a scroll from his jacket and handed it to her.  "I am Vicomte Jamet Grange and the king has seen fit to name me Marchis de Cancre."
Without opening the scroll, the colonel said, warily, "I was not aware that the king intended to solidify our post."
"Mine is a temporary title."  He turned and counted the officers and soldiers nearby.  "Shall we walk, colonel?  Just you and I and your most senior staff?"
"Of course.  Majors."  She waved them forward and the group walked away from the landing field and up toward a ridge that overlooked the small town.  The four people were silent until they reached the edge where all of Hades and the glistening peaks of the nearby mountains were visible in one glance.  
"A lovely spot.  Thank you for bringing me here."
"Certainly, marchis."
Grange turned and fiddled with the hem of his jacket.  As he flicked one of the buttons, he began, "I have been tasked with a difficult duty, colonel."
"I see.  Please, carry on."
The marchis sighed and turned again, looking away from the officers.  "The transport I've arrived with stands empty and ready to be filled.  Are you prepared to fill it?"
Preu lowered her head.  "We will not meet our goals, marchis."
"How long have you been grand colonel?"
"Three years now."
"Have you ever met your goals?"
After a long pause, she said, "No."
"And the deserters?  Both soldiers and laborers, yes?"
"Yes.  They are still a difficulty.  We are occasionally even attacked."
"And you've taken no steps to eradicate them?"
"When we might find them, they are killed.  But the world is large and we have so few …"
Jamet interrupted with another sigh and faced Preu.  He didn't look her in the eyes.  "It is for these reasons, colonel, that the king has bestowed upon me this title and directed me to notify you that Cancer is being abandoned by the crown."  The officers were silent and stared at the noble.  "I understand this is a blow."
"It is … devastating, marchis."  The grand colonel looked away for a moment and said, "There are nearly six thousand of us.  Will his majesty be providing transport …"
"Only those who fit aboard my craft shall be returned.  The remainder are tasked with continuing the effort so that a viable colony may rise and greet Leo in friendship when the Empire is prepared to return to Delta."  Jamet looked again toward the small town below.  "Hades was so named because he is the god of prosperity, yes?"
"Yes, marchis."
"And yet, this colony is a failure."
The group was startled by the sound of a single gunshot.  They all leapt to one side and saw the grand colonel's body crumple to the ground and then slowly slide down the wooded slope.  Her pistol lay on the path and a single wisp of smoke spilled from the barrel.
The marchis stared at her leg as it went over the edge and disappeared, then at her sidearm.  After a moment, he looked at the two majors.  "I … Eh, which of you is most senior?"
The officers were stunned and did not speak for a long while.  Finally, one turned her gaze away from the empty space where the colonel had stood and said, "I am most senior.  Major Wallis Marchand."
"Good.  That is good."  Grange licked his lips and walked away from the gun.  "You are now the grand colonel, Marchand."
"I understand, marchis."
"Notify the people of this news and devise some means of selecting passengers for the return voyage."  He started to walk away and the two majors looked at each other, still in bewilderment.
"What are we to do?" Odine Gay asked.
For the first time in a while, Wallis blinked.  "We will begin evacuations."

The large Leonan transport sat alone in the landing field and thousands of people crowded around it.  The marchis was already aboard, as were a few other officers and managers with titles.  Now the rest of the people wanted to leave, too.  The lottery Marchand created had proven useless in the few days' time she had been given.
The main ramp was down, as were the smaller ramps on either side.  Men and women pushed and shoved their way to the sides of the metal beast.  The only sound was the cacophony of screams and pleading.  The holds and corridors of the transport were full with more than seven hundred people.  Hundreds more grabbed onto the metal of the ramps, clinging for their lives and hoping they would be retracted into the vessel when the ship made ready to depart.  Instead, the pilot surprised everyone when he began to lift off without closing all the hatches.
Smoke and steam blew beneath the ship.  A louder, higher-pitched scream went out from the crowd and for the first time in hours, the people backed away.  It wobbled as it took to the air, slowly, and the cargo vessel began to retract its ramps.  People fell off and into the crowd several meters below, but a lucky few fell into the craft when the openings finally closed.  The engines roared and the last hanger-on, clutching one of the landing struts, let go and fell some fifty meters to the ground.  As the Leonan ship tore into the clouds, the thousands left behind stayed in the landing field, staring at the sky.  Marchand and Gay were in a nearby watchtower and both felt nauseous.
IV
FEARNHAM
986 Years After Colonization

Alvena White lowered the page and looked at her wife.  "Well."
Scarlette nodded.  "Indeed."
The woman with short black hair placed it back on the desk and folded her hands, placing them in her lap, and crossed her legs under her long dress.  "What ever shall you do?"
Feranham smirked and leaned back in her chair.  "I had hoped you could help on that account."
"In what manner?"
"What might your father do?"  Alvena's eyebrows raised.  "Were he still executor, what would Sir John's response have been?"
White blinked and looked away.  "You know I often differed with my father on matters relating to the crown."
"Of course."
"In that manner," she looked back at Fearnham with a smile, "you were more like he than his own daughter."  The executor nodded and Alvena continued, "I believe if you trust yourself and consider it fully, the decision you arrive upon will be as though Sir John had concocted it himself."
"I pray you are correct."  Scarlette stood from the desk and White did, too.  They met each other around its side and embraced.  When they separated, Fearnham gave Alvena a kiss on the cheek.
"Stop."  She playfully smacked her wife's arm.  "Not outside the home."
"But you are too delectable to only taste inside the home."  She moved closer and embraced her again.  
White shrank away but smiled.  Quickly, she turned her face and kissed Scarlette's mouth before rotating her way out of Fearnham's clutches and toward the door.  "I will see you this evening, my love."
"Goodbye, love."  She bore a smile as the door opened, but when the door closed with Alvena on the other side, it vanished.  Scarlette slowly returned to her seat and she again lifted the message's page from her desktop.  Each time she re-read it, her frown became more pronounced and her mood more dour.
"Executor, the brigadier is here."
Fearnham raised her head enough to see that her aide, Nyla, was at the door.  "Please, send him in."
Lord Alton Oakes entered, an older man in uniform with bushy eyebrows, a bushy moustache, and a balding head.  "Good day, executor."
"And you, brigadier."  
Oakes stepped to the visitor's chair and sat with a grunt.  "I've just seen your wife in the hall.  She seems well."
"Alvena always fare well, and when she does not, she takes greater pains to ensure that all appears well."
"Mm.  Quite."
"If only I had her gift.  Please, Lord Alton.  Have a read of this missive from home."
"Home, eh?"  He cleared his throat and brought the page to his lap, extending his arms so he could read it more easily.
"His Royal Highness King Edmund the First, LMHR, announces the dispatch of a Royal Assessor to Cancer on or about the ides of Ianuarius, according to the Virgo calendar.  The Royal Assessor shall be tasked with an examination of the Delta Exploratory Company's records and they shall then report their findings unto the King, who, if they are favorable, may rescind the royal charter and extend the protection of the crown to your world as a full colony of the Empire."
The brigadier's eyebrows popped up and he tossed the page back onto the desk.  "I see your dilemma, lord executor."
Scarlette lifted her glass and sipped it.  "Damn myself and my diligence.  Every tribute request has been matched in full during my tenure."
"'Twas the king's orders."  Oakes sipped his wine, too.  "Do not blame yourself for loyalty."
"But that loyalty and diligence may have brought the king's eye to us in a desperate time for the Empire."
Lord Alton nodded.  "If the rumors are true and Virgo's coffers be bare, then the bounty you sent a few months past would have watered their mouths, indeed."  The woman's eyes remained unfocused and he said, "Were the Empire to absorb us, do you not believe the distance of our world would provide a protection from their interference?"
"For a time, perhaps.  Yet the stars move and Delta will no longer be so remote one day.  Or the engines of our vessels will have improved and such a journey would not be so difficult."  She looked down at the message again.  "This is to say nothing of other interferences.  I can imagine the lords and ladies forming a queue in the court, bidding the king name them a duke or duchess over us."
"Quite."
"And what might some noble from Virgo think when they behold what we have wrought here?  'Savages' from other worlds, living in homes alongside, good, godsfearing Virgans.  Villages ruling themselves without intervention or tribute, allowing even the lowliest a vote in all matters.  How quickly might that noble conspire to tear it all asunder?"  Fearnham finished her drink, cleared her throat, and set the glass back on the tabletop.  "Think not that I speak of treason, sir, but I would not welcome such a change."
The brigadier laughed into his glass.  "I have known you since we all arrived on Cancer.  I would not think you treasonous even if you had said, 'Death to the king.'"
Despite the old man's joviality, the executor was not put at ease.  "I love Virgo and the crown, but I love my people and this world all the more."
"Here, here."  He raised his drink in toast and downed the remainder.
"After more than twenty years on Cancer, we have built a fine society unto ourselves."  Scarlette spun an uncut blue jewel on her blotter.  "The charter signed by Queen Edith gave us the autonomy to rule as we saw fit, and we have seen fit to govern ourselves.  I am certain Edmund would not allow such a free hand."  She gave the gem a flick, and while it turned, she looked at Oakes.  "What do you think?"
"I thought Sir John a madman when he decided to free the servants and I was proven wrong.  I thought him mad again when he gave rule over the cities to those elected from among the people and, again, I was proven wrong.  I damn near overthrew him myself when he commanded the military to move to a partial-time schedule to thwart desertions, and yet," he shook his head and laughed.  "I learned then, long ago, that this was a special place and I became content.  Under your governance, I am more so.  I, too, fear that being taken away."
Fearnham finally smiled.  "Then what are we to do?  How do we make the assessor believe Cancer should not be claimed by the crown?"
Alton thought.  "We could burn the ledgers.  The assessor would have nothing to examine."  When he saw Scarlette nodding, he leaned forward and added, "It was only a jest."
"Oh.  It speaks of my desperation that I considered it."  The brigadier laughed again and she said, "We might forge records showing poor profits, but time is too short."
"Less than three weeks."
"Yes.  And the evidence of our many abundant past tributes would be hard to deny."  Silence.  Finally, there came a knock at the door.  "Enter."
"A new message has arrived."
"What fresh woe befalls us next?" she mumbled.  She raised her head and spoke clearly, "Thank you, Nyla."  Fearnham reached her hand toward the short woman.  
She crossed the room to the desk and said, "It just came by Leonan courier."
Oakes and the executor shared a look and she took the sealed envelope from her aide.  Without saying anything, Nyla left the room.
When the door clicked closed, the brigadier said, "A rare thing, that."
"Yes."  She looked at the purple wax seal for a moment and then picked up a small blade from her desk.  She ran it under the wax until bits of it flaked away and the largest portion popped off.  She unfolded the page and saw a single sentence.
"Meet me at the base on the north side of our mountain at noon in two days' time.  WM"
Scarlette lowered the letter and her eyes darted about as she thought.  Finally, she smiled and Lord Alton asked, "So not ill news?"
"No.  It is not."

The small airship moved low to the ground along the northern foothills of the Ereban Mountains.  Fearnham stood in the cockpit, looking down at the ground for the right spot.  After a time, she began to think they had missed it, but then she saw a lone tree with two horses tied to it.  It was near a small spur of the mountains covered with greenery.  She looked to her right and saw a familiar notch and knew they had arrived.
"Land here."
The craft descended and Scarlette left alone.  She walked across the wild grass and saw a soldier standing by the horses under the shade of the tree.  She paused for a second, wondering if she had erred in not bringing her own guard.  Her fear departed when the soldier simply gave her an acknowledging nod.
At the edge of the near forest, a woman in uniform was sitting on a fallen tree and drinking from a cup.  Fearnham moved closer and studied the person, recognizing her immediately.
"Grand Colonel Wallis Marchand?"
The younger woman stood and extended her hand.  "Lord Executor Scarlette Fearnham."
After shaking hands, Scarlette said, "I had not heard of your promotion.  Congratulations."
"It is only a few days old."  She sat again on the log and gestured to the empty space on the other side of a pair of teacups.  "Please.  Have some."
"Thank you."  She sipped the brown liquid and, though it was somewhat cool and lacked milk, she nodded.  "Tell me, grand colonel.  What brings us here again?"
"I think often of our talk in the cave," she nodded her head over her shoulder toward the nearby mountain.
"And that spark within you, does it remain?"
Marchand smiled.  Fearnham found her smile to be somewhat more careworn than before, but the same.  "Dimmed by the years and some personal defeats, yet I believe it does."
"And have you shared it with others?"
"I have tried."
"That is good.  Perhaps, now that you are the colonel, true change may come."
Wallis sighed and looked away.  "I fear that is not likely, at least not for any change I might welcome.  The king has abandoned Cancer to spare the Empire further expense."
Scarlette's eyes widened.  "'Abandoned?'  Entirely?"
"Oil."
"Then why do you remain?"
"The king abandoned our colony to its fate and would only send a single transport to carry a portion of the people."  Sadness ravaged the younger woman and her shoulders fell.  She looked at the ground, "Thousands remain and we have no hope of home.  We have been commanded to continue our efforts to establish ourselves, yet," she shrugged, "our efforts were ill-performed when the crown supported us."
Fearnham felt a need to place her hand on the woman's shoulder, but she sensed it would be too bold.  "I find that we are in a similar, though perhaps opposite, situation."  Marchand looked at her and she continued, "The king has dispatched an assessor to see if perhaps our settlements should be absorbed into the Empire fully and not simply as a … satellite company."
"Because you are doing so well?" the colonel asked.
"Yes."
Wallis looked out from the forest and across the plain.  "You will survive, either way.  Our ranks have deserted and the people do not do their work.  They are, how you say, disillusioned, and the thousands of us abandoned here cannot survive."
"Certainly."  Fearnham straightened and set the tea on the log.  "While we might survive under the direct rule of Virgo, we will not be pleased."  The Leonan faced her.  "It may be the distance between Cancer and Virgo coupled with decades of living in this place, or it may be the independence bred into us by Sir John and myself, but most of my people have no desire to be absorbed by the Empire."
Marchand nodded and looked into the trees.  "Regardless of your rule, whether by crown or company, I fear that our survival may depend upon your charity."
"And I will offer it.  We are Cancerings by choice.  You are Cancerings by necessity.  Regardless, I am happy to aid you however we might."
"Will your people accept us?"
"Will yours?"
The Leonan was quiet and looked at the Virgan intensely.  "In time."
"And I would say likewise of my people and their disposition toward yours."
Wallis tightly gripped the teacup and asked, "And what of this assessor who comes?"
Scarlette sighed.  "I do not know."
"Is it your hope to remain independent?"
The executor nodded.  "It is."
"Then I believe we must devise a plan."
V
BEANE
986 Years After Colonization

The assessor gripped the arms of the seat tightly as the craft shook and descended through the atmosphere.  When the transport leveled he gasped for air and slowly opened his eyes.  The cabin was small and he saw only his aide, Ealthild Eadse, and the two soldiers tasked to escort him.  
Over the quaking of the ship he yelled, "I shall be sore pleased when our task is complete and we might return to Virgo."
"Indeed, Sir Norman," the aide said.  She grinned and said, "Perhaps it would interest you to know that I have performed a calculation …"
The ship jostled again and Beane closed his eyes.  He grunted, "Mm-hmm."
"Should our light engine fail and we are forced to journey back to Virgo under our primary thrusters' power," the assessor opened a single eye and looked askance at her, "it would take some one thousand, four hundred, sixteen years for the return."
He shook his head quickly.  "Stay your tongue, woman.  Give no voice to such evil."
Ealthild lowered her head, "Yes, my lord."
He closed his eyes again when he felt the rumble of landing struts extending from beneath the craft, and again when landing thrusters slowed their descent.  More than a minute later, the transport came to a stop in the landing field outside Mars' City.  Beane sighed and unfastened the straps from around himself.  He stood and removed his case from a cabinet in the wall.
"I have heard that the cuisine on Cancer is a marvel," Eadse said, "for they have many spices which do not naturally occur on Virgo."
"I give little thought to food."  He ran his palm down the front of his shirt to smooth it.  "I simply wish to review the matters prescribed by the king and return."  He walked to the egress and the soldier pulled the latch.
The door slid open and a ramp extended outward and into the dusty field.  He glanced up and saw two long rows of blue-uniformed soldiers and he grinned.  An honor guard for my arrival?  How gratifying.  He stepped out of the vessel and onto the gravel.  A uniformed man and woman approached him and he straightened, puffed out his chest, and said, "I am the Royal Assessor, Sir Norman Beane, my aide, Ealthild Eadse, and we are here at the behest of his royal highness, King Edmund …
"Le maigns en l'air!" the man before them yelled.
Norman blinked and looked at him with a tilted head.  "Pardon me?"  He glanced back at Ealthild and saw the terror on her face.
"Your hands," the officer said with a thick accent, "raise them into the air!"  He was holding a pistol trained on them.
The Virgan soldiers behind the assessor turned and tried to board the transport, but Leonan soldiers were already there and the pair was quickly subdued.  Several more Leonans boarded the craft and soon emerged with the pilot, co-pilot, and two engineers.
Beane's mouth was wide open and he turned in a circle, slowly, and only now realized that the soldiers that lined the landing field were wearing the dark blue of the Leo.  Someone tugged at the case under his arm and it was ripped free.  He looked in shock as the man opened it and rifled through the papers.
"I am Grand Colonel Wallis Marchand," the Leonan officer said with a smile.  "This is Major Odine Gay.  I fear, for you, that you have arrived at an inopportune time, for you."
"'Inopportune?'"
"Yes.  We have, in the last few days, captured Mars' City and utterly destroyed the Virgo."  She turned toward the soldiers and enthusiastically shouted, "Brav' pour Léo!"  
The soldiers raised their rifles and loudly cheered, "Ho, ho, ho!"
Beane began to back up and he stopped only when he bumped into the front of the much taller Eadse.  He started to speak, but only an assortment of noises and stammerings came out.
"Sir Norman, you and your crew are now our prisoners."  She clapped her hands, "Emporté."
Soldiers stepped out of the line and roughly grabbed the Virgans by the arms.  Beane grumbled and looked at Marchand as he was dragged past, "See here, colonel!"
"Yes, perhaps I will see you again."  She clasped her hands behind her back and walked in a different direction with the major.  "Or perhaps not."
They were walked into the city between the buildings that rose high on either side.  White stone, gray stone, and red stone made up most of the structures, including a temple near the city's square where its upper reaches were ringed with statues of the gods.  When he looked down, however, he saw nothing quite so majestic.  Two Virgan vehicles were wrecked in the street; smashed and scorched.  Walls were damaged and debris was strewn about.  The walks in front of a clinic were clogged with moaning people in civilian dress with bandaged arms and heads.  Leonan soldiers patrolled at every corner.  He tried to swallow but found that his mouth went dry.  He was jerked out of one intersection by a guard as a column of Leonan cavalry and vehicles rode past.  They carried several Leo battle standards, square purple and blue flags with golden script upon them marking the unit which bore them.  A distant roar came nearer and seemed to move above.  Beane looked into the blue sky and saw a close formation of three biplanes fly overhead along this main thoroughfare.  Once the sound of their propellers decayed, he and the others were pulled into the large and ornate Delta Exploratory Company building.
Virgan paintings and statuary were piled in a heap at the center of the foyer and Sir Norman looked aghast at the sight.  Leo soldiers walked through carrying volumes of books and papers.  He strained to see what they were, but the prisoners were taken into a dark stairwell.  They descended a full flight and found themselves in a dimly lit stone corridor.  They started to pass empty cells and a panic gripped the assessor.
"No, please."  He struggled.  "There is no need for this."
More annoyed at him than anything else, the Leonan said, "Arestement."  Another guard held open one of the iron gates and both the assessor and his aide were put in one cell.  The Virgan soldiers and crew in another.  Both stood at the bars and watched as the soldiers walked away and out of this basement dungeon.
"Thank the gods you've arrived!"
They turned and saw the edge of a woman's face in the bars of the adjoining cell.  They walked toward her and there was an older woman with a black eye, a bloodied nose, and a split lip.  She appeared exhausted and her clothes were dirtied and wrinkled.  On the small cot in her cell sat an old man in a similar state of disarray, wearing the badges and rank of a general.  
Beane blinked a few times and said, "Lord Executor Scarlette Fearnham?"
She nodded.  "Yes."
"I am the Royal Assessor, Sir Norman Beane, my aide, Ealthild Eadse, and we are here at the behest of his royal highness, King Edmund …"
Fearnham chuckled, "I know why you've come, Sir Norman."
Beane looked out of the cell and into the corridor.  "I don't suppose you have any means by which we might still examine your records?"
Both Ealthild and Scarlette glared at him.  The executor said, "No, Sir Norman.  No means whatsoever."
"A shame."
"Lord executor," Eadse began meekly, "pray tell us what has happened."
She nodded and slid down the bars until she was sitting on the cold, stone floor.  "Nearly a week ago now, the Leo attacked.  At the first, they attempted to secure the mining facilities at Seaton Burn, Stoke, Wigan, and here, north of the city."  She raised her head defiantly, "We denied them their victory."
Beane looked around Fearnham to the man on the cot, "So, brigadier, your soldiers were victorious and turned aside their forces."
He shook his head.  "As well as we might.  In the end, their numbers were the greater."
"But you denied them …"
"We destroyed the mining facilities at all our sites."  Oakes shook his head, "Their aims were then lost."
The assessor felt as though the wind had been knocked from him.  He, too, slowly slumped onto the floor and after a long minute, he softly asked, "Destroyed?  All of them?"
She nodded.  "With their true prize gone, they turned their attentions onto us."
"First the farming villages," the brigadier said.  "Tull, Seaton Lee, Barcote, Odstone-upon-Ribble.  Then, Mars' City."
"There would be no siege as we had no city defenses," Scarlette said, "yet they came prepared for one."
"Did you see the fires?" Oakes asked.
"No," the aide said.  "No fires."
"Good," Scarlette said.  "They've been extinguished."
The brigadier sighed loudly, "I am shamed to say that our force was no match for their numbers."
Fearnham turned and looked at Alton with care.  "Be not ashamed.  Your men and women fought well."  Her voice cracked as she added, "And died well."  All of them went silent and the assessor stared at a crack in the floor.  Scarlette's mouth scrunched up and anger flushed her skin.  She pressed her face against the bars and asked Beane, "How many soldiers did you bring?"
He pointed to the cell on the opposite side.  "Only the two."
"What of vessels in orbit?  Might a signal …"  Sir Norman was shaking his head.  "Only your craft?"
"Only."
The executor looked away and kicked at one of the bars.  "Had we the means to get a message home …"
"What message?" Eadse asked.
"The Lions are not so powerful as their strike may seem."  She gripped one of the bars and pressed her face against it again.  "This attack was devastating, yet it was one of desperation.  I overheard their grand colonel speak and she was not aware that I knew her tongue."
"Indeed?"
"The coffers of their Empire grow heavier with dust than coin.  They are trying, through differing means, to wring additional finances from their colonies.  Cancer among them."
Beane nodded, "And this would be your message?  Why?"
"Because it proves that the Leo are weak!  If the crown would only strike out and force the Lions into a protracted battle on multiple worlds, they would falter at last!"
Now the assessor shook his head.  "I fear …"  He looked over his shoulder and saw the heads of the other Virgans nearby, pressed against their own bars and trying to listen.  Beane slid closer and so did Ealthild.  He almost whispered, "I fear that the situation is little different in Buskirk."
Shocked, Scarlette asked, "How could this be?"
"The cost of solidifying the Empire in two other systems outside our own whilst expanding into a third has proven costly these last decades.  The construction of vessels, the mining and processing of tylium ore, dispatching forces and feeding them," he shook his head.  "Were these colonies merely across the seas of Virgo requiring only ships of wood to reach them, the crown would be wealthy beyond all measure, but these worlds are across the vast, far more dangerous seas of space."  He sighed and continued in a softer volume, "Though your company has shouldered the greater portion of the cost here, the crown has had its share, as well.  These expenditures have been only barely funded by what we've found on all these other worlds.  The silks of Pisces are enjoyed by the king, the nobles, and the merchant class, and the petrol of Gemini is needed on Virgon, but these are the greatest boons to our economy from that system.  The livestock of Capricorn and Taurus and the fish of Pisces, while delicacies all, could scarcely pay for the vessels sent to retrieve them."
"And no gold yet on Sagittarius," the aide added.  "Pisces has revealed some valuable ores and mines of salt, but too few.  The smoking leaf of Sagittarius is profitable, but the industry is still young."
"I had believed that the fields of Sagittarius and Taurus supplement the markets of Virgo?  And now Aries, too."  Fearnham rested her head on the iron and said, haunted, "I do not understand."
"Aries is but an experiment.  The seeds of communities have been planted without the direct oversight of the crown, but they do not yet sprout.  As for Sagittarius and Taurus, as well as Pisces and Capricorn, they do supplement our markets, for the greater portion of Virgo's labor is spent in mining the rare metals for our spacecraft.  Still, the trade in such farmed goods reaps little profit for the Empire."  He hesitated, thinking he shouldn't share more.  He looked about himself in the cell and decided there was little to lose with honesty.  "To fund our expansions, the crown has borrowed excessively from the noble class.  In my chamber, the Empire's debts are stacked high.  There are notes to banks, both royal and not, and the interest," he nearly shivered as he thought of the accounting.  "This is to say nothing of the downturn."
"Downturn?"
Norman nodded and Eadse eagerly explained, "Yes.  There was heavy speculation on the harvest of lumber from our allied cities on Gemini this past year, as it was believed that their many conflicts had subsided.  Yet the forest continues to dwindle and there were not sufficient workers for the culling of those great trees.  Shipments did not meet the demand nor these speculative notes, and many in the merchant class …"
"And nobles," he interjected.
"Have lost their fortunes.  Many among the worker class are without employment as factories and tradesmen have far less supply with which to make product."
"Thus, the very banks in whom the crown had placed its own financial futures are now stumbling.  Some have been forced to close."  The executor closed her eyes as if in pain.  "The Empire is in a dire spot and Cancer was seen to be its saving grace."
"No longer," Fearnham whispered.
"No longer.  Yes.  I suppose not."  The assessor looked away as the sound of a door opening echoed in the corridor.  
They sat quietly for some time and Beane grew hungry.  He was beginning to nod off when he heard the click of a metal lock.
"Unhand me!" Fearnham shouted.
They looked and saw two Leonan soldiers pulling the executor off the floor.  The old brigadier came to her side but he was pushed back onto the cot roughly.  The cell door was closed again and Scarlette was dragged, screaming and tugging, down the corridor.
In shock, Norman and Ealthild watched her go and once an unseen door closed and cut off the noise, Oakes said from his cot, out of breath, "They take her each day at this time."
"Why?" Eadse asked.
"To beat her.  To lord their victory over her."  Alton now reclined on the cot, "When she returns, she will be quiet and she will need her rest."
Terror began to grip the assessor.  Will they take me and beat me?  Once they understand my value as the royal assessor, how could they not?
More footsteps in the corridor.  Then, the cell door opened.
"My gods," he whispered.
The soldiers bent low and placed a pair of bowls on the stone floor.  As Ealthild crawled over to investigate, the soldiers delivered more bowls to the other Virgans incarcerated in the dungeon.
"A porridge of some sort," she said as she lifted a spoon and gray glops fell back into the bowl.
Beane sat up and took the bowl she handed him.  He sniffed it and detected nothing at all.  Then he put the spoon in his mouth.  It was cold and grainy and, after he swallowed, he realized that its absence of flavor seemed to actually draw any tastes at all from his mouth and mind, leaving only an overwhelming blandness.
He shook and halfheartedly raised a second spoon, though he didn't eat it yet.  I should like to have some of these native spices now.

"Sir Norman."
He awakened and saw a host of Leonans outside his cell.  At the center was Fearnham, shackled.  "Yes?"
Marchand waved her hand and the cell door was opened.  "For many hours, the lord executor has argued your case, saying you and your people should be freed."
Sharply, he inhaled and looked toward the now-stirring Ealthild.  "I see."
"I have concurred.  You are to return to your vessel."
He widened his eyes and shared a glance with the aide.  "We are?"
"I would have liked to keep such a new thing as your craft, but I have come to view the situation much as the executor, and so I deem it fit to release you to return to Virgo and speak of all you've seen."
He began to stand and he tried to restrain his joy.  Eadse asked, "Have you no fear that Virgo will return to this world and reclaim what you have taken?"  Norman glared at her.
Wallis smirked.  "I think not.  These cells have ears and I have heard all you've said of the Empire's ills."
He damned himself in his thought but then he recalled their discussion of Leo's woes, too.  A small measure of bravery came to him, so he asked, "And what of your Empire's ills?  The Lions may not send you a force to bolster what you have taken."
"Thus might the Virgans rise up?"  Beane nodded.  She chuckled, "I think it unlikely, yet I will bridge that chasm when it appears."  She stepped aside and the pair left the cell.  
The Virgan soldiers and flight crew were freed from adjacent chambers, and the assessor looked back at the bleary-eyed brigadier on his bunk.  He then looked at Scarlette and felt a great wealth of sorrow.  "Lord executor, we cannot thank you enough."
Tired and still showing the signs of her struggle, Fearnham said, "You needn't thank me, Sir Norman.  I beg you to only convey a message to his majesty."
"Of course."
"Bid the king forget us not, though he must let us go, all the same."  Now she lowered her head and seemed overcome with emotion.
Beane looked toward the soldiers showing them the way out from the dungeon and he kept his gaze on the executor as he left.  When he reached the stairs, however, he bounded up them as quickly as his legs could handle and he departed the Company's building in a hurry. 
Outside in the streets of Mars' City, the pre-dawn light was slowly swelling and it seemed that most of the damage he had seen the previous day had been addressed.  The destroyed vehicles were gone, scorched walls had been painted or cleaned, and there were no patients on the walk outside the clinic.  He saw only Leonan soldiers and a few carts on the road being driven by them, too.
Their walk was brisk in the cool air and they reached the landing field in short order.  The transport had not been moved and soldiers were positioned around it, guarding the vessel from any Virgans who might seek to escape.  The hatch was open and he increased his pace a bit more, but he came to a stop when he heard the grand colonel behind him, unaware that she had followed them.
"Report to your king all you have seen and heard, assessor."  Marchand folded her arms over her chest.  "And do not return."
"Yes, colonel.  Yes."  He darted into the cabin and sat in his seat quickly.  Eadse did the same while the soldiers and crew sealed the ship and went about their work.  The pre-flight checks and startup took an excruciating amount of time, but then the ship rocked and he closed his eyes.  "Thank you, oh Lords of Kobol."
The aide asked, "Do you believe the crown will attempt a return?"
"I do not see how.  With the mining settlements destroyed, returning would be as expensive as if we were starting anew, to say nothing of the cost of fighting the Leo for it across so great a distance."  The ship shook when they passed through a bank of clouds and his eyes slammed shut, opening slowly a few seconds later.  "Perhaps in a century or more.  Perhaps.  In that time, Cancer may grow into a world of its own."
VI
MARCHAND
Unknown Years Before Activation

The lord executor and brigadier, still wearing the makeup which made them appear beaten, walked up to the landing field next to the major and colonel.  Wallis looked down the line and the other three's heads were cocked back, their eyes following the transport as it tore into the clouds.
"I believe it worked," Odine said.
Fearnham nodded.  "It did, though," she looked at Oakes, "I fear our choice may have doomed the Empire."
This is familiar, Marchand thought.
Alton put his arm around her shoulders and gave her a fatherly hug.  "If the Empire be doomed, my dear, your part was but a small one."
Gay looked at Wallis and asked, "What now, colonel?"
She paused.  In the silence, the two Virgans turned and waited for her to speak.  She felt their stares as oppressively as if they were sitting atop her chest.  She thought back, What did I say that morning?, and she asked, unsure of herself, "We begin our future?"
The others were satisfied but Marchand was confused.  This is a memory, yet it is not.  The four of them turned away from the empty landing field and found themselves in the conference room of the Company's building.  
She was standing on her side of the table with Odine to her left, Oakes and Fearnham were seated along another side of the table to her right, and across from her at the third side of the table were two representatives of freed servants.  The executor's aide, Nyla, had acted as negotiator with the leader of the escaped Leonan laborers, Reva.  They sat and looked on the Leonan colonel with a smile.
And why not? she thought.  He has seen me grovel before him and beg forgiveness for the actions of my predecessors.  He has seen our offers of contrition and how we will assuage the wounds we gave their people for a decade, or decades if I were to count their theft from their homeworlds.  And yet he also knows that we ourselves cannot do it.  She glanced toward Scarlette briefly, We rely on the Virgans for our own shortcomings. 
She said aloud, "On behalf of my people, those who remain and call this world our home, we humbly apologize."
With prompting from Nyla, Reva stood and bowed his head.  He spoke in a heavily accented Virgan voice, "We accept."
"This is important," Fearnham said.
Gay looked up at Wallis and added, "Do you see it?"
Marchand froze, realizing again that this was not a memory.  They did not say these things.  
Fearnham stood and the colonel sat.  "This is the final agreement and it is a testament to all of us and our hard work."  Scarlette looked toward Marchand to see if she would join in, but she appeared withdrawn and stared blankly at the papers.  "All vestiges of Virgan and Leonan ownership shall be stricken.  The Delta Exploratory Company will continue, but the governance of Cancer will now be separate from it.  All the people from all the worlds in these systems, former soldiers, former servants, and others, shall join together in peace to better each other."  Several heads around the table nodded.  "All the cities of Cancer shall have a body elected from their people to rule them and representatives who will be sent to Mars' City on occasion to participate in the governance of this world at our Acropolis.  There, a council of myself, Colonel Marchand, Nyla Acar, and Reva Okoth will attend those meetings and make final decisions for the betterment of our world.  Lord Alton and Major Gay shall reform our militaries into a single body for the defense of Cancer and its people."  Nearly everyone at the table nodded and smiled, but Wallis was confused.  "There remains before us the question of succession and seniority in our leadership, but we shall leave that to the Acropolis to decide.  Until then," she stood and nodded toward the others, "let us sign."  She leaned forward and signed the page before her.  She pushed it to Nyla on her right and then looked left at Wallis. 
She took the page and recalled the feeling of the parchment beneath her fingers and the weight of the cool metal pen.  She paused and looked at the blank space beneath the text.
"You were hesitant," the major said, "and that was understandable."
Now embracing the surrealness of the situation, she responded, "It feels like a betrayal, though we ourselves were betrayed by the crown."  Scarlette pulled her chair around the table and sat next to her.  Wallis looked at the older woman without making eye contact and said, "I fear that we are too beholden to you."
"'We?'  There is only 'us' now.  We are no longer Virgan or Leo."
"I feel as though I am become Lord Chadwick.  A savage in my naïveté.  Dependent on the charity of others, as he was among the Gnarglings."
"Do not forget that Lord Chadwick's adventures were a fiction.  The book was a satire."
Wallis sighed and said, "In satire, there is truth.  Truth was spoken throughout that book and I was often pained upon my realizations."  She looked away and muttered, "Can we bring something of Gnarg here to Cancer?"
Fearnham grinned and said, "I do not know if the model of the Gnarglings might function on the scale of whole cities and planets, yet we will follow the point of the book and allow the people to govern themselves."
Marchand turned and shook her counterpart's hand.  "So say we all."  She paused and looked around herself.  "Another memory.  What is this?  Why am I reliving the past and yet not?"
The room faded into blackness.  Gay and Fearnham remained, flanking her on either side.  "This was a momentous event," the major said.  "For the first time in nearly a millennium, your people chose to honor free will."
Wallis' eyes narrowed, "What do you mean?"
"Democracy," Scarlette said.  "Certainly, it was flawed and grew more flawed with time, but this effort, at this point in history for these worlds?  And freeing servants taken in violence from other worlds?" she shook her head.  "Remarkable."
"To me, at the time," the grand colonel stood and walked through the darkness toward a window that slowly appeared, "it felt like surrender."
"That is not so."  The executor joined her by the window and looked out into Mars' City.  "You were simply frightened of an uncertain future.  Frightened of the world you were about to create."
"With good reason," a voice said from the depths of the void around them.
"The dangers and troubles that came later," Fearnham shook her head, "you could not foresee.  The pitfalls of unregulated greed would nearly swallow what you had built, but it survived."
"And I could not have prevented this?"
The being in the form of Scarlette shrugged, "You could have, but it would been unlikely.  Nearly impossible."  Marchand seemed pained and the executor put her hand on her shoulder.  "Fret not.  Do not let the perspectives of those in the future diminish your accomplishments in the past.  They were truly amazing."
Wallis seemed unsatisfied.  "How might we fight greed?"
Fearnham laughed.  "You cannot.  You're human."
VII
MAUGIER
1,474 Years After Colonization

Shaft Nineteen was only about two meters tall and four meters wide.  Two people worked in each section of the new shaft at a time until an assessment could be made of what ores, if any, were available.  Lights were strung along the ceiling and an iron cart sat on a single track, ready to be pushed or pulled back up to the surface with whatever the first miners found.  This pair of compeers worked the stony walls at the end of the lights.  Nearby, there stood the wall that marked the end of the tunnel, but something else remained beneath the mountain, beyond the wall.  There was a crack in it, about five centimeters wide and two meters long.  A vast, dark chasm was on the other side, but management didn't want to break through into an unknown area of the mountain without knowing what was in the shaft that got them there first.  The Company was nothing if not practical.
Rutwa stood at the end of the tunnel under the last of the lamps.  He held his pickaxe against the rock wall and listened.  His stained helmet sat cockeyed on his head and sweat-streaked grime coated his face.  He tensed his muscles and prepared to rear back for another strike when he heard the groan of stone again. 
He looked up and the brown-gray ledge of rock jutted toward him.  He stumbled away from the wall and it seemed like it all buckled and began to close in.  Rivulets of dust drifted to the ground in the faint light.
"Did you see that?!" he yelled.
His partner, Cat Dalee, looked back from her position about five meters away.  "What?"
"The wall!"  He raised his pickaxe and pointed.  "It's gonna collapse!"
The older woman walked toward him and ran her fingers along the damp, cool surface.  "Looks fine to me."  She pointed up at the strand of lamps.  "We still got light.  The lines are still bolted into the rock."  She bent over and tugged on the fabric of this work overalls.  "Get up."
It took another second or two, but Maugier did.  She slapped him on the back once, sending a spray of dust into the air.  She turned the warm flame on her head lamp away and went back to her place along the wall.  
"We just need a few more pieces to take up for the washers and burners."  She hammered the wall a few times until a dull gray and blue rock fell.  "Come on, Ru.  We don't have much time left in the day."
He nodded and stepped back toward the wall, his boots squishing in the muck with an unpleasant noise.  He raked his fingers along the rock again and found the edge of the vein.  A cool breeze blew from his right and he looked.  The crack in the wall at the end of the tunnel began to grow.
His eyes widened and the lights went out.
Maugier had been in the blackness of a mine before.  That alone was not enough to instill panic.  But a cold air crept along the floor.  Its talons reached up under the cuffs of his muddy pantlegs and gripped his shins.  It climbed outside his overalls and up his sleeves and around his neck where it squeezed and began to choke him.  Wind blew from the crevice like a single, distant breath and it sounded as though the very breeze had a larynx to modulate the whispers of the draft.
"Come to us."
What few parts of his skin hadn't been chilled by the gust or the creeping cold were now touched and his hairs were all standing on end.  He leaned onto the rock wall to steady himself in the darkness.  His breathing quickened and his chest ached with each draw.  Silence fell and the atmosphere felt heavier.  Echoing in the chasm on the other side of the crack, he heard skittering, clambering things.  The echoes threw him, but soon he recognized the sound of fingers and fingernails on solid rock.  The digging of feet into damp clay.  There were many and they drew near.  
He slammed his eyes shut as hard as he could and he curled into a ball against the side of the shaft, kneeling on the floor.  The echoes died as the things came closer.  Nails scraped on stone and they entered the shaft.  He felt his pickaxe jostle and a tug on his clothes.  In terror, he grunted as he focused all his will on keeping his mouth shut.  He felt a light breath on his ear lobe and then he heard a whisper, "Come to us."
He opened his eyes.
The shaft was dark, but he beheld a multitude of glowing eyes.  Shattered, broken orbs that glowed white, yellow, and red.  They hung from the walls and ceiling, they came from the floor of the shaft and stretched into the black abyss of the chasm beyond.  They turned as the heads of the horde faced him.  They shone brighter when the specters moved toward him and the dark void belched forth with a green flame.
"Ru!"  Now lying on his back and holding onto his pickaxe for dear life, he quaked and stared up at Dalee.  "What the frak is the matter with you?!"
Panting and shaking, Maugier began to sit up.  "The …" he looked around in the dull glow and swallowed hard, "the lights went out."
"They just flickered a second.  Switchin' generators or somethin'."  With the wooden end of her axe, she tapped the top of his metal helmet.  "'sides, your lamp's still burnin'."
He reached up and felt the searing heat from the flame of his helmet lantern, jerking his hand away.  But I just saw black.  Pitch black.  And the eyes …
She put her hand on his shoulder and said, "You ready to leave?"  He nodded rapidly.  "Alright.  Start pushing the truck.  I'm right behind you."
After two deep breaths, he tossed his pick into the metal cart, which was little more than half full with samples of ore from their section.  He immediately felt guilty knowing that it should be completely full and that his episodes had led to their dereliction.
Cat managed to pry away three more good-sized chunks from the wall and throw them inside before he built up the momentum to get the cart moving.  "That'll do."  She braced her shoulder against one side and began to push it.
"It's not full.  That's on me."
"Eh."  She huffed and puffed as the track inclined and they were going uphill.  "If anyone asks, I'll tell 'em we found some prime pieces and that we didn't need a full cart to see what we had."  He smiled, grateful for her kindness.  
A minute later, the cart entered the previous section of the shaft and they met up with the next pair of compeers.  They were still chiseling at the wall when Dalee began to chat with them.  Rutwa tried to listen, but his attention kept drifting back down, toward the crevice and the chasm.
A whistle blew from the mouth of the shaft, many meters away.  The shift was over.  Once their cart was linked up with the next cart, the four of them pushed onward to the next section and the next pair of miners.  Soon, theirs was a full-blown train and the carts emerged from the newest shaft under Garvald Mountain in the glare of the mid-afternoon.  A group of sorters emptied them and a crew of children pulled the contents toward the large sluice channels to wash away the dirt.
As a burner crew lit their fires for the initial processing and identification, Maugier stood and watched.  His eyes glazed over and did not blink.  Dalee saw this and she stared at him in worry.  After a moment, she walked toward him and punched his arm.  "Ru."
Slowly, he faced her.  "Yeah?"
"What is it?"
He shook his head.  "I don't know what you mean."
She angrily huffed.  "Look here.  If you're in the hole with someone, both of them need to be good.  Both of them need to be awake.  Both of them need to be on the stick."
Ashamed, he lowered his head.  "I know."
"Now, are you my compeer or not?"
"I am."
She took a step closer and asked softly, "Are you holesick?" 
"No, no."
"You sure?  I seen holesick and today, you were lookin' holesick."
"No."  He raised his chin and stared at her firmly.  "I'm good."
Unconvinced, she watched him.  Finally, she backed away and nodded.  "Alright.  We got tomorrow off, so rest."
He smiled.  "I will."
"Hug your wife and kiss your babies for me."
"I will."  He watched Cat walk away and he stood there in the loading zone for a few more minutes.  His eyes drifted to the mouth of Shaft Nineteen and he tried to peer into the darkness.
After a quick, cold shower in the communal area outside the mines, Rutwa dressed and walked to the foreman's office.  The line of miners from the first shift was long but it moved briskly.  Soon, he found himself at the tables where workers were distributing the week's pay to everyone.  When he found himself before an older man, he said his name.
The man only had one arm.  He turned the pages in a ledger with his right hand while Maugier stared at what remained of his left.  He looked at the man's rugged face and knew he was once a miner.  He took a paper job only after some accident. 
"Here you go."  The man slid an envelope over the tabletop.
Unlike the others who opened it only after they walked away, Rutwa looked inside immediately.  There he saw slips of colored paper.  He sighed and said, "Scrip again."  The man nodded, knowingly.  "You know how long it's been since I've seen a single artha?"
"You ain't alone."  The man's tone told Maugier it wasn't worth arguing about here or with him.  He just nodded and ambled off.  
A kilometer distant from the loud sounds of the machinery that broke apart the rock and the tall plumes of smoke from the burners and incinerators, away from the busy tracks and roads that carried tons of ore away from the mountains, row after row of Company-built houses lined the streets and formed a neighborhood.  The homes were all the same and what little personality they conveyed came only because someone dared to spend hard-earned money or store credit to paint their exteriors.  They were pressed against each other with a body's breadth of space between them and they all had bare dirt for their small front and back yards.
Rutwa's was the third one on the left on the third street away from the main road.  He walked through his front door and saw his son sitting on the floor playing with a simple wooden vehicle.
"Daddy!"  The three-year-old jumped up and immediately attached himself to the father's leg.
"Rexxy."  He leaned down and hugged the boy tightly.  "How are you?"
"Good.  Are you tired today?"
Maugier smiled and brushed the child's hair away from his face.  "I am, but we can play in a bit.  I promise."
"Thank you, Daddy."  He hugged his father again and immediately flopped down where he pushed his wooden toy over the bumpy ridges of the floor's planks.
Rutwa stood and walked into the kitchen.  He didn't see his wife, so he turned into the bedroom.  There he saw blankets and pillows forming a bank on one side of the mattress.  An infant kicked her legs and stretched her arms within the makeshift corral.  
He grinned and sat on the edge of the bed.  He leaned over and the girl's chubby face beamed.  He scooped her up and hugged her tightly against his chest.  His large fingers cradled the child's head.
"You're home."  His wife inhaled sharply and sat up from her nap.  "What time is it?"
"Not late."  He bounced his arms and cooed at Anes.  She giggled in reply.
"You get paid?"  He sighed and she knew what that meant.  "Scrip again?"
"Yeah."
"Frak."  She kicked the sheet off her legs and stood up from the bed.  "Can't save scrip.  Can't buy your way out of here with it."
"I know."
"Sesseville gave you money, at least."  Elfi brushed her brown hair with her fingers and pulled it back behind her head. 
"There's talk that Garvald may pay out.  If the Company makes money, maybe they'll pay money."
She grunted.  "'Maybe.'"  She flattened a few wrinkles in her dress and walked toward the door.  "Can you watch Anes and Rex?  I meant to start supper an hour ago."
"Yeah."  
When Elfi left the room, Rutwa put the infant back on the bed, slightly propped up against one of the pillows.  He tickled her and made noises as he played with her.  Anes laughed and then she gurgled a stream of spittle and vomit from her lips.
"Ooh."  He reached across the bed for a towel and used it to wipe her mouth, chin, and the front of her shirt.  The child seemed unfazed and continued to stretch her arms and make happy noises.
When he finished cleaning her, he smiled and saw something on her eye.  It was a single line that came down across the white from under the eyelid.  He stared at it and the line extended in two directions.  One arm bisected the iris and the other reached toward the girl's nose, where it met another line.  His mouth fell open and he watched her eye shatter and crack before it began to glow.  With a pulsing yellow light, the baby's eyes became like that of the horde and she laughed at the funny face he made.
VIII
GANIKA
1,474 Years After Colonization

With his hands in his pockets, he slowly walked along the display cabinets on the right side of the foyer.  He saw the ancient Virgan blue banner and a genuine copy of the Royal Charter signed by Queen Edith five hundred years ago.  There were polished stones, museum-ready tools, and sketches.  A poster inviting people to work in "Mars' City."  He grinned, not having heard the old name for Mangala in many years.  
Barret turned and looked at the ceiling and far walls.  He had been in the Lothian administration building only once, many years ago.  He walked across the wooden floor to the display cases on the other side when the receptionist finally took notice and stood.
"Can I help you?"
The accent was unmistakable and one side of his mouth turned up.  "Don't think so," he said with disinterest.  He got as close as he could to glass before the brim of his hat stopped his advance.
"You can't be in here."
Without looking at her, he said, "Why not?"
The woman walked out from behind the counter and scanned him up and down.  "This place isn't for workers."  With her palms down, she flicked her fingers toward the door.  "Get."
Finally, Ganika faced her and grinned.  "I'm, uh, not the help."
She looked at his attire again.  "In those clothes?"
"Yeah?"
"You're cleaner than most, but …"
"I'm here for a meeting with Otger Milton."
She chuckled.  "Mm-hmm."
"No, really.  I am."  He removed his hat and held it by his side.
She folded her arms over her chest.  "He's getting ready for a meeting at ten."
"I know.  That's why I'm here."
She blinked and asked, "Who are you?"
"Under-Manager Barret Ganika."  Her eyes widened and her skin flushed.  "Delta Exploratory Company."
With some hesitation, she backed away and then dashed for the desk behind the counter.  "Yes, sir.  Mr. Ganika …"  He put the hat back on his head and walked toward the tall, dark wood reception desk.  He propped his arm up on it and looked down at the page she ran her fingers across.  "I see your name."  When she looked up, she was out of breath.  "Why didn't you say so when you came in?"
He shrugged.  "When I came in, it wasn't ten yet."  He pointed to the display cases.  "I wanted to look around."
She nodded and said, "Follow me, Mr. Ganika.  I'll take you to him."
"Obliged."  She walked with purpose and speed, and after going up two flights of stairs, she stood silently by and showed him the closed doors of the main conference room.  She kept her head low and quickly ducked away once he was inside.
A group of men and women seated at a long table gave him the same cursory assessment that the receptionist had.  With no lack of disdain, the older man with thick, curled hair at the head of the table asked, "May we help you?"
He removed his hat and said, "Under-Manager Barret Ganika, looking for Mr. Otger Milton."
He jumped out of his chair.  "Well!"  He walked toward him with a hand extended.  As Ganika shook it, Otger said, "It is a pleasure."
"Likewise."
"This is the local board," he turned and gestured at the now-smiling faces, "and we would like to welcome you to Lothian."
"'Back.'"
Milton did a double take.  "I'm sorry?"
"'Back to Lothian.'"  Barret pulled a chair out from the table and sat down.  As he pushed his hat across the shining surface, he said, "I cut my teeth in a hole here almost twenty years past."
"I see."  Otger went to his chair and sat.  "The over-manager said she was sending someone with 'special' qualifications, but I did not know what that entailed."
The under-manager leaned back in the chair and clasped his hands in his lap.  "Some in Mangala think that havin' people in management who used to be workers is beneficial."  He looked across their faces and noted their bemusement.  "Helps everyone make better decisions and such."
"Perhaps," a woman said.
Ganika couldn't help but smile.  "At any rate, Mr. Milton.  I am here at your behest."
"What were you told about your stay with us?"
"Just that I was to give a preliminary evaluation of your proposal, whatever it is, and that I was to assist you in this current, stressful time."
"Correct."  He leaned onto the table and spoke with a dour expression.  "The expenses of doing business in Lothian are growing when our revenues and resource gathering have not."
"Mm-hmm.  I know you've got new mountains and shafts since I was here last.  I'd like to see some specs."
"Tanney can get you whatever files you need," Otger gestured to a white-haired woman who nodded once in return.
"Obliged."
"Now, Mr. Ganika," Lothian's manager asked, "what are your duties here?  What powers have you been given by DECo?"
Barret smiled.  He found that all of the upper-class types loved to use the acronym, whereas everyone else just said, "The Company."  "I am here strictly in an advisory capacity and I am to report back to Mangala all that I see."
"That is all?"
"That is all."
Milton nodded and visibly relaxed.  "Very good.  Well, I will brief you on the Peaks Project when it is ready, but let us first go over tomorrow's directives."

Barret walked the narrow streets in the dark.  He had left the Company building with its quality wood and incense, so now his nose was filled with the smell of dirt.  The smell of metal.  Soot.  He grinned a little and shook his head.  Home.
Instinctively, he turned left down a path toward the sound of music, but when he looked up, the building he expected to see wasn't there.  Instead, he saw two scantily clad women on the front walkway and a bare-chested man leaning out of a window above.
"You can have a discount," he called out.
Ganika smiled and tipped his hat.  "Thank you, but no."  He closed one eye and turned in a circle.  An old man was walking nearby and he raised his finger, "Excuse me.  Where's Lilly's?"  The man grunted and pointed back to the main thoroughfare.  He looked at the brothel for a moment and then walked back the way he came.  He followed the man and saw him cross over the street and walk into a different road.  I shoulda gone right.  As expected, the old man entered the bar while Ganika stood in the dirt and looked up at the weathered sign.  He sighed and then walked onto the wooden walkway and inside.
The place was as dim as he recalled.  Yellow and orange light came from large lanterns strategically placed around the room and there were more than a couple that were out.  The bar began at the rear wall and created a "U" shape, embracing customers as soon as they entered.  A young man on the left side of the "U" was trying to fill a shot glass while two filthy, inebriated men argued on their stools.  Laughing and talking constituted much of the noise, but someone gently strummed a guitar in the near corner.  Fumarella smoke drifted up from several lit cigarettes and pipes and added to the wispy cloud that clung to the ceiling.  Barrett squinted to look at the back of the room and there he saw Liliola.  
She was old when he was a miner.  She was even older when he left Lothian.  And here she was still.  Thinning, gray-brown hair.  Her face was creased and tanned like old leather.  The thick folds of her eyes barely revealed the darkness of her irises and her thin but wide mouth smiled only at each distant corner.
Ganika grinned at seeing her and he crossed the room.  Men and women, dirty still from the previous shift's work, watched the man in his clean clothes go past.  When he reached the back of the bar, he pulled on the seat of the stool only to find that the old stools had been replaced.  These were far nicer and affixed to the floor.
"What'll you have?" she asked in her trademark gravel voice.
Again, Barret smiled.  "Old Cacus.  Double."  He placed his hat on the counter.
She nodded and reached under the bar for a larger glass.  She put it on the table and began to pour.  As she did, he glanced around the room and saw that half of the clientele were staring at him.  "There you are."
"Obliged."  He brought the glass to his lips and took a big sip.  The bite was there and he winced as it went down.  He gasped and said, "Just like I remember, Lilly.  Something special about your liquor."
She nodded while she wiped glasses clean.  "It's the mountain.  Flavors everything."
He chuckled.  "I'm sure it does."
"As I live and breathe.  Barret Ganika."
He knew the voice.  He didn't have to turn, but he did.  He saw the thin man standing behind him, his clothes as worn as his boots, his hands and forearms far darker than his face.  His hairline had retreated a bit since Barret saw him last, but he was basically the same.
"Cooper Reddy."
He walked to the bar, tossed his cap on the counter, and sidled onto a stool with one separating him and Ganika.  Leaning on the wood top, he stared and grinned at the visitor.  "What are you doing in here?  This here's a workin' man's bar."
Barret smirked.  The cadence of Cooper's voice, his accent, the peculiar emphasis he placed on words … it all stirred memories in the recesses of his mind.  "A man can work without going in the hole."
"Oh, that's true, I s'ppose.  And what's that you got there?  That's not ambrosia, is it?"
"Never developed a taste for it."
"I'm sure."  Reddy looked at Liliola and said, "I'll have what he's havin'."  She came closer and put the glass on the bar.  As she poured, Cooper rapped his knuckles on the wood.  "Barret and I, we dug shine together."
"Mm-hm," she said.  "I recall."
Ganika's eyebrows raised.  "You remember me, Lilly?"  She nodded.  "Well, I am touched."
"You ever dig shine, Lilly?" Reddy asked.
She shook her head and finished pouring the bourbon.  "Coal."
"Oh yeah.  You got that wheeze like a coalman."  As if to punctuate the statement, she chuckled and then coughed as she went back to wiping glasses.  Still seated sideways, facing his old co-worker, Cooper drank half of the bourbon at once and said, "You see, the coalman's got his cough.  Shineman's got the shakes.  You ever get the shakes, Barret?"
He had been leaning onto the counter with his elbows, facing Lilly and the rear wall.  He didn't look at Reddy.  He sipped his drink and shook his head.  "Never did."
"You got out early enough, huh?"
"Mayhaps be."
Cooper laughed and drank the rest.  "'Mayhaps be.'  Yeah, shine diggin' ain't easy.  You go deep.  Deep in the cold rock."  He glared at Barret and continued, "So cold you'd hold your helmet between your knees so you could warm your hands by the oil fire."
"I remember."
"Got the carbide now.  Brighter.  Lasts longer."  He pushed the glass toward Lilly and said, "Another one, please, Liliola."  As she complied, he faced Ganika again, "Warms you up a mite better, too."
"Is that a fact?"
"It is.  Still gets cold in the hole."  Reddy picked up the refilled glass and sipped it now.  "Gotta have a good light on your head.  Used to be, we had crankers workin' the power, and the light flickered all the time.  You couldn't trust it.  Had to have that helmet light.  Lookin' for a shine in that rock.  Nickel, tin, zinc.  Silver gets you a bonus.  Green gets you a day off.  Well, it used to."
"I fought to bring the copper bonus back."  Barret put his empty glass on the counter.
"Oh yeah?"  Cooper's feigned interest and sincerity brought another grin to Ganika's face.  "Just know that us dhoolies appreciate your efforts on our behalf."
Angered, Barret raised his finger toward Reddy and he glared over it.  "Here.  I never said that and I don't tolerate those that do."
Surrendering, Cooper lifted both of his hands, palms outward.  "My apologies.  I went too far."  When Ganika nodded and turned back on his stool, Reddy relaxed again and sipped his bourbon.  He looked at the tall man, up and down, and Barret could sense it.  Finally, the silence was broken when Cooper asked, "Do you remember the cave-in that killed Old Charley?"
He scoffed.  "I wasn't hit in the head.  Yeah.  I remember.  Every night when I douse the lights, …"
"It's like you're back in the hole, just for a second."
Ganika nodded, "Yep."
"The look on her face, stickin' out from under the rock.  Old Charley, just surprised at how it ended."
"It was a blessing when the oil lamps ran dry."
"Mm."  Reddy sipped more of his drink.  "It was cold, though."
The joviality of Cooper's speech was lost and it reflected in Barret's mood and response.  "It was."
As quick as the gloom had settled on them, it dissipated.  Reddy drank the rest of his bourbon and straightened.  "The Company didn't even give us a day off after we were pulled out."
"What'd you expect?" Ganika smirked.  "'You're lucky I don't report you for layin' about on the job.'"
Cooper laughed.  "Foreman Houde.  Shit.  You do remember."
Barret rotated his seat and leaned on the counter the same way Reddy leaned, too.  "Why do you think I would forget?  It hasn't been that long."
"Well, Barret, it's been a good twenty years since you went in a hole," Cooper grinned, "and you're in here, lookin' like Johnny Newcome with your clean pants and boots that ain't touched dirt 'til you got to town today."  Ganika looked down at himself and the older man continued, "Legcuffs don't have a muck line.  Shirt's pressed and never soaked a drop of sweat.  Your fingers are clean.  Your hair's free of grit.  And this," with an angry flick, Reddy raised the wide brim of Ganika's hat, "makes you look like a godsdamned prabho on the slaghill, lookin' down on all of us."
Without raising his voice, Barret leaned closer and spoke firmly.  "I wear these clothes because I like these clothes.  I wore them in the hole and out."
"What about the hat?"
"I like the hat.  I look good in the hat."
Cooper laughed.  "I'm sure you do, Barret."  
"And as much as my twenty-year-old self would've hated it, I am a prabho now."
"Mmm," Reddy grunted and shook his head once.  "There we come to it, Barret.  You are.  You ain't what you were, and yet you're here, dressed in our clothes, in our bar, but you're takin' their orders."  He paused and when Ganika didn't respond, he asked, "Why are you here?"
"Not because I wanna be, Coop.  I was sent here."
"So even bein' in Lothian is a job now?"
Barret chuckled.  "Yes.  It absolutely is.  There's no reason I'd wanna come back."
Reddy inhaled sharply as though he were offended.  "Because you think you're too good for us."
"No.  You know that's not true."
"Because the Company waved money in your face?  Gave you a job out the hole?"
Now Ganika laughed loudly.  Cooper seemed surprised by this and Barret said, "How full of shit are you?  How many times did we talk about getting out back then?  Are you telling me that you wouldn't get out of the hole and become a prabho if the Company gave you enough money?"
The chattering in the room slowed until it went silent.  Reddy stood up and braced his hands against the edge of the bar.  "Barret, because of our managerial-employee relationship, and because we dug shine together, I shall forgive your slight."
"I'm obliged."  Ganika stood and pulled a large coin from his pocket.  "Take care, Lilly."  He tossed it onto the bar and she scooped it up.  She stared at the silver coin and smiled.  Barret picked up his hat and placed it firmly on his head.  He gripped the brim and adjusted it as he leaned toward Reddy.  He whispered, "You know I'm right."
Cooper said nothing.
Ganika nodded and strode out of the bar.  As the door closed behind him, he could hear the conversations resume.

"Workers of the Delta Exploratory Company!" Milton said into the microphone.  "Lothian residents, hear me!"  The local board stood behind their manager.  Ganika was careful; he stayed as near the stairs as he could.
Hundreds of miners and other workers gathered in the workers' meeting hall at foot of Garvald Mountain.  Some were on their way to the mines and the rest were on their way out.  A few families from the nearby neighborhoods crowded behind the employees and listened just outside the open doors.
Otger leaned toward the rusted device and said, "I am here to announce the full committing of labor to Shaft Nineteen in Garvald!"  The board members applauded but none in the audience did.  "I am also announcing that we will expand our presence in Blackhope Mountain!"
The miners talked among themselves and many of the Lothian residents who had wandered by simply wandered out and away.  Barret chuckled to himself and looked at the manager who now took a deep breath before the bad news.
"Despite these advancements here in Lothian, we will be reducing shifts in all shafts, mines, and processing plants by an additional day per week."  The workers groaned loudly.  "All shifts will be extended by two hours to compensate and there may be overlaps.  Additional instructions, and, uh, restrictions, will be detailed to your over-foremen.  Be aware of those and be forewarned.  DECo will not tolerate any violations."  Now there was yelling.  The uniformed Company police glanced at each other and squared their shoulders.  "That is all."  Milton picked up his papers and jammed them into the blue vest under his coat.  He darted toward the stairs with the local board right behind him.  Ganika, meanwhile, continued to survey the crowd and his eyes came to a stop on the face of Cooper Reddy.  The wiry man smirked in a self-satisfied way and Barret tipped his hat toward him before leaving the platform, too.
IX
MAUGIER
1,474 Years After Colonization

If his axe or hammer wasn't in mid-swing, Rutwa kept his eyes on the crack.
Since he had been assigned to Shaft Nineteen, he felt a sense of dread all around him.  His nights and days blended together more than usual for a shift miner.  His playtime with the children brought him less and less joy.  He gave Elfi only the most perfunctory kisses a couple of times a day.  He spent his hours at home in a kind of walking sleep, and when he lay his head on the pillow, he got none.
In the hole, however, he was on guard.  
He heard no whispers.  He felt no chill but what the cold rock gave off.  He stared into the chasm beyond the crevice and anticipated dark beckonings, but heard none.  The glowing eyes of the horde did not come for him in the dark.  Still, he was vigilant.
Maugier picked up the latest piece of ore he had dislodged and brought it to the edge of the cart.  It was nearly full and their shift wasn't yet half over.  Cat was swinging her hammer like mad, tearing out smaller pieces from the wall and kicking them toward the cart.  
His skin tingled with electricity and his fingers felt numb.  He was aware enough to know that he held his pickaxe and that the wall was his target.  He glanced at the crack to his right, saw nothing, and then swung for the ore in front of him.  He swung again.  The reverberations through the axe handle and into his body seemed to quake his very mind.  With each wave, his vision wobbled and skull echoed.  
"Come to us," Cat called.
Rutwa's eyes widened he faced her slowly.  "What?"
"Come here," she said.  "Big one came out and I can't lift it."
Maugier walked away from his side and over the center track.  When he turned the corner near Dalee, he saw the huge chunk of metal-streaked rock and nodded.  "OK."
He set the head of his pickaxe on the ground and leaned the handle against the side of the cart.  As he bent over and wrapped his gloved hands under the edge of the rock, she began to count, "One, two, three."  They grunted and hefted the large ore up and into the cart.  Once it fell in, Cat gripped the side for balance.  She was breathing heavily and said, "Thanks."
"Yep."
As he started to turn around, he saw her smiling face and a crack across one eye.
"What is it?" she asked.  He was staring at her intensely.  "What?"
"You've … got something in your eye."
"Yeah?"  She removed her helmet and brushed the back of her wrist over her brow and closed lid.  She blinked repeatedly and then opened them wider.  "That get it?"
The cracks spread all over the white and through her iris and pupil.  He heard a sound and saw the shattering spread to her other eye, too.  They began to glow and the shards of her eyeballs fell away, revealing a naked flame within.  Beams of light poured from her skull and it was interrupted by a swirling mass of black that grew inside.  A warbling, wavering sound like the hiss of a den of snakes echoed in the shaft and filled his ears.  It became louder and louder until wisps of darkness poured out of her sockets and slime-coated sinew unraveled and curled toward him.  Black forms and long, they stretched and straightened.  Tiny maws studded with teeth opened and grasped at Rutwa's face, but he stepped away.
"I'll get it."
Without taking his attention away from the glistening obsidian creatures, his fingers found the top of his pickaxe's handle.  He tried his best not to move as he swung out to the side and then against the glowing orb that had once been Cat's head.  As soon as the side of the metal pickaxe connected, the light went out, the sound stopped, and the dark tendrils evaporated.  The woman fell against the rock cart and then dropped to the ground.
Standing above her, holding the handle still, he breathed heavily and looked down at her wide eyes.  They were not shattered and there were no signs of reptilian creatures within them or out.  Blood trickled from her scalp over her face and when the redness framed her still-white eye and dripped into the muck, terror gripped him. 
His hands began to quake and he stared at them, wondering when that last happened.  Oh.  This morning.  He slowly looked back at Dalee's corpse.  He let his hands continue to tremble for a few moments and then he formed fists, forcing the tremors away.  Like stepping from the bitter cold into a warm home, he relaxed.  He stepped over her to the front of the rock cart, and, with a pull of the lever, the day's work emptied onto her body.  He squinted through the cloud of dust and could see that only one of her arms remained uncovered.  He kicked away a rock or two and then looked up the shaft toward the next section of workers.
"Help!  Help!  Woman down!"
Other miners came running and he played along with them, frantically removing large rocks from the pile until her body was freed, broken and bleeding all over.  His senses seemed to shut down and it appeared as though it happened at a distance.  He remembered the medics taking her body away, the comforting pats on the back from his fellow miners, and the concerned look and low tone from the foreman as he asked what happened.  After a while, all whom he spoke to seemed satisfied and they said, "Go home."
At the mouth of Shaft Nineteen with the noon sun overhead and cold winds all around, he looked back into the darkness and heard, "Come to us."  
He felt nothing in response.  Not even fear.  He turned and walked home.
Rutwa wanted to collapse onto his bed and get some of the sleep he had been missing for weeks.  He wanted to be left alone.  Instead, when he turned the corner and saw the small patch of dirt that passed for his yard, he saw his son playing out front with two children.  He didn't recognize them.  
"Daddy!"  The boy grabbed onto his legs as he usually did, but Maugier kept moving to the door.
"Not now, Rex."  The child detached and went back to play with the others.
In the main room, he saw Elfi holding Anes and another woman and baby were seated next to them.
"Ru," Elfi said.  "You're home early.  Is everything alright?"
He nodded.  "It's fine."  He stared at the stranger.  "What's going on?"
His wife looked at the woman and gave a deflated chuckle.  "I've been talking about my sister coming for days."
As soon as she said the word "sister," something in his mind clicked and he recognized the woman.  "Right, right.  How are you, Estor?"
"I'm good.  Hope you are."
"I am."  
Elfi's brow furrowed and she wasn't about to let this drop.  "Didn't you recognize the children outside?"
Maugier looked over his shoulder at the closed door and said, "I guess they've grown."
Estor laughed.  "They have.  Every day."
"Is that lunch I smell?"
"Yeah, there's some left."  She looked at him askance and asked, "Are you sure you're alright?"
He was standing in the kitchen door.  He turned and looked at her over his shoulder.  With a rapid, forceful bark, he answered, "I said I'm fine!"
Elfi was startled into silence.  While Rutwa gathered a plate and some of the beans and rice, she and her sister left the main room and went out into the front yard with the children.  
Maugier sat at the small table and began to eat.  With each chew, he heard his wife and children playing and laughing and talking.  "Keep it down!" he yelled.  There was no answer because there was no one in the house.  Finally, he shook his head, gathered his plate, and exited the back door.
In the rear yards of the company houses, little could be seen beyond some toys and a few tables and chairs.  These alleyways acted as channels for the cool breezes that descended the mountains.  The wind whipped through here, making it feel a good five degrees colder than it really was.  Rutwa sat on his stoop and continued to eat, but he began to sweat.  As he chewed, he stood and took off his overalls.  He took another spoonful and he removed his boots.  Soon, he was naked but comfortable while the cold wind blew around him.
X
GANIKA
1,474 Years After Colonization

"Can I say what I want?"
"Sure."
"I mean, the Company won't come after me?"  
Barret smiled and said, "You can speak your piece and then I won't recall who said it if anyone asks."
Todd Mistry nodded and leaned against the metal railing.  The over-foreman looked down onto the loading zone and watched bins of coal being spilled into the hoppers.  "You were in the hole, right?"
"Yessir."  Ganika leaned onto the railing, too.  "Three years.  Here in Lothian."
"Mm.  Coal or metal?"
"Mostly metal.  Started in coal but I couldn't take it."
Mistry chuckled.  His mouth barely opened enough to let the words come out, and when they did, they were brushed by his thick, gray moustache.  "Takes a man to know when they can't."
"That's what I tell myself."
Todd nodded and pushed the brim of his hat up.  "I been a foreman for twenty years now.  To them down there, most think I'm just the prabho, that I don't care.  I do care.  They're my boys and girls.  I push them to do the work and I want them to do it well, but I want them to go home when the shift's done and have the life I didn't get to have."
"Sounds nice."
"Yep."  His cheeks flexed and he spat a glob of something over the side and down onto a slope.  "The Company ain't doin' them right anymore."
"Well," Barret raised a hand, "the Company or Lothian?"
Without turning his head, Todd gave the under-manager the side-eye.  "What's the difference?  To us, it's the same."
"Fair enough.  Carry on."
"It's been bad for a while.  Workers are gettin' paid with scrip.  Even us foremen are."
"Scrip is supposed to be a temporary measure until the books get righted."
Mistry shook his head.  "Goin' on three years now."
Ganika sighed and said, "Yeah."
"If the scrip ain't bad enough, the stores' supplies are runnin' short.  What's the use in havin' credit for the Company-owned store that doesn't have half the things you need?"  He looked at the under-manager and saw his sympathetic but still expression.  "That's just one end of it.  The other end's worse."
"How so?"
"When you were in the hole, the best days were still bad, right?"
"Yep."
"There are no more good days."  He ran a finger against his moustache and continued, "The shifts have been extended and days cut, which means less pay."  He shook his head, "Well, less scrip, I suppose."
"It's been three weeks since the announcements.  Have things evened out?"
"'Even?'  Shit.  We're all on a downward spiral.  Eleven, twelve-hour workdays and less to show for it.  And now word comes down that I have to fire anyone who claims ill, doc or not."
"I saw that, too."
"So what happens?  People show up and they're not feelin' right.  Hell, half of them were hungover on a normal day.  But now they're hurt or ill and it's leading to accidents.  Had someone die in the hole just the other day."
"Garvald had someone die a couple weeks back, too."
"Yeah.  It's going to get worse."
Barret sensed there was something more to that phrase.  "In what way?"
Todd looked at him and said, "Now, this is the part where I need you to lose your recollection."
"This is the part?"  The over-foreman answered with a slow nod.  "Yeah.  Go ahead."
"There's been talk of a stoppage."
Ganika rolled his eyes and slammed them shut.  He took in a deep breath and mumbled, "That would not be a good idea."
"Don't you think I know that?  But what am I supposed to do when everything they say is right?  Every grievance they have is justified.  Frak."  He backed away from the railing and folded his arms over his chest.  "I'm not ashamed to say it but I'm damn-near ready to join them if it happens."
Barret studied the older man and saw his conviction.  Deep inside, he knew himself that the management here at Lothian, and likely the Company as a whole, had much to answer for.  "As a representative of the Delta Exploratory Company, I should advise you that work stoppages are intensely frowned upon and will be met with all due resistance in order to ensure a return to normal operations."
"I hear you."
"What that means is," he stepped closer until the brims of both their hats were nearly touching, "the Company will beat the shit out of you and your boys and girls if they stop taking rock out of these holes."
Mistry exhaled through his nose and his whiskers rustled.  "I hear you."
"And they won't stop there.  You've heard of Cuttack."
"Of course I have."
"Good."  Ganika backed away.  "It's been forty years, but everyone should remember what happened there."
"And the Company is still doing the things that led to it."
"True enough."
Todd stood taller and looked at the loading area when a bell rang.  "So what's being done about it?"
"I'm just an under-manager.  I'd like to tell you that I'm movin' up and that I'll be changin' things, but it'd be horseshit."  Mistry snorted with laughter.  "All the prabhos around me and above me look at me like I'm an interloper.  Like I crawled out of the hole and I should be put back again."
The over-foreman quoted, "'Every dhoolie in his place …'"
"I don't like that word."
"Me neither.  But that's how they see us."
"Regardless, I can't appeal to their sense of empathy because they're lacking in that regard.  Instead, I've found that I have to appeal to their fiduciary senses."  He saw Mistry squint.  "Their purses."
"Right."
"If I can suggest a change that saves them a single artha, they'll give it all due consideration.  If it's just about worker happiness or welfare and it costs them more money than they'd make in return?  Then I may as well be in those conference rooms coated in clay and coughing up coal dust because that's how they'd see me.  A dumb mucker.  So I have my plans and I have my ways.  I've tried to make a difference and I'll keep on tryin', too."
"Mr. Ganika, I don't know you and I don't remember you from your time here in Lothian, but I can tell by your talk that you want to make things better for us."
"I do, Mr. Mistry.  I truly do."
"Then I wish nothing but the best for you."  He extended his hand and they shook.  "May the gods bless your work."
"May the gods hear you."  He tipped his hat and said, "And may they watch over your boys and girls."
"So say we all."

It was the middle of the day shift in Lilly's.  Three miners were asleep at the bar, their overnight shifts having ended hours before.  Liliola herself wasn't yet at work.  At a table in the center of the room sat Barret.  His hat was placed in the chair next to him while two half-filled glasses of bourbon sat on either side of the small table.  When the door opened, he looked up and smiled at the man who stood there.
"Hello there, Barret."
"Cooper."  He stood and nodded toward his former co-worker.  "I was told to expect a representative of the workers, but I was not expecting you."
He pulled out the back of the chair and sat.  As Ganika followed, Reddy removed his cap, put it in his lap, and said, "Well, Barret, it seems that I am regarded as a leader of sorts and I am frequently called upon to voice the concerns of my fellow workers."
"Is that a fact?"
"It is."  Cooper lifted the glass.  "To the good times."
"Good times."  They both downed most of the liquid and put the glasses back on the table.  
"Now," Reddy said as he leaned onto his elbows, "how might I help an under-manager of the Company?"
"I've spoken to a number of folk already about their grievances.  I'm sure you would tell me the same."
"Likely."
"We can dispense with it if I can narrow it down to 'sick of scrip and long hours, and a lack of allowances for illness or injury.'"
Cooper smiled a toothy smile and said in his typical drawl and cadence, "You are not incorrect, Barret, if a bit lacking in detail."
"Oh, I got plenty of detail."  Ganika closed the folder on the table and leaned back in his chair.  "Your name did come up in my queries."
"Is that so?"
"It is.  Several people regarded you as a procurer of items not available in the Company stores."
Reddy laughed.  "I'm not sure I follow your meaning."
"I think you do."  He straightened and spoke softer.  His smile faded.  "You take scrip from hard-working men and women and you bring them food and supplies from outside the Company."
"If that's the case and there's no cut for me, then there's no harm in it, is there, Barret?"
"No, strictly speaking.  But you don't feel like you're takin' advantage of folks and their desperations?  Sowing additional seeds of discontent among the workers?"
"Again, Barret, I don't know what you're talking about."
"Right, right."  He nodded and played along.  "So, whoever this is I hear takes scrip from hungry, forlorn, and angry people, and gets the goods carted in from Sopar, I guess, as that's a nearby town that's not entirely run by the Company."  Cooper began to shake his head.  "And you, I mean, they charge them treble the value.  Something you can buy for ten artha in Sopar or Hades will cost your fellow miners thirty in scrip to this person.  I'm guessing it costs about two scrip per artha, or more, and they pocket the rest.  Meanin', they do take a cut."
"Now, Barret, that there is a dark market.  Those are forbidden."
"That's right.  But here's what I don't get," he scratched the side of his head and looked up in mock thought.  "What's in it for the proprietor of this dark market?"
"What do you mean?"  Reddy tilted his head, "Treble the scrip with a healthy profit after the deal is done, assuming your information is correct."
"Sure, sure, but let's call a quartz a quartz.  Scrip ain't worth shit."
Cooper chuckled.  "It has value because the Company says it has value."
"That's right, but the Company's never going to give it value."
"You're losing me, Barret."
Ganika nodded.  "I might be some under-management prabho, but I hear the rumors.  Even in Lothian, where I've laid my head for barely a month."
"Right."
"The word's going 'round that if Garvald pays out in these new shafts, the Company will start to pay out."
"I have heard mutterings of that nature, yes."
"Good.  I have even heard tell of an exchange of some sort."  Reddy's mouth flashed a quick grin.  Barret saw it and avoided doing it himself.  "Meaning, one would be able to exchange Company scrip for actual, honest-to-gods coinage."
"Now that would be a momentous day."
"Mm-hm."  Ganika sniffed and started to shake his head.  "It's not gonna happen."
Cooper's face froze.  His nostrils flared slightly and he asked, "How would you know what's on the mind of the Company's bookkeepers?"
"You remember the tedium of some days in the hole?  Those days when you're sittin' back and waitin' for the shotfires to do their work for hours on end?"
"I recall."
"Well, as a Company under-manager, I still experience that tedium from time to time as the prabhos above me have their meetings and talk about all manner of things, including the books, and I'm forced to sit there for the whole damned thing.  'Under no circumstances will scrip ever be exchanged for silver.'  I have heard the over-managers themselves say that very sentence."
Reddy's eyes drifted to the tabletop and his fingers absentmindedly flitted around the nearly empty glass.  "Well.  That is harsh news for us workers who were counting on that particular rumor."
"And especially harsh for someone in the dark market who was amassing such a healthy pile of scrip."
"Indeed, Barret."  
"It's not a total loss, I suppose.  If one happened to have a store in Sopar that took two on the artha, that's still a nice arrangement to have.  Not as lucrative as a full-bore exchange, but still."
"Do you have anything further for me?"
"I do not."  Ganika smiled at him, drank the rest of his bourbon, and said, "Have a good day, Cooper."
"You as well, Barret."  Without another word or expression, the tall man stood and left the bar.
XI
MILTON
1,474 Years After Colonization

His full head of curly, blond hair concealed his true age of sixty-four.  Otger stood before the mirror and tucked a stray strand behind his ear and the gold ring on his pinky flashed in the light of the setting sun from the windows of his office.  
He had been the manager of Lothian for nearly two decades.  In that time, the size of the town doubled, as did their output, but recent difficulties have led to contractions and unwanted attention.
Someone coughed loudly and then said, "I hope I'm not too early."
Milton turned and saw the tall form of Barret Ganika.  "Not at all.  Please.  Help yourself."
"Obliged."  He removed his hat and tossed it onto the table as he turned toward the drinks cart.
Another example of Mangala's demands to watch over his shoulder and DECo's over-managers' lack of confidence in his leadership.  Not after today.
A few of the local board members entered the office and took their usual places.  Otger stood at the head of the table and looked down at the model before him.  Three brown-gray mountain peaks on a plank with thick moss to represent the forest floor.  When the last of the board members sat down and a few had lit their pipes, Milton raised his head and spoke.
"Let us begin."
Three of the local board knew about the project and fully supported him.  He expected to easily get the other four members' favor, too.  Ganika was an unknown, but he thought he had a tactic that would work.
"It is no secret that Lothian has been experiencing problems.  More shafts are coming up empty and expansion is moving slower and proving more costly.  The Peaks Project represents the means to move from mountain to mountain at great speed and with barely half the staff needed in typical top-to-bottom mining operations."  Those who did not know the details raised their eyebrows.
"Imagine," Otger sat down and pulled the corner of the model toward him, "if we had the hand of Jupiter in our employ."  He spread his fingers over one of those mountains and hovered his hand there.  "If we knew there were valuable ores or coal in these mountains, how wondrous might it be to simply," he grasped the top of the peak and removed the top half of the mountain, "pluck off the top?"  He slid a small plate to the side of the model and crushed the formed clay in his hand.  "We could examine the rubble for what is useful and then turn our attention to what remains of the mountain."  With his forefinger and thumb, he reached into the model and extracted a single lump of black coal.  "And easily remove what we need."
He looked around the table.  The board members who knew about the project were smiling.  Those who didn't were nodding and smiling, too.  Ganika, however, was still.
"Well, I am pleased to say that we needn't call upon the Lords of Kobol to do this, for we can do this ourselves.  Now."  He brushed the dust from his hands onto the model.  "Diggers would be used extensively.  Shotfires, too.  But we would have little need for miners, pitmen, cartmen, clippers, and the like."  He looked directly at Barret, "This would keep hundreds of them out of harm's way at each mountain."
"How many people are needed?" someone asked.
"Two-thirds the numbers needed for typical mines in a single mountain at the start.  Less as mining proceeds."
"How long?" another asked.
Milton smiled.  "It can take a couple of decades to mine-out a mountain, but with this, five to seven years, depending on the mountain."
The board members seemed satisfied and looked at each other.  Soon, in the quiet, they turned and looked at Ganika.  He said nothing and simply sipped his drink.
"Do you have any questions, sir?" Otger asked.
"Oh, plenty."  As he sipped again, Milton sighed and waited.  "Have you scouted a location?"
"Yes.  Three mountains, forty kilometers southwest of Lothian.  All have been surveyed and coal seams are marked."
"The Company owns them?"
"We do."
After he emptied his glass, Barret crossed his legs and asked, "The workers.  A lot of people are going to lose their jobs if this tactic spreads."
"To a degree, yes.  There may be need in some cases for us to use the standard means of mining, but this can be done anywhere."
"And puttin' that many families out doesn't worry you?"
Otger furrowed his brow.  "I thought you would be pleased.  Peak removal means a reduced need for workers to be in shafts.  Less likelihood of accidents …"
"Certainly.  I appreciate that.  But a lot of people won't feel so safe and protected if they lose their jobs in the process."
"There will be a need for more sorters and screeners," a board member said.  "Diggers, shotfires.  Can the workers learn a new trade?"
Ganika chuckled.  "Of course, they can.  But, in the past, the Company hasn't been too obliging about giving the muckers an opportunity to try something new."
Milton smiled.  "Hmph.  You became an under-manager."
Barret glared at him.  "I did, but I'm one of those exceptions, you know?  The ones that prove the rule?"
Otger straightened the lapels of his coat and said, "Make DECo give workers the chance."
"Oh, I'll make that recommendation yet again.  Don't fret."
The manager leaned onto the table and folded his arms atop each other.  "Workers aside, what do you think?"
Ganika looked at the model.  "It seems like a quick way to get at the lode and take what we want, no question.  I'm sure you have prepared estimates of cost savings and such."
"I have."
"Good.  I'll want that for my report to Mangala."  He scratched the stubble along his jaw.  "Forgetting the benefits, now," he pointed at the plate with the remains of the crumbled model peak, "this doesn't give you pause?"
Milton looked down at the debris.  "How so?"
"Cutting mountains in half?  Then coring them out like an apple?  That doesn't strike you as … wrong somehow?"
He looked at the model mountain and the hole where the small piece of coal had been.  It all seemed simple to him.  "No."
"I'm not a particularly devout man, but there're plenty of people who think these worlds were gifts from the gods after we left Kobol.  Carving up the gods' creation … and a mountain, no less.  That would be an affront to Vulcan."
Otger shook his head and chuckled, "Vulcan is also a god of mining and we certainly are praising his name for all that we do.  This is just a new way to do it."
"But there's no fixin' it when it's done.  You can't stack up all the excess rock on top and pretend like it's the same."  Barret glanced away in thought and then asked, "What are you gonna do with all the gangue and clay?  Once you've screened it and dug out the coal?"
Again, the manager looked at the model.  "We'll leave it there.  The operation will be on the mountainside and the piles will be sorted there."
"And it'll spill downhill."
"Probably."
"What about the processing slurry?  The water from the sluices and chemicals and all?"
"We'll empty it out as we need to."
His eyebrows raised.  "So all that shit will flow downhill and into the rivers and streams and forests."
Milton heaved a sigh.  "What is the issue, Mr. Ganika?"
"The issue, sir, is what will happen to those forests?  What about the towns fed by those streams and rivers?  Ibora is near enough.  I'm sure they won't be happy …"
"Mr. Ganika," Otger's voice was loud and angry, "are these the concerns of DECo or your own?"
"Just my own, for now."
"And will your report reflect this?"
"It absolutely will."
Milton's lips contorted and he raised his head.  His ears flushed hot and he assumed that his face was red now, too.  "Well.  My presentation is complete.  That will be all, Mr. Ganika."
Barret didn't move for a moment.  Finally, he nodded, picked up his hat, and stood.  "Trust me.  The people around here – and I don't mean the people of Lothian or Company employees, I mean all the people of Cancer – when they look up and see giant godsdamned holes in the sky where entire mountains used to be, they will lose their minds."  He put on his hat and left the room.
When the door closed behind him, Otger said, "Damned dhoolie."  The members of the board laughed and then they discussed the financials of the project.
XII
MAUGIER
1,474 Years After Colonization

Rutwa lay in bed and he turned onto his side.  After a few minutes, agitation coursed through him and he flopped onto his other side.  He heard the clopping feet of a horse on the stone street outside and he finally turned onto his back and stared at the ceiling.
Another night without sleep.  How many had it been?  He couldn't say.
"Wake up."  Maugier's eyes opened wide and he saw the dangling hair of his wife above him.  The dim light of the rising sun silhouetted her.  "You were crying again."
"But I was asleep."
"That's good."  She rolled back over and closed her eyes.  "But you were crying."
About what?  He sat up in bed and turned.  When his bare feet touched the cold floor, the shock raced through him and he was certainly awake.  After he dressed, he left the quiet house and walked the streets of Lothian toward the foot of Garvald.  He passed all manner of bins and processing tanks.  Squads of workers were heading to their areas in the loading zones, sorters emptied hoppers, cartmen and clippers wrangled the metal carts on the rails, washers ran rocks through the sluices. 
He began to climb the path.  He passed through two other loading zones before he reached the newest one.  Shaft Nineteen was more than halfway up the slope of Garvald Mountain and there were fewer people working here as it only serviced the one current shaft.
"Maugier?"
Rutwa was staring into the dark mouth of the mine.  "Yeah?"
"What are you doing here?"
He turned and saw the dirty face of the foreman.  "Ready to eat?"
"What?"
Maugier turned his head and said, "I'm ready to work."
"You don't work today.  Your shift is back tomorrow."
He nodded and looked at the shaft.  "I'm ready."
She moved closer to him and put her hand on his shoulder.  "Ru."  His eyes widened and he glared at her hand.  Seeing his reaction, she backed away.  "Go home."
He balled his hands into fists and yelled, "I have to go!"  Before the foreman could respond, he stomped down the path, away from Nineteen.
He passed through the three loading zones quickly, angrily.  Once he was on the road away from Garvald, his fingers relaxed and his arms swung freely.  He breathed deeply and began to whistle a happy song he had heard one night at Lilly's.  It was Cat's favorite.
When he got home, he reached for the handle of the door but found he couldn't grasp it.  His hand trembled and no matter how much will he poured toward it, his hand would not take the handle.  Finally, he raised his left hand and managed to open the door.  He walked through the main room where his son sat and spoke to him, but he ignored his chatter.  His wife called from the kitchen, but he didn't hear her.  Instead, he went into their small bedroom and fell onto the bed.  

When he opened his eyes later, the world had changed.
The light that came from the window was no longer white or tinged with the blue of the sky.  It was fire.  Orange and yellow, ebbing with the flow of atmosphere that fed its flames.  The air of the room was hot and close.  Rutwa felt damp with sweat and it rolled into his eyes where it stung.  When he raised his hand to wipe them, he saw that his arm had been replaced with a viscous black tentacle.  He spread what he thought had been his fingers and the end of the long tendril parted and revealed a toothy maw.  He remembered seeing the hatchlings emerge from Dalee's eyes so Maugier nodded in understanding.  The time for slumber has passed.
With a roar as loud as the fire that raged outside, he heard, "Come to us!"
He stood and his balance tilted.  He stumbled to the wall and braced himself with both tentacles.  There, he looked down and saw the black appendages flowing beneath himself, leaving a wispy, dark trail.  He raised his head and looked at the wall.  The wood had become frosted glass and its coolness made the shiny slime of his new arms recoil.
Rutwa lurched from the bedroom finding his new fluid locomotion freeing.  He smiled in the kitchen and watched the flames refract in the glass walls of this room.  The back door then opened and something entered that looked for all the worlds like Elfi, his wife, though her eyes were pale white and blank.  When she opened her mouth to speak, insects flew forth and he raised his tentacles to swat them down.  She opened her mouth again and a piercing wail emerged.
He felt the very bones of his body – Do I still have bones? – vibrate and the liquid surface of his new skin rippled.  The walls of his home began to crack and he looked at false Elfi and sprang toward her.
His left and right tentacles wrapped around her throat and constricted.  Her mouth opened again and more insects poured out.  The great flies and crickets clung to his oily skin and began to sting and bite him.  He felt sharp moments of pain interrupted only by the clawing fingers of false Elfi as her breath left her.  Once this thing was dead, all of her insects died, too.  They dropped to the floor of the kitchen and false Elfi's white eyes evaporated into a mist, revealing bloodied sockets in their place.
His tentacles unwound from her neck and the body fell.  It melted into a puddle of red and white and the stench forced Rutwa to cover his face with a dark limb.  He moved into the main room and there felt another barrage of a piercing siren.  His flesh quaked and he lunged for the bin at its source and found it crawling with gray and brown insects.  Tiny gnat things fluttered to his eyes and lice leapt onto his torso.  At the midst of them all lay an imposter.
White-eyed and wrong, the false Anes cried out.  Maugier's tendril wrapped about her neck and mouth and in less time than it took the false Elfi to fade, the false Anes departed.  Her eyes evaporated and the bin filled itself with the corpses of her expelled creatures and a growing, reeking pool of rose-colored liquid.
"Come to us!"
It was the voice of some power beyond anything Rutwa had known.  It called him.
He straightened in his glass home and saw the standing figure of Rexxy before him.  The little boy's eyes shone bright yellow and from the glow emerged long, black tentacles.  The boy's mouth parted, too, and another slick poured out.  Unformed and immature, the liquid willed itself to congeal, but it collapsed and flowed over the boy's clothes.
Maugier knelt and put his tendril on Rexxy's shoulder.  He smiled – I wonder what my smile looks like now? – and said, "When you are ready, come to us."
Rutwa stood and as he moved to the door, he watched his son.  His gleaming skull followed him and the black limbs stretched forth, reaching for him.  He smiled once more and opened the door, emerging into the bright, burning night.
His coiled, liquid legs pushed him on the road quickly.  He looked toward the mountain and beheld a convergence.  The slopes of stone were set upon by great creatures he could not discern at this distance.  The fiery star sat on the point of Garvald framed by a confluence of clouds that stretched beyond all sight.  Lightning broke from them and leapt to the peak.  Rain poured up into space where it boiled in the flames of the sun and coated all the world with steam.  He moved faster.
People called to him but when he looked, he saw only others like him and his son.  Shining orbs that stared at him, though some had hatched and revealed nascent tentacles and tiny mouths.  One man walking alongside a great cart-pulling spider stopped and began to spray bugs into his path.  Rutwa shook his head and backed away from the false stranger.  He made ready to run again, but the insect swarm ceased and the resonant wail began.
Shielding his ears as best as he could, Maugier set upon him and wrapped his tentacles around his neck.  The false man flailed and his insects bit all the harder.  Maugier did not flinch though he worried as the giant spider began to buck and the cart pulled away.  Then he was gone and melted and Ru began to run again.
"Come to us!" the bellow came from the mountaintop, shaking all the world.
Bright, shattered eyes followed him at a distance as he fled.  He didn't care.  He was happy that he would have an audience for his ascension.  A whistling came from behind and the air's color brightened.  The glowing orbs of his kin parted and allowed a crew of false ones to emerge.  Clouds of insects flew before them but their shrieks did not harm him at this distance.
The ground shook, but not with the voice of his summons.  There was something else.
He passed the first of the holes in the mountain and saw a train of the great creatures pouring forth.  Trunks of swirling blue and black, tentacles of variable length that seemingly hardened at will, heads that were formed from the stone with gems for eyes and craggled, parting mouths.  As they clambered up the rock, they chanted, in unison, with deep, clashing voices, "Ælthætæ, Thæí koilogástoræ athánati!  Eisakousatæ prosefkhín æmou!"
Rutwa smiled and hurried again.
From each shaft he passed, he saw more of the creatures emerging, chanting, and he felt the ground quake again.  On a sudden, it all came to him.  He knew what lay beyond the crevice.  He knew what slumbered in the chasm.  The abyss held what all the worlds needed and he was the blessed one to free it.
The fire-lit sky shone on him as he climbed the path to Shaft Nineteen.  He saw the images of his co-workers in the loading area, though most of the equipment had become glass.  Maugier went to a tool table and lifted a great pickaxe.  Then he realized that it was not glass, but instead fair adamant.  Glistening diamond, too raw for a finger, but pointed and heavy for serious work.  He stood before the mouth of the mine and looked toward the peak again.  A conjunction was near.  The world's clouds had encircled this mountain at this moment.  The horde of creatures had come to rest on the slopes of Garvald and they had become a ghastly choir, singing for the chosen one and for the eldritch thing beneath the hill, waiting in the void.
"Come, ravening, deathless gods!  Hearken to my prayer!" they sang.  And Maugier understood.
Shining, tentacle-eyed faces watched him run.  A false foreman tried to stop him and a swipe from his axe sent her into oblivion.  He tore into the mine and found that it was wet and its walls were flesh, veined with the pulsing of some dark ichor.  His tentacles squished into the pink, mucous-laden floor but he was not daunted.  At the end of the path lay his task.  Sirens sounded in the beyond and he saw glowing eyes flee.  He laughed because he knew they feared what he would release.
At the terminus of the tunnel, he dropped the axe and pulled the last vestiges of his old self away.  Clothes were flung into the moist muck and he bared his black chest before taking a final deep breath in the old world.  He raised the diamond pickaxe and trained his eye on the scar tissue that barred entry to the abyss.
"Come to us!" it called one last time.  All the world shook and his mired flesh quivered in anticipation.  
He smiled again and swung.  The hardened flesh was rent and a great breath emerged from the revealed crevice.  A green flame burned within and Rutwa swung again.  And again.  The skin of the tunnel wall fell away with gouts of black blood, and the slick, oily chasm gleamed in the ageless fire.  The world shook again and It came.
A great claw found purchase in the hole he created and the thing hefted itself from the depths of the core.  Its massive head turned and Maugier was regarded in a beam from the ancient one's enormous eye.  His skin danced in pleasure and he extended his tentacles outward.
"I have come," Rutwa said, "to you."
Then he felt pain.
Though in the healing light of the great being's eye, he turned away and saw a crowd of false ones drawing near.  Their new shrieks caused the god to shake and its light was taken from him.  Their swarms of insects began to devour him and he saw his new black flesh made liquid again, pouring away from his body.  He dropped to the floor of the shaft and struggled to turn his head to face the abyss again.  
He spat to free his mouth and face of the flies, but he spied the top of Garvald being torn asunder and the nameless, Stygian thing taking flight toward the fire of the sun.
Maugier smiled and whispered only, "Free."
XIII
GANIKA
1,474 Years After Colonization

Barret looked at the table.  The white sheet was in the shape of a man and blood soaked through at different points along its chest.  Part of him wanted to turn back a corner of the cloth and see the face of a monster, but the rest of him suppressed the impulse.
"Sorry, Mr. Ganika," a woman said as she entered the small room.  "I was detained."
"I understand."  He didn't take his eyes off the body.  "Please, constable, tell me what you know."
Eda Sayar was not a government official of any sort.  She and all her constabulary were employees of the Company who acted as security for mining communities like Lothian.  She held some sheets of paper but she didn't need to read from them to recount the details.  "Rutwa Maugier.  Twenty-eight-years-old, employee of the Company for thirteen.  He's lived in four different communities in that time.  This afternoon, after waking from a nap, he strangled his wife to death in their kitchen and then strangled his infant daughter in her crib."  Barret winced.  He had heard the chatter but chose not to believe it.  "He spared his young son, though."  Ganika looked at the constable and saw that she, too, was staring at the covered man.  "Outside of the home, he then attacked and killed a grocer before running through the streets to the Garvald loading zones."
"Did anyone try to stop him?"
"Sure.  Constables responded almost immediately but he had a good lead on them.  Once he reached Shaft Nineteen, he took up a pick, killed his foreman, and ran inside.  The mine was evacuated and he began hacking at the end wall to open up the cave there.  That's when my constables got to him, found him naked, and shot him."
"Cave?  What's inside?"
"Nothing.  It's just a … big empty cave.  The Company hadn't done any surveys to see if there's anything worth mining inside.  They didn't want to risk making Nineteen unstable."
Ganika sighed and leaned against the wall.  "Did he say anythin' at all?"
"My constables say he was talking into the cave when they got to him.  He said, 'Free,' after they shot him.  Witnesses say he was chanting a prayer of some kind before he killed the foreman.  His son, though, had the most interesting things to recount."
"Oh?"
She raised the pages and flipped a couple over.  "Now, the boy's only three so I might have ignored it, but given the circumstances, …"
"Sure."
"He says his father would come sit by his bed at night and whisper to him as he slept.  Most of the time, the boy would just lie there and pretend to sleep.  He didn't remember or understand much of what he said, but the other night, the boy says his father talked about 'snakes in his eyes.'"
Ganika's brow furrowed and he looked at the body again.  "Is that all?"
"No.  He said, after he killed his mother and sister, he was crying and telling his father to stop," she paused and cleared her throat, "then he knelt down and said to the boy, 'Come to us when you're ready.'"
"'Us?'"
"I don't know."
Barret shook his head.  "So he went mad before today."
"Seems like it."
"Have you constables had any dealings with him?"
"Just a drunk scuffle at Lilly's a couple of years ago.  And a fight on the job last summer."
"What about health records?"
"You'd have to visit the doc for that."  He nodded.  "There's something else, Mr. Ganika."
"Barret.  What's that?"
"A few weeks ago, Garvald had a fatal accident."
"I recall."
"It was Maugier's compeer who died."
"How?"
"He said she tripped the release lever on a hauling cart.  She was buried under half-a-ton of ore."
"No way to know if he did it?"
"No."
"Maybe he didn't.  Maybe her dying is what broke his mind."
"Maybe."
"What's being done about the boy?"
"He's at a neighbor's house now.  We're trying to reach the wife's sister to come get him."
He sighed and scratched his head.  "Well, constable, …"
"Eda."
"Eda, let me know if there's anything else."
"Actually, Barret, …"
Someone knocked at the door.  It parted a little and a curly haired man stuck his head inside.  "Constable?"
She pulled it open all the way and revealed Otger Milton.  "Sir."
He straightened his shirt and tie as he stared at the covered body.  "I've come to see why your men have prevented the resumption of work …"  He suddenly noticed the tall man standing against the wall.  "Why are you here?"
Ganika said, "Safety and worker relations is under my purview, Mr. Milton."
The older man frowned and looked at Sayar.  "Constable?"
"We're still investigating, sir."
"By all accounts, this was one man gone mad.  Am I incorrect?"
"No, sir.  You are not."
"Then the investigation is complete.  Order your constables to reopen Nineteen."
Eda lowered her head and answered, "Yessir."
Otger turned to leave, looked at Barret again, and appeared as though he had something to say.  Instead, he departed.
Ganika sighed and said, "Close it."  Once she did, he said, "What were you going to tell me?"
"This incident was just 'one man gone mad.'  But there's more."
"More?"
She nodded.  "Some months back, I was talking with one of my people and we joked that it seemed like things were getting rougher.  The crimes were becoming more serious.  The more I thought about it, the more I realized it was true.  I checked our records."
"What'd you find?"
"In the last two years, assaults have nearly tripled."
"The population of Lothian has increased, too."
"Yes, but I'm talking about the rate against the whole population."
"Damn.  Go ahead."
"This year alone, we've had six suicides.  Four months ago, we had a murder-suicide.  Another murder the month before that."  She glanced at the bod.  "And all that was before the Maugiers."
"How many suicides and murders are normal?"
"In the five years prior to this year," she held up her hand, fingers splayed, to emphasize the number, "there were only four suicides, total, and three murders, two of which were bar fights that got out of hand."
Ganika sighed and looked at Maugier's covered body.  "Do you have any theories?"
"For a spell, I thought maybe the Company was hiring a worse sort of people, due to the increased beatings and what not.  I checked the backgrounds of everyone, though, and that doesn't match up."
He pointed toward the door.  "Does he know about this?"
"Gave it to him as soon as I finished writing it up.  He said, 'Thanks for the information,' and that's the last I heard about it."
He ground his teeth.  "Do you still have that work?  Your compiled records?"
"I do."
"I'll come 'round and get them."
"Alright."
"I intend to investigate this myself, Eda.  I might have need to call on you."
She smirked.  "Call on me whenever you like."
"Obliged.  I'm thinkin' I'll visit the doc next."
"That would be my suggestion."
Barret put his large hat on, tipped it toward her, and left.  
The morgue was attached to the main medical building and it was a short walk upstairs and through crowded offices of sick and injured workers and families before he found the halls where the medical professionals worked.
At a large desk, a frazzled man moved papers around before he looked up and studied Ganika.  "What ails you?"
"Nothin'."
"Then we don't have time for you."
"I'm sure.  I'm Under-Manager Barret Ganika."  The worker looked up again, slowly.  "I need to talk to the doc.  Now."
"Sir, the doc is mighty busy, as you could guess."
Barret looked around the room and saw several dirty men and women cradling their arms or holding rags soaked through with bright red blood against their wounds.  There were a few family members, too, cradling sick children with cloths against their runny noses.  "I'm sure, but it's important.  Otherwise, I wouldn't be here."
The young man sighed and jabbed his thumb over his shoulder.  "Back there."
Ganika nodded and walked around the counter.  As he navigated the long hallway, he passed door after door with patients inside, screaming as nurses or other workers stitched up cuts, wrapped broken limbs, or checked children for fevers.  Finally, standing by a woman on a scale, he saw a hunched-over old man with a frown permanently affixed among a sea of wrinkles.
"Wyot Derci?" Barret asked.
"Yeah?"  He raised his head only enough to see who was speaking.  "What do you want?"
He removed his hat and held it behind his back.  "I'm Barret Ganika, under-manager with the Company.  Can we talk?"
The doc's eyes widened.  "Are you sick?  Wounded?"
"No sir."
"Then you can wait."
Ganika smirked and looked back toward the waiting area.  "Sorry, doc, but I can't."
Derci grumbled and threw a file onto a nearby table.  "Stay here.  The Company calls."  The woman grunted in agreement and he hobbled away toward a closed door.  "Here."  He opened it and walked inside.
While the doctor sat behind a desk overloaded with papers and boxes, Barret sat on a small stool before it.  "I appreciate your time, doc."
"Spare me the shit and just tell me what you want."
Ganika's eyebrows raised and he studied the old man for a second.  "Alright.  You heard about the Maugiers?"
He snorted and shook his head.  "Who hasn't."
"Well, did you ever treat him?"
"How the frak would I know?"  Wyot sighed and jutted his crooked fingers to the wall shelves.  "You're young.  Look for yourself."
Barret stood and stepped toward the mass of folders.  They were seemingly filed without uniformity and pages were spilling out of many of them.  They were, however, in alphabetical order, so he located the Maugier file quickly.  He opened it and saw there were nine pages.  Three were dedicated to Elfi and the birth of the baby, Anes.  Two for young Rex.  The rest were labeled, "Rutwa."  He squinted as he looked at the handwriting and decided there was little point.  "I can't read this."
"Godsdammit."  Somehow, Derci managed to snap his arthritic fingers.  "Give it."  He turned and handed the file to him.  Slowly, the doctor put very thick lenses over his eyes and then raised his head to get the angle right so he could read.  He flipped past a few pages and then read aloud, "Broken foot."  Flip.  "Laceration on hand."  Flip.  "Brain commotion."
"What's that?"
The doctor nodded and kept reading.  "Bar fight.  Two years ago.  He got hit hard, so he had headaches, nausea, dizziness, disorientation."
"Hmm.  Brain shake."
"Same thing."  He flipped the page.  "Oh."
"'Oh?'  What?"
Wyot sighed and lifted the page out of the folder.  "He came in last year and said he was having some … 'dark thoughts.'"
"'Last year.'"  Ganika walked around the side of the desk and looked at the page.  He saw only a couple of sentences.  "Doesn't look like you did much."
The doctor slammed his hands down and looked up at him.  "What the frak am I supposed to do?  I'm a damned sawbones.  That's all.  You get cut, I stitch you up.  You break a leg, I'll splint you.  That's it.  I'm not a head-peeper."
"I know."  He started to walk back to the stool when Derci started yelling again.
"If the Company would send us more help, maybe we could start!  You could send a head-peeper or two.  There's plenty of work around here for 'em!"
"Doc, please," Barret raised his hand, "just tell me: do you recall why he came?  What 'dark thoughts' he had?"
"No.  I don't.
Ganika nodded and looked down as he thought.  "Can you remember any other people who came in with 'dark thoughts' or the like?"
The doctor leaned back in his chair and rubbed his bald head.  "I recall some what did, but I don't recall their names."
"Alright.  Here's what I need you to do."  Wyot groaned.  "The constable has a list of names.  I need you to go through your records and pull files that match."
"No.  Can't do it."
"Why?"
He made a fist and slammed the desk again.  "Did you not see the two rooms full of people waiting to see me?!  Lothian's nearly doubled its size in the last five years and it's still just me, three nurses, and whoever else I can dupe into helping us!"  
At this point, Barret had grown weary of the angry doctor.  "I understand.  I do.  But the constable thinks there's more goin' on here than just a loony or two and I'm inclined to agree.  I need someone with medical training to look at files and pick out connections."
"You think there's some kind of … holesick epidemic goin' 'round?"
"I don't know."
Derci's gaze drifted.  Suddenly, his attention returned to the room and he pointed at Ganika.  "I can help, but for a price."
"Alright."
"I want more staff."
Barret's tongue swiped across his teeth.  "Here's what I can do.  I can authorize an emergency deployment.  It's just three people and they can only stay for three months at most.  During that time, I'll have a go at gettin' you more people, permanently.
To Ganika's surprise, the doctor actually smiled.  "That would be appreciated.  Thank you."
"Now.  How can you help?"
"There's another doctor in Lothian.  Gile Kula.  She's damned good but I was never able to get her to work for me."
"Another doctor?  I don't understand."
"She digs coal under Blackhope."
Barret's mouth fell open.  "A doctor who digs?"
"Yeah.  It's her story to tell."  He glanced at the clock on the wall.  "If she's not in the pit and she's not asleep, she's probably at Fat Nandi's."
He chuckled a little and asked, "They're still open?  Alright.  And you're fine with letting her have access to your files on my behalf?"
"If you can convince her to help you," he flicked his hand toward the shelves, "sure."  
He stood and extended his hand toward Wyot.  "I'm gonna find her now.  I'll send a message on the deployment as soon as I get to the office."
The doctor stood and shook his hand.  "Thank you.  And good luck."
The Blackhope camp was a fair walk from the main part of Lothian, which was nearest Garvald and the now mined-out Dewar Mountains.  The path was lined with carts and trucks, many empty and waiting to be filled with ore or coal to be shipped elsewhere.  Finally, after he passed storage sheds and parked vehicles, he came to a different neighborhood which included another, smaller Company store, a couple of administration buildings, and a couple of businesses.  He stopped in front of the old bar and looked up the path as it continued toward Blackhope's loading zones and shafts.
"Fat Nandi's," he said aloud.  The sign hanging from the front was new, at least.  It bore the image of an anthropomorphized obese white bull drinking from a goblet of wine.  Before he was transferred to Dewar to dig for ores, he dug coal here at Blackhope.  He had been banned from Nandi's back then after starting more than a few fights.  I wonder if they'll remember me.
When Ganika pushed through the door, his wide eyes scanned the room slowly.  Compared to Lilly's, Fat Nandi's appeared to be a fine, upper-class establishment.  It was well lit and clean.  The wooden walls looked new.  A man played a soft tune on a piano in the corner.
"Wow."
He walked to the counter and touched the top.  The wood wasn't sticky like he remembered.  He pressed his hand on it a few times just to be certain before a young man came to him.  "What can I get you?"
"Bourbon, double.  Old Cacus, if you have it."  As the bartender pulled a glass out from under the bar, Barret said, "It's been a while since I've been here.  It looks real nice."
He nodded.  "Fire four years ago."
"Yeah?"
"Burned the whole thing down.  Miss Wesley was ready to move on, but Mr. Milton said Nandi's was, uh, a 'fixture of the community,' so he got her some Company money to rebuild."
"Mm.  It shows."  The bartender finished pouring the alcohol and started to leave.  "Hey," he looked over his shoulder at the several other patrons, "which one of them is Gile Kula?"
He lifted his head and scanned the room.  "Over there."  He pointed to a woman sitting alone at the table farthest from the piano.
"Obliged."  He put a coin on the counter.  "The next time you see Miss Wesley, tell her Barret Ganika says hello."
"Will do."
He picked up his glass and walked across the room.  He stood to the side of the table so he could see Kula in profile.  After a few seconds with no response, he asked, "May I join you?"
She was fifty-something and her long hair had quite a few strays.  He couldn't tell how dark her skin naturally was because of the hours of recent work in the coal mine she had put in.  She didn't turn her head as she said with a clipped, heavily accented tone, "I'd rather you didn't."
He nodded and walked to the chair opposite her at the table.  After he put his glass down, he reached into his pocket and put a large coin on the table.  "Now, may I join you?"
Her bright eyes sat in contrast to the streaks of black on her face.  They looked up along the length of his body until they found his face under the brim of his hat.  "Have a seat, prabho."
He sat and placed his hat on the table.  He quickly downed his glass and said, "I'm Under-Manager Barret Ganika."  She simply nodded.  "It's a pleasure to meet you, doc."
Kula glared at him.  "What?"
"Dr. Gile Kula?"
She blinked and then looked into her near-empty glass again.  "Used to be."
"What happened?"
"None of your godsdamned business."
Barret laughed.  "Where are you from?  I ask only because I'm not buyin' the accent."
"Far away."  She looked up again.  "What do you want?"
"I need your medical expertise."
"Hmph."  She raised her glass and swallowed the last of the green liquid.  "You're shit outta luck."
"I don't think so."  He put another coin on the table.  "You'd make this in, what, three days?  Four days in the hole?"
"Shows you what you know, prabho.  We get paid in scrip."
"Right.  So, having actual artha to spend would feel nice."
She licked her lips and glanced toward the bartender.  "It would."
"I pay in artha."  Her head snapped toward him.  "I want to pay you."
"For what?"
"Your medical expertise."
She blinked again and held her empty glass in the air.  "I ain't for sale."
"Well, I think with these two coins, I've at least bought your attention for a spell."
"Maybe."  The bartender came to the table and refilled the glass with more green alcohol.
"First, tell me about yourself.  Where are you from?"
She sighed and sipped.  Once she sat the glass down, she said, "You know Konya?"
"I know it's on the other side of the world."
She nodded.  With a drawl and a dragged-out syllable, she said, "Yep."
"So what happened to make you flee your old life, your old upper-class ways," her eyes rolled toward him and locked on, "your old career, to go halfway 'round the planet and dig for coal?"
"What makes you say I used to be gentry?"
"You're a doc, for one."
"Not all docs are.  Look at Derci."
"True, but I can't think of any coalmen who drink ambrosia."  She glanced at her drink and then looked at him again.  "And like I said, I ain't buyin' the accent."
With each sentence, more of her accent and inflections shifted until, finally, she was speaking naturally without any false affect, "Alright.  I was a surgeon for a bit in Konya.  I didn't care for it much, but it paid better.  My drinking habits didn't begin when I arrived in Lothian," she tapped her fingernails on the glass, "and, one day, I killed a man on the table.  He bled out and there was nothing anyone could do."  
"So why come here?"
"I was sought after, you understand.  It's not likely that they would think to check a roster of coalminers."
"True."
"And you understand why I wouldn't want to be involved in any medical endeavors at this time, lest the authorities become aware of my presence."
"Your secret is secure with me, but let me explain what I'm lookin' for."  She didn't give him permission to speak; she simply drank more of the ambrosia.  "You heard about the Maugiers?  Up at Garvald?"
She nodded.  "He went holesick?"
"Not any kinda holesick I've seen before."
"Mm."
"I talked to the constable and she says they've seen more cases of violent behavior.  Assaults and the like.  Suicides and murders, too.  All within the last few years."
Gile put her glass down.  "Yeah?"
"Now, the constable's got a list.  She's got records of these violent people and such.  I went to Doc Derci's to find records but," he shrugged, "he doesn't have the time to be a researcher.  You see," he leaned onto the table, "I don't need a doctor, really.  I just need someone with a doctor's knowledge to look at the files and make connections.  I think you'd fill the spot."
She sighed and rotated her glass.  "I don't think so."
Barret shook his head.  "I've got a feelin' about these files and this place.  And you."  He tapped the table and said, "I get these feelings sometimes.  When I dug coal, they called me 'Lucky' 'cause I just knew when somethin' was about to go sideways.  Saved my life, too.  I was diggin' shine in Dewar and I just had that feelin'," he pointed to the back of his head, "like there was a change in the air, like before a storm comes, you know?  I pulled Cooper along with me and we ran and then the walls caved in.  Couldn't save Old Charley, but we lived."
She stared at him.  "Cooper Reddy?"  He nodded.  "You saved his life?"
"I did."
She nodded and sat up straight.  She pushed the glass away and said, "Tell me about your feeling on these files."
Ganika was stunned at the shift in her demeanor.  After a moment, he took a deep breath and said, "I think there are connections between the increase in crimes the constable has records for and the files Doc Derci has.  The doc says Maugier and other people came to him because of 'dark thoughts,' and I have to think there's a connection.  I don't know what it is, exactly."
Kula nodded.  "Are you looking for a cause for the violence?"
"That'd be mighty nice, if you could find one."
She smiled for a brief second and looked down, almost shamefully.  "I always liked playing detective, but as a doctor.  You come in because your side hurts and then I have to determine why.  Do you have bruised ribs?  Lung infection?  Pulled muscle?  Inflamed appendix?  Gall bladder?  Gastro distress?  A tumor somewhere, anywhere, in the region?  You look and test and look again until you narrow it down.  Yeah, I like that."
"Well," he grinned, "this sounds like it's in your shed."
A cloud descended on her again.  "I can't."
"No, no.  I will pay you myself, in coin.  Your name won't appear on any Company page with the word 'doctor' or 'medical,' alright?"
"What about my shift?"
"Which mine do you work?"
"Blackhope Shaft Eight."
"I'll send a message to your foreman and over-foreman and tell them I've requisitioned you for other work.  And you can return to them when I'm finished."
Slowly, she began to nod.  "Alright."
"Here."  He took out a piece of paper and began to write a note.  "This is for Constable Sayar.  Tomorrow morning, first thing, take this to her and she'll give you the records she has.  Then go to Doc Derci.  He's expecting you."
"He is?"
"Well, he might be surprised that I managed to persuade you, but he said you could use his files.  When you've got both, come to the Company administration building.  You'll work out of my office there."  She grunted and shook her head.  "Or I could just book the hotel room next to mine?"
"That will do."
He stood and picked up his hat.  "Thanks, doc."
She seemed pained again.  "Just Gile."
"Alright, Gile.  See you tomorrow."
She raised her glass in toast and downed the rest.
XIV
REDDY
1,474 Years After Colonization

Shaft Twelve was wide mouthed and ran deep under Garvald Mountain.  There were two rails to transport people and equipment in and ore out.  Cooper's twelve hours were up and he sat on top of the iron cart as it was winched out of the hole.
Seeing the blinding day come near, he pressed his dirty palms against his eyes and waited.  When the cart emerged, the sun's light reached even under the meat of his hands and stabbed at his retinas.  Slowly, he retracted his palms but kept his eyelids closed.  The world was glowing red-orange as the sun shone through the thin flesh of his lids.  Finally, he opened them and blinked in the sun once the cart came to a stop.
"Thank Vulcan."
He jumped off the pile of ore and grunted when he stood straight.  After a brief visit to the cold, communal showers, he emerged and saw his protégé come toward him, a leather bag slung around himself.  "Mr. Reddy."
"Afternoon, Hob."  The fourteen-year-old opened his mouth to speak and Cooper raised a finger.  "As is my custom, I should like a cigarette before we commence with the evening's business."
"Yessir."  At the ready, Hob presented a pre-rolled white cylinder which Reddy took and placed into his mouth.  Quickly, the shorter boy raised a small lantern and Cooper jutted the cigarette into its flame.
After a few long puffs, he said, "Now.  What is first on the agenda?"
The pair began to walk and Hob replaced the lantern in its holder on a short post.  "Mr. Iyer from the House of Priapus."
"Not the most original name for a brothel."  They left the loading zone and started down the path to the base of the mountain.  "And after the esteemed Mr. Iyer?"
"Some workers from the new shafts at Blackhope."
"Excellent."  The walk along the winding road was slow and loud as large horse-drawn carts and motorized vehicles carried rocks down the mountain.  Finally, the main landing zone was below them as was the workers' meeting hall.  The long metal warehouse served as his office, of a sort.  There he held court before whomever gathered to see or hear him.  Some petitioned him.  As someone who could speak to the powerful and bring goods into this small community, among other things, he was a sought-after man.
A dozen or so stood around outside of the meeting hall, chatting.  A burly man was by the door.  He nodded at both Hob and Cooper and mumbled, "Iyer's inside."
At that moment, he finished as much of the cigarette as he could without burning his fingers.  He exhaled the last plume of smoke and then flicked the smoldering centimeter of fumarella away.  "Obliged, Dak."
The blue door opened and Reddy entered.  The hall was cavernous and the floor was empty, save for pallets of hundreds of folded wooden chairs.  A pair of chairs was placed just before the platform at the near end.  A man with slicked-back hair was sitting there and a woman stood behind him.  They were both fancily dressed, but there was something off-putting about her that Cooper could not yet identify.
"Mr. Iyer," he said as he approached, "it is a pleasure to see you again."
"Mr. Reddy."  They shook hands.  "I apologize that we must meet under such circumstances."
"Have a seat.  Hob," as he sat, he faced the young man, "fetch us a bottle and two glasses.  That is, unless your friend will join us?"
"No," Iyer shook his head, "Nira will not be participating."
"I understand."  He stared at the woman and sized her up.  Defined forearms and biceps, a pair of suspicious lumps at the waist of her bustle.  She's the protection.
Hob handed the glasses to both men and poured generously.  "To the good times," Iyer said.
"Good times."  They both drank a little and held the glasses in their laps.  "As to the purpose of our visit."  Iyer inhaled loudly through his nose and nodded.  "I understand that you are no longer acceptin' Company scrip as a form of payment for the services of the men and women in your employ."
"Forgive me, Mr. Reddy, but that is not so."
"By all means.  Correct me."
Iyer stretched his neck and said, "I am accepting scrip as payment at a rate of five-per-coin."
Cooper smiled and crossed his legs.  "Ah.  You see where I made my error then, do you not?  At such an exchange, you may as well not be acceptin' scrip at all."
Nervously, Iyer chuckled.  "It's not as bad as all that."
Reddy's grin immediately faded.  "Now, Mr. Iyer, I assume that your establishment has seen a precipitous decline in patronage since you implemented this exchange rate?"
"It has."
"As most of the residents of Lothian are not paid in silver coin, does this surprise you?"
"No."  Eagerly, he leaned forward, "But, you see, I have superiors, too, Mr. Reddy."
"Do you now?"  He glanced at Hob and then at Nira.  "I have not heard this."
"I do.  My employers in Hades have made it clear that I am to send my percentages to them.  Without fail.  And they do not take Company scrip."
"If I might ask, Mr. Iyer," the well-dressed man nodded, "how have you managed to give your superiors their due for the last three years?  I would suspect that most of your clients have been unable to pay for your services in artha since the scrip issuances began."
"You are correct, Mr. Reddy.  I am loath to give a name," he glanced around the empty hall, "but I have a customer who works at a Company bank."
Cooper smiled.  "I see."
"She was able to give me coin for scrip in exchange for time with my boys, but as the scrip crisis has continued, her willingness to aid me has waned."  Iyer's voice softened, "The desire of my superiors for their payments, however has not."
"If these are the sorts of people I suspect they are, then I now grasp your dilemma."
"Yes, Mr. Reddy."
"Well.  I shall speak frankly with you."
"I appreciate that."
"You and your people are not paid directly by the Company, yet you are, after a fashion, employees of the Company.  What you earn comes from the wages hard-earned by the men and women of the Delta Exploratory Company.  Now, the Company has seen fit to curse their own people with the trap of scrip.  We can only spend it here at Company-approved venues and you have, kindly, accepted it as well.  I say all of this to put you at ease, Mr. Iyer.  I consider you workers.  I consider you part of my family."
Iyer nodded and seemed to relax.  "Thank you, Mr. Reddy.  I know how highly you regard the workers."
"Indeed I do.  Rumors continue to fly that, soon, Lothian will be recognized as an independent city by the government, which means we'll be real, legal people who can vote and have elected leaders.  Such a thing may prove good for our predicament and remove some of the strangle that the Company puts on us.  As of now, however, I have no vault of artha coins, ready to exchange for scrip.  If I had, I would hardly be spendin' so many of my days in the hole.  However, I do have a name and a location."  He reached toward Hob and he responded with a small notepad and pencil.  "You are aware of the trade system I have in place?"
"I am, Mr. Reddy.  I have taken advantage of it from time to time myself."
Cooper looked up and smiled.  "You have.  I nearly forgot."  He wrote a little more.  "I am providin' you with the name of my contact in Sopar.  Now, Sopar is a town with a Company presence but the Company does not run the town.  This woman is goodly enough to take my scrip in exchange for goods at a rate far more fair than five-per.  I cannot speak to her willingness to exchange scrip for coin, but I am certain you two might be able to arrange somethin' mutually agreeable."  
He stretched his arm toward Iyer and Iyer took the slip of paper.  He glanced at it and immediately put it in his pocket.  "Thank you, Mr. Reddy.  Truly."
"Of course."
"I shall travel to Sopar immediately."
"I am so glad that I could help."  When Iyer stood, Cooper said, "In the meantime, however, I think it only right that you reduce the exchange rate from five-per back down to two, as it was for quite awhile."
Iyer's eyes narrowed and he blinked in surprise.  "I … don't understand."
"Come now, Mr. Iyer."  Cooper stood, too, and held the remainder of his bourbon close to his chest.  "You provide a valuable service to the community.  A service that the community has been unable to avail themselves of for nigh on a week now."  He stepped closer and his volume lowered.  "Do you not understand that the … frustrations and energies of your prospective clientele have gone unspent?  They swell in hundreds of men and women who seek an outlet.  Your policy has denied them their preferred means of release, so how long before you think they turn their ire upon you, Mr. Iyer?"  Reddy smiled a little at the homophone.
The brothel owner glanced at Nira.  She was staring at Hob who was staring at her, as well.  "How long will it take to travel to Sopar?"
"A few days with a good horse.  Much less if you have an auto, which, I'm guessin', you may."  Iyer swallowed hard and looked to the ground.  "Your whores have made do with scrip for three years now.  They can make do for a few more days.  And, assumin' your trip to Sopar is fruitful, they will continue to make do with scrip."  He raised a single finger, "At two-per."
He nodded.  "Very well."
Cooper beamed and raised his glass.  "Excellent!  Let's drink on it."  To seal the deal, according to tradition, they finished the drink they began at the start of negotiations.  Hob ducked closer and took Iyer's and Reddy's glasses.  "Now you have a safe trip to Sopar, you hear?"
Iyer only nodded and both he and Nira walked in silence to the exit.  Once the door slammed shut, Hob asked, "Should I let the people in?"
"Allow me a moment to revel in my victory, Hob."
"Sorry, sir."
"It's alright.  Now hand me that bottle and glass again."  As the teen did so, he asked, "How many of them outside are the new muckers from Blackhope?"
"I think only four or five."
"Hmm."  He poured more of the bourbon and immediately downed it.  He huffed and coughed as he pointed to the nearest pallet of folded chairs, "Bring a few more over and get them in here."
"Yessir."
He poured himself another glass and sipped it now.  The day's work in the shaft was taxing on him physically.  Mentally, too, but Cooper wasn't likely to admit that.  He would, though, admit that his evening work striking deals among the workers or between businesses and the workers was very definitely mentally taxing.
As he unfolded chairs, Hob asked, "Mr. Reddy, why do you use such big words?"
"What do you mean?"
Hob paused and recalled, "'A precipitous decline in patronage.'  Such as that."
"Ah."  He sat in his chair and sipped again.  "It seems I have another lesson to impart to you, Hob."  After he unfolded the last chair, the boy sat down and leaned forward, eagerly.  "This may come as a shock to you, but the prabhos think we are uneducated."  Hob nodded.  "I take great pains to choose my vocabulary carefully to show them that I am definitely not some dumb mucker, and that I am, in fact, well read."
"And that's why you don't curse much either?"
"That is true.  A foul mouth distracts from the message."
"What books should I read?"
"I have quite a few that I am willing to lend you.  Remind me later and I shall curate a selection."
"Thank you."  He stood and looked at a woman who limped toward them.  "Can I help you?"
Reddy turned and smiled.  "Hello there, Bartley."
Her clothes were clean, but the skin of her cheeks and forearms seemed stained with a dark dust.  "Cooper."
"Please, have a seat.  Are you workin' at Blackhope now?"
"I am not."  She grunted as she sat and she extended her leg outward.  "I'm sorry to intrude, but I have some news you will want to hear."
"I see.  Hob, pour my friend here a drink and ask the new Blackhope muckers to abide a while longer."
"Yessir."  After her glass was filled, he walked to the door and spoke to the men and women who congregated there.
"How are you, Bartley?"
"So as to be about," she pointed at the leg, "barely."
"I see that.  I heard about the fall.  Nothing terribly serious, I hope."
"It's broken but not bad.  I'm close with my compeer and foreman.  They're coverin' for me 'til I can get back in the hole so's I don't lose my job."
"That's good.  Later, tell me their names so I can reward them for their service to their fellow workers."
"I will do that.  Thank you."  She sipped the drink and began, "Yesterday, when I was at the doc gettin' this tended to, I spied that new big prabho.  The tall one with the hat."
Cooper grinned.  "Barret Ganika."  Bartley nodded.  "Now, I pray that you will mind your words, 'cause Barret and me dug shine together some years ago.  The Company offered him a hand out of the hole and he took it.  He may be a prabho, but he has been us and he has an understandin' of our lives that most of the masters don't have."
"I have nothin' to say against him.  I only knew him to be a Company man and I was curious as to why he was at the doc's when he didn't look noways injured."
"Alright.  Carry on then."
"I asked after him with one of the nurses who aided me.  She said he was there on business regardin' the Maugiers."
Reddy tilted his head.  "The Maugiers?"
"Yessir.  The nurse was a bit of a clatterfart, so I pressed her further.  She said the doc told her that he was lookin' for other people who had been to the doctor to see what connection they may have to constable records.  The doc said he didn't know if Ru Maugier was holesick or what, but they were lookin' to see if other people might have the same thing."
"People who have been violent enough to warrant a visit by a constable?"
"I suppose so."
He thought for a moment as he tried to piece it all together.  "What does this mean?"  He sipped his drink and then said, "Is this why Tru Naman killed herself and her husband a while back?"
"I don't know."
"I swear, Bartley, I been to more funerals here in the last year than I have in all my decades in Lothian.  I thought … it just seemed that way.  That my perspective had changed.  I thought we hit a patch of crazy."  Cooper leaned forward and braced his elbows on his knees.  "Just to be clear, a Company under-manager is lookin' at both medical records and constable records to see if there's more to recent violent incidents than it may appear."
"I think that sounds correct."
"A Company man don't waste his time on rumor.  On a hunch."  He stood and paced a little.  "Might this be an illness?  A new kind of holesick?  A violent one at that."  After another moment of thought, Reddy looked down at her and offered his hand.  "Bartley, thank you for bringing this to my attention."
She drank the rest of the bourbon and stood with a slight stumble.  "You're welcome, Cooper."
"Now you go home and convalesce.  Let me and your fellow workers help you out."
"Billie Kanten and Mo Craft; my compeer and foreman."
He tapped the side of his head.  "I shall remember."
"Thank you again."
As she limped away, Hob returned and asked, "What was that about?"
Reddy was staring at the ceiling of the meeting hall.  Finally, he smiled and said, "Are you familiar with the old saying, 'The feather that broke the mule's back?'"
"Yessir."
"I want some more details, but I believe my old friend Barret just gave it to us."
XV
MILTON
1,475 Years After Colonization

Otger stood at the base of the mountain and looked up.  Three peaks dominated his view, but the side of the nearest one was bare.  The trees that had covered it were mostly gone.  Chopped down and carted away to use to stoke fires or build the buildings at this project site.  Milton didn't care about the trees, though.
He stared at the shape of the near mountain.  East Peak, it was called in his project.  It had a classic mountain shape, except for the right angle that had been demolished and removed from the north side of it.  From this position, the manager could clearly see the geometric bite that DECo took and he marveled at it.
Weeks ago, Barret Ganika said such a thing was an abomination.  Here, in its presence, Otger couldn't disagree more.  In just six or so months, the Project managed to remove almost half of the entire peak.  With this he beheld evidence of the power of mankind.  I did that.  Even a mountain, one of the largest and greatest structures in all creation, had to bend to his will.  
"Was there anything in the surface terrain or top to be salvaged?" he asked.
"No, sir," the over-foreman said.  "Just sandstone, granite, and the like.  A few small coal veins."
"Good.  How much of the main deposit has been exposed so far?"
She looked at the mountain and said, "According to the surveys, less than half.  We're another week away before we can begin extraction and continue demolition."
"Mr. Milton!" someone on a far hill yelled.  "Message!"
"That's the foreman's hut," the over-foreman said.
They walked up the slope toward the new wooden building.  As they walked, the manager looked around at what constituted his Peaks Project thus far.  Fresh and new structures and paths.  More substantial work already underway.  Holding pens for the spoils and slurry were being built.  Sorting and washing zones for the coal.  For more than a year, his project operated in secret and without approval from superiors.  DECo's main board kept putting him off so he went ahead on his own.  And when DECo finally got around to his proposal, they sent that mucker Barret Ganika?  No, he would have clear results to show the over-managers the project's potential.  Or he'd be fired.  He knew that was the risk.
When they came up the path, Otger saw a dirty man holding an envelope.  The man extended his arm and said, "Mr. Milton?  A messenger brung this by auto a few minutes past."
Milton looked at the foremen gathered around him.  "I should make stringing communications lines up here a higher priority."  They laughed and wandered away as he opened the envelope and read.
The message was short and his eyes skimmed along most of it.  They came to rest on a single word that caused him to hold his breath.  "'Stoppage.'"
"I must return to Lothian now."
The over-foreman spoke to him, but he didn't hear her, nor did he reply.  He stalked toward his waiting vehicle.  Once he sat inside, he looked toward the front and said, "Take me back.  As fast as you can."
"Yessir."
The ride was rough on the ungraded road.  When he wasn't thinking about how to brace himself against the side of the vehicle's door so his head didn't strike the ceiling, he was thinking about the cause.  It has to be the longer hours.
A long, rough, and silent ride later, the driver said, "Sir?"
The vehicle slowed and Otger looked out the front windows.  He saw the streets of Lothian crowded with people.  Hundreds if not thousands were before him and the vehicle slowly crawled down the path.  Finally, people began banging on the hood and roof.  It rocked side to side and Otger yelled, "Drive through them!"
The driver gripped the wheel tighter and revved the engine a few times.  Several people jumped off the vehicle and tried to clear out.  When he finally accelerated, several people were knocked aside and one rolled up onto the hood, cracking the windshield with his back.  The vehicle turned a corner and found another crowded street.  With some space before them, the driver sped up and hundreds of people managed clear out.  After another turn, they found themselves on the main street of Lothian and in front of the administration building.  Twelve or so constables were standing guard outside of it with rifles in their hands.  They were angrily staring down the workers that surged near them after the vehicle came to a stop.
Milton's door was pulled open and Constable Sayar reached inside.  "Quickly!"
The roar of yelling workers and families was deafening.  He took her hand and she pulled him out and away.  Once they were on the wooden walkway of the main Company building, the other constables closed ranks and blocked the crowd from advancing further.  In shock and fear, he looked at them and saw hundreds of angry faces.
Sayar brought him into the building and found the lobby full of various Company employees.  Foremen, Company store managers, bankers, board members … nearly all of them were staring wide-eyed at the raucous crowd.  
The manager turned to look at everyone around him.  "Over-foremen, the board," he pointed at Sayar, "constable.  Come with me."
They walked upstairs and into the manager's office. The board sat at the table, but everyone else remained standing at the periphery.  Even with the doors and windows closed, the noise of the crowd permeated the room.  Otger turned and spied a tall figure wearing a hat.  "I don't recall inviting you."
Ganika said, "I don't recall needing an invitation."
Milton flexed his jaw and looked at the constable.  "Why aren't you doing more?"
Eda's eyebrows flew up and she shook her head.  "Sir, this is a town of fifteen thousand and the Company has seen fit to grant me a constabulary of only forty-five men and women.  The majority of them are downstairs now and the rest are at the banks."
Since the bankers couldn't exchange scrip for coin, they frequently drew the anger of the workers.  They primarily serviced the wealthy few of the town's residents or exchanged scrip denominations.  "The banks have vaults and the silver should be locked inside.  Withdraw the constables from there to here."
"I wouldn't do that," Barret interjected.
Otger and pounded the table.  "Why the frak not?"
"Quite a few of the upset citizenry are shotfires, you know.  They are experts with explosives and they have access to them.  The vaults wouldn't stay locked for long."
Milton huffed and turned in his chair to face the line of over-foremen.  "Why is this happening?  Why now?"  Most of them averted their eyes or looked down.  A few looked at each other.  "Speak up!"
"Mr. Milton," one older woman began, "a great deal of it is because of the scrip situation."
"That's nothing new," he shook his head.
"It's three years old now, sir," the woman said.  "Folks are tired of it.  Tired of dealin' with the stores."
"They get food.  They get the necessities.  They've already got homes that we built!"
Ganika shook his head and stepped forward.  "You're not just not payin' them.  You've taken away their hope."
"What are you talking about?"
"For the average mucker, they harbor a hope of gettin' out from under the Company one day.  They save up their artha so they can move away.  But for three years now, you've made it so they can't do that."
Otger shook his head and he prepared to rebut the under-manager, but another over-foreman spoke up.  "It's not just the scrip, sirs.  It's the new directives.  The longer shifts on fewer days."  Several other foremen nodded in agreement.
"You know why this was done."
The mustachioed man replied, "Yessir, I do.  Don't change how people feel about it, though."
"And the firings."  Todd Mistry looked at the foremen around him and one slapped his back.  "We're forced to fire people who get hurt on the job and miss more than one shift.  Or people who get sick …"
"Yes, yes!"  The manager paused and took a deep breath.  "You all know why this is.  Lothian is losing money and this will certainly not help matters."
"That's not all," another person said.  "It's the fear of the new holesickness."
Milton shook his head and looked quizzically at the group of people, since he didn't know who spoke.  "What 'new holesickness?'"
Ganika straightened and sighed.  He was looking at the floor and he said, "Yeah.  I think I know somethin' about that."
"What?"
"The Maguier family.  Last month, the father what hopped the cart and killed his wife, baby, and a couple others?  I've been looking to see if there's a connection."
"A connection to what?"
"Checkin' medical records and constable records.  Lookin' at violent crime in Lothian to see if there might be a medical explanation."  He shrugged, "I guess my asking the questions got out and now the rumor mill has churned out this 'new holesickness' thing."
Milton pointed at the window, "You will go out there and announce that there's no such thing …"
"I can't do that."
"Why not?"
"Because I don't know that.  We're still looking into it."
"Who's 'we?'"
"Me.  I'm still lookin' into it."
The manager closed his eyes and balled his hands into fists.  After he crammed them into his sockets he exhaled loudly and said, "Constable, call our nearby sister communities.  Call Sopar and Cuttack, too.  Ask them to send anyone they can spare our way."
"Yessir."
He turned his chair again and looked at his desk.  "Are the commwires still up?"
"Yessir."
"I'm going to call Mangala and ask that they prepare to send a detachment of soldiers."
Barret squinted.  "Are you sure you wanna do that?"
"What choice do we have?  Ten thousand people are outside calling for our heads."
Ganika walked around the table as he spoke, "The Company's commandment is that our mining towns aren't to ask for a damned thing from the government.  Doing so invites not only government scrutiny but it also opens the door to absorption."  He stopped in front of the manager and said, "Say you get a general or such on the phone.  What are you gonna do if they agree to your request for men, but only if you allow Lothian to be incorporated as an independent city, free of the Company?"
It was one of Milton's greatest fears: losing Lothian.  If Lothian became independent from DECo, that would mean a greater loss in revenue because more would have to be collected in various taxes to the government instead of the simple flat fees the Company paid on their behalf now.  Greater regulations would be imposed.  Infrastructure would have to be improved.  Scrutiny over labor practices, housing, schools, and the like.  If he invited the government in and lost Lothian as a result, his career – his life – would be over.
He sighed and said, softly, "We shall forge that stream when we come to it."
XVI
BRIGSTOW
1,475 Years After Colonization

Captain Varmana Brigstow sat in the front of the truck that wound through the hillside roads along the south side of the Ereban Mountains.  She saw simple signs posted along the way marking the distance to Lothian or other Delta mining communities.
"Not much here, captain," the driver said.
She shook her head.  "Just mining."
When their vehicle came down a hillside, there was a plume of smoke in the distance.  It was dark and rose high, bending toward the south as winds off the mountains took it.  After a few more minutes, they came upon a valley filled with wooden buildings and mining structures with metal roofs.  Now she could see that there were several fires and she could see streets crowded with people, many of whom were surrounding some of the taller buildings.
"Stop there, at that intersection."
"Yes, captain."
The trucks rocked to a halt and the men and women of Gamma Company, Fifth Battalion, disembarked.  Immediately, they formed lines, all of them wearing their gray jackets and dark green pants.  The majority carried rifles with long knives at their sides.  Combat engineers and other specialty soldiers remained at the rear.
"Sappers," Brigstow called out.  A lieutenant stepped forward.  "See to those fires.  Fourth Troop, accompany.  Protect yourselves, but do not engage the locals."
"Yes, sir."
Varmana faced the remainder of her soldiers.  She had served with them for some time and she had no doubts as to their abilities or their loyalty.  This situation, though, was different than some of the fighting they'd had to do before.
"Our orders have not changed.  We will march into town and make our presence known.  We will go weapons ready only at my command.  Understood?"
They all answered, "Yes sir!"
"Move out."
Nearly two hundred soldiers marching down the dirt path to Lothian made a distinctive noise that carried.  The engineers and the platoon that accompanied them were farther ahead, but the mass of armed men and women who now bore down on the administration area of the town caught the attention of those who scuffled in the streets.  Many of the citizens fled at the sight while the rest backed away and away until a few dozen brawlers were left exposed at the center of town before the Company's main building.
She scanned the crowds and saw their confusion and fear.  "Barricade!"
The lines of her soldiers fanned out and they moved in waves across the front of the administration building.  At this point, even those who fought in the dirt street took notice and they staggered away from one another, bleeding and limping.
Brigstow stood on the wood-paneled walkway outside the building, behind the lines of her soldiers who faced out toward the crowds.  The doors to the lobby flew open and an older man emerged in a suit.  "Thank the gods you've come.  I'm Otger Milton."
"Mr. Milton."  She didn't take her eyes off the people in the street.  "Perhaps you should wait inside until we are secure outside."
"Is this how it's gonna be?"  A tall man with a cragged, worn face and dark hair stepped out of the crowd.  He walked in front of the soldiers and scanned them up and down.  "Your thugs haven't put enough of a beatin' on us, you gotta call in the troops?"
"Just go home!" Milton said.
"Please, sir," Brigstow said.  "The situation is under control."
"Well, now, Mr. Milton," the tall man smiled and walked a little closer, "I think it's mighty curious that you've chosen this path.  Callin' in the federals.  Doesn't that open Lothian up to change?"  Many in the crowd nodded and shouted their agreement.  "Why, if you ain't careful, we might get the right to vote!  We might can elect our own leaders and vote the Company out!  Is that what you want, Mr. Milton?  The government don't send their people in if there ain't a vested interest."
Varmana squinted at him and whispered, "Who is that?"
"Cooper Reddy."  It was a new voice and she turned to see a tall, handsome man under a wide-brimmed hat.  "If there's a ringleader for this here circus, he's likely it."
This was too soft for Reddy to hear, so he continued to taunt Milton.  "Surely, you weighed all the possibilities before you sent a message to your friends at the capital?  You've broken out your scales and measured the likelihood of losin' Lothian to the government for their support, put against the likelihood that we're gonna burn it all down?"  The people in the crowd cheered and became raucous again.  Brigstow straightened up and held her breath.  Cooper walked right up to the line of soldiers and stared into the eyes of one man.  "Tell me, sergeant.  How many men have you killed?"
Without breaking attention or looking at him, the sergeant answered, "More than a couple.  Less than a lot."  Reddy nodded and backed away.
Brigstow put her hand on the soldier in front of her and he stepped aside.  She moved forward and spoke loudly, "I am Captain Varmana Brigstow of the National Army of Cancer.  We have been dispatched to secure this town.  The fires are being extinguished as we speak.  Please, go to your homes.  There is no need for further violence."
"She speaks true," Cooper said.  He turned and looked at the people of Lothian, "We've had our say, with both words and deeds."  He glanced back at the captain, "But tomorrow is another day."  With that, he walked through the crowd and the hundreds of people began to separate and wander off.
Varmana sighed and turned to see Milton and other Delta officials behind her.  "Inside.  Now."  She faced her lieutenant and said, "Hold the barricade."
"Yes, sir."
In the lobby of the administration building, dozens were gathered.  She looked at the tall man in the hat and asked, "Who are you?"
"Barret Ganika, captain.  I'm with the Company out of Mangala, but I used to live here, so I have some knowledge of the people and their ways."
She faced Otger and said, "Mr. Milton, if I say, 'Go inside,' I mean, 'Go inside.'  Is that understood?"
He nodded quickly.  "Yes, ma'am."
She glared at him and corrected, "Captain."
"Captain."
"Are you aware of the limitations placed on me?"
Milton nodded again.  "I am, captain."
She scanned the crowd of Company officials and said, "You have likely just seen the limit of what my orders allow me to do here.  We are here to show the flag and put some fear in them, but it appears as though your Mr. Reddy is astute enough to see beyond that."
"Yeah," Ganika said, "he's a smart one."
Lothian's manager seemed exasperated and held his arms out from himself.  "Is there nothing else you might do?"
"I have my sappers tending to your fires.  Emergencies of that nature, we can aid you."
"But what about tomorrow?  You heard him say …"
"I did, Mr. Milton, but that is not my concern.  This town is governed by Delta and not by the federal government.  It is up to your company."
"She's right," Barret said.  "I guess you'll have to truck in some more thugs, prisoners, and other hired guns."
Otger glared at him and barked, "They were protecting us!"
"They were getting into fights when none needed to be had.  The fires started only after they came.  And they were shooting into crowds, as wild as you please."
Brigstow faced him.  "There were shootings?"
"Yes," Ganika said, "but as soon as they did, I pulled rank on him and sent them packin'.  I've no idea of the injuries.  The doc's building is outside of our particular sphere of influence."
"You are here, now!" the manager said.  He looked out the window at the line of soldiers.  "There are hundreds of you and you're all armed!"
"Mr. Milton," Varmana said, "if you desire a full confrontation between my soldiers and your workers," she shook her head, "simply put, that will require a different conversation between yourself and my superiors."
XVII
GANIKA
1,475 Years After Colonization

There was a knock at his door.
Barret's eyes popped open and he stared at the intricate swirled plaster on the ceiling of his hotel room lit by the faint light from his windows.  He slowly, quietly, got out of bed and stepped to the door.  He cracked it, shielding his nakedness behind.
"Yeah?"
"Barret."
He blinked a few times.  "Gile."
"I'm finished."
He blinked again and forced his eyes open.  He could see that she was wide awake and nearly giddy.  "'Finished?'  Seriously?"
"Yeah.  Get the constable and whoever else, um, Mr. Milton …"
"Let's wait a minute on that."  He wiped his eyes and said, "The constable's in the hotel, though.  I'll find her and be at your door shortly."
The doctor smiled and nodded.  "Thank you."
Ganika pushed the door closed and leaned against it.  He took a deep breath and forced himself to walk away, back to the bed.
"Who was that?"
He bent over and picked up his clothes.  "The doctor.  Gile Kula."
"Oh?"  Eda sat up from under the covers and pulled her hair out of her face.
"She says she's finished."
She saw him dressing and decided to get dressed, too.  "How long has she been workin' on it?"
"About a month.  I thought it would take longer."
Sayar stood and buttoned her shirt.  "That tells me she definitely found something."
Barret paused with his foot halfway into a mining boot.  "I suppose so."  
The constable walked to the dresser and began combing her hair.  "Do you need anything to drink?"
"No."  He finished buttoning his shirt and tucked it into his pants.  "I'd rather meet with her first.  Dependin' on what she says, I might need something harder than coffee."
Eda chuckled and picked his hat off the dresser.  She walked across the room to him and placed it on his head.  He straightened it and she smiled before kissing him on the lips.  After he reciprocated, he cleared his throat and walked to the door.  Once in the hall, both of their demeanors changed.  Their smiles faded and they didn't stand so near each other.  
Ganika walked two doors down and knocked.  "It's me."
From within, he heard, "Come in."
They entered and saw a room filled with files, pages, books, and more.  Papers were tacked to the walls with dark black scribbling across them.  A map was nailed to the back of the room's door with circles drawn around various sections.  Diagrams of the brain and other parts of the body were placed in the frames of the mirrors and hotel's art.  The bed was covered with stacks of folders and a typeset machine sat atop the dresser.  There, Kula stood and struck the heavy keys, sending metal letters against thick paper.
"Um," the under-manager stretched his legs to step over arranged piles, "you remember the constable, Eda Sayar."
"Yeah.  Hello."
"Hello."  She jumped over a stack and then decided to lean against the wall.
"I didn't hear anything last night.  It's been quiet."
Sayar nodded.  "Since the army came last week, yes.  It has been."
"It's been a week?"  Gile turned and looked at them.  "So it's been a month now?"
"I think so," Barret said.  "What've you got?"
After a quick inhale and exhale, she clasped her hands in front of herself and said, "You were right.  There's a new kind of holesick."
Ganika sighed.  "Damn."
"I checked all the records the constable gave me against all the records from Doc Derci's that I was able to get before the unrest began.  There is a definite connection between the violence in Lothian and where the workers work."
Eda folded her arms across her chest.  "Keep talkin'."
"Ru Maugier."  She bent over and lifted a file from the floor.  "Before Lothian, he spent several years working the bauxite mines and processors in Sesseville."
"Bauxite?" Barret said.  "That's aluminium and gallium."
"Right, aluminium got my attention.  For the last three years, he's worked at Garvald in the newer shafts.  The newer shafts hit different veins and I tracked the ores …"
"How?" Sayar asked.
Without looking away, the under-manager said, "Tanney Burton gave me all the information on current shafts when I got to town."
"Oh."
The doctor continued, "Maugier worked in veins with all manner of ores, but the newer shafts have much higher concentrations of cinnabar …"
"Mercury and vermilion."
"Galena."
"Lead."  He was beginning to see the pattern.
"Ruby sulphur."
Ganika shook his head.  "Arsenic."
"Some shafts have found cassiterite and pyrolusite, too."
"Tin and manganese."  Barret lowered his head and stared at the floor.
"I'm just a constable," Eda said.  "You're gonna have to explain this."
He put his hands on his hips.  "The Company has long known that exposure to these metals and more, in concentrated forms, can have serious impacts on people's health.  Not just physical health, but mental health, too."
"Wait," Sayar said, "they know?"
"They know, but there's never been cause for worry."  He bit the inside of his cheek.  "They said, anyway."
"Well, what's changed?"  The constable looked at the doctor and then Ganika.  "Lothian was fine for years, but then it started getting bad a few years ago."
Kula shrugged.  "That I don't know."
Barret said, "I might.  Our processing equipment and procedures have gotten better.  Our processing has gotten better."
Gile tilted her head, "Better, meaning the metals are more refined?  More concentrated?"
"For the processin' side, absolutely, that'd be my guess, and they start the processin' right here.  Usually right outside the mouths of the shafts.  On the minin' side, I don't rightly know.  Still using pickaxes and hammers.  They still wet the shafts to cut down the dust."
The doctor laughed.  "They only do that once a day in Garvald."
Ganika's head whipped toward her.  "What?  Once a day?"
"Once a shift in the coal mines, like Blackhope, but yeah.  Once a day in the ore mines."
Now he was angry.  He ground his teeth and started to pace, paying little mind to the pages he stepped on.  
"Even once a shift isn't enough," Kula said.  "It needs to be a couple of times or more."
While Barret fumed, Eda looked at his back and asked, "So what do these metals do to you?"
"They affect the brain and how it works."  Gile picked up a page and ran her finger down the list.  "Depending on what you're exposed to, it could mean sleep issues and agitation, or memory loss, or suicidal and homicidal thoughts."
"Holy frak."
"Yep."  Kula tossed the page down.
"Given your attention to it," Ganika began, "I'm guessin' aluminium's the one to watch."
The doctor nodded.  "Suicidal and homicidal thoughts, but hallucinations to boot."
"Hallucinations," Sayar repeated.  "That explains a bit."
The under-manager looked at the doctor again, "Any other people in the constable's records that used to work with bauxite?"
"I found seven workers with constable records that I was able to connect to bauxite operations.  Three of them," she lifted up a sheet and read, "were Rutwa Maugier, Trudy Naman, and Judd Shay."
Eda's eyebrows raised and she looked at Barret.  "Naman was the murder-suicide.  Shay killed a man a month before that."
"That leaves four," Ganika said.
"One of which, Basina Izzet, killed herself eight months ago.  The other three have all been to see Doc Derci for severe headaches and the like.  One described, 'sick thinking,' during his visit, but Derci didn't seem to have a solution for that."
"But there's more than just aluminium to worry about, right?" Sayar asked.  "What about the people who didn't work with bauxite?"
Gile picked up another page.  "I've connected workers and the ores to a majority of violent crimes in Lothian.  Rapes, beatings, stabbings, suicides, … anything.  Sure, plenty of these people might just be assholes, but the work connects them all."
Barret cleared his throat.  "How many people's records did you have a chance to study?"
"Three hundred-twenty."
His eyes widened.  "Three-twenty?"
"Yes.  I could have made more connections, but I couldn't get to the doc's once the commotion started.  All in all, I'd say more than two-thirds of these violent crimes in the last few years were somehow influenced by exposures in the mines or processing."
Ganika nodded.  His eyes darted around the room and he felt like he needed to run away.  He started to walk toward the door and stopped when he saw the map.  Heat and anger flushed through him and he stood there, breathing heavily.
Sayar watched him and she asked Kula, "I know what the Company will say.  They'll say these people were balmy before they came to Lothian."
"Probably, and that's probably true for many of them, too."  Barret looked over his shoulder at her and she continued, "They may have had some kind of illness before, but we know exposure to these ores can exacerbate whatever conditions they already had."
He looked at the door again and the map.  There were circles drawn all over, but especially near Garvald and the other ore-producing mountains.  "The miners.  The workers.  They committed most of the crimes, right?"
"Yes.  They make up most of Lothian's population, so …"
"What about violent crimes committed by the families of the workers?"
"Yes.  I found a few examples of that, too."  Gile walked around him and stood by the door.  She pointed at the map and a series of boxes drawn on the upper right side.  "This is the main processing area for ores from Garvald, Carcant, and Borthwick."  Her finger drifted down a little to a pair of circles.  "This is the nearest neighborhood.  Two different assaults committed by two different teenagers less than a year apart.  And they're just four houses away from each other."
The constable squinted.  "You think it's because the homes are near the processing area?"
"Yes, and I'd say it's the lead.  Lead can stunt the development of young brains.  It might be in the air or in the water."  She then pointed to other nearby circles.  "These are the homes of workers who were also in the constable's records."
Ganika took off his hat and ran his hand through his hair.  "Could be lead.  Or it might be somethin' brand new.  Somethin' we don't even recognize."
"That's possible."
He sniffed and wiped his scruffy beard.  "Alright.  Do you have this in a report for me?"
She started to walk back to her typeset machine.  "I'm almost finished."
"Good.  When you're finished, give it to me.  Then, I'm gonna need you to type up another one.  Just a couple of pages, but make it … dumb.  Not many medical terms and the like."
Gile smiled and said, "For the prabhos?"
"Well, yes, but mostly to make it seem like I wrote it."
Kula nodded once and understood.  "Thank you, Barret."
He walked to the door and said, "I'll see about gettin' you more records.  I don't want you to stop yet."
"You've got it."
In the hallway, Eda stood beside him and looked into his face.  It was stony and inscrutable.  "What now?"
"Now," he looked up the hallway toward the stairs, "I wanna set up a meet with Cooper Reddy."

Hours later, both Sayar and Ganika departed the hotel and the lines of the army's protection.  
"Do you think you're really free to walk among the workers, Mr. Ganika?"
"Constable Sayar, I wouldn't say I feel free to.  It's just, … this place was home.  In a way, it still feels like home.  These are my people."
"Not anymore.  I've heard them call you 'prabho.'"
"Mm.  I know."
"They certainly don't care for the 'masters,'" she said.  "I get the impression that the masters don't care for you, either."
"Feelin's mutual."
She shook her head.  "How in the world did you get pulled out of the hole to become one of them?"
"I was workin' Dewar back then," he jabbed his thumb to the left at a mountain beside the still-active Garvald.  "After my shift one day, I was tellin' my foreman about an idea I had to make the off-loadin' and initial processin' quicker and easier.  He said, 'Don't be stupid.  Get back to work.'  I shrugged it off, but then I was grabbed on the arm by a prabho.  She was an under-manager who just happened to hear my idea."
"Really?"
"Yeah.  She said she liked it and wanted to know if I had more.  Bein' a cocky sum'bitch, I said, 'Yeah.'  So she took me to Lilly's, bought me a drink, and listened to me.  Half my ideas were shit.  I know that now, but she listened.  Then she offered me a job.  Her job, 'cause she was movin' up."
"Yeah?"
"Yeah.  I couldn't say 'yes' fast enough."
Eda laughed.  "I don't blame you."
"Well, they sure did."  He nodded toward the buildings.  They were being eyeballed from every home's window as they passed.  
"Did they take your ideas?  The ones that weren't shit?"
"A few.  The way processin' is done now at most Company zones was my idea.  Most of the rest never saw the light of day."  
"That's still good."
"Yeah.  Gave me a bit of pride.  Made me feel invested."
"What about now?"
"Now," he shook his head, "now I'm wonderin' if I'm not the cause of all this."  They rounded a corner and saw the loading zones by Garvald.  Dozens of workers lined both sides of the street.
"What is this?" the constable asked.
Barret sighed and said, "He promised me safe passage to the hall.  Let's keep goin'."
Withering glares met them as they went and the men and women grumbled at them.  They spat at the ground as they passed and others behind the gauntlet began to shout and jeer them.  Finally, as the long workers' meeting hall grew nearer, they could see the crowds both inside and outside of it.  The gauntlet collapsed behind them and followed as they entered the metal building.  The seats inside were all filled and hundreds of workers and their families stared at the pair.  Large men and women along the walls were holding sticks, bats, and guns.  
"Quiet, people!" Reddy shouted through the microphone on the stage.  "I promised my old friend, Under-Manager Barret Ganika, and the constable safe passage so he might speak his mind.  Quiet, now.  Let him pass."
The crowds parted but their curses and grumbling did not abate.  After the long walk to the stage, Ganika avoided the stairs and climbed onto the platform.
Cooper stepped away from the old microphone and shook his hand.  "Barret."
"I thought it'd just be us talkin'."  He glanced at the crowd while Sayar walked up the stairs behind him.  "Why the audience?"
"Because whatever the Company has to say to me can be said to all my people."  He made a grand bow and a flowing gesture to the microphone.  "Go ahead on."
As Barret stepped up to it, Reddy jumped off the platform and took a seat in the crowd.  Ganika smirked and scanned the room.  So many familiar faces.  Not that he knew them all, of course.  He recognized a few, but most looked like the people he knew as he grew up and worked here.  As alien as he felt now, he still felt like he knew these people.  Like they were his kin.
"I'm not here," he paused to get used to the sound of his voice booming through speakers, "to try and end things.  I don't have any orders from the Company as to what I'm supposed to say.  I just came to talk to Cooper," he gestured at him, "about what I found out and what I'd like to do about it."
The crowd never really went silent, but as he paused, they became loud again.  He decided to talk over them.
"I'm here about what you're callin' the 'new holesickness.'"  The audience became still.  "I'm here because I did some diggin' and," he took a deep breath, "I've found that it's true."
The workers erupted.  Thousands of people both inside and outside the hall began yelling and those who were seated leapt out of their chairs.  Barret glanced at Eda and he saw her concerned expression.  Reddy climbed atop his chair and began waving his arms and yelling.
"People!  Let him talk!  Let him talk!"  The clamor diminished.  "This here's a Company man sayin' what you want him to say!  He's speakin' true!  So let him say it!"  The crowd was still loud, but they mostly complied.
Ganika returned to the microphone.  "I've been speakin' with a doctor about the ores you dig and the effect they can have on the mind.  And I've been speakin' with the constable here about the rise in violent crimes in Lothian in the last few years.  Yes, I believe they are connected."  Many gasped.  "Yes, I think the metals from diggin' and processin' are makin' people do things they might not've done otherwise."
The chattering among themselves became louder.  Cooper stood again and shouted, "So what're you gonna do about it?"  Many nodded or shouted their agreements.
"Keep in mind, these are just my recommendations.  I'm an under-manager who oversees worker safety in part, so this is what I do.  It's up to the manager of Lothian to implement these changes."  
The people booed and jeered.  Reddy said, "Alright.  What do you want to do?"
"First off, the mines need to be wet down more than just once a day or once a shift.  We should hire more pumpers and sprayers to do it two or three times every shift."  Many of the workers in the audience nodded and some even clapped.  "That'll keep the dust down, but it won't be enough.  I think we need to redesign some of the equipment on the processin' lines and move some of those machines and storehouses away from the neighborhoods.  And I'm also gonna get the Company to issue masks to every worker in the loadin' and processin' zones so they don't breathe that stuff in."
Some looked at each other and one man yelled, "What if I don't wanna wear a mask?"
"Then you don't get to work.  This here's for your safety."  Grumbling returned.  "And I've seen the crime numbers.  It's for the safety of the people around you, too."
"Now hold on," Cooper said.  "I'm havin' a recollection."  He stood and smiled.  "Back in the hole, when we dug shine together, you used to wear a mask, didn't you?"
Ganika nodded.  "I did."
Reddy stood and began to walk toward the stage.  "Now, how did you come by that mask?  Did the Company give it to you?"
Barret knew what Cooper was trying to do.  "No.  I made it myself.  From an old shirt."
"Right, right."
"I soaked it in water from my canteen a couple of times a shift."
Reddy laughed and clapped his hands.  He turned and faced Ganika again, "That's why some of them called you 'Thirsty.'  You were always bummin' a sip from my canteen and everybody else's."
He chuckled and grinned at the memory.  "Yep.  That's right."
Cooper's smile faded and he said, free of emotion, "How did you know?"
"How did I know what?"
"Back then.  Twenty years ago.  How did you know about the dust?"
"I didn't."
"The Company didn't tell you?"
"No."  He shook his head and put his hands on his waist.  "I have eyes, Coop.  When you're in the hole and the crankers kept it steady and the sprayers hadn't been by in a while, you look in the light.  The dust just … hangs there like it's tied to string or somethin'.  Sometimes it glittered like little jewels.  Sometimes it smelled.  But the dust, I knew I didn't want to breathe it."
A woman on the far side of the room stood and yelled, "And these masks will keep it out?"
"They'll do a damned sight better than my shirt, ma'am."  Barret then faced Reddy.  The older man was still and he simply stared.  "The other suggestion I'll make is that workers be rotated out of the shafts they're workin' every year or so.  That way, their exposure to the different metals won't be so concentrated.  Same goes for processin'."  The workers groaned and called out again.  "Now, I know lots of you like to work where you've always worked.  My aim is to keep compeers together and teams together as best we can.  But … if you're workin' a shaft full of galena or cinnabar, that's lead and mercury, and that shit'll frak up your head."  He glanced down and saw the shocked expression of a woman there.  "Pardon me.  You don't want to stay exposed to that for any longer than you have to."
Someone yelled from the right side, "Maybe we don't wanna be exposed to it at all!"
"I understand."  The crowd grew raucous again.  "Really, I do.  But the work has to be done and you want to work, right?"  Grumbling.  "Now, I came to speak to Coop before I've even talked to anyone else in the Company.  You understand?  You folks know the truth about this place before even the manager or any prabho around me or above me.  I wanted to tell you and I wanted to tell you that we're workin' on things to make it better."  The audience was quiet.  "Thank you for your time."
Reddy walked to the platform and climbed up.  He got behind the microphone and said, "Thank you for comin', Barret, and thank you, everyone, for comin', too.  You've given us all a great deal to think about."  Ganika nodded and walked to Sayar who simply sighed in relief.  "Well, Barret, I'd say that went rather well."
"Actually, I would have to agree."
"Good."  Cooper walked off the stage and waved for them to follow.  "I'ma buy you a drink."
Ganika hesitated and then said, "I'm obliged."
They followed him out of the worker's hall and through the crowded streets toward Lilly's.  Along the way, people who were at the meeting passed him by without spitting this time.  Some still glared at him or frowned at him, but he could handle that.
After they passed by the burned-down frame of a Company store, they came to the bar.  Inside, someone was playing a guitar and singing against one wall.  The three of them walked to the back, right where Lilly was serving.  
"Old Cacus is your brand, right, Barret?" Reddy asked.
"It is."
"Constable?"
"I'll have the same."
"Liliola, my dear, three Old Cacuses, if you please.  And double 'em up."  She nodded and took out the glasses.  When she went for the bottle, Cooper looked at Ganika and asked in a lower voice, "How long has the Company known?"
"About all this?"  Reddy nodded.  "They don't yet.  I wasn't lyin'.  I came to you before I went to Milton or anyone else."
Cooper's eyebrows raised.  "Well, then I truly owe you a drink."  He lifted his glass and tipped it toward him.  After they sipped, he said, "Well, how long has the Company known about metal minin' and madness?"
"It's been in medical books and such for a long time.  The thing was, the Company never had a mind to worry about it because the metals required long, concentrated exposures to make a difference."
"Mmm.  The new crushers and grinders.  The new processes.  Refines the ore down much more than it used to and they do it right here on site.  They're only, what, ten or so years old?"
"That's my thought, too."
Reddy released his glass and relaxed his hand.  As soon as he did, his fingers began to tremble.  He saw Barret's concerned expression.  "'Shineman's got the shakes.'  They don't say that for nothin', and now we know why, I suppose."
"I suppose so."
"Will the Company do as you say and make things safer?"
"They will."
Cooper chuckled.  "You seem mighty sure of that."
"I am."
"Why?"
"The Company likes nothin' more than makin' money, right?"  Reddy nodded.  "So, if they keep the workers safe, they can work 'em longer and they don't have to worry about payin' so much for medical bills or constables or whatever."
"I understand what you're sayin', Barret, but we have a long history of the Company doin' as they please wherever they go."
"It ain't like that, Coop."  He grunted and Ganika kept going, "There's two sides to every story …"
"One side, the way the Company works it.  They buy up the land, they buy up the people, they pay the federals to stay out," he stopped and shrugged, "at least they used to.  I don't know what Milton is up to.  But the Company is the Company.  They have never given a good godsdamn about the people they put in the holes to dig out their rock.  They never will."
Barret's jaw flexed as anger overtook him again.  He wasn't exactly sure why he was angry.  He used to say the same things about the Company long ago, before he was made under-manager, anyway.  "The Company will work this out.  The new safety measures will be posted and everybody'll go back to work."
"You're livin' in a fantasy world now, Barret.  No one's workin'.  Do you know what Milton is doin' up in his office while the federals are keepin' the streets safe?"
"I don't."
"Nothin' good, I wager.  Spot me on this.  Your ideas to put things right?  The Company will half-ass some of your safety measures and ignore the rest.  As for Lothian, when this ends, there will be a mess of dead bodies and the people forced to go back in the holes?  Many of them will be new because all of us," he waved his arm, gesturing about the room, "will be forced out if we aren't dead."
"I don't believe that."
Reddy finished his drink and shook his head.  "A godsdamned dream, Barret.  You're livin' it."  He leaned in close and said, "I thought when I saw you a month or so ago that you still understood us.  You were still one of us, at heart, anyway."  He straightened and glanced toward the guitar player.  "I was wrong."  He walked across the room and said something to the musician.  He nodded and began to strum a jaunty tune and the crowd cheered at its opening bars.  "Here you go, Barret.  My final gift to you."  He motioned toward the guitar player and said, "A reminder of who you used to be and how we think."
The old man's voice creaked and he sang quickly, "I'm so very tired now, and I start to wonder how, I've worked 'til my back is broke."  Ganika looked around the room as people drunkenly tried to sing along.  "My fingers are bloody, and my clothes are muddy, And the air, it makes me choke."  He strummed the guitar harder and then the entire room broke out in song, "Of all the stars in the sky, only Jupiter knows why, I've ended up right here.  If I had me any sense, wouldn't keep you in suspense, I'd pack right up and disappear."
Most of the people punctuated the last phrase with a loud yell, but the song wasn't finished.
"Years I've been here three, and boy, it's aging me, Don't know how many I've got left.  With the scars on my hand, I start to understand, That with Cancer comes death."
The happiness and tempo of the song betrayed the emotions in the lyrics and the feelings it evoked in Barret.  He closed his eyes and listened as memories in the shafts flooded his mind.
"You can't want more than what's at the store, The Company owns my soul."  The next line, spoken with deep tones as though the singer was the master, also drew lots of accompaniment from the bar patrons, "'Don't give me any lip, here's another scrip, Now go get back in the hole.'"  Ganika looked at Eda and saw her expression.  She was similarly conflicted, tapping her foot to the tune but wistful at the words.  
"I'm having no fun, and I haven't seen the sun, But the prabho's got his stone.  Deep underground is where I'll be found, And that's why I'm all alone."  Barret winced as if struck and he looked away from the constable.  "Darkness falls, with the cave walls, So I draw in my last breath.  For a piece of land, now I understand, That with Cancer comes death.  On Cancer, here comes death."  The crowd cheered and applauded.  The guitarist smiled and bowed.
"No wonder it's the most popular song in Lothian," Cooper said.  "Or any other minin' town I've heard of.  You ever hear it?"  Ganika only shook his head.  "I'm not surprised.  Take care, Barret.  Constable."  Reddy placed his cap back on his head, put a few bills of red scrip notes on the bar, turned, and left.
Quietly, the pair finished their drinks and got up to leave, too.  On the way out, he dropped a silver coin into the guitar case of the musician and drew a wide-eyed "thanks" from him.  They were quiet all the way back to the administration zone.  
When they reached the barricade of soldiers, Sayar said, "I have work to tend to.  Will I see you later?"
He took a deep breath and looked around.  "Can't promise anything."  
"Barret."  Her use of his first name got his attention.  "You can't blame yourself for this."
"Why not?"
"Your idea to change how processing works isn't the reason.  The equipment changed, too.  And you didn't design the map and put neighborhoods right next to those zones."
He smirked and said, "So I'm only a little responsible."  She opened her mouth to say something else and he raised his hand.  "Thank you, Eda."
"I'll see you later."  He nodded and she walked toward her office.
Ganika stood in the street behind the line of gray jacketed soldiers.  He remained still as he collected his thoughts.
"Mr. Ganika?"  Captain Brigstow looked up at him.
He whipped his head toward her, surprised that she was right next to him and he hadn't noticed her approach.  "Forgive me.  My mind is a bit scattered."
"I take it your trip into town was safe, if not fruitful?"
"It was, thank you."  
"If you have some time, I would like to ask a few questions of you."
He sighed and said, "Would I be right in thinkin' that you'd be a somewhat impartial observer to these events?"
"I have my orders regarding this place, but, yes.  I believe so."
"Good.  I'd be happy to answer your questions."
XVIII
MILTON
1,475 Years After Colonization

The manager and the local board stood before the wide bank of windows.  They were open and faced the northeast, the apparent direction of the sound.
Distant thuds.  Occasionally, it sounded like explosions.  Then, plumes of dust and smoke rose above the trees and buildings.
"What the frak are they doing?" one of the board members asked.
Otger nervously ran his hand through his hair and then firmly planted it on his waist.  He turned and looked around the room.  A host of people were present, but not the man he wanted to see the most.
"Captain Brigstow."  The woman faced him with an expectant look.  "What do your men say they are doing?"
"On last report, large crowds were moving toward the loading and processing zones around Garvald, Borthwick, and Carcant."
Milton wrenched his lips while he barely contained his rage.  His nose whistled as he breathed in and out.  "They're doing it.  They're destroying the equipment.  Do you have any idea how much that will cost us?"
"I do not, sir," Varmana said.  "That is your concern.  Not the concern of the Army of Cancer."
"And if I ask that you and your men go to the zones?"
She faced him again and stood at attention before him.  "You may ask.  But what will happen after the workers see that we have no intentions of firing on them?"
"Gah!"  He kicked at the leg of a table and stomped away.  "I need you to stop this, now!"
"I will not.  I have my orders."  While he grumbled further, Brigstow asked, "Why have you not sought to speak with them?"
"What point is there in speaking with trash?"
The captain shook her head.  "They are angry because you treat them this way."  He looked toward her as she continued, "They are destroying your equipment because they blame it for their illnesses and woes."
He squinted.  "How do you know …"
"About the link between the metals you process and the rise in violence among the workers?  It is not a secret."
Otger turned and looked across the faces of the board.  Most of them seemed fearful.  "Ganika.  I know he told them.  But he told you, too?"
Varmana asked, "Were you hoping to keep that information concealed from the government?"
He grumbled and shook his head.  "Captain, I want you to take your men to those areas and prepare to fire."
"I will not …"
"I am about to contact Mangala!  The government!"  Everyone jumped at his volume.  "When I get off the line, I will have new orders for you."
Brigstow stepped closer to him and said, "Sir, I take my orders from my superiors.  And given all that I have seen and learned here, I believe I would have to be relieved of duty before I order my soldiers to fire on crowds of mostly unarmed men and women."
Milton closed his eyes and turned to face his desk.  "Out of my office.  Everyone."  He waited until he heard the last person shuffle out and click the door behind them.  He walked around his large, wide desk and sat.  He turned in the chair to face the table against the wall and he picked up the transceiver on the large communications device.  As he wrapped the speakers against his head, he held the microphone to his mouth.  With the meat of his palm, he pressed down on the large lever and felt it engage the gears and generator inside.  It clicked all the way to the tabletop, but a bell rang as it slowly raised back to the starting position.  Then, there was a voice in the headset's speakers.
"Outbound."
"Switcher, connect me to Mangala."
"Stand by."
The line was simply static for a long moment until another voice, somewhat distant, said, "Inbound, Mangala."
"Switcher, connect me to the National Army headquarters.  The office of Brigadier Corbet."
"Stand by."
More static.  Then, with a thin quality, someone said, "National Army.  Brigadier Corbet."
"Greetings.  I am Milton Otger, manager of Lothian.  I must speak to the brigadier right away."
"Stand by."
He waited.  He tapped his fingers on the table for a moment until he heard a shift in the static, thinking the brigadier had come on the line.  When he was certain they hadn't, his leg began to bounce nervously.  After more than two minutes, there was a click and a voice.
"Mr. Milton," she said, "I have been awaiting your call."
"Brigadier, thank you for taking it."
"It's fortuitous that you've called at this moment.  I happen to have Senator Trent in the office with me, and we were just discussing the Lothian predicament."
Otger closed his eyes tightly.  He squeezed his left hand in a fist so hard that it ached when he eventually straightened his fingers.  "I see."
"I presume you require an escalation in our involvement?"
Softly, he said, "You are correct."
"Sorry?"
"You are correct," he said over the static.  "And I fear that the current commander of the soldiers here would not willingly carry out such orders."
"Well, let's discuss that and Lothian's future, shall we?"
XIX
BRIGSTOW
1,475 Years After Colonization

They raged.
Her soldiers stood in a long double-line on the ridge that overlooked the processing zone beneath Garvald.  While there were thousands of workers spread across the various areas surrounding the bases of these mountains, this was the largest.  The two hundred soldiers had their rifles at their sides and they watched fires continue to burn and buildings continue to topple.
When they first arrived a few hours ago, there was a standoff.  The thousands of miners went still and watched the Army, fearing that they would open fire at any minute.  Then last-minute reinforcements arrived for the thugs Milton had hired.  Burly men and women with clubs rushed into the zone on the back of a pair of trucks and spilled out to protect the giant tanks of ore.  Violence broke out again and the workers took their attention from the soldiers to the Company's muscle.  When they were dispatched, they glanced up the ridge at the Army for only a moment, realizing that they would do nothing.  They focused then on the processing and sorting equipment and resumed their destruction.
Someone drove a vehicle up to the side of one of the large holding tanks.  Chains were pulled all around the pipes and supports and then connected to the truck.  The wheels turned and turned until, finally, the metal wrenched and the whole thing spilled to the ground.  Workers scrambled to get out of the way and ore tumbled after them like a wave rolling up the beach.  A giant cloud of dust billowed away from the collapse and across the crowd.
Varmana shook her head.  The very thing that angers you, you've just inhaled that much more of it.
An explosion in a nearby zone threw a cloud of fire and smoke into the air.  Soon after, someone lit another fire in a wooden tool shed here at Garvald.
Hundreds of meters of sluice channels were torn down and filthy, toxic water poured across the field, turning it all into a mess of mud and muck.
A miner danced around a bound man, one of Delta's thugs.  He was leaned against a short wall and a few people kicked him as they ran past.  Finally, the dancer stopped and began to relieve himself onto the beaten man's body.
One of her lieutenants came to her side and said, "Sir, how much longer are we to stand here and do naught?"
"As long as I say."
He looked down at the chaos and shook his head.  "We should put them down out of general principle."
"Lieutenant," she glared at him, "do you wish to fire on unarmed men and women?"
He straightened.  "No, sir."
"Good."
"I simply mean to say …"
"You have no concept of these people or their troubles.  I have heard a portion and while I cannot condone their methods," she glanced at the whooping of a pair of workers as they destroyed the vehicle that just toppled the tank, "I at least understand their anger."
The lieutenant nodded.  "Yessir."
"Back to your platoon."  He saluted and walked away.
The soldiers stood in silence and watched the violence for another half hour.  A vehicle drove up behind them and she turned to face the people who emerged.
"Captain Brigstow."
"Major."  She saluted the older woman who walked to the rear of the line and surveyed the damage below the ridge.  "Would you care to hear my report?"
"No, captain.  I have been briefed.  You are relieved.  You are to report back to base."
"Yes, major."
Slowly, with apprehension, she turned away from her company and walked toward the vehicle.  As she did, she heard the major announce through a large cone, "This is the National Army of Cancer!  Stand down and return to your homes at once!"
Varmana stopped at the side of the vehicle and turned to face the rear of the line.  Here, lower on the slope up to the ridge, she could see nothing of the workers below, though she did hear their continued exuberance.  She saw the major raise her arm and then the line of soldiers raised their weapons.  Brigstow held her breath in anticipation of the sound.  The major dropped her arm and two hundred rifles opened fire at once.  Immediately, a volley of screams emerged from the zone.  Anguish, terror, pain.  The soldiers fired again.  And again.  The screaming continued.
XX
GANIKA
1,475 Years After Colonization

Barret stood in the lobby and watched suit after suit enter and ascend the stairs.  He recognized a few, but none knew of him.  If they did, they certainly didn't show it.  After more than an hour of standing, pacing, and staring, a face entered the administration building and smiled at seeing his.
"Hello, Barry."
He grinned and gripped her hand.  "It's good to see you."  Charya Trotter.  The woman who gave him a hand out of the hole by putting him in her job as she moved up.
"You've looked better."
He sniffed and looked at her hair.  It was cut closer and more gray than he recalled.  Her face was more wrinkled, too.  "You look the same."
"Bullshit."  She waved him toward her and they sat in a pair of chairs next to the display cases, away from the front doors.  "So," she sighed, "tell me what's transpired."
"I'm in for it, aren't I?"
"A good measure.  I presume you saw the retinue of bosses come through here."
"I did.  What they've been discussin' up there, I daren't conjure."
"You're a piece of it."
"And the other piece is Milton."
She wrinkled her nose and looked away.  "I don't believe Otger is in much danger."
"How could he not be?  Charya, he invited the federals in here for one, and second, they killed more than four hundred people!"
"Keep it down."  She looked around the lobby and saw that even the receptionist was gone.  "He invited the federals in, but it seems he only accelerated something that had been in the works for a while."
"Wait.  Is the government going to absorb Lothian or not?"
"In a way."
"What the frak does that mean?"
"It means the Company has a new understanding with the government."
Ganika narrowed his eyes.  "You'll pardon me for being dense, …"
"No one knows what it means yet."
"You're an over-manager."
"An over-manager who hasn't been privy to all the conversations with the government, even though both the capital and the Company are in Mangala."  She sat back in the chair and crossed her legs.  "You are correct about one item on the agenda."  She pointed at him.
"I know.  I figure … I'll take my lumps and go back to Seaton."  Again, Trotter looked away, but he caught the meaning this time.  "What?"
"The Company is abandoning Seaton Burn."
"Why?"
"It's all part of the arrangement with the government."
Frustrated, Barret stood and made an angry lap around the chairs.  "What do you know about this arrangement?"
"I know that Seaton Lee is dead."  Ganika stopped and looked down at her.  "The soil, the water table … all poisoned by the Company's operations at Seaton Burn."
"So the Company abandons Burn as penance for Lee?"
"That's how it will appear, but the Company had nearly mined out Seaton anyways.  Gossips say Seaton isn't the only place dealing with issues of an environmental nature."  She smirked at him.
"You got my letter."
"I did."
"And?"
She took a deep breath.  "It's scary shit, Barry.  No question."  She leaned forward, "You believe it?"
"I do."
"Alright.  I passed it on to our doctors."
"Company doctors."
"What do you expect me to do?"
"I apologize.  You've done plenty.  I'm obliged."
"Try not to alienate the only friend you're gonna have in that room."
"Why do you think I apologized?"
She laughed and then stood when she saw a young man beckon near the front desk.  "I think they're ready."
He let Charya go first and followed her down the long hallway and to the stairs.  They went up and as they walked through the hall, they passed waiters removing plates from the room.  He saw the cracked shells of steamed silver crabs and pools of butter.  His stomach rumbled a little with envy and they walked inside while he removed his hat.
"Mmm," still with a full mouth, Head Manager Nasha White stood and waved them in.  "Take a seat, Charya.  There might be some crab left."
"No, thank you.  I ate."  She moved to an open chair on the side of the table with the over-managers.  
Ganika chose a seat along the wall, away from the bulk of the people.  He put the hat on his lap and looked up toward the constable.  She nodded once.  No smile.  That's not good.
He scanned the room and saw Milton sitting in his usual place at the head of the table near his desk.  He was wiping his mouth and tossing the cloth onto a plate of devoured crab as it was lifted away by the help.  A man with a wide tie sat next to him and Otger seemed enthralled and amused by every word.  Nearly five hundred dead, another thousand wounded, and he's eatin' crab and laughin' like a man with no worries.
"Shall we commence with all this then?" a man wearing glasses said.  His accent threw Barret for a moment, then he recalled being a young man in Mangala and seeing the off-world traders.  What's a Virgan doin' in here?
"Absolutely," White said.  She knocked on the table a few times and the twenty-odd people in the room went still.  "This is not an official meeting, but it is a gathering of the head managers and over-managers from Mangala with our leadership here in Lothian.  You will recognize Senator Ram Trent, the representative for this part of the world at the Acropolis in Mangala."  The man Milton had seemed so eager to please stood briefly and bowed.  "His being here is as good as a handshake that he won't forget our hospitality when he gets back to the capital."
He raised his wine glass and said, "I will not."
"Good."  The head manager smiled and gestured to the man at her right.  "Some of you already know Sir Thomas Wilkey.  He has worked tirelessly on Virgon to get the Treaty of Recognition with Cancer renewed.  I want to thank Sir Thomas for his work," she nodded toward him.  "Now that the politics have been squared away, we can get back to the work of making money together."  Many around the table applauded or slapped the wooden top.  "Another thing we've tasked Senator Trent with handling is changing our name.  After all, it's hard to entice people to come to your world when it's called Cancer."  Several people chuckled.  "Our friends on Virgon have modernized their name and our trade with the other worlds has been on a nice rise in the last few decades.  Imagine how much more it could be.  Don't you agree, Sir Thomas?"
He said, "No one likes cancer, but I've found Cancer to be a lovely place.  Yes, I believe a change would be most advantageous."
"You hear that, senator?" Nasha smiled.  "An expert opinion."
"I will make note of it."
"Now, to the point of the evening.  With recent events in Lothian, DECo and the government have had to hasten the finalizing of an agreement that allows them a place at the table when it comes to our mining communities, while Delta will be able to retain most of the daily control.  This will be very beneficial for both us and the government."  When White started to clap, everyone else at the table did, too.  Ganika simply squinted as he tried to understand what it meant.
"Before we get too much further, I would like to pay special homage to our host, the manager of Lothian, Otger Milton."  Most applauded again and the older man smiled and nodded with appreciation.  Barret felt heat burn under his cheeks.  "I think we should all look to Otger as a prime example of steadfast leadership in the face of adversity."
Ganika's eyes widened and he looked straight ahead and into the equally surprised face of Eda Sayar.  Immediately, he started to laugh.
Everyone at the table turned and looked toward the side chairs.  Nasha fumed and put her hands on her waist.  "Who is that?"
He took a deep breath and stood.  "Under-Manager Barret Ganika.  Sorry to interrupt."
"Yet you did."
"I did."  He noticed he was nervously moving his hat from one hand to the other, so he just put it on.  "You see, I've been here for a few months now and I think 'steadfast' would be one of the last adjectives I might use to describe his leadership."
Milton threw down his fabric napkin and stood.  One of the board members held him back.  "You be quiet."
"Don't worry, Otger.  I think your knob's goin' to get polished in a minute.  I just wanna tarnish it before that."  The manager angrily hit the table and the senator grabbed him this time.  "If you'll permit me, ma'am?"
White sat and leaned back in her chair.  She braced one elbow on the arm and held her jaw in her hand.  "I do want to hear what you will say, Mr. Ganika."
There was something ominous in her tone, but he moved on.  "You see, the recent unpleasantness here stems back over three years to the implementation of the scrip program.  This program is supposed to be used for emergencies, but, again, he used it here for three years, driving his workers to the brink.  His poor management led to supply shortages at the Company stores and, because of his leadership vacuum, dark markets emerged and thrived."
"The scrip program was approved in Mangala, Mr. Ganika," one of the over-managers said.  "Each month that he wanted to continue it, he had to get approval."
"And were you the one who approved it?"
Surprised, the over-manager looked around.  "Yes?"
"Then you're also at fault."  As she objected, Barret continued, "He overworked his people as he expanded Lothian's presence in these mountains and got damned harsh with punishments for those who had to miss a shift.  The workers have felt like prisoners for some time, and this pushed them again.  So what happens when a group of people, already on the edge, gets one more push?"  He looked at White and said, "Did you see my report, ma'am?"
"I did.  It's being looked at now."
"Good.  The workers and the families here have been exposed to dangerous concentrations of certain metals that impact brain functions.  Now, as much as I dislike Mr. Milton, I will not place this issue at his feet.  I will only say that the Company owes it to these workers to follow the recommendations I laid out in my report."
"As I said, Mr. Ganika, it's being looked at."
"Alright.  In the lull of the last few days, after the violence, I was made aware of a development and I investigated further."  He reached into his jacket and removed a page.  "It seems that Mr. Milton has been diverting, for nearly two years now, materials, personnel, and funds, to his so-called Peaks Project.  Blasting began seven months ago.  I was brought here just three months ago to evaluate his proposal, but, under the Company's noses and with its purse, he had already started."  He looked at Nasha who was now looking down the table toward Milton.  "Were you aware of that?"
"I was not, until very recently, that is."
He faced Otger and saw him smiling.
"While DECo does not respond well to funds and resources being used in unapproved ways," the head manager said, "it is hard to argue with the results.  He showed great foresight and initiative."  Barret's stomach sank a little then.  "In a short time, massive coal deposits have been revealed and are already being removed from the mountain."
He nodded.  "Did you get my report on that?"
"I did.  I consider it pessimistic."
He looked across the table and saw the worry in Charya's eyes.  That's not good.  Suddenly, he felt in the crosshairs.  If Milton was the hero, then Barret …
"Mr. Ganika," Nasha said, "since you've volunteered to speak, I think it only fair that we turn our attention to you."
He took a deep breath and folded his arms across his chest.  "I suppose so."
"You sent two reports to Mangala.  One, a more clinical examination signed by a Dr. Wyot Derci, and a second one signed by yourself."
"Correct."
"My understanding is that Dr. Derci is incredibly overworked as well as old."
"He is, but I had his staff at my disposal.  He read the report and agreed with the conclusions."  He gestured behind himself, "I also had the help of the constable."
"Why did the constable not sign this then?"
"I believed that a medical report should be signed by the medical professional.  If you'd like a report about the law enforcement, …"
"Is it true, Mr. Ganika," White interrupted, "that you revealed the contents of this report at a meeting of hundreds of workers in the midst of their riots?"
He chuckled and said, "They're weren't riotin' at the moment, otherwise, I wouldn't have gone in."  The head manager was unmoved.  "I shared the overall conclusions, yes, along with my recommendations."
"This did not strike you as ill advised?"
"In the least?" an over-manager chimed in.
"I knew it would be looked at askance, but I felt, given the state of affairs at that moment between the workers and the Company, it would be a show of goodwill on our part."
Nasha nodded.  "Yet, after your meeting, what happened?"
He sighed.  "Tensions were inflamed again."
Any pretense of happily listening to him faded and she angrily straightened.  "To the tune of some three hundred thousand artha in damaged and destroyed equipment.  On top of weeks of lost production."  
"And four hundred sixty lives," another over-manager said.  "A thousand wounded."
Barret shook his head.  "Don't put that on me.  It rests on him," he pointed at Milton, "and the Company's new friends at the capital."
"Mr. Ganika," White said, "I think you can imagine at this point that there will be consequences for your decisions in Lothian."
He looked at Trotter and saw the same worried expression.  He nodded and said, "Yeah, I get that."
"Good."
"Before you pass judgment, though, I'd like to say something else."
The head manager sighed, "What more can you say?"
"It's a plea.  Not for myself, but for the Company and the workers of the Company."
"Oh, please," Otger said.
Nasha waved her hand.  "Be hasty."
He put his hands in his pockets and turned toward the wall.  On it hung a wooden panel showing the original seal of the Delta Exploratory Company.  "I am a lover of history.  I eat it up.  On my arrival to this very building a few months ago, I came early just so's I could look at the artifacts and such downstairs."  He faced White and said, "I studied Scarlette Fearnham and Wallis Marchand.  I know what they did here five hundred years ago.  And it wasn't the same ol' story I got told in school as a boy.  'They kicked the kings out.'  'They beat the Empires.'"  The Virgan investor harumphed and Barret said, "We put all that behind us a long while ago, sir, so there's no need for hard feelin's."  He looked back at White, "Fearnham and Marchand, they did something more than all that.  The Virgan side of things here was doin' alright.  The Leo were not.  Now, Fearnham coulda taken her soldiers and run over the Leo and been done with 'em, but she didn't.  She and Marchand joined up.  They created a better world together."
"Mr. Ganika," she sighed, "I am aware of my family history."
"I'm sure you are, so let me come to it.  The people in this room, the high-ups at the Company," he looked at the senator, "the people in the Acropolis, we're like the Virgans, see?  We're doin' alright.  The people with us now, workin' for us, inhalin' dust in the shafts, workin' ten, twelve hours a day, … they're not doin' alright.  I was one of 'em years ago and I know things have only gotten worse.  Not just here at our Company but workers in companies all over Cancer.  There's a divide and it's gettin' bigger.  If we don't watch out, it's gonna bite us all in the ass."  A few people gasped at the language, but he continued, "We can worry about changin' our name to get more trade or bringin' in foreign investors, but if you don't take care of your own, the people around you, the ones on whose works and backs you stand, you're gonna be nowhere.  Whatever you decide about me, I hope you consider that."  He looked at Charya and saw her smile.  If nothing else, he pleased her.
"Bullshit."
Barret barely heard it, but he turned to face Milton.  "What?"
Otger stood and a board member grabbed at him unsuccessfully.  "I hope you don't pay heed to his words, Miss White."  He looked up into Ganika's face.  "He likes to put on a show of how he's like the people," he did a little hand wave and raised the pitch of his voice for that line, "but he's not.  He's cozy with some of them, certainly.  Maybe too cozy …"
"Mr. Milton," Nasha said, "I have it in hand.  Please sit."
He turned around and straightened the cuffs of his sleeves.  Under his breath, he muttered, "Damned dhoolie."  One of the board members laughed.
Barret raised his head and asked, "What did you say?"
Otger turned and scrunched up his face into a haughty smile.  "I said you're a damned dhoolie."  Ganika carefully removed his hat and placed it on the table.  "A no-good piece of filth who never shoulda been pulled out of the hole!"
To punctuate that sentence, Barret responded with a swift and hard jab into Milton's nose.  The shorter man fell to the floor and tumbled end over end into the front of the desk.  He sat up with his blonde curls askew and blood pouring over half his face, covering his mouth, chin, neck, and shirt.  "My nose!" he screamed, as best he could, "He broke my frakking nose!"
Most of the people at the table were standing now.  The under-manager put his hat back on and Nasha White said, loudly, "Mr. Ganika, DECo no longer has need for your services."
"I thought as much."  He glanced at his mentor and saw her chuckle.  He tipped his hat's brim toward her and began to leave.
"I want him arrested!"  Otger scrambled to his feet, away from the people who gathered around with napkins and the like.  He stood, wobbled, and fell again.  His voice was clogged, phlegmy, and he spat, "Constable!  Arrest him!"
Sayar stood and walked to Barret's side.  She then looked toward the head manager who nodded once.  "Come with me, Mr. Ganika," Eda said.  She took him by the arm and led him out of the office.
They walked in silence down the stairs of the administration building.  When he started to turn right toward the constable's office, she instead tugged him across the street.  He said nothing and followed her lead.  When they stepped onto the walkway for the hotel, he asked, "What're you doin'?"
"Taking you to your room so you can get your stuff."
They walked into the hotel and then ascended the stairs, as he removed the hotel key from his pocket, he asked, "Why?"
"Milton deserved it."
He chuckled.  "And what'll you tell him?"
"That you escaped my custody, being the wily cur you are.  Or maybe you escaped from your cell since I'm down twenty constables and couldn't spare anyone to mind you."
"Is that how many quit?"
"Yep."
He opened the door and walked in.  Despite having lived here for three months, he was surprised to find that he packed his two cases fairly quickly.  As he did, he thought about his many years with the Company.  How little he had done outside it.  All my work, all my time, and they're just happy to be rid of me.  In a few months, most of them won't even remember me.  He sighed and paused, briefly wondering what he might do next.  When he was done packing, he turned and faced Sayar, who had pushed the door closed and now leaned against it.  "Eda."
"Barret."
He took a deep breath and smirked.  "Come with me."
She grinned and shook her head.  "No.  I don't think so."
He was a little wounded, but not as much as he expected.  "That's probably smart.  I do seem to be on a self-destructive path of late."
She crossed the room and wrapped her arms around his neck.  She rose up and kissed him.  After several long seconds, she withdrew her face from his and said, "Goodbye, Mr. Ganika."
He smiled.  "Goodbye, Constable Sayar."
He gathered his cases and left the hotel.  After he dropped a few silver coins into a coachman's hand, he was driven out of Lothian, never to return.
XXI
REDDY
1,475 Years After Colonization

He had been in darkness for days.  He had no measure of time, except that they brought him food and water every several hours.  Still, it felt irregular and he dared not hazard a guess as to how long he had been held.
When he heard the door open, he again expected the forceful removal of his hood and the presentation of a plate before his face, whereupon he was expected to feed as though he were a horse and this his trough.
Instead, a pair of hands grabbed each of his arms and dragged him out of the building.  His feet, which had not been used in some time, stumbled in the gravel and struggled to right himself.  Finally, he was walking with the pair who led him and they jerked him along and into turns.  They entered a new building and threw him onto a chair that nearly tipped over.  They pulled him aright and then ripped off the hood.
He blinked in the bright light that streamed in from the windows.  Finally, his eyes adjusted and he sighed at seeing the blue sky outside.  He looked around the room and saw Otger Milton sitting in a chair on the other side.
"Well," Cooper began, "I suppose it's only right that my first glimpse of a fair day be spoilt by the likes of you."
"The feeling is mutual, Mr. Reddy."  He stood and dragged his seat across the floor and set it before him.  After he sat again, he glimpsed at the bandage on the bound man's arm.  "Healing?"
Cooper looked down at his upper arm and said, "I suppose so.  Not that you care."
"I do not."
He blinked a few more times and noticed a bandage across the bridge of Otger's nose.  "Well, I am pleased to see that you didn't make it out of recent events unscathed."  The older man became self-conscious and he repositioned himself in his chair.  Reddy turned and looked at the large men on either side of himself.  They were not constables or soldiers.  These were among the many thugs the Company had brought in to try and squelch the uprising.  "So, Mr. Milton, why are you here?"
"I am here to offer you a choice.  You will be charged as a conspirator and leader of the riots and as an accessory to the deaths of the four hundred-some people that came as a result.  Not to mention held liable for the massive property damage that ensued."
"You wanna put all that on me?"
"That's just the first option, Mr. Reddy."
"Oh, well then.  I apologize for interrupting.  Carry on."
"Or you will accept the recently vacated position of under-manager and work within my purview."
Cooper raised his eyebrows and then laughed uproariously.  After twenty or so seconds, he gasped for air and said, "Mr. Milton, you haven't given me much in life, but you gave me that, and I appreciate it."
"I'm giving you a choice, Reddy."
"Is it really a choice?  You want to keep me a captive of the Company until the day I die?  Or you want to put me in the stockade for a big show trial that ends with me at the end of a rope?  Mmm.  It might surprise you, but I believe I'll take the latter."
"Really?"
"That's right."
Otger leaned forward.  "Because you want to be a martyr?  Because you want your mucker friends to sing songs about your name?"
Cooper sniffed.  "Doesn't sound so bad."
"Well, only because you have no sense of the full picture.  You see, most of the workers in Lothian are being offered a similar choice.  They can take their lumps for the crimes they committed or they can remain employed by DECo elsewhere.  Does it surprise you to hear that most are choosing to remain with the Company?  That they're being taken away from Lothian?"
"I'm not surprised.  They have families with which to concern themselves."
"And you do not?"  Reddy's face drooped and Milton grinned.  "We have your former wife.  And your children."
"Why?"
"Because of what you did.  And we've made sure to tell Ava and little Beau and Goni all about what a bad man you've been."
He grumbled and a deep noise emerged from his chest and up through his throat.  "You godsdamned cocksuckin' son of a whore."
"Now, now, Mr. Reddy.  As of right now, they are simply guests of DECo.  If you choose this path, well, Ava may be a co-conspirator."
"You know that is a lie."
"Perhaps.  Perhaps not."  Cooper strained against his ropes and Milton smiled again.  "Anyone in Lothian who might have sung your praises will soon be gone, either to prison or to another community.  New workers are being brought in right now.  Your name will die, in secret, with you hanging from a rope, as you put it."
"I won't even get a trial?"
"You will, but not one that anyone will know about.  It's part of our new agreement with the government, you see."
Reddy took a deep breath and stared instead outside the window at a single white cloud that crossed toward the east.  "If I accept your ... promotion, what happens to my family?"
"They will be free to go wheresoever they please, with a generous one thousand artha payment from DECo for their troubles."  He raised his hand and waved a warding finger, "Be mindful.  Should you renege on our agreement in any fashion, they will be scooped up again and the charges against you reinstated."
"I understand."
"Good."  
"Another question."
Otger sighed.  "What now?"
"After all this, after my crimes and this stoppage and riot, why in the gods' names do you want me working for the Company?  Working with you?"
Now Milton laughed.  "Because I know how much you hate DECo."
"Oh, I do."
"So I'm keen to punish you by making you work for us for the rest of your days."  Cooper nodded.  "And I want to keep an eye on you, too."
"Fair enough."
Otger slapped the tops of his thighs and said, "Now, the agreement with the government.  You've heard about it?"
"Only what you've said.  You see, I've been locked in a shed with a bag over my head for some time."
"Right, right.  Well, DECo is ceding some control over Lothian to the federal government, but not all.  I am the newly minted over-manager of the Lothian Region.  I will run Lothian and the other communities as I see fit and I will need you to run errands."
Cooper sighed.  "Such as?"
"Your first order will be to travel south to Peaksville.  Now, that's a new community here in the region.  There's three peaks down there and we're taking the tops of those mountains clean off to get the coal inside."
"Is that a fact?"
"It is.  Now, the only trouble is, when you take down a quarter of a mountain, you gotta put the stuff you don't need somewhere, right?  We had holding pens and some of them overflowed in the storms the other day.  Spoils and slurry fell into the creeks that ran off the mountain," he waved his hand, "at any rate, you need to go down there and write up a report on everything that happened and how bad the spill is and if Ibora will be affected."
"Ibora?  That's not a Company town."
"No, it's not.  If they will be affected, then it may prove expensive for us, so, if you can show that they won't be, all the better."  Milton stood.  "Does this mean you've accepted the position?"
He lowered his head and said, quietly, "It doesn't seem like I have much of a choice."
"I guess not.  Let him go."  The two men stepped closer and freed him from the ropes.  "Let him get cleaned up and get a meal before you go to Peaksville."
Cooper rubbed his wrists and looked at the thugs.  "They're coming with me?"
"For a time.  Until I know you can be trusted."  The manager opened the door and let more of the blinding midday light in.  As Reddy winced, Otger said, "That may be a while."
"What's my title again?"
"Company under-manager.  But you're reporting to me."
In the brightness, Cooper saw the bandage on Milton's nose and the bruising around his eyes.  He smiled, "I don't suppose this is Barret Ganika's old job?"
Immediately, the jubilant expression on Otger's face disappeared and he only said, "It is."
"I see.  And did Barret give you that?"
Milton looked down and then outside at the fresh construction going on in Lothian's processing zones.  "I expect you back in Lothian with a report in three days."  He walked away.
Reddy chuckled and left the shed.  He watched the shorter manager shuffle quickly across the gravel in his fancy suit.  "Maybe I was too harsh on my old friend."  He looked over each shoulder at the tall thugs behind him.  "Do you either of you boys happen to know where I might buy a nice hat?"
XXII
HEPER
Unknown Years Before Activation

Sefa turned in place and glared into the dark.  Finally, she clenched her fists and roared, "Where are you, cowards?!  Fascists?!"
"We are here."
"There is no need to shout."
The voices sounded so near she jumped and turned all around to see their source.  Seeing nothing, she said, "What do you want?"
"We want to understand you."
"We want to understand why you did what you did."
The young woman smirked and crossed her arms over her chest, "What did I do?"
"You placed explosives in your backpack and walked into the lobby of the assembly building in Regor."
"You then detonated it, killing yourself and nine others."
Her brow furrowed and she tried to remember.  "OK.  Yeah.  I did that."
"Why?"
She scoffed and shook her head.  "You don't get it."
"That's why we're asking."
"Explain it."
Heper clicked her tongue and said, "Yet-frakking-again, the planetary Congress cut funding for food programs, so the state congress of Vela kicked that shit downhill.  And who lives downhill?"  She pointed at her chest.  "My family.  My people.  Everyone I know, and everyone I know lives in the chawls where no one in power gives a good godsdamn about them!"
"Such anger."
Sefa barked, "Yeah."
"Canceron was founded as a democracy."
Heper sniffed.  "Maybe it was a thousand years ago, but not in nineteen ninety-seven."
"Did you not try to seek redress with your elected representatives?  Either locally, or on the state and planetary levels?  Or in the Colonial government?"
"What do you think my parents did?"  She waited for a response that didn't come.  "My grandparents?  Their parents?  They try, but the suits don't listen."
"You could run for office."  The young woman laughed.  "What is funny?"
"I don't wanna be brainwashed.  You don't think, sometimes, someone gets out of the chawls and gets elected to the congresses?  They get the votes of all us rats and make big promises about what they're going to do when they get to Regor or Hades or Caprica City.  But what happens?  They see the cubits.  They see the power.  They walk the halls of the Acropolis, surrounded by marble and fancy suits, and just like that," she snapped her fingers, "they're corrupted.  They're part of the oligarchy now.  Cozy with corporations and behind-the-scenes power brokers, happier to spend money to fight Cylons decades after the war ended than to help their own people."
"Sounds conspiratorial."
"But it's true," she answered.  
"So why was this level of violence necessary?"
At first, it seemed like the same question as before, but Heper stopped and considered it.  "In a world of seven billion people, when the people who could make a difference have raised themselves above everyone else and don't want to change anything because they've already got theirs … how else can I get their attention?"
XXIII
YABIZ
1,663 Years After Colonization

"There's just too many people."
An officer in khaki turned away from the crowd.  "Sorry, inspector?"
"There's too many people," Alara said.  She waved her hand, "Clear them out."
"Yes, mum."  He faced the onlookers and stretched his arms out.  "You've heard the inspector now!  Back away!  Back away!"
The hair on the back of her neck relaxed.  She didn't feel as boxed in nor did she feel their hot breath on her skin.  She closed her eyes and imagined the city empty, and when she opened them, she looked down and saw the only other inhabitant.  A dead body.
Lying upon the red and gray cobblestones of the walk, the woman was encircled with water that seeped from her clothes.  A long, blue dress, tight about the hips and legs.  Her thick black hair was entangled with weeds from the river.  Her skin was mottled blue and green from days in the cool water of the Sarthe.  Yabiz walked to one side and looked at the victim in profile.  A large nose, indicative of a bloodline that included the Anatoli, like herself.  She pulled the side of her skirt and knelt by the corpse's arm.  She stared at the neck, which was arched back severely, elevating the body from the ground somewhat.   There, the skin was wrinkled and heavily discolored, beginning to slough away from the darkened dermis beneath.
She sensed someone come near and stop several paces away.  Without looking, she said, "Orderly."
"Your tea, mum."  She extended her arm and held her hand out.  Wearing the khaki uniform of a police officer but the green armbands of an inspector's aide, Dylon Savayas stepped forward and placed the cup there.  Alara sipped from it and the slight young man leaned to look at the dead woman's face.  "Might I ask a question, inspector?"
"No."
"Yes, mum."  He backed away and kept his head down.
Yabiz stood and ran her left hand down her gray and black striped jacket.  Her silver badge, pinned to her left breast, was crooked and she straightened it.  "Where is necrology?"
Savayas didn't move and he kept his voice low, "I've phoned them, mum.  I was told …"  He looked to one side.  "He's here now, mum."
Without making eye contact, she looked to her left and saw red and white striped pants enter her view.  "Dr. Addair."
"Inspector."  He tipped the brim of his white hat and placed his bag of instruments by the corpse's feet.  "Well.  Three days I'd say at a glimpse."
Alara sipped her tea.  "Strangulation.  Likely with a belt or some such."
He hissed and put his hand on his waist.  "Who abouts is the necrologist, eh?"  He walked to the victim's head and bent low, moving so he wouldn't block the morning light.  "Mm."  He adjusted his eyeglasses.  "Could be, could be.  I'd have to have her under my magnifier for certainty."
"As you do, search for a puncture."
Addair looked up slowly.  "You're thinking it's The Sticker, eh?"  She nodded as she finished the tea and held the empty cup behind herself.  Dylon saw this coming and immediately snatched it from her hand.  "Her neck has the look of one so poisoned, though it might be rigor aided by the cool of the water or her positioning."  The old man stood, grunted, and walked to the inspector's side.  "How many'd that be for him?"
"Fourteen."
"Cor."  He shook his head and looked at the body again.  "A veshy, no doubt."
She slipped her hands in the pockets of her jacket.  "Not a fair assessment, doctor.  Such attire is quite popular among many young women."
"And young men, eh?" he snickered.  He folded his arms over his chest and sniffed as a stiff breeze from the river blew over them.  "Well.  Young woman, roundabout twenty to thirty, a bapper it seems," he raised one hand, "meaning no offense, inspector."  Yabiz nodded once.  "Possible death by strangulation, pending further exam.  An opisthotone neck, possibly induced by foreign agent.  Likely killed some three days past and disposed of in the river at that time only to be found by fishermen today, is that right?"
"It is."
"Fishermen.  Certification of homicide is pending.  There's your verbal writ then, inspector.  You may investigate."
"Thank you, doctor.  The body is yours."
"Thank you."  He knelt by the corpse and waved his attendants to him.  
The inspector walked from the scene and toward the crowd of people some ten meters away.  Dylon ran ahead of her, flailing his arms.  "Make way!  Make way!"  
The crowd parted and Alara held her breath.  She moved past them, the masses of Hades.  She felt the heat from their bodies.  She could smell their stink and the perfumes they used futilely to cover it.  She heard every whisper, every click of teeth or squish of spit in their mouths.  The rustling of clothes, the scraping of soles on the stones, the fidgeting of fingers.  The noise was oppressive and she focused on her own footfalls and her own heartbeat as she sidled by and toward her vehicle.  
It was a long automobile, a ten-year-old tan Roch Grand Tourer with leather top and brass trim, converted into a mobile office for inspectors of the Hades Police Force.  Savayas held the door to the rear compartment open and Yabiz stepped inside, sliding onto the leather bench as she withdrew a folder from the small case on the floorboard.  While Dylon closed the door and went to the driver's side, she removed photographs and placed them on the corkboard against the left side of her cabin.  Her orderly started the engine and they slowly left the north bank of the river, rocking back and forth as the vehicle went over the cobblestone streets.
Alara straightened each of the thirteen photographs she had.  Photographs of living people, but as she looked at their smiling or solemn visages, she could just as easily recall how they appeared when she first met them.  
"Fair skin, dark skin, medium skin," she said aloud.  "Men, women.  Young, old.  There is no pattern."  She sensed Savayas looking into the rear-view mirror, watching her as she worked, but she didn't acknowledge him.  "All strangled with a belt or strap.  Thirteen found to have been injected with a herbal pesticide, the alkaloid strychnine, derived from the seed of the poison-nut tree which grows wild here in the southeast.  What is your question?"
Dylon instinctively looked away from the mirror and back to the road.  "Mum?"
"At the scene, you had a question."
"Yes, mum."  He swallowed hard and paused as he gathered his thoughts.  "Of the thirteen known Sticker murders, six bodies were deposited in the Sarthe."
"Yes."
"All six were found in the Tenney Dam, several miles away from the center, near the edge of the city."
"Yes."
"If this one is confirmed to be a victim of The Sticker, I think it may suggest that the others were killed in the city and not down south in Tenneytown."  A pedestrian walking from one side of the street to another finally caught Savayas' eye and he slammed on the brakes.  The Roch skidded loudly, lurched forward, spilled the folder to the floor, tilted the corkboard, and forced the inspector to brace her arm on the plush divider that separated her cabin from the driver's.  Once the vehicle stopped and rocked back onto its suspension, he mumbled, "Sorry, mum."  
She only huffed loudly through her nose and then said, "Finish your thought before I have to investigate one of your victim's deaths."
"Yes, mum."  He drove forward again, more slowly, and said, "I know they've investigated whether the six were in Tenneytown when they vanished, but if this one, the seventh, was strangled and poisoned, it suggests anywhere along the Sarthe as a possible scene of the crime."
"I agree."
He glanced into the mirror again, "You do?"
"Yes.  I think it likely that the killer deposited her body in the river, fully expecting it to go downstream to the dam, like the others.  Yet, this victim became ensnared and was stuck here until it was found this morning.  All the Sarthe is suspect."
Dylon grinned to himself and puffed his chest out a little.  "What will Inspector Durban make of this?"
She straightened the corkboard of victims' photographs.  "He will have to free himself and his thoughts from focusing only upon that small neighborhood."  Though I know why he truly remains there.  She looked at the clock on the dividing wall.  "It is nearly nine.  When will we return to headquarters?"
Savayas shook his head and gestured at the wall of pedestrians in front of him.  "The Acropolis is in session, so the walks and streets are full."
Yabiz reclined in the seat and folded her arms over her chest.  She looked out her windows at the crowds of suited men and women crossing toward the enormous marble structure on the left.  Hades had only been the capital of the planet for ten years and the new Acropolis building itself was even younger.  The inspector frowned and wished that Mangala had not been so devastated in the war.  It only brought more people to Hades.
The vehicle pulled ahead as a gap emerged in the pedestrians and they sped around the newer government buildings toward the older ones.  The old city government buildings were above them on the hill and some of the city department buildings stretched toward the right.  Dylon turned into an alley and stopped.  Alara opened her own door and said, "Bring the files upstairs as soon as you're able."
"Yes, mum."
She closed her door and the Roch pulled deeper in the alley toward the parking lots at the rear.  The inspector then walked to the stone steps at the front of the police building and ascended them, between a pair of statues of Minerva, goddess of justice, and Salus, goddess of safety.  Inside the headquarters, the central precinct desks were busy as officers spoke to citizens.  A cuffed suspect screamed as he was led to a holding cell.  Alara ignored them all and headed for the elevator.  
Inside, its ornate brass and ivory decorations appeared to encircle the child operator who smiled at the inspector and asked, "Floor?"
"Fifth."  She turned and looked at the closed doors.
When they opened, she stepped through and the girl said, "Have a good day."  The inspector didn't respond.
The Investigative Division sprawled across the entire level, with rows and rows of desks and inspectors doing paperwork or on their telephones.  She walked through Property Crimes and then through Personal Crimes.  On the other side of that section, separate from any other, was Homicide.
Graced with desks near the wide windows of the old headquarters, looking out onto Hades' bustling downtown, they were the elite inspectors of the force.  Six were likely to be working each shift and each had about three open cases at any one time.  Hades was a large city growing even larger, and with it grew the crimes.  Especially murders.  
Yabiz stopped by her desk and scanned everything there.  Her phone, the stacks of folders for closed cases headed to the courts, the stack of folders pertaining to her open cases, and her carefully arranged row of pens and pencils.  Nothing had been disturbed.  No notes were left for her.  She glanced up into the vaulted ceiling at the large clock that hung between two of the windows.  Just after nine.  She looked to the corner and saw the walls of the command inspector's office, which reached only halfway toward the ceiling, affording the important supervisor only the illusion of privacy.
She walked across the wooden floor and knocked on the frosted glass.  From within, the commander said, "Enter."
Quickly, she opened, walked inside, and closed the door.  "Command Inspector."
Odani Maison, tired and tense, nodded once.  "Inspector Yabiz."
Alara walked the few paces toward the cluttered desk but didn't sit down before it.  "I must talk to you regarding this morning's case."
Maison sighed.  "There might be another murder to add to yours today."  She nodded her head toward an open file.  "Do you know Baler Coban?  Singer from Deltoton?"
"I've heard the name."
"The chief inspector and commissioner have been up my ass and to the left all morning long.  He was found unresponsive in a taxi carriage near Fearnham Park.  The man is obviously a pop addict, but they wanted to be certain it wasn't The Sticker."
"I see.  Which brings me to why I've come to you, commander."
"Oh?"
"My murder this morning, …"
"Circumstances?"
"Young female, likely strangled some three days ago.  Rigored body position indicates possible poisoning by herbal pesticide."  Odani closed her eyes and held the side of her head with her right hand.  She reached down into the drawer and removed a bottle of arrack.  "I have the verbal writ from Dr. Addair."
As the commander poured her drink, she asked, "Does he think it's The Sticker?"
"He concurred with my assessments regarding the strangulation and indicated that the victim's arched neck may be due to poisoning, but it is pending ahead of a more fulsome examination."  She sat and then crossed her legs at the ankles and placed her hands, folded, atop her thighs.  She sat on the edge of the chair, expectantly, but the command inspector said nothing.  "What is the latest from Inspector Durban?"  She knew the answer.
After Maison swallowed the alcohol, she said, "Nothing.  He spends all his time in Tenneytown."
"I have a request, commander.  Recall him to headquarters so that those of us with Sticker cases may collaborate."
She set the glass down and glared at Yabiz.  "You still want all the cases, don't you?"
"I do."
"Not practical."
"Imminently practical, commander."  Devoid of emotion, Alara said, "The methodology in all fourteen cases is the same.  There are minor differences, but these differences may point us toward the suspect.  When there is but one suspect, it matters little how many victims there are."
Odani nodded and poured another drink.  "You make sense, inspector."
"Thank you."
"But I'm not inclined to take six cases from a veteran like Durban."
"Despite his lack of progress?"
"Yes."  She sipped the drink now.  "What about your progress?"
"I have reached out to several commercial producers of the alkaloid strychnine, as well as farmers and others known to produce it themselves.  Three of the commercial producers are comparing the compound found in my first three victims to what they produce."
"They can see if it matches?"
"They can."
"Mm."  
"I have also spoken to all of my victims' families, friends, and co-workers, and I have yet to find any connections.  I have produced a map of the city with each of the victims' last few days of travels marked, in hopes of finding a connection."
"Have you?"
"Tentatively.  They had business near the Acropolis in the day or two preceding their disappearances.  Still, their visits to this area appear to be coincidental."
"Sounds like you're doing the right things, inspector."
"Thank you."  She paused for a second and then said, "If I may, Inspector Durban's lack of progress speaks to two failings, command inspector."  
She raised her eyebrows and straightened.  "Tread lightly.  I do not like the precedent of officers and inspectors speaking ill of each other."
"Agreed, however," Yabiz lowered her voice, "I feel, in this instance, it is needed for the good of the cases and of the city."
"Carry on."
"Firstly, the fact that he remains in Tenneytown for his investigation despite the lack of evidence connecting the victims to that location indicates a lack of imagination and deductive reasoning."
Maison furrowed her brow.  "His six victims were found at the Tenney Dam."
"Indeed, yet he has not entertained the possibility that they merely ended up there because they were deposited in the Sarthe upstream.  This morning's victim illustrates this."
"How so?"
"She was put in the river three days past.  She would have been found at the dam had her body not become entangled by something underwater."
"So you think any of the six or seven could have been killed … anywhere upstream of the dam?"
"Yes.  Has Inspector Durban mentioned to you any element of his investigation which includes that possibility?"
She paused.  "No."
Alara nodded and feigned disappointment.  "Secondly, I have reservations about his … personal habits."
The commander's eyebrows went up again.  "Again, I say, tread lightly."
"I will not share gossip, command inspector.  I simply believe, with a series of cases as important as these, the leader of the bulk of those investigations should have his waking mind on those cases and not himself."  Odani sighed and shook her head.  "Speak with his orderly.  Ask her what the inspector has been doing in Tenneytown all these weeks."
Maison put the bottle of arrack away and loudly closed the drawer.  "And what?  If I hear something which concerns me, am I to give all of his cases to you?"
"Yes."  The command inspector laughed.  "As well as the two under Inspector Thabet and the two under Inspector Arkwhite."
Odani stared at the slightly younger Yabiz.  "You want fourteen open folders under your name?"
"Yes.  And so should you."  Alara nearly grinned but she resisted the urge.  "One suspect.  When they are found, that would be fourteen open homicides, closed.  A city at ease.  Press who cannot speak ill of the Force.  Command staff and city leaders who would leave you alone."
Maison blinked and looked to one side.  "I will recall Inspector Durban and ask after his progress."
"Thank you, commander."
She had lifted the receiver of the telephone and pointed its end toward her.  "'Revel thee not yet,' Inspector Yabiz.  I want to hear what he has to say.  Even if I don't care for his answers, I am not likely to make you the sole inspector on the case."
She stood and nodded toward Odani.  "'Consider my revels bided,'" she quoted.
When she left the command inspector's office, she heard Maison on the phone to dispatch.  She walked past the tall windows and looked at the Acropolis a block away.  The streets and walks were still pulsing with people.  She shook her head and turned toward her desk.  It was as far away from the others as she was allowed, and even this position required several favors to obtain.  As she sat, she saw that Savayas had put her folders in the space at the dead center of the desk, just as she liked.  She opened them and removed the photographs, spreading them on the left side of the desktop.  The necrology reports were arranged on the right side.  At the center, once she had stowed the empty folders, were the fresh photographs of this morning's victim, and she set about writing her report.
Quietly behind her, Dylon asked, "May I fetch you something, mum?"
"Tea."  He darted off.  A couple of minutes later, he returned and placed it on the coaster at the upper right corner of the desk.  Without looking at him, she raised a finger and waved it away, saying, "Tend to your other duties."
"Yes, mum."
She wrote for some time and then, at nearly ten, she heard the blustering arrival of Inspector Aws Durban.  The fat man wore a white suit, stained, and a white hat with an awkwardly bent brim.  His face was reddened and unshaven.  His eyes were lined with bags and bloodshot.  He lurched through the rows of desks until he reached the office of the command inspector.  He knocked with his knuckle twice and opened the door without awaiting an answer.  "You wanted to see me, commander?"
Alara had watched it all.  She might have smiled were she not so disgusted by him.  She then looked toward Durban's orderly, Sunder.  The young woman was standing ramrod straight by the closed door with her gaze aimed at the rafters.  Yabiz lowered her head and appeared to continue writing her report, but she kept her head tilted toward the office, hoping to hear something.
The open roof allowed some of the louder words to come through.  She could hear Maison's voice become angrier.  There was the sound of furniture being moved and Alara looked up.  Silhouetted in the frosted glass, she saw Aws struggling to right himself against one of the chairs.  The drunkard didn't even sit down?  Fool.  
"Get out!" Odani said as she leapt up from her own chair.  Every inspector on the floor turned toward the noise.  The door opened and Durban emerged, wide eyed, looking around the office.  "Sunder!  Get in here!"
The orderly appeared frightened and Aws shot her a glare.  The young woman lowered her head, walked into the office, and closed the door.  Durban stood around for a moment, trying to adjust his pants over his gut, but he ambled his way into the rows of desks toward his own.
Yabiz held her breath.  His desk was diagonal from hers and his last several weeks in Tenneytown had been a kind of reprieve from Aws' presence.  When he got to his chair, he pulled it out and plopped into it.  With it came a blast of air and smells.  She had to breathe and she couldn't escape the stale alcohol, the sweat, the filthy clothes, and the acrid odors which no doubt came from his crevices and undercarriage.  She suppressed a shiver and focused her attention on the report, even if she didn't write anything.
"Yabiz," he said.  
"Durban."  She didn't look up.
"Anything on your cases?"
Now he wants help.  "Not especially."  She looked up without moving her head and said, "Might have a new Sticker case in the river."
His head shrank back and he squinted.  "Weren't one at the dam?"
"No.  By the jetties off Marchand."
He shook his head.  "Weren't The Sticker then.  Sticker puts 'em in the dam."
"Wrong."
His head whipped toward her.  "What?"
"Wrong."  She resumed her writing.  "Six of the victims ended up at the dam, likely after having been killed upstream.  Plus, there are seven other victims attributed to The Sticker who were found throughout the city."
He grunted and turned in his chair.  He folded his arms on the desktop and leaned onto it.  After a quiet couple of minutes, it seemed as though he may have fallen asleep.
"Durban!"  Again, the command inspector's voice carried over the walls of her office and throughout the floor.  Aws jerked with a start and he stood from his desk.  Slowly, he shuffled to the office and watched as his orderly, in shock, left the room and walked away.  He stood at the open door and glared at the young woman, forcing Odani to scream, "Bring your fat ass in here!"
"What, commander?" he said as he closed the door.  Every inspector had given up the pretense of their own work and now just sat, staring at the frosted windows.
"You're a drunk!  I knew that, but now?  Smoking pop for hours with veshys in their brothels?!  Spending days on end with whores when you're supposed to be working six open murders?!"  She came around the desk and Aws backed up toward the door.  "Get out of my sight!"
He opened the door and stumbled backward.  "You suspending me, commander?"
"You're godsdamned lucky that's all I'm doing for now!"  He turned and went for the exits and she yelled after him.  "Don't come back until I send for you!"  Maison braced herself against the doorframe and waited for the sound of the lift doors to close on the other end of the floor.  After they did, she slowly raised her head.  "Yabiz.  Thabet.  Arkwhite."
Alara stood and so did the two young inspectors.  They glanced at each other and then her to see what she would do.  Confidently, she grabbed a few of her summary pages and strode across the floor.  They followed close behind.  She went to the same chair she had been in an hour ago and sat.  Her long gray skirt and white lining rustled somewhat as she crossed her legs and stared forward, waiting for the command inspector.  A second chair in front of the desk remained empty and the two men stood behind it, nervously waiting for what might come next.
The door slammed behind them all and Maison stalked around the room to her seat.  She fell into it and immediately slumped onto the desktop.  "Inspector Durban has been suspended."  No one said anything.  "He has six open cases, all of them Stickers.  I've already spoken with Inspector Yabiz about her progress," she looked at the first young man, "give me yours, Thabet."
"Yes, sir."  He looked at his folder and began to read, "Wintere, Easton.  Forty-nine-year-old male, …"
"I don't need the whole damned case!" she pounded the desk.  "Just tell me where you are!"
He lowered the folder and said, "No new evidence in the last three weeks.  Four weeks for the other one.  I've spoken to family and been to their places of work.  I've combed the park and the stable repeatedly and found nothing that wasn't discovered on the first day."
"What about the herbicide?"
"What of it, sir?"
"Do you think you might be able to trace the herbicide from your victims to its maker?"
"I … can they do that, sir?"
Odani glanced toward Yabiz who maintained a frozen expression.  The command inspector looked toward the taller, skinnier man and said, "Arkwhite.  You."
He looked at Thabet and then stuttered, "I – I'm afraid I fare little better, sir.  I've spoken to all who knew my victims, retraced their last days, examined their crime scenes and necrology files."  He then stopped speaking and stared out the window above Maison's head.
"That is all?"
"It is, command inspector."
She sighed and reclined in her chair.  She stared up at the ceiling for a moment and asked, "Yabiz, how many cases do you have that are not related to The Sticker?"
"Two."
"Give them to Thabet and Arkwhite."  She sat up and leaned on the desk again.  "You two are going to give her your Sticker files.  Everything you've collected."
"Yes, sir," they said simultaneously.
"Dismissed."
The two men turned and couldn't get to the door fast enough.  Alara began to stand but Odani raised her hand.  "Not you, inspector."  Once Thabet closed the door behind himself, the commander sat back in her chair again.  "I don't believe I need say how much pressure is now put upon you."
"You needn't, command inspector.  I understand."
Maison frowned and shook her head once.  "If you fail, it will be the both of us who hang."
"I fully intend that only The Sticker shall hang."
"'From your lips to Olympus.'"  She gestured and Alara stood.  As she went to the door, Odani asked, "What do you require?"
She turned.  "I require nothing at this point, command inspector.  If I do, I shall ask."  She put her hand on the doorknob and then said, "Perhaps an idea for prevention."
"Prevention?"
"I know patrol officers have been admonished to remain vigilant, and that they have undertaken patrols of alleys and secluded areas."
"Yes."
"Might I recommend a shift in patrol routes?"
"Why?"
"I recall my time on patrol.  I was ordered to use the same route, day after day.  I passed the same buildings at the same time every day.  Perhaps The Sticker knows this and thus knows how to avoid the patrols."  
"I will speak to the patrol commander."  She wrote a note.  "Thank you, inspector."
"Commander."
Alara walked to her desk and felt awake and alive.  She was full of energy and gathered up her things, stowing them just so in the sections of her accordion folders.  She was ready to leave when she saw Thomas, the Homicide division's secretary, go to the Wall.
The Wall was opposite the command inspector's office, against the windows behind Yabiz's desk.  The names of inspectors were scrawled near the top of the windows in grease pencil and beneath them, folders representing each open case were hung on hooks from the metal lattice structure which covered the panes.  In those folders, notices and summary reports could be placed so that any investigator or commander could receive an update without having to quiz the inspector.  Thomas rolled the ladder over from its place by a column and climbed up toward Durban's name.  Quickly, he removed the six folders and stacked them on a small table.  He went to Thabet and Arkwhite's folders, too, and removed the appropriate ones.  After he distributed the two non-Sticker folders from Yabiz's name, Thomas ascended the stairs again and started placing each of The Sticker's victims, in order of death, from beneath her name all the way to the floor.  There was only enough space for eight, so the remaining six were left stacked on the small table, pushed against her window.
No name had ever had so many cases beneath it before.  The inspectors turned to look at Alara, who only nodded once at the sight, smiled, and left the Investigative Division.

Savayas arrived at the line of rowhomes and went to number six.  He pressed the button and heard the bell chime inside.  There was no sound and no movement.  He backed down the stoop somewhat and looked above toward an open window.  He cupped his hands over his mouth and said, "Inspector!"
Yabiz leaned her head out of the window and said, "Yes?"
"There's been another."
She nodded.  "The door is unlocked, but wait below, orderly."
"Yes, mum."
He depressed the latch with his thumb and walked inside.  A closet door was to the left and a steep set of stairs to his right.  He looked up and craned his neck to see around the handrails and bannisters to no avail.  After he closed the door, he stood and clasped his hands behind his back.  A few moments later, he noticed a smell.
Slowly, he crept up the stairs and he emerged in the kitchen.  A kettle was on a trivet on the counter.  He breathed deeply and got notes of bitterness and earthiness.  He looked around toward the sitting area and saw an old, ornate table and chair set and fancy paintings on the wall.  He didn't have time to study them.
Alara emerged from her room in a dark blue jacket and dress, saw the orderly, and yelled, "I told you to wait below!" 
"Sorry, mum," he descended with her right behind him.  "I came across a strange odor."
"My herbal teas are of no concern to you, regardless of how queer you find the scent."  
"Yes, mum."
They emerged onto the darkened street and walked straight to the long car.  Dylon held her door open and she climbed inside, immediately opening her folders there and removing the reports.
He started the engine and the Roch pulled away from the front of the homes and down the narrow street.  Occasional lampposts illuminated their way and then they turned onto a larger thoroughfare with a greater frequency of lights.  "Are you feeling ill, mum?"
"What?"
"Your tea."
She sighed and rolled her eyes.  "My throat was sore and I was making a recipe my mother taught me."
"An Anatoli one?"
She looked at the back of the young man's head.  "Yes.  What concern is that of yours?"
"None, mum.  I've simply been curious."
She pushed the pages aside.  "Will you please relay the details of this latest victim?"
"Sorry, mum.  Inspector Oris was first in place and recognized that it may be The Sticker.  A crippled man, in his thirties, found in a hedge in a small park between a pair of office buildings."
"How long?"
"Only a few hours."
"Is necrology there?"
"So I was told."
She shook her head.  "How far?"
"Not long yet."  
Barely a minute later, he turned off the thoroughfare and into downtown Hades.  At this time of night, most of the offices were closed.  The bustling factories were nearer the Sarthe River, about a kilometer south.  The crowd ahead drew her eye and she watched them part once Savayas began pressing the horn.
"Get back!  Get back!"  The orderly came to her door and opened it.  As he did so, she held her breath.
She walked through the group of twenty people toward the trees and passed a line of patrol officers holding them back.  Her shoes clicked on the stones and the people ahead turned to see her approach.
"Inspector Yabiz," a tall, young man said.  He offered his hand, "Charl Oris.  A pleasure."  She didn't shake it.  Instead, she tilted her head to see the partially concealed body beneath a green bush.  "I was the inspector who took the call."
"When was this?"
"Two hours or more past."
She looked at him.  "A possible Sticker murder and you delayed my coming by two hours?"
"The orders from the command inspector stated you were to be notified once the victim was confirmed to be one of The Sticker's."
She angrily shook her head.  "No.  'Suspected'; not 'confirmed.'  I saw the orders, inspector."
"Very well.  You have my apologies."
She ignored him and knelt by the body.  She sensed the necrologist nearby and said, "Dr. Balan."
She stood up from the other side of the bushes.  "Inspector."  She pushed a branch aside and came toward Alara.  "I've confirmed the strangulation by belt or strap."  She raised her left hand, revealing a glass disk.  "With my magnifier, I've also found the puncture."
"Indeed."
"The entry point was swollen and larger than the other victims."  The old woman looked at the corpse and said, "I suppose he struggled a mite when he was stuck."
"You've not been able to confirm the herbicide?"
"Not until I get him to the lab."
She stood and looked around herself.  There was Dr. Balan and her two attendants.  Oris, his orderly, and five patrol officers.  All within five meters of the corpse.  "I need everyone to clear away.  Please.  Allow me a moment to examine the body."
They complied and she was left alone.  She closed her eyes and shut out their muttering and their breathing.  She knelt against the bush and shook her head once before opening her eyes again.  Too many people.
Young man.  Arched neck and back.  Missing his left arm and lower part of his left leg.  Also wearing an old dull green uniform top, with a unit patch on his right breast and another patch partially concealed by the rolled-up fabric of the unused left sleeve.  She unpinned it and saw the flag of Carina, a nation-state to the south of Hades on the ocean.  This was a veteran of the war.  She looked around the body for some evidence that may have fallen from the suspect when the other inspector spoke from behind her.
"Did you want to speak with the witness?"
She stopped breathing.  "I do."
"Patrol Officer Murty here."
Slowly, Yabiz turned and saw Oris standing next to a burly man with a thick gray mustache.  He was nervously holding his hat under his right arm and fidgeting a bit with his belt.  "You saw the crime, officer?"
"From a distance, inspector.  A distance.  I gave chase, but …"  He shook his head.  
She began to breathe again and asked, "Did you signal anyone?"
"Yes, inspector.  I whistled once I knew I could not catch the suspect."
"And you saw the suspect?"
"I did."
Alara stood and walked toward him with her hands behind her back.  "Doctor, the body is yours.  Inspector, please gather the patrol officers 'round with their torches so we might see some bit of fallen evidence before the dawn."
"Yes, inspector."
"Officer Murty, let us away to the pub."
Savayas shared a look with Oris' orderly and then started to walk after Yabiz.  "Inspector, shall I …"
Without looking back, she said, "Remain here with the others and search for evidence."
"Yes, mum."
The slightly taller patrolman was to her left and they walked down the hill toward a bar she knew to be open.  The flickering of the gaslights cast wild shadows in the eaves of the offices and shops they passed.  When they came to one of the darker stretches between lampposts, she asked, "Describe the suspect."
"I fear I have little to say.  I was a street away or more.  I saw the cripple hobbling about on his crutch and then I saw a slender figure approach from behind.  The figure set upon him."  He jabbed his thumb to the left, "They fell into the hedge afterward."
"And you began to run." 
"Yes.  I wasn't certain about what I saw, you see.  It took me someways to run, I'm shamed to say.  I shouted to no avail.  Then I came upon the body and saw the assailant depart the alley from the other end.  I blew my whistle and ran again until my breath left me."
They came near another gaslight and Yabiz relaxed.  The pub was just a few paces away.  "I will buy."
"I am obliged, inspector, but I still have my rounds."
"Nonsense.  Your route is safer now than ever for there are a dozen patrol officers and the like gathered by the office towers."
He chuckled.  "I suppose you're right."
"Tell me, your patrol route," they entered the warmly lit pub and went to the counter, "were you ordered to alter it?"
"I was, inspector, I was."  Murty put his hat on the bar and Alara rested her bottom against a stool without actually sitting.  "But I am an older man and prone to habit.  I've found difficulty in maintaining my new route.  After a time each night, I fall back into my old one."  
"I see."
The bartender asked, "What'll it be?"
"A pint," he said.
"Water."  The man looked at her with a hint of disgust and she added, "I will pay for it."
While he went to pour, the inspector faced the officer.  "You saw that he was a veteran."
"I did."  The bartender slid a large tankard toward him and he gulped a bit.  "A shame."
"You served as well?"
"I did."  He looked at her.  "How did you know?"
"The way you stand.  The way you held your hat under your arm."  She picked up her glass of water and sipped.  
"Lived in Cuttack all my life.  Took part in the first worker revolts.  When the state government fell and Mangala sent in federal soldiers," he shook his head and sipped more of the beer, "I joined the Cygnan Army."
"Cygnus.  One of the first to rise against the government."
"When it was the people against the federals, the War of the States made sense to me, but when it became state against state, …"  He looked at her and said, "I'm sorry, inspector.  I should have asked.  Did you serve?"
"No.  I was raised in Mangala," Murty's eyes widened a little, "the daughter of immigrants from Lyra, but I fled as soon as I was of age."
"Hm.  Where to?"
"Here, and I became a patrol officer.  Hades was large enough to afford many opportunities but not so large as to be overwhelming."
He snorted and lifted the tankard again.  "Perhaps twenty or more years ago, yes."
"Indeed."
"State against state," he sipped, "it was ugly.  What they did to Mangala was uncalled for."
"I appreciate that."
"When the eastern states sued for peace, my commanders said they were beaten by the fighting and claimed peace to save appearances.  I didn't believe them.  I knew things was poor.  I knew the world was hurt for money with trade being gone for nearly a decade, off-world and not.  Debts were piled and banks were closed.  The workers who revolted before couldn't be paid to build the guns and machines to keep up the fight, so they revolted again."  He swirled the alcohol and watched it for a moment before he continued, "I remember being in the Ereban Mountains with a magazine of four bullets.  Those four bullets were all I had left and all I would have for the next five months.  Soldiers started to desert and walk home.  I was close to joining them before the conference was called in Hades."
"And we were named the capital of the new government, yes."  Yabiz took a deep breath and faced him directly again, "Why are you a patrol officer?"
He straightened because he sensed a shift in her tone toward one of authority.  "I felt that I had more service to give after the war."
"Admirable.  Yet, after tonight, how do you feel?"
He shrank and his voice was hollow, "Perhaps my days are behind me."
"Describe the suspect, as best as you are able."
He didn't lift his head.  "Slender.  Over a meter and a half tall, but certainly not two.  Wearing dark clothing."
"Man or woman?"
"I couldn't say."
"Hair?"
"I couldn't say."
"Skin tone?"
"I couldn't say."  Each admission seemed to wound him.
She nodded and placed a bronze coin on the bar.  "This will pay for another, patrol officer.  Thank you."
Weakly, he answered, "Thank you, inspector."
Alara left the pub and walked up the hill toward the crime scene.  There, she found the officers scouring the hedges and flowers while holding lights above their heads.  A few patrolmen were corralling a small crowd of onlookers, including a few with cameras and a woman who yelled continuously at the police.
"Was it The Sticker?!"
Journalists.
"I believe we've found all we might, inspector," Oris said.
"Thank you.  Where is the evidence?"
"Your orderly has it by your Roch."
She walked toward the vehicle and saw Savayas lowering paper bags into a box.  "Orderly.  Is this the evidence that has been gathered thus far?"
"It is, mum.  I was about to catalog it."
"No."  She knelt by him and Dylon backed away in surprise.  "I will do so."
"Mum?  This is an orderly's task."
"It may be," she turned her face toward him without really looking at him, "yet I need to familiarize myself with everything found here."
"Yes, mum."  

The lamps in the room provided very little light.  Alara knew she didn't want to see much at this point.  She could smell plenty.  Sweat, fresh and old.  The sickly sweet scent of dried ejaculate.  The acrid incense of smoked opium.  Fumarella.  And from the victim, urine evacuated upon his death.
She looked at the young man, slumped against a sofa.  Even in the low light, she could see a glass syringe dangling from the vein in the crook of his arm.  His own belt has wound about his bicep and still tight.  Yabiz rolled her eyes and left.
She walked through the hallway and the men and women of the brothel ducked back into their separate rooms.  She emerged onto the porch and took a deep breath of the comparatively clean air of Tenneytown.
"Were it The Sticker then, inspector?"
Alara's head turned slowly toward the smirking Inspector Shroff.  "He stuck himself.  Certainly, you are not so dense as to need my aid to render that conclusion."
His smile vanished and he tossed his cigarette into the dead lawn.  "We was told to send for Yabiz if'n it might be a Sticker's body."
She stepped toward him, near enough to smell his foul body odor and the cologne he covered it with.  "Do not waste my time for infantile pranks, inspector."  She turned and walked off the porch.
Shroff leaned onto the banister and yelled after her, "You don't go wastin' my time then!"
Without looking back, she responded, "When you have fifteen folders under your name, I shan't."  
Savayas was holding the door open and she slid inside.  Before he closed it, he said, "The command inspector has called for you over the wireless."
"Very well."
She was silent and sat still.  As they rode, she didn't peruse her files as she usually did.  She kept her hands clasped in her lap and her legs folded.  Her eyes scanned the tattered and dirty pedestrians of the run-down neighborhood of Tenneytown, then the merchants and horses who crossed the bridge north toward the city center, workers and transports around the smoke-spewing factories at the riverbank, and then the businessmen and sellers of the markets and commercial buildings.  Finally, she surveyed the suits and dresses of the bureaucrats and legislators around the Acropolis.  
It was a large city and traversing the bulk of its breadth took nearly twenty minutes.  With every soul she beheld out of her window, she felt the world tighten around her.  The collar of her blouse and jacket constricted her neck.  Heat flushed through her torso to her face.  Her hearing softened and her pulse pounded in her ears.  Her scalp and skull ached as though her body was trying to shrink away from everyone, too.  She took a deep breath and then another.  The worst of it faded, but a great deal remained.  As she did every day, she tried to ignore it and carry on.
The vehicle stopped before the police headquarters and Dylon opened the door.  She walked up the stairs and he called after her, "Begging your pardon, mum, I've some things to attend to.  I will return thereafter."
"I don't require you."
Yabiz went through the bustling precinct foyer and then to the lift.  The operator took her up to the fifth floor without asking.  So I've trained her at last.
She exited the elevator and walked through the rows of desks, drawing the eyes of every inspector present.  She didn't go to her desk.  She went directly to the office's door and knocked.
"Enter."
Alara walked inside and closed the door quietly.  She sat in the chair without prompting and crossed her legs.  "Command inspector."
The older woman said nothing.  She was slumped to one side in her chair and she raised a large newspaper from her lap, The Hades Herald.  Taking up a third of the space above the fold was the headline, "STICKER STRIKES AGAIN."
The inspector nodded.  "I saw the press at the scene the other night."
"Did you speak to them?"
"Of course not."
She lowered the paper and read, "'According to an inspector involved with the case, The Sticker appears to be targeting vagrants.'"
"Were I you, commander, I would speak with Oris.  He was the first inspector on the scene and the only other one present when the journalists were there."
Maison tossed the newspaper onto her desk.  "Is that true?  Is The Sticker targeting vagrants?  I would hate to learn something new about the case from this rag."
"It is true, after a fashion."  Odani groaned and Yabiz explained, "Nine of the fifteen victims could be classified as vagrants, yes.  This is not a surprise."
"Why?"
"Since the reformed government passed the Poor Laws and closed the debtor prisons, there are simply more of them out there.  Workhouses have long overflowed.  And being unemployed has been decriminalized."
The command inspector nodded.  "I remember when we used to hang vagrants."
"As do I."
The commander clicked her tongue and said, "Now the Acropolis is talking about outlawing child labor.  Did you read that?"  Yabiz nodded.  "Sure, it'll give the vagrants jobs, but what'll happen to the children?  They'll go soft, you know.  Working in the tooling factory made me who I am."  The inspector knew to just let her superior talk when she was on one of her rants.  "Did you work?"
"Yes.  A seamstress shop.  Fortunately, I was able to continue my studies in the evenings.  Returning to the vagrants, …"
"Right."
"There are many targets of opportunity for The Sticker thanks to the economy and politics of the day, and more often than not, they are vagrants."
Maison sighed and leaned back in her chair.  "Do you know why I hate the sunset?"
"No, commander."
She pointed at her door.  "It sets behind the Wall and the light makes it so I can see each and every folder hung there through my glass."  Alara turned and glanced at the frosted windows.  "Every evening, I see the shadows of the eight folders under your name and I know there are seven more besides.  It reminds me of the weight of this thing, and with each new folder, I feel the noose about my neck tighten."
"I understand."
"If you're not feeling it yourself, you should."  The inspector didn't answer.  "Please tell me you have something new."
"This morning, I received word from the eighth and final commercial producer of herbicides." 
Odani sat up a little.  "And?"
"No match.  Wherever The Sticker is getting their strychnine, it is not from a commercial producer."  While the commander shook her head, Yabiz continued, "Each of their analyses confirms the same.  The herbicide is homemade, perhaps in a small batch, due to the toxicity level, as well as the amount of impurities."
"Impurities?"
"Yes.  Among other things, I have been told to search for iron, perhaps iron pots or iron distillation coils, because there is an excess of oxidized iron in the poison."
"Do the companies not use iron themselves?"
She shook her head.  "Copper or steel, mostly."
"What of the belt?"
"I have gone over the strangulation wounds with necrology and found several belts readily available that may match.  Unfortunately, there is nothing terribly unique about the possibilities thus far, so linking any one belt to a suspect is unlikely."
Maison nodded.  "What's next?"
"I will journey to the countryside beyond the city and inquire about herbicides with the farmers, and searching the properties thereof where I feel it is appropriate."
"Have you any idea how many farmers that must be, inspector?"
"I have complied the list, so yes, command inspector."
"Please hurry, inspector."  She tapped the newspaper.  "This has shortened the rope for both of us, I fear."
"I understand."  She stood and walked toward the door.
"Inspector," Alara looked back at Odani, "if there are too many more murders, I can make no promises."
"What do you mean?"
"The commissioner and chief inspector have told me they do not like the idea of a single inspector on these cases.  There was talk of creating a … dedicated squad should The Sticker continue unabated."
Yabiz glanced toward the floor and then at her commander.  "Did you tell them that I am dealing with this?"
"I know you're good, inspector."
"I am the best, command inspector."
Maison snorted in a half laugh and continued, "They don't know that.  Or care.  All they know is the newspapers are trumpeting more bodies and the public is wondering why only a single inspector is dealing with it."
Alara nodded.  "Very well, command inspector." 
She left the office and went to her desk, picking up the notebook there.  She returned to the elevator, descended to the precinct, and then exited onto the street in time to see Savayas pull up in the Roch.
"Good timing, eh?" he said as he got out from behind the wheel.  Yabiz was standing by the rear door, staring at the handle, and she said nothing.  The young man ran to it and opened it for her to get inside.  Moments later, the long car turned about in the road and Dylon asked, "Where are we going, mum?"
"West of the city.  Old Silver Road."
"What's out there?"
"Farms."
Immediately, he slammed on the brakes and the car skidded to a stop.  A crowd of pedestrians was there and one woman furiously banged on the hood.  The orderly raised his hands and yelled back while Alara looked out her window at the alabaster white Acropolis.
Damned building.

It was well after midnight.  Gaslights dotted the plaza in front of the tall columns of the Acropolis.  The day's session was long finished, but some representatives continued their work into the night.  Delegate Haimi Amble descended the front steps and walked into the open space, past the young trees planted to mark the renewal of Canceron's democracy a decade ago.  She stayed under the gaslights along a lengthy path to the north, toward the hotels where many delegates were staying during the session.  She looked about for another soul and she saw someone in khaki on the far side of the plaza walking in the other direction.  A patrol officer.  She felt a little better.
She eventually neared the end of the Acropolis' open space and walked by a darkened lamppost.  Then she passed a larger, older tree.  That's when the belt went over her head and around her throat.
Amble tried to scream but couldn't.  She dropped her case and reached behind herself, but couldn't grab anything.  She tried to run and she felt the weight of the assailant being dragged.  Then they jumped up, planting their knee in her back and wrenching the belt even harder.  The delegate stumbled into the grass and lay there, kicking and flailing while the attacker kept their weight on her back.  Finally, she went unconscious.
After a few extra seconds to be certain, the attacker loosened the belt.  They felt along the neck and then bent Amble's head to one side.  In the faint light from the street ahead, they raised a syringe and checked its level before sticking the needle into her jugular.

When Yabiz stepped off the lift, she could hear the screaming.
She walked toward the far end and every inspector stared at her as she walked by.  She wondered at this for a moment until she began to make out the screams.
"One inspector!  Sixteen frakking murders now, and one inspector!"
Alara adjusted her course and walked through the gauntlet of stares toward the office door.  When she knocked, a man yelled, "What?!"
"Inspector Yabiz, sir."
The door was jerked open and a short, older man was standing there.  "Get in here."
She entered and walked to the right of Maison's desk.  The command inspector was sitting behind it, appearing angry and wounded under the barrage of two senior staff.  The short man was Commissioner Bumb and next to him stood Chief Inspector Barnfather.  Both were in their dress browns and both wore expressions of barely contained rage.
"Inspector Yabiz," Barnfather began, "the commissioner and I spent an hour on the phone with Anser this morning, trying to explain to the governor of Vulpecula how their delegate was killed on the grounds of the Acropolis itself."
"If I may ask," Alara interjected, "what did you say?"
He angrily replied, "I should have said that there is a killer on the loose in Hades and the one inspector tasked to the case has not yet accomplished her goal!"
Bumb jumped in, "How many bodies do you need, inspector?!  Eh?  How many corpses will give you enough evidence to catch The Sticker?!"
She ticked her head to one side.  "More bodies provide more evidence."
"Inspector Yabiz!"  Odani jumped to her feet, "The time for your shit has passed!"
"You will have to forgive me, commanders, for not acquiescing to this farce."
"'Farce?!'" Bumb repeated.
The inspector did not shrink.  "Will you also be berating the patrol commander who did not see fit to increase the number of officers around the Acropolis while it is in session, particularly at night?  Or the city's maintenance staff who allowed a gaslight to remain inoperable despite it being reported more than a month ago?"
Bumb threw his hands up and grumbled, "Why, Jupiter?"
"Or will you speak with Councilor Khitfa, who also sits on the board of Great Valley Gas, and ask him why he continues to block efforts at converting our city's lights to electricity?"
Barnfather took a few steps toward her.  "And what about you, inspector?  You haven't caught him, so he's still free to kill."
"The Sticker won't kill again."
"What?"  Barnfather looked at Bumb and then looked back.  "Why do you say that?"
Alara held her hands behind her back and said, "Do you know the average time between their kills?"  No one answered. "Two weeks.  I will catch them before they kill again."
Bumb laughed and shook his head.  "Why the frak should we believe you?!"
"Because I am working the cases."
Bumb almost laughed again but Barnfather exploded, "You have been working the cases for over a month!"  He stepped directly in front of her, right in her face, "You haven't frakking caught him yet!"
Without taking her eyes off the chief just centimeters away from her, she said in equal volume, "Command inspector, how many new cases did I have last year?"
"About a dozen, I believe."
"Fourteen," Yabiz loudly corrected.  "How many of them are still unsolved today?"
"None."
"Zero."  She glared at Barnfather intensely until he finally took a step back.  "If you look at my record, you will see that this is not an aberration.  Based upon the numbers, I am the best inspector in Homicide.  If anyone will catch this person, it will be me."
In a more even tone, Bumb asked, "Do you have a suspect?"
"I have a list, and I have narrowed it."
The commanders shared a look and Barnfather asked, "Can we tell the press that?"
"And warn the suspect?"  Alara scoffed, "I think not, Chief Barnfather."
The taller man became angry again and the commissioner put his hand on the chief's arm.  "How much longer do you need?"
"A week, at minimum."
Barnfather turned toward Bumb and they whispered for a moment.  Then, the commissioner raised his head and said, "You have your week.  After that, we create the squad."
Barnfather growled, "Without your help, inspector."
Bumb then raised a single finger, "And if another body falls, that's it."
"I understand, sirs."
The two men left the office and Barnfather loudly slammed the door shut behind them.
Odani fell into her chair and heaved a long, loud sigh.  "A week?"
"A week."
"I didn't know you were that close."
Yabiz looked at the command inspector and said nothing for a few seconds.  "I am."

It was late and the apartment was dark.  Orderly Savayas put his keys on the table by the door, locked the latch, and picked up a lantern.  After a quick squeeze of the starter, the wick was lit and its globe cast light into the room.  
He went toward the sofa, placed the lantern on the table, and thought about reading for a while, until he was sleepy.  As he stood there contemplating it, he took a deep breath and smelled an earthy, bitter scent.  He went across the room toward the kitchen and pulled the chain on the electric lamp there.
On the stove sat a pair of cast-iron pots, filled with liquid.  Iron coils stretched from the lid of one to the other.  On the counter next to them was a mortar and pestle, a basket of an orange fruit, and various bottles and boxes of other ingredients.  Near the edge, a glass syringe sat atop a leather pouch.  
Dylon went to it and picked it up.  He held it toward the light and moved it from side to side to see if any liquid remained inside.  After he replaced it on the counter, he turned and saw a wide hemp belt coiled on the small table.  He picked that up, too.
"Dylon Savayas."
He turned and saw Yabiz holding a gun on him.  It was the first time she had ever said his name.  "Inspector?  What are you doing here?"
"I've come and I find you holding the belt with which you subdue your victims."  She nodded toward the stove, "I've found the makings of the poison-nut herbicide.  And the syringe you use to kill your victims."
The young man's mouth hung open and he turned back and forth.  "What?"
"I am placing you under arrest for the murders of sixteen people."
"I didn't!  Inspector, you know I haven't!"  As though it had suddenly become hot, he threw the belt onto the floor.  "I just came home!  And, and, and I found all of this!  I swear by the gods that I don't know where this came from!"  His breathing was panicked and he backed into the kitchen farther until he bumped into a chair against the wall.  He stared in terror at his inspector – his mentor – in the living room and the revolver aimed at him.  "It's not me!"  
"Do not fight this."
He stopped moving.  He glanced around the room.  "How did you get in here?"  He looked again at the stove and the pots there.  Yabiz stepped forward into the kitchen's light and entered the frame of the door, standing above the belt on the floor.  Seeing her, together with the belt and next to the makings of the poison, his eyes widened and he gasped.  "You are The Sticker."
Alara's eyes narrowed and she turned her head a little.  "Did you not already suspect me?"
"What?  No!"
"Perhaps I gave you too much credit."  She pulled the trigger.

When she exited the elevator onto the fifth floor of the police headquarters, the people in all three investigative sections began pounding their hands on their desks.  Three dozen inspectors, officers, and other workers, slammed their palms or fists on the tabletops, filling the cavernous space with a cacophony.
Yabiz smiled and bowed her head a little at the rare honor.  She walked through the rows and deeper into the noise.  Though it pained her ears, the "desk applause" was a tradition on the completion of a significant case, and she had looked forward to this moment.  When she finally reached the Homicide section of the Investigative Division, she looked toward the Wall and saw Thomas on his ladder, removing the folders from their hooks under her name.
Maison walked from her office clapping her hands with both Bumb and Barnfather behind her.  Uncharacteristically, they were smiling and applauding, too.  When Odani reached Alara, she raised her hands high and the desk pounding ceased.  "Inspector Yabiz," she began loudly, "congratulations."
"Thank you, command inspector."
They shook hands and everyone applauded in the usual sense for a moment.  Maison stepped to one side and gestured toward her open door.  "My office, please."
"Of course."
All four of them entered and Yabiz stood on the right side of the desk while the commissioner, chief inspector, and command inspector sat.  The latter opened her desk and removed the bottle of arrack and a set of four small glasses.  "It should be sparkling sharap but this will have to do."  She poured a few centimeters worth of the brown liquid into each and distributed them.  Alara was slow to reach for hers, but she didn't want to miss a single element of her fete.  She sniffed it and once she smelled through the overwhelming alcohol content, she noticed some rather floral elements.  After a sip and a wince, she could taste them, too.
"Inspector," Bumb said after downing all of his, "how did you know?"
She stared into the glass and shook it, allowing the drink to swirl.  "I grew concerned that so many preventative measures had so little effect, namely the increase in patrols and shifting of routes.  For a time, I believed that The Sticker was merely observant, but then I had the disturbing thought that they might be someone privy to such knowledge."
"'Disturbing,' indeed," Barnfather said.
"There were occasions wherein my orderly was tardy or requested time away.  I considered these merely an annoyance.  He had worked several cases with me in his year with the unit and he often asked questions and seemed unduly interested in the investigations."
Incredulous, Maison said, "He asked questions at a crime scene?  While you were processing?" 
"He did."  The others shook their heads.  "Again, an annoyance.  Then I noticed his scent."
"Scent?" Bumb chuckled.
"Yes.  I have a sensitive nose.  His scent changed.  It became bitter and earthy some time ago, not unlike a herbal tea, yet there was something additional I could not identify.  It was only after I visited a farmer who made his own herbicide that I was able to place it.  I followed him and saw him drive a Roch to a forest off Old Silver Road where poison-nut trees could be found.  He emerged carrying a basket of the tree's fruit, from which the poison seeds would be extracted.  Then I followed him home and attempted my arrest."
Barnfather finished his drink and placed it back on the command inspector's desk.  "Well, as pleased as we are that The Sticker's crimes are at an end, we are concerned about the appearance of this outcome to the public."
The commissioner shook his head, "One of our officers, a killer of sixteen.  When we address the people and press this afternoon, we must take pains to emphasize that he was new to the Force, having been employed for less than two years.  That, despite his inexperience, he had gained enough knowledge and information to carry out his crimes and conceal them."
Yabiz began, "If I may make a suggestion, …"
"Please," Bumb said.
"Say that all orderlies and officers will be screened more intensively in the future, including for their demeanors and histories."
Barnfather squinted, "Would that have prevented him from coming to Homicide?"
"If you wished to filter out inappropriateness, perhaps.  But a thorough history would have told me that he was the son of a farmer, something I did not discover until I compiled my list of people to interview about the herbicide.  And it would have mentioned his arrest three years ago for assault, something I did not discover until my suspicions were roused."
"Damn," Odani mumbled into her glass.
"Thank you, inspector," Bumb said.  "I will discuss that with the other chiefs."
"Certainly, sir."
The two men stood and nodded at Maison.  "Command inspector."  Odani stood as they went to Alara and shook her hand.  "Inspector."
"Sirs."  They smiled again and left.
Maison sat.  "You've saved us both."
"You are welcome."
She laughed.  "After the press meeting this afternoon, if you would like a few days free, you may have it."
"Thank you, commander, but I would prefer to work.  My name no longer has any active cases beneath it."
"Yeah," Odani reclined a bit and smiled.  "I needn't dread the sunset any longer."
"My gift to you, command inspector."  Yabiz bowed a little and turned toward the door.  
The supervisor spoke before she could leave, "I'll try to have a new orderly for you soon."
"If it is acceptable to you," the inspector looked over her shoulder, "I believe I would prefer to work without one for a time."
Maison nodded.  "I understand."
Beyond the office door, the business of the Investigative Division had resumed normality.  Inspectors were on phones or writing their paperwork.  Runners took notes and messages from desk to desk or ran to the stairs.  Suppressed angry conversation could be heard from the contained interrogation room near the center of the floor.
Alara scanned it all and then glanced at the Wall and the blank space of the window beneath her name.  She then walked toward the wide windows on her right and stared at Hades.  Buildings as far as the eye could see.  Streets clogged with vehicles and horses and walks choked with people.  Seeing it made her throat tighten until she nearly couldn't breathe.
"Sweet Jupiter," Inspector Arkwhite said.  He was leaning back in his chair reading a newspaper with his feet propped on his desktop.  "Listen to this shit, Thabet."
"Yeah?"
"'According to the Canceron Department of Health and Disease, the population of our world surged beyond one billion,'" he paused for effect, "'for the first time in history last month.'"
Hearing that made Yabiz's eye start to twitch.  She felt the tightness descend on her again.  The inspectors continued their conversation behind her, but it was muffled as her heartbeat banged in her ears.  She became somewhat dizzy and she braced herself against the glass.  She blinked quickly and looked again at the city below and the many hundreds of people who went about their day.
Still too many people.
XXIV
GANIKA
Unknown Years Before Activation

"Your life is intriguing," the voice said.
The tall, grizzled man squinted in the darkness and answered, "How do you figure?"
"You come from a family of miners and you followed them.  Then, you rose through the ranks of the Company to join the leadership."
A female voice spoke next, "Only to abandon what could have been a life of luxury to become a self-educated scholar in the wilderness of Canceron."
"Yeah?"  Barret looked from the general direction of one voice to another.  "What about it?"
"It feels … incongruous."
Ganika chuckled and shook his head.  "Because I spent years in the mines, I can't use my brain?"
"Not all.  I mean to say …"
"The dust damaged my lungs; not my mind."  He waited for a voice but none spoke.  "Nor my eyes.  I could look around and see the shit stacked like firewood."
Warily, the female said, "You must admit that it is unusual for someone of your background to shift the path of their life as late as you did."
Barret squinted again and thought.  "I'll grant you that."
"Thank you."
"Like the song says, 'If I had me any sense, I'd pack right up and disappear.'  I have plenty of sense, so I did."
The male voice said, "After you left the Company, you went from city to city before you finally settled far away from civilization."
"Eh.  I found myself growing uncomfortable bein' near to so many people.  And the cities were boomin'."
The voice continued, "You spent your remaining years penning critiques of Canceron society.  As someone who experienced a bit of both sides, this put you in a good position for such a thing."
"Thank you for reading," he reached up to tip the brim of his hat, but he realized too late that he wasn't wearing it.  "Which was your favorite?"  This was the preferred trap employed by Ganika when he encountered someone who claimed to have read his tracts.  More often than not, he caught some effete elite in a lie.
"'The Gravity of Aristocracy.'" 
Barret raised his eyebrows.  "That's a favorite of mine, as well."
"Your observations on how ruling classes inevitably coalesce even in a society that claims to desire the rule of the people was inspired."
"Well, inspired by what I saw around me, but yes.  Inspired."  Ganika put his hands in his pockets.  "Tell me.  You're a pair of smart people or whatever.  Do you think it holds true?  Beyond Cancer, that is?"
"Without question," the male said.
The female said, "We have observed the formation and collapse, by one means or another, of many thousands of governments which claim 'rule of the people' as their guide."
"'Thousands,'" he whispered.
"All of them evolved an elite class if it wasn't already present at the start."
"Hm."  Barret raised his chin with some pride.  "'Those who don't have a taste for power will acquire it when it's served up on a plate.'"
"'Especially when it's presented with a willing population in a tall, cool glass.'" As the male finished reciting the line, Ganika laughed.  "Since you find such fault with Canceron's democracy, what system of government would you prefer?"
He pointed his finger toward the darkness.  "That's the question of a ruler.  Someone who's part of an elite class of some sort."
"It is a question you were asked many times," the female responded, "and failed to answer."
"True.  You got me there."  
"Of the systems you know," the male said, "which would you choose?"
"Only the one.  The one system I believe in."  Barret grinned, "No system."
"None?"
"No authority at all."
"You didn't write about that."
"I'm pretty sure it wouldn't be a practical choice for the tens of thousands, or even hundreds of thousands of people who decide to live together in cities and the like.  I knew it was right for me, though, as I lived alone in the forest and foothills of the mountains."
"Did you enjoy your solitary life?  Did you enjoy such an expression of self-reliance?"
"You know what," Ganika jammed his hands in his pockets again, "I did.  I really did."  His eyes glazed over in thought before he finally said, "Most folk couldn't live that alone.  Despite the ills visited upon them by it, most people need a government of some kind or another.  Not me.  I suppose that's only because of the life I lived beforehand.  And the people I knew.  It's about trust."
"Why trust?"
He smirked.  "I had no reason to trust most of the people I knew, and they sure gave me plenty of reasons not to trust them.  I could only trust myself.  Like I said, that's fine for me; not a whole planet."

END OF BOOK SIX



I
BALTAR
Unknown Years Before Activation

"Hello, Gaius."
He opened his eyes and turned to see a familiar face, and yet one he hadn't seen in decades.  "My God.  It's you."  Six smiled and he nervously looked in the darkness around himself and stammered, "Why, why are you here?  You said …"
"Don't worry.  I'm not back in your life."
"Oh.  Good."  The platinum blonde moved around him in her red dress.  "Not that it isn't nice to see you again, you understand."
"You're dead."
His faint smile faded and he blinked once.  "What?"
"You were seventy-three on a primitive world," Six said, "and that's no small feat."
"Seventy-three."  Baltar reached up to his face and didn't feel the wrinkles he had gotten used to.  His fingers probed toward his scalp and around to the nape of his neck where he felt plenty of hair, unlike his most recent memories.  "I'm afraid you've caught me rather off guard."
He heard a cackling laugh.  An old laugh.  A shiver raced over his skin and he turned to see his father, sitting in that damned chair, waving the end of his cane at him.
"There he is!  The boy who ran away, ashamed of his family, ashamed of his home!"  Julius laughed again and nearly fell from the chair, "And what happened?  He became everything he ran away from!  He got his hands dirty, doin' a hard days' work," Gaius moved closer to the old man, "he got old and wrinkled, like his father!"
Baltar reached toward him to try and snatch that cane for once and he saw spots appear on his hand and his knuckles bend with arthritis.  Gaius withdrew and brought his hand closer to his face and Julius laughed again.
"Frakkin' awful thing, that!  Turnin' into the thing what you hate most!"
Baltar closed his eyes and took a deep breath.  He turned in a circle and looked at Six again.  "Why is he here?"
She looked around him to Julius.  "Why do you hate him?"
"Aye, Gaius," he mocked with an exaggerated version of his Aerilan accent, "why do ye hate me so?"
He ignored Julius and looked into the woman's eyes.  "You really aren't her, are you?  Because she and I, we had this conversation many times."
Six smiled.  "I never said I was her."
"Really?"  Baltar squinted.  "If you did not explicitly say so, you most certainly implied it."
"Mm," she said.  "The question remains."
"Ah."
Julius called out, "Answer the girl, Gaius."
Baltar rolled his eyes and closed them quickly but he did not face his father.  After he took a breath, he looked at Six and said, "You know about Aerilon.  Stubborn and self-reliant to the point of madness.  Perfectly happy to suffer so long as they may do so alone.  I heard a great deal of that working-class hero nonsense growing up and I also knew, at an early age, that I wanted … desperately … to leave."
"Tell her about your accent, boy," Julius said.
Gaius ignored him.  "So I worked.  I worked on myself and I worked to earn money so I could leave and be educated, unlike so many of those around me."
His father tried to interrupt, "He started to talk like a damned Virgan when he was just ten.  Ten!"
Still, Baltar ignored him.  "When one is raised and taught about relying on one's self and one's own accomplishments, I think it fairly natural for that sense to evolve into a kind of selfishness."  Six smiled and he continued, "I built everything I had.  Three Magnate prizes, academic and corporate positions, multiple appearances in media across all the worlds, and no small amount of money …"  He realized he was beaming as he listed his achievements, so he tempered his smile and looked at Six from the side.  "Regardless.  Everything I had, I earned.  I built myself up and therefore was overprotective."
"You sought to preserve what you had, even though it was all lost after the attack."
"Yes.  Though I still had my name.  And my prestige."  The wry grin crept back onto his face.
"Is that why your sense of self-preservation manifested itself so," Six paused as she searched for the word, "flagrantly?"
Gaius chuckled and said, "Yes."  Just as quickly, his demeanor shifted and he looked toward the floor.  "That and no small amount of fear for the consequences of my actions."
Julius shook his head and loudly tsked in the background.  Six looked around Gaius and stared at the old man.  "Why do you hate your father?"
"I don't hate him," he said and Julius laughed again, "I hate everything he represents.  I don't like being reminded of where I came from," he paused and let his shoulders drop, "or who I used to be.  Everything I did for … twenty years was to get away from that place and those people.  Everything I built was a shield, and yet, there were breaches."
Six took his hand in hers.  "Like when your mother died and Julius had nowhere to go."
Baltar sighed.  "Yes."
"In all of your years living on Earth, with her," Six said, "did you reflect on this part of your past often?"
"Of course I did.  We had nothing but time in between maintaining our home or tending our crops or what have you."  He saw the smirk "Head Six" bore.  "And, yes, I eventually realized that I was, indeed, becoming my father."  
She stepped aside and gestured toward Julius.  "He's here.  Is there anything you'd like to say?"
Gaius only glanced at him before looking at her again.  "He's not here."
"What do you mean?"
"I know how you work.  I mean, I can guess at it."  Using his fingers to point, he continued, "If you're you, and he's not some construct of yours, then he's the other one.  The one who looked like me."
His father said, "Gaius, we are imbued with the memories and emotions of those we represent.  I am as much Julius Baltar as she is your Six."
"Yeah, but," he shrugged, "you're not.  And she's not."
"And you're not you either, boy!" the old man cackled.
"Fine, Gaius," Six said.  "Consider this therapy for yourself.  Your father died at The Regency rest home, right?"  
He nodded.  "In the attack, I presume."
"And how many times did you visit him before that?"
"Once."
"That didn't go well, did it?"  He shook his head and finally looked at his father fully.  "This is your chance to say goodbye and unburden yourself."
"'Unburden,'" he grumbled.  "It's been …"  He looked around the black room.  "I don't know how long it's been."
"You lived another thirty-nine years after he died," she said.  "Did you ever wish you had one more moment with him?  A chance to either fully embrace your past or fully separate yourself from it?"
Gaius' head was tilted downward and he looked up at her through his eyebrows.  He sighed long and hard and slowly walked toward the ratty pea-green recliner that had been in their home on a dairy farm just outside of Cuffle's Breath Wash.  Remembering the details and the smells with each step, his lips twisted and his nostrils flared.  Finally, he knelt before the old man and his eye was drawn to the cane.
"Dad …"
"There he is," Julius said, "using his fancy accent 'cause he's ashamed of us."
Gaius huffed and said, "Can't you make this a little easier for me?"
The elder Baltar leaned forward and said, "Wouldn't be real if it were easy."
The son nodded and said, "Da."  Julius smiled and reclined.  "I've given a lot of thought to my childhood, and how you treated me."
"Mmm," the old man said, "here we go."
Gaius spoke softly and haltingly.  "You may be expecting me to say that I forgive you.  I do not.  I cannot."
"I didn't ask you to forgive me."
"You wouldn't.  Because you were as stubborn as anyone.  Moreso."  He straightened and suddenly found it difficult to gather the words that he had occasionally rehearsed in his head so long ago.  "You abused me."  It didn't surprise Gaius when his father began to chuckle.  "That cane.  That image of a cane.  Do you remember when you broke it?"
Julius raised it and looked at it more closely.  "Aye."
"You broke it over my back when I was fourteen.  Fourteen!"  His voice cracked at the end and he paused to gather himself.  "I wouldn't dare guess at how many times you raised your hand to me but that was an easy one to remember.  The snap of that wood and the pain shooting through me.  Me, lying on the floor wondering if that was the sound of my spine, and all that fear …"
Julius appeared smug with his lower jaw jutted out and his lip folded up.  "Fear o' what?  Fear that I'd do you in proper?"
"No.  Fear that I was crippled and that I'd be stuck there, with you, for the rest of my life."  Baltar stood up and sniffed before he continued.  "I won't forgive you, but I will ask that you forgive me."  Julius' eyes widened.  "You see, you were who you were.  Shaped and molded by your world and the people around you.  You were raised how you were raised and you tried to raise me the same.  It was all you knew.  That and cows.  So, I can't forgive what you did but I at least can understand it.  I, on the other hand, got away.  I sought to better myself in every manner possible, and by most accounts, I did.  Yet when the time came for me to care for you, I fell into your patterns.  I abused you.  I took out my frustrations on you, both through violence and neglect.  For that, I am sorry."
Julius shook his head.  "'Abuse,'" he mocked.  "I might be old but I can take a swattin' with a paper or a broom.  If you want to have a go in the yard for old time's sake, I'm game.  I can still do you in with me hands.  Maybe have a go at your spine again."
"I'm sure."
Six stepped to Gaius' side and asked Julius, "Were you proud of him?"  Gaius scoffed.
"Of course I was."
Baltar's eyes widened and he stepped forward.  "What?"
"You were an ungrateful bastard for everything you did and leavin' home in a rush, changin' yerself, ignoring us, but I saw you on the telly, and you had enough to help when the bank took the farm and when yer ma died.  You really made somethin' of yerself."
"You never said you were proud of me," Gaius said as he knelt in front of him again.  "You never thanked me for bringing you to Caprica."
Julius shrugged.  "Why should I have to say it?  I feel it."
Baltar's head wobbled in frustration and he stood again, "Because, sometimes, people need to hear it!"
"You were a selfish git!" his father said.  "And you wanted no part of us anymore, so why should I?"
Gaius inhaled deeply and then nodded.  "You're right.  I was selfish."
"Not always."  Six tilted her head and studied him.  Her fingers brushed over his shoulders and he tensed.  "On Earth, you demonstrated on more than a few occasions a real sense of community.  Perhaps with a disregard for your own well-being.  Especially in the flood nine years after you settled …"  
"Yes," he looked away as if the memory pained him, "I had to help.  I had to do something.  I wouldn't be able to look my wife in the eye if I did nothing."
Six shook her head.  "There was more to it than that."
"Perhaps."
"It was a sense of community, wasn't it?"  She smiled and said, "For once, Gaius Baltar thought about more than himself."
He rolled his eyes.  "More than just the once."
"You changed on Earth.  Really changed."  Six raised her chin and grinned with pride.  "You were molded by your world and the people around you, and made better for it."
Baltar looked up at her and said, "Those four years or so after the attack – aboard Galactica, on New Caprica – were the loneliest years of my life."  Her eyebrows flicked upward and he added, "Save your presence, naturally.  I was profoundly alone and wracked with fear and guilt.  Once that was gone and once I accepted God, fully, into my life," Julius groaned behind him, "I began to feel more at ease, yet still not satisfied.  Once she and I were reunited, and we lived on Earth, …"  
He turned and looked into the blackness.  He closed his eyes and imagined himself there, on that knoll that looked over the fields down toward their house between the two mountains.  The creek shone like silver and the green plants waved in the light breeze before him.  Grass and flowers covered the long roofs of the house which touched the ground, revealing only peeks at the light wood of their walls or the dark metal of a recycled Raptor conduit that was their stovepipe.  When the door opened and she stepped into the sunlight, Gaius' throat clenched and he watched as the breeze caught some of her long, blond hair.
"I was home.  Truly home.  And I was never alone again."
II
MAC MODAN
1,548 Years After Colonization

Domhaghart Mac Modan was a tall man with a square chin but round cheeks.  His eyes were a bright green though he kept them narrowed under the strands of chestnut hair that fell over his forehead from under his officer's hat.  He sat upon his horse and looked across the rolling hills where the hosts of the Celtan forces arrayed themselves.  They had some three thousand on horseback, armed with rifles, lances, swords, and more.  They had a further twelve thousand on foot armed likewise.  Beside each company of cavalry, there sat a vehicle in wait.  Sixty altogether, most were farming trucks and tractors, but huge plates of metal were added to the sides and gunners and cannon were placed on top.  They had had all been fitted with wide, knobby tires to better climb and descend the hills toward the invaders.  Their engines were off at the moment to preserve precious fuel and Mac Modan awaited their start for he knew that the time would then be near.
He glanced over his shoulder into the town of Bandon and tried to see the eighteen aircraft that sat in the town square, ready to take flight from the main eastern road.  This would be a surprise for the Virgans who had not seen the Celtans using such vehicles in this war for independence thus far.  
While he stared at Bandon, he thought of his family in Glin Rath, his wife and sons.  The county was now under the king's control, and it was all he could do to keep himself from deserting and racing like mad to get to them.  He felt rage blended with sorrow, so he turned away from the town and looked toward the far ridge where the line of Redshirts stood watch.  
He heard the makeshift battle vehicles start their engines, so Mac Modan took a deep breath.  "Ceannfort," his captain said, "I have the signal."
He nodded once and stood up in his stirrups.  He withdrew his saber and waved it three times over his head.  "Celtans!" he cried, "for home!  For hearth!  For the Holy Council!  Gearr tríothu!"
The cavalry and infantry near him repeated, three times, "Gearr tríothu!"
Other commandants gave similar speeches, and soon, all of the Celtans were roused and shouting.  Behind them, the drummers and pipers began to play and the vehicles tore great gouts of soft soil and long, blue-green grass into the air as their tires spun and they launched ahead.  
The infantry ran and the horses moved around their flanks and ahead of them.  The vehicles proved slower than expected and some cavalry units ended up far ahead of them.  Unfortunately, they were caught up in the first volleys from the enemy cannon.  Bursts from the trucks launched into the Virgan positions over the hill and bursts from nearer Bandon whistled overhead before plunging into the hills and exploding forth showers of smoke and shrapnel.
The Redshirts began marching.  Line after line after line came over the ridge and they kept moving despite the artillery fire.  With less than two hundred meters between the first soldiers and the advancing Celtan vehicles, the king's soldiers dropped to their knees or lay prone on the ground to aim their weapons.  Rifle reports and smoke blew across the soft valleys and the rush of infantry was dented.  Some horsemen fell from their saddles.  The converted battle wagons, however, were undaunted and pressed ahead.
They closed the distance and kept firing, sending Redshirts into pieces or into the air.  But as they cleared one line of low hills before climbing the main ridge of the enemy position, Virgan ram-cars rode over the ridges on the flanks and engulfed them.  The inexperienced Celtan drivers tried to head back toward their own still-advancing cavalry and infantry, but the ram-cars opened fire.  The small cannon proved enough to break apart the hastily assembled armor or to find enough room to get a round into the vehicles' cabins.  A third of the Celtans' vehicles were destroyed in the first moments and then the ram-cars lived up to their namesake by driving alongside the fleeing tractors and trucks, pushing their riveted hides into the rear panels of the Celtans.  Several vehicles turned and began to roll, while others tried, futilely, to ram the Virgans back.  
When Mac Modan and his cavalry entered the battle, their vehicles were all but gone and the ram-cars began to plow into the sides of horses.  He saw that three of the enemy vehicles were stuck in the wet mud thrown up by their conflict, so Domhaghart waved his sword again and pointed his companies toward their position.  A few soldiers tossed explosives into the viewports of the stationary ram-cars, which was followed by muffled thuds that spewed smoke from the vehicles.  While some eliminated those threats, the horses and infantry under his command pushed up the hill toward the Redshirts.  Seeing the approach of so many wild-eyed Celtans, they were now standing to fire their rifles with their swords ready to be drawn.
Horses plunged into them hard and the men and women atop them swung their sabers and jabbed their lances freely.  Dozens of Redshirts were sent into the grass and mud and the melee enveloped all their lines.  Mac Modan slashed several and turned his horse back toward the advancing infantry.  Rifle fire continued all around him and one bullet grazed his green-clad shoulder.  When he neared a Celtan sergeant, he saw a pair of ram-cars plowing up the hill toward their position with high fins of dirt pouring from their tires.
"Clear out!  Clear out!" he yelled, but the ram-cars tore into the Celtan line and bowled over dozens of men.  Blood blended with soil and clouded the blue sky above Dom's head, and he didn't see the approach of a ram-car on his right.  His horse, Kinsale, took the brunt of the impact, which sent the commandant off his saddle and into the mud.  Battle raged above him with both Virgans and Celtans firing their rifles at close range while some hacked with their blades.  Lying on the ground, Mac Modan raised his head, shook it once, and withdrew his pistol from his holster.  He aimed toward the clean, white pants legs of the Virgans and fired four times, striking five people and dropping them to the ground.  A corporal reached down and pulled up on Domhaghart's arms.  Once he was erect and steady, he turned to face the woman and thank her, but a bullet had just struck her cheek.  She collapsed into the muck and an approaching Virgan sword caused him to pivot and fire.  While he battled alongside his men, covered in cold, wet mud and blood, he wondered about the aeroplanes.  When will they join the fight?  As soon as he thought it, he heard the high-pitched whine of their engines overhead.
He smiled and watched them pass.  Each of their two cannon fired one round per second, working in a staggered fashion so that a large-caliber bullet was loosed every half-second from each plane.  They swept low near the ridgetops and fired into the Redshirts repeatedly.  It might have been his imagination, but it seemed to Mac Modan that the push from the Virgan side weakened and the Celtans began to move farther up the hill.  He found a Virgan sword on the ground and picked it up, having lost his and his rifle when he was knocked off Kinsale.  He lifted it high and yelled, "Push up the hill!  Gearr tríothu!"
The Celtans rallied and made good on their energy for a moment.  Then, Dom heard an explosion.  He looked into the sky and saw one of the Celtan aircraft spinning out of control and on fire.  A flaming shape stretched out from the ground with a trail of smoke behind it and tore into the side of another Celtan ship.  And another.  Before he could grasp what was happening, Virgan planes swooped overhead and began raking the ground with their own cannon and guns. 
It's over now.
One of the Virgan aircraft banked over the top of the ridge as fresh lines of Redshirts descended it.  Its wide wings cut across the sky and its large engines roared as it slowed and began to fire on Mac Modan's companies.  He was caught in a crush of Celtans who had been trying to ascend the hill but now found themselves trapped.  
May the gods embrace me.
The plane's cannon felled four men near him and sprayed blood into his face.  The men surged down the hill and Dom was pushed with them toward some of the few remaining cavalry.  A ram-car pushed up the hill and forced infantry against the horses.  One of them reared up in fear and its hoof cracked against Mac Modan's skull, knocking him unconscious.

When he awoke, his head throbbed.  His eyes were bleary and he looked down at himself.  Seeing his clean shirt and hands, he was confused and lifted them.  
"You're awake."
Dom looked to his left slowly; any faster and his head would swim.  There sat a woman with dark hair in close curls about her head.  She wore a black suit with a ruffled white undershirt and a pale blue tie around her neck.  He knew her to be a Virgan of some sort by both the color of the tie and her accent, but he couldn't guess what.
"I wondered if you might recover at all, given your injuries."  She stood over him and held her hands behind her back.  "A fractured skull.  A broken foot.  Two cracked ribs.  You are quite fortunate."
He cleared his throat and tried to speak, but he found his mouth incredibly dry.
"Water?"  He nodded and she brought a glass to his lips.  "Drink it slowly."
After a few sips, he nodded again and she removed it.  Hoarse, he said, "Domhaghart Mac Modan.  Ceannfort, Celtan Free Army.  Clare County Division."  He faced straight ahead and said nothing more.
"Is that all?"
"All ye'll get from me, it is."
"For that, I gave you water."  She put the glass back on the table and dragged her chair to the bedside.  "I am Aldreda Thorne.  An under-minister in the King's Cabinet.  I have come because I have a request of you."
Mac Modan remained still.  He blinked once and said, "Domhaghart Mac Modan.  Ceannfort, …"
"Yes, I know.  You're not a prisoner."  His eyes darted toward her and that made his head ache all the more.  "This surprises you?"
"Why am I not a prisoner now?"
"You are a citizen of the crown.  There is no more war."  His lips parted to speak but she said, "Celtae is no longer in open rebellion."
"What …"
"You've been unconscious for a week, Mr. Mac Modan."  She paused for a moment to let that sink in.  "The day you were injured, Bandon fell and Iverni the day after.  There is no more Celtan Free Army.  Now, I am supposed to ask you what you know of Leo's involvement in your rebellion."  Dom looked straight ahead.  "You see, the aircraft you used were older Leonan aeroplanes, Nieuport Twos, repainted with Celtan colors, of course.  How did the CFA get them?"  He didn't answer.  "A Leonan vessel was spotted leaving Celtae in a rush the day after the fall of Iverni.  Were Leonan advisors aiding in the revolution?  Perhaps funding the revolution, in part?"
"I've naught t' say t' you."
"You needn't Mr. Mac Modan, for we already know the answers.  We had help before the Battle of Bandon from Earl Tyrrell."  He whipped his head toward her and immediately regretted it.  "Yes.  He was a traitor to your cause, though he is revered in Boskirk, and your beloved Lord Hugh ua Brien is in flight and believed to be with his Leo allies."
"I don't believe you."
"Believe what you will.  The facts are the facts."  She leaned forward and said, "King Robert the Second, long may he reign, has bestowed citizenship on all Celtans who accept his rule."
Dom responded with a soft chuckle and faced away.  "Sorry.  I am no citizen then."
Thorne crossed her legs and straightened.  "You Celtans fascinate me.  Truly.  For well more than a thousand years, you have opposed the rule of the monarchy."
"You have yer history wrong."
"Do I?"
"The House of Domosi wanted t' bring all the settlements of Virgon under them.  Fought and killed Pictus and Urien and Morgan, they did, but they couldn't stop Corbmac the Great."
"Thus you opposed the monarchy.  I do not see how I was in error.  Here is something else I do not understand.  Why did your people not go to Hibernia two centuries ago once your Lord Diarmaid commanded it?"  
"Diarmaid the Traitor.  Sold us t' the crown, he did."
"Overly dramatic, Mr. Mac Modan."
"He was paid for his leadership by Queen Matilda, wasn't he?"  Aldreda didn't respond.  "He pushed us t' go live on a world so shite that the Virgans themselves wouldn't go, even after they spent a hundred years or more trying to kobolform it into something better."
"But the Celtans there live free of the crown, Mr. Mac Modan.  Something you claim to desire."
"Free of the crown, but still with Virgon looming above.  And still not home.  Celtae is home."
She nodded and shifted her position again.  "So why the recent unpleasantness, Mr. Mac Modan?  What has changed?"
"Naught has changed for the better.  Ye still take the Vestal Tax.  It was a penny per hearth; now ye take five.  But the Assumption was the worst of it."
"The 'Assumption.'  You have a flair for making a great deal out of so small a thing."
Dom struggled to sit up and he leaned his back against the metal headboard of his bed.  "The Assumption is no small thing now.  After the flight from Blessed Kobol, Saint Alexandra decreed that we be ruled by councils of three priests.  Yer monarchy took their power from the start and turned the Council into advisors or some such.  They dwindled for years until yer King William the Third assumed the role of the Council and declared himself the direct line t' Olympus.  He disbanded the King's Council after fourteen hundred years."
Thorne was smiling and she interjected, "Thus did your assembly create the Holy Council."
"A three-person council t' rule us, just as the gods and saints decreed.  When yer Robert came to disband our Council, …"
"I see that you are a true believer, Mr. Mac Modan."
"I am."
"Then I regret to inform you that the Holy Council has, in fact, been disbanded and its priests arrested."  
Dom lowered his head.  After a few quiet, deep breaths, he asked, "What's to become of myself?"
"If you accept the rule of King Robert, then you may return to Celtae."  He frowned and Aldreda said, "I see that would not be ideal for you."
"No."  His heart and mind began to race, "What of my family then?"
"Where do they live?"
"Glin Rath.  In Clare."
"I will search them out.  Now, Mr. Mac Modan, you have a decision to make."
"What decision?"
"I said you were not a prisoner, but this was only partially true."  She stood and walked to a table by the door.  There she listed a stack of papers and she brought them back to the bedside.  "I knew you were unlikely to renounce the Holy Council and accept the rule of the king, but even if you had, you would have been unable to reside on Celtae."
"Why then?"
"You were an officer in open rebellion against the crown.  You will be punished in one manner or another."  The throbbing of his head caused his vision to blur and pulse, so Dom closed his eyes.  "You and your family may be exiled to Hibernia and live out your days there.  Or you may accept the task I am about to lay before you.  If you succeed, then my superior, Lord Henry, the Lord Steward of King Robert, will ask his majesty for a pardon on your behalf."
Domhaghart's eyes narrowed and he asked, "What task would fetch such a bounty?"
"A difficult one.  Are you certain that Hibernia is not attractive?"
Mac Modan thought and then asked, "I receive this pardon, I would be allowed to live with my family in Celtae?"
"You would."
"And should I fail?"
"You may die.  Or, if you live and are able to return to Virgon, you may retire to Hibernia."
He sighed and slid down the metal headboard and into the pillows.  He exhaled loudly and said, "Tell me the task."
"What do you know of Aerilon?"
He faced her again and then laughed.  After clasping his forehead in pain, he said, "It's Virgon's rubbish pile for prisoners, dissidents, and the like."
"Well, in large part, yes.  There are many Celtans there, so you may feel welcome.  In fact, we are counting on it."  She raised a page and handed it to him.  He took it, but couldn't focus on the picture or any of the words.  "That is Lady Gwendolen Ash, a colonel in the Royal Army.  She was given command and governorship of Aerilon three years ago in order to get more of the resources made available for Virgon instead of independent traders.  Aerilon has a great many farms and it was hoped that the military could encourage more growth."
"She didn't?"
"For a time, she did.  Last year, she requested a detachment of soldiers and they were sent.  Soon after, a Virgan transport arrived in Gaoth for its usual cargo and it was returned to us, empty, and with a message."
"What message?"
"It's on the page."
He widened his eyes and tried to focus, but his head throbbed even harder.  "Sorry.  Just tell me."
She recited it from memory, "'Aerilon is free of the crown at last and rules itself.  Signed, Taoiseach Gwendolen.'"
He looked at Thorne and said, "'Leader,' that is."
"I know.  You understand now why we wanted to send a Celtan."
"I do.  But why not send a host of Virgans?  She's one of yers."
Aldreda sighed and said, "We did.  Twice.  The last just two months past."
"What happened to them?"
"We don't know.  All attempts to contact the support staff in Gaoth have also failed.  It's as though she suddenly won hundreds of Virgans to her side in a single stroke and made the rest vanish.  We have no idea of the state of Aerilon's infrastructure, nor do we have any on the ground who might assist."
He blinked and stared at the filthy ceiling.  He felt pangs of fear about the possibilities, but it was interrupted with the sight of his family waving farewell to him as he rode off to war.  After a long minute, he sighed and said, "I'll think on it."

His days were spent in solitude, staring at the ceiling and waiting for his nurses and his food.  Thorne came every few days and gave him new details on Lady Gwendolyn while gently prying for more information on the workings of the CFA.  He saw her questions for what they were and gave her very little.  Every day, she asked, "Will you join us?"  He said he needed more time every time.
In the quiet moments, and there were many, he revisited his memories of the rebellion.  Battle after battle, waged on some plain or another, on some hill or another.  First to unite the earls and chieftains and then to fight the Virgans themselves.  How many men and women had he killed?  How many of his own companies had he lost over the years?  He couldn't hazard a guess, but he saw many of their faces frozen with surprise at the point of his sword or passing under the charging hooves of Kinsale.  The only joy of his kills with the rifle is that he didn't have to look them in the eye when they died.  It was a small comfort.  
He was angered by memories of the blue banner and the sight of lines of Redshirts marching over the great blue-green countryside of Celtae.  He was angrier at himself for thinking of aiding them, yet when his thoughts turned to home, his fury eased and it seemed the right decision.
A few weeks later, he had been healed, mostly, of his wounds.  Thorne entered and said, "I am told that you are to be discharged today.  Now, shall we dispatch you to Shropshire where you will live your days behind the stone walls and iron bars, or shall we dispatch you to Aerilon?"
Mac Modan closed his eyes and softly he said, "Aerilon."  
He was given a satchel of clothes and his bandages were removed.  He searched the room for his uniform and found nothing, so he had to settle for a set of near-black boots, dark blue pants, a white shirt, and a dark blue jacket.  He pulled a simple blue cap out of the satchel and regarded it carefully before putting it on.
"It is time," Aldreda said.
"I see a belt," Dom said, "but no holster.  No weapons.  Not a pistol nor a knife."
"You will forgive us for not arming you just yet, Mr. Mac Modan."
He closed the satchel and slung it over his shoulder.  "I gather I'll be given more gear when we arrive."
"When you arrive, perhaps.  I am not going."
"I suppose that makes sense, after the last few times Virgans landed there."
"Indeed.  Follow me."
For the first time since the battle, he walked more than a few steps and he struggled to keep up with the shorter woman.  They walked through the hallways of the old building and up stone stairs.  He began to have a feeling of recognition and then horror descended upon him.  With each step on the ancient stones, his breathing became panicked until they emerged in the light of day.  A field was ahead and a transport craft sat, waiting.  Halfway between the building and the ship, Domhaghart stopped and slowly turned.  He watched the wind whip at the long strands of blue-green grass and he saw the fair blue haze over the near hills.  He breathed in and held it.  Finally, he looked at the building and saw that he had indeed been in Iverni Castle, seat of power on Celtae for more than a millennium.  From its parapets, the sigil of King Robert hung and the blue banner flew above.  Tears stung his eyes and he closed them.
"Mr. Mac Modan."
He turned and continued the rest of the way to the ship.  He climbed the steps and crouched low as he walked into the rear cabin.  There was room for a couple dozen soldiers, yet they were the only ones there.  The hatch was closed and they sat in silence for several long minutes after Dom attached his harness.
"Here."  Thorne handed him an envelope.  "It's from Fina."
"You spoke t' her?"  He quickly opened the simple wax seal and removed the page as the ship took off.  
"I did.  A lovely woman.  The children are … rambunctious."
Dom laughed and then cleared his throat when he felt it catch.  He began to read and he heard her lilting voice in his mind.  "Cushlamachree Dom.  So very happy we are to hear that you are recovering and we hope to see you soon.  The nights are cool now in Clare and I've been to sleeping by the hearth so I might have a sense of your warmth near me.  It is not the same yet I've trained myself to sleep as if it were so.  The boys ask after you every morn and I've told them you'd be along soon.  I pray that you not make a liar of me and I pray that you not make me sleep by the fire until my hair goes gray on me.  Madam Thorne tells me you have a task they've set you to and then you can come to us.  Please, do it well and return soon so we might live at peace for the rest of our days, like my Aunt Maeve.  With all my love and that of the Gods, Fina, Rowan, and Kelan."  He folded the page, gingerly replaced it in the envelope, and wondered about the odd reference to Maeve.  He sniffed a couple of times and glanced at Aldreda.
"You have a lovely home, Mr. Mac Modan," she said.  "I understand your desire to return to it."
"My horses?"
"The few I saw seemed well.  Some of their number fell in battle, I presume."
"They did."
The craft rocked as they ascended and she bent low to look out one of the windows.  "See there, Mr. Mac Modan?  Take note of it."
He looked out into space.  There, he saw a sample of the Virgan military.  Long arms of an orbital platform enveloped four similar Virgan warships.  These were destroyers with a crew of nearly two hundred each and dozens of guns.  On the other side sat one of their newest carriers, the Argus.  It was as tall as a building and gleamed white and studded with lights.  Behind the tall prow was its long hull with six large engines and central hangar decks.  Smaller craft flitted about the massive thing, in and out of the bays, and Dom's mouth fell open.
"You see, Mr. Mac Modan, the might of the crown is far beyond your understanding."  Thorne smiled as she stared at the Argus.  "Your rebellion was a nuisance and nothing more.  The forces the king threw against you were what he was told to send by the generals.  It was supposed to be all that was needed to crush you, but you Celtans were more tenacious than expected."
"A 'nuisance,'" Domhaghart repeated.  "Fighting the crown in one way or 'nother for over a thousand years, we have."
"A constant nuisance, then.  You see, the might of the Empire is needed elsewhere.  Leonis has not let up just because your kind has thrown a fit.  We're fighting them on Taurus, in space above Gemenon.  Our friendly governments on Capricorn and Sagittaron need our constant aid.  You see, the CFA was doomed.  You were fortunate to have had the successes you did because we were distracted elsewhere.  If the king had wished to lay his full weight upon your isle, it would not be so lovely any longer."
Mac Modan straightened and stared ahead.  He felt warmth flush over his face and he sensed that she was watching him, waiting for a reaction.  He decided not to give her one and to change the subject.  "You've told me all ye know about Lady Gwendolen, but you've not told me what I'm t' do with her."
"It is a matter of delicacy, since she is of a noble house, even if it is somewhat lowly nor as wealthy as the others, you understand."  He didn't react.  "She must be removed from her post.  If all else fails, you are to kill her."
He glanced at her with surprise.  "And what encompasses 'all else?'"
"Firstly, you should attempt to locate the Virgan forces we've sent.  When you've found the officers, you may win them to your side by using the word 'bukkehorn.'"
"What's that?"
"A Teuton name for a ram's horn."
Mac Modan nodded.  "Another group you Virgans wiped out."
"They were not.  They were assimilated.  By saying 'bukkehorn,' they will know you to be an officer of the Royal Army."
His shoulders fell and he glared at her.  "Now wait.  You never said anythin' after about makin' me a royal!"
"It is not official, Mr. Mac Modan.  Your Celtan pride may remain intact.  It is a temporary matter, only for the purposes of this mission.  If you find Virgan officers, all the better.  Provide them with this intelligence," she handed him a folder sealed with a leather band around a pair of rivets, "and guide them to her through the Celtan maze."
"If she herself is surrounded with Celtans."
"She is calling herself 'taoiseach.'  How likely is it that she is not?"
He nodded.  "It is likely sure."
"If you find no Virgans to aid you, then you must find her yourself.  If you are able to speak to her, question her.  Uncover what has happened."
"And report t' you?"
"If you are able.  But if you see no recourse or hope for negotiation, …"
"I see."
"To the best of our knowledge, the Virgan dram is still the official currency on Aerilon."  She removed a large leather pouch from her own case and gave it to him.  "You should have enough there to purchase a horse and secure lodgings and food while you are there."
He loosened the string and looked inside at the gold and silver coins.  "I'll just do that then."  He closed it and let it fall to his lap.  After a long stare at her, he asked, "Why me then?"
"We knew such a task would require experience and intelligence, thus an officer.  And, believe it or not, you are in better shape than most of Celtae's officers today, being alive and not in chains."
And I've a family for ye to exploit.  The transport pulled alongside a massive battlecruiser.  He looked out the window and asked, "Why're you taking me aboard that thing now?  Expecting a fight, are ye?"
"The Bellerophon will be on patrol in Delta and there have been some … skirmishes of late in the asteroid belt there."
"The Lions be keeping ye busy then."
"As they have for eight hundred years."  Dom laughed and Aldreda extended her hand toward him.  "I wish you luck, Mr. Mac Modan."
He looked at her hand and hesitated.  His conversations with her had only been either staid or pleasant, yet she was a Virgan who worked under the king.  "Promise to have that pardon ready for us, will you?"
"I will."
He shook her hand and stood when the transport's docking latches engaged.  There was a hiss and a soldier led him from the cabin toward the airlock.  A light flashed green and the guard pulled the hatch open.  On the other side, along the corridor of the battlecruiser, he saw a line of blue shirts and white pants-wearing Virgan Royal Navy officers and crew.
Dom took a deep breath and muttered, "Jupiter's beard."  They were standing at attention and seemed to be waiting for him.  He shook his head and held it low as he walked through the gauntlet toward an ensign who then guided him toward his quarters.

He rested in the spacious stateroom for hours before the Bellerophon left the orbital station.  Shortly after, it jumped.  The sensation was unlike anything Mac Modan had felt before.  He knew what it was and he understood, intellectually, that it meant their ship had just disappeared and then reappeared millions of kilometers away, but it awed him.  Feeling the FTL jump conveyed the might of his enemy to him better than simply seeing the size and number of Virgan vessels in orbit.
He sat in the chair and wallowed in a mild despair and wondered at the futility of it all during the second and third jumps.  When the fourth came a couple of hours after their launch, he felt nauseated, and he didn't know if that was due to the distortion effect of the engines or from the realization that he was so far from home and may never see his wife and sons again.
Fina.  Pale as she was, she never minded tending the horses with him in the bright sun.  She kept her auburn hair tied up until the end of the day when she would stand on the stone by the rear door and look into the west as she removed the pins from it.  It spiraled and drifted over her shoulders and down her back and, every day, Domhaghart would stop what he was doing and watch her.  Once it was done, she'd slowly find him with her eyes and flash a smile before entering the house and starting on supper.  Energized anew, he could finish the rest of the day's chores until all the light was gone.  At night, after they ate her fine meal, he would sit with the boys on their couch and listen to her as she read from the Scrolls or some storybook.  He loved the sound of her voice and the way she became enthusiastic about playing the parts of the characters.  He recalled the warmth of holding her close after having put the children to bed and the smell of her hair.  The way she'd talk about the other worlds or recall some book she read years ago, yet she could tell its tale as well as the story itself was written.  How many books did he never have to read because Fina had already performed them for him?
Kelan and Rowan.  The boys would be five and seven now.  He could count on them for, perhaps, a good hour's work in the morning and half that in the afternoon.  The rest of the day was spent running and playing, chasing the smaller animals, dipping their feet in the creek if the weather was pleasant.  He closed his eyes and heard their high-pitched laughter and it made him tense with a yearning for home.
He clutched the letter from Fina close and read it again and again.  He imagined her sitting at her desk by her rows of books and using her grandfather's old pen and ink set.  He could see the sweeps of the pen and the dots of pooled ink caused by the deformations in the desk's top.  He read it once more and stared at the line, "… we might live in peace for the rest of our days, like my Aunt Maeve."  He knew what it was.  She was giving him her permission, but he wasn't sure that he wanted to accept it.
After the eighth jump, an announcement came over the speakers, "All hands.  We have arrived in Delta.  We have arrived in Delta.  We are making for Aerilon and will be in orbit in one hour.  That is all."
He stood from the chair and looked toward his packed satchels.  Then, he started to pace.  He felt trapped again, as he often did in his convalescence beneath Iverni Castle.  A few moments later, there was a knock on the door and he said, "Enter."
A crewman stood in the doorway.  "Apologies, major.  The captain has requested your presence on the bridge."
"And you'll lead me then?"
"Yes, m'lord."
Dom winced and looked at the young man, standing rigid in the corridor.  "I'm not a lord, lad.  Don't call me that."
"Apologies, sir."
He grunted and waved the boy ahead of him and then followed as they wound through narrow halls and hatches.  After climbing a series of ladders, they entered a wide room with dimmed lights.  The entire wall to the left was a window and the blackness beyond was studded with stars and a single white, yellow, and blue sphere in the distance.  A woman stood before the window at a pair of helmsman's wheels, one parallel to the window and the other perpendicular, and a man in a similar uniform stood by her with his hand on a lever of some sort.  He couldn't read the panel from the entrance to the bridge but he tore his view away from the window and across the rest of the stations.  A navigator huddled over a large table map and there was a scope of some kind attached to the side of the table.  Crewmen and officers manned other places along the walls and he glanced at one officer whose charts included schematics of gun emplacements. 
"Ah.  Our guest."  
Mac Modan looked to the center of the room where four officers stood.  Two were women and two were men, and they all wore blue coats with gold trim and details.  He couldn't tell their ranks so he focused on the two oldest ones, believing them to be the most senior officers.  He stepped around the saluting crewman and approached them.  He quickly brought his hand to his forehead and gave a quick salute while facing the older, pudgy man wearing a powdered wig.  "At yer service, captain."
The man was aghast and looked at his fellow officers in disbelief.  He huffed for several seconds before he managed to say, "I am no mere captain, sir!  I am the admiral of this squadron!"
He smiled and suppressed it, thinking, A high Virgan, indeed.  "Apologies, admiral.  No briefing was given me on who I'd be seeing."
While the admiral shook his head and muttered, the older female nodded toward Mac Modan and said, "I am the flag captain of the Bellerophon, major."
"Thank you.  A pleasure."  He looked at the other faces of the officers and saw that they were not eager to introduce themselves.  "If ye will, I would like t' tell ye more about myself, as it seems ye were given incorrect information."
The officers looked at each other and the captain gestured, "Please."
"I am no major, and certainly not a Virgan one.  I am Ceannfort Domhaghart Mac Modan, late of the Celtan Free Army."  The younger officers froze while the admiral and captain shared a concerned look.
"Celtan Free Army?" the admiral said with, Dom would note, less shock than being called "captain."
"I was, admiral.  I've been told the war is over and the Army disbanded."
The younger woman left the group and the captain asked, "And how have you come to be in our presence today?"
"I beg yer pardon, captain, in all my talks after my mission, I was never told of its secrecy, so I can't speak t' that.  Being as you're upstanding officers in the Royal Navy, may I presume that I'm allowed t' speak of it freely?"
The admiral tapped the end of his cane on the metal deck and barked, "You damn well better, man!"
Mac Modan bowed his head toward the old man slightly and said, "An under-minister, Aldreda Thorne, tasked me with this voyage t' Aerilon so I might see t' your Colonel Gwendolyn Ash, she of noble blood and governor of the Virgan presence.  It seems a year back, she declared the planet's independence from the crown and fancies herself a kind of Celtan leader now."  Both the captain and the admiral's eyes revealed shock.  "As I am a Celtan man myself and beholden t' King Robert for the," he paused while he measured his words, "sins of my own rebellion, I'm sent t' find her and send herself home."
The admiral and captain stepped away for a second and whispered.  When they returned, the captain said, "We will be in orbit shortly and we will dispatch a transport to the surface."
"I am obliged, captain, but I fear such a thing may doom me from the start.  You see, two Virgan missions after the Lady Gwendolyn failed themselves.  If we be landing in a Virgan ship, I'd be walking about with a target on me."
"Preposterous," the admiral shook his head and stepped away.
The captain said, "Signals officer."  A young woman stood by her station on the far wall.  "Spotter."  A young man stood by his.  "Are there any private trading vessels in orbit or on approach?"
The spotter straightened and said, loudly, "Three, sir!  At present."
"Any out of Virgon or a member of the Empire?"
"One, sir!  Kingsland, Sagittaron!"
The captain nodded.  "Signals officer, contact that vessel and order them to meet us in orbit.  Tell them we have a passenger to ferry to the surface."
"Aye, sir."
The captain faced Dom and said, "Satisfactory, ceannfort?"
"Very much so.  Thank you, captain."
"We are tasking the destroyer Ardent to remain in orbit at least until we return from our patrol of Delta.  That will be two months hence.  You will be provided with a wireless device and upon the completion of your mission, signal them, and they will respond."
"Thank you, captain."
"We will arrive in orbit in less than an hour, so please gather your things and prepare to dock with this trader."
"I will.  Thank you again."  Mac Modan saluted and turned, bringing him face to face with a tall Redshirt, a rifle braced against his shoulder and sword affixed to his hip.  His face flushed hot and he clenched his fists, but it abated when he exhaled through his nose and muttered, "Sin mar atá sé."
"Follow me, sir," a young lieutenant said.  She exited the bridge and Dom stepped around the Redshirt, keeping his eye on him the entire time.  Finally, he turned and followed the lieutenant.  Barely ten steps outside, the Redshirt bumped into Mac Modan's back.
He turned, looked up at the man, and said through gritted teeth, "Mind yer step, you lobster, or I'll put yer arse on the deck."  The Redshirt blinked and stared back at the angry Celtan.  He kept a bit more distance for the remainder of their walk.

Free of the Virgans, Domhaghart found himself now in the hold of a Sagittaran cargo ship.  The crisp, clean smell of the Royal Navy battlecruiser became overwhelming at times, but this was different.  The stench of animals and their waste, the itchiness of filth upon the skin, the dander and feathers in the air which clouded the eyes.  The hold was empty save for himself, a large crate of hens, and a large pallet of dried fumarella leaves.  The bulkheads jostled as the ship descended toward the planet and he closed his eyes, hoping it would be over shortly.
The landing was rough and he fell off the metal box on which he'd been sitting.  As he was standing and brushing the old straw away, a hatch opened and the trader entered.  "We're here."
"I figured sure."
The man went to the main doors of the hold and smacked a large red button with his fist.  "Damned jacksies.  I's s'pposed to be landed an hour past."
Dom listened carefully and tried to parse the sentence in his mind.  He hadn't heard his accent before.  Once he slipped his two satchels over his shoulders, he reached into his pocket and felt for the edges of the leather pouch with his fingers.  "I thank you for yer troubles."  He withdrew a silver ten-dram coin and handed it to the man.  "I hope you can spend that."
He looked down at the coin in his hand incredulously for a moment and then his eyes widened.  "I surely can!  Thank you, sir.  Enjoy your stay."  As Mac Modan walked down the ramp of the hold's doors, he called down, "Do you need a hand with your bags?"
"I don't, thank you."  He stopped at the bottom and looked about.  He saw other ships to the right and the wooden buildings of the town to his left.  "Gaoth is that way?"
"It is."
He looked back toward the trader and asked, "I'll find me a horse and other supplies there?"
"You will."
"Thank you again."  He tipped the brim of his cap and started walking.
Once he was a few meters away from the vessel, he looked down at his feet and watched the way his boots walked across the clumping grass and soil of this world.  It was soft, so it had rained sometime recently, and the grass was green without a hint of blue.  That was enough to make Dom stop and stare at it for a moment.  Then he bounced a little from side to side, noting the ease of that effort, and he realized that Aerilon's gravity was a little weaker than Virgo's.  He looked up and scanned the fields around him outside of the town and saw nothing but sprouts of green from the brown earth.  The blue sky met the ground at the horizon and there were no hills or mountains visible.  He looked in the other direction away from the town, beyond a few other landed craft, and saw the same for many kilometers, but with a single dirt road that stretched out toward infinity.
He came to the rear of a butcher's shop where a pen of pigs and cows stood and ate, oblivious to their fates.  He walked in the alley between it and another shop and emerged on a street near the town's center.  He took a deep breath and smelled the familiar hints of manure, but there was also something new here.  The air lacked some element native to Virgo and it carried its own scent; something almost nutty.  When a breeze broke against him and the manure was pushed away, he breathed more deeply and studied the smell again.  It was different but pleasant and something he could certainly get used to.
Dom walked into the open and saw the host of markets, shops, banks, traders, and more on this one street.  He could see taller structures beyond and imagined that they were government buildings.  He stepped onto the wooden walkway and took note of the people around him.  Men and women of various ages; some were couples who walked together and some of the women carried small children.  Few seemed to be smiling and they were almost all dusty and all, to a one, were wearing shades of brown or gray.  He looked down at himself and the dark blue clothes he had worn since Virgo and realized how out of place he appeared.  He grumbled and turned about, looking first for the commonalities of dress among the men and then for a somewhat friendly face.  He fixated on an older woman wearing a long dress and a white cloth bonnet and trotted toward her.  She seemed surprised by his approach and he removed his cap as he bowed toward her.  "Pardon me, madam, but would you know where I might find myself a fair tailor?"
She scanned him up and down and grinned a little.  "There's Ciara uí Brennan.  Up the street a piece."
"Thank you."  He put his cap back on and started to walk on the path ahead of her.  He passed a general store and garnered many stares.  He walked through a market where local farmers sold their wares and returned to the wooden path.  In looking across the street, he saw a blacksmith, a gunsmith, and a livery stable.  He made a note of it and turned back to his left where he saw a pair of mannequins standing in a window.  One wore a simple dress, the other wore a black suit.  He pulled on the door and stepped in before anyone else could stare and wonder at his presence.
"I can help you then?"  
He turned and saw a middle-aged woman looking up from a table of fabric.  "You can.  Ciara uí Brennan?"
"I am so."  She stood and wiped her hands on her pants.  After she, too, scanned him from head to toe, she asked, "New here?"
"I am.  I be needing a suit that doesn't draw so many eyes on me."
She moved toward a rack of clothes.  "Try yourself some of these.  If none are fit, I can make do."
"Thank you."  He put his satchels on the floor and walked over the creaky wood planks.  He removed his cap and jacket and tossed them down.  He withdrew a dark brown coat and slipped it on, but found it a bit tight.  He looked again for the same color and found another with a longer hem than either of the others.  When he opened it to slide his arms in, he saw that the lining was the same green as that of his old uniform and he smiled.  Oh, please fit on me.  He brought his arms forward and rolled his shoulders.  "Perfect."
"And the trousers?"
He walked to a different rack and saw a few that were the same shade.  He reached for his belt and glanced over his shoulder toward Ciara.  Since she was watching him, he stepped behind the coat rack and said, "Pardon me."  She looked away as he removed his boots and dropped his pants.  He reached awkwardly for the few of the color he liked and tried three on, but only one fit about the waist.  Once he put his blue pants back on, he brought it to her and said, "These trousers fit on me though the legs are too long."
"Hm."  uí Brennan stood and brought a length of string to him.  She knelt on the floor by his feet and began to stretch the string along his pants and Mac Modan backed away.  She barked, "What're you do that for?"
He sighed and said, "Apologies.  I've not had a woman put hands on me since my wife.  And before that, my mother, my doctor, and my sáirsint."  
She nodded.  "I hear you." She waved him forward and he slowly returned to her side.  "Your wife is here?"
"She's on Celtae with my boys."
She measured the string and pinched it between her thumb and finger.  "You're doin' a haul?"
"'A haul?'"
"The Virgans put you here.  A prisoner."
He chuckled and said, "Of a kind, but it needn't be eternal."
She stood and shrugged.  "The first temporary haul I've heard of, that."  She returned to the worktable with the string and the trousers.  She sat and began to roll the legs up to her string and she held them in place with pins.  
As she did that, he asked, "What brings yerself here?"
"Great-grandfather.  He was sent here by Philippa the Thick a hundred years back."
Mac Modan chuckled and said, "He was one of the first in the Celtan Free Army so?"
"He was."  She threaded and needle and looked at his jacket.  "You've got an old Army uniform on you now.  The lining."  He pulled the coat open and looked at the green.  "It be a popular thing on Aries."  He was curious about the use of the old name but he didn't ask about it.  "You're of the Army then?"
"I was."  He looked at her as she sewed.  "The … Celtan Free Army is gone."  She looked up from the table.  "The Virgans came t' Celtae in full force.  The earls and chieftains fled and King Robert has the isle in his hand."
Ciara sat back from the table and sighed.  "That's it then.  And the Council?"
"Saints forgive me, they be arrested now."  
She brought her right hand to her forehead and stretched it out before bringing her palm to rest on her left breast, the gesture that acted as a kind of prayer in itself, mimicking the birth of Minerva to ask for wisdom and then touching the heart to thank the gods for their love.  "May Trivia damn and confuse them."  Mac Modan raised his eyebrows because he hadn't heard that curse in many years.  She returned to her sewing and she was finished in just a few short minutes.  "Put these on you."
She tossed the trousers and he caught them.  He again stepped behind the coats and removed his blue pants before sliding into these.  "They're on me well."
"Do you have need for a shirt?"
"I do sure.  A few spare ones."
"Bring yourself here."  She ran her hands over his arms, across his chest, and then over his shoulders.  "I've a few."  She walked into the back room and came back a moment later with two brown paper-wrapped parcels.  As he slid the belt through the loops of his new trousers, uí Brennan asked, "Have you a need for anything else?"
"A hat to match?"
She walked to the far wall and looked at the array of headgear present.  She glanced back at him before she removed a hat that was a lighter shade of brown from the shelf.  "Put this one on your head."  The crown rose up from the curved brim without a crease and without a band.  He glanced inside at the dark lining and then put it on his head.  It fit snuggly.  "There.  Have you a need for anything else now?"
"I don't."
She looked at him and then the parcels before saying, "The trousers and hemming, the coat, the two shirts.  Five dram will fit for all."
He leaned over toward his things and withdrew the pouch.  With his fingers, he pushed aside the gold coins and withdrew another silver one.  "Here's ten for yerself."
She stared at it and then looked at him.  "Sorry, are you gaukin' about?"
He took the wrapped shirts from the counter and put them in his satchels.  "I'm not."
She looked at the coin and watched him pack up.  She grumbled and shook her head as she stormed out from behind the counter.  "I'll not be made a fool."  She took a brown coat off the rack and looked at its measurements before she went to the trousers and did the same.  She brought them both to him and crammed them into his satchels.
"I've no mind to make a fool of yerself."
She put her hands on her waist and said, "You'll not pay me for services I've not provided.  This squares it some."  
He lifted his satchels to his shoulders and turned for the door.  "I thank you, Ciara uí Brennan."
"Here," she called out, "I still owe yourself more drams' worth o' work.  If you be needing more tailoring, come t' me."
"I will do that.  Thank you."
He walked across the street after hefting the satchels again, adjusting their weight on his back.  He stepped over a pile of horse manure and looked down the road toward the cart of goods being transported.  He looked from the stables to the gunsmith and tried to decide which to visit first.  In the distance, perhaps three streets over, he heard a gunshot, and thus was his decision made.  He entered the gunsmith and heard the banging of metal on metal in the back.  He put his baggage on the floor and looked into the wooden cases at the pistols and rifles present.  
"Someone be out there?" a voice called out.
"I am so."
A metal hammer was placed onto a large anvil and an old man stepped out from the work room wiping his hands.  "Welcome, lad.  I can help you."
"I have a need for a pistol and knife.  I'm after being in the Army so it must be a good set."
"I understand yourself."  He moved to one end of the cases and pointed to a group of revolvers on the top shelves.  "These are the finest I have on me."  Mac Modan nodded and he withdrew the two trays, setting them on top.  "Both are Westley twelve calibers and each is near about two kilos."
He looked at the one on the left and then the right, studying the trigger, the hammer, and the cylinder.  "This one's got a double-action on it."
"It does," he laughed.  "You've a good eye on you."
He was set to choose the one on the left for that reason alone, but the reddish tint to the wood in the handle of the one on the right drew his eye.  "What wood is that there?"
"Rowan ash."  Dom looked at the old man.  "From Celtae.  A client brang in an old Celtan table and had me break it down for handles, he did."
Rowan.  His youngest son.  "We'll have that one."
"It's only a single-action on it."
"I know sure."  It would mean more effort to fire, but just having that wood on the grip would mean a great deal.  "I'll have it.  Have you holsters and such about for it?"
"I do."  He turned to a drawer behind him and pulled out one.  After he laid it across the counter and saw the rounds in place on it, he snapped his fingers.  "The bullets on it are ten caliber."
"I can load it fine with twelve while you fetch me a knife."
The man put a box of bullets on the counter and went to a different case.  With a flick, Mac Modan pushed the thirty or so bullets out of the belt and began to slide the new ones in.  The fit was somewhat tighter, but nothing that would prove difficult.  "Will this be good for yourself?"
He looked at the blade, which was barely ten centimeters long and shook his head.  He thought then of his oldest, Kelan, and how tall the boy was.  "Have you anything on you that's longer and more slender?"
The old man turned back to the case and removed another one with its own scabbard.  "This one."
Dom looked at it and smiled.  "I'll have that."  He took it and held the blade up to the light that streamed in from the front windows.  Once he replaced it, he unfastened his belt and threaded it through the back of the scabbard so it would hang on his left hip.  Then he picked up the revolver and marveled at its weight.  It seemed twice as heavy at first than his Army-issued pistol, but he knew it wasn't that much.  He ejected the cylinder and slipped six rounds into the chambers before clicking it back.  He pulled the belt and holster around himself, freeing his long coat from under it.  After he fastened it, he took the revolver and let it fall into place.  He closed his eyes for a moment and felt for his center of balance and hovered his hands over each weapon.  Once he was sure, he opened them and saw the old man regarding him.  "How much for it all?"
"The knife I made myself, and the gun.  That's fourteen dram together.  And the holster and bullets."  He licked his lips and said, "Eighteen dram."
Mac Modan pulled a gold twenty-dram coin out of his purse and placed it on the counter.  The proprietor stared at it as though he'd never seen one.  "Will that fetch me another box of bullets?"
"It will, it will."  He ran to the wall and pulled a wooden box from the shelf.  He looked at the stenciled specs and then brought it to the counter.  "If you find anything that needs a service, come to me and I'll sort it."
"Thank you."  He put the box into his satchel, tipped the brim of his hat, and left the shop.  
He walked past the blacksmith and watched as a hefty man pounded a red-hot rod of steel.  He came to the wooden fence of the stables and walked through the gate into a straw-strewn yard.  A pair of smaller horses grazed and he walked into the cover of the barn.  His eye was drawn immediately to a tall horse on his right.  Its head hung out from a windowed door and he smiled at seeing such an animal again.  He blew air over his teeth and lips in a calming fashion and brushed the horse's face along its snout.
"I'd thank you t' not put hands on my stock."
Dom looked and saw a tall, muscular man carrying a bale of hay from the other aisle in the stable.  "My apologies.  I have a mind t' purchase from your stock."
He grunted.  "We be attached to Mac Ryan's Inn and my horses are for renting."
Mac Modan looked at the ground around himself and saw no manure, so he put his satchels down.  "I'll need a renting for a couple of months.  A saddle and bags to fit.  What would that cost myself?"
The man dropped the hay and stretched.  "Two months.  Near about a hundred dram."
"Certain are you that we can't buy it?" Dom asked.
The man walked closer.  "Two hundred.  T' buy the horse and saddle for yourself."
Mac Modan looked at the head of the animal nearest him and then through the opening at the rest of the horse.  "She appears well.  What's her name then?"
"Sorcha."
Dom smiled.  "Two hundred."  He reached into his pocket and withdrew the pouch.  He counted out ten gold coins and jostled them in his hand.  "And you'll saddle herself for me?"
The man stared at the pouch and was silent.  Finally, he nodded and said, "I will."  He turned slowly and walked toward a series of saddles, choosing the one fitted for Sorcha.  Mac Modan stepped aside as the stablehand opened the door and stood next to the horse.  He turned and then threw the saddle at him, causing Dom to stagger backward and fall to the ground.
As soon as he did, the man was on top of him and punching his head.  Mac Modan swept out with his right boot and caught him in the left knee.  The man groaned and dropped as Dom rose up with the saddle and pushed it into the taller man's chest.  Once he fell onto his back, Mac Modan flicked the edge of his coat open and drew his gun.  He pulled the hammer back with the meat of his left palm and aimed it at the man's head.
"What be happenin' here?" an old woman cried out.
Without taking his eyes off the now-cowering giant, Dom asked, "You're the owner of this?"
"I do sure."
"Your hand here tried t' take the purse off me."
Aghast, the old woman stalked across the hay and kicked at the man's head three times.  "Breck!  You godsdamned eejit!"  He tossed the saddle off and tried to roll away as she swung her leg again.  "Get yourself inside!  Get!"  The man said nothing as he scrambled up and then ran toward a wooden staircase.  Breathing heavily, she faced Mac Modan as he lowered the hammer and replaced the revolver in his holster.  "I apologize, sir.  He must've read yerself as being fresh from the barge."
"He often robs your customers?"
"He has before!" she yelled toward the quarters above the stables.  "My son and the biggest burden on me.  You were aiming to rent Sorcha so?"
"Buy."  She seemed surprised and he knelt down to pick up the gold coins from the ground.  "He said it would cost myself two hundred dram."
"I see.  I do hate to lose herself," she walked to the horse's head and patted it.  "But it be more than a fair price."  She bent over to lift the saddle and strained.
"I will saddle Sorcha sure."
"I will, I will," she groaned.  "Payment for your trouble."  She got it on the animal's back and then knelt under Sorcha to fasten the strap.  She stood again with effort and removed the rope from its nail, handing it to Mac Modan.  The horse immediately walked toward him and nuzzled against his face.  He smiled and dropped the coins in her hand.  "I am obliged to yerself.  And," she leaned closer, "I would be moreso if you said naught to the sheriff."
"Mind him, if you please, and I will not."
"Thank you."  She patted Sorcha again and stepped away.
Dom took a length of rope off a bale of hay and attached his satchels to the rear of the saddle.  He redistributed the weight some and put some items in the saddlebags.  Once that was finished, he stroked the side of Sorcha's face, put one boot in the stirrup, and swung himself up and onto her back.  They rode out from the stables and into the street, turning right and heading for the larger buildings at Gaoth's center.
He looked at the horse's neck and mane as they walked and he noted that the pattern of brown and white hair was the mirror opposite of Kinsale.  He recalled riding his favorite horse around the farm, around Glin Rath, and into the hills.  He remembered the battles last and regretted bringing up the memories.  Still, atop a well-fed and well-conditioned horse, Mac Modan felt as though the entire world were open for him and waiting.  He had freedom here he hadn't sensed in years.  When Sorcha stepped one way, the wood grip of the pistol brushed his side, and when the horse stepped again, the handle of the long knife brushed the other side.  He was reminded of his family and the feeling of freedom faded.  He rose up in the saddle a bit and readjusted his posture.  He had a job to do.
He tugged on the reins and pulled Sorcha down the next street and past the front of Mac Ryan's Inn.  He passed the First Bank of Gaoth and the Aries Messenger Service.  At the far end of the street, he saw a lone wooden structure.  A simple temple geared for worshippers of all the gods to join together.  Nearer, though, the tallest building was ahead and on the right.  There was a commotion before it as a man and woman scrapped on the walkway and in the street.  People leaned out of windows on the upper floors.  Dom widened the arc of his approach and saw scorch marks on the wood of its façade and he noted the sun-stained wood that revealed what this place had been before the letters were removed in the recent past: "Virgo Imperial Administration Office."
"Hit him again!" someone yelled from the chairs sitting on the front walk of the building.
A large woman reared back with her left hand before jabbing with her right.  The man didn't see the feint until it was too late and he staggered away and into the side of Sorcha.  Mac Modan removed his foot from the stirrup and put it on the man's shoulder, pushing him back into the fight as gently but firmly as he could.  He stumbled toward the woman again, she walloped him against the chin, and he collapsed to the dirt road unconscious.  She arched her back, wiped blood from her mouth, and bent over him, yelling, "That's what you get yourself, you cunt!"
The crowd laughed and Dom stared at her.  I know that woman.  She brushed the dust from her hair and revealed that there was more gray and silver in it than he expected.  Once he saw that and could guess at her age, he had a better idea of who it was.  "Aine uí Shea?"
She was breathing heavily and she looked up toward the man in the saddle.  She squinted in the afternoon sun and answered, "I'm myself.  Who are you now?"
He remembered her gravely voice even after these many years.  He slipped off the horse and kept Sorcha's reins in his left hand.  He stepped toward her and, smiling, extended his right.  "Dom Mac Modan."
She blinked and wiped her nose.  She studied him and ticked her head to one side.  "Not that wee fecker what took food from my ma's farm?"
He laughed and nodded.  "You recall so long after."
She gripped his hand and shook.  "Sure my mind's good, in'it?  How you remember yourself this old kern?"
He gestured toward the sky, "Like lightning it was, seeing you here, and struck me."  He realized he couldn't stop smiling.  "We thought you dead sure."
"Sorry, not."  She staggered a little to Sorcha's side and leaned on the saddle.  "In prison I was after the raid, seven years so.  The sass'nach brang me here and I been so now … thirteen years after."  She slowed her breathing and smiled.  "Good it is to see a face from home."
"I thought the same to myself."
A man trotted toward her side and she tensed, but he only presented her with her hat.  The same shape as Dom's, but charcoal gray.  She dusted it off and put it on her head as she asked, "You're in the Army now?"
He hesitated as he thought about how to break the news.  "I made ceannfort and fought in the rebellion, four years."
She smiled and slapped his shoulder.  "Mars above, an open rebellion?"
"It was."
"If I didn't follow Regan after, I myself could be there."  Mac Modan nodded and she said, "But you got yourself took and brang here?"
"Of a kind.  The Celtan Free Army is gone, Aine, sorry."  Her eyes narrowed.  "Robert came with ships and planes and more Redshirts than what ever trod the isle.  The blue banner flies over Iverni."  She frowned and made fists.  "The Holy Council is arrested."
She looked back toward the Virgan administration building and spat a large glob into the dirt.  "Pluto have 'em all."  She shifted her stance against the horse.  After a moment, she asked, "Why come yourself is in Gaoth so?"
He decided to withhold information from his old acquaintance.  A full-throated believer in Celtan independence wouldn't think highly of one of her people working for the Virgans, even if it was to reunite with their family.  "I don't know much about Aerilon …"
She laughed and shook her head.  "Aries still.  The sass'nach be trying t' change the name, so none here about call it 'Aerilon.'"
"Aries.  I know there was a Virgan here, a noble born.  She calls herself 'taoiseach' now and spits in the face of the king."
"Lady Gwen," she grinned.  "I know her.  Been in her employ from time to time."
He looked at the government building and saw a woman in nothing but her underwear leaning out of a window cheering a new fistfight while a man in the shadows of the room had his way with her.  "I gather herself isn't here sure?"
"Herself's in Promethea.  Went that way a bit over a year now."
"She still fights the lobsters then?"
"She does.  And the lobsters still come for herself, the bastards."
He looked around the street and the buildings as he asked, "Where are they?"
"Eh," she waved her hand, "Jupiter knows."
Sorcha snorted and Dom rubbed the horse's neck.  "I'm of a mind to join with herself as I've a bit of fight left in me.  Will you show me the way?"
"Promethea's a distance.  Weeks of ridin' we'd have."
He reached into his pocket and, without removing the purse, removed a couple of coins.  "I'm new t' this world but not new t' the world, if you'll take my meaning."  He held them out and her eyes widened.  "I've more on me for yourself."
Aine picked them up and looked at them.  A gold twenty-dram piece and a silver ten-dram piece.  "Got them off some bit of gobshite sure."
He chuckled.  "I did."
She looked at her horse and then around the buildings nearby.  "We'll get ourselves t' the stores for food and water.  The trail east be clogged with the cattle train, but by morn, it'd be free."
"I could do myself well with some rest."  He glanced over his shoulder and asked, "Is there an inn other than Mac Ryan's?"
"Met up with Breck, did you?"
"We had more'an words.  I had t' draw on him.  His ma spared him my bullet."
She slapped his shoulder.  "Good.  Himself's needed a square punch."  She looked at the Virgan building and said, "I've my things in there and can sleep there again if you can look past the fornication and revelry."
"My wife and I are apart, but I should like t' put my eyes on her again without guilt."
"Ah, that fair, fire-haired girl you courted after?  Fiona?"
"Fina.  That's herself."
"Goibniu's.  An inn and tavern a few streets over so.  I'll get my man under me and guide yourself."
"Thank you sure."  He watched her walk to the hitching post and climb onto her horse.  He stroked Sorcha and made ready to do the same, concerned about how long he could keep the truth from her.

Before the sun was up, he was.  He gathered their supplies and went to the stables of the inn where he fed Sorcha and Colm, Aine's horse.  When light finally came in, his guide did, too, and she yawned and grumbled the whole time.
"Jupiter's cock, I hate the morn."  She cleared her throat and spat loudly before saying, "East road's clogged with cattle still.  You don't mind ridin' the country land a ways, ourselves can still go."
His packs and bags were loaded on Sorcha and he stroked her neck.  "I don't mind."
She said nothing and climbed atop Colm.  Once Dom was mounted, they left the barn and wound through the streets of Gaoth.  There was a low rumble and the lightening sky above was clouded with tan dust.  They rounded an intersection and saw thousands of cows being driven along the edge of the town.  Men and women on horseback walked alongside and guided stragglers back into the main train.  The cattle were now headed south after departing the road from the east.
"I thought Aries was naught but farms of grain and the like."
"Gaoth sprung up from these cattle roads.  Some stay to sell to traders; some go south to Cúailgne."  Aine shook her head.  "One thing's for certain now."
"Mm?"
"The road is full of shite on it sure."
As Mac Modan laughed, a man in a wide-brimmed felt hat rode up to them.  He tipped it toward uí Shea, who nodded in response.  "Sheriff.  Dom Mac Modan, Sheriff Beachain."
"Mr. Mac Modan."  He tipped his hat again and looked at him up and down.
"A pleasure, sheriff."
"Indeed.  New to Gaoth you are?"
"I am."
"That's one of Sile's horses out the Mac Ryan, isn't it?"
Apprehension crept over Dom as he noted the Virgan accent.  "I bought herself yesterday."
"Breck set upon him," Aine said.  "Tried to rob him, not knowing Dom's after the Army, he was."
"Now," Mac Modan raised a hand, "I promised his ma not to involve the sheriff."
Beachain shook his head, "I'll keep your promise.  I see you also availed yourself of our local tailors and gunsmiths."
"You've a good eye on you, sheriff," Domhaghart said.
"I recognize fresh clothes for they are a rarity on Aerilon."  He sniffed and looked toward the cattle.  While facing the constant braying animals, he asked, "And you've paid the taxes on these goods?"
He glanced at Aine who rolled her eyes and looked away.  Mac Modan looked back at him and said, "I gave it no thought.  Taxes be collected by the shopkeeps, oftentimes."
"Hm.  Have you bills of sale for your purchases?"
He sighed.  "I do not.  These were friendly purchases."
"Save the horse," uí Shea said, "given the row with Breck you had."
"Indeed," the sheriff said.  "I fear I must assess the taxes on these purchases, as you've no proof it's been paid."
Dom nodded and knew he simply wanted to leave as soon as possible.  He reached into his pocket for his purse and he was grateful that he had the foresight to split the remaining coins into three separate purses on his person and in his baggage.  "Very well, sheriff.  I am intent on abiding by the law."  He held up the smaller pouch and said, "How much do I owe yerself?"
Beachain shook his head.  "No, you owe the people and town of Gaoth.  What was the total of your purchases?"
He thought for a moment and said, "'Round about two hundred twenty."
The sheriff nodded and tried, unsuccessfully, to stifle a grin.  He stroked his moustache to conceal it and said, "The usual rate is five percent, but I believe a nice, round ten dram would suffice."
Mac Modan looked into his purse beyond the few gold pieces to a silver one.  He feigned hardship with a sigh and withdrew it.  He tossed it to the sheriff who caught it easily.  "That squares ourselves sure?"
He looked at the coin before slipping it into the small pocket of his waistcoat.  "Indeed, it does."  He tipped his hat to both and said, "Have a pleasant day."
"Sheriff," Dom said while the man slowly rode away.  He looked at Aine who now bore a wide grin.  "Why you smile so?"
"Here I thought we'd make it out from Gaoth without seeing that face on him."  She pointed toward the bend in the road where the cattle turned south.  "Let's get ourselves on the north side."
They rode several meters away from the train and against their flow.  A few of the cows saw them and stopped, causing a ripple of disruption in their progress, so the pair increased the distance between them.  On either side of the wide road at the city's edge, there were barrels filled high with burning wood and the livestock moved between them.  As the fire crackled and smoke rose, Mac Modan said, "Not Beltane sure?"
"Most hereabouts use the calendar of Aries.  Fair chance to separate ourselves from Virgo all the more."
A few moments later, he asked, "Sheriff Beachain sounds a bit Virgan."
"He is.  Himself's da was governor years back and got the sheriff badge for himself."
"What did he make of Taoiseach Gwen?"
She laughed and said, "He gave no mind t' the crown or the disrespect t' it.  When the lobsters came for herself, he sent them off in wild directions."
"She still pays himself."
Aine nodded.  "That's the word on him."
"Is this the way of all the government and leaders so?"
"The road t' Promethea is long and I hate t' discourage yerself early."
The last of the cattle train moved past and the rumbling began to dampen as Gaoth faded behind them.  Finally, the high dust clouds parted and revealed the wide, clear blue sky above.  They drifted back toward the ten-meter-wide road and it was a road only in that a path had been trampled through the grass until only the pale brown soil beneath was visible.  Dom tried to steer Sorcha around the piles that Aine predicted, but after a time, he simply stopped.
For most of the first few hours, uí Shea asked about friends or neighbors from back home and Mac Modan told her the tales surrounding them.  At midday, they stopped alongside the road in the tall grass to give the horses a rest and food.  He stroked Sorcha's face and looked around at the endless green-yellow prairies with the occasional gentle rolls.  "A stream or a river is near about at all?"
She shook her head.  "No rivers on Aries, save some wee ones that wind through the mountains near the seas, and there aren't many mountains sure."
"Streams at all?"
"Some few, still very few.  Swamps near the equator, but none want that water so.  If the taoiseach has no need for yerself, being a welldigger is a fine profession.  Folk always have the need for their farms."  She sat on the ground and groaned.  "Farming be hard work on Aries."
Dom stretched his back and felt his joints pop and his muscles ache.  He tore at a bit of dried meat and blinked as the saltiness stung his tongue.  Feeling the sudden need for water, he looked toward the bottles on Colm's side.  "How will we get more water for ourselves betwixt here and Promethea?"
"There are towns along the way.  We can ask and yourself can pay."
"My purse isn't without end."
She ate an apple and chewed it thoroughly.  "Mac Fearghas' farm is near t' the road.  We ride a touch faster, we'll reach it 'fore nightfall."
He nodded and put the jerky back in his pouch.  After he took a water bottle from the side of the horse and drank it, he said, "Let's get ourselves on then."  He walked toward her and offered his hand.  She took it and he helped her up as she clamped her teeth onto the remainder of her apple.  Aine walked to the front of Colm and spoke softly into his ear while she held the fruit in front of his mouth.  He licked it at first and then began to bite on it hard.
Mac Modan removed the feed bag from Sorcha's face and hooked it onto the saddle.  Once he climbed up, the horse walked in a circle and he pulled her toward their companions.  They went east again on the road.
They rode until the sun set and a while beyond.  The farmhouse sat on the right side of the road where the ground undulated a bit more than the usual flat plains they had seen so far.  Save for the bright stars of their neighbor star systems, it was dark and the pair nearly rode their horses into the rickety old wooden fence that marked Mac Fearghas' property.  Silhouetted against the dense stars of the sky, they saw the columns that rose up and held the sign for the farm.  They turned onto the path and rode the horses right to the front porch of the simple home.  Faint light glowed behind shades inside and they wrapped the reins of their horses loosely on the handrails.  uí Shea went to the door first and knocked softly, three times.  The door flew open and a young man stood in the way holding a shotgun.
"Get off our land now!"
Aine stepped back and raised her hands and Domhaghart did the same.  "Willam?  It's me.  Aine uí Shea.  I helped your father when himself needed it in Gaoth so.  Remember?"
He couldn't be more than sixteen, but Willam held the weapon steadily.  Only his chest shook with fear and nervousness.  He squinted a little in the light and once he recognized her, he looked at Mac Modan and pointed the barrel at him.  "Who's that then?"
"That's Dom.  Himself's an old friend of mine from Celtae.  He's new to Aries."
The boy didn't seem to relax, but a younger girl stepped out from the wall and looked around her brother.  "Evenin', Miss Aine."
She smiled and answered, "Evenin', Eistir.  Is it yourself?"
"It is."  She put her hand on Willam's arm and said, "It's dark out now.  Let them in."
The boy glanced from one to the other and lowered the shotgun.  He backed away, but held the weapon close with his finger on the trigger.  "Come inside so."
Aine smiled and walked right to the girl, who hugged her tightly.  Mac Modan stepped in and closed the door, but he remained by it.  He forced himself to smile and nod at Willam who still seemed unsure with these visitors.
uí Shea looked around the home and asked, "Where's yer da now?"
The girl's face contorted and she buried it in Aine's shirt.  Willam spoke up and said, "Dead.  Three weeks after."
"Gods above," the older woman said.  She rubbed Eistir's back and asked, "How'd it happen then?"
"Bodach frakkers," Willam said.
Eistir lifted her head off Aine and shouted, "Don't talk like that now!  Da wouldn't like it sure!"
The boy shook his head and stomped across the room.  "Da is dead!  The bodachs killed him!"  With anger, he tossed the shotgun roughly onto the nearby couch.
"Three weeks ago," uí Shea asked, "they came here then?"
He nodded.  "Da put us in the cellar with the gun and said t' shoot any what open the doors.  We heard them shoot Da and then drink and laugh all the night.  They left in the morn and talked about setting a fire to our home but they didn't.  Killed our cows, they did.  Took our food."
"But they didn't find the cellar," Eistir said.  "Da put the rug over top it."
When the girl began to cry again, Aine held her head and stroked her hair.  "Come here, Willam."  Reluctantly, the boy left his solitude on that side of the room and leaned against her.  Embracing both of the children, she held them close and Dom saw, for the first time, true sorrow on her wrinkled face.  "I'll care for you now, as best I might."
Willam was crying and he sniffled before saying, "We sent a letter to my aunt in Brugh."
"That's good then.  Is herself coming?"
"I don't know," Eistir said.  "We've seen naught of the post since."
Aine looked at Dom and then back at the children.  "I will stay with you until we hear from the aunt sure."  The girl tightened her grip around the woman's waist and she coughed, "Now then.  Have ye had yerselves a supper so?"
"I was making it," Eistir said. 
"That's good, dear."  She touched her back and gave her a light shove toward the kitchen.  "Carry on then.  Willam, go help herself."  The boy nodded and followed the girl.  Aine turned to the door and said, "Me and Dom are going t' take our horses 'round the barn."  She took a lantern off one of the tables and then motioned for Mac Modan to follow her out of the house.
Once they were off the porch and beside their horses, he said, "Knew themselves well?"
"I do."  She angrily unwound the rein from the railing and stomped toward Colm.  "Five years after now, these kern cunts raided this house here and made off with the ma and little Eistir."  She climbed on top of her saddle and Dom joined her.  "I knew Eoghan, themselves' da, well enough, and he came hard into Gaoth lookin' t' gather a party.  The Virgan governor did naught, as expected, but myself and others got ourselves together and found the bodachs."
"The sheriff's father?"
"Right soft bastard, that Sir Oliver."  Aine held the lantern out and they rode the horses slowly toward the stables down the slight incline.  "A week passed and we found the bodachs and killed most.  Found poor Nessa near t' death.  She hung on t' see her little Eistir safe.  When we came, she smiled wide and held the little girl close before she let herself go."  She cleared her throat and said, "We brang her back t' Eoghan at their farm and I look in on them when I've a mind."  They parked the horses into stalls.  After kicking the loose hay into piles and removing the saddles and bags, she said, "I know I promised t' guide you t' Promethea, but I've got t' stay here a bit."
Mac Modan nodded.  "I understand you.  There's time still sure.  Too much passes and I need t' go without yourself, I won't think ill of you."
"Thank you."
"After we eat," Dom said, "I'll sit on the porch for the first watch if you'll relieve me after."
"I will."
As they walked back to the farmhouse, he asked, "These bodachs … why do they be after this family so?"
"Mac Fearghas just be too near the road and far enough from Gaoth.  In the plains, away from the towns, the bodachs ride free."  She looked at him with a wide-eyed and hard stare, "So's you know, I've sworn by the blood of Hercules to kill any bodachs I come 'cross.  You've a taste now why."
"Who are they then?"
She scoffed.  "More than just us Celtan rebels and foolhardy farmer folk on Aries.  William and Philippa and the others emptied the prisons and spilled the feckers here, so we've now a bunch of drachdhaoine to tend t'.  The sheriffs don't come t' the plains 'cause there's naught t' be made for themselves in coin.  The Virgans don't come 'cause," she flicked her hand away dismissively.  "Themselves the farmers and their neighbors is all."
They stepped onto the porch and Mac Modan asked, "And Eoghan Mac Fearghas.  What was he?"
Aine looked at the glowing window and said, "A man who wanted freedom t' raise his family and build a home for himself, away from the king and the strife of Celtae."  She sighed.  "One of the fools, but the good kind."

During the night of his first watch, Dom caught a ghastly stench on the breeze and he discovered the rotting corpses of the cows on the other side of the house, picked nearly clean by the carrion creatures of the Aries' plains.  The following day, he and Aine moved them away from the house and burned what was left in a clear spot in the field.  
"Did you see the bald vultures?" she asked him.
"I didn't."
"Pray you never do.  High up, when they give their cry, they look for all the worlds like the birds we saw on Virgo.  On the ground," she shook her head and spat, "you see 'em for what themselves are.  Great lizards and scaly, near about a meter long from tooth to tail and a wingspan thrice so.  They're pale with dried blood all about 'em, 'cause they won't bathe.  Nowhere t' bathe.  Skinny and they look like death.  Smell of it for sure."
Mac Modan watched the fire and felt a chill race up his spine.  Despite his revulsion, curiosity gripped him and he wanted to see these creatures.
The following day, he got his wish when he heard an ancient, primordial scream high above.  He ran out from the stable where he had been tending Sorcha and saw a pair of great winged things wheeling about in the air, circling the same spot on the ground.  He followed them and found the graves of both Mac Fearghas parents.  Poor Willam and Eistir had done their best to bury their father, but it proved not deep enough.  Without telling anyone, he took a shovel and unearthed Eoghan, and dug the pit another meter or so down.  Despite the scent of the moldering corpse, the vultures didn't come too near the ground because they saw Dom working there.  He retched several times until the work was finished, then he made the holy gesture and stumbled off toward one of the farm's pumps.  He lay beneath it, pulling the handle and spraying his crown with the cool water.  He watched the shapes of the reptiles high above continue their circle until they simply glided away when the scent vanished.
For the next two days, all four of them worked in the fields with the grass and grain.  The children knew most of the process and the adults were happy to help them along, if only because the work kept them all distracted from the tragedy that had befallen them.  It was difficult labor and the children easily slept at night, but both Aine and Dom struggled to stay awake and keep guard.
"Mr. Dom," Willam said.
Mac Modan was sitting on the porch with the shotgun across his lap.  He had been asleep and his eyes opened quickly, but he had enough presence of mind to not inhale so deeply or yawn.  He straightened and saw that the sun was rising behind the home.  After a glance at the boy, he answered, "What do you need, Willam?"  He had slipped and called him "son" once a few days ago.  It upset Willam to hear someone else say it so soon and it upset Dom to say it to someone who wasn't Rowan or Kelan.
"Miss Aine said you were in the war after.  Fighting on Celtae 'gainst the king."
He nodded.  "I did."
The boy walked toward the railing of the porch and leaned against it.  He stared at the road some one hundred meters away and asked softly, "You killed people?"
Mac Modan stretched and heard a pop in his neck.  He grimaced and said, "I did."
Willam looked back at him.  "You like it?"
Domhaghart's eyebrows raised.  "I didn't."
The teen seemed disappointed and he looked down at the wooden porch.  "Oh."
Mac Modan immediately understood.  "The people what I were fighting disagreed with ourselves on Celtae and how it should be.  The king, too.  We aimed t' protect our homes and faith, but the men and women I met upon the field … they weren't the king.  They were soldiers, same as me, doin' as they were told."  Willam nodded again.  "Had I a thought that they were evil folk, aiming t' harm mine like yours, the story would be different sure."
He raised his head.  "I see."
"Aine and me come up these bodachs on the road east, we'll have at them now.  Mark it."  Willam smiled and then looked at the road again.  Mac Modan wanted to change the subject, so he said, "A lovely piece of land.  I see why yours settled here so."  The teen didn't answer.  He just nodded.  "Mine on Celtae run a small farm to support ourselves.  Stable a number of horses.  It's beautiful, sure, but I found myself on Aries permanent, I'd be proud of a fair spot like this."
After a long silence, Willam muttered, "Nothin' fair 'bout it."  Dom wasn't sure he heard him right, but the boy's head whipped toward the road.  A tuft of pale dust was near the horizon and he stood on his toes to see.  "Who's coming then?"
Mac Modan stood and squinted toward the west.  "I see a cart.  Pair of horses.  At least two up top."  Willam backed away from the railing and into Dom's side.  He patted the boy's shoulder and said, "Go fetch Aine."
He ran into the house and Dom checked the weapon again.  He squinted at the cart in the distance, still some two kilometers away at least, and thought, No sense in coming along the road.  Unless it's to distract us from elsewhere.  He stalked along the wide porch and looked down one side of the house toward the stable.  He saw nothing.  He walked to the other end and looked along the other side of the house toward the barn.  Nothing.  When he turned again, uí Shea and the boy came outside with Eistir staying in the doorway.  They all looked toward the road and, after a moment, Willam ran off the porch and up to the road.
"Willam!" both Aine and Dom called.  He didn't listen and he kept running.
"Miss Aine," Eistir asked with a wavering voice.  "Who is it?"
"I don't know.  Get yourself inside and don't come out lest you hear myself say."  The girl ducked into the home and closed the door.  A moment later, they heard the thudding of the wooden block, barring it shut.  
"I'll go after himself," Mac Modan said.  "Stay here."
When Dom sprang from the porch, Willam was near the end of the path to the road and he was turning left along the old wooden fence.  He would meet the cart in just moments.  Mac Modan ran directly for the cart, cutting across the tall prairie grass and up the slope.  He was breathing heavily when he saw the cart come to a stop and one of the figures jump off it.  To his surprise, Willam leapt into the woman's arms and they embraced.  He slowed his run and came to a stop near the fence.  He then noticed a young man standing on the cart with a pistol drawn, aimed at Dom.  Mac Modan pointed the shotgun barrel at the ground and held his left hand up.
"Aw, Willam, asthore!" she said.  "We came as soon as ourselves heard!"  The boy was crying and blubbering in her shoulder but she turned and saw Mac Modan standing nearby, held at gunpoint.  "Who's this then?"
Willam pulled his face off her chest and started to speak but couldn't seem to form the words.  Instead, Dom said between pants, "I'm Domhaghart Mac Modan, ma'am.  I was traveling with Aine uí Shea, … some days back, … and we found the children alone so.  We've stayed and, … kept watch after."  
The woman looked at the teen and smiled, "Is that so?"  He nodded.  "The same Miss Aine what Eistir always speaks of?"  He nodded again.  Holding Willam's head to her closely, they walked toward the fence and the forty-something woman smiled at him.  "I'm Kayley uí Nechtan, Nessa's sister."
Dom asked, "The aunt in Brugh?"
"I am."  She bent low and kissed Willam's head.  "That's my oldest, Éber.  Put it away now."  The twenty-year-old finally holstered his pistol and slowly sat.  "Let's ride to home."  
They climbed onto the cart and Mac Modan asked, "I'm fairly fagged out from the run.  May I hop aboard?"
"For sure," she said.
He climbed between the slats of the fence and went to the rear of the wooden cart and stepped onto it.  He tapped the metal rail and the young man flicked the reins, sending the pair of horses into a slow trot.  Dom looked at the baggage in the rear and saw clothes, some food, and some equipment.  Moments later, the cart turned down the path toward the house and he looked over the side to see both Aine and Eistir standing on the porch.  
"Annie Kayley!" the little girl screamed.  Before they came to a halt, the woman jumped off and ran to the porch.  She scooped up Eistir and held her close as Éber and Willam stepped off the cart.  The young man held the boy and they watched Eistir weep against the tall form of their aunt.  Mac Modan slowly approached the porch and met the eyes of Aine which he could swear were glistening with tears.
"Now," Kayley knelt and took the hands of both children, "Éber and me will stay with ye a night or so, and then we'll pack yerselves up and bring ye home to Brugh."  The children nodded.  "Would ye like to come live with myself and Uncle Oran and your cousins?"  Eistir simply began to cry again and she lowered her face onto Kayley's shoulder.  Willam sighed as though he'd been holding his breath for a month.  His shoulders sagged and he nearly collapsed onto her, too.  After a minute, she patted their backs and they stood, wiping their faces.  "Take Éber now and show himself where to take the horses."  She stood and watched the children lead the cart away toward the stables and, then, once they were out of sight, Kayley began to cry.
Aine put her hand on the woman's shoulder and said, "The children will be well, don't fear that.  Strong they've been, living alone here some weeks 'fore we came."
She grunted and wiped her eyes, "Frakking post.  Could have been here weeks after had that fecker not lost the letter so long."  Kayley looked at uí Shea and said, "We can't thank yourselves enough.  Feel welcome to stay as long as need be."
The older woman smiled.  "I thank you, but I promised t' lead this one east."
Dom looked at Kayley and asked, "How far is it t' Brugh?"
"To ferry two young children so?  A week or more, I suppose."
He looked at Aine and said, "If yourself feels a need t' guide them home, I understand."
"I'll go, if you ask," uí Shea said.
Kayley smiled and said, "Thank you, but we'll care for ourselves fine, as we always do.  Éber's good with his gun and I with mine."
"The day's young now," Aine said.  "We'll gather our things and be off 'fore the midday, after we say our farewells t' the children."
The aunt stepped onto the porch and stared into the empty house.  Dom looked up at her and said, "Ourselves kept the children busy with the chorin'.  I can't speak t' the fields' quality as I'm not that kind of farmer."
"I thank ye both, but we're not of a mind to salvage what we might from here."  She touched the wooden doorframe and said, "When we leave, I intend to burn this accursed place to the ground and let the ashes be the only memory of the evils committed."
Mac Modan glanced at the house and thought it a shame, though he understood the sentiment.  "The ground will remember.  The children, too, I fear.  They'll need a close eye on themselves."
"I know."  As if shaken from a daze, Kayley turned and smiled at both of them.  "If I don't see yourselves before ye ride, Déithe duit."
Aine and Dom bowed their heads in return.  "Déithe duit," he responded.

They left the Mac Fearghas farm and rode until the sun's setting.  
They were silent for a long while until Dom saw something on the horizon.  The next morning, they rode and rode, silent for a long while until Dom saw something on the horizon.  Peeking above a hill, it appeared to be a house, red-orange in color.  As they got nearer, he saw that it wasn't a house, but instead a rock.  The kilometers passed by and he kept his eye on it as it rose higher above the prairie floor.  Once he could see its base, he realized that the structure was more than two hundred meters high.  Its edges were smooth and weathered and its face bore great lines that ran from the ground toward its somewhat flat top.
"No mountains you said."
uí Shea nodded.  "Called the Lonely Rock it is, just so."
They slowed their pace and Mac Modan stared at it.  It appeared out of place, both in color and in form.  "It's beautiful."
"The Chéad Cinn lived there."
He faced her and asked, "'First Ones?'  What does that mean then?"
"They were here 'fore the kings and queens took us and brang us here.  Came t' Aries at the time of Edith and Edmund and them.  Volunteers they were.  Not prisoners."  
Dom's mouth fell open and he looked at the rock with a new reverence.  "How's yourself know all this?"
"I knew a Chéad Cinn once and she told myself.  Old Betty Kowamanes.  She had herself some tales sure."
"She's gone then?"
"She is.  Last one, I suppose.  Just a few years after I came."  She saw him gawking still at the rock and she rode Colm a bit closer.  "I went inside once, I did."
He looked at her, "There's insides in it?"
"Caves and such.  Goes on for leagues.  Writing on the walls."
He looked at the Lonely Rock once more and asked, "They're dead now?"
"They had themselves some towns and such when the prison folk were brought.  They didn't care for newcomers or the lobsters what brang 'em so they started a scuffle.  Virgans killed most.  Us Celtans and the others the Virgans brang, too."  She shook her head.  "I've not seen a one since Old Betty."  She tapped the horn on Dom's saddle and waved, "Let's get.  Yerself can see it when next you're by."
He nodded and felt sorrow that he couldn't explore it now, since he likely wouldn't be back at all.
For four days after, they rode and covered some ninety or more kilometers each day.  They passed fields of grains and crops of corn and other plants, but they did not seek out shelter with the farmers as Aine simply didn't know everyone and it was considered impolite to impose on a stranger so.  Nevertheless, on the fourth night, there came a storm and they turned off the road for a distant farmhouse.  On its porch as the rain drove hard about them and lightning flashed in the sky, they knocked on the door until a man answered with a gun in his hand.
"Beggin' yer pardon," uí Shea said as they both raised their hands, "the storm's fierce and we can't camp in it.  Might you spare a room …"
"No!" he yelled.  "Get off me land!"
"Torin!" a woman called out from the other side of the room.  "The gods would be sore displeased to hear you say so!"
He shook his head and grumbled.  "The barn."  He pointed with his gun.  "You come to my door again, I'll give you a hole!"
"Obliged," Aine said as she backed away and the door was slammed shut.  They climbed atop their horses and rode them to the nearby building.  Dom jumped off and pulled the doors open.  Once they were all inside, they spread out their bags in hopes of drying everything off.
Later, they lay on straw in the low light of a lantern which hung nearby while the storm raged on outside.  Mac Modan pulled a blanket over himself and asked, "Harsh, wasn't he?"
"Mm.  Bodachs hereabouts.  But most people," she shook her head and tore off a bite of dried meat, "they want t' be left alone regardless.  There's enough distance 'tween 'em all.  They only have themselves most days and there's no love of company."
"On Celtae, if there were a storm and a traveler needed a roof or a meal, they'd be taken in."
She chuckled.  "We're not on Celtae."
The next morning they rose.  The storm had long since passed and the ground was moist.  They rode away quickly before they drew the ire of the farmer again and rejoined the road.  Within hours, they came to the small town of Feoir, resupplied, and stayed there for the night.  In the morning, they rode on for a further three days.  
One evening as they scouted the edges of their vision for a place to make camp, they spotted a pair of bushes on either side of the road about a kilometer ahead.  Aine put her hand out to slow Dom's approach and she said, "I've come this way some fifty times, and a fair number in the last year sure.  I don't recollect myself any brush so near the road."
Mac Modan looked at it and how suspicious it was.  Green shrubbery with no others nearby.  "And perfectly even by the road."
"Hm."  She reached under her coat and felt the handle of her pistol.  "We ride toward themselves on the road for half the piece, then we cut into the fields wide, leaving the bushes betwixt us.  Yourself will go right."
He nodded and they increased their pace toward the bushes.  When Aine drove Colm to the left into the grass, Dom did the same with Sorcha to the right.  They increased speed and he rose up in his stirrups.  He pulled the flap of his coat away and reached toward the hammer of his gun.  He pulled it back with his leather glove-covered thumb and stared hard into the bushes, looking for a sign.  A moment later, they both came to the rear side of the brush and were met with a volley of gunfire.  The shots missed and Mac Modan drew his weapon and aimed it toward the pale shape inside the green shrub.  He pulled the trigger and the weapon jerked violently in his hand.  Sorcha reared and voiced her discontent, but Dom turned Sorcha toward the target and pulled the hammer back again by pushing it against the saddle horn.  He aimed again and fired.  The bush began to shake and move so he stopped the horse and pulled the hammer back again, this time with his gloved palm.  The man inside collapsed and the shrub tilted over.  He jumped off Sorcha and approached with caution as he looked toward uí Shea and saw her fire once more into the bush on her side.
Mac Modan stared at the arms and legs of the figure and they weren't moving.  He holstered the revolver and pulled on one of the branches, shaking the body loose.  He tossed the bush away and looked at the young man inside.  His skin was mottled as if with some disease and his clothes were filthy.  With his boot, Dom pushed the man onto his back and he saw the scarred and wild-eyed face of the assailant, frozen.  Bright red blood poured from one bullet hole in the man's neck and another in his chest.
"Bodachs sure, and fool ones at that," Aine said.  "Seen this one here before."  He walked across the wide road and looked at the darker woman lying dead in the shade of her concealment.  
Dom glanced at uí Shea and asked, "You've not got yourself shot?"
"Naw.  These two cunts can't hit shite sure."  She spat onto the corpse and said, "Strange there's only the pair.  Bodachs travel in larger groups."
Mac Modan turned around in a circle and scanned the distant horizon.  He saw only flat plains and grass.  "Then more will come for themselves."
"We need to ride, hard.  Monhaghan's a cattle town on the road but a stretch too far now.  I say ourselves ride off into the plains and find a spot to camp for the eve.  In the morn, we make for Monhaghan."
"And what of themselves?"
"Paper on you at all?"
Dom nodded and walked back to Sorcha.  He looked through the bags and came across the concealed transmitter.  A hole was ripped into the leather and fabric and his heart sank.  Slowly, he parted the flaps and saw a hole in the case of the transmitter.  He closed his eyes and said a silent prayer. 
"What has you stopped now?" she called.
He shook his head and ran his finger along the hole and the edges of the case.  The mangled bullet fell out and he exposed the transmitter to the fading sun's light.  He saw no other damage, so he had to hope the bullet only wounded the case.  He reached under the heavy box and withdrew a few thick sheets of paper and a graphite pencil.  He jogged over the road to Colm's side where Aine took the sheets and wrote the same message on two pages: "Bodachs be damned!"
"Pin it on himself," she said.  She walked over to the nearer corpse and tucked the sheet in her shirt.  Dom went back to Sorcha and closed up the bags before he did the same to the man he killed.  He climbed onto the saddle and saw Aine ride into the north and he followed close behind.

Hours later, after the sun had set, the pair rested in the pit of a small rocky sinkhole some ten kilometers north of the road.  The night was dark and faintly glowed with stars, covered only occasionally by the high pass of a cloud.  They did not dare risk a campfire, so they sat huddled under blankets and eating their road provisions.
"How long you manage the brothel?" Dom asked.
"Not manage.  I get myself a couple dram a week for keepin' curs out the place."
He sipped water from his leather-clad bottle.  "You ever partake?"
She chuckled.  "May have.  I prefer's them fair, like your Fina."  He looked at her and she raised her hand.  "Meaning no offense.  Not many ones about with fair skin on 'em."
He swallowed hard and tried to push thoughts of his wife aside.  He had dwelled on her often in the long hours of their travel and he didn't want to do so again.  "And the men?"
"Eh," she spat and then bit into a piece of dried meat.  "Not anymore.  The only man what I want near t' my nethers is Colm there."
Dom looked into the starry sky and he blinked for a moment.  In the long darkness, he saw again the face of the young man, the bodach he had killed hours before.  Staring into the blue sky with blood pouring over his dirty skin and clothes.  "In your time on Aries, how many you killed after?"
She sighed and looked away in thought.  "I can't say.  Many."  She studied Mac Modan and understood why he asked.  "Not the same as in war so?"
"It's not.  An army 'gainst another, you're shooting int' a crowd, more often than not.  You catch the eye of some Redshirt under your horse or before your sword, but ourselves all understand it.  I wear the green on me and they the red.  This," he shook his head, "today, a robber?  A murderer?  I don't know himself.  I don't understand the why of it.  If he had himself a uniform, I might guess, but …"  He shrugged.
She wiped her hands against each other and said with a full mouth, "When first I came t' Aries, I told myself, 'No more killing,' says I.  'The raid on Dunnagall was enough,' says I.  My fights alongside Regan and our raids on the mainland.  Prison were no respite either.  So, I'm brang t' Aries and I says again, 'No more killing,' says I.  I kept t' it for a few years but the work in Gaoth dried up, and then Cúailgne, so I took t' the roads and plains."  She looked down and picked at the edges of her tattered blanket.  "A group of bodachs set upon me outside Brugh and they didn't expect themselves a fight from a woman such as myself.  'Give over your food and your money and we may spare your life, if not your virtue,' says he."  One corner of her mouth turned up.  "'And what of yours,' says I.  Some took t' laughing and the main one, he was confused 'cause he didn't know I spoke about his life or his virtue.  He died with that confusion still on his face and I shot the other three just as fast."  She looked then at Dom and saw even in the pale light that he was transfixed.  "I still see those four faces in the dark, so many years after and with so many others between."
He lay his head down on his bundle and pulled the corner of his blanket closer to his face.  "Sin mar atá sé."
She laughed and said, "It is.  Get yourself some sleep.  I'll have the first watch."
He rolled over and closed his eyes.  A short while later, he slept.
At some point in the night, he stirred and noticed a faint glow before his eyes, but he still didn't open them.  Then he heard the hammer being drawn back on a revolver.
When he looked, he saw Aine sitting before him with a lantern by her side.  In her lap, behind the weapon pointed at his head, was the Virgan wireless transmitter.  Slowly, Mac Modan sat up and she said, "Where's your piece on you?"
With his left hand raised, Dom reached under the blanket and withdrew the holster, gun and all.  He slowly then reached under the bundle that served as his pillow and retrieved the long knife and its scabbard.  "What's this about then?"
"I'm asking of you.  Looking in the dark I was for my own bags and found myself in yours."  She tapped the top of the transmitter.  "'Take me t' the taoiseach,' says you.  'I've a bit of fight left in me.'"
"I do."  He slumped a bit under the covers and sighed.  "I should have explained it all t' yourself."
"What's to explain about a Celtan with a Virgan wireless?  Save to say he's a traitor t' the isle?  What did the sass'nach offer yourself?"
It almost hurt to speak the words, "A chance t' go home t' my family.  On Celtae."  She chuckled and he interrupted, "And not be exiled t' Hibernia!  Not be kept in prison!"  She shook her head and he said, "If Robert made the offer t' you after Dunnagall, would you have done his will for you t' go back home?  Or had you no family t' care for?"
"Mind your tongue, Dom," she said.  "I had family sure.  And friends.  I've not seen 'em in twenty years over this."
He leaned forward, "If you could return, would you do as himself said?"
She inhaled deeply and stared at the younger man.  "I wouldn't."
"I figured," Dom sighed.  "You've no children.  Makes it different."
"How you know the Virgans not be lying t' you?  That Fina and the wee ones be alive?"
The thought made him fume, but instead he reached inside his coat.  She raised the weapon higher and Mac Modan slowed his motions, ending with the withdrawal of the page from his pocket.  "Given t' me by the Virgans themselves.  That's Fina's writing sure."
With a wary eye on Dom, she took it and began to read.  She stopped and asked, "What task did this Madam Thorne set you to?"
"Find Taoiseach Gwen and direct the Virgan military t' her or kill her myself."
She huffed.  A moment later, her eyes narrowed and she asked, "Who's this Maeve?"
"Fina's aunt.  Maeve Ruad."
She set the letter in her lap and looked at him.  "Maeve Ruad?  She fought alongside Regan longer than myself, and she was a pirate on the seas before that."
Dom nodded, "She escaped prison after Dunnagall.  Joined the Celtan Free Army as a ghinearál and spent three years fighting the Redshirts all across the isle before herself was killed in battle at Daire."  Aine looked again at the letter in confusion and he explained, "Fina's giving myself permission to keep fighting."
As she nodded, uí Shea handed the letter back to him.  While he folded it, she said, "So, you do as the sass'nach will and you can see yer wife and children again.  Live on Celtae even.  But you risk losing the love of Fina o'er it."
"That's a fair look at things," Mac Modan said.
"Have you set yer mind?"
He looked up at the night sky and thought.  "I haven't.  Not yet."
Aine regarded him a bit longer and then lowered the hammer on her revolver.  "I have no envy for you."  She stood, holstered the weapon, and lifted the wireless box, "Though I can't abide this."  She threw it down angrily and the case spilled open, tossing wires and components across the ground and toward the lantern.  Dom made a half-hearted lunge for the device before it struck and while he slowly scooped up the electrical entrails, she said, "Sorry, you'll forgive me for not ferrying you the rest of the way t' Promethea."  
She gathered her things, leaving only the lantern.  Once Colm was saddled, she climbed atop and rode away without another word or glance.

He tried to sleep, but he couldn't.  As the sky lightened but before the disk of the sun was above the horizon, he cleaned up the camp and gathered the remains of the transmitter.    He rode away from the site and hoped to spot some sign of Aine's passing, but he couldn't.  Instead, he headed southeast toward the main cattle road.  Monhaghan's near enough she says, he thought.  With a flick of the reins and a kick in the stirrups, Sorcha's speed increased.
In his time on the road, he saw nothing of Aine.  He saw a pair of carts traveling west, ferrying men and women with rifles to guard their goods, so he gave them a fair bit of distance.  In the early afternoon, he saw buildings on the horizon and farms on either side of the road with cattle behind fences.
The signs marked the wind-whipped town as Monhaghan and Mac Modan relaxed as he rode toward the hotel and tavern on the main thoroughfare.
"Stayin' at Fingal's, sir?" a girl called up to him.
As he stepped off the horse, he looked at the wooden façade of the inn and saw that was the name.  "I aim to."
She reached for the horse's reins and said, "I'll take her 'round t' the stables."
Dom smiled and reached into his pocket.  Next to his leather pouch, he felt a loose one-dram coin.  He handed it to her and said, "Thank you.  See she's fed and watered."
The girl gasped and then beamed.  "Yes sir!  What's her name then?"
"Sorcha."
"Come along, Sorcha," she said as she led the horse to the rear of the building.  He watched her go and he thought of Rowan and Kelan playing with the horses back home.  Loud laughter from the tavern broke his reverie and he turned in a circle to see what shops were near.  When he saw a small building with "POST" written on the sign out front, he walked toward it.
"I can help you?" the old woman behind a desk asked without looking up from her work.
"I believe so," Dom said as he scanned the walls.  "Have you a map hereabouts I might look upon?"
She grunted as she stood and hefted herself across the creaking wood floor.  She pulled a board out from under the counter which featured most of occupied Aries, with major roads, towns, and post locations marked.  "The package is goin' where now?"
"I don't have a package on me."  He looked at the map and she whipped it away.  While she stowed it in its place under the counter, he reached into his pocket and pulled out another one-dram coin.  Seeing that, her eyebrows raised and she put the board back on the countertop.  "Thank you."
"Take your time," she said as she took the coin and lumbered off.
He found Monhaghan quickly enough, and the long road that connected back to Feoir, Gaoth, and Brugh.  He looked east and saw the next town, Thatcham, and then Ballymote at the road's end.  From there, a road stretched north and south, and at the southern end lay Promethea, near a spur of mountains and the sea.
He turned to leave and said, "Thank you."
"Happy to," the woman answered.
He walked across the street to Fingal's and noted the unruly crowd that seemed to linger on the front walkway and inside the tavern.  He changed directions and went directly to the hotel's main doors.  Inside, the din from the raucous drinking filled the small room and Dom approached a man who stood behind a large book.
"You have a room for the night?" Mac Modan asked.
"I do."  His gravely voice gave way to a cough.  Dom looked at the counter and saw a pipe and fumarella pouch by his ink wells.  "A dram for the night and two if you'll require supper."
"I will."  He reached into his pocket and perused the coins.  Seeing no more single dram pieces, he pulled a copper five-dram coin out and set it on the counter.  "I may have need t' stay more than one night."
"Obliged, obliged."  He took the coin and pushed the book toward him.  "Make your mark there.  Room six."  Dom signed and took the key.  When he turned toward the doors to the tavern, the older man held up his hand.  "Careful now."
"What's that?"
"Sorry, there's," he looked toward the doors and lowered his voice, "bodachs about."
There was another burst of laughter from the tavern and Mac Modan looked toward it.  He felt anger and remembered the Mac Fearghas children.  "And yerself allows it?"
"'Allow?'" he repeated.  "No one t' stop it.  Sheriff don't.  Couldn't if she'd a mind t'."  He shook his head.  "More often than not, they pay for what they drink and move along.  If you'd care t' wait, they're likely t' be gone by evening.  Morn at the most."
"I'll be fine."  He reached under his coat and pulled back the hammer on his revolver.  
He pushed open the door and saw a blue and white room filled with twenty dirty men and women, sitting in chairs or on tables and leaning against walls.  A woman sat at the piano and played a happy tune, but by the look on her face, Dom judged that she wasn't one of their people.  He looked right toward the bar and saw behind it a group of tenders cleaning glasses and pouring drinks while looking nervously across the room.  
Mac Modan took the nearest stool with his right side against the wall and caught the attention of a young barmaid.  "Whisky," he said.  She nodded and took a bottle from the shelf behind her.  He glanced down the bar and saw a man in a green and gray jacket at the middle, nursing a glass.  He didn't appear as filthy as the bodachs and he wasn't participating in their revelry, at any rate.
"Come now, love," a man stumbled to the bar an arm's reach from Dom.  "I've a dram in me pocket for ye."  Those behind him began to laugh and slap each other on the back.
The barmaid shook her head and said nothing.  The older bartender stepped forward and barked, "Here!  I've said before, ourselves'll have none of that as we're a godsfearing establishment!"
A bodach woman called out, "Jupiter frakked anything what moved.  Why can't we then?"  The group roiled with laughter.  "Ye worship Venus, don't ye?!  I sure as frak do!"  As their mirth surged again, another man fell against the bar next to Mac Modan.  He shielded his fresh drink with his left arm and made ready to reach under his coat with the right.  Any nervousness he felt was tempered by the fact that they all appeared to be jovial.
"Hoy!" a woman said as she threw the streetside door to the tavern open.  "Maids Head 'cross town has whores!"
Most of the bodachs rose quickly and downed their drinks.  Some placed their glasses back on the tables and others just dropped them on the floor.  They streamed out of the tavern and into the road with one man laughingly repeating, "'Maids Head!'"  
In the quiet that followed, the bar hands sighed and relaxed.  There were still six bodachs seated around the room, apparently disinterested in the prospect of professional intercourse and content with their drinks.  Dom drank his whisky and closed his eyes.
"More!" an older ruffian raised his glass and a young maid went to him.
The older bartender asked Mac Modan, "What brings you to Monhaghan?"
"On the way to Promethea."  He saw out the corner of his eye that the other man at the bar looked toward him.  Dom faced him and asked, "Yourself?"
"The same."
Dom drank the rest of his whiskey and put the empty glass on the counter.  "Please."  The older bartender refilled it.  "I'm looking for the taoiseach."  The man inhaled sharply while the tenders behind the bar looked at each other, confused.
"Promethea be where the taoiseach is?" a young one asked.
The man got off his stool and took the one next to Dom.  "Have a care.  The taoiseach is known but unknown, if you'll understand myself."
"I beg yer pardon."
"Why d'you seek herself?"
He sipped from the freshly poured whisky.  "I'm late of the Celtan Free Army and aim to offer my services."
"Brang here by the Virgans so?  Captured in the war?"  One of the larger bodach men stood and began to stagger across the room toward the bar.
"I was."
"I know the taoiseach.  I would be willing …"  The large man slumped against the bar between the man and Mac Modan, overwhelming them with his stench and pushing both men aside.  "Shove off then!"  He pushed the bodach who then stumbled back.  His eyes took several seconds to refocus, and when he saw the man in green and gray, his face shifted to rage and he pulled a knife from his waist, immediately slashing it across the man's front.  His arm and chest were cut and when the bodach reared back to stab, Dom spun and kicked the Celtan man's stool out from under him, sending him to the floor.  The knife stuck into the wood of the bar and Mac Modan slipped off the back of his stool and drew his own knife.  When the larger man straightened, he jabbed toward Dom and missed, but Dom did not.  He plunged the long blade down through his upper right breast, beneath the collarbone.  The bodach stumbled back and blood spurted up alongside the handle.  
The other five stood and began to move toward the bar, drawing their weapons.  Mac Modan reached under his coat and removed his gun, firing the pre-cocked shot easily into the nearest.  As that one fell back onto a table, he fanned the hammer, firing at three others.  Two rushed him with one woman grabbing his right arm and preventing him from firing again.  Dom tried to pull away and he leaned toward the stabbed bodach who was simply slumped against the wall and bleeding.  As though in its scabbard, he removed the blade from the man's chest and jabbed it into the woman's throat.  With his gun arm free, he fired again and again until it was empty.  Three bodachs lay on the floor, still.  Two were rolling and clutching their wounds.  Finally, the fat one collapsed with a great thud.
"Great Jupiter, preserve us," the bartender said as she made the holy gesture.
"I am obliged, sir," the slashed man in gray and green said from the floor as blood seeped through the cuts in his coat, "but I fear for your life sure."
Mac Modan knelt and removed his knife from the dead woman's throat.  As he surveyed the damage, the hotel clerk came in through the doors and said, "Saints above!"
He felt lightheaded and energized at once.  He felt like he could flee and float the entire time.  The feeling remained and it solidified into a single thought.  Run.
He blinked and realized that the bar hands and clerk had been speaking to him.
"It needed t' be done!"
"It didn't need t' be done in here sure!"
"What about the rest of them?!  There's a dozen more bodachs who be spoiling for a fight when they return!"
Dom's heart sank and he reached into his pocket, taking a twenty-dram piece.  As he placed it on the bar, he asked, "A back door to the stables now?"
The bartender picked up the coin and the clerk grabbed his arm.  "This way."  They left the tavern through the inn's side door and he was taken behind the counter and through the kitchen.  "There.  Go on."
Mac Modan tipped his hat.  "Thank you."
As he exited into the straw-filled stables, the clerk asked, "Which way yourself be headin'?
"East t' Promethea."
The old man nodded and said, "We'll tell 'em west."
The door closed and the little girl stepped beside him.  "Be needin' Sorcha again?"
Her presence surprised him and he jumped back.  "I do.  Has she her saddle on herself still?"
She led him toward the brown and white horse.  "She does.  Myself's too small t' take it off."
"That's well."  He removed the feed bag from the horse's mouth and handed it to the girl.  "Thank you for seeing to herself.  Now, you stay here in the stables."
She nodded.  "My ma told myself t' stay in the corner when there's shootin'."
"Good girl."  He clapped the stirrups against Sorcha's sides and the horse bolted out of the stable.  He pulled her away from the main street and raced around the outer edge of Monhaghan.  When the buildings thinned out and gave way to more fencing and grazing cattle, he turned to the road and pressed Sorcha east as hard as she could go.
Once Monhaghan disappeared behind him beneath the horizon, he slowed a little but not a lot.  He reloaded his revolver and thought back to the map at the post office.  Thatcham is next, but how far?  Once the sun began to set, he veered off from the trail alongside a wooden fence that contained both crops and livestock.  He passed many hundreds of sheep before he reached the tall stalks of corn at the far corner of this property.  He was now kilometers from the cattle road and he decided to stop.
He climbed off Sorcha and immediately removed her saddle.  "I'm so sorry, my lady."  He stroked her head and neck before placing a bowl on the ground and filling it with water.  She knelt onto the soft prairie grass and lapped it up sloppily in just a few moments.  Dom refilled it and she drank again.  As she did, Mac Modan hung the feedbag on the post, knowing she could have her fill when she wanted, assuming she didn't want what grew naturally hereabouts, and he extended the reins to lash them around the fence.
He sat nervously and cleaned his knife.  Seeing sticky blood on his jacket in the fading light, he poured some of his remaining water on it and tried to scrub it away.  He checked and rechecked his revolver and leaned against the post.  He looked toward the road, over the slight crest, and he fell asleep.
Sorcha awakened him at some point in the night by bashing the feedbag against his head as she ate.  He was glad to see she was standing again, so he crawled away from the post and slept by the tall stalks of corn.  After he pulled a blanket over himself, he lay there and looked up through the leaves at the stars.  He thought again about the bodachs he killed and wondered if they had families.  Sometime later, he was again awakened by his horse who now chewed on the leaves of the corn plants above his head.
"Now, now," he said as he rolled out from under the fence.  He pulled Sorcha away and stroked her while he looked at the sky and judged it to be less than an hour before full sunrise.  "We need t' ride again now.  I promise not t' push yourself so hard."  He stroked her face again and then broke camp.  As they continued east toward the rising sun, he saw a bright star on the horizon.  He initially thought it might be either Helios Gamma or Delta until he recalled that he was in Delta.  Must be Alpha or Beta then.  He watched all the other stars, save that one, disappear as the blue of the sky brightened.  Dom shook his head at how alien everything felt.
When he continued east, he remained parallel to the road, he believed, kilometers distant.  He rode over the plains and over the grass.  There were slight hills from time to time and long stretches of flat land.  He passed another sheep ranch and then another farm.  At both, he saw people working in the distance, but they made no move toward him nor he to them.  When the evening was near, he spotted a grove of trees and rode toward it.  To his surprise, he found a small spring and let Sorcha have her fill.  He rested there for a while after refilling his water bottles and then a fear came to him.  If this was a known place, others might come and that may include bodachs.  Tension gripped his chest and he mounted his horse again, riding east.
For three more days, he remained near the road, occasionally riding north to verify its location and then riding away to stay out of its sight.  He slept in small spots between hills or at the corners of farms, seeing none but the cows who were curious at his presence.  As he rode, he thought about his family and he thought about the mess of circuitry that remained in his bag.  If he could make it to Promethea and if he could speak to the taoiseach, how would he reach out to the Virgans and have them make good on their promise?  And would they even keep it?
One morning as he scouted toward the road, he saw a town in the distant east.  He hoped it was Thatcham, so he rejoined the main trail.  Along the path, he saw other riders and carts heading there, so he followed along behind them.  A while later, he saw the signs indicating that this was Thatcham and he relaxed.
He entered on the main street and saw a pair of men wearing somewhat familiar uniforms on the walkway: green jackets with brown pants and black hats.  They held rifles and studied all of the people who entered town.  The style reminded him of Celtan infantry but as he thought about it, it made sense as so many Celtans had settled here.  Likely a police force of some sort, he thought.
He found a hotel and looked about the city streets.  The people appeared to be clean and well behaved.  No signs of any bodachs.  He relaxed a bit more and lashed Sorcha's reins to the post out front before he entered.
"Good morning," the woman behind the desk said, "how may we help you?"
Her accent was Virgan and it threw him.  "I need a room for myself and my horse."
"Certainly, sir."  She looked at her book and said, "I have room four free for you.  Will you be staying only tonight?"  
"I will."  He noted the quiet again.  "Though I might have my mind changed."
"One dram, ten shillings, if you please."  She tapped a bell on the counter as he searched his purse.  A young man came out of a room and the clerk said, "This gentleman's horse requires a stall.  Please see to it and take his bags to room four."
Dom turned and looked out the window.  "Herself's the painted one, by the blue roan."  The boy tipped his cap and darted out the door.  "For meals, where might I find myself fed?"
"We have a table in the kitchen.  The cook will see to your needs and you'll be charged accordingly upon your departure."
He walked through the door she gestured toward.  There, he saw a long table in the middle of the room and a man working over a stove and by a large cutting block.  
"Have a care," the woman said from the doorway, "if you have need for drink, you'll not find any here.  There's the Lamb & Flag across the way."
"Thank you again," he said as he sat.  "I don't believe I'll have a desire t' find myself in a pub at all."

For two days, Mac Modan rested in the peaceful quiet of the hotel.  He left his room only to eat or to visit the stables and check on Sorcha.  By nightfall on the second day, he became restless and he knew he was running out of time.  Nearly a month had passed since he arrived and he hadn't even made it to Promethea yet.  He wondered about Aine and if she was well.  He thought of Fina and the boys and if they were being treated well in the occupation.  
The following morning, he arose and went to the general store for supplies.  He gathered food, additional water bottles, and feed for Sorcha.  As he left the store and walked across the street, he heard an argument nearby.
"You know very well that your presence is not welcome in Thatcham."
Dom looked and saw that Virgan accent coming from a woman wearing what for all the worlds appeared to be a Celtan uniform.  As he wondered at that, he then saw the group of bodachs she was talking to.  At least eight men and women were in an offensive stance at the front of the tavern glaring at the two officers.  Three of the bodachs were slowly reaching toward their waists.
"As I said," the leader began, "we'll not be 'round for long.  We're hunting one who shot up a bar in Monhaghan."  Mac Modan's heart pounded and he stalked to the hotel.  He deliberately walked behind carts and horses to put distance between himself and the bodachs.  When he got his first boot on the wooden walkway, he heard someone scream, "Hoy!"
He darted inside.  The door shut behind him and he heard shouting in the street.  Then, two gunshots.  He looked through the window and saw the police aiming their rifles at the group while one man rolled in the dirt, clutching his arm.
Dom ran upstairs with his purchases and quickly stowed them in his bags.  Within a minute, he had gathered everything and he stormed back down the stairs to the small lobby of the hotel.  There, he found the kindly proprietor and the green-jacketed officer staring at him.
"Given your haste," the woman said as she removed her black hat, "I presume you are the one for whom they are searching."
Mac Modan hefted the bags to his shoulders and winced as his back muscles protested.  "I fear that I am."
The older woman behind the desk appeared in shock.  "Why are they seeking you?"
"They say he killed five of their number in Monhaghan."  As the clerk clutched the front of her blouse, the stern-faced officer scanned Dom from head to toe.  "And with nary a scratch upon you?"
He nodded.  "I did.  I didn't aim to, but themselves made it so."
"Impressive."  She glanced out the window of the hotel and Mac Modan looked, too.  There, he saw a line of four green-jacketed police standing guard before the door and a group of bodachs beyond, craning and jumping to see into the establishment.  "See here.  I have most of my men in the street to corral these low-lifes, but they still outnumber us, three to one."
Dom looked again and said, "Looks to be a fairer fight than that."
"My aide tells me there is another group across town at a different inn and that they are now coming in this direction."  Panic began to grip him and the officer said, "If you'll have my advice, I recommend you depart for a more congenial clime as this one does not seem likely to remain healthy for you much longer."
"I've set my mind to sure."  He leaned against the wall to take some of the weight off his shoulders and reached into his pocket.  He intended to remove a ten-dram piece, but he ended up with a golden one instead.  "Madam."  He put it on the desk and added, "I thank yourself for your hospitality and apologize for any ills I've brang ye."
She looked at the coin in surprise and nodded, "You are very welcome."
He straightened and nodded toward the officer before turning to the rear door and walking through it.  A moment later, he emerged at the back of the hotel with the stables just across a small alley.  He ran to it and found Sorcha quickly enough, but saddling her took precious time.  As he climbed out from under her, he heard someone walking through the straw near him.  Slowly, he crept to the edge of the stall and looked.  It was a single bodach with his pistol drawn.
He stood against the wooden wall by the entry and drew his knife from its scabbard.  When he saw the revolver poke into view, he slammed the edge of his hand against it, between the cocked hammer and the frame.  Immediately, the younger man pulled the trigger and the pin clicked against the back of his hand, but by that point, Dom had grabbed it fully and jabbed the point of his knife into the man's belly.  He pulled the gun out of the bodach's hand while he staggered away and opened his mouth to scream.  Quickly and despite his awkward grasp on the firearm, Mac Modan leapt toward him and smashed the butt of the handle against the side of his head.  The young man staggered once, still clutching his bloodied abdomen, and Dom struck him again after gripping it more firmly. 
With the ruffian now unconscious on the ground, he stuck the gun in his belt, secured the rest of the bags atop Sorcha, and mounted her.  Immediately, he pulled the reins and rode her out of the stables and into the street at the rear of the hotel.  He pushed her hard through the traffic, startling a few pedestrians and cart drivers.  When the buildings thinned and he knew he was at the eastern edge of town, he hunkered down and pushed Sorcha hard.  
Mac Modan began to turn toward the road, but he stopped himself and remembered the map.  Ballymote was on the road and to the east and Promethea was now to the southeast.  We'll be riding in the plains sure and not upon the road, he thought.  I can make straight for Promethea and be there all the sooner.  Unfortunately, the post office map he consulted wasn't fully annotated, otherwise he would have seen that the desolate Badlands lay in the space between Thatcham and Promethea.
He made it some three kilometers outside of town before Sorcha slowed herself to a canter.  He glanced back and saw no commotion so he stroked the back of her neck and relaxed somewhat.
After a few minutes, he looked back.  He had to squint but he believed he saw at least three horses galloping toward him.  Now that he was more than six kilometers outside of town, ten were, in fact, on his tail and the rest were delayed in town by the rifles of the police force.  He kept his eye on them and saw that the horses were sprinting toward him.  He stroked the horse's mane and said, "Sorry.  Ride hard, girl."  He clapped the stirrups and she took off again.
Mars above, what I would give to have my calvary about myself.  He imagined the sight of the dust kicked up from the prairie and the sound of thousands of thundering hooves.  He almost smiled.
At eight kilometers outside of town, he saw that the span between would not be maintained for long.  He looked at poor Sorcha, huffing and puffing as she galloped, and realized the extra weight of his baggage was a burden for her.  He contemplated dropping it when the sounds of the first distant gunfire reached his ears.
He looked ahead and beheld the flatness before him.  Occasional tufts of drying prairie grass and long stalks of some pale yellow wild weed.  A cloudless blue sky above stretched into eternity and there was nothing ahead for him to aim toward.  Not a farm nor fence nor barn nor cart.  The flat plain met the sky at the edge of his vision and taunted him with hopelessness.
Ten kilometers now southeast of Thatcham.  Eleven.  Sorcha huffed and Dom knew she was going to be too fatigued soon, but he hoped that the same could be said of the bodachs behind him.  A bullet struck one of the bags by his leg and Sorcha began to protest the marathon by whipping her head and trying to slow.  He looked and saw that they were now less than a kilometer or so behind him.  They fired again and again and bullets whizzed past his head or plowed into the dirt.  They got closer and another shot hit a bag right behind his back.  He hunkered down and contemplated what to do.  He didn't have long to think before the decision was made for him.
A bullet struck his left shoulder blade.  Before he could judge how bad it was, Sorcha was hit in her right thigh.  She stumbled and fell, throwing Mac Modan over her head and to the ground.  He recalled his cavalry training and managed to tuck into a roll.  His hat flew off and the extra revolver fell from his belt, but he was able to right himself quickly.  Sorcha was between him and the bodachs and trying to stand.  He crawled toward her and pulled her reins down.  "Lay, girl."  Bullets ripped into the ground around him and one hit the saddle.  The pursuers were nearly on him now and he drew his weapon.  When he brought his left hand up to pull the hammer back, he felt pain in his left arm from the bullet wound.  He began to spring away from the horse to spare her, but another bullet hit her flank and she collapsed.
Fury filled him and he raised his right arm.  The first shot caught the nearest bodach square in the chest and he fell from his horse.  As he pulled back the hammer, a woman shot him in the leg.  He fell to one knee and fired again, striking her in the abdomen.  He now saw how many were after him and the rage gave way to desperation.  Gods above, help me.  
After prepping the hammer again, he aimed at the next rider and fired.  The horse, though, reared its head up at that moment and took the shot between its eyes.  It fell dead, toppling the rider underneath itself and rolling over him.  Mac Modan cursed himself for killing the horse, but the man crushed beneath it was no longer moving.  Another shot hit Sorcha and the poor animal cried out.  He went back to her side and crouched behind her.  He hated to use her for cover, but there was little else he could do and nothing to be done for her.  "I'm so sorry, girl."  Dom cocked the gun and fired, but missed the rider who just went past.  He cocked it again and aimed at the man's back as he pulled the reins to turn around.  He pulled the trigger and the rider fell off the horse as it lurched up.  
Another bullet struck his left shoulder and he groaned in pain.  He slid down the side of the dying horse and looked down at himself.  The second shot was, at least, through-and-through, and blood poured over his chest and through his shirt and jacket.  Without lifting his left hand, he lowered the gun toward it and cocked the hammer.  When he raised it, a bullet struck the horse's side next to his head, spraying blood onto his face.  He wiped it away with his sleeve and then raised the revolver, aiming it at the woman who made a long arc around his position.  As soon as he fired, he holstered the empty gun and the bodach slumped against her horse's neck, holding her side.
Dom looked over the flank of Sorcha back toward Thatcham.  Five more were on approach at different distances because their horses became fatigued more quickly than the first five.  He knew he only had seconds, so he looked back toward where he spilled off Sorcha and spotted his hat.  He scrambled toward it and found the extra revolver, the one he had taken off the attacker in the stable.  When he picked it up, he was relieved to see it was double-action and the first bullets from the next two attackers began to strike the ground near him.
He crawled back toward Sorcha and carefully aimed.  Blood dripped down his left arm and into the dirt.  Dirt, sweat, and the blood of his horse streaked down his face.  He held his breath and squeezed the trigger.  An instant later, a spray of red blew the man's cap off his head and he tumbled backward off his horse.  He pivoted toward the second rider, who saw what had just happened and pulled back on the reins, causing the horse to skid across the soil.  This just made her a more stationary target and he fired again.  The bullet entered her cheek and she collapsed, reclining on the saddle, laying as flat as she could in death.  The horse, confused by the odd pull on its reins, began to trot in a circle.
The other three bodachs were still coming and they were now close to each other, about half a kilometer away.  They're planning among themselves, he thought.  I would.  He scrambled toward the nearest body and took the gun from him.  He checked it and saw there were three rounds still unfired in the cylinder.  He crawled back to Sorcha and watched her chest heaving quickly.  He rubbed her neck and said, "Rest yourself.  It will be done soon sure."
He considered removing his own revolver and reloading it before he heard a distant yelp.  He looked up and saw two of the attackers begin to ride for him hard and moving to the left and right.  Outflanking.  The one that stayed back was still moving, but not as quickly.  That one raised a rifle and began to fire.
He slipped to the ground as close as he could, maintaining a low profile behind Sorcha.  High-powered shells struck the ground and tore into the horse's body, spraying dirt and blood into the air.  He was pinned down and he knew that was their goal.  The other two would come to the rear of his position and begin to fire on him.  It's what he would do.  He had just four bullets left in one revolver and three in the other.  There was little margin for error.  
In between the rifle shots, he heard the thundering hooves of the horses on either side of himself.  When he judged them near enough, he leapt out from his cover and began to run to the rider on his right.  Halfway there, the wound in his leg made itself known and he stumbled.  At that same moment, the flanking riders began to fire, but they missed.  Now on the ground, Dom rolled, aimed up at the nearest one, and shot.  The rider was hit in the arm and fired down at him, striking him in the waist.  Mac Modan fired again and the man fell from his horse.
The other flanking rider had dismounted and was running toward him.  Dom got to his knees and raised his gun, but the rider was too near and had a knife.  She slashed at his right arm, cutting him from below the wrist to his elbow.  He grunted and dropped the gun, but as she made ready to stab him, he reached for her arm, catching her wrist as she brought the blade down.  They were stalemated for only a moment before she kicked him and he fell face down to the ground, onto the revolver.  She leaned over him and drew her knife back again.  Mac Modan, without raising up from the ground, brought the barrel of the gun under his armpit and aimed it toward the sky.  He pulled the trigger and felt the heat of the blast across his chest and arm before the woman collapsed on top of him.
He stayed on the ground.  He was out of breath and in tremendous pain.  His left shoulder burned, his right arm, too.  His hip, his leg.  His head pounded and it hurt to breathe.  He wondered if he had again cracked his ribs, but then he recalled the last bodach with the rifle.  Slowly, he peeked out from under the dead woman's arm and saw the man about thirty meters away, approaching with caution.  He took a few long, pained breaths and then sat up as quickly as he could to aim at him.  The man was startled and Dom's shot struck his arm.  The bodach dropped the rifle and turned the horse around.  Mac Modan tossed the empty revolver and pulled the next one from his waist.  His fingers squished with blood around the grip and he aimed carefully.  He fired and hit the man in his back.  The rider hunched forward and flicked the reins of his horse, driving it hard back toward town.  Dom felt faint and aimed again.  When he squeezed the trigger, he missed, but he didn't care.  He collapsed onto the ground and lay there for a few minutes, staring into the wide blue sky and the sun as it rose toward its zenith.
Get up, you damned fool!
Slowly, he did and he went to Sorcha.  She was dead and he thanked Neptune for it.  He took the blankets from his bags and cut them up slowly because he couldn't manage it quickly.  With the red and brown patterned fabric, he wrapped his right forearm, wrapped his thigh, wrapped his waist, wrapped his left shoulder, and created a sling.  The whole while, he kept an eye on the retreating bodach.  As he tended to his wounds, he did the math in his head.  How long would it take a tired horse to get back to Thatcham?  And then, how long would it take the rest of the bodachs to come after him?
He freed his baggage from Sorcha's body and looked at the now riderless horses around him.  One was wandering off, dragging its dead owner with one foot left in the stirrup.  The one that had belonged to the woman with the knife was nearest and seemed nonplussed by all the action.  It was dapple gray with a tan saddle and no baggage.  He took the reins and whispered to it, "Ease, now.  Easy.  I'll not hurt yourself."  He removed a water bottle from his bags and filled a bowl, holding it before the horse's mouth.  It drank in a rush and he asked, "What's your name now?"  He looked at his gray hair and the small patterns in it.  He was reminded of the haze around his farm in the early morning and he smiled.  "Ceo.  I'll call you Ceo."
Once he put everything on Ceo's saddle and back, he drank the rest of that bottle's water.  He reloaded his own revolver with bullets from his belt and looked back toward the town.  He couldn't spy the last rider along the horizon.  He knew time was likely short so he holstered his weapon, put his foot in the stirrup, and groaned loudly as he hefted himself up into position.  He breathed through gritted teeth as his body rebelled and he faced southeast toward Promethea.  He gave a little kick to the stirrups and Ceo began to trot in that direction and, unwittingly, into the Badlands.

For two days they rode southeast.  The ground became harder and drier, the prairie grass thinned and vanished, the winds became more harsh, and the sun, somehow, seemed hotter.  Seeing nothing on the horizon behind them, Mac Modan camped in the open for there was nowhere else to camp.  Ceo turned out to be rather temperamental and didn't want the feed he had purchased for Sorcha.  "What did the bodachs feed yourself that you don't like good grasses so?"  The horse didn't answer, of course, and it was late on the second day before the beast relented and chomped into the bag.  
Dom's injuries pained him but there was little to be done for it.  On the morning of the third day in the Badlands, he removed the sticky and clotted strips of blanket from himself and cut up another blanket.  Not wanting to leave a trail for others to follow, he bagged the bloodied bandages and brought them with him.  On the third night when it became cool enough to desire a fire because he had no blankets left, he tossed the scraps into the flames.  Ceo stood nearby and huffed.  "I know yourself is thirsty.  I've a thirst as well."
They finished the first water bottle before they truly entered the Badlands.  The second was mostly gone on the third day, but he rationed himself and still had a bit for the fourth.  His third and final water bottle, he saw with dismay, had a bullet hole in it and almost half had leaked out.  He gave a larger portion to Ceo and saved the remainder until he truly couldn't bear it any longer.
The fifth day was spent walking at a languid pace.  Ceo rejected the feedbag again and nibbled at Mac Modan.  Reluctantly, he emptied the last bottle into a bowl and gave it to the horse.  Unsated, the horse harumphed and butted Dom with his long head.  "You've drunk it all!"  As though he understood, Ceo scoffed and began to walk away without his rider.  The rest of the fifth day, Mac Modan held the reins and walked beside the horse.  He looked about as the sun set and saw nothing new.  No hill, not even the slightest rolling slope.  A few sprouts of dead, pale brown grass.  Cracked soil.  The horizon had nothing to it save for the haze caused by heat.  
On the sixth day, they walked again.  Dom tried to mount the horse, but Ceo would dart away as soon as he sensed a boot enter a stirrup.  Mac Modan gave up trying and simply kept walking.  
On the morning of the seventh day, he awoke to find himself alone.  He stood and turned in a circle, hoping to see some dark shape on the horizon, but Ceo was gone from his sight.  The dry ground carried no mark of the horse's passing and he had no way to guess in which direction he had gone.  The saddle was still on the ground by the dead fire, along with his remaining bags.  Weary in the morning sun, Dom looked up to gauge his direction, gathered what he could, and continued southeast.  I'll reach Promethea itself or the road to it sure.  Jupiter above, let it be soon.
His lips were cracked and his feet dragged across the dusty ground.  He stumbled often and he kept his eyes closed for much of his daytime wanderings.  The thought occurred to him that he should perhaps move only at night, but he realized that he had no means to make a shelter from the harsh sunlight with what few bags he had left.
Later, he couldn't recall when he collapsed.  He only knew that he must have.  He thought it may have been on the seventh day, but he had actually made it to the eighth.  At any rate, he would always remember the feeling that coursed through him when, in a half-slumber, he heard an ancient, primordial call above.
The scream broke the silence and Mac Modan opened his eyes.  He saw only the cloudless blue sky at first.  He blinked over and over because he felt a film beneath his lids.  Finally, he saw three dark shapes circling above.  He tried to focus but he knew what they were.
He turned and felt the rough, dry ground against his face.  He tried to raise himself up on his hands and knees, and he finally did, though he only managed to crawl a few meters afterward.  He fell unconscious again, though he didn't know for how long, only to be awakened by a tugging sensation on his leg.
Dom rolled onto his back and saw a figure at his feet, about a meter tall.  The vulture was pale, like ashen gray flesh.  Scales covered its body and the recesses between them were caked with the brown-red flakes of dried blood.  Its torso was skinny and it walked about on black clawed feet.  Its scrawny arms stretched behind itself and its wings appeared to be folded.  Its neck was long and sinewy, holding aloft the thin skull of the reptile and its recessed yellow eyes.  There was a small, pointed crest on its crown and its thin beak extended more than twenty centimeters from the skull, and all the scales of its face and neck were covered in dried blood.  The smell of death from the thing flooded him and his stomach turned.
Its head tilted as it regarded its still-alive prey.  The beak opened and revealed the sharp edges of the front portion that gave way to serrated teeth toward the back.  Its stained tongue flicked inside and it cried out again.  The shriek ached his very bones at such a short distance and Mac Modan summoned what little strength remained and he began to scramble away from the animal.  Startled by the sudden movement, the vulture extended its wings and he was stunned to see the three-meter wingspan, a thin membrane stretched under its arms.  It jumped forward and pecked at his boot and he weakly kicked toward it.
Dom looked above and saw that there were four more circling overhead.  The one on the ground nipped at his calf and he felt the sharpness of its bite through the fabric of his pants.  He reached toward the revolver on his hip and put his thumb on the hammer.  He tried to pull it back, but he simply couldn't.  He then reached for his knife on his left hip.  Holding it on his belly, he tried to crawl backward again.  The vulture hopped toward him and nipped at his holster.  He flicked his fingers and the slight movement attracted the lizard.  It moved closer still and he slashed at it with the blade.
The animal cried out in a harsh, wounded manner.  The membrane of its wing had been cut and it tried to fly away, but couldn't gain any more than a meter or so in altitude before it fell back to the ground.  It lay there, flapping and shrieking, and Mac Modan returned to his stomach and started to crawl.
He passed out again.  He only knew that because he was awakened by the sensation of sharp claws digging into his lower back.  He tried to roll over, but the weight of a vulture made it difficult.  Finally, it hopped off and Dom saw a different animal staring at him curiously.  He heard the cracking of bones nearby and he turned his head to see three other vultures tearing apart the body of their wounded comrade.  The sprays of gore and the sounds might have made him sick were he not so utterly spent.  
The nearest vulture shrieked.  Its body was more gaunt, more lanky than the other.  Bits of rotted black flesh hung in its beak and teeth and its tiny, red-yellow eyes bored holes into him.  He tried to raise his knife-hand again, but he couldn't.  Finally, his head collapsed to the ground and he closed his eyes.
Forgive me, Fina, Rowan, and Kelan.  Myself was too weak.  Grant me entry t' Elysium, Pluto.  May the saints welcome me and may the gods hold me in the palms of their hands.
He felt the weight upon his chest again and the pain of claws on his side.  He heard the hollow clacking of the animal's beak above his face.  Dom didn't want to look, so he squeezed his eyes shut with the last of his energy.  He felt warm blood splatter across his face and chest, and, believing it to be his own, he let go and drifted to sleep.

His dreams were erratic.  He dreamed he was flying or perhaps carried off by a pair of the vultures, one grasping each arm.  Battle raged below him and then around him with riderless horses racing about one another on the ground and somehow firing rifles.  He then believed he was floating on the sea off the coast of Celtae with the nearby bluffs just out of reach.  He began to sink deep below the surface and he panicked.  For some reason, he had forgotten how to swim and he continued to descend.  The feeling of water in his nose and throat was replaced with warm air and the smell of a cooked meal.  He settled into his chair at the table and he was greeted by Fina, bearing a platter of beef, bacon, mutton, and more.  He was starved and he lifted his fork to tear into it, but she continued to stare at him and smile.  
"I've missed yourself so," he said.
She crossed the dining area and sat in his lap, wrapping her arms around his neck.  She smiled and said, "I'm pleased you're awake."
She bent toward him and he put his hand on the back of her head, pulling her closer to him.  He felt her warm, moist lips against his own and he almost wept for he had missed them.  With his other hand on her waist, he pulled her whole body against himself and he felt himself recline with Fina atop him.  His tongue lapped at hers and she withdrew.  He regarded her and expected to see her smile, but instead, he saw only confusion tinged with ire.
"I appreciate your gratitude," she said, "but I would prefer to be repaid with more than your affections."
Her voice wasn't her own.  Mac Modan blinked and blinked and the world blurred.  He wasn't in his home.  This was a darkened cabin of some sort with sunlight streaming in between the planks that formed the walls.  A woman was kneeling over him, but she was younger, in her twenties, and blond.  Shocked, he tried to rear back and scramble away, but the effort was met with immediate pain and fatigue.
"Rest yourself," she said.  "Wounded and weary you are still."  She lifted a small spoon and held it near his face.  "Would you like more water?"
He was panting as much from the pain as his exhaustion.  "Where am I?"
Her head tilted and she said, "We've had this discussion."
"We have?"
"Yes."
She spoke with a Virgan accent and that seemed to only confuse him more.  "Sorry.  Forgive me.  I don't recall."
She put the spoon back in a bowl and folded her hands in her lap.  "You are on what remains of our farm.  She pointed up toward a wrapped, dangling side of meat.  "A curing shed.  My name is Aldy Pritchard."
He licked his lips and found that they were no longer cracked.  "I thought I was dead sure."
"Nearly so.  Since the fire, I keep an eye on the Badlands for vultures to see if I might claim their kill before they do.  I found you."  She grinned, "Took the head off that one vulture standing on your chest with my first shot from nearly a hundred paces.  The others scattered after."
"A hundred?  You should be proud."  He blinked slowly and asked, "Badlands?"
She chuckled.  "That's what you said the last time I told you.  If you intended to kill yourself, your revolver would have been quicker and less painful."
"I'm tryin' t' reach Promethea.  Or the road t' it."
"You were nearly successful.  If you had come another twenty kilometers, you'd have met the road."  His eyes widened.  "You're still in no condition to travel."
He looked down at himself, expecting to see his dirtied and bloodied clothes and bandages, but instead, he saw that he was clothed in only a long night shirt and his bare feet were extended across the floor.  Startled again, he reared away and asked, "You disrobed myself?"
She appeared demure but spoke matter-of-factly, "I did, but I took no liberties.  I cleaned you and tended to your wounds.  Your clothes and boots are still here, though I've washed them and mended them."
Too tired to protest, he simply nodded and said, "Thank you."  He coughed once and looked around.  "How long have I been here?"
"Five days now.  I've been feeding you water slowly.  If I had poured it down your throat, you would have died."  She lifted the spoon of water and he gamely reached toward it.  "Slowly now."
His right arm ached and he noticed that fresh cloths had been applied over the wound.  He held the large spoon for a moment over the bowl and he trembled as he brought it to his lips.  He poured the warm water into his mouth quickly, but he held it there for a moment to savor the sensation.
"I fear I will have to tell my husband about your indiscretion."  She stood and brushed off the front of her dress.  "I will explain, however, that you were still in a stupor."
He thought for a moment and then remembered.  "I kissed you?"
"You did.  There is no sense in denying it."
He tried to sit up but failed when he found his left arm bound in a new sling.  "I humbly apologize.  I was in a stupor, indeed, and I believed yourself to be my wife."
She gave a slight smile and said, "A lucky woman she is, to be sure."
"When you speak to your husband, please assure himself that I harbor no ill intentions and will be on my way as soon as I am fit."
"I will do that.  Rest well, Mr. Mac Modan."  She exited through the rickety door of the shed and he reclined again onto the bed of straw.  He looked up at the hanging meats and took a deep breath.  The saltiness surely would not be healthy for him, but the smell was divine.

When he woke up a few hours later, the sun had shifted positions in the sky and light shone between the slats from the opposite wall.  He managed to sit up more fully and lean in the corner.  The bowl of water and spoon were left for him, so he drank it himself.  He knew he was doing it more quickly than he should have, but he was still painfully thirsty.
Straw was heaped in the corner where he lay and in the one to his right.  A fire pit for smoking the meats was located at the center of the room and there were at least ten long beams across the ceiling where meat could be hung, though only four large pieces were so placed at present.  Against the far wall by the door, he saw the bags he brought with him from the Badlands piled up with his holster and folded clothes on top.  He tried to stand, but the pain in his right thigh was still too great, so he slumped in his corner.
"I have good news," Aldy said as she reentered the shed.  "I spoke to my husband, Morris.  He is pleased that you have recovered, but he was rather upset about your affections."
As she knelt by his side, Dom nodded and said, "I hope you apologized on behalf of myself."
"I did, and I explained the stupor, but," she looked away and then back, speaking in a near whisper, "Morris is easily agitated.  You see, he was in Shropshire for a spell before it was emptied."
Mac Modan's breathing stopped.  "I understand.  And what … why was he so imprisoned?"
"Murder."
He studied her face for a hint of fear or shame and saw none.  "I see."
She nodded and looked away.  "His aggression remains and he still exercises it against both myself and our wife.  Thankfully, he's not yet behaved in that manner toward our daughter."
"Wife?  You have another spouse?"
"Yes.  Eustace.  Our daughter's name is Cecily."  She smiled and lowered her head.  "I birthed her myself, almost four years ago now."
Plural marriage was rare on Celtae but not entirely alien to Domhaghart.  He nodded and said, "Well.  If Morris would like t' speak with me, I would be pleased t' speak with himself, and thank himself for the hospitality that's been shown me."
She nodded.  "I'll ask if he wants to visit, but he may not.  He did, however, offer a potential solution to the problem."
"Problem?"
"Of your affections toward me.  His suggestion was that, once you are sufficiently rested, you bring your wife here and we can all be married together."
Dom was still for a moment as he thought about it.  "And this was a serious suggestion now?"
"It was."
He straightened and grunted again.  "Then I must insist on speaking with your husband."
"Oh."  She looked to the right and stared into the light between the planks of the shed.  "That will not be possible right now, I'm afraid."
"Where is he?"
"In the house."
He nodded and then remembered something she had said earlier.  "You said this is what remained of the farm, and you made mention of a fire."  She became saddened and only nodded.  "The house and this shed were spared?"
"No.  Just the shed."
Dom blinked.  "The house burned?"
"It did."  Aldy almost whimpered, "Killed everyone."
He felt dizzy and his head banged back against the wall.  "Your husband and wife?  Your daughter?"
Pritchard stood and walked in a circle around the shed, around the dangling meats.  She shook her head quickly and violently, inhaling and exhaling loudly.  When she came back around to Dom, she knelt again and he saw her smiling, flushed face.  "I see you drank your water.  Would you like more?  Perhaps a piece of meat?"
He stared at her and felt a swell of pity and fear.  "More water, please.  And I would not mind giving your meats a sampling."
She picked up the bowl and said, "I'll go to the pump."
Once she departed the shed and the door closed behind her, Mac Modan slipped back down to the straw and thought, Jupiter's beard.
He watched her carefully when she came back later and the fact that she had a knife didn't put him at ease.  She reached toward one of the hanging meats, unwrapped the fabric from it, and sliced away a small portion.  She handed it toward him and said, "Eat it slowly."
It was saltier than he would've liked at that moment, but it was flavorful.  Almost too much, his stomach churned as he chewed a few bites.  Finally, after a laborious swallowing, it was finished and he looked up at her waiting face.  "Did you search my bags"?" he asked.  "I had in them other food.  Beans, fruit, and bread."
Her eyebrows raised and she smiled, "I did not look.  I considered it improper."  She walked across the shed and knelt before the bags.  "Which one?"
"The darker leather with the snap."  She drifted her hands across the things and he stopped her, "That's the one."
She removed it and saw the fresh goods purchased in Thatcham.  She beamed and said, "I've had naught but meat since the fire."
"You're welcome to share mine.  I assume I should eat little at the start, lest I make myself ill."
"I agree."  She stood, opened the door, and said, "I'll fetch a pot and water.  We'll all have a feast for dinner!"  Once she was gone, he relaxed and hoped she wasn't going to waste his food by cooking for three dead people, too.

Over the next few days, he ate more and more and regained his strength.  He stood on the second day of his consciousness and managed to take a couple of steps before Aldy came in and stopped him.  In all their conversations, he spoke of Virgo and Celtae and she was fascinated by this as she had never been.  He was sure to avoid mentioning his family for fear of setting her off.  Needless to say, he was eager to rush his recovery so he could be gone from her.
On the morning of his fourth conscious day, he tried to do the tabulation in his head to determine how long he had been on Aries.  He still had to get to Promethea.  He still had to find Lady Gwendolen and speak to her, at least.
He got out of the nightshirt and stood by his pile of possessions.  With great effort, he slid into his shirt and trousers.  After bending over to put his socks on and feeling the pain in his shoulder and hip that that caused, he thought he may need Pritchard's help to get into his boots.
"What are you doing?" she said as she opened the door, blinding Dom with the day's light.
"I needed to get myself dressed.  I'll feel better this way."
"Very well."  She stepped inside and looked at his bags.  "Have you a horse's feed bag?"
"I suppose I do."  He pulled his saddlebags and other satchels around until he saw the canvas.  "Here."  She took it and as she was heading out the door again, he asked, "Why do you need it?"
"To feed the horse."
Not again.  Mac Modan asked, "You have a horse?"
"I do now.  I found him this morning."
He perked up and realized this wasn't part of her delusion.  "Where?" 
"Wandering out of the Badlands."
Excitement flooded him and he asked, "Dapple gray?"
"Well, gray.  I don't know what 'dapple' means."
He groaned and strained to stand, but he smiled.  "I'm coming out with you."
She stepped out of the shed and down the few steps to the dry ground below.  He stood in the entryway, squinting toward the bright outdoors.  After several seconds, he opened his eyes and limped down the three steps.  He was breathing hard and she reached toward his arm as he listed.  "Are you well?"
"I'll be fine."  He looked to his left and saw a soft hill brushed with dried grass and flatness around it and beyond.  To his right, he saw a low brick wall, charred, and with burned beams standing from the foundation still.  Then, he spied a water pump and a horse lapping up water from a basin on the ground.
"Ceo!"  He hobbled across the field toward the animal who paid him no mind.  He brushed the hair on its neck and back and the horse raised up enough to nudge him away with his head before he went back to the water.  "You're thirsty sure.  I take no offense."
"He's yours?"
"I suppose."  He rested his arm on Ceo's flank.  The animal looked up at Aldy's approach and saw the feedbag, so it darted toward her and began to nibble at it.  She laughed and opened it wide so his mouth could get inside, and he chomped at the quality grasses inside immediately.  "Buckle the straps over his neck."
As she did, she said, "Earlier, he was grazing along the fields.  That's when I spotted him."
"Now, he's hungry for the good food."  He rubbed his back again.  "These dry grasses are no good for grazers.  I don't suppose you found my saddle?"
"No."  She stroked Ceo's face while he ate.  "There might be one in the barn."  She nodded in one direction and Dom turned to see what was there.   It was another bit of scorched land.  Charred wood marked the frame of the structure but one corner seemed to be fairly intact.  "I'll have a look later."
"Thank you."  He turned and looked at the old curing shed and that a blanket was stretched against a few branches and leaned against one side.  "What's that now?"
Aldy said, "That's where I've slept since you've been conscious.  When you were so ill, I slept in the shed near you," when his head turned toward her, she continued, "in the other corner, in case you needed aid."
"Thank you."  He faced into the west and said, "The sun will set soon sure.  Let's have ourselves a fire and a nice meal in the open air."
Pritchard faced him and smiled, "I would like that."
"In the morning, Ceo and I will find the road and head for Promethea."
Aldy went blank and looked at the horse again.  "I understand."
Dom noticed, of course, and he said, "I am sorry, Mrs. Pritchard, but I have a dreadful need to get myself there soon."
Quivering, she lowered her head and stared at the ground for a long moment.  As Mac Modan was about to reach out to her, she jerked her head up and bore a wide smile.  "Of course.  We'll have a fine dinner."

In the morning once the first light came through the eastern wall of the curing shed, Dom got up and dressed himself.  He gathered his bags and things and walked toward the post where Ceo had been hitched.  He saw there a tan saddle, intricately carved in places, but scorched on the right side.  He took a rag and tried to clean off some of the excess carbon, but there was little change.
"Time for your departure so soon?"
He turned and saw sleepy-eyed Aldy walking toward him in a plain white night dress.  She held her arms folded over her chest to keep the early chill out and sadness was writ across her face.
"It is, I fear."  He lifted the saddle with a grunt and managed to place it on Ceo's back.  He got on his knees and clambered under him to fasten the belt, leaving him fairly breathless when that simple task was finished.
"Are you certain?"
He stood and tried to conceal his exertions.  "I am.  You said Promethea is about a day's ride south?"
"It is.  Though in your condition or your horse's, it may require two."
He put the baggage around the saddle and strapped what remained of his possessions in place.  He reached into one of them and removed his leather purse.  After he checked the coins inside, he faced her and saw a single tear had run along her cheek.  He restrained himself out of fear for showing such tenderness and how she might react.  "I must thank you, Mrs. Pritchard."
She smiled and said, "It was my pleasure.  I enjoyed your company."
He handed the purse to her and said, "Please accept this."
She opened it and spilled the collection of gold, silver, and bronze coins into her hand.  She gasped, "For me?"
"Absolutely.  I would have died sure were it not for you and your ministrations."
She took a step toward him and stopped herself.  Her eyes welled with tears anew and she asked, "If you will allow it, Mr. Mac Modan, I should like to hug you."  He hesitated for only a moment, but when he nodded, she leapt onto him and wrapped her arms tightly around his neck.  He slumped under the strain and, after a long moment, she tearfully said, "Thank you."
She withdrew and he held her arms as she did.  He saw the smile and tears of joy on her face and he said with as much earnestness as he could muster, "Do take care of yourself.  Use that t' leave and find yourself a new place."
"Thank you," she said, "but I can't leave.  This is my home.  This is my family."  
Almost unconsciously, he glanced to his left at what had been their house.  "If you decide that you cannot remain, that will help yourself."
He turned to Ceo and grabbed the horn and reins.  Carefully, he put his foot in the stirrup and said a brief prayer to himself as he raised up and threw his other leg over the saddle.  Once in place, he felt the sting in his hip but he exhaled through it.  He pulled his hat off the top of his baggage and put it on his head.  As he did, he tipped it toward her and said, "Take care now."
"I will.  Be safe, Mr. Mac Modan."
He slowly rode Ceo alongside the remains of the home.  She saw the brick foundation and a portion of a chimney, charred half-walls, and burned furniture inside.  Once he was in the crop-covered front of the property, he could see the road about a kilometer or two distant over the flat land.  He clapped the stirrups lightly and Ceo began a nice trot.  A few moments later, he looked back at Aldy and saw her waving.  He lifted his hat off his head and waved it, too, while feeling an overwhelming sense of sorrow.

They took it easy on the first day, stopping for a long rest before midday and stopping again before the sun had set.  But he was happy to make camp in the evening because he saw something that he had not seen in a long while: mountains.  They rose up above the distant horizon and they were a faint blue.  There were no snowcaps upon them as he had seen on Virgo and there wasn't a long range of them, but they were there and they promised that the end of his mission was near.
In the morning, they rode again and, within a few hours, he saw the buildings of Promethea.  The town itself was wooden and low to the ground, but taller metal structures were visible in the distance, nearer the mountains.  A wooden fence seemed to encircle the town and a series of arches were spaced evenly across the barrier.  The largest one was straight ahead and he saw people there, waiting.  In the bright light of day, he could only descry the shapes of people in each of the arches around the perimeter and standing near the top of the main gate.  When he got closer, he saw that these people were actually bodies hanging from gibbets in each of those arches.
Dom nearly brought Ceo to a stop until he realized that two of the silhouettes he saw were still alive.  They were on the ground at the main gate, standing beneath a pair of dangling corpses.  He continued his approach and he gently used his right hand to pull the edge of his coat back behind the holster of his revolver.  He could see now that the guards at the gate were attired in the same manner as the police in Thatcham.  They wore green and gray jackets with brown pants, and they carried rifles in their hands and swords and pistols on their waists.
"Halt," one of them cried out while Mac Modan was still a good twenty meters away.
One officer raised his rifle and took aim while the other walked closer.  Domhaghart stared up at the pair of dead men hanging from the wooden arch.  They were beginning to dry and swarms of insects flew all about their heads.
"State your business," the soldier said with a Virgan accent as she stood on his right side with a glancing eye toward his holster.
He heeded the advice from the stranger in Monhaghan and lied.  "I've come a long way with an aim to settle.  Promethea, I figure, is a good place."
She nodded and said, "You aren't a bodach, are you?"
He chuckled and shook his head.  "I am decidedly not.  Bodachs are the ones what got my shoulder and leg shot.  Got my arm sliced.  Got my horse killed."
She looked at Ceo and said, "He appears well."
"Ceo here didn't belong to me.  After my Sorcha was shot, I took this one from one of the bodachs."
"Have a care," she said as she stepped away, "violence of any sort is not tolerated in Promethea.  Bodach or not, you will be treated as the animal you are if you disobey."  She gestured toward the hanging bodies and Mac Modan swept his gaze from the farthest gibbet arch on the right all the way to the left.
"I understand."
"You will find a hotel on the main thoroughfare and other businesses about.  Welcome to Promethea."
Dom tipped the brim of his hat toward her and urged the horse forward.  The guard at the entrance lowered his rifle and he passed through a veil of foul air.  The stench of bodies draped onto the road and under the whirring sounds of a hundred flies.  He pondered how these guards could bear their post until he cleared the gate and emerged into the fresh air again.  More guards were stationed nearby along the fence and they watched his entry carefully.  He nodded toward them and kept ambling forward.  Regardless of who these Virgans were, he knew he was in no state to fight even one of them, so he would remain compliant.
He saw what he believed to be the hotel ahead, but it was something beyond it that caught his attention.  A fluttering flag, yellow and white, with some badge at its center.  He rode past the front of the hotel just so he could see the flag closer.  He found a smaller building with "Constabulary" painted above the door and a pair of flags on either side of it.  There was a plain green banner, long in proportions just like the Virgan blue banner, and the yellow and white checked flag which Mac Modan suddenly recognized.
"Antrim Regulars."  He muttered it out loud and softly.  The shield at the center of the yellow-and-white checkerboard included a red hand between a pair of white castle towers on a field of green.  He had seen it often before, in battle.  Antrim had been a colony of Celtae centuries ago, settled over the eastern sea on the shores of the Virgan mainland.  The people there were largely descendants of Celtans, yet they wore the Redshirts of the king's Army in combat against their cousins.  On Celtae, many thought them traitors and Domhaghart was no stranger to that opinion.
A soldier in a green and gray jacket emerged and looked around the street.  He saw Mac Modan sitting there, on his horse, staring, and the man said, in a Virgan accent, "Good afternoon, stranger.  May I help you?"
Dom shook his head.  "No, sir.  I am well."  
He turned Ceo back to the hotel and paused when they reached the hitching post and water trough.  He sat still and contemplated what meaning, if any, there was in having the Antrim Regulars now serving as a kind of police force in Aries' towns.  He sighed and grabbed the horn of his saddle as he grunted and strained to the ground.  Exhausted, he stretched his legs and winced as his right thigh ached.  He wrapped the reins around the post and Ceo dipped his face toward the water.  
Inside the tavern, Mac Modan walked to the bar slowly, preoccupied still with his thoughts.  He sat on a stool and leaned his right arm against the counter, keeping his left one close to his chest.  A tender came toward him and asked, "What will you have then?"
Finally, a Celtan voice again.  "Whisky."  She pulled a glass out from the counter and he reached with his right hand around to his left pocket.  After straining, he withdrew a leather pouch and she poured the drink.  "Who might I see about getting myself a room?  My horse a stable?"
After she replaced the cork in the bottle she leaned toward the back of the bar and dinged a bell.  A moment later, a young man emerged from a different room and the tender pointed to Dom.  "How can I help yourself now?"
He grinned and said, "I'll be in Promethea for a time and I've need of a room, a stable," he tipped his head toward the door.  "How much will that strain my purse?"
The man said, "Three dram each night, for both yourself and your horse."
"Three dram."  He counted out the coins and said, "That's a fair bit more than other places I've found myself."
"Xenia's is renowned for its hospitality and grandeur.  And space is a premium."
Mac Modan looked around the tavern and saw only one other patron.  "Is it now?"
"It is."  He took the coins and said, "I'll fetch you the book to sign," as he left.
He sipped his whisky and filled out the book almost absentmindedly.  He thought about the taoiseach and how he might reach her.  He wondered again about the Virgan unit that became a local police force.  Finally, he looked up and realized that an hour had passed and the bar was now fairly crowded with customers.
"Another?" the tender said as he pushed away the empty glass.
"I'd best not."  She took it and walked away.  
He left the tavern and entered the lobby of the hotel.  He saw a different clerk behind the desk and said, "Domhaghart Mac Modan.  I've a room bought."
The woman ran her finger down the page.  "Room two.  Just around the corner, behind the stairs."
"And a meal?  May I have a meal sent t' me?"
She picked up a pencil and asked, "What will yourself have?"
"Chef's choice.  I'll not quibble."
"I'll bring it 'round t' you."
"Thank you."  He tipped his hat and turned toward the stairs.  He fell asleep on the bed before his meal came and awakened long enough to eat it.  As soon as he was done, he returned to his slumber.

It was nearly midday the next day before he woke again.  He bathed himself briefly with the small wash basin and dressed before returning to the tavern.  Every step ached and he climbed onto the same stool he had the previous evening.
"What will you have then?" a new bartender said.
"Water, I believe."  Her eyebrows raised and he continued, "And a meal, if you might inquire with the kitchen on my behalf."  When she walked away, he slumped onto the countertop and felt an overwhelming desire to sleep again.  Too much time has passed.  I can't waste more getting myself right, getting myself naught but sleep.
"We've some eggs and such left from the morning if you'd like."
"I would sure.  Thank you."  He thought for a moment and then bent down toward her.  "Pardon me."
She leaned in close.  "Mm?"
Dom spoke softly, "I've heard tales of the taoiseach and I've an interest in finding herself."
She immediately straightened and shook her head.  "Sorry.  I canna help you."  She walked away, wiping a glass with her rag.  
He sighed and said, "When my meal's ready, send it t' room two now."  She nodded, and while Mac Modan steeled himself and grimaced as he stood up from the stool, she went to the other side of the bar and spoke to a woman waiting there.  Immediately, she darted out the doors and into the street.
He stretched his arms and back, hearing his joints as he did.  I may have myself no choice but to sleep.  He yawned, walked through the tavern and back into the hotel proper where he came face to face with a pair of the green-and-gray jacketed police.  That was damned fast.
One of the two asked, "What is your name?"  Another Virgan accent.
"Domhaghart Mac Modan."
"State your business in Promethea."
Should he lie again or should he push ahead and finally get to the truth since these "police" seemed to be a part of it?  "I've a need t' find and speak t' Taoiseach Gwendolen Ash."
"The taoiseach has no need to speak to you."
Dom smirked and said, "Herself has no idea of what I'll say."
The officers looked at each other and one whispered to the other.  He nodded and asked, "Where've you come from?"
"Celtae."  Their eyebrows raised.  "I was deposited in Gaoth by the Virgans a month or so past."  Their shoulders tensed and one put his hand on the side of his revolver's holster.  The clerk at the desk knelt behind it.  "Now," Dom said, "are ye intrigued enough t' take me t' herself?"
"If we take you to the taoiseach," the other officer said, "you'll be in our custody and your goods impounded."
"Very well," Mac Modan nodded.  "My bags are in my room.  See that ye take them all.  My horse is the dapple gray in the hotel stables with the burned saddle.  He's a right bastard at times, so be wary."  He unfastened his gunbelt and handed it over to them.  As one took it, the other reached toward Dom's right arm, who winced.  "If I might make a request of ye?"
"What?"
"I'll not give a fight, so there's no need t' lay hands upon me.  A week or two back, I met with a band of bodachs in the Badlands.  They fared worse than myself, but I've a good number of injuries, of which I am still recovering."  He showed off the bandage on his right arm and gestured to the bandage under his shirt on the left shoulder.
The soldier sighed and said, "Very well.  Come with us."
They departed the hotel with Dom leading the way and both soldiers behind him.  They blew a whistle and two more green-and-gray jacketed soldiers came to the walk.  They whispered instructions and a man went inside to gather his belongings from the room while the woman went around the building to the rear where the stables stood.
The first pair guided him to a cart and they gestured toward it. "Climb aboard."
Mac Modan put his left boot on the metal rung first and prepared to launch himself up with that, however, the bullet wound in his hip protested and he decided to anger his right leg instead.  After a series of grunts and a stumble into the wooden structure, he sat on the small bench there and the soldiers climbed onto the front seats.  One turned and faced him while the other flicked the reins, lurching the cart down the street.  Within a couple of minutes, they left the bulk of Promethea behind and a pair of soldiers on horseback approached, towing Ceo behind them.  Seeing his horse and baggage following, Dom turned to see where they were headed.
The metal structures and frames loomed ahead, but he could see that most of them were old and featured rust stains and wear.  A burnished fence marked the barrier and created a plain path toward warehouses and facilities nestled between a pair of low mountain spurs.  Large holding tanks a few hundred meters to the left stood behind some sort of processing facility that spewed dark gray smoke into the air.  Mac Modan looked at this and wondered before his thoughts were disrupted by the sight of more soldiers along the side of the fence.  He looked again and saw that there were dozens lining the path and the fence posts now rose higher than the fence itself.  Before long he saw why.  Bloodied heads were mounted on the tall posts with the fresher ones passing by now and becoming more rotted and desiccated as they neared the end of the ride.  To a one, their jaws were wide open, revealing the metal post that jutted up through their mouths and displacing the meat of their tongues.  If they still had eyes, they were often rolled up and under what remained of their lids and some eyeballs were looking askew in various directions.  The cart came to a halt and the soldiers leapt off their seats, waving for him to do the same.  Keeping his eye on the nearly exposed skull of the last victim, Dom slowly climbed off the rear of the cart and followed the soldiers.
They led him up a series of steps and into a metal building with corrugated walls.  The halls were dark and sparse and the floor was cold, hard concrete.  One of the soldiers opened a steel door and gestured inside.  "You will wait here.  If the taoiseach grants you an audience, we will come for you."
Mac Modan nodded and walked inside.  A single bulb hung on a wire above the room and glowed harshly on everything below.  The walls were close and metal, and there was only a simple wooden chair in the room.  He turned and faced the soldier as he prepared to leave, and he whispered, "Bukkehorn."
"What?"
"Bukkehorn?"
The soldier squinted, said, "I don't know what that is," and closed the door.
Dom stared at it and thought, I s'ppose only the officers know 'bukkehorn.'
He sat for the first hour on the chair and thought.  He thought about the Virgan accents of these soldiers, contrasted with the uniforms and the Antrim flag.  The green banner he saw in Promethea.  The processing facility he saw, hard at work.  He wished they would bring his bags in here so he could study the files he was given on Lady Gwendolen again, but he knew they wouldn't.
He stood and paced for a while.  He sat again and stood again.  Wind blew over the low mountains and rattled the metal walls, groaning and straining with the force.  The sun's light that appeared in glints through seams in the shoddy building began to fade as it set.  Finally, he removed his jacket and laid it upon the hard floor.  He rested on it, folding the right arm into a kind of pillow for his head and the draping the left arm of the jacket over his eyes to shield him from the light of the bulb.
"Get up.  The taoiseach will see you."
He opened his eyes and threw the sleeve off his face.  He grunted as he sat up and placed his elbow on the seat of the chair.  It took the better part of a minute, but he rose and slipped back into his jacket before he stood at the door, out of breath, and said, "I'm ready."
When he entered the long, dark, metal-and-concrete hallway, he saw at least thirty soldiers in their green and gray jackets and with rifles held over their chests.  Seeing them up close now, he could tell that these were newer Virgan rifles.  He was led through the gauntlet and around several corners before a set of double doors opened.  Inside, he was hit with immediate warmth from a pair of fires that burned near the center of the room and the smells of home, likely from some sort of incense which burned there, too.
The high ceilings with its exposed steel beams were covered by colored swaths of fabric.  The corrugated metal walls were likewise covered with banners and flags, most of which Mac Modan didn't recognize.  He saw additional copies of the long, green banner he had seen in town, as well as a white banner featuring a golden harp, a blue banner with a stylized flower, a white and green banner with a red dragon; flags featuring a silver chain, an ornate knot, a swirling horse, and more.
Lights above shone down on a dais on the opposite side of the room.  There, he saw a squarish, dark wooden throne with green velvet upholstery and golden carvings.  He raised his eyebrows at the sight as a group of soldiers entered, carrying long Virgan sabers at their sides.
A woman in a dark green suit walked onto the stage and said, "Announcing, ri Aries uile, Taoiseach Gwendolen the First."  
She emerged from the center of the dais, from between two of the long, green banners.  Her dress was white and gold and trailed behind her.  Across her chest were several lashes, loose chains and ropes of gold and silver.  She held in her hand an ornate wooden scepter and on her head sat a crown seemingly crafted from some green vine with various types and colors of flowers sprouting from its twists.  Her face was pale but not painted, and her strawberry blond hair draped lightly on the tops of her shoulders.  She stared at and studied her guest with large eyes.
"Kneel!" the announcer said.
"No," Ash interjected.  "This is a man of honor and distinction, riarthóir."
He squinted at her, trying to pin her accent.  Largely Virgan, but she said the Celtan word for "administrator" almost flawlessly.
"I am pleased t' meet yourself, taoiseach."
She nodded.  "Ceannfort Domhaghart Mac Modan.  Celtan Free Army.  Distinguished in battle on many occasions, yet injured and captured before the fall of Iverni."
Dom said, "You are correct, taoiseach, though I've no idea how you've come by this information."
"I have my ways, ceannfort.  You see, I was told of your coming."
His stomach sank and he held his breath.  "Were you now?"
She raised her hand and two people emerged from the side of the dais.  One he recognized as the man he saved at the tavern in Monhaghan.  The other was Aine uí Shea.
"I have two accounts to consider," Gwendolen pointed at the man.  "The first from one of my top advisors.  He says you've come to offer your services to me and that your bravery in Monhaghan spared his life as you took the lives of five bodachs."
Mac Modan nodded.  "It's so."  He glanced at Aine and tried to gauge her thoughts, her motivations.  He saw nothing there but her stern, worn face.
She leaned forward in her throne.  "And these were not the last.  My forces in Thatcham say you dispatched another eleven in your flight from there."
"Eleven?"  He ticked his head.  "I suppose."
"Unscathed were you?"
"For the five, I was, by the grace of the gods.  When the ten of them set upon me in the Badlands, I was not so fortunate.  I have my shoulder, hip, and leg shot.  My arm cut.  My horse killed.  Nine bodachs were themselves killed and the tenth retreated to die later, I gather."
"Yet you crossed the Badlands and survived."  She shook her head and asked breathily, "How was this done?"
"By the grace of the gods again, taoiseach.  And the kindness of a," he hesitated to describe Aldy too accurately, "good woman."
Gwendolen nodded and looked at uí Shea.  "The second account came from a trusted officer.  She knew you on Celtae and said you were an honorable man."
He glanced at Aine and nodded once. He nearly sighed as he said, "I'm obliged."
"Yet she also said that you were sent here by the Virgans with the express purpose of finding me and, possibly, killing me.  The evidence for her account is plain."  The taoiseach snapped her fingers and a soldier brought one of his saddlebags onto the dais.  He removed a handful of wires and electronics.  "A Virgan transmitter."  He dropped them into the bag and then lifted a sheaf of paper.  "Virgan intelligence documents.  So, tell me, ceannfort," she sat back in the chair and raised her chin, "why should I not have you killed and place your head on a post with the rest?"
His heart pounded and he stared at uí Shea.  "If you've heard the account from Aine, then she told you what I said that night when herself held a gun on me.  I confessed my predicament, that I was bound for a prison if I did naught, or that I might have a pardon and spend the rest of my days with my family on Celtae if I succeeded.  Did herself tell you that?"
"She did."
"Did herself speak of the letter from my wife?  The one that invokes her Aunt Maeve t' give myself permission t' continue the fight against the crown?"
"She did.  She said you had not decided which path to take."
"It was true then and as true now, taoiseach."  His shoulders sagged and he thought of home.  "I've felt a longing for Celtae and my wife and children like none in my life.  If my Fina would take myself back as a coward and love me, I might be pleased, but I would always have a regret that I gave up the fight for the isle if there was still a true fight t' be had.  Celtae herself has fallen under the blue banner, so the fight seemed at an end.  But I see the green banner you fly and the symbols you revere.  So I am curious about yourself."
Gwendolen's mouth slowly turned upward.  "I am pleased to hear you say so.  Have you a need to interrogate me before you've made your decision?"
"I do."  He took half-a-step to the side as his hip ached.  "Would you grant myself the leave t' … sit?"
She nodded.  "Yes."  She looked to the side and an attendant soon emerged with a chair.  "Proceed, ceannfort."
He sat and exhaled.  Once he had positioned his legs as comfortably as he may, he looked toward the dais and the regal woman there, sitting on a throne and wearing the garb of a history that was not hers.  "How came a Virgan noble and Royal Army colonel by the title of the Celtan chiefs of old?"
She smiled and said, "Then you wish to know it all?"
"I do."
"I am descended from Morgan the Brave," Dom's eyes widened, "ruler of Gwynedd and bane of the Virgan crown.  This was a truth hidden from me by my father until I was of age and I have long thought on it.  I studied all that I could and the stories are what we all know.  Morgan, Pictus, Urien, and Corbmac united their peoples more than a thousand years ago against the self-crowned king of Virgo, Alcid the Fourth.  In the end, only Corbmac lived and only his people endured."
Mac Modan said, "Save Corbmac, the children of the rebel chieftains were executed."
"They were executed for they would not swear allegiance to the crown.  One of Morgan's sons, Ioan, feared for his neck and complied, later being made a lord.  It is from his traitorous line that I am descended.  I can only hope that my efforts would free my blood of his curse."
"I understand you sure.  But why take up the language and colors of Celtae?  Why not that of Gwynedd, yer birthright?"
She formed her hand into a fist and pounded one on the arm of the throne.  "Because naught of Gwynedd remains.  The peoples the crown defeated were absorbed into the rest and the old ways, the old tongues, were forgotten.  No, they were erased.  What memories we have are but ghosts.  A few words in the Virgan vocabulary.  A tale in storybooks."  She placed the scepter on the arm and stood.  She walked toward one of the banners that hung on the left side of the platform, and, as she stroked it, said, "Celtae endured for more than a thousand years.  Its language, its people, its culture.  It is all that remains of the old world on Virgo, before the kings and queens sought to corral all and then stretch toward the stars."  Dom nodded and she continued, "I was inspired by Celtan history in my youth and their frequent struggles against the crown.  The bravery they showed.  Their desire for independence is something I've felt all my life."  She looked down at Mac Modan and said, "Nobles are constrained by their titles and by commitments made often before they were born.  I was no different.  I was to wed the lord of Corry and I managed to delay it by taking up a commission in the Royal Army.  When the governorship of Aries came before the court, I volunteered myself and my title for it.  The king granted me his favor and so I am here."
"How long after your arrival did you take up the title of taoiseach?"
"A while yet.  When I arrived, I found a people who desired nothing more than independence.  To be left alone.  As a governor, this should have proved a welcome notion.  Citizens who want you to do nothing.  Yet I was beholden still to Virgo.  As I attempted to discharge my duties and secure exports for home, resentment grew, and as more of Virgo's undesirables were placed here, I found myself surrounded by examples of the very people I had admired for so long.  I immersed myself in their culture and history and I knew what had to be done.  Last year, I requested a specific garrison of soldiers.  Descendants from Celtae, people who know their history."
"Antrim Regulars."
"Yes.  Many were like me.  Awash in a history that had been suppressed and they wanted to set it free.  Most listened and they swore to follow me wherever I lead them.  I told them that there is a fight which lies before us.  A fight which will require every body and soul that can be spared.  It is not a fight for revenge, but a fight for justice and freedom."  She stepped off the dais and walked across the floor toward Domhaghart.  He straightened and nearly stood, but she stopped a few meters away.  She spoke in a loud, clear voice, "I am Gwendolen Ash, daughter of Morgan the Brave!  I speak for Pictus, Urien, Corbmac, and all their peoples!  For the forgotten ones and the enslaved ones, the exiled and the reviled, I am taoiseach, leader of all who oppose the crown, and I declare that we will reclaim our homes!  All of us shall walk free on Celtae again!"  His chest swelled and she stepped closer, "Here, on Aries, we will grow and strengthen, and then, we will lash out at the Blue Colony and make ourselves known!  Any in the four systems who desire an end to Imperial Virgo will rally to our side," she stepped closer and lowered her voice, "and the kings and queens shall quake.  Gearr tríothu!"  The others in the hall answered in kind as she extended her hand.  "Ceannfort Mac Modan, will you join me?"
His head swirled and he stood, uneasily.  His heart pounded and he felt an energy that he had not felt in years.  "I will," he said, and clasped her arm.

After a refreshing sleep, he awoke and walked freely about the taoiseach's compound.  He saw line after line of the former Antrim soldiers, now dressed in the green-and-gray jackets of this police force which he learned was called the Laochra, Celtan for "warriors."  He saw the aged buildings that were their barracks, the aid station, the mess, supply warehouses, and more.  He stood in the road facing the mining facilities, staring at the processors in the distance, when someone came up behind him.
"Glad t' see you about."  He turned and beheld the smiling face of Aine uí Shea.
"Glad t' be about."  He shook her hand.  
"When I heard tell of your fights with the bodachs," she lowered her head, "your trip through the Badlands, I felt mighty guilty.  Had I not left you, I would've steered you clear of them all.  I'm sorry."
"I thank you for sayin' so, but I understand you were seeking t' protect herself."
Aine raised her head and smiled again.  "She's a special one.  Reminds me of Ghinearál Regan she does."
"That so?  I see why you followed Regan when you did sure."
They began to walk back to the assembly field between the various buildings.  "She'd raise the Celtan pride in even a Virgan."
"Like her Regulars."
"They've Celtan blood in them.  Heard the stories their whole lives."
He thought back to the fence and asked, "Who are the ones on the posts now?"
"Oh."  She tsked and spat before she continued, "Themselves are the ones what didn't go along with the taoiseach.  They said 'treason' when she spoke against the king.  Officers most."
So maybe the soldiers felt fear more than pride.  "And the ones hanging at the border of Promethea?"
Aine laughed, "Them's bodachs.  Herself's constables have wiped them out 'round here, up to Ballymote and Cumbria and away from Thatcham, too.  Tryin' t' drive them west beyond Monhaghan now."
"Might that push them into the plains?  Away from the towns and t' where people like the Mac Fearghases live?"
"Taoiseach knows and there's a plan."  She clapped Dom's arm and said, "You'll see."
After midday, Ash emerged and greeted soldiers on the field.  Mac Modan watched her and marveled at how enraptured every man and woman appeared to be with her.  No longer wearing a dress but instead a green officer's uniform, she climbed atop the back of a cargo vehicle and looked across the few hundred assembled constables.
"We have with us a new ally in our war against the crown!"  The soldiers cheered and Gwendolen pointed toward Domhaghart.  "Ceannfort Mac Modan!"  As the men and women clapped, she asked, "When you are recovered from your journey through the Badlands, will you help train our soldiers?"
Feeling self-conscious, he looked across the eager eyes and nodded.  "I will."  They cheered and applauded, and he looked back at her.  "Have ye any horses?"  
The taoiseach grinned and said, "We do.  Thinking of raising a cavalry, ceannfort?"
"I am."
"Excellent."
The impromptu rally was interrupted by the sound of a vessel launching from the mining operations nearly a kilometer away.  Mac Modan turned and watched the ship rise vertically and then cruise horizontally across the sky, into the north.  He glanced to the right and saw that Aine was watching it, too.  "Ye have petrol here then?"
"Some, but that's a tylium-powered ship."
Now Dom looked at her closely.  "Ye have tylium?"
"We do."
He looked toward the mountains and said, "It's not mined here."
"It is.  Stockpiling it for the fight 'gainst the Virgo."
Mac Modan looked again at the smoke pouring into the air and he marveled.
In the afternoon, a small crowd of citizens from Promethea gathered at the edge of the taoiseach's compound.  Families lined up and she emerged from a group of Laochra wearing a dress, though less ornate than the one he'd seen before.  She wore her crown and greeted the people who all beamed in her presence.
"You've become taller, young Alexander."
The little boy laughed and took a wooden toy from her hands.  She greeted the boy's parents and gave them a small box.  Dom couldn't see what was inside, so he walked closer.  He heard the mother say, "Bless you, taoiseach.  The Badlands be spreadin' and the farm don't do as it did."
"I know," Gwendolen clasped her hands and looked from the mother to the father.  "If you've a need for more irrigation, let me know.  If you've a need for other work, let me know."
"I'm not one to ask for help, but gods bless you, taoiseach," the man said.
"And you."  The family departed and an elderly couple stepped forward.  She gave them a box and lifted the packages inside.  "These are new rations.  I'm sure these will sit better in your stomachs, Mr. Riordan."
As they thanked her profusely, Mac Modan smiled and walked away.
At night, a few hundred soldiers and the many support staff of the facility gathered in the largest warehouse at the compound.  It was bare concrete and metal all around, save for the dais which was surrounded by banners.  The taoiseach emerged in her white and gold dress, wearing a flowing green cape and her crown of flowers.  The audience stood and cried out, "Fada beo an taoiseach!"
She bowed and answered, "Celtae beo fada."
Mac Modan looked about and marveled at the enthusiasm.  Several of the Laochra seemed near to tears at just being in her presence.  This devotion concerned him and he looked toward the stage.  At seeing her among those banners, he grinned, but something pulled at him.
"When last we spoke," Gwendolen said, "I told you the tale of the Dream of Aegnus.  Today, I will tell you the only surviving tale from the people of Gwynedd.  My people.  This is 'The Castle of Dragons.'"  
For most of the day, he believed it was sorrow at the thought of not returning home to Celtae and seeing Fina, Rowan, and Kelan again.  He realized that wasn't the case; he felt that longing and pain deep in his heart, and he knew if the taoiseach was successful, he'd see them again soon enough.  This was something else.
The lights dimmed and simple images were projected on a bare wall to the left while a small band somewhere out of sight began playing softly.  "Morgan the Brave's great general Vortigern chose a site for their fortress where the people might stand against King Alcid the Fourth, and it was a good site.  The walls were raised in the day, yet come evening, they were cracked.  By the morning, they had fallen and the masons were confounded."
Aldreda Thorne said naught about tylium mining on Aries.  None of the colonies have tylium on themselves.  Mined from asteroids and moons alone it is.  Maybe Virgo wanted to hide that.
"Vortigern consulted sorcerers and mystics.  They blessed and consecrated the ground, day after day, and again, masons tried to build the walls of the fortress.  Morgan and Vortigern grew concerned for they knew that the king would arrive soon."
Tylium be in Promethea … Gwendolen has only been in Promethea a year.  He looked up and watched her as she spoke about building castle towers and failing.  It be a recent thing.  Only just discovered.
"A child in tune with the nature of the world visited Vortigern and said to him, 'The hill you've chosen is a good one, with sight all around, but on it lies a curse for, beneath the soil, there lie two dragons with their claws and fangs at each others' throats, and each day their fight is renewed.'"
Virgo doesn't know.
"The ground was rent and there, beneath the soil, were two great dragons.  One was red and one was white.  For days, the two great beasts fought each other and breathed fire until the white dragon was wounded and flew away in pain."
She requested the Antrim Regulars just last year.  At the same time?  After?  I need to know.
"With the dragons no longer in battle, the red one settled into its pit to slumber, but the armies of Alcid were near and there was no time to raise a fortress.  Morgan, Vortigern, and their people were doomed."
Herself sensed the opportunity.  Tylium, expensive fuel for space vessels, to wage war upon her enemy.  Herself requested that garrison because they could be swayed and she would need them.
"But the red dragon, disturbed by the marching of many soldiers, rose up and turned against the armies of Alcid.  What few were not utterly slain ran in fear and the king would have to gather his forces for years before he might try again."
A doubt still plagued him.  Dom narrowed his eyes and looked at the taoiseach as she spoke.  
"Vortigern thanked the dragon and promised not to disturb its slumber if it allowed him to build a fortress atop it.  The dragon agreed and it was buried under the hill again.  The masons built the walls and towers anew and they were not cracked.  They did not fall.  And so the fortress of Vortigern stood for centuries and the red dragon became our symbol."
She lowered her head and the audience clapped.  When she raised it again, she said, "That is a tale from a people and a home lost to time.  What little we have remains on Virgo, and we will walk there again, free, and soon."  
The audience rose to their feet and began another call-and-response routine with her as Mac Modan continued to think.

In the morning, Domhaghart felt well enough to do what he hadn't in days: ride a horse.  He found the stables quickly and he smiled at the sight of Ceo.
"Rest well?"  He rubbed the horse's head and it huffed.  "Let's ride."
They wandered about the compound slowly and he gave little thought to his navigation.  After a while, he ended up near the mining operations and the processing facilities.  He looked up at the columns of smoke and the newer tanks and warehouses.  He rode to one side of the main building and saw carts of yellow rock being moved inside.  A man, filthy with dirt and sweat, leaned against the side of the building and lit a cigarette.
"Here!" Mac Modan called out.  "Dangerous, in'it?"
The man laughed and coughed.  "Not on this end.  The other side o' the refinery sure."
Dom nodded and rode Ceo a bit closer.  He glanced at the carts rolling into the building and asked, "What else you mine?"
"Used t' be iron mostly.  Some few precious metals."
"Used t'?"
He nodded and dragged on the cigarette.  As he exhaled, he said, "After tylium was found, herself came t' Promethea and said we be minin' tylium only.  The tylium runs in veins through nickel, but we cast the nickel aside."
Mac Modan looked toward the mountain and saw piles of rock alongside an open shaft and a train of mostly empty carts waiting for loads.  "The ship I saw leave here the other day.  Where's it go then?"
"Ballymote or Gaoth likely.  Every two days, there's a shipment bound for traders and such."
"Nickel?"
The man grunted, "Tylium.  We don't process the nickel."
Dom blinked and his eyes glazed over as he thought.  He finally looked up to thank the man, but he had already disappeared inside the refinery.  He rode back toward the compound and met uí Shea on a horse coming at him.
"Glad I found you."
He saw that she was wearing a green officer's uniform.  "Herself got you so?"
Aine laughed and said, "I've worked for the taoiseach some and not for more'an a year.  Herself just named me coirnéal due to my experience."
Mac Modan brought his hand to his head and saluted, "Then you have me outranked."
"Ride with me."  Once he pulled Ceo alongside Colm, she continued, "Recall I said herself's got a plan for the bodachs?"
"I do."
"Now's time t' work on it.  Taoiseach knows of a camp south of the main road, near the north edge of the Badlands, between Monhaghan and Thatcham.  Some eighty or more have themselves a place there."
"So you're riding out t' finish them."
"We.  Come with us, ceannfort."
He smiled.  "I thank you, but I'm still recovering."
"I know.  You'll fly with me so."
"Fly?"
She nodded ahead.  "We're not taking horses."
Dom looked up and saw three Virgan craft in a field.  Laochra were filing into them and hoses were filling their tanks with fuel.  "Leaving now?"
"Why not?"  She scanned him and said, "I see you've got your piece on you."
They rode to the edge of the field and she dismounted, handing Colm's reins to a soldier there.  Slowly, Mac Modan climbed down, too, and did the same.
"Coirnéal, ceannfort," a soldier said, "we have places for you on the lead transport."
Aine started to jog toward the ship and Dom followed behind at a slower pace.  When he entered the hatch at the rear of the wedge-shaped vessel, he saw rows of soldiers strapped into seats along the bulkheads.  They saluted uí Shea and she pointed to Mac Modan.  "This here's the ceannfort.  You follow himself's orders same as mine."
"Yes sir!" they answered.
They walked between the rows toward the front of the compartment.  At the midpoint of craft, Dom saw two large weapons retracted against the ceiling and closed portholes beneath them.  Aine sat behind the pilot and clicked her harness in place.  After watching her, he did the same.
"We're ready, coirnéal," the pilot said.
"Go on."
Everyone jostled in their seats as the craft lifted off and then they were pressed back in them as it sprang northwest into the Badlands.
Aine faced Dom and asked, "So you're plannin' the mission, what would be the strategy?"
"What do we know 'bout the camp?"
"Tents and some shite wooden buildings.  Between a few soft hills."
He thought about it as if he were with his cavalry unit, and then he raised the horses into the air.  "We fly low t' the ground.  When we near it, we rise up and circle themselves.  Shoot from above.  Task one craft t' get any what flee.  Land one craft once all's done t' account for the damage.  One stays up t' survey."
She laughed and punched his leg.  "We've the same brain sure."
The pilot looked over his shoulder and said, "We're half through the Badlands."
"Down t' five hundred now."
The three transports sped over the desolation at half-a-kilometer above the ground.  The navigator used her scope to peer ahead and, after a few minutes, raised her hand.  "I see the camp.  Thirty clicks."
Aine unfastened her harness and stood.  She gripped a handle and called out, "Side guns deploy!"  
The large weapons unfolded from the ceiling and soldiers stood on either side of the portholes.  When they slid open, the craft filled with noise and wind buffeted against everyone.  Soldiers strapped themselves into position, grabbed the handles of the weapons, swung them out from the ship, and readied them for firing.
"Signal the others.  We'll slow and circle 'em."
"Yes, coirnéal."
Aine moved toward the windows, holding on to the edges of consoles and handles as she did.  Dom thought about doing the same before the craft slowed and then banked to the right.  He looked toward uí Shea and yelled over the wind noise, "We sure this is the bodach camp?!"  Before she could answer, they heard the sound of bullets striking the hull.  He simply nodded and stood up.
"Open fire!"
The starboard cannon fired just over two rounds per second as the band of ammunition fed into it from a chest on the deck.  The resulting bangs forced Mac Modan to clap his hands over his ears and lean against the bulkhead. Large casings fell to the floor of the cabin and clattered around as the ship continued its orbit.  
Dom turned to look out the window and he saw dozens of men and women running frantically and seeking cover on the ground.  No wooden door or chest was enough to stop these shells.  Several tried to leap onto their horses but the shots tore through the people and into the animals.  He shook his head and wished they could spare the horses, but it didn't seem likely.
The starboard gun's ammunition finally emptied and the cabin grew somewhat quiet again as its soldier began the process of reloading.  They heard shots from the other cannons on the other craft but they, too, went still.  "They're runnin' about yet," Aine said.  "Tell the others we'll circle left now so the other ones can shoot."
"Yes, coirnéal."
Mac Modan grabbed a handle and braced his foot against the base of the co-pilot's chair as the ship leveled and then banked the other way.  Now the port cannon fired, but its operator seemed more judicious about her shots.  Soon, she wasn't firing at all and uí Shea said, "Tell the others t' hold fire and slow the circle.  Let's just keep our eyes on it."  Dom struggled to get back to his seat and fasten his harness, and as soon as he did, Aine ordered, "Alright.  Let's land ourselves and let the other two circle and keep watch."
The craft straightened and he sighed.  When it crunched on the ground, he looked toward her and asked, "We goin' out?"
"We are."  She smacked his seat and walked between the Laochra who were now standing and prepping their rifles.  "The hatch opens, ye move yerselves out fast and search it all.  These bodach cunts won't let themselves die so easy sure."
"Yes sir!"  
The hatch fell to the ground and the lines of uniformed men and women ran out from the ship.  Both Aine and Dom walked after them and then lifted their arms to shield their eyes from the harsh midday sun.
What had been a camp moments before was now simply devastation.  Buildings lay in piles and tents collapsed with their fabric being whipped at by wind from the nearby Badlands.  The ground all around them had been churned by the assault and the dry soil was moistened by the blood of ninety-three human bodies and twenty-two horses.
"Not a fair fight," Mac Modan said.
"It wasn't."  She spat onto the ground and said, "Frak a bodach.  Themselves not deserving of fair and I'll frak Minerva herself if'n she says they do."
"Coirnéal."  Dom and Aine walked to a sergeant who was standing over a crate.  He pushed aside a piece of wood and the Imperial logo was clearly visible.  "Virgan rifles."
"Good," uí Shea said.  "Take what ye can and put it on the ship so."
As soldiers lifted it up and carried to the transport, Mac Modan asked, "Where did bodachs come by new Virgan hardware like that?"  
Aine shrugged and they kept looking around the camp.  They found another crate of pistols, satchels full of Virgan ration packs, Redshirt uniforms, and more.  She lifted an officer's hat and asked, "What the frak is going on?"
A wooden structure fell open and out from the ground sprang a pair of filthy men with their weapons aimed.  They fired and hit one soldier and pushed another one aside with their shoulders.  Dom and Aine spun around and Mac Modan whipped his revolver from his holster.  He fired all six shots, quickly fanning the hammer with his left hand, and striking the two men four times.  Beside his four, other soldiers opened fire, too, and the pair collapsed in the hail of bullets.  Once it was done and the initial shock wore off, his left shoulder stung with pain and he winced.  After he holstered his weapon, he began to rub it and said, "I've my arm done wrong again."
Aine ignored him and looked toward the pile of wood.  "Look under that there."  
Two soldiers used the barrels of their rifles to pull away wooden panels.  One called out, "It looks like a cellar!"
"Shoot down in there!"  With the hole now laid open, three soldiers fired into the darkness before one slowly descended into it.  After a moment, he climbed out again and shook his head.  uí Shea looked back at Mac Modan and raised her weapon.  "Behind you."
He turned, expecting to see someone standing there, but instead, he saw a woman lying on the ground, slumped against a small stone wall.  She had a pistol in her right hand, but it was wavering and drooping toward the ground.  Dom walked toward her and kicked it away.  
She raised her head and spat blood onto his pants.  "Frak you."
Aine stood behind him and he knelt in front of her.  "Where'd ye come by the Virgan goods?"
She laughed for a moment before it became a cough.  "Taoiseach bitch.  Is this what she does?"
"What do you mean so?"
"She told us Redshirts were in Aughrim."  She coughed and spat blood onto herself.  "We killed 'em.  Now she comes for us?"
When a coughing fit took her, Mac Modan stood and looked at Aine with confusion.  She held a grimace on her face and glared at the bodach until she went still.  With the woman dead, uí Shea slowly walked away from the camp and stared into the Badlands.  Dom kept his distance and watched her.
"Ceannfort," a sergeant said.  "What should we do with the bodies?"
Without taking his eyes off Aine, he said, "Let the vultures have them."
"Yes sir."
He then faced the woman.  "You've the supplies on board now?"
"Loading now, sir."
Dom looked toward a hitching post on the far side of the camp.  Two horses were still tied to it and they were unharmed, but certainly agitated by the action, rearing back and stretching their ropes.  "The horses."
"Sir?"
"Gather up all the horses.  If any ran off, go and get them."
Nervously, she looked around, "Yes sir."
"Will they fit on the ships?"
"Not with us aboard, sir."
"Then we'll leave the soldiers off for this one, take a load back t' Promethea and so on."
"Yes sir."  She didn't leave.
"Get yerself on then."
"Yes sir."  She turned and began conveying the orders to the others.
Mac Modan walked across the camp and came up beside Aine.  He didn't say anything at first in case she had something to say instead.  After a minute, he asked, "Confused?"
"A mite.  Taoiseach told me she knew where the bodach camp be, but …"
He nodded.  "I've a confusion about things, too.  You know the transport that leaves the refinery every couple days?"
"I do."
"Do you know what it transports?"
"Whatever else they mine from the mountains.  Iron or nickel, I 'spect."
He sighed and faced her.  "Next one goes out tomorrow?"  She nodded.  "'fore it leaves, ride with me t' it.  I've something t' show you."

They stood before the sealed transport and its pilot had his arms folded over his chest, blocking the hatch.
"I have my orders."
"We'll not interrupt yer duties.  Once we've a look at what's inside, fly off."  He opened his mouth to speak again, but Aine interrupted him.  "What's yer rank then?"
"Lef-tenant."
She nodded and jabbed a thumb at Mac Modan.  "Ceannfort."  She jabbed it at herself.  "Coirnéal.  That clear enough sure?" 
The younger man stepped aside.  When they reached the hatch and pulled its lever, he said, "I'll have to report this."
"I aim t' speak t' the taoiseach after anyway, so I'll report myself."
The pair entered the hold.  It was full of metal drums, secured in place with thick netting, and uí Shea put her hands on her hips and shook her head immediately.  Dom saw the movement and asked, "What is it?"
"There's tylium in my nose sure."
He nodded and took a step toward the nearest drum.  On top, he saw a standard Virgan warning label.  "'Fire and explosion risk,'" he read.  He gripped the cap and unscrewed it.  After he leaned over and took a whiff, he jerked away quickly and closed it.  "Tylium fuel."
She faced the open hatch and saw the agitated pilot outside.  "Let's go."  They both left the cargo hold and the coirnéal pointed over her shoulder.  "Carry on, pilot."  After several steps, she came to a dead stop and looked to the left.  There stood a new warehouse near the refinery.  She turned toward it and Mac Modan had to hustle to keep up.  There was no guard at the door, so she threw it open and strode inside.  It was cavernous and largely empty.  A dozen or so drums were in the far corner of the space and the wall on her right was lined with many empty ones.
"What's this now?" Domhaghart asked.
"The stockpile."  She grumbled and left the warehouse, bumping into him without uttering an apology.  
When they reached the sides of their horses, she paused.  "What's yer intent?" he asked.
"We speak t' the taoiseach.  You've questions still and now I've some, too."
They rode in silence away from the mining area and back into the compound.  They passed rows of soldiers in a drill field and came to the side of the large warehouse where Ash kept her office and meeting hall.  They entered and found themselves in the cavernous room with banners and flags hung near the dais and throne.  A pair of guards were near the platform so they walked across the long hall and into pools of light.
"Where's herself then?" Aine asked.
The soldier in the green-and-gray jacket with a Virgan saber didn't look away from a point on the far wall.  "In the taoiseach's office, coirnéal."
"Fetch her."  The guard broke his concentration and looked at the older woman.  "Tell herself it's me and we've a matter of import t' discuss."  He hesitated and then left through the door behind him.
The pair wandered across the floor and found themselves standing before the throne.  Dom said, "Let me speak."  She looked at him, curious.  "Myself's the new one.  Yer more trusted."
She scrunched her face.  "I'm more trusted, I should speak now."
Mac Modan couldn't answer before a door behind the flags opened and Gwendolen emerged from a long green banner. "Announcing," the guard began, "ri Aries uile, Taoiseach Gwendolen the First."  Both soldiers bowed before her and she sat in the throne.  She was wearing a green dress with gold and red piping and ropes, as well as her usual crown.
"Greetings, coirnéal, ceannfort," she said.  "How may I aid you?"
Dom stepped forward before Aine could and said, "You've read the report on the bodach attack, taoiseach?"
"I have.  Excellent work, both of you," she nodded toward them and they lowered their heads in response.  uí Shea stepped to one side so she could better see Mac Modan as he spoke.
"There's questions still in my head."  He looked at the guards on either side of the throne and said, "Yer pardon, please, but these questions are of a sensitive nature.  Perhaps it be best t' speak with fewer ears about."
"Very well."  She waved her hands and both guards left the dais, returning to their posts at the midpoints of the hall's walls many meters away.  
He then took a deep breath and asked, "How came the bodachs by all the Virgan supplies?"  Ash nodded but Dom answered the question before she could, "One of themselves lay dying and said the taoiseach gave them word of the Redshirts and where they be found."
Gwendolen smiled and asked, "And you believed this bodach, ceannfort?"
"Pluto's hand was 'round her throat.  She'd no reason t' fib."
The taoiseach said, "She did not.  I passed along information on the Virgan force's whereabouts to the bodachs."
"Might I ask why?"
"When the Virgans send their soldiers after me, I receive word from my man in Gaoth, who directs their attention away from Promethea."
Mac Modan said, "Sheriff Beachain."
Her eyes flashed wide for a second and then she grinned.  "Very good, ceannfort.  Yes, the sheriff told this last detachment that I set myself up in Aughrim.  Once I had confirmation they'd arrived there, their strength, and so on, I passed word to the bodachs, saying they have claim over whatever spoils they may gain, including weapons and coin."
"Begging pardon again, taoiseach," he said, "but why?"
"The Virgans are ever my enemy, ceannfort, as they are yours.  I would not allow the bodachs to enjoy their spoils overlong, however.  It took them several weeks to return to their camp, therefore the mission yesterday."
He looked toward Aine and saw her nodding.  Obviously, the coirnéal saw the strategic logic in this.  "Very well, taoiseach.  Thank you."
"Is that all, ceannfort?"
"Sorry, it is not.  I've questions on the tylium."  
"Be careful, ceannfort," Gwendolen said in a softer voice, "not many know of this and it must remain a secret for as long as possible."
"I understand.  So secret that Virgo themselves don't know, do they?"
"They do not."
"When'd ye find it?"
She looked away for a second as she thought.  "Sixteen months ago.  The Promethea facility was strictly concerned with iron and other metals, but they discovered a new lode beneath the hills, possibly from an asteroid which struck Aries many thousands of years ago."
"And that asteroid carried tylium ore."
"Indeed.  I saw my chance and moved my office from Gaoth to here."
"The garrison from Antrim," Dom said, "when'd you request themselves?"
"Immediately after.  As I said, I saw the opportunity."
He again saw uí Shea nodding and he began to feel a fear.  A sense of loss that he would no longer have an ally should the questioning go sour.
"The Virgan support staff?"
"I chose my people carefully.  Those who wanted to join me came, and that was the greater portion.  Those few who did not remained in Gaoth."
"And of the Redshirts, the same?"
"Largely.  The officers were not as amenable to my change in status, thus their posting along our fence."
He could see the decaying heads clearly in his mind.  "And the rest of the lobsters?"
"The remainder saw the sense in what I wished to accomplish."
Dom nodded and felt bold.  "And the sense in not angering yourself."
Gwendolen narrowed her eyes and shifted in the throne.  "Ceannfort, I am beginning to feel that this is not simply a desire for more information."
"I've been with you for a while now, taoiseach, and I find yer words and deeds inspiring, but I've still a doubt in my head.  Permit me a final interrogation, if you please."
"I see."  She raised her chin and gripped the arms of the throne.  "You still haven't made your decision, despite the charity I've shown you."
He bowed and said, "I am grateful for all you've done, but I s'ppose I've not."
She sighed and shook her head once.  "Very well.  Continue."
"The tylium.  I'd been told it be stockpiled for use in the comin' fight.  I've seen the warehouse and it's nigh bare."
"An army marches with its purse, Mr. Mac Modan," Gwendolen said.  "In order for us to grow, we have to sell our greatest resource.  Once we are in a favorable financial position, we will begin to stockpile in earnest."
Dom nodded.  "And where is the money?"  When she raised her eyebrows, he gestured around himself and said, "Other than the new facilities for tylium processin', I've seen naught of any coin spent 'round here.  The barracks be fallin' apart.  The food is poor.  The stables …"
"Mr. Mac Modan," the taoiseach interrupted, "the money will be spent when it needs to be spent.  Currently, it is growing, thanks to interest, in several local financial institutions."  Before the ceannfort could begin again, she crossed her legs and said, "You believe that I'm accumulating wealth to make up for my lowly station on Virgo, do you not?"
"Why would you think so?"
"I read the Virgan intelligence you carried when you arrived.  I know my family's name and wealth was included.  I know that you understand that I spent all of my family fortune in securing my appointment as governor of Aries."  She leaned forward and appeared angry, "I did so because I desired freedom from the crown.  Here, I knew I would find kindred spirits.  Here, I knew I would find my chance.  The tylium ore was simply divine providence."  Meekly, Mac Modan nodded and she barked, "Is that all?"
He felt failure.  Not since he awoke in the bowels of Iverni Castle months ago and heard of the Celtan Free Army's defeat was he so drained of energy and will.  He recalled the journey to Aries and he glanced at Aine.  She was looking on him with concern and disappointment.  Domhaghart sighed, and raised his head.  When he did, he saw the long, green banners behind the throne and he thought of home.  "A last one.  When will ye walk on Celtae, free of the crown?  When will ye be ready to rise against the king?"
Seemingly disinterested now, as she had already made her mind up about him, she answered offhandedly, "Not in our lifetimes."  uí Shea had been looking at Mac Modan, but she turned now, slowly, to face the taoiseach.  Her wide eyes and parted mouth spoke volumes to Dom.
He said, "On this, I know you speak true.  You've seen the might of their forces, as did I when I was brang here.  The giant ships in space.  The hundreds of planes.  I've seen thousands of Redshirts march toward me on the field and knew there were a hundred thousand more."
"Then you know our effort will take time."
"I know, but," he grinned, "I had a hope.  The way you spoke of it made it seem like we'd feel our toes in the grass again.  It was folly t' think we'd raise up so soon.  That we'd go home.  I wanted to think it."
Aine was staring at the floor in thought and Ash said, "It's not too late, Mr. Mac Modan.  Home, for you, might be brought here."  He looked at her and wondered what she meant.  "I still have friends on Virgo.  Friends who might secure your wife and sons and send them here to Aries."  He held his breath.  His skin tingled with excitement.  "Or kill them."  
Dom's face shook with horror.  His torso shrank and his head drooped.  I've killed my family.  I've killed them all.  His despair was interrupted by a single gunshot.
He leapt back in surprise and looked to see the taoiseach slumped on the throne with the right side of her forehead blown open and the vine-and-flower crown split in two.  Aine was holding her revolver, still aimed at the dead leader, and she carried a scowl on her face.
Across the hard concrete floor, they both heard the footfalls of the two guards as they ran forward with their sabers high.  uí Shea turned and shot one while Mac Modan drew and shot the other.  The flags on the dais parted and more Laochra entered, but these carried guns.  The first two were shocked at the sight of the dead taoiseach and they were easily killed.  The next four that came in came in shooting.  One bullet grazed Aine's leg but the assailants were dispatched.
Out of breath and with adrenaline coursing through them, Dom and uí Shea turned and turned, scanning the banners and doors for movement.  In the lull, he opened the chamber on his revolver and ejected the spent casings.  As he reloaded, he asked, "Why'd you do it so?"
"Her mouth's been full of lies.  Herself's told me often we'd be marchin' to Iverni 'fore long.  Before Robert is dead.  'fore she goes gray."  As she turned, she spat toward the throne.
"I thought you might've on my account."
She grunted and began to reload.  "A taoiseach don't go after the family, but that were secondary."
After a minute, no one else entered.  He said, "How do we get ourselves out of here alive?"
"I fear the riarthóir.  She's a true follower.  The others," she shrugged, "you might be right.  They stayed from fear and will feel relief at her passing."  After a little while longer, she relaxed her stance and stepped up onto the dais.  "Come on."
"Where are we going?"
"Her office."
They stepped over bodies and into the narrow corridor which wound left and right for quite a way.  They finally came to a door and went inside.  The large room felt more welcoming than most at the compound with its plush seats, walls covered with paintings, and more.  Aine ran behind the large desk and reached underneath a counter to the side.  As Dom walked toward her, she rose up and placed an intact wireless transmitter on the top.
His eyes widened and she said, "One of us has a chance t' go home."  She stepped back and pointed at the device.  "Use it."  Mac Modan smiled and turned the box around.  He looked at the knobs and she asked, "Know you the number it needs?"
"I put it in my mind sure on the first day."  He turned the frequency dial to the appropriate mark and turned the crank on the side.  When the light came on, he keyed the microphone and said, "Ardent, Ardent.  This is Domhaghart Mac Modan on Aries."  
He was about to repeat it when the speaker crackled, "We read you, major.  What is your status?"
"The mission is finished.  I'll have myself ready for transport on the road just north of Promethea in one hour."
"And the governor?"
How should I say this …  "I'll have her body with me."
There was a pause before the voice answered, "Understood, major.  One hour."
Mac Modan straightened and looked at uí Shea, who was staring at a painting of Celtae on the wall.  "I feel a fool sure."
"All us who miss home wanted to believe.  Me.  You.  We're no different."
"So many lies."
"She may have meant all she said about Celtae and the peoples the Virgans fought.  She may even have wanted to rise against the crown, for true.  As good as herself's lies felt, would've been suicide sure.  Blinded I was, for a time."
She turned away and looked at the transmitter.  "They'll not execute you for murderin' a royal?"
"I was told t' kill her if all else failed."  He looked around the desk and found a collection of speeches written by her own hand.  He skimmed the first few lines and saw mentions of "rising up," so he folded the pages and stuck them in his jacket.  "Evidence of her treason."
"Let's get her body and a cart."  As they walked toward the door, it flew open and the riarthóir ran inside.  Her eyes were wide and sweat streamed over her face.  
Surprised to see them, she spotted the gun still in Aine's hand and pointed at them, crying, "Traitors!"  The coirnéal responded by raising it and smacking it against her head.
When they neared the door to the hall, they heard commotion on the other side.  Mac Modan and uí Shea shared a look before she opened it and they walked through the curtain of banners.  Inside, they found a crowd of more than a hundred Laochra standing before the dais and staring at the taoiseach's body, still on the throne.
Both of them put their hands on their weapons and walked into the light.  All the audience looked toward them and there were whispers among the people.  They began to ask out loud, "What happened?"
Aine took a deep breath and stepped to the edge of the platform.  "I killed her."  Gasps rippled through the crowd.  "She spoke lies t' all us 'bout goin' home.  She had no plan t' fight the crown, least none anytime 'fore we die o' old age.  'We'll walk on Virgo again.  We'll walk on Celtae again,' says she.  We were never meant t' in her mind.  Herself sold our fuel and put the money in her bank and spent none on us or for the fight."  Many of their heads lowered and she added, "We been bamboozled.  Myself as well.  Fell hard for herself and herself's lies, I did."  She waited for an answer from the crowd but she heard only low speaking.  "The ceannfort here is goin' t' see her body gets home.  Come help us wrap herself up."
A few Laochra climbed onto the stage while Dom pulled a couple of the long, green banners off the wall.  They placed the woman's corpse on them gently and Mac Modan was sure to include the crown before they tightly wrapped her.  The group lifted her up and the audience parted.  Slowly, the procession moved through the meeting hall and outside where even more soldiers and workers had gathered as word spread.
Saying nothing, the bearers placed the body on the back of a cart.  Dom and Aine climbed on top and surveyed the crowd.  Most appeared curious and some in shock.  He watched them carefully, seeing their empty and hopeless eyes, before he whispered, "You be the taoiseach."
"What?"
"You do it."  
"You gone mad, Dom?"
"Not t' fight the crown.  Fight the bodachs.  All the money in herself's banks?  Take the money and spend it on the people.  Use the Laochra to keep the peace 'cross the land."
She remained in her crouch and thought.  Finally, as the crowd grew and the murmurs became louder, she stood again and saw expectant faces.  With a soft voice, she said, "If ye'll have me, I can be yer taoiseach.  We can keep t' fightin' the bodachs.  Keep helpin' the people if they ask."
The crowd went quiet but one man stepped forward with a rifle.  "You killed the taoiseach!"
"I did."
"Why should we follow you?  She's the one what kept us here!"
uí Shea nodded and said, "If ye'd like t' go back t' Virgo, march north with the ceannfort here.  A Virgan ship will be landin' within the hour.  Go back t' Virgo and tell the king how ye took off yer lobster skin and fell in with a traitor.  And won't you go home free sure?"  The man and what few others had been swayed by his anger relented.  "Or ye can stay with me and we'll make Aries better.  Or ye can leave and make a new life for yerself elsewheres.  I don't care."  Some of the soldiers ambled away but the rest remained in position, awaiting orders.
"You'll do fine, Aine."  Mac Modan stepped over the edge of the cart and got into the driver's seat.  
"They'll send a new governor, you know."
Dom nodded.  "He'll be in Gaoth.  You stay here and keep the tylium secret.  Keep making money and doing things your way.  If all's quiet, the governor won't know or mind."
She climbed off the cart and walked around to his side.  "And you?"
He allowed himself to smile a little.  "I'm goin' home.  I'll greet my Fina a coward, but I'll be in her arms."
"Yer no coward, Dom."  She reached up and shook his hand.  "Take care now."
"Do the same."  He flicked the reins and the pair of horses began to ride off.  He stopped them suddenly and said, "I've a favor t' ask."
"Ask it."
"Up the road a day or so, there be a woman.  Aldy Pritchard.  She's her home burned down and her family dead.  She's a bit cracked, but she's kind and saved me from the Badlands.  Try to help her if she'll let you."
"I will."  She waved and Mac Modan rode away from the compound.
In Promethea proper, he stopped and grabbed a bite to eat and a drink.  Afterward, he rode outside of the gates where the few guards there looked at him askance before they recognized him as the ceannfort.  He stopped the cart just outside the town, just beyond the stench of hanging bodachs, and waited.
Ten minutes later, a Virgan craft descended and settled on the road fifty meters away.  The guards chattered among themselves and then quickly hid behind panels in the city's fence.  Dom guided the cart to the ship as a hatch opened and a small ramp extended.  Soon, an officer emerged along with a pair of Redshirts.
"Major Mac Modan, I presume," the dour woman said.
"I am."  She saluted and he halfheartedly returned the gesture.  "Lady Gwendolen's in the cart there."  The officer pointed and the two soldiers ran to the rear of it to lift her body.  "Careful with that now.  She's wrapped in the green banner."  He remembered the joy and pride he felt at seeing it fly.  The flag of Virgo, corrupted for Celtae.  "Those be the symbols of her treason."
"What of her camp?" the officer asked.
"Can't rightly say," he looked back toward Promethea and tried to see the metal buildings on the far side of the town.  "Them what remained fled when herself was killed."
As the Redshirts carried her past, the officer and Dom saw blood seeping through the fabric.  The officer looked at Promethea again and squinted.  In the distance, hanging above the gates and at the arches along the fence, she saw the wasting bodies of dead bodachs.  "What a savage place.  I'm certain you are eager to depart, major."
"I am."  He turned and scanned the wide horizon once more.  Plains and grass, the low mountains, the simple wooden structures of the frontier town.  He smiled at the memory of riding Sorcha across the breadth of the land and, as happy as he was to be leaving, he knew he'd miss it.
"Let us go then."  She walked up the ramp into the transport and Mac Modan followed.  As the hatch closed, he felt an excitement run through him because he knew he was finally going home.
III
UÍ SHEA
Unknown Years Before Activation

"Did you ever speak to him again?"
"I did," Aine said.  "Five years or so after, a package came t' me.  I don't know how he did it nor how much it cost himself, but," she chuckled, "it was a box of letters and pictures from Celtae.  Letters from himself and near 'bout everyone I ever knew.  It was the best gift I ever got."
The other voice asked, "And did you enjoy the remainder of your days on Aries?"
"As best I might.  It felt good t' help folk who'd have it, but most wouldn't ask, of course.  Ran afoul of the governor once or twice, but nothin' we couldn't handle."
"I am intrigued by your resilience.  Better than most, you adapted to defeat."
uí Shea lowered her head.  "I s'ppose I hid it better than most.  Took me more'an twenty years t' accept it."
"Accept what?"
"That the cause was truly lost.  That the kings and queens would always have a hold on Celtae."
"Why do people have such difficulty in letting go of a lost cause, as you put it?"
Aine looked into the blackness and thought.  "When you've invested yer time and thought in something you believe in yer soul is true, and even ordained by the gods, and you've bled for it and worked for it for years, and seen hundreds around you die for it," she shook her head, "you can't turn on a penny and suddenly see you can't win.  That yer thoughts of destiny and 'the gods be on our side' are all wrong.  'specially when the cause is just, and freedom be always just."
"Would it please you to know that the hold of the Virgan and Leonan Empires was nearing their end at your time?"
Her eyebrows raised, "Really now?"
"Yes," the other voice said.  "Within a few generations, rebellions would spark on multiple worlds and the monarchy you despised would lose much of its power."
Aine grinned broadly and showed her teeth.  "Oh, what I'd give t've seen that."

END OF BOOK SEVEN



I
CHU
Unknown Years Before Activation

The teen kept his head down and his hands concealed in the sleeves of his robe.  He saw no faces in the darkness, but he didn't want to draw anyone's attention.
"Tell us your story," a voice said.
Hiero lifted his eyes but not his head.  He saw no one.  He whispered, "Me?"
"Yes."
Startled, he inhaled sharply and sought to back into a corner, but there were no corners to be seen.  "I …" he raised his head a little, "I was eight when I was taken from my home in Yin to meet the emperor of Jomon.  I remember my mother weeping and I remember my father's kind hand on my shoulder.  He told me I would have to live with the emperor."
"Did he explain why?"
"He did, but I didn't understand.  Over time, I learned that the Star Soldiers had forced Jomon and Shan to stop their war.  To secure the treaty, I went to live with the emperor and the emperor's daughter went to live with my family."  He looked down again.  "I saw some of the Star Soldiers at the meeting on the Bridge and I had never seen anything like them before.  Armor of silver and the bluest cloth.  Swords on their hips and rifles and … animals.  I understood why my father feared them."
"Did you hate your time in Jomon?"
He paused, as though he was afraid to speak the truth.  "Yes.  I wanted nothing more than to be home."  He hesitated and added, "I was treated poorly, beaten by the emperor's wife."  
"I sense some joy."
Chu closed his eyes and remembered it.  Nara Castle, on a cliff overlooking the sea, and the courtyard of the third level.  He heard a bird's whistle and opened his eyes.  He found himself there.  The blackness had been replaced with carefully manicured bushes and trees.  A stream flowed under a thin, red wooden bridge and fish swam beneath the surface.  The white walls and black shingles of the castle were far away, a stark barrier to contain such beauty.  Colorful flowers opened toward the blue sky and insects flitted about them.  A bird flapped its wings in its cage and Hiero turned to see it.  He smiled, remembering the little yellow finch.  
"This was the only place I was happy.  I remained here as much as I was able."
"And when you were sent home?"
His smile faded.  "To prepare for my wedding, yes."  The courtyard faded to black.  "I saw how much time had passed and the years that lay upon my mother and father.  It was, in its way, the happiest year of my life, because I was home again and I appreciated every moment.  Yet it was also the saddest year, because I knew, at the end I would be married to the emperor's daughter and I wouldn't be able to return again."
"No part of you looked forward to marriage?"
"No."  Chu lowered his head again.  "I had lived with the emperor's family, so I knew their daughter would be the same."
"But the daughter lived with your family for seven years as a hostage.  Is it not possible that she may have taken on some of your family's qualities?"
"I had that small hope, yet after the wedding, that hope was dashed."
"I sense hatred."
He nodded.  "I hated the emperor and his wife.  I hated their daughter."  Hiero raised his head, "And I hated the Star Soldiers for forcing it all to happen."
II
PAYTONE
820 Years After Colonization

Wind blew over the long grass and the rectangular vessel descended.  Rows of soldiers stood around the field, creating a path toward the castle.  The Virgan ship's thrusters increased pressure and the spacecraft settled lightly onto the ground.  When the door opened, twenty Virgan soldiers filed out.
They wore gleaming metal armor with blue undergarments and chain mail.  They carried long, straight broadswords and daggers on their waists, and they held rifles in their hands.  They formed their own gauntlet alongside the ship's egress, and once they were in place, the brigadier emerged.
Milwyð Paytone wore shining armor as well, but she carried no rifle.  Once her feet were on the ground, she removed her helmet and handed it to the small boy behind her.  He ran into the ship as her second, Major Twyla Blacke, stepped out and surveyed the crowd.
"They do enjoy pageantry," Blacke muttered.
The older woman nodded.  "The emperor must show us he is still strong."
"Which is why we must waste precious tylium to fly here, yes."  Twyla stood by and removed her helmet, holding it under her arm.  "To show that we are stronger than he." 
The Jomon soldiers in their enameled metal armor began to shuffle and form ranks, creating dense rows of warriors from the field to the castle's entrance.  The nearest line of hundreds carried Jomon rifles, while those in lines behind them carried distinctive rounded halberds.  When they finished moving, an old man in gold and black robes emerged from the gate and walked toward them.
In heavily accented Virgan, the messenger said, "Heavenly Emperor Lord Takeos, father of the Hirada Clan, commander of all the warlords and warriors of this land, ruler of Jomon, welcomes you to Nara Omushi and thanks you for answering his summons."
Both the brigadier and major bowed their heads toward the messenger.  "We are honored."
"Come."  The messenger turned and returned along the path.  The Virgans followed.
As they walked, they looked up at the remarkable central tower with its ornate square and diamond shapes, rounded shingles, and engraved beams.  The walls were stark white and the roof shingles were black, but the supports that peeked through were bright red.  From the corners of the castle and along the path flew the tall banner of the imperial clan.  Three wide black diamonds, each split down the center, sat on the field of white.  The banners fluttered in the breeze and Paytone remembered the first time she had seen the flag.
Seven years ago when the Virgans came to Pisces, they found a world at war.  The clans of Jomon were clashing with each other, and the old empress tried and failed to send invasions into neighboring Shan.  The strongest of the rival clans was that of Hirada Takeos, and it was he whom the visitors supported.  At that time, his banner featured three white split diamonds on a field of black.  
"I am glad to have seen them in bloom, here, at the castle," Blacke said.
The brigadier turned her attention away from the flags and looked at the yellow and white flowering trees which lined their path.  "They are lovely."
The wide doors were opened by soldiers and the Virgans walked into the open courtyard before the emperor's porch.  More warriors lined the outer walls of the courtyard and looked down from the second and third levels above.  A breeze came over the wall and blew yellow petals into their path, onto the ornately carved stones that bridged the pond.  The Virgan soldiers remained at the gates, but the pair of officers walked over the rounded bridge and found themselves at the bottom of a series of steps to the porch.  The Virgans bowed toward the seated man, but not at their waists.
Takeos wore armor obviously forged in an attempt by his people to mimic that of the Virgans.  It was shining black plate armor with knots of red and white fabric at the joints.  The symbol of his clan was bound over his abdomen as a kind of scarf.  His long, curved sword was at his waist on his left side and his family's ceremonial dagger was on his right.  He held in his right hand the royal scepter, a staff some twenty centimeters long with a small fan on one end and a paint brush on the other.  His long golden and bronze rifle was always nearby, however, held aloft by his rifleman, behind him and to the right.  The emperor sat on a throne without arms but with a tall, carved back that rose above his head where his long hair was bound into a bun on his crown.
Milwyð spoke loudly and clearly since she wasn't sure how far Hirada had progressed on learning the language since they last met, "We are honored to see you again, heavenly emperor."
He smiled and nodded.  "I thank you for answering my summons.  How do you find Sa'tsu?"
She raised a single eyebrow, surprised that his words were so clear and even better uttered than his messenger.  "Lovely, as is all of Jomon, heavenly emperor."  He smiled and nodded again.  "How might we soldiers of Virgo aid the ruler of Jomon?"
He leaned forward onto his knee.  "There is a foe to the south.  One who does not recognize my rule or the authority of my council."  He extended his left arm to the side, gesturing toward several other finely attired men and women, warlords who had been corralled by the Virgo-backed Hirada years before.  "When the Star Soldiers came to our world, you gave me aid to secure my place as emperor.  And once this castle was ours, we gave you that which you sought, the Stone of Kobol, for we were finished with it."
She concealed her distaste for his haughty tone.  "We were and continue to be grateful."
"I now hope that Virgo will again be generous with their aid."
"I see.  If the heavenly emperor will forgive me," Takeos tipped his head forward a little, "the emperor commands the Nine Clans," she nodded toward the warlords, "as well as the many minor clans.  Surely no foe on Jomon could withstand your collected might."
An advisor harshly but quietly said something in his native tongue, but Hirada stilled him with the scepter.  "They reside in the hills of Eshin.  It is a land they have known for many years, and they use it against any who might invade.  There is saying on Jomon-Mosir, 'Hard homes and hard times form hard people.'  They have known only stone and hunger for an age and their poverty is a mask for their savagery."
So, Paytone thought, they have tried … and failed.  "Tell me more about these people, heavenly emperor, so I might decide how we shall aid you."
Takeos smirked and continued, "They do not believe in the Old Gods.  They are Jodo.  It is a faith of the land, which they see as pure and a part of heaven in this life.  Because of this, they fight to free the land of any who do not believe and those they deem unworthy.  They have declared war on me and the clans," he paused and pointed the scepter down from the porch, "and on you."
"The Virgo?"
"To them, you are outsiders who have dirtied the land and you must be purged."
"And what of their weaponry, heavenly emperor?"
"They have blades, most of which they use for farming.  Yet they also have some rifles, for they have raided my villages and supply trains.  While the forces of Jomon are armored, they are not, but they make up for this deficit with their numbers."
"I see."  Milwyð glanced at Blacke and said, "If I may, heavenly emperor, I wish to speak with my officer for a moment."  Takeos waved the scepter outward and then reclined against the back of the throne.
The brigadier and major stepped away, back to the bridge, and they walked to its center where it was highest above the water.  "So," Twyla whispered, "these Jodo know the hills better than they and they want us to give them an advantage."
"So it seems."  She looked down into the pond at the water plants there and the dark amphibians which swam about.  "I'll not have any more Virgan blood spilled for these fools and their wars."
"Agreed."
Paytone sighed.  "Still, we must aid in some manner."
"I suppose."
"And we cannot allow these Jodo to disrespect us and have it go unanswered in the eyes of the Jomon."
Now the younger officer sighed.  "Agreed."
Behind them, there was a chime.  The Virgans looked toward the porch of the courtyard, behind the array of generals and the emperor.  A century-old glass and metal clock was there and it signaled the new hour.  
Milwyð looked into her eyes and said, "You know what we should do."
"Is there naught else?  They may claim to have gleaned all they might from the Stone of Kobol before they surrendered it, but they clearly have not mastered or recreated all its secrets.  Surely there is a treasure within we might bestow?"
"Their rifles are as sturdy as ours.  Their cannon, too.  And their healers were certainly educated by the Stone."
Blacke nodded.  "They have many of the same powders and elixirs as we.  Surgeons, too."
"They discovered many technologies on their own and we've given them knowledge of the rocks and other things for which they are ready."  Paytone sniffed as she made up her mind.  "Yes.  There's little else to give them, save for flight in the skies and the stars, and neither are gifts I would give."
"I fear it, however."
"And I share your fears, yet I see little recourse.  We have prepared for this day and simply hoped it was further off.  How many are ready?"
The major scowled and thought.  "About four hundred.  Five if we include the ones not yet of fighting age."
"That will be enough."  They turned and approached the emperor's porch again and bowed their heads.  "Heavenly emperor, Virgo stands ready to bestow upon Jomon a marvelous gift."
III
HIRADA
820 Years After Colonization

The emperor and his closest retinue rode upon litters, born on the backs of people taken from the very land they sought to subjugate.  
Eshin rested in the hills above and the fingers of the low mountains had enveloped them for many kilometers.  The mass of Takeos' armies moved straight toward the capital, now out of the dense forest of the foothills and onto the hard ground and grasses of the mountains.
The sun was not yet up but Hirada's spies had already informed him that the Jodo were preparing for their arrival.  Barely a kilometer away from the forest and up the slope, the emperor raised his scepter and then pointed along a ridge before him.  "There."
"Yes, heavenly emperor."  Two generals climbed off their platforms and ran out as men and women swarmed ahead, carrying wood and tools.  By the time the sun came up on Takeos' left, hundreds of five-meter by three-meter panels had been assembled and staked into the ground.  Like individual fences, the panels allowed sufficient space for archers and riflemen to fire between beams and for spearmen to stab.  Most importantly, they would force the Jodo to maneuver around the obstacles, which were placed in a staggered, seemingly haphazard fashion on the hill.
A warlord leaned onto a large pillow to face the emperor.  "Will we have to draw them out, emperor?"
"Our presence will draw them, busho."  Hirada smiled and looked among his thousands of warriors, each with a pennant attached to their backs, flying the colors and symbols of the Hirada Clan.  "These Jodo are animals and they will not abide our presence for long."
They waited for an hour.  Without warning, without a soul in sight, a cloud of arrows was loosed from the trees ahead and they fell into the emperor's ranks.  The obstacles provided some shielding, and many of the soldiers had shields mounted on poles that they were able to raise, but the majority of the infantry were peasants and their armor was typically made of panels of wood or bundles of straw or paper.  For those with metal armor, the arrows were deflected.  Those with shields caught many.  The rest took a large number of direct hits.
The generals and warlords cried out, "Shields!" 
The warriors raised their poles up and turned them so the panels could block more arrows.  Support soldiers from the rear ran forward with spare boards and wood, placing them against the obstacles.  Another volley took flight and very few soldiers were hit.
Hirada nodded.  "Now they will come."  Cries erupted from the trees and at first hundreds, then thousands of peasant swordsmen careened down the slope.  Many carried poles and farming implements.  There were also quite a few who carried weapons claimed from fallen Jomon soldiers.  
"Brace!" a general called out.  The ranks formed up behind the obstacles and another cloud of arrows went into the air from above them.  Once their rain was over, the general yelled, "Archers!  Loose!"
The emperor's soldiers backed away from their cover and launched three volleys quickly.  Most of the Jodo lacked any kind of armor so hundreds fell immediately under the assault.  The trees appeared to be emptying and there were now more than five thousand running toward the lines.  Takeos turned to the messengers behind him and said, "Go."  The two armored soldiers ran back into the woods and away from the mountains in two different directions.
Arrows flew into the oncoming army, and more of their number fell, but now they were too close to the obstacles and the archers took aim on the reinforcements farther up the slope.  Before they reached the panels, the Jodo fired with their own rifles.  Wood splintered and many warriors fell, but the poor enemy did not have enough of the weapons to make a difference.  Then, the bulk of the Jodo crashed into the obstacles.  Soldiers stabbed and jabbed spears and swords through the spaces and the enemy did the same.  Some archers took to firing through the panels and into the Jodo's heads.  They fell, but the enemy kept coming.
"Now, emperor?" a busho asked.
Hirada shook his head.  The forward obstacles were fully engaged and the fight spilled behind them to ones on either side.  Then, as he expected, more Jodo came from the forest to their left and right, attempting to outflank his forces.  Instead, the panels there were turned and the carnage continued.  Seeing his battlements surrounded at all three fronts with thousands of wild-eyed foes and more coming down the hill, he said, "Now."
A warlord rose up on his litter and hefted his sword, "Rifles!"
In the middle of the emperor's ranks, small tendrils of smoke began to rise.  Specialized soldiers then raced into the crush, thrusting their weapons toward the obstacles.  With Jodo all around, targets were plentiful, and the soldiers pulled their triggers.
Hundreds of rifles fired at once, spraying bullets and smoke into the faces of their opponents.  The noise destroyed the clamor of the battle, forcing a silence onto the affair.  The Jodo stumbled away from the panels in shock, deafened and covered with the blood of their comrades.  The soldiers struck again, stabbing and jabbing with spears.  Archers fired and fired and hundreds more Jodo fell in seconds.  They regrouped and surged toward the obstacles and after a few moments of more struggle, the riflemen raised their reloaded weapons again and fired. 
So it went for an hour.  The trees no longer sent Jodo down the slope to fight the emperor who had descended his litter and taken his golden rifle from his aide.  He aimed into the distant crowd of filthy men and women, fired, and then handed the rifle back to his boy so it could be reloaded.  Hundreds continued to press into the panels, standing and sliding atop the bodies of their fallen fighters.  The Jodo riflemen were unable to maintain the reloading pace of their opponents and soon, their guns went quiet.  Still, the numbers of the hill people were overwhelming and the Jomon's panels were breaking.  After yet another collapsed and Jodo overran a squad of archers and riflemen, Takeos nodded and said, "Sound the horns."
Cries went out from the line of command litters and then there was a blast of loud, brassy instruments.  The battle was not daunted and no change came over combatants.  But then, from the forest on either side of the long hill, large animals emerged, armored and with people astride.  
The Jodo had never seen their like and they quailed at the sight.  Many of those in a stupor were cut down by the reeling warriors, and those who survived that were shaken again by the sensation of thundering hooves in the ground beneath their feet.  More than three hundred horses closed in on their numbers, crashing into men and women who fled the alien beasts.  Their riders brought long bladed polearms into the backs and chests of the peasants, the force of their swings multiplied by the speed of their animals, and great sprays of blood arced into the air.  In minutes, Jomon's fledgling cavalry had cleared away almost two thousand attackers.  Before they could hope to recover, however, there came another shock.
Takeos looked up into the mountains and laughed.  He applauded and pointed, "Sosi!  Atagi!  They have done it!"
Kilometers away, deep in the forest of the mountains, several large pillars of smoke rose from the trees.  Horses turned about in the fighting, trampling many, but some among the Jodo looked back and saw what they knew to be Eshin, their home.  They cried out for their family and their faith and then, suddenly, they stopped.  Those with blades turned them onto themselves and those without bared their necks.  The Jomon were happy to oblige.  As the last of the enemy on the long hill was dispatched, horses were brought out from hiding to the litters and Hirada climbed atop his.  The animal thrashed and the emperor was momentarily frightened into stillness.  When it steadied, he regained his confidence and slowly went up the hill with his generals.  Hirada and the rest of his cavalry had only been able to train with their new gifts for a couple of months, but their progress was unmistakable.  Today had proven it.
Hours later as the sun began to set, Takeos rode past the smoldering remains of the walls of Eshin.  The trees above thinned and light from the dwindling day illuminated the ashes below.  Homes, markets, and storehouses were gone.  Hirada guided his horse's hooves around the charred remains of a mother clutching her child and toward the enormous central structure, still aflame.  The Great Temple had collapsed on the eastern side but the fires continued to lap up the face of its tower.  
A woman in armor painted red rode toward the emperor and Hirada laughed.  "Kura!  My old friend."  The warlord Sosi removed her helmet.  "You have done well."
"Thank you, heavenly emperor.  I have set many fires today and there remain many more."
"Good, busho."  He looked again at the flames.  "Rest yourself and your soldiers tonight.  Tomorrow, continue south and destroy them all."
"Yes, emperor."  She bowed and turned away.
Takeos looked around at the city of ashes and spied a row of cavalry in position at the forest's edge.  He rode toward them and looked across the armor of his newest force.  Shining and undaunted by the day's battle.  Colorful and bright.  The horses wore the same colors and strips of armor on their long heads and along their sides.  His mount shook, lurching the emperor to one side.  He grinned as he imagined its weight and speed, barreling over a battlefield toward stunned and frightened foes.
"Be proud, my friends!  Be proud!"
"Yes, emperor!" they answered.
Today, I feel powerful again.
IV
PORTIFOI
820 Years After Colonization

Hammers.  The only sound the royal colonel could hear was the hammering from dozens of soldiers around the clearing.  Frames and walls were being raised, roofs were being laid down, and painting was underway.  Osmon stood by several landed craft and watched his men and women at work.
Major Aalis Nault stood next to him and fanned herself with a thick piece of paper.  "Are we sufficiently concealed?"
"Were it not for the damned hammering, yes," Portifoi said.
She looked toward the nearby jungle.  "Leave it to the Virgo to have such luck as to land among natives who are easily cowed and swayed to their side."
The royal colonel shook his head.  "Damned Sukho.  I'll not build another southern camp, major.  Its perimeter is under your guard."
"I understand, lord colonel."  She stopped her fanning for a moment and asked, softly, "Do you yet harbor a hope that they may be turned?"
"After our four years here?  Save by the point of a sword, no."
"I have scouted locations for another possible shipyard and dock.  The most favorable is an inlet by the ocean some three hundred kilometers south of Pailyn."  Osmon turned to face her.  "It is well forested and sufficiently shielded, I would wager, from prying eyes on the sea or any nearby road."
"Is it connected to the rivers which web this continent?"
"It is."
"Very good.  Once we are established here, we shall journey there and I would see this place for myself."
Aalis nodded and fanned herself again, "Yes, lord colonel."
Above the hammering they heard the low roar of a distant engine.  Soon after, a Leonan transport came to the clearing flying low, just above the trees.  As it settled, Portifoi said, "Our scout returns early."
The officers walked around the other craft until they came to the side of the ship.  Its doors opened and a serjant stood in the opening with a salute.  "Sirs."
"Report."
"A message from our spies among the Jomon."  The young woman handed a scroll to Nault and she quickly unrolled it.  The serjant remained in place in case there were other commands.
"It is from Lieutenant Aubin's outpost on the southern shore of Jomon."
"If you please, major."
Aalis tilted the page away from the glare of the sun.  "'The emperor's forces have engaged in a battle in the mountains of southern Jomon.  Many thousands of soldiers against peasant rebels of the hills.  There were units of the emperor's forces that … were on horseback,'" Osmon's head whipped toward her, "'and they proved very effective.'"
"Horses?" the colonel said.  "Why would they provide the Jomon with such a tactical advantage?  Could the Virgo be so foolish?"
"It would seem so, sir."
"Read on."
"'None of the Virgo appeared present during the battle and the emperor himself participated.  Takeos was utterly victorious.'  That is all there is of the first report.  The second is from a spy who has visited the Virgan encampment at Sa'tsu."
"Excellent."
She read again, "'The Virgans have taken to downing the forest about their camp.  Lumber is stored in great piles for some unknown purpose.  There is a new commander there who has just arrived.  Her name is Irwine.'  That is all."
"Irwine."  Portifoi looked away in thought.  "I know this name."
"The only Irwine I am knowledgeable of is the late Virgan master shipwright."  After she said it, Nault's eyes widened and met the colonel's.  "My gods.  They are preparing to build a navy."
"With the daughter of a master shipwright."  The colonel turned and walked away from the transport.  He ground his heel in the dirt and tightly gripped his hands behind his back.  "We must accelerate our plans, major."
"Yes, lord colonel."
"And I fear this inlet of yours near Pailyn will not be suitable to match the Virgans.  We will need a larger port within striking range of Jomon and Sa'tsu."
"Shall expand our base at Marcis, lord colonel?"
"Yes."  He turned and began to walk back toward her.  "And we will need to dispatch a message to Leo.  We require our own master shipwright."  He bit the inside of his cheek and looked toward the sky.  "And cannon.  They have delayed sending them because they have desperately sought to arm our allies upon Gemini, but we have a desperate need of them now."
"Yes, lord colonel."  There was a pause and Aalis asked, "And what of the horses?"
Portifoi sighed and turned away again.  He tried to think but all he could hear and imagine was hammering.  He removed his hat and held it by his side.  Suddenly, he stopped and looked over his shoulder.  "How many do we have?"
She took a deep breath and thought.  "Enough for our own cavalry units.  We've not yet been supplemented with more."
"Three hundred?"
"A little more than."
He put his wide hat on again and smiled.  "Gather two hundred fifty, and saddles, as well as a healthy supply of food and the like."
Nault raised her eyebrows.  "Sir?"  He didn't respond to her confusion.  "We are … dissolving our cavalry?"
"For now.  We shall requisition replacements from Leo."
"Yes, sir."
"And, if necessary, our outpost on Dangun."
"Will Colonel Sade be amenable to such a thing?"
Osmon huffed, "I outrank him.  I do not care if he is amenable."  He nodded as he considered his plan more and repeated, "Yes, yes.  We will dispatch messengers and requisitions to Leo immediately, you will remain here in command of the construction, and I will go to Marcis, assemble the horses and transports, and attempt to make a new ally."
V
CHU
820 Years After Colonization

A small gong sounded in the corridors of the palace and the crier called out, "The day breaks!  It is the hour of the panther!  The king presides!  Peace to all!"
In the king's bedchamber, he sat on the edge of his mattress with a collection of finely robed and made-up women kneeling before him.  Aigo reached to his right and took the cup of hot tea.  He drank it and found the medicinal herbs to be astringent on his tongue.  He winced and shook his head before placing the empty cup back on that tray.  He then took a cup of water from the next girl, drank some, then swished another gulp in his mouth before spitting it into a bowl held by the third attendant.  Finally, he took a silk cloth from the fourth, wiped his mouth, and put it on her tray.  Without prompting, the young women backed away on their knees before they stood and filed out of the room.
Chu was nearly seventy and he had held the throne for three decades since the death of his mother.  His neck was bent and he struggled to keep it raised.  Arthritis twisted his fingers and made each step painful.  He raised his arms and, from the walls, attendants came with silk robes and dressing.  Soon, he was swathed in golden silk, red wool, and necklaces of ivory and jade.  With a fine comb, his gray hair was pulled to the back and clipped in place.  The final attendant presented the king with a red and gold hat.  Once it was on his head, Aigo sighed and turned to face the door.  A board atop the hat ran perpendicular to the line of his shoulders and tassels of small jewels hung from either end, with one end partially obscuring his face.  The attendants cleared out of the way and the king shuffled toward the entrance.  The door was slid open by some unseen attendant and he entered the central corridor of the Walled Palace.
"Behold!" the crier called out from the far end.  "His holy highness comes!"
From the side corridors, attendants emerged into the main hall and bowed toward him, rotating in their positions as he walked by.  The carpet was red and gold, the beams and ceiling above were the same.  Columns were covered in gold leaf and between them hung illuminated panels of vibrantly colored glass.
The opulence of the Palace and his mother had long disturbed him.  That was why his bedchamber was colored only in dark wooden tones with simple art upon the walls.  It was why his main throne room and audience chamber had the gold leaf removed and the columns were now only dark lacquered, the floor was marble-tiled, and panels of colored silk replaced the resplendent gem-encrusted panels that had been there for more than a century.  His chamberlain and advisors appreciated his frugality, but they recommended keeping some opulence to show the outside world that Shan was still a wealthy nation.
With the long trek through the main hallway over, he passed through a set of doors guarded by a pair of soldiers in the finest armor the Shan military had.  The expanse of the throne room appeared before him and he looked toward the black rafters and watched the morning wind lightly bend the panels of silk.  He took a deep breath and looked through the billowing fabric toward the open walls beyond.  At the center of the wide courtyard, there sat a flying ship.  Star Soldiers?  Why have they come?  The courtyard surrounding it was mostly empty, but soldiers and flowers were lined in rows around the transport toward the brown and black wall and gates at the far end.  
An aide bowed his head and offered his hand.  Chu took it and ascended the few steps toward his comfortable chair.  As soon as he sat and before he exhaled his customary sigh, the royal chamberlain knelt before the throne, his head low and his hands clasped together above it.  "Holy highness!  A visitor has come to Yin and seeks an audience!"
He hated the yelling.  "Who is this visitor?"
"The royal colonel of the Leo Empire!"
"Bring my translators and then see him in."
"Yes, holy highness!"  The blue-robed chamberlain ran away.
Aigo sat taller in his seat and scanned the chamber.  He could see little but the guards at the open walls beyond the waves of silk.  He looked again at the transport, sitting idle more than a hundred meters away outside and down the long steps.  He then stared at the marble floor and the patterns of pale red stone mixed among the white and gray.  He glanced to his left and right as three men and women entered on each side, standing on a level below the thrones.  Their faces were obscured by plain black masks and he knew them to be the translators.  He clapped his hands once and an attendant approached, nearly sweeping the floor with her hair.  "Take this."  He removed his hat and tossed it down the stairs to the young girl.
"Holy highness," the chamberlain began from beneath him on the floor, "why have you done this?"
"I cannot see through these jewels.  If Star Soldiers have come, I must see them clearly."
A crier ran up the outside steps from the courtyard below toward the open walls of the audience chamber.  He stopped at the entrance and yelled, "Behold!  Son of heaven!  Lord of ten thousand years!  Holy highness, Aigo, the king of Shan!"
The young man stepped to the side and a tall man rose into view as he ascended the steps.  He wore shining armor with blue and purple fabric beneath and swathed around his waist.  Leo soldiers were behind him, but they waited at the top of the steps.
The crier ran before the visitor, "Royal Colonel Lord Osmon Portifoi of Leo!"  
After the young man vanished behind a sweeping length of red silk, Portifoi stopped at the first line of gold inlaid on the marble floor.  He bowed his head low for several long seconds and then spoke in Virgan, "Holy highness King Aigo, who was Chu Tais, who will be Aigo Huangdi, I thank you for welcoming me."
The old man smiled and nodded.  He answered in a heavy accent, but in Virgan, too.  "You honor me with my names and I welcome you to Yin."  When the Leonan raised his head, Aigo asked, "Why have you come to the Walled Palace?"
"I have come bearing news and a gift for Shan."
"Very well.  What is this news?"
"Leo's opponents, the Virgo, have given the Jomon … horses.  An animal from the stars, an animal from ancient Kobol, large enough to be ridden by a man, and a formidable beast in war."
The chamber was silent, save for the gentle rustling of the silk panels.  The king stopped breathing and he glanced down to his right and saw the worried, thoughtful stare of the chamberlain.  "When did this occur?"
"We do not know when the gift was made; only that the Jomon used them in battle against rebel peasants in the south ten days ago."
Chu looked toward the floor again and remembered the many years of war against the Jomon, halted only at the behest of the Virgo.  Now they would give such a gift to our old enemy?
The colonel did not wait for a response, "I am certain, holy highness, that the gift of such a thing to your ancient enemies worries you."
"A fair assessment, colonel."
"Then," he looked back at the Leonan soldiers at the top of the steps, "if I may be allowed, King Charlon of Leo would like to bestow a gift of our own to you."
Aigo glanced at the soldiers and nodded his head once.  Shan guards with ceremonial polearms and rifles stepped away from the opening and Osmon nodded at the Leo soldiers there.  One of them turned, looked down toward the transport sitting in the courtyard, and waved.  Shortly after, all those in the throne room heard cries of shock.  Soon, above that, they heard a sound unlike any other.  Rhythmic and alien, the sound of wood, perhaps, pressed down upon stone, and it was coming closer.  Chu realized that these were steps and they became muffled as they rose up the long, carpeted stairs of the palace, and the king knew what the gift was.
A man's helmeted head rose into view first and kept rising.  The palace guards cried out and backed away from the entrance to the chamber.  A great beast with a large, long head and brown hair appeared and the Leo soldier atop the thing ducked as he led it into the room.  The king stood and widened his eyes to take in the sight of the creature as several of his attendants shrieked and knelt.  Some covered their faces or sought refuge behind the long panels of silk.  The Leo rider brought the animal to a stop beside Portifoi, and it shook its head, huffing against some strap of leather in its mouth.
"I apologize for the disturbance, your holy highness," the colonel said, "yet you have now witnessed the awe such creatures may inspire."
"I see," Aigo said, "I see."  He descended two steps but decided to stop there.  The creature was so very large, more than he had imagined.  Larger than even the panthers of the Tangya Forest.
Seeing the king standing before the horse with defiance, the attendants and soldiers of Shan were shamed and they righted themselves quickly, smoothing the folds of their robes or straightening their armor.  
Osmon gestured toward the man on the beast, "This is my lieutenant.  He and a few others shall remain, by your leave, to aid in the training of your forces with these animals."
"You have my leave, colonel and lieutenant."  Both men bowed their heads toward the king.  "Shan thanks you and your king for this gift, yet I have questions."
"Absolutely, holy highness."  The royal colonel stood at attention with his hands behind him.  The horse went still, too, since everyone around her had begun to calm themselves.
"Are the Jomon intending to strike against us with their gifts?"
"Forgive me, holy highness, but we do not know.  For our part, we merely wished to even Shan's chances should war find you again."
Aigo studied the man's face and saw no obvious deception.  After a long moment, the king said, "The peace we share with Jomon was forged by the Virgo themselves.  Do you believe they would risk it, though they and the Jomon benefit from trade with us?"
"Forgive me again, holy highness, but I cannot speak to the Virgo's motives.  I know only that they have given these animals to those who, until recently, called you their enemy.  We Leo desire your friendship, and so I have brought horses to you in order to win your favor."
Chu blinked in surprise at the candor and glanced down at the chamberlain, who was similarly shocked.  "I thank you for speaking plainly, colonel."
"Holy highness, I would rather not have you guess after our motives as you must with the Virgo."
Aigo nodded.  "The Virgo do not visit Yin as much as they have in the past.  They have ever sought my blessing so they might scout the Helan Hills for ores and metals they desire.  Helan is a sacred place for my people and we would have no Star Soldier there."
"I understand, holy highness."
"What then do the Leo desire of Shan in light of this gift?"
"I spoke truly before, holy highness.  Leo seeks your friendship.  I offer this gift in hopes you will consider that and welcome relations between us."
The king adjusted his stance on the step and pain shot through his hip and back.  "I receive your gift in friendship, royal colonel, and I will consider all that you have said today.  Go, and know that we may call on you as friends in the future."
"That is all we desire, holy highness.  Again, with your leave, we will retreat to the courtyard and summon more transports which carry the remainder of your gifts."
"You have it, colonel."  The Leonan bowed his head low again for several long seconds, turned, and strode out of the chamber.  Chu returned to the throne and sat.  He watched as the lieutenant gracefully turned the creature around and marched it out of the chamber, too.  Once its clopping diminished, the king placed his hands on his thighs and thought.  The translators departed, unneeded, and the chamberlain approached the bottom of the stairs.  "Summon the advisors," the king said quietly.
The group of men and women came to the chamber and generals spoke among themselves with all who witnessed the coming of such a beast.  Wearing colored robes and leather caps beaded with precious stones, the ministers and nobles gathered around, gesturing wildly to estimate the horse's size to those who were not present. As another Leonan transport landed within the Walled Palace and started to disgorge the animals, many among the advisors and nobles went to the chamber's entrance to look down the long stairs and watch.  They gasped in awe at the array of their colors and the armor and saddles the horses wore.  
"Chamberlain," Aigo finally said.
The man in blue bowed and clasped his hands above his head.  "Yes, holy highness."
"Prepare a dispatch.  I have a message for Emperor Takeos."
VI
PAYTONE
820 Years After Colonization

After weeks of work, the frame of the first large sailing vessel was complete.
Its curved prow rose above Milwyð's head and she walked to one side.  She scanned its lines along the main deck and the gundeck below.  Beams created catacombs and she could easily imagine cannon barrel jutting from many of them.  
"Have you settled upon a name, brigadier?"
Paytone looked back over her shoulder at the major.  "Yes.  Ælfred, after the crown prince."
"Very good."  Blacke turned and saw the four other frames of ships still under construction.  "Has Master Irwine given you an estimate?"
"Ælfred here should be finished in the next month.  Two others in the months after."
"Very good indeed."  Twyla walked closer to Milwyð and said softly, "I have uncovered disturbing news."
Paytone looked up at her subordinate.  "Yes?"
"You recall the Jodo, the peasant rebels in the south whom Takeos eliminated some weeks ago."
"I do."
"It seems," the major entwined her fingers and leaned onto the dock's railing, "Jodo was not merely the faith of militant rebels in the hills."  The brigadier inhaled sharply.  "Most of the people of Jomon practice some flavor of it, and they were displeased to learn of the destruction of Eshin and its temples."
Milwyð lowered her head and stared into the bay.  "How displeased?"
"Uncertain.  I know only that there have been some grumblings about the camp here.  I inquired after it and learned the truth."
"Damn Takeos.  He told us the bulk of his people worship the Pantheon."
Blacke shrugged.  "Perhaps he spoke true, yet he spoke only of the wealthy and the elite.  It is my understanding that Jodo appeals to the common folk moreso than the bushos and their sort."
"While the clans worship the 'Old Gods,' as he puts it, his people do not.  A great deal makes sense now."
"Indeed, brigadier."  Twyla straightened and looked at crates along the shore.  "Are those anti-personnel rockets?"
"They are.  Master Irwine has insisted on creating positions for them on these vessels, despite my objections."
Blacke tsked, "I have seen them in battle.  They are unpredictable, at best.  To have them on a sea-going vessel with rigging and sails, …"
"This is the argument I made."
"And there was nothing for it?"
"There will be space for them should I change my mind."  She turned away from the Ælfred.  "And I will not."
"Understood."  A young messenger ran onto the planks of the dock with a small, rolled-up paper.  After he presented it to the brigadier, he nodded and ran off.  "What's this then?"
"A report from our man in Nara."  She read and blinked as she tried to understand it.  "'The emperor of Jomon and the king of Shan are traveling to the Bridge for a conference.'"
The major's eyebrows flicked up.  "They are?  Toward what end?"
"Unknown."  She lowered the page, "This is all it states."
Twyla scrunched up her mouth and faced the sea.  After a long moment, she said, "Were it war, we would have been notified sooner that the agreement was being breached."
"And the emperor may well have requested our aid.  I agree.  It is not war."
Blacke looked at Paytone, "They are already at peace.  How much more firm does their peace need to be?"  The brigadier looked slyly at the major.  "You believe they would conspire together?  Against us?"
"It is a possibility.  Now that Jomon has horses, perhaps Takeos believes he can free his land of our presence."
Twyla grunted.  "The emperor is arrogant but he is no fool."  The shorter woman shook her head.  "Still, I am sure you will dispatch spies to attend this conference."
"Naturally."
"And if their peace becomes firmer, is this good for us?"
"So long as they remain true to their words and the agreements we've made, I do not care about the state of their peace."  She raised her head and looked back at the line of nascent ships.  "However, if these people believe they may combine their strength and defeat us, we will show them the error of their ways."
VII
HIRADA
820 Years After Colonization

The Bridge.  The long, narrow isthmus that connected the northern continents of Jomon and Shan had been the site of many battles over the centuries.  Fortifications were erected on the shores and in between.  Towers lined the small hills so that no force could pass unseen.  Near the center, there lay the Sacred Grove.  Forested and still, crawling with mist in the morning and evening.  Stones marking the place of an ancient foundation remained.  On those stones, the rulers and leaders of Shan's and Jomon's armies would meet to negotiate their peace.  Seven years ago, the generals of both nations' forces gathered under the watchful gaze of the Virgo to end the latest war that had raged for nearly thirty years.
Nearer to the southern side, Takeos rode his horse slowly from the shore toward the forest.  He did not know the purpose of this meeting, but he brought his armies with him, just in case.  Ten thousand men and women were arrayed behind him, marching in columns and blocks, each bearing the banners of his Clan.  Their new armor, black and metal, glistening in the early sun.  Helmets with wide fans over the backs of their necks.  Most carried swords, pikes, spears, and rifles.  And there was his unit of cavalry, nearly four hundred strong now, outfitted in armor and carrying both polearms and rifles.  
Hirada smirked, eager to see the expression on the old king's face when his men appeared with these beasts from the Star Soldiers.  
At the edge of the forest, the generals rose up in their stirrups and waved their soldiers to a halt.  As was custom, only three leaders and ten guards were allowed inside.  He looked to his left and right at the bushos who had ridden with him.  The woman in red with a demon face mask and the garish man in gold with a wild tuft of fur leaping out of his helmet.  "Sosi, Atagi," he said, "let us enter."
Without dismounting, the leaders rode their horses between the trees and they were followed by ten other cavalry.  The horses were loud, crunching on sticks as they passed, and the emperor knew that such a sound would only confuse the old man of Shan before he reeled in shock at the sight of such creatures.
Morning mists had only just begun to depart here in the cooler north, and with each press of a horse's hoof, the wisps faded away.  Finally, they came upon the stones that ringed the ancient place.  They guided the animals around the blocks, penetrating deeper into the Grove to reach the center.  When they emerged in the clearing, Takeos immediately spotted Chu standing before one of the large stones, but then he noticed the line of ten Shan guards behind, sitting atop horses of their own.
Hirada suppressed a shiver and he stopped his mount.  The bushos stopped, too, and they looked at each other before finally resting their eyes on the emperor.  His mind reeled and after a few deep breaths, he pushed his horse ahead and came to a stop by his side of the stones.  The king of Shan nodded toward the emperor and then sat by a general whom he knew to be Aigo's eldest son, Timan.  Behind them was the hostage daughter of Takeos.
His heart soared and he slipped his feet out of his stirrups and slid off the saddle.  "Zotike!"
She lifted her head and smiled.  "Father!"
The pair ran to each other and embraced for a long moment at the center of the rocks.  Hirada withdrew his head and held the eighteen-year-old's face in his hands.  "You look well."
"I am well."
Sent to Shan as a guarantee of the peace dictated by the Virgo, they had spent nearly seven years apart.  Takeos had only seen Zotike twice in the interim, and it had been too long since the last.
The emperor inhaled deeply and faced Chu, who was now standing from his place.  "Thank you for bringing Zotike."
The king spoke in Jomon and said, "You are welcome.  My son …"
"He is here.  May I send for him?"
"Please."
Hirada snapped his fingers and one of the cavalrymen bowed and then turned his horse back into the forest.  The emperor then clapped his hand on his daughter's back, pushing her toward her proper position for the meeting.  While Zotike returned to the eastern side of the area, Takeos assumed his position between Sosi and Atagi and sat on one of the large, weathered stones.
He held his shoulders square and his chest extended.  He kept his head high and scanned the line of Shan soldiers beyond the king, seated atop their horses.  Rounded helmets of gold with a single black raven's feather sticking up from the top, and the horses wore something similar.  Red fabric uniforms with metal squares of armor sewn into place, and thus were the horses' flanks draped.  Ropes of gold fabric all around the men and women and even dangling from the horses' saddles and bridles.  On the riders' waists, he saw the traditional Shan longswords and the small, curved daggers.  Takeos saw that their rifles were stowed in leather holsters, which were part of their saddles.  He made a mental note to ask for the same.
"Beyond a reunion with our hostage children," Chu said, "I am certain you are curious as to why I have requested this conference."
"I was."  He glanced at the line of Shan cavalry for a second, "Yet now I see that perhaps you wished to threaten me with your own horses."
Aigo glanced toward the Jomon guards and then looked back at Takeos.  "I knew of your gift from the Star Soldiers.  I wanted you to know that I know."
"And they gave you these?"
"Not the Virgo.  The others.  The Leo."
Now he was more confused.  "So you would court a battle with the Virgo by allying with their sworn enemy?"
"No alliances have been signed.  And this is not a threat."
The generals next to the emperor muttered and Hirada shook his head.  "'All actions taken by a king or their armies are a threat.'  You want to assure us that your lands would not be taken without more blood spilled than we might expect."
To Takeos' surprise, Aigo laughed.  "No.  I have seen these horses in drills with my soldiers.  They are beautiful and they are devastating."
The emperor nearly smiled.  "They are."
"A war waged when both sides had them in their employ?  When their riders are armed with both blade and rifle?"  Chu sighed and shook his head.  "I cannot fathom the pain and destruction."  The old man straightened, "I have asked for this conference so we might secure our peace for all time."
Hirada's eyebrows raised and he looked to the generals on either side of himself.  Both were equally shocked.  "'For all time?'"
"Yes.  A war waged with such noble creatures for foul purpose would be a blight on our souls and a stain on the memory of both our lands.  We are at peace, thanks to the Virgo, so let us affirm that peace ourselves.  Without the Virgo."  Takeos' confusion continued and he looked around, hoping for some inspiration from the stones or the forest bed.  "In the last seven years, have we not enjoyed wealth unlike any occasion in memory?  Trade?  Taxes?"
"We have."
"And so has Shan."  Aigo clasped his hands together, lowered his head, and raised his hands above it, much like the supplicants did in his court.  Timan looked at his father in surprise and the Jomon who recognized the gesture did the same.  "Please, Emperor Takeos, I beg you consider it."
"Father!"
Chu raised his head and saw a boy running toward him between the Jomon riders.  He smiled and stood.  "Hiero!"  They embraced and the fifteen-year-old beamed.  "My child!  My darling boy!"  The king closed his eyes and he felt a tear race over his cheeks.
"I am sorry," Hiero said as he backed away, wiping his eyes.  "I have soiled your robes."
"You could not, dear Hiero."  He whispered, "Please.  Go stand with the Jomon for a while longer."  He bowed and walked back to the stones near where the emperor sat.  
Hirada waited until the king was settled again before he asked, "And how would we affirm this peace?"
Still smiling, Aigo said, "A marriage."
"Of whom?"
"Our children."
Takeos looked toward Zotike, who seemed just as surprised.  He then turned and looked at the face of Hiero, covered in the traditional white makeup of Jomon.  He, too, appeared stunned.  "Our hostages?  Would the Virgo not object?"
"How could they object?  With the joining of our children, Jomon and Shan would be closer than at any time in our history."
The emperor's mind continued to spin and he asked, "When would this be?"
"In one year.  Here, in the Grove."
"One year …" Hirada repeated.
"And," Aigo looked toward his son, "while preparations are made, they may return to their homes so that we may enjoy their company while they are yet our children."
He felt a surge of excitement and looked toward Zotike.  The teen was smiling, too.  "Yes.  I agree."  The two Jomon bushos began to chatter into his ears, but the emperor stood and crossed the space toward the king.  "I agree."
They extended their arms and clasped them together.
VIII
PORTIFOI
821 Years After Colonization

The royal colonel kept his back to the wall, which was made of wood and bundled sticks.  The riflemen to his right rose up to offer another volley and a quarter of them fell with arrows studded across their chests and torsos, despite their chainmail.  
"Damn."
Osmon turned and peered through the crack.  The bank of the Khlong Chrakê, the widest river in eastern Sukho, was nearly one hundred meters away.  The channel was clogged with small enemy ships, called reux in the native tongue.  They were small, dark-wood vessels with flat bottoms, perfect for sailing the many rivers that spread across this continent.  Their single large sails were battened with wooden rods horizontally spanning their width for easy deployment, and they were able to turn in nearly any direction to catch the wind.  The sails were not of uniform color and he spied red, white, green, and mixed fabrics along the river toward the south.  The decks of the reux were choked with dozens of soldiers who loosed arrows into the air, creating clouds of blackness that rained upon the meager walls of this outpost about one hundred kilometers south of the Leo camp at Marcis.  They had some rifles among their soldiers, too, and tufts of smoke emerged from their barrels and balls struck the walls of the fortification.  Porterfoi squinted and despite the early morning light, he believed he saw fires on the decks of the ships.  He wondered about that for a moment until he saw the archers draw their bows with flames at the tips of their arrows.
He lunged away from the wall and into the trench.  "Ready the water!  Fire arrows incoming!  Ready the water!"
As he finished speaking, the first ones struck and embedded themselves in the wooden wall.  Hundreds flew over and struck the mud near the trenches and a few soldiers fell to arrow points, the pain exacerbated by their now-burning uniforms.  One struck the colonel's chestplate and sparks sprayed into his face as it bounced away.
Smoke poured up from the barriers and Osmon went back to his place.  He looked again through the slit and saw that several reux were maintaining their fire while other ships intentionally grounded themselves so their soldiers could leap over the walls of their decks and into the shallow water. 
"Foot soldiers!" he shouted.  "To the south!  Foot soldiers!  Bring forth the rockets!"
While riflemen quickly stood, fired, and sank again and others poured buckets of water over the top of the wall, a group of twenty men and women uncovered a crate and pulled a great sledge forward.  The rectangle moved slowly through the mud and up an earthen ramp.  Arrows continued to fall and a couple of the soldiers at work were hit with the plinking sounds of metal tips glancing off the steel plates of their armor.  The Sukho riflemen were more successful and the noise of their accurate shots deeper.  Wounded Leo soldiers staggered or fell away, leading another to climb from the trench and resume pushing the sledge into position.  Once the launcher was in place, it had to be rotated and there were too few soldiers there.  
Osmon ran out from behind the wall and along the trench toward the side of the launcher.  He slammed into it with his shoulder, causing the large rectangle to spin a bit farther and point more toward the south.  The colonel dropped to the side of the ramp afterward and watched a swarm of fire arrows zip over his head.  A couple stuck into the side of the launcher and he quickly pulled them out.  He turned and looked between wooden supports at the hundreds of Sukho gathered in the muck and river grass, carrying curved swords or long, bladed poles.  They were slogging their way toward the Leonan barricades and were about sixty meters away.  He looked at the front of the launcher and saw that it was aimed in the right direction.  
He reached up and flicked away the two metal catches.  With a scrape, the protective front cover fell off and exposed the points of some twenty-four unguided rockets.  A caporal at the rear of the launcher yelled, "I am ready to prime it, colonel!"
"Do it!"
Portifoi kept his head low and ran from the ramp and down into the muddy trench.  The caporal pulled one heavy cord, white threaded with black.  Once that was done, he grabbed the red cord and pulled it evenly and firmly, as straight out from the rear as he could.  Smoke billowed from the sides and the back panel erupted with sparks.
The rockets leapt out from the front with a great gout of smoke and fire.  One tumbled and wheeled into the air and exploded more than one hundred meters away to the east and near no one.  Another two immediately dove toward the wet ground, exploding in the space between the barricades and the invaders.  The rest, however, did damage.
Eleven rockets with serpentine trails of the exhaust curved and barreled their way toward the advancing Sukho soldiers.  They exploded among the men and women, killing dozens and setting their bodies alight.  Three rockets wound their way high into the air only for them to fall into the thick of the congregated soldiers, killing even more.  Six whipped oddly toward the river where four struck the sides of two different ships and two others tore through three different sails.  As the colonel risked raising his head from the trench to see what had happened, the last rocket, which had not left the launcher, exploded in its tube.  The large rectangle was blown to pieces and Osmon and the soldiers near him were pelted with fiery bits of wood and metal.
After he caught his breath, Portifoi called out, "Riflemen!  Fire!"  The soldiers left the safety of the trenches and the burning walls to rise up and shoot.  The Sukho had been stunned and while many were wounded or killed by the rocket volley, their assault carried on.
The colonel crouched and walked back toward his place on the wall, and as he did, he picked up the rifle and powder kit from a fallen soldier.  Once he prepped the weapon, he wheeled up, placed the rifle on the wooden barrier, aimed through the flames that surrounded the barrel, and fired at the mass of Sukho before him, now only fifty meters away.
He sat back behind the wall and reloaded.  An odd peace came over him as he did the mechanical work of placing a cartridge of powder and a bullet down the barrel, a cap in the pan, and so on.  He stood again and fired through the flames which obscured even his view of the reux in the river.  Intermittently, he saw that the enemy was now only thirty meters away.
Osmon loaded again and the soldiers near him did as he did.  Quietly and methodically firing and reloading, saying nothing, betraying no emotion.  If this be the end, he thought, then I shall journey to Elysium knowing I have fought to the last.
The crackling of the flames behind his head was only interrupted by the sound of rifles on either side and the falling of arrows all around him.  Then, as he was ready to stand and shoot again, he heard and felt a much deeper blast.  He held his breath and heard a strike against a vessel's wooden hull.  A cheer went up from the Leonans and he rose again. 
From the north came four great Leonan sailing galleys.  Long vessels with twenty oars on each side and two masts on the main deck with triangular sails billowing from the wind at their backs.  The four ships were a warm brown with red and purple painted highlights and, to the colonel's delight, he saw a line of cannon on their decks.  The ship at the fore began a turn and six cannon were now aimed at the fleet of small reux some four hundred meters upstream.  Smoke blasted over the river and two Sukho ships seemed to disappear into splinters.  The archers on their decks stopped loosing fire arrows and fell into the deep water of the river.  Wood sprayed like confetti because the soft timber of these river ships could not withstand the power of their cannon.  Their masts fell and the vessels died, breaking apart in the current and creating a mass of debris.  The second and third Leonan ships also turned and broadsided more enemy vessels.  When they were likewise obliterated, the Sukho soldiers, still shin-deep in muck, sand, and grass, paused, wondering what they should do.  
Portifoi responded with fire.  Standing at the center of the highest barricade, wreathed in flame, the colonel aimed carefully at the native who looked most like a commander.  A woman several meters behind the front line, she bore a tall hat and her bright red shirt seemed to have gold or metal highlights.  He squeezed the trigger.  The hat fell from her head and she collapsed on the bank.
The Leonans stopped their revelry long enough to resume shooting, too.  Dozens more of the Sukho fell and finally, many turned back and ran toward their ships as quickly as they might.  The barrage of four Leonan ships came again and again and each time, more of the smaller vessels were sunk.  When the river became a mass of smoldering wood and rigging, the galleys turned their cannon on the retreating soldiers and soon they were gone.  Some ran for the forest and tried their best to head south.  The rest lay dead or dying, mired among smoldering craters.
An hour later, the barricades were smoking because their fires had been properly doused.  Leonan soldiers walked among the muddy dead, dispatching any who might still breathe.  The clog of destroyed reux in the river became an island for the southern crocodile, the inspiration for this river's name.  Giant brown and orange mottled reptiles grabbed the bodies of Sukho soldiers and sailors in their jaws and spun.  Some of their foe tried to remain concealed in the taller grasses, hidden successfully from the Lions but not from the predators in whose home they strayed.  The colonel stood on the charred remnant of his barrier and watched the ruthless animals at work.  They basked in the sun until they spied something below them, and then they would dive.  Water and blood sprayed into the air and the river was reddened for as far as he could see.
"Lord Portifoi," Nault said as she gingerly stepped on the muddied planks above the trenches.  
He loosened the straps on his chestplate, letting it dangle from his torso until it finally fell to the ground below.  "Major.  Never have I been so pleased at your coming."
"I am glad to have arrived when I did."  She stopped and stared at the barricade.  She reached toward it and blackened her fingers with soot.  "Truly."  With a careful boot placed in a viewing hole in the barrier, she climbed up to the wall and stood next to her commander.  "I suppose it's just as well that we lack a cavalry at the moment.  They would not have survived this."  The colonel did not respond.  "Any prisoners?"
"I've ordered none be taken.  Our soldiers and the wildlife are disposing of any who remain.  I wish for a message to be sent with the loss of these thousands."
Aalis said nothing and looked behind them toward the trenches.  She saw nearly two hundred bodies of Leo soldiers, each under a single white sheet, lining the filthy walls of the troughs and the burned barricades.  Seeking a change of conversation, she reached into her jacket and produced a paper scroll.  "You spoke of a message, lord colonel."
"Hm?"
She handed it to him.  "This arrived in Marcis some days past.  I will be curious as to your reaction."
He unrolled it and read.  He squinted and studied the lines several times before he spoke.  "Is this a … wedding invitation?"
"It appears so."  He lowered his hands and looked absentmindedly toward the crocodiles again while she asked, "Do you believe the Virgans will attend?"
Osmon nodded.  "I do.  Therefore, we must."
IX
CHU
821 Years After Colonization

Spring.  The trees and plants of the Grove were green and in bloom.  The large stones of the ancient foundation were decorated, draped with vines and flowers.  From the east, an intricately woven red and gold length of carpet ran among the trees to the center.  From the west, a red, black, and white carpet did the same.  An orchestra made up of both Jomon and Shan musicians and instruments played in concert, situated several meters away from the ring of stones.  
King Aigo, wearing gold robes of silk detailed with metallic red thread and wearing a golden hat with jewels hanging before his face, spoke with Emperor Takeos, who wore a formal Jomon skirt but with black armor and his swords at his waist, as well as the traditional lacquered black cap with an upright and wavy pennon.  They stood at the center and discussed their children.
"Zotike," Hirada said, "speaks highly of your family and staff."  He lowered his head a little.  "I thank you for your hospitality."
Having heard the stories from Hiero, Shan's king knew he could not say the same.  "And I thank you for yours.  My son speaks often about his time in Nara and his love of your castle's courtyards."
"Yes.  He spent many hours there, communing with nature."
A Shan attendant approached and bowed before the rulers, clasping his hands above his lowered head.  "Highnesses, Star Soldiers have come."
From north of the Grove's center, they saw glints of silver among the tree trunks.  Takeos and Aigo both turned to face the visitors.  Brigadier Milwyð Paytone emerged in her finest armor and wearing a flowing bright blue dress beneath it.  She wore no helmet and carried no sword, but two Virgan guards flanked her and they were fully armed.
She lowered her head toward each of the rulers.  "Heavenly emperor, holy highness, it is my pleasure to see you both, in peace, on such a joyous day."
As she raised up, Hirada spoke first, "Brigadier.  You honor us with your presence."
"Indeed," Chu said.  "This joining is a continuation of the peace you brought to our lands a few short years ago."
Paytone smiled, "I am pleased to have had a positive impact.  I hope this is but a beginning of the joy the Jomon and Shan will experience."
The emperor looked behind him toward the line of servants, kneeling in the leaves and awaiting a command.  "Tuki."  Two ran into the forest toward the Jomon encampment and returned within a minute with a tray.  Three small bowls were arranged on it and Takeos picked up the ceramic bottle.  "Let us drink to the joy of our lands."
Aigo smiled but he dreaded the taste of the rice alcohol seishu.  He greatly preferred Shan's own sorghum-based drink, baijiu, which would be served at the dinner later.  Still, he lifted the bowl from the tray, and at the prompting of the emperor, he downed it, trying to keep the liquid off his tongue as much as possible.  It quickly went down his throat and he felt its burn.  He winced only a little, but he was able to quickly smile and nod toward his counterpart.
As the Jomon servant took away the drinks tray, another Shan messenger came to them and performed the ritual bow.  "Highnesses, Star Soldiers have come."
Takeos laughed.  "Fool.  She is standing before you!"
The young woman looked up briefly and bowed toward the Virgan.  "Apologies, highnesses.  More Star Soldiers have come."
Aigo saw the confusion on the faces of both the emperor and the brigadier.  "I invited them."  Milwyð's went blank and Hirada still seemed confused.
From the trees in the north, they saw a man emerge.  He wore a bright purple jacket with a tuft of white ruffles exploding from his collar.  On his head, he wore a soft cap with purple flowers.  Clapping against the tan pants and black boots he wore was the scabbard of his longsword.  Behind him were two armored Leonan soldiers.
He approached the center of the circle of stones, removed his cap, and bowed.  "Heavenly emperor, holy highness, brigadier."  He replaced the cap and straightened.  "Royal Colonel Osmon Portifoi at your service and to pay the respects of King Charlon and the people of Leo."
Paytone looked away in disgust and Takeos was still processing what this all meant.  Chu, however, bowed his head toward the man and said, "I thank you for joining us on this day."
"As do I."  Hirada gripped his belt between the handles of his blades, "Though we have had no dealings with your people, I am honored by your coming."
Osmon tipped his head again briefly. "In the south, there is a saying, 'There is no other happiness than peace.'  It is my hope that Shan and Jomon may enjoy both for many years after this day."
As the rulers bowed their heads toward him again, Milwyð turned and asked, "You appear to have come without your second."
"She is at our camp in Sukho."  The colonel smiled and played at looking around, "And yours?"
"She is at our camp, as well."
"That is wise."
"I thought so."
The emperor and king watched the pair of offworlders speak quickly and in snipped words.
"How do you find Marcis?" She asked while Osmon chuckled.  "And your fleet?"
"Both are well, brigadier.  Thank you for inquiring.  And your people?  Your fleet?  Shipmaster Irwine?  I am certain Sa'tsu is lovely this time of the year."
"It is."
Aigo raised his arms to still the conversation as Portifoi nodded and said, "Bon."
"My friends," Chu said, "let us adjourn to our respective places and allow the final preparations for the ceremony to take place."
Takeos quickly interjected, "Yes, King Aigo.  That would be best."
The Star Soldiers' commanders both bowed a little toward the rulers and then departed north, but at a distance from each other.  The king shook his head and mumbled, "Ma de."
The emperor moved closer and asked, "Why did you invite the Leo?"
"It seemed to be a good thought at the time."

Hiero waited, nervously, in the tent erected among the trees.  He heard the orchestra playing music some distance away and his stomach growled.
He ate a simple meal a few hours ago, but he couldn't eat more.  His abdomen churned and he gripped it under the silk robes.  For almost a year, he had been home and enjoyed the company of his father and mother, as well as his older brother when he was in Yin.  For months, he relaxed and was comforted, but in the back of his head there came a chime.  With each movement of the clock and the announcements of the criers in the Walled Palace, another day was gone.  Soon, the chimes became louder and he heard them throughout the day.  Preparations began and he retreated into his shell, his saving grace while in Nara.
"My son," Aigo said as he entered the tent.  He stopped at the entrance and looked across the wide room.  The king's wife sat in her customary seat behind the prince and several aides prepared his crown and outer robes.  He sighed and said, "It is nearly time."
He stood, keeping his head low.  "Thank you, father."
He put his arm around Hiero's back.  "Please know that you are performing a great service for Shan."
He had heard "service for Shan" and many variants often over the last year.  It's not that he didn't feel patriotic; he simply wished that this didn't have to be the expression of it.
"I know, father."
Aigo departed the tent and the attendants put the last of the groom's heavy red and gold robes over his shoulder.  Once they were bound to him, another stepped onto a stool and placed the silk cap atop his head, fixing it in place with pins.  With this large, ornate thing, he had to hold his head up and even.  The red silk cap was tall and wide, laden with gold that depicted the three holy birds of Shan side by side.  A red jewel sat at the center, in the throat of the peacock, and loops of small beads hung from either side.  Hiero stood and looked at his reflection, barely seeing himself beneath the makeup of Jomon: dark eyebrows, white face powder, and red lips.  
His mother came to his side and put her hand on his arm.  "It is time."
He felt dizzy and still somewhat nauseous, but he moved.  He left the tent and his father entwined their arms.  The orchestra played a new song with ethereal woodwinds, strummed and plucked strings, and tapped drums.  The king and his prince walked along the red and gold carpet toward the center of the Sacred Grove.  Children were in the branches above, throwing flower petals down to the forest floor and they walked through a pink and yellow snowfall.  
When they emerged from behind a large tree, he saw his betrothed for the first time in a year.  Takeos led his daughter like Aigo led his son.  With linked arms, Zotike stepped toward the stones wearing a long, floral-patterned silk robe, a ceremonial black top, gray skirt, and a Shan-style red and gold belt about her waist.  At the center of the ring, the king stepped into his path and smiled down at him.  He looked up at those kind, wrinkled eyes and forced himself to smile because he knew how much this meant to him.
The emperor removed the family dagger from his waist and held it in front of himself with both hands.  Zotike lowered her head and took it in kind before sliding it into the red and gold belt.  Then, the fathers departed the circle and the children looked at each other.
The teen princess was smiling and the teen prince felt his fade.  His mind snapped back to the present and he remembered what to do next.  He turned to the right and saw the two priests in place, one from each realm.  He held his left arm out, flat, and Zotike stepped toward him, placing hers beneath his.
The Jomon priestess raised her arm and cried out, "In sight of highest Raijin, god of lightning, god of thunder, god of the mountaintop, …"
The Shan priest now raised his arm and continued, "In sight of the Queen Mother of heaven and wife of the Lord Jade Emperor, …"
"We bring before all the gods this child of Jomon."
"And this child of Shan."
Hiero blinked and focused on keeping his head upright.  The priest and priestess continued their back-and-forth routine.  Soon, they extended their hands toward him and he knew it was time for his portion.  An attendant knelt before him with a golden tray and Chu picked up the dates from the small bowl and placed one in each of the small cups filled with water.  He lifted two of the cups from the tray and held them out toward his family.  The king and his mother stepped forward, taking the cups reverently and drinking from them, date and all.  Then he took the last two cups, turning toward the Jomon and presenting them to the emperor and his wife, the demon woman.  He stifled his revulsion at seeing her again, dressed in such finery with an alabaster face and blackened teeth.  The evil woman took the cup with a smile and drank.  Hiero had to force himself to not laugh when the mother choked briefly on the date.  The cups replaced on the attendant's tray, the crouching girl fled and then began the princess' portion.
Zotike took a branch from a Jomon attendant kneeling by her and held it up.  With his right hand, Hiero touched its leaves before Zotike placed it in the flame of a small candle.  The leaves and branch crackled as it burned and she held it out from herself.  She began to recite the rites of purification in Jomon, saying, "In the eyes of high heaven, before the gods and goddesses, before the imperial ancestors, may all defiling things and sins be cleansed and made pure," the branch's fire neared her fingertips and she made ready to drop it, "we proclaim and request of all the heavenly spirits," she flicked the branch away and ashes and cinders fell to the forest floor.
Another attendant came and presented a lacquered tray.  The princess lifted the ceremonial jar of seishu and poured it into a pair of small bowls.  She lifted one, lowered her head, and presented it to Hiero.  He took it and held its rim against his lips as she picked up hers placed it likewise against her own lips.  Then, they drank.  Takeos applauded behind them and the bowls were placed on the tray. 
The priest and priestess fell to their knees and said in unison, "It is done."
The new husband was jostled by the congratulations and hugs of his family.  He saw tears in the eyes of his mother and he felt the sting of tears in his own.  His older brother came to him and they all embraced as one family.
"My daughter," the emperor said behind her, "as a gift for you and your husband," he forced himself to pull away from his parents, "I present to you a gift."
Zotike took a small wooden staff from her father and held it up.  She gasped and read, "'Ueda Castle?'"
"It shall be your home."
While Takeos and Zotike embraced, Aigo held Hiero's back and said, "We are of like mind, emperor."
"Oh?"
The older man shuffled toward the princess.  "I had intended to give our children our palace at Jiayu.  It is under reconstruction and not yet ready," he put his hand on the girl's shoulder, "but you are welcome to call it your home whenever you desire."
Zotike turned toward the king and bowed her head.  "I thank you, second-father."
When Aigo hugged the young woman, Hiero scanned the faces of the Jomon attendees, the people with whom he'd be living for a time.  He saw the familiar faces of generals and bushos, as well as the plain white painted faces of their wives and husbands.  Like a garish show of spirits and demons – his eyes darted toward the emperor's wife – the young man felt as though he was entering one of the hells and that there would be no escape.

Hiero was kneeling in the grass under a tree in the main courtyard of Ueda Castle.  The blossoms were gone and it would be almost another year before their beauty could be seen.  The blue sky above had gone dark and with the sounds of the nocturnal birds and insects of the north beginning their chorus, another evening of dread was upon him.
He closed his eyes and wished for the sun to stop its course.  He wished the sky would brighten and the whistles of day-birds would resume.  He wanted to feel the cool dew between his fingers and toes and know that he had many hours yet before the dread fell on him again.
"My prince," a young woman said behind her.  "It is the night and you have been summoned to your chamber."
Slowly, he opened his eyes and saw that the sky was even darker.  Stars dotted space above, and as he craned his neck to see, he felt slightly choked by the collar of his robe.
"I know, Feiyan."
The woman was one of three attendants Hiero brought to Ueda from Yin.  His only three allies, he believed, in this Jomon castle.  Feiyan was the only one with whom he spoke candidly.
"If I may ask, my prince," Feiyan began, "what will you tell the princess this evening?"
"The same that I have said each night for the last two months.  I do not wish it."
Slowly, Chu stood from the grass and stepped off the small knoll toward the stone path and his empty sandals.  As he put his feet inside, the servant asked, "Will that be enough, my prince?"
"It will have to be."
He clasped his hands in front of himself and allowed the wide sleeves of his robe to fall over them and conceal them.  So covered, he could now wring his hands nervously as he stood before his wife and explain that he still did not wish to lie with her.  He walked with his head low and departed the quiet courtyard and walked through the corridors of the castle.  After ascending a few levels, he came to the residences where two guards stood at the top of the staircase.  The attendant stopped with him at the entrance to their bedchamber.
She bowed low and said quietly, "Good night, my prince."
"Thank you, Feiyan."
The young man slid the door open, stepped inside, turned, and closed the door.  When he turned around again, he saw a pair of lit candles concealed inside ornate paper lanterns on either side of a low bed.  
He stepped out of his sandals and walked across the mat on the floor, past a statue of Zotike's grandmother and past a painting of Jomon's western coast.  Now at the foot of the bed, he looked around and saw nothing out of the ordinary.  Finally, he exhaled.
"There you are."
Hiero turned and saw his wife leaving the balcony.  As she slid the door closed behind her, she said, "The sun has set, husband.  Let us go to bed."
He tensed and shook his head once.  "No."
She stopped halfway toward it and faced him.  With a loud, firm voice, she said, "Come.  Get into bed."
Hiero quaked.  "I will get into bed, but that will be the end of it."  After that, he swallowed hard.
Zotike stomped across the floor toward him.  She was the same height as he, yet she raised up on her toes and looked down at him, jabbing her finger into his face.  "We have been wed for two months!  This is your duty!  As the princess of Jomon and you, the prince of Shan, we must have children!"  He backed away a step and she followed, keeping herself just centimeters away.
Hiero spoke with a hushed tone, "No."
She bit her lip and nodded.  "Mm.  My patience is at an end."  She turned, walked to the side of the bed, and opened a box sitting on the table there.  "My mother sent me a gift."  His eyes widened.  "Something she said may bend you to my will."
He shivered and stared, praying that what she removed from the box wouldn't be what it was.  The Strap.  
A length of leather that had once supported a piece of art in the Grand Hall of Nara Castle, the Strap also had a pair of knots on one end.  When Hiero's eyes met those knots again, his back ached and stung.  He still had the scars.
"My mother said this kept you obedient while you were a hostage."  She started to walk toward him and he backed away.  He could only go one step before he had backed into a pillar, but Zotike kept coming closer.  "She said it will do the same for me."  
She then whipped the Strap toward the floor and it gave off the loud crack that Hiero had heard so many times while he stayed in Jomon.  The sound caused his breathing to halt and his head began to shake almost imperceptibly.  He felt himself sliding toward the floor and he reached back to grip the pillar for support.  
"What?" she gasped with anger.  "Are you … wetting yourself?"  Startled, Hiero breathed again and looked down.  Indeed, urine was flowing down his leg and over his feet.  Zotike whipped the Strap again causing him to leap against the pillar and bang his head.  Then she started to laugh.
Hiero blinked a few times and stared at his wife.  Her head reared back, her eyes closed, her mouth wide and braying toward the ceiling.  Her laugh – her cackle – was the same as that of the demon woman, her mother.  How many times had he heard that cackle as he cowered in some corner, afraid of the Strap or simply her hands?  He shook with the memories of pain, seven years of it.  But now, he was older.  Now he was a little taller.  Now he could do what he had always wanted to do.  He could stop that infernal noise.
Before he realized it, the laughter was over.  His hands were clamped around her throat and she had dropped the Strap.  He was pushing her toward the wall and her fingers clawed and scratched his hands.  He didn't let go.  Wild-eyed and huffing, he slammed her head into the wall over and over until her hands stopped their attempts to free herself.  Finally, after some unknown length of time, he released her and she crumpled to the floor.  
Hiero backed away and knelt by the corner of the bed.  He stared at Zotike and her tongue which dangled from her mouth.  He wondered if she were truly dead, but when she did not blink her bulging eyes, he had his answer.
Finally, after a few minutes, he walked toward the closed door.  He slid it open just a little and looked into the dark hall.  The two Jomon guards were still there at the top of the stairs some twenty meters away.  They must have heard … something.  He said into the hallway, "Feiyan."
Moments later, from the shadows, the small woman emerged with her head low.  "My prince."
Chu hesitated and then backed away from the opening.  "Come in."  The servant did so and closed the doors as Hiero walked toward the bed.  Once there, he stepped aside, allowing the body to be seen in the flickering lantern light.
"My prince!" Feiyan cried.  She quickly covered her mouth and looked at Chu.  "What has happened?"
His eyes were not focused on Zotike.  He was staring at the floor and the Strap.  "She threatened to beat me, like her mother before her.  So I killed her."
The servant's mouth fell open and she looked at the body again.  "What are we to do, my prince?"
Hiero considered this and then blinked, having come to a conclusion.  "You will gather your things and depart the castle at once for Yin."
"Yin?"
"You will take a message to my family."  Feiyan turned and devoted her full attention to the young groom.  "Tell them what has happened, that Zotike threatened to beat me, much as her demon mother did, and that I would not have it."  His throat tightened and he nodded once.  "At last, I would not have it.  Tell them that I killed my wife."  On saying the last, his eyes welled with tears.
"Is that all, my prince?"
"Tell my family that I love them."
Silence.  "And what shall become of you, my prince?"
He looked toward the closed door of the bedchamber and pictured the guards standing just beyond.  "I will be at the mercy of the Jomon and I am certain that this is no mercy at all."
The servant leapt forward, embracing Chu tightly.  "I will go, my prince."
"Thank you, Feiyan."
She withdrew and held Hiero's hands in hers.  She smiled and looked into his glassed-over eyes, "May the gods and ancestors watch over you."
"And you, Feiyan."
She backed away, bowed, and quietly left the chamber.
Chu remained and stared at Zotike for a while longer.  He felt a surge of anger and he bent his hand toward the Strap.  His fingers trembled for he had only laid his hand upon it once before.  That vain attempt to stop his assault was met with the greatest beating of them all.  Finally, he formed a fist and snapped it off the floor.  Hiero loomed over Zotike's body and ground his teeth.  He raised his hand high and whipped the strap onto her side and back.  He did it twice more before the anger subsided and he felt remorseful.
He took it to the box in which it had been stored and removed the shade from the nearby lantern.  He put the lantern in the box and placed the Strap and some of the paper shade into the flame.  He put the box on the bed and watched the fire grow.  He then walked toward the far side of the room and through a small door the attendants used.  There he found the dressing chamber where their many clothes were kept.  After casting off the red and black robe he had been wearing and the white one beneath that, he removed a white robe from the dresser.  Made with Shan silks and threads and in the Shan style, it was covered in the white and yellow blossom trees common to Jomon.  He smiled a little at seeing it and remembered his time in the courtyard at Nara.  Once it was on, he walked toward the jewelry case and found a simple gold and jade necklace given to him by his father many years ago when he was first sent to Jomon as a hostage.  He remembered that fear and panic at such a young age.  His weeping mother, the watchful eyes of the Star Soldiers, and the disgust on the face of Zotike's mother, the demon woman.  Three kilometers.  That's how far away from the Sacred Grove the Jomon caravan had gotten before she first struck Hiero because he wouldn't stop crying.  And not the last time.
Now, he felt no such panic.  No fear.  He put the necklace over his head and returned to the bedchamber, bypassing the corpse without a glance, bypassing the fire that now began to engulf their bed, and headed straight for the balcony.  He slid open the doors and felt the cool breeze from the sea.  After a shiver, he stepped out onto the platform and looked down on the castle.  Far below lay the courtyard.  His eyes followed the streams and danced with the fish in the small pond.  He imagined himself walking on the wooden bridges and stone paths.  He felt his feet in the grass under the trees and smelled the fragrances from the many flowers.
Hiero climbed up onto the wide railing and stood there alongside the tall tower of the castle.  He looked down again at the flower tree and smiled.  He let himself fall forward and he dropped over forty meters into the courtyard.

Outside of Ueda Castle's walls, Feiyan held the pack close to her back and walked as quickly as she could.  She turned the corner, away from the fences and watchtowers, and toward the road that headed east onto the Bridge.  She had been on the road for just a few moments when she heard the whistles and bells behind her.  The servant stopped, said a prayer, and then continued.
X
PAYTONE
821 Years After Colonization

"I will kill them!  I will kill them all!"
The emperor's hair was wild and he wore nothing but a plain white robe which was barely tied across his front.  He may not be drunk now, but his bleary eyes and demeanor implied that he had been very drunk recently.  He lurched across the audience chamber, pulling banners from the wall and throwing anything not tied down across the room.
"Again, heavenly emperor," Milwyð said, "I urge patience and caution.  We have not heard from the Shan …"
"Damn the Shan!" Hirada yelled.
The emperor's wife had been on her knees with her face on the floor and weeping loudly.  Now, she reared back, her white makeup smeared by tears, and screamed, "We cannot kill the bastard, so we must kill his family!"
Takeos nodded and rested his rage against a wooden column just a few steps away from the Virgans.  Without looking up from his arm, he said, "He killed my only child."
"And you have my sympathies, heavenly emperor."  Paytone looked down at the floor and the seated bushos and generals there.  All of them were scowling and apparently eager to strike.  "You mean to declare war on Shan?"
"I mean to end them!"  He straightened and backed away from the column before he backed into the armored side of an old man.  "I have asked for you to come so you might join the fight."
The brigadier held her breath and turned toward Major Blacke.  She, too, looked warily at the people around them.  "I thank you for the invitation, heavenly emperor, but Virgo will decline to engage at this point."
"What?!"  He stalked across the chamber and stopped just centimeters from Milwyð's face.  "We have an agreement!"
She did not match his volume despite his proximity.  "We do, heavenly emperor.  In addition to aid for Jomon when requested by the emperor, that agreement calls for peace between you and Shan.  You desire to break that peace, therefore, I might very well consider the agreement broken."
Hirada's anger softened and his eyes searched the room as his mind searched for some means of keeping their relationship intact.  "Brigadier, Jomon does not wish to break the agreement."
"I understand.  And I understand your desire to wage war upon Shan.  Virgo will consider our agreement intact, but we will not aid in your efforts, beyond the gifts we have already given you."
Takeos considered this and nodded, understanding that this was as good as he could get.  "Thank you, brigadier."
"Thank you, heavenly emperor.  May the battle go in your favor."
As they departed Nara Castle, Blacke whispered under her breath, "Do you fear this folly?"
"Our trade will be impacted for a time but, no.  It may present us with the opportunity we've sought."
"And what of our allies in Shan?"
Paytone went quiet and thought as they walked the last few steps toward the side of their transport.  "We will warn them."
"Though they may be aligning themselves with the Leo?"
The brigadier looked at Twyla and grunted.  "Yes, but we will keep our eye upon them."
XI
HIRADA
821 Years After Colonization

Having amassed a nationwide force numbering nearly twenty-five thousand men and women, Emperor Takeos departed Ueda with the largest army Jomon had ever mustered.  There were five thousand riflemen and a cavalry of about six hundred.  They carried artillery in the form of mortars and short cannon, as well as grenadiers and many others.  
For days, the soldiers of Jomon, the generals and bushos, and all the rest traversed the Bridge.  They passed ancient fortifications and watchtowers, some of which were still occupied.  Scouts rode ahead on horses wondering if any Shan might have anticipated this attack, but they found nothing.
For days, Hirada rode in silence atop his horse, hearing the strategies and boasts of his warlords and advisors but not listening.  He could only imagine Zotike.  The sole heir to the throne.  He remembered her as a small girl, playing in the castle.  He remembered nights with her at Nara, waiting for the wedding, and the many times the princess had asked for his advice.  
After nearly ten days, one of the generals said, standing tall in the stirrups of his mount, "The Sacred Grove, heavenly emperor!"  The midway point.  Takeos nodded while the bushos ordered scouts to the Grove and just beyond.  The Jomon forces continued their march and, because the day was waning, they began to make camp.
Here, Hirada thought.  The same place we camped for the peace eight years ago.  Where we camped for the meeting a year ago.  For the marriage …  He blinked quickly, forcing his tears away, but he let his anger supplant the sadness.
The tents were erected and his aide took the reins of his horse as he stepped down.  Then a horse entered the camp and stormed toward the command tent at full gallop.  When the rider brought it to a stop, its hooves stuttered in the dirt and grass, spraying soil onto the bushos.
"My lords, heavenly emperor!" the woman cried out, breathing heavily as she did.  "Shan have encamped on the far side of the Grove!"
"How many?" one general asked.
"Some twenty thousand or more!"
Takeos walked away from the command tent and stared at the small forest nearly a kilometer to the east.  He could not see beyond it.
For the first time in days, the emperor gave an order and his voice croaked as he did so, "Burn it."
"Emperor?" one of the generals said.
"Take oil into the forest and set it alight.  Burn the Sacred Grove."  His harsh, fiery eyes met the surprised stares of his warlords.  "There will never again be peace between our nations."
XII
PORTIFOI
821 Years After Colonization

The largest of the Leonan sailing ships, the Jehan cruised over the sea's waves with ease.  Its sister ship, the Lomere, was a kilometer behind.  Both of the frigates had three masts with a large simple sail on each.  There were no oarsmen, no servants culled from the Sukho population like their smaller galleys.  On the main deck and the gun deck, there were a total of twenty-four cannon, and eighty riflemen stood ready to fire from the decks and rigging or storm the shore.  In between the frigates were six other Leonan craft, the sailing galleys, each with two masts, twelve cannon on their main decks, and a complement of forty riflemen.  The royal colonel was in command of the Jehan and the flotilla was sailing near the coast.
For days they sailed into the east to evade Virgan ships and scouts.  When they found the southern shores of Shan, they turned and followed the land toward the northwest, hoping to spy the armies of the king marching to battle, but they saw nothing.  Finally, they came to the long isthmus and in the far distance, smoke rose toward the clouds.
"What is that?" the captain of the Jehan asked.
Osmon lowered his telescope and shook his head.  "I wager it is nothing good."
For two hours, they hewed close to the shore until the colonel realized the forest he saw ablaze was, in fact, the Sacred Grove.  At the same time, he saw the encampment of Shan's armies and their many banners on the eastern side, about a kilometer inland from the ocean.
"Prepare a pinnace," Portifoi said, "and a messenger."  A serjant came to him as deckhands removed a tarp from a small boat and attached it to the rigging on the starboard side.  "Proceed to their command tent and direct this message toward the king of Shan and his generals: 'Holy highness, the forces of Leo stand ready to aid you in your fight.  Prepare a signal fire on the sea-side of your camp and light it when you are prepared for us to engage your enemies.  Royal Colonel, Osmon Portifoi.'  Go."
"Sir!"  The serjant ran to the side of the ship and descended a ladder, climbing into the pinnace as it was lowered.  Someone handed him a pair of banners and the boat reached the waves.  Four men and women began to row the craft to shore and Osmon watched them the whole way through his scope.
"Lord colonel," Jehan's captain interrupted, "when shall we anchor?"
Portifoi looked at the Bridge and saw that his fleet was about to move more westerly than the Shan camp.  The Grove's fire was audible and beyond its dense smoke and flames, he could even spy some small part of the Jomon camp.
"Here."
"Release anchors!" the captain ordered.
The Leonan flotilla broke apart to allow for the greatest spread of cannon fire.  In the afternoon, the pinnace returned and the serjant reported.
"Lord colonel, the king of Shan is not present."
He nodded.  "I see.  He is quite old.  You delivered the message to his generals, yes?"
"Yes, lord colonel.  They have already gathered wood for the signal fire and begun its making."
Osmon looked at the shore, and sure enough, he saw a pyre being erected.  "Thank you, serjant."
"Aircraft!" someone cried from the foredeck.  Immediately, all the deckhands and riflemen on the main deck pointed into the sky at the long, gray rectangle.
He recognized it immediately.  "Virgans."  It then turned back toward the west.
XIII
CHU
821 Years After Colonization

"The day wanes!  It is the hour of the goat!  The king presides!  Peace to all!"
The crier's voice echoed in the long, empty corridors of the Walled Palace.  The throne room's walls were sealed and no wind blew the white silk panels which hung in this chamber since the death of Prince Hiero.  Aigo, more crooked and in pain than ever, sat upon his throne.  He did not raise his head.  He said no word.  The royal chamberlain remained near, just in case, and at the appointed times, servants brought drink and food, but the king did not partake.
Dear Hiero, he thought.  Why did I send you into that den of vipers after you had warned me?  Why did I not listen?  He sobbed openly and the chamberlain did nothing but place a cloth on the arm of the throne.  And Zotike, I treated you as a daughter, raised you up with kindness, and yet you would do this?  Vipers.  All of them, vipers!
He raised his head toward the line of windows at the top of the chamber to see the state of the light.  He had spoken to the generals before they left and he knew today would likely be the day they arrived at the Grove.  If that was to be the place of battle, it may already have begun.
My eldest son, Timan.  I could not sway you.  I could not stay your sword hand.  You thirst for blood and I understand, yet I pray to all of heaven and all the hells, to the spirits and the demons, that you be spared and return to me.
He sighed and lowered his head.  "You are all I have."

General Chu Timan stood outside of the command tent and watched the fire continue to burn.  He had his hand on the handle of his sword and he ground his teeth.  
"It will burn through the night, certainly," a general said.
Timan did not respond.  "Status?"
"The last of the cavalry have come.  We have four hundred-eighty horses with soldiers trained for them."
"Good," Chu said.  "Let us hope Takeos could breed them no more quickly than we."
"And what of my experimental weapons, my prince?"  Timan looked at the older man with a long white moustache.  "I have many which may prove deadly."
"You will try them, Yu."  He looked again at the fire and said, "When our swords clash and our feet dance upon the ashes of the Grove, you may try."
After midnight, the fire had burned itself out.  Smoke billowed into the starry sky and glowing stalks of orange light filled their view.  Winds from the sea carried cinders into the north and some of the heat was renewed, causing small flames to ripple along scorched trees.  Before dawn, the embers began to dull and quiet settled upon the Bridge.
The boots of warriors wandered onto the black floor of the forest.  Soot flitted into the air and wandered aimless around many ankles.  The men and women of Jomon began to perspire as all the world about them provided an excess of warmth.  The soldiers walked forward with rifles in their hands and their swords at their waists.  They heard movement in the darkness, but when they squinted to see through the rippling air, they saw nothing.
Suddenly, a large tree trunk – blackened and still faintly glowing orange – creaked and collapsed into a line of soldiers.  They halted their advance as a plume of sparks and ash welled up from it and blocked them, but the Shan weapons opened fire.
A fusillade of rifles from among the darkened trees sprayed smoke and bullets into the Jomon.  Those who were not injured responded in kind, blindly, and then knelt onto the hot, ashen ground to begin their reloading.  Archers loosed arrows from both the Shan and Jomon sides and infantry moved against each other with spears and swords.  Shan riflemen finished their reloading first and they quickly took aim and fired again.
More than ten thousand soldiers found themselves at war in the charred remains of the Sacred Grove.  Eagerly, Timan watched the battle from a distance and he had half-drawn his sword from its scabbard.  As the first fingers of light reached into the sky, he had a moment of clarity and wished that he had some clever ploy to use against his enemy, but he had been blinded with rage at the death of his brother.  His only hope was that the same might be said of Takeos.
"They are trying to flank the forest on the north, my prince," a general reported.  "Shall we send in the horses?"
"We do not know how they may fare among the red coals of the Grove.  Keep them back for now, or until you see Jomon's horses in motion."
"My prince," General Bion Yu said, "may I use my weapons?"
"If our soldiers will be spared, proceed."  The general bowed and ran forward to his position.
Soon, Yu's unit pivoted and moved forward to meet the flanking opponents.  From their rear, large plumes of smoke erupted.  Rockets launched from the ground and exploded in the air above the Jomon soldiers, throwing hundreds of arrows into them.  Though many of the arrows bounced away harmlessly, the warriors were stunned by this attack and they slowed for a moment, allowing Yu's riflemen to use their next weapons.  They raised the wide barrels up, holding them toward the enemy.  When they pulled the triggers, several bullets sprayed out of the larger rifles and tore into hundreds of Jomon soldiers.  The weapons could not be reloaded in battle, so they were cast aside and blades were drawn.  Behind them, however, others took ceramic vases of gunpowder and viscous fluids, lighting them with torches.  These were thrown deep into the Jomon lines where they exploded.  Small pellets ripped through the leather and fabric of the enemy's shoes and clothes and fire clung to them like water.  As Yu's unit appeared to push the soldiers back, the Jomon received reinforcements: mounted soldiers.  Wielding large spears and long swords, they swept into the ashes and over the Shan forces easily.  Yu's people had another weapon, however, one designed for use against cavalry.  Each of his soldiers removed a heavy sack from their backs and threw them onto the ground.  As the grenadiers and others were trampled, horses began to step onto the sacks, which they found carried large steel spikes that drove into their hooves.  Dozens of horses cried out and collapsed, throwing their riders or crushing them beneath their massive bodies.  Soon, the remainder of the Jomon cavalry knew to avoid the caltrops and they began to press toward the main armies.
Timan stared at the scene and said, "Send our horsemen."
From the southern side of the battlefield, Shan cavalry raced between advancing lines of their fellow soldiers toward the north.  Shan units on the right side of battle had kneeled and prepared to use their swords and spears as pikes against the large animals, but the cavalry reached them first.  The great animals collided and many fell under wayward swords and rifles.  Fighters atop them hacked and slashed as best as they could while trampling on foot soldiers, sometimes of their own army.  A few of Yu's people survived and they carried their grenades toward the horses, lighting them and throwing them into the fray.  The pellets exploded and tore into the animals' flesh, disemboweling some with their force, and the Jomon cavalry was in retreat.  Shan's cavalry was not fortunate either, as the pikes of the Jomon infantry had killed well more than half of the gifted animals.
Seeing this from the far western side of the battle, the emperor ordered the deployment of his own experimental weapons.  Large mortars were angled and loaded.  When they were launched, fiery shot rained down upon the Shan forces in and around the forest.  Some struck advancing units, killing several in a single blast.  
With plumes of exploding shells halting Shan's movements and killing even more of their mounts, Timan looked offshore, about a kilometer away, and saw the Leo ships still sitting there.  "Light the signal fire."  Jomon shells continued to fall among his people.  With each explosion, he flinched and feared that this battle was going poorly.  Then he heard a sound unlike any in his life.
They had moved all their cannon to the side facing the battle.  Eight Leonan ships fired all one hundred twenty cannon at once.  The noise caused everyone to jump with a start and they looked with awe upon their new allies, shrouded in great gusts of smoke.  Then the cannonballs found their marks among the Jomon.  Hundreds of warriors were torn apart or blown into the air.  Smoke, soil, and ash sprouted up from the ground in fountains, casting aside whole units of soldiers.  
After the second barrage, Timan smiled and withdrew his sword.  "Their advance is halted!  Shan, forward!"
The men and women cried out and joined the prince as he ran toward the Grove.  The bulk of their forces were now pushing into the ashen forest, cutting down any Jomon who remained standing.  The enemy mortars had been destroyed by the Leo so there was little to stop them.
Timan swiped his sword across the chest of an infantryman who fell to the ground with a scream.  He stabbed at a woman with a spear and she fell, clutching at the blood which sprayed from her throat.  He ran forward and cut the knees of a soldier who wrestled with a Shan warrior.  Once that was done, he took a deep breath and felt the rush.  The energy soared through him and he felt a measure of happiness and satisfaction.  But there was more to be done.
The general ran and ran, cutting, stabbing, and slashing as he went.  Eventually, he found himself at the center of the Grove, at the circle of old stones.  He ran onto one and felt its radiating heat through his boots.  He hefted his blade high and cried, "Shan!  To me!"
His warriors were excited anew and they pushed beyond the forest's midpoint and toward the Jomon encampment.  As he did, through the smoke of the continuing assault from the sea, he saw the banners of Takeos himself on a distant hill.  He fought all the harder.
Marking the advance of the Shan, the Leo adjusted their targets, bringing their fire farther and farther west.  Soon, supply tents were being destroyed as were reserve units.  Timan was watching the enemy commanders on that hill when it exploded and the ground churned up smoke and dust.  He stopped his charge and wondered, Is Takeos dead?  Please, heaven, hear me.  Let him live so he might fall to my sword.
"General!" someone yelled behind him.  "More sails upon the sea!  The Leo have brought more ships to our aid!"
Timan let his soldiers push ahead and he squinted as he looked south to the ocean.  There were new ships approaching, but in the light of the late morning, he could see that they flew the long blue banner of Virgo.
XIV
PAYTONE
821 Years After Colonization

Aboard the Ælfred, the brigadier looked at the battle ahead with a scowl.  Five ships were in the Virgan group and all were sailing frigates like the Jehan because they had little need for the river-going galleys the Leo needed in the south.  
"The Jomon appear to be faring poorly," Blacke said.
"We will deal with the Shan later.  Signal all vessels to break and attack the Leo at will."  Bells and whistles sounded on the decks of the ships as guncrews prepared for broadsides and riflemen prepared for possible boarding.  
Twyla was looking through a scope at the enemy when she smirked.  "They've named one after their King Caesar."
"Then we shall down him again.  Fire when ready."
Orders were shouted and cannon fired.  The nearest ship, a smaller sailing galley, was pounded the most.  Its masts fell and its hull was split apart at the waterline.  It would be sunk in moments.  The Leo were scrambling on their decks to bring their cannon back to their original positions, but there were other weapons already in place.  The next Virgan barrage sent shells into the Lomere, snapping its main mast and ripping apart its main deck.  
"Rockets," the major said.
Milwyð held her breath and looked across the water.  On the decks of the Jehan and one of the galleys, rectangular boxes were put in position.  The first of the Leo cannon began to fire and another frigate was hit, but then the rockets were launched.  They leapt wildly away from the ships with more than a few striking the water.  Several hit the Ælfred, both its hull and its rigging, and the ship suffered a few holes to the hull and broken beams.  The rocket battery on the Jehan, however, exploded.  The main deck broke in two and two of its masts fell toward the water.
As the crew around her cheered and laughed, Paytone looked at Blacke and said, "Thus will I never use rockets."
"Indeed, brigadier.  Indeed."
The Virgans fired again and again.  The enemy responded as quickly as they could, but it was not quick enough.  Only the ship Buskirk suffered severe damage and limped off the line.  Soon, though, the Leo galleys were listing or sinking and the Jehan was in flames.  Lomere was turning southeast and had given up the battle.
"Now, major, let us punish those who would betray our agreement."  Twyla nodded and raised her scope, ready to call out positions to the crews.  "Signal all ships.  We are attacking the Shan lines and encampment."
The frigates sailed around the wrecks of the Leo flotilla and closer to the shore.  Their cannon blasted into the thousands of soldiers, killing hundreds.  The Grove became as filled with blood and bodies as it was with ash.  After a time, as the Shan retreated to the eastern side, the Virgans maintained their assault.  Their tents were leveled.  The cavalry and wagons were gone.  In a panic, the Shan ran for distant hills and forests back toward home along the Bridge.
From the deck of the Ælfred, Milwyð coordinated the landing of soldiers to rout the few Shan that remained.  After more than an hour, a messenger returned to the ship.  Saluting before the brigadier, she said, "Emperor Takeos is dead."
Her eyebrows raised.  "Dead?"
"Killed in the Leo assault."
Paytone nodded and looked down.  The wheels began to turn and she asked, "What of King Aigo?"
"He is not here."  Milwyð looked up at the messenger again before glancing at the major.  "His son, Prince Timan, was in command and he is now dead.  Killed by our assault."
The commander could only stand ramrod straight and blink.  "Dismissed."  The messenger saluted again and departed.  
Twyla stepped nearer and asked, "What now, brigadier?"
Paytone stared at the still-smoldering Grove and just thought.  After a minute, she turned and said, "You will gather the rest of our fleet and sail to Yin.  There you will take over the Walled Palace and place King Aigo under arrest."
Blacke raised her eyebrows.  "Are you certain, brigadier?"
"I will dispatch transports so that your force will swell above three thousand soldiers.  However many Shan had," she shook her head, "most no longer live after today, I believe."
"Quite likely."
"Once you are secure in Shan, signal us so that we might dispatch parties to Helan and begin mining."
"Yes, brigadier.  And you?"
"I will return to Sa'tsu and gather a large portion of our forces.  We will move against Nara."
"And the other warlords, brigadier?"
"What about them?"
Blacke hesitated and said, "Those who may not have come, those who may have survived this battle.  Would they not attempt to seize the castle and fight you?"
"They may attempt it."  Paytone held her hands behind her back and said, "If necessary, I will raze the castle and burn Nara to the ground.  And all of Jomon, if I must.  I will bring the full might of Virgo on this world against them.  They cannot withstand it."
"Yes, brigadier."
"I was right.  This is our opportunity."  She looked again at aftermath of the battle and said, "For eight years, my friend, while the crown sent the greater part of our forces to Gemini to lay claim to their valuable forest, we have patiently abided and built our forces into the many thousands.  We have scouted secretly.  We have begun to take the riches from this planet for our own."  She smiled, "Yes, we will sweep aside these natives and Virgo will claim this world."
XV
NOI
Unknown Years Before Activation

The older woman stood firm and kept her hands fixed atop her cane.  In the dark room, she felt the familiar swaying of the sea, and as she bent with it, she felt a sensation in her right leg.  She looked down at it and the voice finally spoke to her.
"Greetings, admiral."
She looked up and around.  "Greetings."
"We wish to ask you about your rebellion," a different voice asked.
Kawan smirked.  "'My' rebellion."
"You were the inciting factor.  The other rebel groups had been only pirates and were reluctant to start a war.  The rest of the world still needed some convincing.  You risked not only war with the Empire, but war with your neighbors, as well."
Noi nodded and ground the point of the cane into the dark floor.  "'Sometimes, one must burn a bridge to reach the other side.'"
The male voice spoke again, "Why were you so arrogant to think you could take on the Virgan Empire and succeed?"
"It was not arrogance.  It was … desperation."
The female asked, "It pains you to say so, I see."  The admiral nodded.  "Why desperation?"
"All the people of Picon were in need.  Help did not come from the crown nor from their puppets in Queenstown.  What little the people had was being claimed by the occupation or by taxes."
"I see."
"I understand desperation," the other voice said, "but to wage a war against the Empire … your loss was a certainty."
"To do nothing would make our loss a certainty, as well.  I could not sail the sea and pretend that all was right, no matter how pleasant the journey."  She smiled again and looked into the darkness toward the voice, "After all, how certain was that loss given the way events unfolded?"
XVI
AMYAND
1,766 Years After Colonization

The ambassador moved along the crowded walkway toward the sea.  The smell of fish and smoke was strong but not agreeable with his belly.  The sights were little more so, as hundreds filled every empty space to seek work or beg for money and food.  At a gap in the shop awnings, he looked out to sea and saw the distant masts of the Virgan blockade.
"Pord?"
Jean-Charles sidled past a family of four with their hands held out and he pulled on the edges of his white coat to keep it away from their dirty fingers.  He left the aisle of fishmongers and entered the main thoroughfare of the seaside market.  Horses with attached carts walked by.  A crowd of sickly men and women huddled near the paths coughing and Amyand brought a cloth to his face to cover his mouth and nose.  He had heard rumors of a plague which swept Pailyn and he did not wish to risk it.  On the gravel road a few meters away, larger petrol-powered trucks ferried goods away from the fishing nets and toward other markets in the city.  He removed the cloth from his face finally, looked to his left at the bay, and beheld the scores of Pican reux arrayed there.  A counter-blockade that could become a strike force if needed.  He scanned them for armaments and found that most were apparently lacking.  With a single shake of his head, the ambassador walked toward the nearest red uniform he saw.  The red-lacquered armor glinted in the morning sun and her pointed, black metal helmet with red drapes along the sides presented only a fraction of her face for view.
"Good morning," he said in his best Virgan.  "I am Ambassador Jean-Charles Amyand of Leonis, here at the request of the president and Assembly of the same."  The guard looked at him once and then returned her gaze into nothingness.  "I have been tasked to meet with your Admiral Kawan Noi."  The soldier didn't move.  He glanced over the side of the boardwalk and saw a pair of small boats tied off there, bobbing in the water.  "It is a diplomatic meeting."
She broke her blank gaze again and scanned the man from head to toe.  He was wearing a suit, entirely white, and his ample brow was dotted with sweat.  He had little hair remaining and appeared to be all of his sixty-five years.  Still, he was slender and in good shape, and as daintily as he was dressed, he certainly looked the part of a diplomat.  As the guard readied her response, the ambassador produced a page from his jacket bearing the seal of the Republic of Leonis, but she ignored it and said, "I have been given no leave to allow any visitors aboard the admiral's ship.  You must speak with my commanding officer."
"And where might he be?"
"She is posted in the watchtower there."  
The guard nodded to a tall wooden structure and Amyand walked toward it without saying anything else.  When he neared the door, he saw a horse taxi come to a stop nearby and a woman wave from the carriage's window.  "Ambassadeur, j'ai vos valises!"
"Bon.  Nous serons bientôt à bord."
Amyand continued to the door and had a more fruitful conversation with the guard there.  Then, at the top of the steps in a room of windows that faced every direction, he found a pair of officers in the standard red and gold fabric uniforms of these Sukho rebels, standing behind several other soldiers in front of communications equipment, logbooks, and more.  A woman faced him and she nodded, "Ambassador."
His eyebrows lifted, "You know who I am?"
"It is my business to know."  She returned her gaze to the full-yet-largely inactive harbor.  "How might I help you?"
Jean-Charles stood beside her and his eyes moved across the many ships.  "My government has tasked me to speak with your Admiral Noi."
"And this is a conversation that our admiral would like to have?"
"I should think so," he knelt a little to look out the window and see past the Pican ships to the Virgans beyond, "given the current state of affairs."
She nodded and turned to one of her underlings.  She said a few words in her language and the soldier stood, bowed, and ran out a side door and onto the deck that circled the viewing tower.  "Return below, ambassador.  If the admiral agrees, we shall see you over."
"I thank you."  
Outside by the boardwalk and harbor again, he returned to the first soldier and found his aide futilely trying to engage in conversation.
"Pourquoi ne me répondez-vous pas?"
"Marie," Amyand said, "Virgan, s'il vous plait?"
"Oui," she said.  The younger woman straightened herself and said with a heavy accent, "May I place the ambassador's bags in the ship?"
"Not until you have been given leave to visit."
Marie scoffed and looked at Jean-Charles.  "I do not understand."
"She has orders, my dear."  He clasped his hands behind his back and looked at the watchtower, "Just as we."  There was a new line of flags flying in the wind along the height of the tower that hadn't been there before.  None were recognizable, though they were all brightly colored with varying shapes and simple designs upon them.  A soldier on the deck above then lit some sort of flare and placed it atop the arm that held the flags' rope.  Thick, white smoke billowed up and away.
"Will you not change your mind, ambassador?" the aide asked.
"I will not.  Ces gens sont très méfiants."  Marie smirked and he finished, "I will return as soon as I am able.  If I cannot, I shall seek to have word sent to you."
"Oui."
"Ambassador," the Sukho soldier said, "permission has been given.  If you please."  
She gestured toward the small boat below and he immediately went to the ladder off the boardwalk.  Using its mooring rope as a guide, he descended and took the first of the bags from Marie, placing them in the hull by his feet.  Once all four were there, he looked up and smiled at his aide.  "Je vous verrai bientôt."
She nodded and said, "Bonne chance, ambassadeur."
He gave a mock salute and sat down in the small craft while a different soldier descended the ladder, bringing the mooring ropes with him, and took up position at the stern oar.  With large, sweeping movements back and forth, the paddle waved in the water and the boat moved into the bay.
They maneuvered between aisles of small docked ships, mostly of the fishing variety but with some that were cargo haulers and some that had small engines.  They moved into open water for a moment as fishing vessels tried to claim what little they could from the inner harbor.  A simple raft with two paddlers crossed before them.  On the rear of the raft was a pile of bodies, plague-ridden people pulled from the water.  Amyand's eyes widened and he reached for his cloth again.  He noticed that the oars had hooks on the opposite ends, verifying the tales he had heard.  These are the hookers.  The people who sailed the bay looking for bodies, tossed off the shore or from ships, and then ferried them to the edge of the blockade, casting the corpses adrift so they might be taken away by the ocean's currents and consumed by the mysterious beasts beneath the waters.  Paid by the hand.  He looked hard at the stack of bodies, trying to see if the hookers had already removed the left hands of their cargo, but his small craft entered the next lane where there were lines of military vessels, anchored and awaiting orders.  Square-shaped prows and sterns and high walls along all the decks.  Many of these ships had only one or two masts and their typical battened sails were lowered.  They passed near enough to a few ships that Amyand felt compelled to reach up and push their own craft away from the wooden sides of the encroaching hulls.  They then came near the larger vessels, mostly three-masted ships with multiple storeys on the mid and quarter decks where many cannon pointed out from the darkness.  The boat turned and he saw the red and gray hull of the admiral's flagship, the Seafire in Virgan.  They approached from the stern, which was black with THALE FI painted in yellow across its span.  Above, the ancient ensign of Sukho flew high, a red pennant with a white and gold pointed circle nearest the hoist.  High above on the main mast, it was Admiral Kawan Noi's standard, a black flag with a golden dragon.  It was a long pennant and its end whipped in the breeze.
They came along the port side near the midships and to a small retractable dock.  Deckhands were waiting there, clinging to ropes, and an officer shouted down to the guard who had piloted the boat.  He responded only with a salute.  The deckhands pulled the arms of the ambassador up and he worried over his white sleeves, but then came the climb to the deck of the Seafire.  Once he was up and over the high wall, he leaned over to brush the seawater mist and rope grime from his pants.  Seeing that it was hopeless, he stood erect and looked across the length of the great ship.  Four masts with lowered sails, stowed jibs, stunsails, and leeboards.  Closed gunports along the high walls of the deck with marines who lined the whole ninety meters of its length.  A low tower at the rear with three storeys and at least twenty cannon that he could see from this angle alone, with more marines on each level.  Up top, the command deck, with its shelter, helm, and the admiral's command rig from which she could fly banners to signal the fleet.
"Ambassador," an officer in a red uniform with white pants said.  "Please follow me."  
"Of course."  He looked at the deckhands behind him who brought his bags over the side of the walls before he followed the young woman.  They approached a pair of marines with long rifles by a closed door.  When they opened it, Amyand could see stairs that descended into the ship when he had thought they would be ascending toward the command deck.  He glanced up at it for a moment before looking out toward the ocean.  Beyond several more lines of Sukho vessels, he saw the line of Virgan ships, stationary, some two or three kilometers away.  The three largest ships at the center of the line had plumes of dark smoke billowing from their stacks.  
Through the close stairwell and corridor they walked until they emerged in the admiral's cabin where they found a line of five figures seated at a low table and silhouetted by the bright day from the windows behind them.  Jean-Charles bowed and as he did, he blinked rapidly to try and make himself accustomed to the dichotomy of light in this room.  He walked toward the table and noticed that the central figure was sitting a little higher than the others.  A large, square pillow was on the deck and he crossed his legs awkwardly before plopping down onto it.
"Greetings, ambassador," a man said from the left.
"Greetings to you all," he said.  "I am Jean-Charles Amyand, ambassador of the Republic of Leonis, and representing the president and Assembly thereof."
"We know," the man said.  Amyand turned toward him and squinted in the light from the windows.  He still had not been able to clearly see anyone at the table.
"You have been in Pailyn for over a week," a woman said from the right, but the ambassador didn't believe it was the admiral.  "Why did you delay in coming to see us?"
He decided to focus on the tall figure before him.  Squinting in the harsh light, he replied, "I wanted to gather as much information as possible about Sukho and the struggle against the Virgans."
"Then you know the struggle is not ours alone."
"I understand that."  He blinked and tried to maintain a smile despite his scrunched expression in the sunlight.
"Have you not spoken with the rebels of Dangun, Jomon, or Shan?"
"I have not.  Your people have had the greater success at keeping the Virgans at bay, whether I speak of their military or their culture."  He looked across all their darkened faces.  "And yours is the current seat of difficulty on Picon, so I came here first.  But, I would ask you … what of Queenstown or Perkinston?"  They did not respond.  "The history of Virgans on Picon is long, indeed.  What do those who cling more closely to the ways of the Blue Colony think of those who seek a separate identity, if not open rebellion?"
"They keep silent for their own reasons."
"Some support us, nevertheless."
Despite the different voices, he kept his attention on the taller, dark figure before him who had yet to speak.  He tried to keep his eyes open as long as possible, but soon, his head began to hurt.
"We have received weapons and munitions from Perkinston, despite the presence of the Virgan fleet there."
"Outsiders forget that Virgon left us on our own for some time.  It is only recently that they have tried to reassert dominance."
"And to remove all vestiges of our independent pasts."
"And thus," Amyand gestured across the table, "you and your allied rebels have sought to resurrect those old nations, though you all carry Virgan blood, no?"  Even in silhouette, he could see that they chafed at such a suggestion.  "Were I able to see your faces, I might point out the Virgan features.  And were I to know your names …"
"Enough of this."
"Speak no longer of the Virgans to us."
The ambassador grimaced, "Oui.  A painful subject, obviously."  He tried to look across the group again but now he found that his head hurt from the excessive sunlight.  "I apologize," he said, holding his hand up to shield his eyes, "but can we please close the curtains?"  The panel went quiet.  The figure in the center raised her left hand and flicked her fingers over her shoulder.  A previously unseen guard in the corner pulled a rope and blinds descended, completely blocking the view and light.  Jean-Charles blinked and rubbed his eyes, "Merci."  He looked up again and saw that the central figure was, indeed, Admiral Noi.  A woman of more than fifty years with a sharply angled nose and cheekbones, wide eyes, and weathered skin.  Her black and silver hair peeked out from under the gold fabric that lined her pointed burnished metal helmet.  Sheets of gray chain mail hung from it and clicked against the dark metal shoulders of her torso's armor, decorated with gold fillagree.  A black cape was attached to the shoulders of the chest piece and served to highlight the bright red fabric of the rest of her uniform.
She leaned forward and said in her trademark sonorous voice, "You lasted longer than most."  The other officers at the table laughed.
Amyand didn't know what to make of that, so he chuckled along with them.  "I thank you, admiral.  For agreeing to see me and for the closing of the blinds."
Kawan straightened and she raised her head slightly to the left.  "It has been a long while since a Lion set foot upon Picon."
"It has been a long time."
"Do you believe the south has forgotten what Leonis did?  How we were fodder in your war against the Virgans?"  Another officer pounded the table with his fist twice in agreement.
"I do not, admiral.  Nor should you believe that Leonis has forgotten the Battle of Penrose Harbor.  Or the Battle of Pla Bay."  The officers hesitated, not knowing what the ambassador was saying.  "These engagements, centuries ago, with your combined navies proved so costly for our crown that Leonis withdrew from your world.  The Virgans played their part, obviously, but your people are poised to strike against them and we are here."
"We do not understand why when there is no shortage of problems awaiting you back home."
Jean-Charles nodded and manufactured another smile.  "You speak true, admiral.  You are aware of the so-called 'Bloodless Revolution.'"
"That was nearly twenty years ago."
"Oui, and it has taken nearly so long for my people to regain their footing."
"Why is that so, I wonder?"  Noi feigned deep thought and then offered, "Perhaps it is because the Leonans do not know how to act when their leaders are not frakking their own sisters and brothers?"  
The officers laughed and again Amyand found the strength to grin.  "I fear, admiral, that you again speak some measure of truth."  He wondered at why he had taken offense despite all that transpired and then he understood why the Sukho were taunting him.  It is their way of sizing up a foe at the negotiating table.
"Tell me, ambassador," the man to Noi's right said, "what does your revolution have to do with ours?"
"Though our manner of government may have changed, our distaste for the Virgans has not."  A couple of heads nodded.  "For centuries, the satellite nations and settlements on our colonies have waged war against them in our stead and we remain as we ever were, locked in conflict.  The president and the Assembly believe that a greater success may be won if we find elements in Virgan territories and foment rebellion there."  Some of the officers shared looks and Jean-Charles continued, "On worlds like Caprica where the people of Rhodia are fairly content under the queen's rule, our task would be more difficult.  Here," he raised his hands and gestured around himself, "your people are already displeased with Virgan rule and my task is all the easier."
"We are not in open rebellion," another female officer said.
"Yet," Amyand added.  "This blockade of Pailyn.  How long has it persisted?"
"Two months," Noi said.
"And what of the Virgan forces on land, beyond the city?"
"I concern myself with the sea.  We have soldiers and our friendly city officials who have kept them back for now."
"How long before this plague of yours spreads further and devastates the city and your navy?"
"The fever is dangerous, but you fear overmuch."
"How much longer before the meager fish in the bay are gone and the people begin to starve because nets cannot be cast beyond its mouth?"
"Not long."
The ambassador nodded.  "What demands have the Virgans made for the ending of their blockade?"
The man on Noi's right looked at her and then at Amyand, "The surrender of the admiral and the scrapping of our 'pirate fleet.'"
Jean-Charles chuckled.  "And this will not happen, will it?"
Kawan raised her head high.  "It will not."
"Bon.  Good."  He clapped his hands on his thighs.  "Leonis is ready to give you aid.  And not simply you, admiral, but all the warlords of Picon."
Her eyes narrowed and she said, "Some of your information is out of date, ambassador.  We are not warlords.  Our conflicts with each other are at an end.  We are united against the Imperial crown and we answer to our own civilian authorities."
Amyand lowered his head and raised his hands in a pleading fashion.  "Rebels with civilian authorities?  I apologize, admiral.  It is good to hear."
"Nevertheless," she spread her legs apart and appeared ready to stand up from her stool, "if Leonis is prepared to offer financial and material aid to us …"
"We are."
"Then we must sail north to Queenstown so that our council may hear and decide."  She stood and the other officers along the table stood from their pillows.  
"Sail?"  He looked up at her and remained seated.  "Can you not simply message the other war-, eh, leaders?  Message your civilian authorities?"
"The Virgans have ears and transmitters, too, ambassador," an officer said.  "The admiral does not use such equipment for sensitive matters."
"I see."  Jean-Charles struggled to get off the pillow and finally stood before the table again.  "Queenstown.  Why there?"
Noi said, "That is where our unified council meets."  The ambassador's eyebrows raised and she added, "The Virgans would not suspect that."
"They would not."  The officers began to file out of the room and Amyand followed close behind.  "And of the Virgans, admiral, what of the blockade?"
Part way up the stairs, she looked down while a flickering lantern illuminated her face.  With a faint grin, she said, "We shall break it."
XVII
HOLT
1,766 Years After Colonization

Captain Nathaniel George Holt stood on the quarterdeck of the RNS Success.  As he had for the last month and change, he looked toward the pirate stronghold of Pailyn Bay and the five or six dozen ships anchored there, kept within the confines by a simple double line of Virgan vessels.  
His dark blue jacket warmed him in the cool morning air, chilled by a firm northerly wind.  His cocked hat was angled horizontally on his head with its points aligning perfectly with his shoulders, on the right of which was affixed the golden yellow epaulet marking himself as a captain with still under three-years experience.  He rubbed his hands together and then brought them to his mouth.  As he blew warmed air into his palms, his second officer approached from behind.
"Morning, sir."  Second Lieutenant Alana Tate stood by him and squinted.  "Any movement among the ruxies, then?"
"None."
"What of word from Defiant?"
"None."
Tate looked toward the aft of the Success and saw the distant trails of smoke from the newer vessels' engines.  "When we were midshipmen aboard the Formidable," Holt suppressed a grin, "do you recall how our commodore, then merely a captain, would force us to wait to receive our orders as long as humanly possible?"
"I recall, lef-tenant.  I sent the request just yesterday morning.  I would not expect word for a time."
She shook her head and turned so that she only faced him.  She lowered her voice and said, "We lack a third of our crew as they've manned the Redoubt.  If we are to see action, we need them back.  Or a replenishment."
The captain turned and looked off the port side.  The secondary line of Virgan vessels was there and among them was the Redoubt.  A seized, two-masted schooner, captained by his own executive officer.  "Mr. Goodwin will rejoin us in time, lef-tenant."
She nearly rolled her eyes.  "I shall count the moments."
"There are lessons to be learned from Lef-tenant Goodwin.  For you and I both."
She turned and faced Pailyn again.  "Lessons on the Scrolls, no doubt."
"Not just."
A whistle came from above and the officers' heads whipped up.  The young man in the nest was giving hand signals to the master below.  Seeing this, both Holt and Tate walked to the starboard side of the Success where they found a midshipman with a scope. 
"If you please, sir," the captain said as he took the metal cylinder from the teen.  In the distance, more than two kilometers away, he could see the many flat-fronted Sukho reux as they ever had been.  He could not spy what transpired upon their decks for the walls were too high, but he saw people on command decks giving orders and the rigging being manipulated.  Their red sails were beginning to rise.
"Captain, sir," Master Regina Palmer said as she ran onto the quarterdeck, "we've spotted sails and smoke from engines.  They're readying to move, sir."
"I see, master."  He gave the scope to Tate who immediately scanned the enemy.  "Notify the yeomen of the sheets and powder."  Palmer brought her hand to her forehead, a traditional act to tip her non-existent cap, before she ran back down to the deck to bark orders.  Holt walked toward the wheel where the coxswain stood watch and removed the protective cover from the signals box.  He moved the lever toward the appropriate position and turned the small crank three revolutions.  "Signals," he said into the receiver.
"Signals, aye!" the tinny answer came.
"Stand ready for communique from Defiant."
"Aye, captain!"
Tate returned the scope to the master's mate and faced the captain.  "Beat to quarters, sir?"  Nathaniel's face churned as he chewed on his cheek and tongue.  "Or shall we wait for the commodore to order it?"
Holt glared at her and sighed.  "Beat to quarters!" he announced.  He strode to the fore of the deck and watched the seamen run from their duties to the rigging, up and down stairs and ladders, above decks and below.  As a drum was pounded, he barked, "Midshipmen and lef-tenants to their gun crews!  Gunners and mates in positions!  Ready the courses!"
The men and women were doing their jobs.  Activity swirled around him and the captain felt ill at ease.  This had been the case ever since he was promoted.  If action was near, there was an anticipation, a need to have a hand in it.  Because he wasn't personally readying a cannon or clapping the backs of the seamen on the shrouds, the energy had nowhere to go.  He tapped his foot and held his hands behind his back, clapping the top of one against the palm of the other.
Tate saw this and said, "Soon, George."
"I know."
A bell dinged in the signals box and he lifted the receiver.  Before he could answer, the voice said, "Signals!  Word from Defiant!  'All ships to general quarters!'"
"Received."  Holt put the small tube back in its holder and closed the box.  The captain's clerk ran onto the quarterdeck and gave both Holt and Tate their personal scopes.  He thanked the young girl with a nod and she ran back below to her duties assisting the signals mate.  
He heard the clunking of wood on wood as the gunports were opened and pushed against the hull.  A rumble beneath decks as the long cannon were rolled into position.  Red-shirted Marines ran onto the deck and stood in lines along the masts giving pre-planned room for the seamen to do their jobs unimpeded.
The master looked up from the base of the mizzenmast and brought her fist to her forehead again.  "Standing ready, captain!"
He nodded and looked through his telescope toward the bay.  The vessels were beginning to move.  Slowly, of course, but there appeared to be lanes of traffic.  Ships moved to the north while tall ships behind them moved south.  Minutes later, on the far ends of the bay, they turned and sailed in the other direction, crossing again.  Smaller ships did the same and darted around their larger cousins and Holt marveled at these ships' ability to seemingly sail against the wind.
"What are they doing?" Alana asked.
"I cannot say."
"Are they … getting nearer?"
Holt studied them more closely and, indeed, it appeared as though their contained lanes of traffic were expanding outward from their previous positions.  "They are."
"Ho now," Tate said as she swung her scope to the south, "what is this?"
The captain followed her and saw a group of smaller ships sailing in a single line toward the Virgan blockade.  Each ship had only a single mast but no sail was rigged on them.  "Engines, I suppose."
"Why a line?  And no crew that I see?"
The first ship left the imaginary line drawn in the water by the commodore two months ago, still a kilometer from the Virgans, but no shot was fired.  The second ship crossed and then the third.  Slowly, as they advanced, they spaced them out farther and toward the north.  When the fourth did the same, Nathaniel saw a pair of men leap off the first ship and into the water.  "What …"
Smoke began to pour from the craft, out of its ports and from its decks.  There were no flames; only thick, white smoke.  The second ship smoked as well and more sailors dove into the water.  Soon, great veils of smoke billowed up from the eight vessels and the northerly wind blew it across the wide mouth of the bay, eventually obscuring the Sukho fleet.
"Brilliant," Alana said.
Holt faced the deck and ordered, "All lef-tenants and mates with scopes!  Keep your eye on the bay!  Send word of enemy movements!  Master," Palmer looked up toward the quarterdeck, "send a second spotter to the nest!"
"Aye, sir!"
"I spy only a glimpse of passing sails and masts," Tate said.  The thick clouds of smoke continued to blow from the south.  "I can't speak to their positions."
They watched, helpless, as the smoke continued to obscure the vessels.  Holt's anxiety increased and he began tapping his fingers on the brass of his scope, which only served to disrupt his vision.
A kilometer to the south at the center of the blockade, the cannon of the Defiant and Indefatigable began to fire.  The officers resumed their watch of the smoke, trying to discern the vessels' targets, but they saw none.  Then, one of the Success' own guns shot into the smoke.
"Hold your fire!" the captain screamed, and other officers relayed it down the line.  He stalked off the quarterdeck, keeping an eye toward the bay, and walked past the gun crews on the upperdeck to the one near the forecastle that was just now ejecting its spent cartridge.  "Midshipman!"
The young woman there straightened and nervously swallowed and twitched while the gunner's mates at her station slid a new shell into the cannon's chamber and closed the breech.  "Captain, sir!"
Standing less than half-a-meter from her face, he bellowed, "You do not fire until so ordered!"
"Yes sir!"
"I'll have you in the rigging with lashes if you disobey again!"
"Yes sir!  Sorry, sir!"
Holt stalked off again and up the stairs to the quarterdeck.  There he found Tate staring still toward the distant ships through her telescope.  "Did she see something?"
"I didn't ask."  
He raised his scope and saw only smoke with an occasional red sail passing through.  The cannon of other ships a kilometer or more away continued sporadically for several minutes.  Finally, the veil started to part as whatever fires had been set began to wane and the ships became more visible.  Great red sails arrayed like wings atop these shapes were sailing out from the bay and toward the blockade.
"Target the nearest and fire!"
The captain looked down and watched the lieutenants and midshipmen pull the cords.  Triggers fell against the rears of the cannon and the barrage spilled smoke over the water and threw iron balls into the hulls of two frigate-like reux just over a kilometer away.  Mates with u-shaped prybars removed the spent shells while others inserted the next and closed the breeches behind them.  Cords pulled again and Holt watched through his scope as splinters of dark brown wood flew into the air and men scrambled on the now-exposed decks.  Men and women with rifles lined up and angled them into the air.  He lowered the scope and yelled, "Cover!"  Bullets struck the sides of the Success' hull and a few landed on the deck.  One seaman was struck in the leg but he pressed his hand against it and maintained his position.  
All along the lines of twenty-six Virgan ships, cannons fired.  The many smaller Sukho ships appeared to be no match for them, but their numbers soon overwhelmed the lines at the southern end of the bay.  Smaller craft with engines rode out into the sea and sailed near the Hercules, a large cruiser with engines and a partial iron hull, where they exploded.  The Virgan vessel was damaged, and the Defiant moved south to fortify their position.
"Are they abandoning ship?" The captain asked while he kept his attention on the three-masted reux that was attempting to broadside Success.  
"No.  Defiant is in the way.  I can see naught but smoke from Hercules now."
Bullets again rippled across the hull and decks and the cannon continued to fire.  Thus far, Success had bested one Sukho vessel which was now listing a kilometer away.  Another with its flamboyant painting and gleaming horse on the prow maneuvered into position and seemed ready to stand toe-to-toe with them at half that distance.  
"Shot!" Holt called out and the nearest mates placed thick paper bags into the bore while new cartridges were loaded.  When they fired, a large, iron sphere tore into the hull of the reux and dozens of small iron balls ripped through the walls and flesh of the crew.  Twelve blasts from the enemy struck the hull and deck of Success.  Rigging was torn apart, the foremast was damaged, and several seamen and Marines were felled.  All the gun crews of Success continued to fire the shot atop their standard rounds and, after a few barrages, the port side of the enemy was pockmarked, exposing great patches of bare wood, while more than half their guncrews lay wounded or dying.
"Captain of the Marines!" the captain said.  A man with a wide copper crescent hanging below his neck approached and he saluted.  "Have your men target their quarterdeck and any who appear to be captains or officers!"
"Aye sir!" he saluted and ran off.
"Have them climb the shrouds if they must!"
A late shot from one midshipman broke the rudder post of the enemy vessel.  Pieces fell into the water and the paddle went limp.  Alana pointed down to the young man, "Double rum for you and your crew tonight!"  Their cheers were drowned out by more fire from the reux.  Several of the shots went wide, but one tore a hole through the mainsail and another sheared off the bowsprit.  Marines in the rigging around the masts began to fire their rifles onto the decks and they answered in kind.  Shellboys crisscrossed the deck, collecting the spent cannonshells with gloved hands and depositing them in bins to be taken below and reused.  Tate ran to the upper deck and lowered the elevation of two guns personally.  She ordered the others to do the same as those on the gundeck below continued their fire.  Finally, as the upper deck launched their barrage, the great balls tore holes into the reux's hull at and just below the waterline.  They knew the segmented hulls of the reux would prevent widespread flooding, but it was certainly enough to keep most of their crew busy.
Holt watched the enemy through his scope.  Under a shelter on their command deck, he saw a Sukho officer in red and gold drop from a Marine's bullet.  "Excellent!  Maintain fire!"  
"Captain," Tate said.  She was by his side on the quarterdeck and looking south.  "You will want to see this."
He saw flames in the distance under a tall plume of smoke.  When he brought the telescope to his eyes, Nathaniel saw a large three-masted reux engulfed in fire.  Atop the main mast flew the black banner that was Admiral Noi's standard.  "Damn."
"This may be over sooner than we thought," she said.
He scanned the ship again and again.  Success continued to fire on the nearer vessel and he leaned toward Alana's left ear, "That's not the Seafire!"
"It's not?"
"No."  He looked again.  "Three masts.  Seafire has four."
He watched the Defiant and Indefatigable move toward the southern end of the bay as the lieutenant said, "Why would she have transferred her flag?"
From around the hulk of the damaged vessel Success had been targeting, three craft sailed.  They quickly moved between the frigates and toward open water beyond the Virgan lines.
Tate shook her head and watched the closest of the reux sail past the stern without firing a shot.  "They sacrificed how many such vessels so the bulk of their fleet could flee?"
Holt looked south along the line and saw several larger reux embroiled in battle or wounded while dozens of smaller ships moved out and away.  Two kilometers south, the frigate with the admiral's flag and four other ships wilted under the fire on their decks and under fire from the newer Virgan vessels on Picon.
"Starboard guns!" the captain ordered, "fire at will!"  The order was relayed and as the fleeing ships entered view of those gunports which faced away from the bay, they pulled their cords.  There were now twenty or more vessels moving beyond the Virgan lines and only a few were struck.
"Captain," Alana said, "what do you make of that?"
Holt looked beyond her finger at the large Sukho vessel sailing past the northernmost promontory of the bay.  It was flanked by two smaller ships and as he brought the telescope back to his eye, he immediately saw that the larger ship had four masts.  "Seafire."
"A ruse," Tate said.
The captain looked south toward the mass of battle and saw the bulk of the Virgan fleet there.  Sukho ships fled into the open seas with little obstacle everywhere else.  The commodore can't reach her now.  "Lef-tenant, weigh anchor and set sail."
"Aye sir."
He faced the young coxswain, pointed toward the suspected Seafire, and said, "Pursuit course."
"Aye!"
He looked at the signals box and hesitated before removing the cover.  When he did, he turned the crank, and said, "Signals."
"Signals, aye!"
"Raise the Redoubt.  Order them to flank our port side as we pursue north."  He looked around for any other nearby vessels he might ask to join the chase, but he saw that the bulk were either holding their positions or sailing south toward the great conflagration.
"Aye, captain!"
He closed the cover again and watched the master and lieutenants order the full deployment of their sails.  The vessel bobbed in the water somewhat as the northerly winds found purchase in her billowy sheets.  Success was on the move.
He looked to the port side and saw the crew of the Redoubt making ready as well.  A few moments later, their anchor was hoisted and the ship was underway, though just behind.  The wind whipped at their backs and he reached up to secure and reposition his hat.  
The bell in the signals box rang.  Holt uncovered it and lifted the tube to his ear.  "Signals, captain!  Defiant actual standing by!"
He took a deep breath through his nose and felt his chest tighten.  "Put him through."
"Aye, captain!" 
He heard a few clicks before a static in the background and the chatter of several.  Finally, he heard a deep breath and the nasal tones of his old commander.  "Is this Holt?"
"It is, commodore."
"Where in the bloody hell are you going, man?!  The orders are to hold the line!"
"Commodore, …"
"The battle is at the line or at the south end, I say, where we find ourselves."
"Commodore, the Seafire is under sail and moving north at speed."
"You may not have seen it, Holt, but the Seafire is down.  Adrift and aflame."
"Apologies, commodore, but that was not the Seafire, though she bore the admiral's standard."
Pause.  "And how would you know that?"
"The vessel that bore the standard was a three-masted frigate.  I am currently in pursuit of a four-masted ship-of-the-line, the only one of which, that I'm aware of, is the admiral's own."
"Bloody hell."  The commodore then said to the side, "The boy says we've not sunk the Seafire."  Raucous laughter came from around him.  "Seafire or not, that pirate's banner was on the ship we've sunk and the admiral with it."
"As you say and I hope so, commodore, still," he looked to the side of the Success' masts at the ship now some five kilometers ahead and pulling away, "I request leave to continue pursuit of this warship."  At that last line, Tate raised her eyebrows and watched the captain's expression.
Someone else nearby the transmitter, though not the commodore, said, "They've likely lured him with a false mast."
"Quite.  Listen, Holt.  Give chase and sink that ship.  If she is the Seafire or if she carries the admiral, then your hide may be spared.  If not, I'll have your post and break you to midshipman.  Do you understand me?"
"I do, commodore.  Thank you."  The tube clicked in his ear and he knew the transmission was complete.  After he replaced the device and covered the box, he tried to avoid looking at the lieutenant.
After a long moment, she couldn't bear it and asked, "How is the commodore?"
"Angry."  He kept his hands behind his back and stared ahead.  "Order the master to begin repairs in transit.  Get the carpenters to the foremast, bowsprit, and any holes first."  He looked up at the mainsail and saw the blue sky through a portion of it.  "And a seamster up there."
"Aye, captain."
Holt left the quarterdeck.  He walked across the main deck as the guncrews cleaned and prepped their cannon, past the Marines as they descended the rigging and assumed their usual posts, and up the steps to the forward-facing forecastle.  He raised his scope and stared hard at the distant ships.  He tried to read the stern of the cruiser but it was still too far away.  And it did not fly the black banner with a golden dragon.
"Repairs underway, sir," Alana said when she took her place at his side.
He turned the telescope to the two flanking ships.  "Your strategy, were you she?"
With a tilt of her head, Tate said, "Use the two frigates to waylay us, if not sink us."
"Aye."  He collapsed the scope and said, "Our target is the Seafire.  We will not stop or be deterred, though we will have a need to slow them.  Have all guncrews ready chain shot."
"Aye, sir."
"Convey this to Redoubt.  Give Captain Goodwin my compliments."
"I will, captain."
As she departed, seamen and carpenters came to the forward deck to repair the bowsprit.  The master stood near and Holt said, "As soon as we are able, raise all jibs and stunsails."  His eyes fixed on the Seafire, he said, "I want best possible speed."
XVIII
NOI
1,766 Years After Colonization

Hours after the escape from Pailyn Bay, the admiral stood on the command deck under the shelter and looked south through her scope.  There, she saw the shapes of a pair of Virgan vessels.  They were closing.
"They're in full bloom," Reung said.  "All their sails deployed."
"A brilliant strategy, admiral," Ambassador Amyand said as he came up the stairs.  "I saw the vessels of your fleet crossing each other and moving closer to the sea.  What would you call it?"
She lowered the telescope and handed it to the commander of the Seafire.  "Uncoiling the snake."
"Indeed."  Jean-Charles chuckled and said, "Uncoiling the snake and your smoke.  Eh, it proved very effective."
I should have ordered him confined to quarters for longer.  
"Though I feel a measure of guilt that so much was lost on my account."
Kawan turned to face him.  She gripped her belt with her left hand and asked, "Are you so full of yourself that you believe we broke the blockade solely because of you?"
The man blinked and lowered his head.  "No, I suppose not."
"Captain Reung," Noi said to her right.  Marc stepped forward, cradling his dark metal helmet under his arm.  "What was the status of the Virgan fleet when we departed?"
"Of the twenty-six ships in the blockade, one heavy cruiser was damaged, one heavy frigate sunk with three others dismasted or in flames, two light frigates sunk and two more dismasted, four corvettes sunk with two others in flames or dismasted.  Of our sixty-eight vessels, forty managed to depart Pailyn."
Amyand raised his eyebrows.  "I am … pleasantly surprised, admiral."
"Did you think our reux were still made from the softwoods they used to be?"  Noi smirked, "Simple ships for fishing in the rivers and not for the open ocean?"
"The thought occurred to me."
"And to the Virgans as well."  Reung put his helmet on and continued, "Our smaller and lighter ships managed to get into the open seas, beyond their lines, and most survived their cannon."
"Fishing is able to resume in the harbor because we," she straightened her mouth as she said it, "sacrificed a few of our older vessels as a distraction."
"Food and cargo can ship again."
The ambassador shrugged, "So the blockade is over?"
"Temporarily," Kawan said as she sat on her stool.  "On last sighting, only four Virgan ships were at the bay.  The remainder were pursuing our ships in flight."
"Including ourselves."
Amyand blinked and walked around the officers.  At the rear of the command deck, he raised his hand to cover his eyes and he squinted as he looked south.  "Two ships."
"Yes."  The admiral scratched her thigh through the long edge of her coat.  "A pair of light frigates, it seems.  We were far ahead of them earlier, but they are closing."
The ambassador took a step back from the railing.  "How long do we have?"
Reung answered, "We will be within their cannon range by nightfall."
Jean-Charles walked to the admiral's front and said, "We will not make it to Queenstown with them at our backs."
Both of the officers laughed.  Noi said, "The voyage to Queenstown will take nearly a month, ambassador."  He blinked, apparently not having realized this.  "On last check, our speed was …"
Marc answered for her, "Seven knots."
"With this northerly wind, I suspect that our friends are reaching nine, perhaps ten at times."
"I do not understand 'knots,'" Amyand said.
The captain grunted.  "We are maintaining about thirteen kilometers per hour.  They are between sixteen and eighteen."
Suddenly panicked, the ambassador said, "We do not have long, admiral."
"Fear not, Mr. Amyand," Noi said as she waved her hand.  "Seafire can dispatch two light frigates."
"Only two," Jean-Charles said.
"Yes."
He nodded and paced a little on the command deck.  Marc glanced at the admiral and then said, "Ambassador, perhaps you should retire to your cabin for now.  We will share a dinner in the admiral's stateroom this evening."
Amyand stopped and glanced toward the pursuers.  "I believe you are correct.  Thank you, captain," he bowed toward him, "admiral," he bowed toward her.  "I shall see you this evening."
After the man descended the stairs, Reung shook his head and sat on the stool next to Noi.  "This is the sort of man Leonis sends us?"
Kawan chuckled.  "A man who has known no battles arrived at the start of one.  I am curious as to how he thinks he will help us convince the council."  The younger man nodded and she was surprised at the wealth of emotions that stirred in her chest.  Her throat tightened and she looked up at the thin planks which made up the shelter.  "We must convince them, Marc."
The captain sensed the shift in her mood and said, "We will, yaai."
Noi groaned.  "You did that on purpose."
"Of course, admiral."  She nodded and stood, faltering a little as she did.  She reached down and felt for the straps around her thigh and Reung asked, "Is everything well?"
"Yes."  She walked toward the rear of the command deck, looked at the other two Sukho ships, and asked, "They have their orders?"
"They do."
"Signal the Krasue and the Seuxda."
The captain bowed and walked toward the signals officer at the rigging.  She sorted through a series of colored flags, attached them in sequence to the ropes, and ran them up the command mast.  Moments later, above the sound of the waves, Kawan could hear orders being shouted to her left and right.  Soon, both vessels appeared within her peripheral vision as they slowed.  Their sails had been lowered and they were now turning so they could broadside the pursuing Virgans.
Reung stood beside her and watched through his telescope, but she did not.  Instead, she waited.  Seafire pulled away from her companions and she saw that the Virgans slowed their approach, too.  Some time later, she watched small puffs of smoke from among the distant shapes and seconds afterward heard the softened firing of their cannon.
"Captain," she said, "ensure that we've done all we may to increase our speed."
He saluted with an arm over his chest and said, "Yes, admiral."
Once he was gone, she watched the distant battle and prayed for her sailors.
XIX
AMYAND
1,766 Years After Colonization

"Telly-fie?"
The lieutenant shook her head.  "Tell-e-fy."
"Tell, e, fy," Jean-Charles said.
"Very good," Captain Reung said.  He raised his glass, "To the Thale Fi.  The Seafire."
The group of officers all sipped their wine.  The ambassador let it sit on his tongue for a moment, long enough to determine that it wasn't Leonan but that it was produced in the Leonan manner.
He swallowed and raised his glass again, "Admiral, to the vessels that accompanied and safeguarded our departure."
Noi nodded and held her glass high.  "To the Krasue and Seuxda."
The mood became somewhat somber and the officers drank again.  Amyand faced Reung and asked, "Any word from them?"
"No.  There would not be until we saw them."
An officer Jean-Charles didn't recognize asked, "And our pursuers?" 
"No sign of the Virgans.  Watches have been doubled, should they reappear."  
"Pardon, captain, admiral," Amyand began, "but are we to continue straight on to Queenstown?  Or shall we put in to port along the way?"
"We may require a stop," Reung said.
"At Jeanville-sur-Mer?" the ambassador interjected.
The captain's eyes narrowed and Noi offered, "Ranong."
"Of course.  Pardon.  The name was changed."
"Speed is most important right now," Marc said.  "If we stop, it will not be before we reach Jomon."  The captain smirked and looked at Jean-Charles.  "Tell me, ambassador.  How would you characterize the Virgan blockade and our flight?"
Amyand could see that the young man was expecting hilarity.  Given his nervousness after the battle earlier in the day and his faux pas just now, Jean-Charles wasn't surprised.  He regretted going on deck and appearing so flustered before them all.  "I have had time to consider it, captain, and I would say that the blockade is a perfect metaphor for the state of the Virgan Empire at this point in time."
The admiral's eyes lifted from her soup and she turned to face him.  "In what ways, ambassador?"
"The bulk of the Virgan line was comprised of vessels more than a century old.  The newest vessels they had, as few as they were, are nearly forty years old.  Their numbers were woeful compared to your own and they brought not a single airship to the battle.  We see in those two things alone a sense that the Empire is not expending the same resources in its colonies as they have in the past, and we see that they are arrogant when it comes to their position above those they claim to rule."
Reung almost seemed impressed and he turned to look at Noi.  She asked, "Does Imperial Virgon no longer have the economy they once did?"
"They do not.  The colonies of the Virgan Empire are producing economic returns lower than investment in Virgon itself.  Virgan citizens are paying a substantial sum in taxes for the defense of their Empire, but Boskirk is not receiving the same tributes and taxes from the colonies as they once did.  Their long war with us has drained them and the Parliament of Virgon is weighing more levies, which will only spur more of their people toward rebellion."
The officers appeared emboldened by this, but Kawan wasn't satisfied.  "Tell me, ambassador, how do you know such things?"
"Spycraft is still practiced among the Empires, admiral."  He drank the rest of his wine.  "We have heard.  And do not forget that I was a witness to a revolution of our own."
"Indeed," Reung said as he slurped the last of the soup from his bowl.  "It was a Bloodless Revolution, though.  Here, blood has been spilled, so how does your experience inform you?"
Jean-Charles scowled and slowly formed a smirk.  "I fear 'Bloodless Revolution' is a, eh, misnomer, captain."  He raised his glass and a young steward's mate brought forth a pitcher of wine and refilled it.  He watched the red liquid sparkle in the candlelight and through the crystal goblet.  "No armies were massed.  No emperors seized power.  The Assembly, at the behest of the people, changed the way our government worked."  He sipped the wine and his eyes drifted around the table, landing upon each person as he spoke, "But that was after.  I was there at the beginning.  I was a lord who served in the royal court.  I had heard rumors of young women being brought into his majesty's chambers at all times of the day and night.  Now, King Claude very rarely held an open court and when he did, he never spoke, so I could not imagine him wooing a young woman."  Some of the officers chuckled.  "I thought perhaps these were to find a queen consort, but the women were not of noble lines."  He shook his head and waved his hand, "It mattered not.  Tasked by other lords, I began to spy on his majesty and I saw him for what he truly was."  His gaze went distant and his voice softened, "Mes dieux.  He was, a twisted man.  Without makeup, I saw the sores upon his face and body, eh, his twisted feet.  He gasped for the simplest breath.  I smelled bowls of foul urine extracted by the doctors, and vomit.  His eyes bulged and were downcast."  He cleared his throat and downed the rest of his wine.  "I knew that the king we saw on rare occasion was, eh, a showpiece.  A fiction of the high officials and courtiers.  I saw the grand chamberlain herself pulling a woman toward the king's bedside and she fought bitterly.  I do not blame her.  The chamberlain, she said, 'You must lie with him!'  And the girl only wept."
"There were no heirs?" Noi asked.
"None.  Claude was the last of his line and his health was ever in doubt.  From his youth, he caught any ailment on the wind, and as an adult, it was seemingly the same, though kept from all."
Intrigued, Reung said, "You reported this."
"I did.  Many among the nobles wanted to inform the Assembly, but there were many who wanted to keep silent.  To 'find' an heir to keep the lie alive.  Once it became known, and once it was understood that the high courtiers were the true kings for nearly a century, people took to the streets.  A former chamberlain was killed.  And then," he shrugged, "they targeted the nobility.  Twenty-eight lords and ladies were executed in towns and cities around the world before the Assembly seized power.  The courtiers were imprisoned and the monarchy was cut from our government like, eh, a gangrenous arm."
The captain looked at the admiral and then at the ambassador, "And lords like yourself?  What became of you?"
"Most had their lands and property taken from them as punishment for supporting the aristocratie, the, eh, upper class and crown.  I was no different.  I was spared the public humiliation that many of my comrades endured for I was the one who uncovered the truth and supported telling the people.  I was rewarded by allowing me to maintain my dignity.  And with an ambassadorship.  Your revolution, it appears, is unfolding in a different manner, but the mechanics, I believe, are largely the same."
"How so?" Reung asked.
"Those with the power to make decisions on behalf of either the rebellion or the Empire are of a type.  There are those with honor.  There are those who would fight when the need arises.  There are also those who are cowards and seek to protect only themselves.  And there are those who would seek to enrich only themselves."  He saw the look on the admiral's face and said, "You know the men and women of whom I speak."
"I do."
The steward and her mates emerged and removed the bowls of soup.  Next, they returned with square, wooden plates that contained thin, white noodles, speckled with diced green onions, long, red peppers, and bits of chicken.  
Jean-Charles lifted the utensil sticks next to his plate and began to place them between his fingers.  The young officer to his right reached over to help him.
Noi drank her wine as her plate was presented and said, "Did your king have Johanna's Nose?"
Amyand looked toward her.  "You know of Johanna's Nose?"  The admiral nodded.  He looked down at his fingers as he tried to get the pincer motion of the sticks just right.  "Yes.  All the kings and queens since Queen Johanna have it.  Evidence, I suppose, of danger to come."
Finally, Amyand managed to get a noodle and piece of chicken between the sticks.  As he raised it to his mouth, Noi said, "Many of the worlds would say that incest is a bad thing.  The Leonans, at least, believe it to be relative."
The ambassador paused and looked toward the admiral.  His brow furrowed in thought and the food slipped out from between the sticks.  "Pardon?"
All the officers were stone-still and looked at Noi.  She raised her chin and suppressed a smile.  "Many would not give the Leonan leaders their due.  I, however, would, for they alone among the twelve worlds are able to count the colonies on just their two hands."
Silence.  Jean-Charles held the utensils and looked toward them.  He smiled and began to laugh and, relieved, the other officers did, too.  Amyand was nearly in hysterics as he said, "I have not heard that since I was a boy!"
When the raucous laughter died down, Kawan lifted her glass toward him.  "Ambassador, healing comes with the ability to laugh at our tragedy.  I honor you for the service you have done for your people."
"Thank you, admiral," he beamed as he raised his glass in response.  "And may we never give our descendants need to laugh about what we've done."
Everyone raised their glasses and Noi said, "I hope so."
XX
HOLT
1,766 Years After Colonization

"Repairs completed, captain."
Nathaniel turned to face Regina Palmer, who was standing perfectly still with her fist against her forehead.  "Thank you, master.  Deploy the remainder."
"Aye, sir."
The captain faced north again and spied the Redoubt.  The smaller ship, which was crewed by many of his own people, was more than three kilometers ahead of the Success.  To the starboard side, the mountains and cliffs of the northern portion of the continent were visible beneath the morning's haze.
Holt turned and left the foredeck.  He walked past the guns and Marines and looked at the mizzenmast closely as he ascended the steps to the quarterdeck.  A few days ago, it lay upon the main deck, ensnared by the lines and rigging.  The master and carpenter did a fine job raising it so quickly.
By the wheel, Lieutenant Tate stood behind the coxswain and held a device to her ear.  "Understood.  Send acknowledgements."  She replaced it and closed the signals box.  She nodded toward the captain and said, "Redoubt reports they've sighted Seafire again."  He spun about and looked north again, though they saw nothing at this distance but the masts of Redoubt.  "They are four kilometers ahead of Redoubt and hewing close to the coast."
"How far are we from the strait?"
Alana paused as she thought.  "Twenty kilometers or so.  Certainly she'll not enter the strait."
Holt shook his head.  "I would think not."
Tate held her hands behind her back and took a step toward him.  "Captain."
He looked at her and saw her seriousness.  "Lef-tenant?"
"I again recommend that you signal a request for air support."  
Nathaniel looked toward Redoubt.  "Thank you, lef-tenant, but no.  The Admiralty has made it clear that we are to minimize expenditures, and that includes requests for airships."
"Then signal Perkinston and request additional ships for the pursuit."
He shook his head.  "And have word reach the commodore?"
The lieutenant glanced at the coxswain and then she stepped closer again.  "George," the captain faced her, "if there's a duty to be done, you cannot remain fearful of the old man."
"I am not."
She raised a single eyebrow.  "We are in pursuit of a first-rate Sukho ship-of-the-line.  Two of their frigates nearly dismasted us in a day-long running battle.  We've lost sixteen crew in that battle and the Redoubt thirteen."
"I know the status of our ships."
"Do you now?"  Holt saw even the coxswain glance toward them on hearing the lieutenant's tone.  "Redoubt lost the top portion of their foremast and we our entire mizzenmast.  We've only just now resumed full sail after days of repair."
"Lef-tenant," he pulled her arm and drew her across the quarterdeck, "your voice carries."
"As well it should, captain."  She stood at attention and continued, "If that is the Seafire and if it carries Admiral Noi, do you believe that Success and Redoubt are all that is needed to stop them?"  As he paused, she said, "And that you are fit to stop her?"
Anger boiled in him and he flexed his fingers behind his back.  With a tremor, he shook his head several times and grumbled, "That is all, lef-tenant."
"Aye, sir."  She didn't leave.
He looked up at her and saw the smirk on her face.  He felt the rage deflating and asked, "Why is someone as averse to authority as you still a member of the Royal Navy?"
"None else would have me, captain."
"That I believe.  You've the bollocks to be a captain now."
"Thank you."
"Had you not been found as a third lef-tenant in the powder room, letting another have his way with you, …"
"Captain, I must protest.  It was I who was having my way with him."
Holt almost laughed, but he stopped himself.  "At any rate.  You were reduced to midshipman and I advanced in your stead.  If you hadn't done that, …"
She tilted her head.  "So you owe your career to my libido."
Nathaniel looked north toward Redoubt again.  "I suppose I do."
"Then you are welcome."  She walked to his side and looked after their sister ship.  "He'll reach her first."
"I will order Goodwin to slow his approach so we may do so together."
"Wise.  She's altered her course nearer the coast."  
"Matching Seafire."  He looked toward the coxswain and said, "To starboard.  Fall in behind Redoubt and ride the coast north."
"Aye, captain!" the young man cried as he turned the wheel.
For the next hour, they moved closer and closer to the northern part of Sukho.  Mountains and sheer cliff walls rose above them and blocked sight of the east.  Ahead, the end of the ridge could be seen and there lay the Toppu Strait where Redoubt now sailed.
The bell in the signals box rang and Holt removed the cover.  He lifted the tube to his face and said, "Captain."
"Signals, captain!  We've received a message from Redoubt but we cannot make it out!"
He tried to look around the sails and rigging to the vessel not terribly far away.  "Try to raise them."
"Aye, captain!"
He replaced the device and cover and ran from the quarterdeck to the forecastle.  He found Tate already there with her telescope raised.  "She's in trouble."
"They just tried to signal." He brought a scope to his eye and looked ahead.  "The message was …"
"They're listing."
"I see."  He looked across Redoubt's masts and saw loose sheets, flapping wildly.  The top portion of the main mast dangled in rigging.  "The wind."
"From the strait?" Alana asked.
"Yes.  Damn it, Goodwin.  How did he not account for the crosswind?"
The lieutenant lowered her scope and said, "It must have been sudden and severe."  She looked at the mountains, "These high cliffs and hills would do it."
"We don't have much time."  He turned and looked across main deck.  He saw Palmer and shouted, "Master!  Prepare for high winds!  Tack to port and reef the sheets!"
"Aye, sir!  Reef the sheets!" she yelled and the deckhands sprang into action.  Several climbed the shrouds and rigging where they began to loosen and then roll the sails against the spars and masts, preventing them from catching any wind.
Holt and Tate walked to the quarterdeck and found the coxswain steering the craft to the west.  The signals box rang again and he answered it.  "Captain."
"Redoubt, sir!  They report damage from high winds and recommend preparations be made!"
"Acknowledged."
"They also report that Seafire was buffeted by the winds and gained speed."
Nathaniel rubbed his thumb against the side of his forefinger until it made a rough noise.  "Acknowledged.  Out." 
As he put the receiver back in the box, the lieutenant asked, "Seafire has been accelerated by the wind, I suppose?"
"You heard."
"No."  The captain looked at her and Alana said, "It is what I would have done.  Knowing that mine was the slower ship being pursued and that my ship could handle high winds more easily …"
Holt sighed and wrung his hands.  "I should have put you on the Redoubt."
"Thank you again, sir."
"A four-masted ruxy," Nathaniel began, "in high winds.  Would you guess ten knots or more?"
"I would.  We would be fortunate to rig ourselves the same without taking further damage."
They were silent for a minute as Success entered the strait and the winds blew over them.  Two midshipmen lost their hats, but Holt and Tate were holding theirs in place.  Ropes and flags whipped violently and metal connectors and chains clicked against the wood.  The waves churned beneath them and the vessel was now steering to the northwest. 
After the gusts calmed, he shouted, "Master!  Shake them out!"
"Aye, captain!"  Palmer ran between the masts, ordering the crews to slowly and carefully release the sails so they could gain speed again.  
Off their starboard side, the captain and lieutenant saw Redoubt.  Crews scurried over their decks and carpenters pounded on several broken spars while others climbed about with new ropes to replaced snapped rigging.  Success passed them quickly and, standing on the quarterdeck, they spied Captain Goodwin.  He was at attention and saluting.  Nathaniel and Alana returned the gesture and then began to walk toward the foredeck.  There, looking out beyond the bow, both peered through their telescopes and spied on the distant horizon a small dark spot.  
Holt smiled and lowered the scope.  Clasping his hands behind his back, he said, "The chase is now ours."
XXI
NOI
1,766 Years After Colonization

Kawan sat at her table and stared at the map.  The world was spread before her and she felt only ill at ease staring at it.  She saw Virgan military stations.  Virgan patrol routes.  Then she looked toward places she might consider to be friendly or at least sympathetic to their cause.  Those were far fewer.
She glanced to her left at the most recent communiques from the other chiefs and leaders.  The daejang kept his message brief.  "I regret to inform you that the council of Dangun has decided to withhold our ships from the effort at this time."
"Admiral."
She looked up at the closed door.  "Enter."
Captain Reung stepped inside and she saw he was wearing his helmet.  "The Virgans."
"The strait did not dissuade them?"
"It did not."
She stood from the desk and hobbled toward the end.  She tapped her right foot on the floor a few times until everything felt firm, then she straightened and lifted her chestpiece from the back of a chair.  "Distance?"
"On the horizon at about five kilometers, but closing."
"One or both?"  She pulled the armor over her head and arranged the black cape around her back.
"One.  For now."  Noi nodded and picked her metal helmet off the table.  Her gaze hovered on the map and Marc asked, "This again?"
"This still."
Reung shook his head.  "'Don't spill blood until after the raven's flown by.'"
Kawan narrowed her eyes and looked at him.  "If we're to quote proverbs at each other, I'll say, 'See to your crops even when your plate is full.'"
"Admiral," he took a step toward her, "I request permission to speak."
Noi's eyebrows raised.  He's never asked before.  "Speak."
"I fear you dwell overlong on bringing all the rebels together."
"How so?"
"Sukho needs you.  The mayors of our cities have said so.  We lost a portion of our navy in the blockade, but what of the weeks and months ahead?  What are we to do?"
She gripped her wide belt.  "If Sukho is to survive the vise of the Virgans, we cannot do so on our own."
"We cannot expend all our days trying to incite rebellion all around the world …"
"No, we cannot.  But it must be done."  Reung went quiet and seemed embarrassed.  "There is an expediency here.  The Virgan grip tightens and we all feel it.  Soon, we will be too choked to fight it.  We must all unite in arms.  Together, we may win against the Empire."
Marc glanced toward the door.  "And the ambassador?"
"If we are all united, and if we have Leonis on our side, then our chances are doubled."
Reung bowed and brought his right fist into his left palm.  "Apologies, admiral."
"Do not apologize, captain."  She put her hand on his shoulder, "Let us see to our pursuer."
They climbed the steps and emerged in the lower part of Seafire's tower.  They climbed again and again until they reached the top, the command deck.  Under the shelter, they looked southeast and spotted the Virgan frigate on the horizon.
"They've the wind at their backs," Reung said.  "Closer than they were."
Noi wrung the leather of her belt.  "Time until weapons range?"
"One hour.  Perhaps a little more."
Like a distant cannon, they all heard thunder.  The officers turned and looked northwest at the dark clouds which stretched toward due west.  Glimpses of light rippled across their billows and the horizon beneath them was hazy through a veil of rain.
Marc said, "Shall we adjust our course due north?  We can stay ahead of it."
"No.  Set for the heart of the storm."  
Reung and the other officers looked at her in surprise.  "Admiral?"
"Once we are obscured, we will alter course and make for Port Richard."
The captain looked toward his executive officer and said, "Make it so."
"Aye, captain!"  She saluted and ran from the command deck.
"Admiral," Marc said, "why do we not fight them?  Why risk the storm?"
"We could fight them and be victorious, captain."  Noi sat in her chair and turned it to face south.  "They may strike with good luck."
"How so?  With a hit on our powder magazine?"
"They might."
Reung chuckled, "Very unlikely, admiral."
"I've seen it happen.  And so have you."
"The chances are very low."
"Very.  But this may not be our day.  Perhaps the gods are on their side."
"If they are, then may they be damned."
Her head whipped toward him and she hissed, "Hubpak!"  He lowered his head in admonishment.  "We will survive the storm.  The Virgans may not.  We would likely survive a battle with them, but there is a chance …"  She took a deep breath and continued, "Our mission and our passenger are too important."
XXII
AMYAND
1,766 Years After Colonization

The ship rocked and rocked.  Jean-Charles had spent fifteen minutes picking things up from the floor and putting them back on the tables and shelves, only for the ship to heave and cast everything off again.  Finally, as his queasiness began to overwhelm him, he glanced at the floor and said, "Fraque."
He lay on his bed and stared at the wooden ceiling, willing the discomfort to leave him, but it wouldn't.  The walls and decks creaked and he could swear he heard the sound of dripping water.  Flashes of lightning played across the walls of his cabin and thunder crashed immediately outside.  He turned onto his stomach, thinking that if it were pressed into the mattress, it might prove to be some sort of relief.  It wasn't.  His dizziness abated, though, with his face firmly planted in the pillow and his eyes filled with only the natural blackness.  He remained in this position for some time until he heard a report of thunder that was not thunder.
He opened his eyes and felt the lids brush against the cotton of his pillowcase.  He wondered if he had misheard.  Perhaps it was only thunder.  The answer came when the cannon in the tower above his head began to fire.  The entire cabin shook and knocked what few things had remained on their shelves off.  He plugged his fingers in his ears but the noise was still incredible.  As the cannon fire became repeated barrages, he screamed into the pillow and found that he could barely hear his own voice.  The ship roiled in the waves and the walls quaked with the attack.  He felt rumbles through even the mattress as Seafire was hit with enemy shot.  To the ambassador, it seemed as though the battle was lasting for hours, though it had only been fifteen minutes.  
The cabin shook again, but unlike anything before.  It felt as if something had hit the side of the ship and he heard enemy cannon beyond his small window.  As he wondered if he should turn and look, a Virgan round fired through Seafire's hull, knocking the window from the wall and showering him with splinters and debris.  Again, Amyand screamed only for him to then be sprayed with water from both the sea and sky.
After a few moments, he looked toward the wall and saw the meter-wide hole there.  His lantern had been destroyed and water cascaded into the room from above and below.  The Virgan ship, thankfully, was not visible.  Cannon above him fired again but he was not fazed as he looked along his body for injury.  He turned his torso and most of the splinters fell onto the bed or floor.  Two long bits of wood, however, appeared to be lodged in his side, one at his midsection and the other at his hip.  Gently, he slid his legs out of bed and onto the wet floor.  His shoes slipped in the water and he groaned in pain as his leg nearly went out from under him.  He made it to the door of his cabin and looked down at the splinters.  They were still in place.  He opened the door and walked through the short passage and then upstairs to the main deck.  When he opened the next door, he saw the chaos beyond.
The sky was awash in gray, with dark, black clouds high above.  The partially lowered red sails were illuminated from behind with great flashes of lightning.  Deckhands manned the masts and rigging; some of them were lashed in place.  Marines tried to steady themselves along the high walls of the deck and there was no shortage of bodies there.  At least thirty Sukho men and women lay in the water on the deck as wooden shards and sheared ropes washed against them.  Jean-Charles wiped the rain from his eyes and looked again.  He saw that there were only about ten Picans down; the remainder were Virgan Redshirts.  He looked to the starboard side and saw the holes created by cannon.  He now believed they had been boarded when the Virgans crashed into them.  He looked up the high tower toward the command deck but couldn't see it, so he began his ascent.
Each level of the tower was full of cannon and their guncrews.  Officers ordered the loading and unloading and aimed the great weapons as young men and women loaded shells and caps.  A cannon fired near him and he fell to one knee in shock and terror.  The concussive force of the last pushed his clothes against him and felt like a slap across the face.  His ears pounded with pain, moreso than before and more than he thought possible.  He removed one hand from his head to place on the deck, palm down, to get a sense of stability.  The ship was still rocking in the water, however, and when the next shot was fired, the wood vibrated violently and he slapped his hand against the side of his head again.  After a moment, the ambassador struggled to his feet and he launched himself up the stairs.  A powdergirl nearly knocked the ambassador over as she descended to get more supplies for her crew.  He continued up and up, more cannon fired with their blasts knocking him into the rail.  Finally, he emerged on the command deck and saw that the shelter had been hit.  
The ship tilted to port and Amyand grabbed the handrail as tightly as he could.  He saw the captain barking orders to subordinates through a voice tube and he believed he saw the admiral standing by the stern of the deck, without her helmet, also holding onto a rail tightly.  
Jean-Charles staggered across the wet, swaying deck toward them and he saw with horror that Noi had lost her leg.  He shouted, "Mes dieux!  Admiral?!"
Kawan turned toward him and her wet hair whipped across her face and neck.  "Ambassador!  Why are you here?!"
"Your leg!"
"It was lost years ago," she looked at him and saw the red soaking through his white shirt and pants.  "What about you?"
"They shot a hole into my cabin."  Captain Reung ran to his side to hold him up.  "I have some splinters in me."
"Why didn't you remove them?" Marc asked.
"I should leave that for the doctor, no?"
"Commander!" Reung called to his executive officer, "get the ambassador to the surgeon!"
"Aye sir!"
As the woman took his arm, Amyand realized the cannon had stopped firing.  "Are we free of them?"
"We appear to be."  
They descended the stairs to the main deck.  The gray sky had given way to a warming yellow and he smiled, knowing they would be out of the storm in a few moments.
XXIII
HOLT
1,766 Years After Colonization

"May the Lords of Kobol continue to bless us, captain."
Nathaniel saluted the tall form of his executive officer.  "Indeed, Captain Goodwin.  Good fortune and safe journey to Tsurugu."
"And to you."  He turned toward Redoubt and walked over the bridge between the two ships.  Once there, the deckhands of Success withdrew the planks and rigging and a boatswain sounded the arrival of the captain with his whistle.  Unmoored from each other, men and women stood by with long poles to push off, but wind caught the unfurling sails of Redoubt and the ship was soon on its way.
Holt looked back at his deck and saw the ongoing repairs.  Carpenters had finished most of the woodwork and painters were now blending the new bits of wall and hull with the old.  The yeoman of the sheets himself was in the shrouds shouting orders to the men above as they affixed lines to the new spars.  He looked at his own hands and saw them reddened and scraped.  For the last few days, he had worked to assist in every aspect of the repairs.  And he felt good.
His back ached as he straightened and walked across the upper deck to the gunports on the starboard side.  There, he found Alana, examining a damaged cannon with the yeoman of the powder.
"The bore is warped, lef-tenant," the yeoman said as she ran her dirty finger along its circumference.  "I wouldna risk firin' it again."
"Captain?" Tate deferred.
Nathaniel nodded.  "As you say, yeoman.  Have you a spare?"
"I do, but it's the last of the five-kilos."  She stood and brushed her hands on her dark pants.  "If another's lost, I've only three-kilos to use instead."
"Carry on, yeoman."  She saluted and went toward the stairs.  "Status, lef-tenant?"
"The master says we'll be fit for sail within the next few hours.  Still intent on Port Richard?"
"We've a need for supplies and I've no doubt the admiral has, too."  He rolled his shoulders and winced as pain flashed throughout the motion.  "Between either Port Richard or Tsurugu, I am certain we will spot Seafire again."
"As you say, captain."  Alana looked up into the sails and watched the men and women move high above.  "And if Seafire continues north?  Or even west?"
"Where would she sail?" Holt asked.  "Queenstown?  A Virgan stronghold?"  He shook his head.  "And they'll not go west so near Perkinston.  Either our fleet would find them or Shan pirates would."
"Might she have doubled back?"  The lieutenant glanced at the signals box on the quarterdeck.  "Has the blockade been reformed?"
"I've not heard."  He clasped his hands behind his back despite the soreness.  
"You've not heard from the commodore at all?  In nearly two weeks?"
"I have not."
She smirked and looked away.  "I see."
He was too tired to engage with her now.  "I'll be in my cabin."  He walked away as she protested and the captain interrupted, "I will see you at dinner."

After having bathed and briefly napped, Nathaniel put on the cleanest uniform he still had and ordered the steward's mates to enter and reconfigure the room for the evening's meal.  Within a minute, the captain's effects had been stowed and his desk extended into a full dining table.  Plates and utensils were set.  Glasses and serving dishes.  Candles and decanters.  Chairs were arrayed along the sides and the steward summoned the rest of the officers to attend.
Wine was poured into the goblets and the men and women chatted among themselves.  Holt was quiet, though, thinking of all that had transpired in the last few days.  The storm.  The unexpected battle.  The deaths and lost Marines.  Once he saw a steward pour wine into the last of the empty glasses, the captain stood and raised his glass.  He surveyed the table and saw Alana Tate, his old friend and temporary executive.  Master Regina Palmer.  The yeomen of the sheets and powder.  The captain of the Marines.  The doctor.  Two lieutenants who distinguished themselves in action the other day, and a pair of midshipmen who did the same.  And Coxswain Bridger, the young woman who managed to steer the craft free of Seafire and the storm.
"To the finest crew in the Royal Navy," Holt said as the rest of the diners raised their glasses.  "To those in this room, those without, and those we have lost."  Palmer stood from her chair and the others followed suit.  "To Success."
"To Success!" they responded and sipped the wine.
They sat again and the stewards began to serve the first course of the meal, a creamy fish soup.  Nathaniel was nearly put off by the smell but he looked toward the younger members of the officers present.  The teen midshipmen marveled at the dish and tucked into it heartily.  Reminded of his own reaction at times as a youngster, he lifted his spoon and did the same.
"If we're all here," the master began, "then who has the watch?"
"Lef-tenant Nelson," a third lieutenant answered.
"Gods above.  If young Nelson has the wheel, we'll end up in Boskirk."  Most at the table laughed uproariously, but Holt was wary of a senior officer stigmatizing a younger one.  
He looked at the lieutenants and midshipmen at the end of the long table.  Wide-eyed and innocent.  So young and yet not.  "You there," he called, "Lef-tenant Reed."  The teen looked toward the captain in shock, her cheeks bulging with partially chewed bread.  "You cast the wheels off your cannon and fired up into that ruxy's masts."  He laughed and raised his glass.  "My eyes were filled with the wind and water, but I still saw the mizzen sail fall thanks to your aim.  Here, here."  The rest of the officers echoed the chant and raised their glasses toward her.  She looked down in embarrassment.  "Now.  Where did you learn such a thing?"
She swallowed and then cleared her throat.  "From Captain Scott, sir.  I served aboard the Stately until just last year."
"So you've a habit of listening to your superiors and committing their words to memory?"
"I do, sir."
He smiled and said, "Commendable."  The older men and women at the table chuckled.  
"If I may, captain," the captain of the Marines said as he raised his glass.  Holt nodded and the older man looked at the teen boy across from him.  "Midshipman Wilkinson.  His quick alarm and orders saved many of my men as they bravely tried to storm the enemy."
"Here, here," the others said.
Wilkinson looked down and muttered, "I wasn't quick enough.  Some of the Marines still went over."
"Now, now," the captain of the Marines said, "you cannot fault yourself.  You did your best and the men followed my orders."  He straightened and nodded.  "That's my pain to bear.  Not yours."
"Quite," Nathaniel said.  "Mr. Wilkinson, all of you.  There is a lesson that comes with command and it unfortunately is bought with blood.  The lesson includes humility, and it includes acceptance."  He heard Tate sigh to his left and he looked at her briefly.  She flicked her spoon in her soup before she pushed it away.  "Acceptance, especially, of things which you cannot control."
"Captain," Wilkinson asked with his head lowered to the table so he could see the head, "you served with Commodore Matthews, did you?"
Holt glanced again at Alana and saw that she was still lost in thought.  He smiled and said, "I did.  Some years ago, both myself and Lef-tenant Tate served under him on the Formidable."
"And how did you find him, sir?"
The lieutenant rolled her eyes toward the captain.  Holt deliberately sipped his wine and swallowed it before saying, "He ruled as he saw fit, and firmly.  Even in harshness there are lessons to be learned.  Now, my next commander, Captain Beatty, was far kinder but no less instructive.  From her I learned the true benefits of teaching vessels like Success."
"Captain," the ship's doctor began, "why are Success and Redoubt the only vessels in pursuit of Seafire?  Why not our faster vessels or aircraft?"
"The commodore did not believe that Seafire had escaped Pailyn when we set out, so he left the task to myself alone."  He drank more wine as the stewards took away the soup. 
"We know it to be Seafire for sure," Palmer said.  "We saw the Sukho name in the storm."
"Indeed, and I have so informed Perkinston."
As fresh plates were brought out, the doctor asked, "The commodore has not responded?  Are we not to get a ship with an engine in the chase?  Or airships?"
"He has not, and we are not."
"With an airship or two," Tate said, "the chase would be over."  She looked at Holt and added, "And that would be a shame."
"It would be, personally, but for the good of the fleet and Picon, I concur that such a commitment would be advisable."
The new, smaller plates were hot and they bubbled along the rim of the ceramic.  Virgan rarebit: a cheese sauce poured over toast made from the finest bread available and baked until the rich cheese became a golden yellow and brown.  The fried egg on top drew audible gasps from a few of those in attendance who had rarely seen such extravagance.
Holt smiled and said, "The last of our stores' supply of eggs.  A special meal for special people."  He raised his fork and tore a piece of egg and bread away from the cheese, which left viscous trails back to the dish.  He sucked in air as the heat hit his tongue and the flavors warmed him.
"No airships," Alana said as she poked the yolk of the egg.  Yellow dribbled onto the cheese and she added, "No Defiant."
"We will make do, as we always have."  He speared another piece of bread drenched in sauce.
"The point being, captain, we shouldn't have to."  She looked away from him toward the master and yeomen.  "Virgon has actual battleships in space, yet Success, as much as I love her, is an antique.  As is Redoubt.  As are most of the ships here.  In days of old, there would have been no need for a blockade of Pailyn because our ships would have bombarded the pirates from orbit.  The Royal Navy is simply not making its presence in the colonies a priority as they once did."
His grip tightened on the fork until he was holding it in a fist.  Nathaniel looked at Tate and said, "The Navy and the Admiralty are doing all that they might."
"I am certain.  Truly, I am."
Holt nodded and he relaxed.  He looked across the table and saw the confused expressions on the young officers.
"The Admiralty may only work with what they are given, and, lately, they are given little."
"Lef-tenant," Palmer whispered.
"For more than two centuries, Virgon has tried to change the nature of Aquarion so we might claim it fully.  For naught, thus far."  Nathaniel's anger returned.  "Petrus has spent millions to build his palace of gold and marble while his people starve and work …"
"Lef-tenant!" the captain of the Marines stood and barked.  "I will not hear such slander against the crown or Prince Peter!"
"Quite right!"  Holt stood and scowled at Alana.  "Lef-tenant!  Your wages for the past month are hereby garnished!"  Her mouth fell open and she started to speak.  "And you are confined to your quarters, except when you are on duty, until the end of this pursuit!"
Tate threw her cloth napkin onto the table, glared at the captain, and walked out of the cabin.  Both men sat again and the meal continued, in silence.  Holt picked at the toasted cheese and at the pork and pudding that came later, but he had lost his appetite.

He was nearly finished writing in his log when he heard a knock at the door.  "Enter."  In the low light from his lantern, he saw Alana step before him.  She was in uniform, though disheveled, and without her hat.  "Lef-tenant, I confined you to quarters."
"George, …"
"No!"  He stood from his chair and walked around the table to her.  "No longer."
She nodded and looked straight ahead, standing at full attention.  "Captain.  I wanted to offer my apologies to you and the officers with whom we dined.  I was out of line."
"'Out of line,' indeed."  He turned and felt a return of nervous energy and anger.  He stalked toward the windows and then back to her.  "Why did you say those things?"
"Before dinner, I had visited the sickbay and seen the wounded.  I despaired and began to feel that more could have been done to prevent their wounding and deaths."  Nathaniel sighed and looked away.  "I laid blame upon those in command over us all."
"As I heard."
She broke her attention stance and turned to look into his eyes.  "I took advantage of our relationship and spoke freely.  Too freely."
"You did.  In the presence of young midshipmen and lef-tenants whom I am tasked with teaching the ways of the Navy!"  He saw genuine regret in her face.  "Perhaps it was folly for me to have such a friend with me upon my first command."
She seemed wounded and looked toward the floor.  "I hope not 'folly,' captain."
"Perhaps not.  But more a trouble than I need, nonetheless."  He stood before her again and said, "Return to your quarters, lef-tenant."
Alana straightened and saluted, "Aye, captain."
XXIV
NOI
1,766 Years After Colonization

"Is this enough?" Amyand asked.
The admiral saw the stack of bronze coins in his hand.  "That would be enough to feed the entire crew."
The ambassador looked from his hand to the wide eyes of the vendor.  "Then it will be my gift.  My thanks."  
He gave the woman the coins and she bowed repeatedly, "Thank you, good sir.  Thank you."  She clapped her hands and waved to her family members, who immediately began bringing small thatch cages of fowl to the table.  Noi stared at them for a long while for they were all dirty and wore tattered clothes.
A peasant's life, even in a busy port.
Kawan stepped toward Jean-Charles and said, "This is not necessary."
"I know, but you have sacrificed much for me and my safety."  He began to count the small birds.  "Does your chef have enough room in his, eh, pantry for so many?"
With a grin, she answered, "He will make room."  She snapped her fingers and a few guards stepped forward to gather the cages.  "How are your wounds?"
He patted the side of his hip.  "Well, thank you."  They began to walk away from the vendor and the ambassador looked across the seaside of Port Richard.  It was a small town where the docks made up most of the real estate.  Markets lined the wooden paths and homes dotted the slight hills that looked over the ocean.  On the crest of the only paved road in sight, a company of local soldiers stood watch.  They wore distinctive black uniforms and pointed caps.  "And the people here?"  Noi didn't have to look.  She knew he had seen the soldiers.  "Might they notify the Virgans?"
"They may."
"Do they have no such sympathies for your cause?"
"Unfortunately, our history gives the people of Jomon plenty of reason for caution."
"Even though your rebels and theirs are now united against the Virgans?"
The admiral looked toward the Seafire, moored at the end of the longest dock.  She gripped the head of her gnarled-wood cane tighter and tried not to answer him as she squinted in the early light for some signal from the ship.  She saw none.
"If I might ask, admiral," Amyand began, "something has weighed on me since the storm."
Kawan looked back at him.  "Ask."
"Your leg."  She chuckled.  "I was stunned when I saw you without it on deck.  As though it had been blown clean off with a cannonball."
"Near enough."  She saw one of Seafire's carts rolling away from the vendor, loaded with the meat for their meals.
"Is that how it was taken?  In battle?"
She sighed as they walked back toward their vessel.  "Of a sort.  The only battle I've lost."
"I see."
"Twenty years ago, on that very ship," she pointed toward Seafire, "when I served as her executive officer, I gave birth to a daughter, Sunan."
"I did not know you had children," Jean-Charles said.
"I do not.  She was premature and she did not survive until we made port."
"Mes dieux."  He removed his hat and held it against his chest.  "Pardon, admiral."
"No need."  She raised her head and looked at the bare masts of her home.  Doing so, she found, quelled the hollow pain that she still felt many years later.  "Some days after the birth, I developed an issue.  A blood clot in my leg.  On the day my Sunan died, the surgeon who removed her from me removed my leg also."  The grief grew sharper and stabbed at her.  Again, she made the old, painful connection in her thoughts, I lost two parts of myself that day.
"Horrible.  I am pleased, though, to see that you were not daunted."
"We have a saying, 'There is always the sea.'"  The ambassador nodded as he considered it.  
Noi walked toward the ship and she allowed the tip of her cane to thunk loudly onto the planks in rhythm with her steps.  She found the cadence pleasing to her ears and the feeling of the cool sea air on her face helped calm the emotions stirred by the remembrances of so long ago.  By the planks leading up to the hatches of Seafire, she watched the deckhands and stewards load supplies on board.  She then spied Captain Reung descending toward them.  Kawan looked at Amyand who now wiped beads of sweat from his forehead.  She had wanted to tell him the truth of their predicament on Picon, but with time wasting, she cursed herself for the lost opportunity.
"Admiral," Reung said.  "A message from a fishing vessel.  They've spotted one of the Virgans making for Port Richard."
She nodded.  "How far?"
"Forty kilometers south."
"Sound the bells and set sail at once."  The captain saluted and ran back up the plank.
"Forty kilometers," Jean-Charles repeated.  "How did you receive such a message?"
As bells rang aboard Seafire, Noi faced him and said, "Wireless transmitters."
Confused, the ambassador's mouth fell open and he said, "Pardon, but I believed that you did not use such devices."
"I do not broadcast with them, but we still listen."
Aboard the ship, Kawan walked up the steps of the tower and emerged on the command deck.  There, she saw Captain Reung and other officers relaying orders below, by shouting or by voice tubes.  "Status."
Marc faced her and said, "All are nearly back on board.  Sails are being raised," Noi turned and saw the red sheets being pulled up the masts, "and we will have a few hours' time ahead of them."
"They are coming to port, captain.  Not for us, I believe, but for their own needs."
Reung nodded.  "Likely, but they will ask about us and they may cut their stay short to resume the chase."
"If the locals reveal that we were here."  Kawan looked back toward the vendors along the seaside.  
Reung's executive officer said, "These locals would not speak so freely to Virgans, I think."
"But what of the harbormaster and his logs?" the captain asked.
Noi faced the small building at the center of the docks.  "Go there now with your purse.  Bribe him as best as you might."  The woman saluted and ran toward the stairs.
"And what of our course?"  Marc pulled a thick cloth chart up from a table under the command deck's shelter.  "Where might we go that is free of Virgans between here and our destination?"
Her eyes scanned the coast and saw nothing appealing.  She then looked toward the water and saw a few dots.  "We will sail northwest."  Her finger traced a path.  "Twilight Isles."
Reung's brow furrowed and he asked, "Are you certain?"
She said, "I am," and she smiled.
XXV
AMYAND
1,766 Years After Colonization

The sun was setting and an eerie quiet settled over everyone aboard.  The ambassador stood on the level beneath the command deck, alongside a pair of long cannon and the guncrews who knelt by them.  With one arm wrapped around a post, he leaned over the edge and looked into the sea.  
Earlier today when Seafire first approached the Twilight Isles, they saw how shallow the water was, how near the sea floor became.  The water was crystal clear and a blue to rival that of the sky.  Then, as they drew nearer, the sands eroding from this chain of small atolls clouded the water, shielding the sea beneath from the sun.  It was in the twilight under the waves where the admiral placed her faith.
The commander of Seafire ordered all quiet as dusk approached and raised the stabilizing leeboards from the water.  The men and women deckhands, officers, sailors, and soldiers appeared tense and ready to break.  Their eyes were wide and they looked over the side or through a port at any great slap of water against the hull.  They glared at any fellow crewman who dropped a pile of rope too loudly.  More than four hundred people crammed into this reux and none made a sound.  They had all heard the tales.
Jean-Charles looked into the south.  The Virgan ships were there, both of them, and they had been closing on them for the last two days.  They had apparently been delayed somewhat at port, but they were now just six kilometers away though still out of weapons range.  Amyand walked up to the command deck and there found Noi facing aft toward the pursuers.
"Admiral," he said, quietly.  A lieutenant looked at him harshly but he walked to her side and whispered, "I do not understand a great many things."
Kawan laughed despite the silence.  "It pleases me to hear you say so."
Jean-Charles smiled.  "I had hoped to lighten the mood.  It has been dreadful since we reached these islands."
"For good reason."
"Do these islands have some means to dispatch the Virgans?"
"Not the islands.  What lies beneath."
The ambassador blinked and looked over the railing toward the ocean, but he was distracted by what he saw on the stern deck.  There, Reung was quietly instructing a few gunner's mates on the preparation of special shells.  He saw them slathering the iron balls with some sort of viscous substance and setting them aside.  "What is the captain doing?"
"Coating our explosive shot and fuses with fi heniyw oil.  It burns in water.  Soon, we will begin dropping the occasional shot into the ocean until we are free of the Isles."
He stared into the clouded ocean.  "You mean to disturb something that lurks in the sea."
She was still staring at the distant enemy sails.  "I do."
As he shook his head, "Forgive me, admiral, but again, I am confused.  Yours is the mightiest vessel of the Sukho.  You have hundreds under your command and dozens of cannon, yet we continue to flee this pair of small frigates.  Why?"  For days, he had wondered this and he sensed that the admiral was hiding something, but she would not let him see beyond her façade, save for the occasional jokes or ribbing.
She tightened her grip on the railing and said, "Do you recall what I said to you as we departed Pailyn when you mourned all that was lost on your account?"
He said, "You told me I was too full of myself."
"It is possible that I was in error."
"Mes dieux."  Amyand put his hand over his heart.  "I am honored to hear it."
"I only mean to say that we avoid fighting because you are too valuable to us.  To our cause.  Our battle in the storm a week ago."  She tapped the handle of her cane against the balustrade.  "Were you not in your bunk cowering from the noise, …"
"Perhaps not 'cowering,'" he interjected.
"You may have lost your head as easily as I lost my leg that day."  She tapped her foot with the point of her cane.  "It was my good leg, too.  This one itches too much.  Still, you may have been killed and this would have been for naught."
"I see, admiral.  Thank you."
"And even if you were not killed, then perhaps the Virgans would know that we collude with Leonis.  So, you see, battle is a risk to this vessel and this crew, though I know both are more than capable.  Were you not aboard, then those Virgans would be at the bottom of the sea.  We must avoid such risks so long as you are with us."
"Oui.  Merci."  Again, Jean-Charles looked down at Reung who now had some sort of torch in his hand.  "And what of this?  What risk does this bring us?"
"We merely disturb the water and summon them.  They will flee the noise for a time, but when they return, angered, we will be out of the area and hopefully drawn to our pursuers.  Thanks to their deeper keels and, perhaps, the sound of their cannon."
"So we will not see what rises?"
Noi shook her head.  "Pray you do not."  
She looked down at the captain and tapped her cane on the railing loudly.  Reung looked up, met her eyes, and nodded.  He brought the torch to one of the prepared explosives as it sat on the pan of a shovel.  The mate holding it quickly dropped the fireball into the ocean.  It glowed briefly and sank.  Anticipating the noise, Amyand plugged his ears.
"It does not burn so quickly," the admiral said.  He barely heard her yet he removed his fingers.  A minute later, it exploded with a dull, muffled sound and a small plume of seawater churned up.
"I expected more," the ambassador said with some measure of disappointment.
"It will be enough."
As the crew dropped another flaming shot into the water, he asked, "How much longer will we do this?"
"Until we are free of the Isles.  Another three hours or more, should our supply of oil endure."  Noi looked at her aide and asked, "Khun mi hrux my?"
The lieutenant saluted.  "Yes, admiral."
"Raise it."  The woman departed and Kawan again faced south toward the ships.  She smiled broadly and raised her chin high.  
Amyand studied her and saw the confidence, but he could not help feeling wary.  A moment later, she turned and looked up the tall mainmast.  He followed her gaze and saw there the seven-meter-long black pennant with its golden dragon.  The admiral's standard.
"I feel certain that they will not be giving chase for much longer," Noi said.  "Before they leave us, I want them to know who has beaten them."
XXVI
HOLT
1,766 Years After Colonization

Nathaniel lowered the scope and felt something primal in his belly.  It was like a hunger, but he did not crave food.  After days of chasing her since the port cities, she was within his sight, and she responded with that?
"What are they doing?"
"Look to the mainmast."
Tate shifted the angle of her telescope.  "So.  She no longer hides."
"No longer, indeed."  Holt looked to the starboard and saw Redoubt in formation with them just one hundred meters distant.  He had gotten over his anger at Goodwin for so explicitly following his captain's orders.  From Tsurugu, Redoubt could have cut off Seafire's escape, but Holt had told him days before to hold position until Success could join them.  That's what he did and the admiral managed to get far ahead.
"Did you notice they have stowed their leeboards?"
"No."
"What do you think they are doing?"  The lieutenant continued to watch the distant Sukho sailors dropping balls of fire into the ocean.  "Explosives, certainly.  We see the disturbance afterward."
The captain sighed, impatient.  "Are we certain there's no port along these islands?"
"Yes.  The ground is too unstable.  The sea floor is too shallow."
"To our port.  It falls precipitously to our starboard."  Holt shook his head.  "What is here?"
"I spoke with Master Palmer earlier," Tate said.  "She knew of these islands."
"What about them?"
She smirked and quoted, "'Here there be dragons.'"
"So this is the place."
"Many seamen have heard the tales, too.  Some are even fearful."
Holt ignored her and slammed his fist against his leg.  "Where is she going?"
"North."
He continued to ignore her.  "Why is she raising her standard now?"
"Certainly she knows we're the same vessels that have pursued her since Pailyn.  It may be a sign of respect."  Alana closed her scope and held it behind her back.  She looked at the captain's scowl.  "Or, perhaps, she's taunting you."
Nathaniel faced her.  "Taunting me?  Toward what end?  At this speed, we'll be within firing range in just one hour."  Holt returned his attention on the masts of the enemy.  "See to the guncrews.  Make certain everything is ready."
"Aye, captain."  She saluted and departed the foredeck.  Even as he stared at Seafire, he thought about her.  He had counted on her to keep him company for so many months, but the last several days were very trying.  She did her part, keeping to her quarters and behaving professionally at all times.  Still, he missed her wry and unconventional attitude.
The sun was down.  Darkness settled over the sea and the only light he could spy, other than the stars, came from the stern of Seafire.  He didn't know if it was the strange shot they dropped into the ocean or what, but he fixed his eye on it and did not move.  For many long minutes he stood and kept watch.
At some time unknown to him, the lieutenant had returned to his side and was staring through her scope at them.  "Firing range now, sir."
He was almost startled and he felt the hunger in his belly become an energy that coursed through his limbs.  "Very good.  Beat to quarters and signal Redoubt to fire at will."
Tate turned and faced the main deck.  "Beat to quarters!"  As the drummers complied, she ran to the starboard side's forward lantern and manipulated the shutter.  Over the sound of the crew and the rush of water, they heard drums from their sister ship as the crew was called to action there.  Then, after Redoubt signaled receipt of the order with their own flashed lantern, her cannon fired.
Nathaniel was disappointed that Success had not fired first, but he looked through his scope, hoping to see some sign of damage.  He saw none.  "Forward guns, stand by."
As he gave the order and it was conveyed, he heard a strange sound from his right.  He looked toward the sea and saw only the few running lamps on Redoubt.  He returned his gaze forward, but then he heard something that caused his hair to stand on end.  The sound of a ship's crew, screaming.
Tate and Holt ran to the railing and looked at their sister vessel.  They could spy nothing in the deep darkness, though they continued to hear yelling and high-pitched wails.  The thrashing of water.  Then, rifle fire.
The lieutenant looked at him and said, "What is happening?"
"I do not know."
He looked north toward Seafire and wondered again at what the admiral had been doing.  Then he stared into the darkness at where Redoubt had been.  He saw flashes from rifles and lanterns running along the decks.  He heard more screaming and yelling and splashes from the sea.  After a moment, hard steps crossed the deck toward him and he turned to find a young mate with a slip of paper and a salute.
"From the signal's cabin, captain!"
Nathaniel took the paper and the young woman ran away.  He bent toward the starboard lantern so he could read it and its hastily scribbled writing.  "From Redoubt: 'Under attack by creatures.  Requesting aid immediately.'"
Holt looked again at their sister ship as Alana asked, "Are they signaling us?"
"Likely."  He handed the slip to her and he watched the light from one of the ship's port lanterns flash.  He tried to see what was being sent, but the lantern was knocked into the sea.  Water continued to splash all about and the yells and gunfire only intensified.
"We should have a signals box on the forecastle," the lieutenant said as she faced him.  "Sir, we will render aid?"
The captain looked north again and could only see a distant point of light on Seafire's stern.  The hunger swelled toward his face and it flushed hot.  
"Sir, Mr. Goodwin is not one to request …"
"I know."  His shoulders heaved as his breathing quickened.  He shook his head and then pounded the railing with his fists.  "Godsdamn it."  They heard cannon fire from Redoubt and saw it flash briefly as the shot tore into the ocean.  The screaming continued.  "Hard to starboard!  Ready all boarding planks and hooks!  Ready arms!  All Marines topside!"
Tate nodded and ran from the foredeck to the foremast.  She held onto it and yelled down toward the deckhands and seamen.  As the ship turned, he watched the distant enemy spin from his view and his hunger faded into fear.  Now Redoubt was in sight and he noticed that many stars around the smaller vessel were obscured.  "Prepare the spot torch."
"Aye, sir."  A young seaman ran to a box on the front of the forecastle and removed it.  He lifted a large cylinder on a hinge and made the device ready.  
As that happened, Holt looked to the crew behind them.  He was about to order the starboard guns to aim their canon into the water when he saw a shape above him obscure stars as it passed.  He heard the sounds of rain, the sounds of water falling onto the wooden deck.  He knew it was about to happen.
"Brace for impact!"
A giant thing tore through the rigging of the mainmast and crashed onto the deck.  The outer wall cracked and several men and women flew from the impact.  Some cried out in terror and the captain could tell that they had gone overboard.  He flew from the forecastle to the main deck where he saw a toppled lantern cast light onto a pair of seamen.  He bent to lift one man from the deck and noticed what seemed like hefty rope coiled around his lower body.  The coil tightened and pulled him into the air.  He screamed above and then went silent.  Holt looked then at the second seaman who tried to pull herself free of the tentacle.  She pushed and pushed against the wet, fleshy thing and Nathaniel wrapped his arm around it.  There he felt its sinew and the sharp teeth on its underside.  
The captain withdrew and saw blood pouring from his left hand and arm.  He looked toward the deck and spotted a sword.  He lifted it as the woman was pulled up, and with a single slice, the tentacle was cut, spraying a dark fluid upon the victim and the wood below.  The remnant stayed attached to her and the captain and a Marine tried to free her, but she cried out, "Its thorns are in me still!"
"Take her below to the doctor!"  Holt kept the sword in his right hand and moved back to the forecastle.  He climbed the stairs and heard more crashing behind him and overhead.  He looked up and saw more shapes covering the stars.  The mainsail was torn from the mast and drifted to the deck, where it lay like a blanket.
The captain ran to the spot torch and turned it on.  Still aimed at Redoubt, the light shone on its port side and there he saw the tentacles of sea creatures wrapped about the hull of the ship and up onto the decks and masts.  
"Neptune, preserve us," the master said from the captain's left.
The great squids were a very pale gray and the members of this group were between fifteen and twenty-five meters long.  They each had twelve tentacles: six smooth ones for locomotion about the "head" of the mantle, the squid's central body, and six longer, wiry ones, studded with rows of serrated teeth, on the lower end of the mantle to capture and pull food toward their mouths.  The locomotive tentacles kept the mantles of three creatures attached to the lower part of Redoubt's hull as their longer tentacles reached up to strip the rigging from her masts and pull crew overboard.
Water continued to pour from above onto the deck and tentacles crashed onto Success as its unwanted passenger continued its attack.  The water around both ships churned and splattered constantly and, to punctuate the horror of it all, the sounds of panicked seamen and ensnared crew became a chorus consigned to the background.
"Can we target their bodies?"  Holt asked.
Palmer lowered the spot torch until the beam rest squarely on the three masses that were just at the waterline of the hull.  One mantle was fully on the port side, including its large green alien eye.  Seeing the light, it recoiled and released the ship to dive back into the ocean.
"Gods be praised," the master said.
"Creatures of the depth don't care for the light," Nathaniel said.  "Shine it upon the others and pray they are likewise startled."
"Aye, sir."
On the main deck, a lantern had fallen onto the torn mainsail, setting it alight.  The Marines fired their rifles at any tentacles which wandered into view.  A guncrew hacked and hacked with poles and tools at one limb that tried to claim their midshipman.  Holt tried to shout over the commotion, "Bring us alongside!  Turn to port!"
The captain looked back at Redoubt and saw it closing more quickly than he would have liked.  He moved next to the spot torch again and saw that tentacles had managed to topple the foremast of their sister ship and even torn a hole at the vessel's midships.  As Redoubt bobbed in the sea, water poured into the holds, and the commotion of the attack only aided the flooding.
Holt turned toward the maindeck and called out, "Brace for impact!"
Success had just begun to turn but it would not be enough.  The bow of the larger frigate raked the port side of Redoubt and threw the captain against the railing.  Wood creaked all around and beneath him and the two vessels became parallel with and against each other.  Though the crash was unintentional, it had the effect of pinching and wounding the remaining pair of great squids on the smaller ship's port side, causing their tentacles to flail away from Redoubt and onto Success.  Seeing one large limb fall onto the foredeck and probe for something to take, Holt focused his anger into his sword and slashed at the arm repeatedly.  Dark blood again poured forth and the arm withdrew into the sea.
"Boarding parties!" the captain cried out.  "Lash us together and give aid!"
A great cry rose from both ships as their crews tossed ropes to one another and secured planks from one main deck to the other.  
There was a crack above and, in terror, Nathaniel looked toward his own masts.  Instead, it was the mainmast of Redoubt.  The great squids had regrouped and were attacking the starboard side of their sister ship.  Ropes were snapped and sliced and fell to the deck.  Sails were shredded.  The mainmast of Redoubt fell and now the long, fleshy limbs were winding about the quarterdeck and waist for more targets.  
Completely dismasted and taking on water, Holt thought.  He then felt rain upon him and a shiver raced across his body.  He turned and saw a tentacle moving in the light of the spot torch and wrapping around the jibs, tearing those sheets and halyards.  "Polearms!  To me!" 
He ran to the side of the light and aimed its beam into the water.  There he saw a pair of the large squids gripping the keel and hull of his ship.  Their eyes were not within reach, so they were undeterred by the spot torch.  Still, as several tentacles rose above, spilling water on the decks and grabbing onto his vessel, as the ocean thrashed around them all, he was entranced by how silent the beasts were.  They made no sound at all while they killed and crippled his crew and ship.
When several seamen appeared on the forecastle, the captain raised the spot torch again and he pointed at the pair of tentacles in the beam.  "Slice them!  Keep them out of our rigging!"
They complied with zeal and the limbs retreated from the pain.  Success then lurched to starboard as Redoubt began to list under the weight of more creatures.  A boatswain was pulled from the captain's side by a tentacle and she screamed as she went overboard.  Nathaniel was frozen in place with his arm outstretched for her, but she was taken too quickly.  
How many have we lost?  In horror, he then realized he had not seen Lieutenant Tate in some time.  
Marines along the port side fired into the water but only a couple of limbs retracted.  The crewmen with polearms used the dull blades to poke and slash as best as they could but the captain began to sense that this was a losing battle.
"Master Palmer!  Lef-tenant Tate!" he called out.  With the constant sound of yelling, gunfire, churning ocean, grinding wood, and more, he wondered if anyone might hear him.  "Master Palmer!  Lef-tenant Tate!"
"Here, sir," Alana said.
He clapped his hand on her shoulder and asked, "Status?"
Out of breath, she answered, "The guns cannot lower enough to fire into the water near the things.  We'll need something else."
He saw that Palmer had joined them and he said, "Their eyes.  One fled when the torch poured light into its eye.  Have we anything that can get light under the water?"
The master said, "Magnium tape.  We keep it aboard for lighting during underwater hull repairs."
"Fetch it now, if you please."
"Aye, sir!"  She saluted and ran below deck.
Tate and Holt then returned to fighting the tentacles.  They stood by each other's side, both using swords, and hacked at one such arm that found purchase around the foremast.  Its teeth were dug in deep, but the slashing cut through the flesh and it retreated, leaving a couple of meters or so of itself behind.
Palmer stopped by them with a leather satchel and lantern.  "Here, sir!"  She removed a wheel of a bright silver-like metal and stretched nearly half-a-meter of it out.  "Lef-tenant, if you will please," the master handed Alana a pair of clippers and she cut the tape.  "You'll want to wrap an end of it about something with weight, captain."
He reached toward a fallen polearm and presented the curved blade end to Palmer.  "Will this do?"
"Aye."  She wound it around the blade a few times and then brought the lantern's flame to other end.  "Mind the fire, sirs.  It will be damned hot and bright."  After it had been in the lantern for a moment, it lit a brilliant white that forced them all to turn away.  Sparks fell from it and Palmer released the polearm.  "Overboard it goes, captain."
Holt stood and took the fiery metal to the bow.  Seamen nearby squinted and stared at it and it illuminated all of the sails and rigging around, revealing a portion of the damage the squids had done.  At the rail, Nathaniel looked down and saw the mantle of the nearest one there, so he released it.  The polearm fell into the water just behind the squid and the brightness of the light was barely covered by the sea.  Immediately, three tentacles that were gripping the side of Success released and the body of the great squid detached and swam away.
The captain turned and smiled.  "Prepare more!"
Crewmen ran to the master's sides with their own poles and swords.  She wound an end and set them off, and soon, there was a perimeter of light around Success beneath the surface of the sea.  The creatures withdrew their tentacles from the upper decks and from the sides of her hull, freeing the vessel at last.  A few seamen ran onto Redoubt with lit magnium strips and did the same.  Finally, there came quiet, or so it seemed at first.
The captain leaned against the foremast to catch his breath and he closed his eyes in the night.  He heard then the creaking of hulls as Redoubt continued to sink and pull Success with it.  He heard the cries of wounded crewmen on both vessels.
Holt turned to survey what he could of the crew.  The spot torch had been turned to shine on the mainmast and deck, so he could see a great deal.  The mainsail had been extinguished and was gathered up.  Ropes and shrouds hung from all the masts and most of the sheets hung limply, fluttering in the wind but unable to utilize it until the rigging had been repaired.  The doctor and his mates moved along the seated seamen and Marines, checking their wounds.  Palmer remained in a crouch by her lantern and with a fistful of pre-measured magnium tape.
"You are now master of the light until we are free of this place," Nathaniel said.
"Aye, captain."
He walked to the starboard side of Success which had been joined with Redoubt's port side.  He looked over the planks and saw the wet and weary figure of Alden Goodwin.  "Captain," Holt said.
Exhausted, Goodwin tried his best to come to attention and salute, but he found it difficult with the lean of the deck.  "Captain, sir."
"Status?"
"Fully dismasted.  At least three breaches in our hull and our pumps are damaged."
Nathaniel nodded and thought.  "I fear you must abandon ship and have your crew rejoin us on Success."
"I fear you may be right, sir."  Goodwin turned toward his crew who were scrambling from place to place.  "All hands, abandon ship!  Gather what we may and board Success!"
"Lef-tenant Tate," Nathaniel turned to her, "prepare to cut lashings and remove boarding planks."
"Aye, sir."
Holt walked to the midships and looked for the yeoman of the sheets.  Spying him carrying a bundle of fabric, he said, "Mr. Royse, rig us a sail as quick as you are able so we may depart these waters."
"Aye, sir.  Doin' so now."
"Quick and simple, if you please.  We will make it tidy and proper once we're clear of danger and have the sun on the right side."
"Aye."
Crew from Redoubt ferried boxes and other materiel from the ship.  Goodwin ordered patches placed over the holes on the interior to buy more time and it seemed as though the vessel had stopped its sinking.  After an hour, as most of the supplies and crew were off her and once Master Palmer had dropped fresh strips of lit magnium, Redoubt was again going down.
"You are the last aboard, captain," Holt said to Goodwin.
All the planks connecting them to Success were gone, save the one.  Alden was standing with one foot on the main deck and another on the side of a locker due to the ship's tilt.  "Aye, sir."  He surveyed his first command one last time and then lunged up the deck toward the railing of Redoubt.  He climbed onto the plank and walked across to Success.  Once he stepped off and down to the deck, he saluted.  "Captain."
"Mr. Goodwin."  He pointed to the seamen.  "Cast her off."  With axes, they struck the last series of ropes that had kept the two ships together.
Alden said, "I submit myself to arrest, sir."
Holt narrowed his eyes.  "On what charge?"
"The commanding officer of any lost vessel is to be courtmartialed."
Nathaniel wasn't certain that the man was joking.  "You will have to forgive me for not having the time or resources to convene such a hearing at this point."
"Of course, sir."  He straightened and said, "If you will have me and if Lef-tenant Tate will allow it, I should like to return to my post as executive officer."
Holt smiled and shook his hand.  "That had been my plan, First Lef-tenant Goodwin."
Goodwin smiled.  "Thank you, sir."
Alana leaned closer and whispered, "I protest, captain."
"Noted, lef-tenant."
"Aye, sir."  She caught the unsure gaze of Alden and smiled at him.
Goodwin turned and looked at Redoubt.  It was already lying on its side and the water was pulling it lower still.  "Captain," he said, "if I may?"
"Carry on, lef-tenant."
Alden straightened and cried out loudly, "All hands!  Honors for RNS Redoubt!"  The crew, seamen, officers, and Marines aboard snapped to attention and saluted the vessel.  With her few small sails catching the wind, Success was moving away and Redoubt faded into the dark of the night.  Once it was gone, Goodwin said, "All hands!  Dismissed!"  He faced Holt and asked, "Your orders, sir?"
"With what little we have, tack northeast and pray we sail away from the home of these foul creatures."
"Yes, sir.  And, if I might," Holt looked at his executive officer, "I recommend signaling Perkinston to notify them of the loss of Redoubt as well as confirmation that Admiral Noi is aboard that vessel."
"Thank you, lef-tenant."  He glanced toward Tate and then back again.  "I will do so."  Goodwin saluted and went about his work.
Alana came to Nathaniel's side and said, "It is nice to see, I suppose, that Mr. Goodwin has not allowed command to change him."
"You should be pleased, lef-tenant.  We are whole again," he cast his eyes up toward the masts, "so to speak."
They walked toward the quarterdeck where they were met by the doctor.  "There you are."
"How bad is it?"
The older man squinted.  "Are you wounded?"
"I am, though I had nearly forgotten."
"We've not had a tally of those we are missing, but I have five dead and thirty-two injured.  Nine dead and a further thirty-six injured from Redoubt."
"Thank you, doctor."  The old man leaned toward the captain to examine his bloodied hand and arm when Holt said, "Please, tend to your patients."
"Yes, sir.  Come to me when you've a moment."
"I will."
"How many might we be missing?" Alana asked.
"I dare not imagine."  The captain sighed and placed his hand atop the closed signals box.
Tate stared at the device.  "Are you going to call?"
"I will."  He stretched his neck and said, "And I will demand air support."
XXVII
NOI
1,766 Years After Colonization

The admiral stood on the forward deck with her hands clasped behind her back.  She stared ahead, waiting for a sign that they had arrived.  She knew it was still days away.
"Admiral," Reung said from behind her, "I have word from another fishing vessel."
Kawan sighed and waved him forward.  "Speak."
"Virgan frigate spotted on an easterly course.  Two days behind us now."
She shook her head.  "How does she know?"  She looked at the captain and continued, "We made our turn three days ago."
"Perhaps the sounds I heard above the clouds on occasion were not simply transports."
The admiral smirked.  "Yes.  I was wrong to dismiss your ears."  He bowed to her and she added, "Does it please you to hear me apologize?"
Marc straightened.  "No, admiral."
"Hm.  You may hear me apologize frequently in the days ahead."
Reung stepped closer, to her side, and looked at the ocean before them.  "You've nothing to apologize for.  You've done everything for Sukho that you could.  And beyond."
"And what of Picon?"  Noi sighed, "Sukho is nothing if the world is lost."
The captain considered what she said and finally replied, "We've not reached the end yet.  There is time."  The admiral nodded and he followed up by saying, "You must tell him."
"For an old sailor like me, desperation is not new."  She pulled her cane off the railing and leaned on its head.  "But this is the first I've experienced it over so long a time.  Desperation can beat many things from a person.  The most stubborn of these, I've found for myself, is pride."
"There you are," Amyand said.
"Tell him," Reung whispered.
"Greetings, ambassador," Noi said.  "What brings you to me?
"I am merely curious, admiral, captain, about our arrival."
Marc looked ahead and said, "The rendezvous will be in two days."
"Rendezvous?" Jean-Charles repeated.  "Then we are not going to Queenstown?"
Kawan glared at Marc for forcing her into the conversation she still wasn't ready for.  "No, ambassador.  We kept that as a secret."
"Until you believed I could be trusted."  When Noi nodded, Amyand smiled, "Then I am glad to have earned your trust."
"Over the last few weeks and our many meals and talks together, yes, ambassador, I believe I do."
"Bon."
"There is a concern, however," Reung said.  "The Virgans pursue us still and may reach us before the rendezvous."
"The same Virgans as before?"  When he saw the two officers confirm it, Amyand chuckled and said, "What are these people made of that they've dispatched your sea monsters and managed to follow you for so long?"
"They are stubborn, ambassador, like me," Kawan glanced at Reung.  "They also have the benefit of resources."
"Limited resources, admiral.  Leonis will provide."
Noi saw the frustration on the captain's face.  She looked at Jean-Charles and said, "Ambassador, tomorrow, we will reach the Ghost Peninsula.  When we arrive, we must talk."
XXVIII
AMYAND
1,766 Years After Colonization

They stood on the forward deck of Seafire where the ambassador's jaw dropped many kilometers back.  He had yet to pick it up.
The reux sailed between great towers of stone that rose like islands from the sea.  This Ghost Peninsula was just that; an ancient geographical feature eroded over the ages until columns and islets of limestone and other minerals were all that remained.  Some were squat and smooth and these were nearest the exterior.  As the ship journeyed deeper, they became more varied.  Some were thin, others were wide.  Here, more than an hour in, they rose above the sea fifty, sixty, seventy meters high.  A few reached over one hundred.  Their shapes and sizes were as dazzling as the colors.  Deep browns and grays flecked with glistening minerals or streaked with blue or red ores.  Mosses and vines clung to their sides and radiated a beautiful green.  There were cracks and hollows and caves where one might imagine the most amazing creatures to live, or perhaps, the most picturesque holiday someone might ever enjoy.
"Ten meters!" a seaman called out as he raised line from the side of the bow.  The depth of the water beneath them was of little concern, but they did need to navigate wisely for the channels between the karsts and islets were not always so forgiving.
The ambassador looked from one great tower to another, marveling at their beauty, wondering if anyone might dare to camp atop one.  Finally, after so long in silence, he laughed and said, "Admiral, if my journey to Picon leaves me with naught, at least I have seen this."
"I am glad you are pleased."  Noi looked around herself and noted the many working seamen, crewmen, and guarding marines.  "Let us go to the command deck where we might talk."
"Yes," he didn't look away as he moved toward the steps, "I have anticipated this conversation."
"You have?"
Now that the landscape was mostly concealed by raised sails and the high walls of the main deck, Jean-Charles trotted to catch up to her.  "Oui.  Your voice put a great weight on it."
"That was not my intent."
"And I have also sensed that there is a weight upon you."  Kawan looked at him as they stepped around piles of ropes.  "More weight than is typical for someone in command such as yourself."
"Then you are perceptive."
They climbed the stairs of the reux's tower and said nothing as they moved past the levels of cannon and their crews.  At the top, under the command shelter, Captain Reung stood from his seat and saluted the admiral.  Noi responded by saying only, "Lang dadfa."  All the officers and aides went to the stairs, leaving only the ambassador and the admiral.
Amyand looked around, surprised.  "A great weight is on this conversation, is it not?"
"It is."  Kawan walked to the rear of the deck and leaned in the corner.  She stared up at one of the stone towers as Seafire sailed by.  "I fear that I have misled you from the start, ambassador."
Jean-Charles felt an acid burn up from his stomach and into his throat.  He was sure it was the ever-spicy dishes he had been fed since he arrived, but the admiral was not helping.  "How so, admiral?"
Noi sighed and looked directly at Amyand's face.  "The people of Picon are not united."
"This I have known.  You are but four rebel groups, hoping through your victories to show the people …"  He saw her face fall.  "What is it?"
"The rebels of Sukho, Jomon, Shan, and Dangun," she shook her head, "we are not united against the crown, either."
The ambassador blinked and looked toward the deck in thought.  "We heard, on Leonis, that you were."
"Because we wanted you to believe so.  Whenever a Leonan trader came to Sukho, we were certain to spread the rumor near those ships, near those people, so word would reach Luminere."
Now his eyes widened.  "Your council?"
"There is a council of leaders of the four groups.  We meet to prevent conflicts among ourselves, though that is all."
"Mes dieux."  He removed his hat with one hand and ran the tips of his fingers over his forehead and scalp with the other.  "Pourquoi … Why would you do this?"
Noi straightened and held her cane in front of herself.  She rested her hands on it and stared at him.  "Because we need your help.  Not simply Sukho.  All of Picon, whether they know it or not."
He scoffed and flicked his hands out from his side.  "What were you intending that I do here, eh?  At this rendezvous?  Is there a rendezvous?"
"There is."
He became more animated, "With the council?!"
"Yes."
"At least there is that!  Merde."  He faced away from her and kicked the wall of the command shelter.  "What would you have me tell this council then?"
"That Leonis will be with us when we are united."
He looked over his shoulder at her.  "That … that is what I was going to say."
"Yes," she began to walk toward him, "but I need you to convince them that we should be united."
"Why me?"
"Because I have failed," she looked down, "so many times.  I have seen the tightening grip of Virgon on this world.  Some of them may see it, too, but they say, 'It will not matter in my life.'  I ask them, 'What of your children and your grandchildren?' but they are still not swayed.
He remembered her late daughter and his anger weakened.  "If they do not unite, the Assembly will not aid you."
"I know.  This is why you must succeed."
His head wheeled and he leaned against a post.  "Now I have my doubts."
"The others have heard my pleas.  The question has been in their minds and they have considered it.  To see a Leonan before them, swearing to aid in that effort?"  She clapped her hands once around the head of the cane, "That will sway them, I am sure."
"Are you?"
"As sure as I am standing before you on my own two feet."
He sighed and considered it until he got the joke.  His eyes darted toward her and he saw her smirk.  "Grand Zeus, admiral."
"I am sorry, ambassador.  Captain Reung admonished me to tell you sooner, but I could not."
"Needless to say, your captain was right.  If I had more than a day or so to prepare before the council rendezvous …"
"Tephcea," she interrupted.  He looked toward her saw her attention was caught up beyond the ship.  "A good omen as the sun sets."
Amyand walked to her side and looked where she looked.  A great tower of stone off Seafire's stern filled much of the sky.  Its upper half was riddled with quartz, so veins of yellow and orange light from the sunset on the other side shone through.  It was dazzling and they both stared at it in awe.
"Captain," Noi said into a voice tube nearby.  "Here.  The large tower to our stern."
Tinny, he responded from the wheelhouse below, "Yes, admiral."
"Bring us about to its northeastern corner and lower the anchor."
"Yes, admiral."
Kawan looked at the other islets and karsts around them.  She smirked again as the thought came to her.  "Once we are in place, strike all the sails and raise our gray sail on the main mast."
"Yes, admiral."
Noi walked back to Jean-Charles' side as he continued to stare up at the glowing crystalline rock.  
"Anchoring here?" he asked.
"Yes."
"Why here?  Why do you not wish to push ahead to the rendezvous?"
"No Virgan has seen our rendezvous place and I would prefer to keep it that way."  She smiled and the quartz seemed to glow red as the sun continued its retreat.  "We will battle the Virgan frigate one last time here, where we have been so blessed with beauty, and we will succeed."
With a delayed reaction, Amyand looked away from the tower and at the admiral, "Why are you so sure?"
"Tonight, the air will be cool, yet the water is warm."  She nodded and said, "A fine stage for a battle in the morning."
XXIX
HOLT
1,766 Years After Colonization

"I need soundings!" Goodwin cried out.
Nathaniel stood with his arms crossed behind his back, clapping the top of one hand into the palm of the other.  He looked out and saw only gray.
He had followed the bearings from the third and final air surveillance mission he managed to secure and he ended up here, the Yurei Peninsula.  He found no peninsula, but instead an endless sea of giant rocks and towering stones.  Great birds flew from one to another high above his head where he could barely see, but before him, there was only the gray fog.
"How deep shall we go, captain?" Tate asked him.
He didn't look at her.  He bit on his lower lip and said, "Until we emerge on the other side.  And then I shall consider doubling back."
The lieutenant nodded.  "And if she sails to another port?"  He glared at her for a second before she added, "I will remind the captain that I was in favor of entering this sea of stones.  It was Lef-tenant Goodwin who advised caution."
"I know, lef-tenant."  He scanned the horizon again and saw nothing but another karst passing on the port side barely twenty meters away.
"Five meters!" a seaman cried out from the starboard side.
Alden ran to Holt's side.  "Captain, I worry that we may ground at any point here."  The first lieutenant looked up and said, "The flat hulls of ruxies will fare well, but the deep keel of vessels like ours …"
"Thank you, Mr. Goodwin."  Nathaniel looked toward the floor of the forecastle and said, "See to the soundings, if you please.  And direct the wheel as you deem necessary."
"Aye, captain."  He saluted and ran off.
Alana smirked and said, "I see that his return has not been met with as much joy as you anticipated."
"If by 'joy' you mean mine own," he lowered his voice, "then yes."  She chuckled and he raised a finger toward her.  "I grew lax in your company, lef-tenant.  My frustrations will give way to the proper manner of things in time."
"Of course, sir."  She straightened and looked ahead into the fog.
"Four meters!"
Nathaniel groaned and pulled his scope toward his chest.  "The sun has been up for over an hour.  Why has this infernal mist not burned away?"  Holt raised his telescope and scanned from his left to his right.  The wind pushed aside some parts of the fog and revealed simple blue water and gray shapes rising from the ocean.  Some were tall and some were short.  There were jagged lines, rounded lines, angles, and more.  A shaft of sunlight pierced the veil from time to time but revealed only the same, but in better, colorful light.
"You hope against hope," she said.  "There's naught to be seen."  She took a deep breath and said, "Perhaps we should halt here.  Let the fog abate and listen for any untoward sound."
He collapsed the scope and nodded.  He felt defeat already.  "You may be right."  The hunger roiled in his belly and he imagined seeing the red sails of Seafire emerging from the mist, flying the long, black pennant of the admiral.  No, he couldn't give up so easily.  "If the next sounding is lower still, we shall halt."
"Very well, captain."
They waited in silence and watched the seaman on the port side swing the plumb into the water and then retract it once the line went slack.  "Five meters!"
Nathaniel smiled.  "We proceed on."
Success sailed ahead at a moderate pace.  They passed by small fishing communities, moored against the bases of tall towers.  The Virgans gave them a hard look as they passed, but no sign was seen of the missing Sukho vessel.  
"Three meters!"
"Captain, that is the lowest sounding yet," Tate said.  "I recommend we veer south and choose a new path."
Holt saw his executive officer approaching and raised his hand to keep Goodwin's comments at bay.  "I heard, lef-tenant.  I am weighing Lef-tenant Tate's suggestion to veer away and choose a different path through the stones."
Alden looked at Alana and nodded.  "I concur, sir."
"Good."  Holt looked back along the main deck and saw that the quarterdeck just forty meters away was obscured by the mist.  "Mr. Goodwin, if you will take the forecastle, Tate and I will adjourn to the quarterdeck and choose a new course."
"Very good, sir."
The two stepped down to the upperdeck and walked by the main mast when the seaman called out, "Three meters!"  They were nearly at the stairs to the quarterdeck when someone shouted down from above.
"Sail, captain!" a seaman in the nest cried.  "Port stern!"
Holt's heart stopped and he ran up to the deck.  He looked into the fog and saw nothing, so he raised his scope.  Before he could focus, he heard the sound of a cannon volley.  At least two dozen guns.
The shot tore into the port side of Success, spraying splinters and smoke all about.  Several blasts tore into the sails and rigging.  Crew flew from their positions at the cannon along the upperdeck and the midshipmen and lieutenants tried to rally the men and women back to their posts.
"Return fire!" Nathaniel screamed.  Only two guns fired right away, followed by six more.  As the injured crew climbed back to their positions, the enemy ship volleyed again.  The cannonballs ripped into the decks and gunports.  The creaking of wood drew his eyes up into masts and he saw spars dangling on their rigging.  "Full speed ahead!  Hard to port!"  The coxswain began to turn the wheel as Lieutenant Tate stood at the end of the quarterdeck, shouting orders to the master.  
Finally, the mist parted and the giant reux vessel Seafire emerged.  His breath was taken away by its fully raised single gray sail which had blended in with the rocks and its three red sails being hoisted into place.  The black pennant still trailed above its mainmast and he saw the crew scrambling in their tower readying another volley.  Riflemen on their deck raised their weapons through gunports or along the tower and fired.  The bullets rippled across the sterndeck and quarterdeck.  Holt felt a sting in his right arm and he looked down to see a splotch of red seeping into his dark blue jacket.
Success was turning and the stones that surrounded them shifted in view.  Seafire began to turn, too, but then the deck beneath Nathaniel stuttered, sending him and most of the crew flying forward.
"Grounded!" seamen cried out.
Holt steadied himself on the closed signal box and screamed, "Fire at will!"
The port cannon responded in a staggered fashion and several blasts found their mark on the starboard side of the reux, but no major damage was evident.  Another volley followed from Seafire and the quarterdeck erupted around him.
Holt's ears could only provide a high-pitched wail.  His eyes were clouded and stung, but he could see that he was nearly falling through the floor into the cabin below.  A crewman grabbed his arm and pulled him up as he clung to splinters of the planks around him.  He saw Redshirts run past, readying their rifles, and he saw young Coxswain Bridger, standing at the wheel with blood covering her left side.  He tried to pull himself up, but his balance betrayed him and he fell forward.  When he rose again, he saw the limp hand of Alana Tate.
He slid across the broken deck on his knees and lifted her arm.  She blinked quickly and tried to focus on him, but she couldn't.  Her left leg was severed at the knee and blood trickled from her mouth.  "George," she said, "I'm sorry."  She opened her mouth to speak again, but she was gone.
Holt backed away from her and looked toward the sky.  The mainmast had been toppled and with it the antenna to their wireless devices.  His chest heaved as he breathed deeply and he felt despair open beneath him.  He shook his head once to ward it away.  When the well tried to take him again, he began to stand and he felt someone grab him and lift him.
"Orders, sir?!"
It was Regina Palmer.  Nathaniel nearly smiled at the sight of her, dirtied and bloodied as she was.  He looked toward the sea and saw the shape of Seafire getting nearer.  "Prepare for boarders."
The master stepped away and screamed, "Boarding parties!  To arms!  To arms!"
Holt stood and braced himself on the only portion of the quarterdeck's forward railing that remained.  He looked down at the body of Lieutenant Tate and pulled his sidearm from his holster.  After he checked that it was ready for action, he heard his port cannon fire for the last time into the side of the approaching enemy.  He couldn't see what damage, if any, they had done.
Success shuddered again as the larger craft scraped into its port side.  Ropes with hooks and planks descended from the gunning tower to the stern and quarterdecks.  The high walls of the Seafire's upperdeck revealed another purpose as they were dislodged and slammed onto the sides of the Virgan ship, clamping in place.  With the walls now planks, more than one hundred Sukho soldiers were able to pour onto the vessel.
Holt raised his gun and fired at the first soldier in red and white he saw.  The bullet easily pierced the man's armor and he slumped back into the rush.  Redshirts swarmed past the captain, cutting off the approach from the tower to the quarterdeck.  Rifles and guns fired around him and then he heard the crash of swords.  A splash as two planks were cast off the side of Success, spilling the invaders into the sea.  The captain looked toward the main deck and he spied Alden Goodwin standing by the cracked mainmast, waving a sword in his hand.
"Rally to me!" he called out, and the seamen and Redshirts answered.  They spilled up from the holds and stairs onto the upperdeck, pushing the wave of Sukho back to their boarding panels.  The lieutenant swiped and kicked at the invaders, sending more than a few to the deck either dead or injured.  As the Virgan surge seemed to be successful, Goodwin waved everyone forward to the planks and prepared to board the enemy himself.  Instead, he was met with nearly fifty more Sukho soldiers still on Seafire who opened up, killing him and dozens in an instant.
The captain had fired into masses of soldiers until this point, seeing his targets clasp their arms or fall back.  Seething hot anger gripped him as the lieutenant fell and he pushed aside any daze he had suffered because of his injuries.  He grabbed a sword from the deck at his feet and looked toward the tower of the enemy vessel.  He saw the command shelter and the command mast there.  He knew that's where she had to be.
Nathaniel ran into the backs of his Redshirts as they pushed against the invaders on the quarterdeck.  He sliced into the sides of three men who fell from the planks and into the water below.  He looked up at the tower again, hoping for a sight of the admiral so he could raise his pistol and fire.  
"Push on!  Push on!" he yelled, and the men around him complied.  With the Redshirts at his side and seamen behind him, Holt managed to reach the planks and he stood on them over the water.  Rifles and pistols fired around him, striking Sukho soldiers and sailors alike.  Bodies fell onto the wide board and the Virgans tried to kick them off as they pushed forward.  He heard more gunfire behind him, but it was only as he felt his men and women fall against him that he realized he had been outflanked.
"Captain!"
On the plank, within reach of Seafire, he turned and saw a bloodied Sukho officer at the wheel of Success, standing over the body of Coxswain Bridger.  The struggle around Holt had become a shoving match and no one fired their weapons or slashed with their blades.  He faced the man who called out.
"The ship is ours.  Surrender."
Despair swirled beneath him again and his crew looked at him with wide, worried eyes.  He looked at the sword in his hand and then cast it into the water below.  Seeing this, all the fighters near him relaxed.
Nathaniel stepped off the plank and back onto Success.  He walked around the great gashes in the quarterdeck caused by cannonfire toward the wheel and the officer there.  Standing before the man who was the same height as he, Holt holstered his sidearm.
His opponent's eyebrows raised and he said, "I am Marc Reung, commander of Seafire.  Do I have your surrender?"
Holt's throat seized and he had to swallow hard to speak.  "I will only surrender to Admiral Kawan Noi herself."
"I see," Reung answered.  "May I ask why?"
He glanced to his left at the body of Alana Tate and then he looked toward the upperdeck of his vessel where Alden Goodwin lay.  "I have lost too much in this pursuit and on this day.  I mean you no insult, sir, but I could not bear it if my quarry, if … the recipient of my surrender were any less than she."
Reung lowered his head respectfully.  "I will take you to her."
XXX
NOI
1,766 Years After Colonization

Her aide moved around quickly, pulling the edges of her cape out and fluffing the tuft of red feathers atop her helmet.  Kawan focused on the stairs before her.  She knew the captain would be coming soon.
"Enough," she said.  The aide bowed and departed.
Alone on the command deck, Noi took a deep breath and looked down to her right.  She saw the torn sails and rigging of the Virgan ship, the broken mast, and bodies lying on the foredeck.  She worried, of course, about the status of her own men and women, but she knew there would be time for that later.  She took a deep breath and squared her shoulders.  As she did, she saw Marc's head appear at the stairs.
Reung stepped onto the deck and to the side of the steps.  Then a young man in the dark blue and white typical of Virgan naval officers appeared.  Blood streamed from a wound on his scalp, a wound on his arm, and a wound on his leg.  His head was somewhat lowered in defeat, but she could see the scowl of anger and frustration still on his face.
"Admiral Kawan Noi," Reung said.
She stood from her seat and took a step forward.  Her prosthetic leg jostled in her boot and the straps about her femur felt twisted, but she tried to ignore the sensations and she didn't move again.
The Virgan stood directly before her and raised his head.  He scanned her, twice over at least, and then nodded.  His scowl remained but his posture shifted to one of pride and dignity.  "Captain Nathaniel George Holt."  He reached toward his holster and removed the pistol there.  She saw Reung and the guards at the stairs tense, but Holt turned the handle toward her.  "I offer you my surrender."
She took the weapon and looked at its shining finish.  "I had thought it customary for swords to be surrendered."
"I have one, in my quarters.  I'm sure you could fetch it, but this is the weapon I've kept at my side."
Noi smiled.  "Thank you, captain."  After he bowed, she asked, "I see you are wounded.  Are you otherwise well?"
He looked up at her and his expression betrayed confusion.  After a moment, he replied, "I … have lost many of my officers and crew.  My ship.  I feel as though I have lost a part of myself."
She breathed deeply and saw the pain on his face.  She recognized it well.  "I understand, captain.  You have my sympathies."  She straightened and asked, "Am I correct in thinking that you have pursued us since the end of the blockade in Pailyn?"
"Yes, admiral."
She shook her head once.  "Tenacious.  You and the other vessel …"
"Redoubt.  She was lost to the creatures at the Twilight Isles."
"Ah.  Over an entire month, neither of you gave up the chase.  You always picked up my trail.  A remarkable, remarkable journey."  Holt was now standing at attention and seemed to have nothing more to offer.  "I wish to honor you and your valiant pursuit.  What is the name of your vessel?"
"Royal Navy Ship Success."
Kawan smirked and muttered, "Ironic."  She straightened and said, "I believe, once it has been taken to port and repaired, we will rename it Crakhê.  That is Sukho for 'crocodile,' an animal revered among our people for their patience and endurance.  For you and your crew," she bowed her head toward him, "I will remember."
Some emotion gripped him and his face tensed and contorted.  It seemed at first to be anger, but then his eyes swelled with tears, though none fell.   His lips quivered and he said, softly, "Thank you."
"Of course."
"What is to become of my crew?"
"Mm."  She glanced toward Reung and said, "That is a good question, captain.  I fear that our rebellion is so new that we've not given much thought as to the disposition of prisoners."
"Not so new, I believe, admiral," Nathaniel said.  "The Redoubt was a Virgan vessel which had been seized by Picos.  We took it back."
"Was it now?  By whom was it seized?  Not by any in my fleet."
"It flew the pirate banner of Dangun."  
She tried to conceal her surprise and she nodded.  So, the daejang is not so neutral as he would have me believe.  "Still, as to your crew, we will sail to a friendly port and they will be taken ashore.  There, they will be freed.  Tell me, captain, are you yourself a lord of some sort on Virgon?"
"I am not."
"Shame."  She looked at Marc and said, "Captain Reung, please have our surgeons tend to their crew and ours equally, and give their surgeons the freedom to aid everyone, as well.  Once Crakhê is ready to sail, place your executive in command and dispatch her with all the prisoners under guard."
"Yes, admiral."  He left the command deck to carry out the orders.
"Captain Holt," she said, "I wish you and your crew well."  She looked at the guards, "Take him back to his vessel and see to it that his wounds are tended."
As the two men took positions on either side of him, Nathaniel raised his chin up and said simply, "Admiral."  He was taken away.

At the door of her own cabin, she knocked.
"Come in."
She opened the door and saw Amyand sitting at the desk, writing in his journals.  "I trust you are well, ambassador."
"I am."  He put his pencil down and faced her.  "I trust the attack went well."
"It did."
"Bon."
The admiral's eyes darted about quickly to assess what changes, if any, he had made to the room since she had given it to him.  "We will continue to the rendezvous within the hour."
"I see."  He folded his arms over his chest.
"Are you still angry with me?"
Jean-Charles smiled.  "No.  As I was writing my speech for your council, I placed myself in your position and I realized how desperate you must have felt."  Kawan stepped inside and closed the door.  "You do not want your sailors to hear that you are desperate?"
"No, ambassador, I do not.  If the men and women of my fleet knew how little chance we stand against the Empire, all hope would be lost.  The battle would be over before it began."
"To be fair, admiral," he raised a hand and waved it around, "you have already begun."
Noi's breathing stopped and she nodded once.  "I know."
XXXI
AMYAND
1,766 Years After Colonization

Once the seized Virgan vessel sailed to the west, Seafire turned north and the ambassador was allowed out of the cabin.
He walked onto the deck and saw the damage done to the high walls, the posts and floors of the cannon tower, and the masts.  Carpenters and other seamen were tending to it and soon, there would be little evidence of a battle.  He looked at the deck and saw that the boards were wet.  He wondered how much scrubbing it took to remove the blood.
"Ambassador," a young lieutenant said, "the admiral and captain are on the foredeck."
"Merci."  
Jean-Charles walked around the workers and soon spotted the officers above him.  He climbed the ladder and stood behind them. 
"Within the hour, I believe," Reung said.  He looked over his shoulder and saw Amyand.  "Ambassador."
"Captain."  He moved to the admiral's left and looked ahead.  A radiant turquoise sea lay ahead, through which great stone pillars rose and surrounded them.  Vibrant green vines and plants were draped upon the rocks and he heard the squawking of birds.  "A lovely place.  Our rendezvous is here?"
"Near here," Noi said.  She looked at him and asked, "Have you prepared your remarks?"
"Oui.  And I have dismissed them, thinking them inadequate."
She sighed and brought her cane behind her back.  "Do you have alternate remarks?"
"I have an idea."  Kawan and Marc shared a worried look.  "Fear not, admiral.  It will be well."
Aides brought a set of stools and a small table to the foredeck and the three of them watched the scenery and wildlife as they sailed by.  Stewards brought tea and snacks and Jean-Charles wondered at the fish he might find here.  He had always heard about the great fish of Picon and they had passed a few fishing villages at the bases of some stones already.  Ahead, a ridge along the horizon.  A rocky cliff face with helictites, horizontal stalactites, reaching toward the limestone karsts which had once been part of the mainland.  The towers were eighty meters above the water or more and he thought about the great age of the place and the forces that shaped it.
"We are here," Noi said.  She stood and moved toward the railing.
As Amyand did the same, he spotted what appeared to be a fishing village platform around the base of one of the towers.  It was small and rickety in appearance.  A simple white pennant flew from one of the corners of the place and a single man stood under it holding a rod with its line in the water.
Soft bells rang behind him and the deckhands moved quickly, lowering sails and slowing the ship down.  Gently, Seafire moved to the end of one of the village's docks.  Its wood creaked as the mass of the warship pressed against it and a few seamen lowered the side of one panel of the main deck's high walls.  After it was tied in place, the admiral, captain, and ambassador moved toward the opening.
"This is the place?" Jean-Charles asked.
"It is."  Kawan stepped onto a box and then onto the plank.  He followed with Reung behind him.  Soon, all three were on the dock and walking toward the village with an enormous misshapen rock tower looming above them.  The seamen unmoored Seafire and climbed back aboard.  The ship began to move away to the west and Amyand watched them go.
"Why do they leave?"
Marc answered, "To draw no more attention."
The ambassador looked at the old wood and the buildings around the stone base.  Some boats which seemed barely afloat were docked nearby.  Unease settled on him and he asked, "No guards?"
"Only the members of the council and their seconds are allowed," Noi said.
"Not us.  I mean, no guards at this place."
"They are here," Reung said.  "And watching."
Warily, Jean-Charles looked into the windows of the buildings as they got closer and he looked again at the stone tower.  Beneath vines and flowered sprouts of plants, he thought he saw some slits or windows carved into the rock, but he couldn't be sure.
The three of them passed the old man fishing under the flag and said nothing.  They walked along the main street of the village, with docks and markets to their left and homes, he supposed, to their right.  Most were painted white or kept only the shade of their component wood, but one building was painted a pale yellow.  The admiral went to the door and opened it.  Amyand followed her in and found that it was a tunnel leading into the rock.  Lanterns were hung around them, and soon, they emerged in a wide cavern.  
Amyand marveled, "As always, pirates are a creative sort."
The walls rose ten meters above them and were covered in green plants and the banners of the ancient nations of Picon.  An inlet of water reached into the room from the right and the water cast a soothing reflection onto the ceiling which ebbed and flowed.  At the center of the cavern sat a crescent shaped table which, as he got nearer, the ambassador saw was made with beams from the interior of a ship and turned on the side.  Lanterns and candles ringed the room and guards dressed only in plain black were spaced all around.  Jean-Charles looked across the faces of all those assembled and he recognized their dress, if not the people themselves.  
"Wait here," the captain said.  The ambassador complied wordlessly and stood at the edge of darkness, still several meters away from the table.
As Noi and Reung neared their open seats, the directress, a woman in a lavishly embroidered robe said, "You brought battle too near us."
"It could not be helped," the admiral said.  "The Virgan was in pursuit of us since Pailyn."
"Then they know we are here," a man in black and gray armor said.
"They do not," Marc said.  "We verified from their logs that no signals had been sent in days and that no aerial surveillance is currently underway."
Many around the crescent seemed dissatisfied still.  "Time grows short, admiral," the robed woman said.  "We have already discussed and voted on many issues."
"I hope you have saved the issue of greatest importance for my arrival."
"We have," she waved her hand and the wide sleeve brushed across the tabletop.  "Proceed."
"Thank you, sí."  Noi stood at her place and looked down the line of councilors.  "I have sent messages to you all in recent months and you have all responded the same.  Despite the grip of Virgon upon our world, you are inclined to wait.  Or so you have said."  Her gaze rested on the man in black and gray armor.  "Daejang, your message to me spoke of a desire to not provoke the Virgans into action against your vessels."
He nodded.  "That is so."
"Yet your people seized a Virgan vessel last year and flew their own flag from it?"  There was muttering and Kawan continued, "This is your idea of neutrality?  How many other Virgan ships fly your banner?"
The daejang stood and pounded on the table.  "I will not hear such lies!"
Noi extended her hand and Reung handed her a pouch.  "Sí, we claimed this logbook from the Virgan ship," she pulled it from the satchel, "which details that the RNS Redoubt was thought lost in Martius of seventeen sixty-five and reclaimed by this same Virgan a mere three months ago."  The Dangun shook their heads and protested further but the admiral pulled a thick cloth bundle from the pouch next.  "This was taken from the bow of that vessel and stowed in the captain's cabin."  With a flick, the fabric unfolded into a large, black square.  At its center, there was a series of colored concentric circles, and around that, groupings of white circles, some of which were connected to others.  "Is this not the Dangun war banner of old?"
Most along the table turned their attention away from the admiral toward the daejang, who was now silent.  The directress faced him and said, "Daejang, please explain yourself."
"With forgiveness, sí," Kawan interrupted, "I have no desire to assign blame or draw the council's ire upon him."
The Dangun relaxed but now the directress looked askance at the Sukho contingent.  "Then why would you do this?"
"I wished to illustrate that the Virgans are all our enemies, regardless of what we may say to each other."
"We have had this conversation many times, admiral," the Jomon representative said.
"I know, busho.  Today, however, I have something new to add."  Noi looked into the darkness and extended her hand.  Amyand walked toward her with a thin smile on his face, respectfully bowing his head to each person on the council as he caught their eye.  "This is Jean-Charles Amyand.  Ambassador from Leonis."  Most of the faces at the table showed surprise.  "He has asked to address you."
"Greetings, all."  He bowed toward the woman at the center of the table.  "With your permission, directress."
She nodded.  "Proceed, ambassador."
He kept his hands behind his back and moved his eyes from one person to another as he spoke.  "For centuries, war has been waged on Picon.  Virgon and Leonis fought each other with your people as our shields, until we were driven from here, in defeat, many years ago.  Then, Virgon reshaped your world after their own designs, casting aside your history and heritage.  In time, they were drawn away, but now they are back.  They come with their ships to control your people, to plunder your lands anew, to seize more for the crown."
"You have come," the junfá of Shan said.
"I have, but not in force.  I bring no ships and no desire to rule you as our own kings and queens once did.  I have come because, as ever, Virgon is the enemy of Leonis."  He stepped closer to the table.  "You are all great, powerful leaders.  If you are on a battlefield and the tactics you have employed continue to fail, would you continue to use them?  No.  Of course you would not.  I have come because Leonis has a new way to fight Virgon.  We will aid your rebellion."
Silence.  After a moment, some in the Jomon and Dangun delegations began to laugh.  The Shan leaders shook their heads.  Noi and the Sukho civilian representative looked at each other and the older man seemed confused.
"There is no rebellion!" the daejang said.
"Is there not?"  Jean-Charles looked around in mock confusion.  "Pardon.  I departed Pailyn more than a month ago as many warships engaged and defeated the Virgan blockade.  I saw the taking of a Virgan frigate just one hour from here.  I have seen the Virgan ship that the Dangun took."  He looked for the busho, "I know of your raids on Queenstown and that you have claimed many Virgan rifles for your soldiers."  He looked toward the junfá, "I know your people mine the bay at Perkinston and you've sunk three vessels this year alone."  He caught the eye of Kawan and she seemed stunned by the latter revelations.  He winked at her and continued, "You are all engaged in acts of rebellion against the crown that chokes you.  The crown that centuries ago destroyed the nations you revere and united the world under the blue banner.  So, you rebel, becoming more than simple pirates, and I say you must join together and plan.  Make a formal declaration.  You will be stronger together than you are apart."
Silence again followed, but a Shan delegate asked, "And what will Leonis provide?"
"You will receive funding for your efforts.  With it, you may pay your soldiers well.  We will also provide materiel.  Your navies are still unmatched, I believe, against even the Virgans, for I have seen Admiral Noi in action, but you have nothing to counter the Virgan airships.  You have little to counter their prowess on the battlefield."  A few of the leaders seemed agitated by this, but he ignored their discomfort, "Leonis will help even your chances."
"For what purpose?" the daejang asked.  "So we might again be your shields?  So Virgon and Leonis are not bloodied?"
Many around the table nodded.  Some knocked on the wood with their knuckles.  "That is a fair question, daejang, and I thank you for asking it.  No.  You will not again be our shields.  For Leonis, our strategy includes more than Picon.  As I speak to you, fellow ambassadors are speaking to rebels on other Virgan worlds.  If all rise up, the crown will fall and they will lose their grip on the colonies."
"For Leonis to seize when the Empire falls?!" the junfá shouted.
"No.  Leonis, I fear, is in little position to maintain what we once had.  The expense of ruling several worlds and many millions of people is too great.  The worlds are changing.  Leonis knows this.  Virgon does not.  Yet."
"But Virgon still rules the world, ambassador," a delegate from Jomon.  "If we rebels were to join and declare ourselves against the Empire, would we not have a majority of the people against us from the start?"
"I understand what you are saying, but may I speak to you about Picon as the Virgans see you?"  He took a deep breath and said, "Your history is long and storied.  Your nations, conquered by Virgan colonizers, with many great battles waged between them and with my people, as well.  For centuries, though, the Virgans have ruled and their people have lived among you.  There are many among them that today you would call friends and family.  They have lived and bred with your people for many generations.  In Boskirk, on Virgon, these people are no longer Virgans.  They are Picos."  Some winced at the slang name.  "If they traveled to the Blue Colony, they would be looked down upon.  You may be surprised by this, but they know it.  In their hearts.  The Virgans of this world are as Pican as you."  
A councilor from Shan shook his head.  "I do not believe it."
Jean-Charles said, "Your rebel soldiers still wear the armor of your forefathers.  Armor made for swords and arrows, not bullets, yet they wear them because all of you cling to the past.  You are arrayed now in the ancient garb of your homelands and you've taken for yourselves titles of old, too.  Titles that have not been used in centuries.  You've tried to separate yourselves from the world outside and that world is largely Virgan."  The council grumbled.  "I am sorry, but it is reality.  Picon's history and Virgon's history, as with other colonies, are deeply entwined.  The leaders of this world have accepted this fact."  Many of them shifted in their seats.  "I have spoken to people who know the 'puppets' in Queenstown.  They are not all eager to serve the crown at the expense of their home.  I daresay you may find allies among them.  They feel the weight of Virgon upon their necks, just as you do.  Their taxes.  Their regulations.  The presence of their military.  In your rush to, eh, resurrect the old world, did you stop to ask the people around you what they make of your rulers from another world?  I would wager that they agree with you, because they, like you, are Picans.  Not Virgans.  They are all Pican.  They are all your people."  He was heartened to see more than a few heads nod in understanding.
"Ambassador," the sí began, "what assurances do we have that Leonis will adhere to what you say today?"
"Yes," the busho said.  "I know the Lions.  They will keep their involvement a secret."
"A secret for a time, oui, yes," Amyand said, "but this is why I urged a formal declaration.  Directress, unify your council behind rebellion.  Then, each of you must go and make the case to the people."  Someone laughed and he quickly said, "You rebels have 'civilian authorities,' yes?  These councilors who negotiate, who hold positions of power in their communities?"  A couple of people looked away or shrank.  "Now is the time to do your work!  Go, speak to everyone and convince them that you and your people should rule yourselves.  That the Virgans no longer have a place here.  Given the struggles of all your people, I imagine it may not be difficult to persuade them.  If you might convince your local leaders or even the world's government, bon.  Regardless, convince your people and then issue the declaration.  Once Picon has declared itself independent of the Empire, Leonis will officially recognize Picon as a free world and our support will be very public."
Some eyes widened.  Possibilities sprouted in all their minds, he was sure.  The directress leaned forward, "Will Leonis support us militarily?"
"I cannot speak to military policy nor can I speak to the future.  Funds and equipment for you have been approved by our president and Assembly already.  These are certain.  If Picon, as a world, declares itself free, Leonis will join with you.  It is at that point any questions of direct military aid and intervention will be answered."  That seemed to deflate a few members of the council, but Jean-Charles knew there was little else he could say.  
The daejang shook his head, "If we declare ourselves free, we may rule our own seas, but we have no ships for the sky.  No ships for the stars."
"A Virgan ship could orbit us," a Shan delegate began, "and fire missiles until every 'Pico' is dead."
"I assure you," Amyand said, firmly, "if we agree to this and our worlds are joined, we would not allow that."
Most of the groups around the table leaned in toward each other and they spoke softly.  After a few minutes, the directress spoke with someone from the Jomon and Dangun contingents.  "Ambassador," she said as she stood, "I thank you for joining us today."
He bowed.  "It has been my honor."
"We will discuss this further and hold a vote.  If you will, please," she pointed toward the exit where a pair of black-suited guards were waiting.
"Thank you."  He turned and began to leave.  He looked again at Noi and saw her wide smile.  He brought his hand to his head and gave a light salute as he passed.  After he left the cavern through the tunnel, he stood on the wooden path that wound about the base of the tall stone.  He looked toward the sea and saw a few boats dragging nets through the clear, blue water.  A man brought him a glass of wine and pointed toward a small table.  "Merci."  He sat and looked at the beauty around himself.  The sun beat on him and he wiped the sweat from his forehead.  He waited for hours there, hot and hungry, but he didn't mind.  The beauty of this world and a sense that he had accomplished all that he had wanted were enough to satisfy him.
XXXII
HOLT
Unknown Years Before Activation

The bent, bearded man sat in the chair and stared at the black floor.  He blinked a few times and said nothing since he arrived.
"Captain Holt?"
Slowly, he raised his head and looked around.  "None have called me that in years."
"Would you answer some questions for us?"
Nathaniel sighed.  "I have nothing but time."
The voices paused and the female asked, "As a child, did you always want to be in the Navy?"
"Yes.  Like my father before me, and so on."
"And you were proud to serve the crown?"  Holt nodded.  "Did what happen on Picon and the aftermath affect those feelings?"
For the first time, he looked up and tried to make eye contact with the questioners.  "How could it not?"  After he took a deep breath, his voice lowered, "I lost my best friends.  I lost the finest officers I had ever known.  They were at opposing ends of how to be an officer, yet I treasured them."
"They should have been commended."
He nodded.  "They should have."
"They were not, because of you."
His face trembled.  He inhaled sharply, shook his head, and said, "No.  They were not given their due awards because the Admiralty were cowards."
"Cowards, you say."
"Only cowards could sanction the 'Hollow Rebellion.'"
"Mm," the male voice said.  "We'll come to that, but what of yourself first?"
"Yes," the female interjected.  "What happened to you after you were freed by Noi?"
He glared into the darkness and sensed that these people already knew the answers.  "I was arrested and taken to Virgon before the Admiralty."
"They conducted your court martial?"
"They did.  I was stripped of my rank and sentenced to ten years in prison."
"It seems rather harsh, especially when one considers you were not given the proper resources to fight a vastly superior opponent."
"Indeed," Nathaniel said, "but the Admiralty had to save face and appease the queen.  Sacrifices had to be made, and I was the choicest lamb since the rebellion's spread followed my failure."
"Commodore Matthews was also sacrificed, in a way, yes?"
"Somewhat.  Condemned to live out his days on Picon and to try to quell a revolution with a handful of ships and little additional aid."  He smiled, "With Admiral Noi handing him defeat after defeat until even Queenstown was given over to them.  It was only after that loss that the Empire realized their predicament there."  His grin faded and, slowly, a grim expression took over.  "I thought the sanctity of Imperial rule was inviolable.  Any blight must be addressed and cleansed.  We are the key civilizing force in the Four Systems and all others and all threats to it are barbarous.  That is what we were taught."  He grew thirsty and looked toward his left.  There, a table stood with a glass of water on top.  He took it, not questioning whence it came.  After he sipped the water, he held the glass in his lap and continued, "For over ten years, the queen and the Admiralty let Picon be in open revolution.  Open revolution, for ten years.  They considered the maths and responded accordingly.  Rebels on Sagittaron threatened mining and farming interests there, so forces were dispatched to quell them.  Rebels on Caprica threatened the wealth of taxes accumulated from the larger population, so Rhodia was given more materiel.  Rebels on Tauron," he shook his head, "there were always rebels on Tauron, but some of our wealthiest nobles live there and they demanded aid.  Which they received."
"The rebels on Picon were inconsequential," the female said, "according to the Empire's calculations, and were not met with sufficient force to be permanently put down.  They were underestimated."
"Woefully."
Holt nodded.  "Yes."
"Thus the 'Hollow Rebellion.'  And this changed your view of the crown?  Of the Empire?"
For a brief second, fear seemed to flash over the man's face.  He looked around in the darkness and, seeing no one, he finally nodded.  "Yes."
"Did you come to a conclusion?"
With a low, deep voice, he said, "When an empire will no longer adhere to the principles that its people fought for over centuries, it is time for that empire to die."
XXXIII
PICON
1,778 Years After Colonization

The horses reached the top of the ridge and the leaders looked down the long, wide hill toward the sea.  The sun was rising before them and they saw its light glint on the distant waves.  At the farthest point in their vision lay the city of Perkinston, home of the Royal Navy on Picon and one of Virgon's last large refuges.  Its harbor had been blockaded for nearly a month by over two hundred ships and many of the crown's vessels on this world were trapped inside.
Barclay Anson looked down at their goal and smiled.  "So near," he said, "and so far."
"General," another officer said, "they have lines at Sandston."
A small city just outside Perkinston, it, too, was still controlled by the foreign Virgan presence on this world.  It lay between the armies of Picon and the naval base.
"I see.  This was expected."  He waved toward his signals officer and a young man wearing an unwieldy backpack ran to the leader's horse where he knelt, pulled the receiver off its side, and held it up for Anson to take.  He turned the numbered dial and depressed the switch along its length.  "Daejang Brooks," he said.  "This is Barclay."
"James Brooks," he answered.  "Status, general?"
"My force is on the ridge and within seven kilometers of Sandston."
"Have you seen Taylor?"
Anson looked to his left along the ridge.  "No.  Her approach from the north was going to take longer than ours."
"Hm.  When her hordes arrive, you will have little time.  Signal me immediately."
"I will."  He was about to turn off the device when he saw a cloud of dust several kilometers away.  "Daejang, stand by.  She may have arrived."
The response was disrupted by a beep in his ear.  He pulled the receiver away from his head and turned the numbered dial.  Now its speaker only played noise.  
Barclay winced and said, "Taylor?"
"We ride, general!"
He smiled at her excitement and looked toward the cloud.  He saw now the cavalry of Shan's rebels moving to the ridge with their many yellow banners.  They had embraced the new weapons the Leonans had given them, but the general kept her cavalry in their frightening armor and long spears.
"I will signal the daejang.  Victory."
"May it fall like Queenstown!  Victory!"
Anson paused and smiled.  He turned the dial again and said, "Daejang, she is here and we are ready.  Begin your run."
"Beginning now.  Victory!"
"Victory."  He handed the receiver down to the signals officer and scanned the ridge for a somewhat flat spot.  "There," he pointed.  He and his senior aides rode forward about fifty meters before they dismounted.  As the signals officer and other aides set up tables and equipment, Barclay raised a telescope and looked toward the city.  A battery of artillery was arrayed on the two approaches he could see, gunners were on some roofs, and the roads were devoid of activity.
"Should we signal Admiral Reung?" Anson's chief advisor asked.
"The admiral is standing by to dispatch a portion of his fleet if they are needed.  Let's see how Brooks fares first."  He heard vehicles behind him but he kept his eye on the city.  Dust from the northern side of the ridge began to blow forward around the stationary cavalry.  In the quiet morning air, he heard the distant calls of birds and the light flapping of his banner in the breeze.  Then he thought he heard a whistle in the distance.  The banging of drums.  He looked toward Sandston and his advisor said, "They've spotted us."
"They have."  In the Virgan lines, they saw plumes of smoke as the artillery began to fire.  Soon, the booms reached them and shells exploded into the countryside, walking up the slope to their position.
Engine noise grew behind him until, finally, a wing of thirty-two aircraft swept over the ridge and toward the small city.  Made up mostly of Leonan Morane 6s, they had been repainted with the colors of Picon and the roar of their propellers forced most of the men and women to duck as they banked to the south.  They then turned north and raked the artillery with gunfire and dropped small bombs when they flew overhead.  Several of the emplacements were destroyed and one Sandston building lost a western-facing wall.  Gun nests throughout the city fired on the planes but none seemed to evidence any damage.  The wing turned again for another pass.  Another building was blown apart and, finally, one of the aircraft, a captured Virgan plane, began to spout thick, black smoke from its engine.  It peeled away from the fight and made for the west where the airfield lay.  A second aircraft was hit and flames poured from its propeller.  The pilot tried to turn, too, but the plane fell into the sea.
"Why did the daejang not launch all their craft?" another general asked.
"To conceal our numbers," Anson said as he surveyed the damage inflicted.  
"The Virgans should know by now."
"'All warfare is deception,'" Barclay said.  "'Appear weak when you are strong.'"
"Yes, general."
He lowered his scope and said, "Our vehicles, move ahead.  Signal Taylor."
"Yes, general."
The signals officer relayed the orders and more engines came to life behind him.  Moments later, fast-moving armored vehicles – Pican and Virgan military vehicles brought east by the rebels as they claimed more territory – tore up the ridge and then down the hill on spiked metal wheels.  Sprays of dirt and grass leapt up behind them as they passed and angled for Sandston.  The armored portions were shaped like an overturned metal boat atop the wheels with panels of metal angled to deflect cannonfire away.  A single gun was mounted to the front in a kind of semi-fixed turret, manned by a someone who sat above the driver.  The rear of the vehicle was open and carried a small squad of soldiers.
Forty of these raced toward the city and before they reached the halfway point, the remaining Virgan artillery continued to fire.  Explosions pounded the hillside and only four of the vehicles were stopped.  When the guncars came to the one-kilometer mark, they began to fire.  Their cannon was sufficient to tear into the walls of the Sandston buildings and to destroy the artillery emplacements that were left.  
The cavalry streamed toward the city from the north and the Virgan cannon on that side were more successful.  Many horses and riders were felled, but the screaming warriors poured into the city, killing all soldiers they met.  In the city's square, concealed by blocks of buildings, a mass of two thousand Redshirts lay in wait, but Taylor Xiulan's hordes were not daunted.  They threw grenades into the crowds as they fired at the cavalry and lured many away from the center and into the winding streets beyond.  A few hundred Virgans made this error and were either trampled or dispatched with a jab from a long spear.
"Infantry," Barclay said, "move in."
Soon, Anson felt a rumbling in the ground beneath his feet and he looked toward the ridge behind him.  Eighteen thousand soldiers marched into view, carrying their rifles and swords, wearing the brown uniforms of their army.  Among them were many bannermen and seeing so many flags of independent Picon filled him with pride.
"Mount," he said.
Once he and his aides were atop their horses again, they trotted lightly behind the infantry.  He looked to the sky and saw a pair of rebel aircraft fighting a pair of Virgan planes.  Is that all they could raise?  Most of the guncars were now circling the city while a line of them streamed in via the major thoroughfare.  He saw only a few of the cavalry from this distance but he heard small arms fire echoing among the buildings.  When another bloom of dust appeared in the north, he knew thousands more rebel infantry were closing on Sandston, too.
"We have won," his aide said.
"The city is not ours yet," Anson cautioned.  "And then, it is not our target."
By the time Barclay's entourage reached the main avenue into Sandston, a parade of Redshirts, bloodied and dirtied, were being marched out by riflemen.  Along the streets, he saw Virgan bodies on the sidewalks and cobblestones, scorch marks on walls, and a damaged guncar, blasted apart with a well-placed Virgan explosive.  At the city square, he beheld dozens of dead Redshirts and more than a few dead cavalry, as well.  He rode his horse to the side of the fountain and the animal bent its head inside to drink.  He dismounted and looked up at the marble statue which poured water continuously from its vase and thought of the similar fountain in front of his old office in Queenstown.
"General," a messenger rode toward him.  "Greetings from Taylor Xiulan."  Barclay nodded respectfully and the young woman continued, "The general has secured the remainder of the city and located two ammunition depots."
"Thank you.  My compliments to her."  She bowed and rode away.
An officer came to him and saluted.  "General, I have word that there are people fleeing along the road to Perkinston.  Do you have orders?"
"Let them flee."  The man turned to leave, but Anson said, "Secure a messenger who will walk to Perkinston under a flag of truce."
"Yes, general."
"The message is, 'The people of Picon demand your surrender.  If you decide not to comply, the citizens of Perkinston are free to depart.'"
Barclay's aide finished writing and gave the paper to him.  "Yes, general."
He sat on the side of the fountain and looked around.  Most of the buildings in the center were undamaged and he hoped Perkinston would fall as easily.  "Miyu," he said.  The aide bowed to him.  "Signal our supply officers to bring the supply train to Sandston."
"Yes, general."
"Then contact the daejang and General Xiulan.  We will set up a command post nearby to coordinate everything."  He took a deep breath and watched his horse continue to drink.  "The siege of Perkinston will begin as soon as we are able."
XXXIV
VIRGON
1,778 Years After Colonization

The halls of Castle Aurelius were long and high and the echo of the queen's boots on the floors resounded.  She was barely thirty and short, and being in this place, a place so very old and so very large, often overwhelmed her.  She stood outside the doors of the war room for a second and took a deep breath.  She felt the weight of centuries on her.  For days, she hadn't looked into the faces of her ancestors' portraits.  She couldn't bear their disapproving glares.  Once she put her hands on the latches, she knew everything was about to change.
"Your majesty," one of the generals said as he stood.  The others followed suit and Margaret walked around the large stone table to her ornate seat at its head.  She wasn't wearing a dress, which wasn't unusual for her.  She wore her typical black riding pants and knee-high boots, a dark blue blouse, and a platinum brooch of her family's sigil on her breast.  She sat and felt the coldness of the wood through her clothes and she suppressed a shiver.  When she looked up, she saw disapproving glares again, but she dismissed it and imagined she was projecting her own fears.
"Be seated."  She scanned the black marble with the inlaid stone worlds and golden suns.  Each of the colonies were detailed enough to place markers on land masses to represent the forces present.  Her eyes landed on Virgon first and then she looked across all four systems.  "Anything new to report from Picon?"
"Little, your majesty," the Lord High General said.  "Perkinston holds, as do our forces in the few castles across the northern continents which remain under our control."
Margaret nodded.  "Well.  I have reached a decision.  It has been a difficult one, but I believe it is in the best interests of Virgon and all our people."  Several heads nodded.  Given the tenor of recent meetings, they could guess at the outcome.  "In close consultation with the Lord High Treasurer, the Lord High Secretary, and the Lord High Chancellor, as well as their many and varied associates, I have decided to endorse their recommendation and I shall do so today."
Mutterings of approval went across the room before an older man stood.  "Your majesty, I fear I must protest again."  The Lord High Steward knew this would lead to more duties being taken away from his Great Office.
"I thank you, Leonard," she said, "but please sit."  He huffed as he did so and the queen faced the younger officials seated farther from the table.  "I would like to particularly thank the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Colonial Secretary for the many hours they spent with me as I drafted this statute."  She looked over her shoulder and a young man handed her a leather-bound folder.  "Once I have announced this and signed it, I will give it to you, Lord President," an older woman bowed, "for an immediate vote by the Parliament."
She opened the folder and looked at the many paragraphs.  She had planned to read it all aloud, but seeing them laid out before her and knowing how she truly felt about this process, Margaret knew she couldn't bear it.  
"'In order to reduce our financial obligations across the colonies and to limit the strain placed upon the Royal Army and the Royal Navy, all colonies of Virgon, both current and future, shall be regarded as dominions.  Sovereign worlds with all accompanying legal freedoms and abilities, with no world superior to another, and united in common allegiance to the crown.'"  She sighed and looked up from the document.  "We shall no longer be known as the Virgon Empire.  These and ours shall form the Virgan Commonwealth of Worlds."  
Some who had been more out of the loop than others were stunned and they gasped loudly.  In looking around and seeing the dour yet accepting mood of the rest, they quietened and focused on the queen.
"Once the Parliament of a colony has approved this statute, the governor or other appointed leader shall be named governor-general, entrusting them with the leadership of their dominion and its defense."
"Therein lies our hope," the Lord High Secretary said.  Some said, "Here, here," and tapped the table.
Days ago in a secret conference with the Great Officers, the queen asked, "I understand the desire to maintain a leash on them, Lord High General, but if we are not providing any aid, why should they continue to feel beholden unto me?"
He had answered, "Loyalty, your majesty.  And, perhaps, a sense of momentum.  In the coming days, Virgon may yet require their aid."  Margaret nodded then and seemed satisfied at the time, but now in the war room, she grew more unsettled and thought that notions of loyalty would wane as each dominion appreciated their newfound freedom.
The queen continued to speak as she looked at the folder, "Different statutes are being prepared for each of the dominions to align with their situations."  She began to flip through pages, "Aerilon, Caprica, Gemenon, Picon, Sagittaron, and Tauron.  Aquarion shall be released into the care of our universities, so long as they deem fit to support the science station there."  She closed the folder and handed it back to her attendant.  "That will consume a great deal of our attention for the days to come, but what of the more pressing issues in the colonies?"
The Lord High General looked across the marble table.  "Assuming each becomes a dominion, their governors-general will have to deal with the Leonans."
A field marshal grumbled, "And their subterfuge."
Margaret leaned forward in her chair and stared at Helios Alpha.  "And I will make it clear to the governors-general that I expect them to maintain the fight.  So long as Leonis sponsors rebellion in their own dominions, it is in each worlds' best interests."  The military leaders nodded.  "And, suffice it to say, it is in our best interests that we appear strong.  That these … changes don't erroneously lead certain elements to believe that we are weak or that an opportunity lies before them."  She looked at the table map again.  "Our best chance for such a statement appears to be Picon.  Lord High Secretary, find a suitable candidate to be named governor-general to replace that fool Bretley."
"Yes, your majesty."
"The 'Hollow Rebellion' persisted for too long under my mother, and through our inactivity, the Picos were emboldened."  A few of the officers lowered their heads.  "Lord High Admiral," Margaret straightened and crossed her legs as a woman looked from the map to the monarch, "prepare a fleet.  The Royal Navy will deposit the governor-general there once they are selected and help them secure their position."
XXXV
CAPRICA
1,778 Years After Colonization

Paul Androv kept his hands in his pockets as he walked the cold streets of Rhodes.  The vapor of his breath preceded him and he kept his head low, as he usually did.  The streets and sky were gray and unclouded, much like many of the buildings.  Splashes of color were few and far between and what little he spied was meant to draw the eye to a sign or a business.  A vehicle drove past and he glanced up only long enough to see that it wasn't a police car.  When he reached the door of the tea house, he looked in the window and saw Emil, the owner, and her.
He walked inside and the bell on the door gave off its broken chime.  Emil nodded toward him and Paul withdrew his hands from his pockets.  He stood at the entrance and stomped his feet a couple of times to remove the snowy grime from the city's walks before he went to the table next to hers.  He sat diagonally opposite from her and he brushed his coat to the side so it wouldn't be pressed against the seat back.
"I prefer to face the door," he said.
She answered, "I was here first."
He nodded and Emil brought him tea.  The tall, thin glass sat in an ornate ring of gold-colored metal with a gentle, curving handle and it sat on tiny clawed feet.  The glass jostled in the ring a little as he dragged it over the wooden table.  He hovered his hand around the glass so the tea's warmth could radiate to his nearly numb fingers.  He noticed the golden tones of the tea and the table nearly matched that of his skin when she spoke again.
"Did you read it?"
He didn't answer right away.  Instead, he picked up the glass and let the steam warm his mouth and nose.  Before he sipped, he said, "No."  The bitter tea caused his lips to curl and he sat the glass down again.  He lifted a grooved honey dipper from the small ceramic pot on his table and let the thick liquid fall into the glass.  As he did, an unfolded page was slid across the table.
"By the order of Her Royal Majesty, Queen Margaret the Third, Long May She Reign, …"
"I didn't read it," Androv said, "but I read about it."
"You should read the whole thing."
He looked at her directly for the first time.  Sonya Morgan had a round face with perpetually disapproving eyes.  She always spoke down to him and he took it personally until he realized she did that with everyone.
"The Empire is dead.  Long live the Commonwealth."
She shook her head.  "That's not the most important part."
"I know."  He stirred the tea with a small golden rod from the table.  After the clinking was complete, he put it back on the napkin and sipped.  Much better.
"Devon Nicholas cannot be allowed total control of the military."
"He's the governor," he set the glass down, "so he'll likely be the governor-general once you pass the statute."
"As it stands now," Sonya looked away and sipped her own tea, "yes."
"You think something will change?"
She nodded.  "The special elections are in ten days.  The statute won't be considered until the new members have been seated."
"How many seats?"
"Twenty-four."
Paul looked at her again.  Finally, their eyes met.  "Do you think we'll win all twenty-four?"
"Of course not."
He broke their gaze and looked back at his tea.  "Then why be optimistic?"
"We will not win them all, but we can win most."
"Is that enough?"
"For a plurality, yes."
He didn't want to admit that he didn't really know what that meant.  "And what would you do with your plurality?  Destroy the old ways with haste?  I think not."
"We would force Nicholas out of power."
Androv chuckled.  "Do you think you would have enough support?  Even if twenty-four more of us are elected?"
"You are not on the Federal Council.  You do not know how unpopular he has become."
Emil moved in the kitchen and Paul's eyes were drawn to it.  He looked back down at the table and said, "Perhaps.  And, perhaps, you overestimate your own chances."
Sonya didn't respond.  She looked at the table and put a small sugar-dusted cookie in her mouth.  They sat in silence as she chewed before she finally asked, "And what would you do?"
He looked toward the kitchen and saw that Emil was out of sight.  With a low voice, Androv said, "The shift to a dominion will bring instability.  The army is still occupied in the south with Dordogne."  He nodded his head, "It will be the time to strike."
Morgan huffed through her nose and loudly set her tea back on the tabletop.  She looked out toward the street and said, "You're mad."
"We've been preparing this for years.  You as well."
"But there's a chance now that we can change everything without the need for fighting."
"'Change brings with it an air of sameness.'"  He pointed to the empty spot on the table where the page had been.  "The statute says these dominions will still have allegiance to the crown.  That allegiance has always meant we're fighting the Leonans in Dordogne.  It means we're paying taxes …"
"Those taxes aren't going to Virgon any longer."
"They'll still be collected."
Sonya shook her head.  "The Council will review all the taxes."
Paul smiled, "You'll find a way to keep collecting it, even if you change who ends up with the money."
"Useless."  She pushed the small plate of cookies away and leaned back in her chair.  "You won't be able to gather enough people together without the police knowing about it."
"That's why I'm leaving."
She looked at him again.  "Leaving?  Where?"
"To Capricoria."
She scoffed.  "That's still Rhodia."
"It's over the North Sea and you know Nicholas' hand isn't so firm in Cyllene."
"It's a lawless frontier."
"So says the governor."  Paul slid his chair back and reached into his pocket.  As he placed a couple of coins on the table, he said, "Good luck with your elections."
Morgan opened her mouth to speak, but she hesitated.  Finally, she said, "I would wish you luck, as well, but I don't believe I want you to succeed."
"After all these years, working together," he stood, "is this how you would part?"
She thought and then stood.  She extended her hand and he shook it.  "I wish you luck, even if I don't wish the same for your efforts."
"That'll do."  He closed his coat again and walked to the door.  After the door closed behind him and the broken bell's dinging was silent, he looked in both directions and began the walk home.  He had to pack.

A few days later, the steamship reached the Port of Capricoria.  The city was large but its buildings were low and largely wooden.  The streets bustled with activity and Paul stood near the seaside and looked across everything in sight.  There was a dirtiness, a grittiness, in everything around him.  This did feel like a frontier of sorts.  Unpolished and with a sense of danger at the near-unknown.
When the Virgans and Leonans laid claim on Caprica centuries ago, they chose opposing sides of the same continental mass, Andros, with the Virgans in the north and the Leonans in the south.  The continent of Cyllene lay largely unexplored until Marcella Bale's expeditions, and even afterward, the Empires were reluctant to plant their flags on such an untamed wilderness.  The nation of Rhodia did so first, annexing what had been the free city of Capricoria, but distance kept the Virgan puppet state largely uninvolved.
Androv walked up one gravel street and passed a few buildings of brick and concrete.  Government buildings.  He noted the graffiti on them and kept walking with his head lowered.  He heard loud conversations in the open markets, very unlike those in Rhodes, and he noted the differences in everyone's accents.  When he turned a corner, he looked east toward the near mountain range and he stared, wondering how far away they were.
"Paul?"
He saw a woman in a thick, brown coat sitting atop a wagon with the horse's reins in her hands.  She was smiling broadly and the sight struck him.  "Irina?"
She leapt off the wagon and embraced him, pushing him off balance and causing him to drop his bundle.  Dazed by the surprise display of emotion, he was slow to return the hug.  "It's a fair thing to see you again now!" she exclaimed.
She pulled away from him, still smiling and he wondered at her carefree attitude.  He glanced around the city and knew that it had to be this place.  "The same with you."
She pushed his shoulder, "You could show it then."  Irina leaned over to pick up his bag and she immediately took it to the cart.
"Sorry."
"No mind."  She climbed back into her place and slapped the side.  "Get on."
He climbed onto the wagon and she gave the reins a jerk.  The horse started to walk and Androv struggled to find his place on the bench next to her.  "You've not been to Rhodia in a decade or more, hm?"
"Not since discharge."
He nodded and looked around more freely.  "Glad you kept in touch."
"Weren't me."
"You know what I mean."
She smiled and turned the wagon onto the dirt road leading toward the mountains.  Once the bustle of Capricoria was behind them, her expression became hard and she asked, "How is it?"
"Worse.  I wouldn't be here, otherwise."
"I saw the statute.  The general's saying that's our opening."
"I agree.  It's why I've come."
Beyond the tall grass and after a few lengths of fences around small farms, they came within sight of a camp.  Tents were erected all about with tall wooden structures at each corner of the property.  They were waved inside by a man at the gate and once they parked the wagon, they climbed down and saw a company of hundreds being led in morning drills.  They wore black uniforms and their officer paced in front of them, barking orders.  
As he gathered his bags, Irina looked at him and said, "Welcome to the Legionnaires."
XXXVI
TAURON
1,778 Years After Colonization

The governor stood at her window and stared into the night.  The moon appeared dark, but its rings shone brightly, silhouetting the near world and covering a large portion of the night sky.  Her breathing was shallow and she did what she could to minimize the disturbance to her tight, fashionable dress.
"Lady Jane?"
"Yes."
"I've come, as you've requested."
She looked over her shoulder and saw Sir Albert Munio, one of her top advisors.  "Good evening."
"I see you've not moved since the ball."
She shook her head.  "Too much to do."
Munio walked across the darkened office and stood by the corner of the governor's desk so he could see at least some of her face.  "Governor, you need to rest.  Tomorrow will be very busy indeed."
"I will."  She didn't move.
Sir Albert looked at the desktop and saw a copy of the statute still lying there, where it had been placed three hours before during their emergency meeting.  He decided to change the subject and lighten the mood.  "I saw yet another petition today.  The natives still want to rename the city Minos after their old ways and traditions."  He forced himself to chuckle.  "The same name as their moon.  That would certainly be confusing."  He smiled and looked at her but she didn't respond in any way.  He lowered his head and volume, "How might I help you, my lady?"
The silence was long.  Finally, after a loud swallow, she asked, "Is there anything for it?"
They had this conversation during the emergency meeting.  "No, my lady.  I don't believe so."  When she didn't react, he continued, using some of the same arguments and statements he had heard earlier, "Defending Tauron has been too great a drain for the crown for too long.  And we provide too little in recompense, in either trade or taxes, for her majesty to reconsider."
"We can't fight it."
"No, my lady.  The statute is a formality for our Parliament to pass, but we have been sundered from Virgon.  That is clear."
She nodded once.  "And the people?"
"Once our newly independent government fails to provide as needed, all will be lost.  The rebels will gain ground, not only amongst the rabble, but amongst the poor and the merchants as well, and their numbers are far too great."  After a pause, he added, "Our only solace is that the Lions fare as badly as we on Tauron."
Jane turned away from the window.  Shadows wrapped about her face and she looked at him squarely with wide eyes.  "And what of us?"
"If it comes to it, you may order our forces to secure the city.  We will be safe."
"For a time."
"Yes, I suppose."  She turned back to the window and stared blankly at Tauron City below.  "Do you wish to make preparations for evacuation?" he asked.
Another long pause.  "Seems premature."
"Certainly."
"We could send word to all Virgan residents, though.  Encourage them to relocate within their cities' walls for their own safety."
"I will consult our directories."  She nodded.  "Is there anything else, governor?"
"No.  Thank you."  He hesitated, but Sir Albert bowed and then left her office.
Lady Jane remained there, staring into the night.
XXXVII
PICON
1,778 Years After Colonization

The recently knighted general stood on the command deck and held the hilt of his sword.  He had never worn a white uniform before, but with his new rank, he relished it.
"Are you ready, governor-general?" Catrina Pemberton asked.
Sir Matthew Lee nodded.  He said, "I am," and held his breath.
The command staff of the Virgan battlecruiser Vanguard went to work with one officer calling out, "Engine room reports the spinners are ready."
The commodore moved toward the helmsman's wheels and stood with her back against the high railing.  She leaned against it, folding her arms behind herself, and gripping the rail with both hands.  "Mr. Bennett, all ships are to depart."
"Aye, commodore."  The officer depressed buttons and said, "All ships of Neptune Alpha, discharge engines in ten.  Repeat, discharge in ten.  Mark."
It had been years since the governor-general had been in an FTL jump, but he recalled the disturbance to his bowels.  He gripped the brass railing, too, and tried to rein in his worried expression as he looked out the main viewport.
"Discharging, now."
His skin tingled and he swooned.  The viewport glowed white and flashed away to darkness.  Then, as he regained his sense of balance, he felt his stomach protest.  He looked around the room to see if anyone else had noticed his discomfort, but he was pleased to see that most were still recovering themselves.
"Status, Mr. Bennett?" Pemberton asked.
The young officer flipped switches and pressed a device against his ear.  "In position and all accounted for, commodore."
"Very good."  She turned and nodded at Lee.  "Let us get you to your post, governor-general."
"I would be obliged."
"Plot course for Perkinston.  Helm, ahead one-quarter."  The astrogator called out directions to the helm officer who began turning one of the two wheels.  The commodore walked to the left side of the room where a young woman was moving dials and sliding a scope on rails across the wall near her.  "Spotter."
"Still looking, commodore.  No signals to report."  She clicked the brass scope into the next position, turned the dial, and moved it again.  Finally, she said, "Spot, commodore!  Leonan ship.  Small … a corvette.  Provence-class.  Distance … twenty thousand kilometers."
"Any movement?"
"None yet, commodore."
Catrina nodded.  "Maintain surveillance."  She looked at the helm and navigation positions and the large counters displayed there.  Once the distance meter read the number she'd been waiting for, she ordered, "Hold our position here.  Send the destroyers on."
"Holding!"  The crew spun wheels and pulled levers to stop their approach while the communications officer signaled the other ships.
Lee gripped the hilt of his sword again and left the railing.  He stood next to the captain and looked through the viewport at the blue world below.  He saw green shapes beneath the white clouds and he puffed out his chest, knowing that this world was granted to him by the queen.  Three smaller Virgan ships neared those clouds, closing on the surface.
Catrina turned toward fire control.  "Targets?"
"Selected, commodore."
"Fire."
Vanguard launched a barrage of missiles toward the surface and they streamed past the descending ships.  Gun emplacements surrounding Perkinston and Sandston were obliterated and hundreds of soldiers were killed.  The destroyers then disappeared into the clouds.
"Destroyers have their targets," Bennett said.
"Have them fire."
"Destroyers, fire.  Repeat, fire."
The prows of the destroyers opened to reveal missile tubes and cannon deployed from four positions on each of the port, starboard, ventral, and dorsal sides.  At once, six missiles left each of the vessels.  They fanned out across the sky and spread to the surface where each had its own destination.  Each of the missiles from the Firedrake struck Pican positions around the perimeter of Perkinston.  The Tigress hit the town of Sandston and the many Pican forces billeted there.  The Hornet's missiles found their marks in the bay, destroying many reux blockading the port.  
Explosions tore across the land, throwing cannon, horses, and soldiers aside.  Earthenworks were obliterated and siege machines, built in recent days, were torn apart.  Guncars, stables, supply wagons, and aircraft were destroyed on the ground, or soon became engulfed in flame.  Seven aircraft managed to take off and they began a futile engagement with the destroyers.  While the aircraft were far more nimble, the guns of the Virgan vessels made short work of the attackers.
The destroyers reloaded their missiles and fired again.  Then, the three vessels leveled their descent and began to circle both Sandston and Perkinston, firing their cannon at targets which presented themselves.  
"Spotter?" Pemberton faced the young officer.  "Any movement from the Lions?"
"There is a cruiser now, Bretagne-class.  Forty thousand kilometers away, but no further movement."
"Good.  Dispatch the landing parties."
The hammer-headed transport ships Excester and Botwulf each released their complements of nine shuttles.  Without opposition, the eighteen vessels landed on the ground between Sandston and Perkinston and opened their rear hatches.  Two guncars drove out from each, followed by more than one hundred Redshirts.  There were now two guncar companies and two full battalions of Virgan soldiers on the ground to rout the remaining rebels.  The guncars pushed ahead first, firing large cannisters toward the enemy lines.  Thick, blue smoke erupted from them and lingered among the trenches and mounds where the Picans were positioned.  The wind only dispersed it some and it crept along the fields, following the soldiers as they retreated.
In the shadow of the stone Virgan admiralty building in Perkinston, across from the marble-columned governmental complex, a shuttle from Vanguard landed.  Its hatch opened and Governor-General Sir Matthew Lee stepped out onto the cobblestones of the city square.  He saw the bomb and fire damage on the buildings around him, caused by days of shelling from the Picans on both land and sea.  He nodded once and held the handle of his sword at his waist again.  He smiled and said, "Let us get to work.  I would like to be in Queenstown within the year."

The escape from Sandston and Perkinston took three days.  Barclay Anson reached the city of Tangya first and began an assessment of the loss as the airwing's leader arrived.
"General."  James Brooks stepped into the small shed and held the edge of his black coat.  He wavered as he did so and the former Virgan commander studied his comrade.  The right side of his face was reddened and swollen.  His breathing was labored.
"Daejang," Anson said as he stood.  "Dare I ask how you have fared?"
"More than half, gone.  A quarter to their missiles.  A quarter to their gases."  His words became distorted by excess phlegm.  "And nearly myself."
"I am sorry.  We have suffered the same, though I escaped their gases."
Finally, Brooks coughed and croaked, "Have you heard from Admiral Reung?"
Barclay nodded.  "Seafire was struck by a missile.  It has sunk.  The admiral and most of his staff were able to escape and they are now regrouping off Lantau."
He grunted.  "Xiulan?"
"I've not heard from General Taylor or her staff.  I fear the worst."
The air seemed to be finally pressed from the daejang's lungs and he sat on a bale of hay.  He wheezed and looked out of the shed into the waning sunlight of the day.  He said with a thin voice, "What are we to do?"
Anson saw his aide, Miyu, come within view but he quickly waved her away.  He looked again at the old man and saw the glint of despair in his eyes.  "We will regroup.  We will repair, heal.  Then, we will fight again."
Brook nodded.  "We will."  
"I have a measure of good news.  Word of the assault has reached across the world.  The efforts against smaller Virgan cities are on hold and their forces are making ready to reinforce us.  As for the people, those who were not swayed to our cause before are now joining us."
His eyebrows raised.  "Even the blue bloods?"  A slang term for those Picans who still felt loyalty for the crown.
"One can hope."
"It is good news."  He coughed again and then faced the general, "Shall we call the Leonans?"
"They need to be made aware, if nothing else."
"Will we ask them to intervene?"
Barclay glanced across the pages of inventory on the small table.  "We need more supplies.  You need more planes.  We can ask for that."
The daejang stood and resumed his commanding stance.  He cleared his throat and said, "The fight is ours, though."
Anson stood, too, and offered his hand.  As they shook, he said, "It is."
XXXVIII
LEONIS
1,778 Years After Colonization

"Mes dieux."
The president of the Leonan Union took his small eyeglasses from his face and lay them on the table.  Through his blurred vision, he could see the faces of the ministers staring at him.  
He cleared his throat and asked, "What have they requested?"
"More weapons, more aircraft," the minister of foreign affairs, Gaston-Robert Ribot, said.  "They've not asked for direct intervention."
"They could, if they wished it," the minister of war, Adele Perrin, interjected.  "Orbital bombardment is specifically mentioned in our agreement as a trigger."
"Chemical weapons, as well," an admiral said.
Jules Carnot put the glasses back on his nose and he looked at the notice from Picon.  "The Virgans reclaimed Perkinston and much of the eastern coast of the Shan continent.  In just days."
The war minister straightened in her chair, "The Picans are fine fighters, but they lack the materiel to stand against the Empire."
"They've requested spacecraft, too," Ribot said.  
"Did we not give them some?" a general asked.  "Years ago?"
"They have two destroyers still," Adele said.  "Both are parked at Queenstown to protect the capital.  An older cruiser we gave them was destroyed in defense of Pailyn three years ago.  The others they have are corvettes and they're involved at other sieges of Virgan cities."
Carnot sighed, "Do we have any to spare?"
"Old transports that were to be scrapped," a general said.  "Few with weapons, however.  A dozen spacecraft, at most."
"Send them," the president said.  "Will that please the Picans?"
"It may."  Perrin tapped her finger on the table.  "We must discuss Virgon and what the crown's intentions may be."
Gaston-Robert nodded.  "It is a show of strength.  They are no longer the Empire, but they are still strong, the queen says with this."
"I agree," the president said.  "Why Picon?  Why choose Picon for such a thing?"
Adele inhaled sharply and looked toward the ceiling as she thought.  "Caprica is safely theirs and Dordogne is no longer a vassal to us.  We've had no claim on Gemenon for centuries.  Our territory on Tauron is down to a few cities, but Virgon's grip on the rest is tenuous.  They're in no position to expand and the people won't let them.  They have no presence on Scorpia.  We no longer have any on Sagittaron."  She nodded and faced the president.  "Picon is the logical choice.  Theirs is an open revolt, with Leonis just as openly supporting the rebels.  Picon may be just a dominion now of Virgon, but with this, Margaret is saying they will still aid their family."
Jules had only been president for six weeks.  He leaned onto the table and held his hands before him.  He thought of his old office in the ministry of finance building with its lovely view of the Argentan River and he missed it.  "Should we make our stand there, too?  Make a statement of our own?"
Ribot shrugged.  "If the Picans request it."
"Or if the Virgans appear in force," Perrin added, "yes."
"Very well.  How many ships are in orbit there now?"
"Six.  Solely for monitoring and communications."
"Would it be feasible to …" he held his breath and looked into the war minister's face for approval, "double it?  And add more warships?"
"Yes, Mr. President."
"Good.  Very good."
"I did have another suggestion, sir," Gaston-Robert began.  "It is to do with the stability of Virgon's new commonwealth."
"I see."
The old man stroked one side of his moustache and placed his other hand just inside the opening of his black jacket, behind the red and yellow sash that marked his office.  "This commonwealth will mean less expenditures for Virgon, but it means each dominion will be under greater pressure to defend themselves.  We have friends, still, on Caprica, in Dordogne.  The government of Rhodia is fairly stable at the moment but they are dealing with their own revolutionaries.  On Tauron, we have some allies among the people, and their ire is focused upon Tauron City, controlled by the Virgans.  Not Hypatia, where we still rule."
Carnot shook his head, "What are you suggesting?"
"Mr. President, we have allies still on Picon, Caprica, Tauron, and even Sagittaron.  With a judicious disbursement of funds, we can continue to fuel the fires of rebellion even longer.  Even against these supposedly independent dominions."
Jules pushed away from the table.  "We have done this for years.  Save for Picon, we have seen little result, yet you wish to continue?  Toward what end?"
"We will place a strain on these new dominion governments so they will have to ask the queen for aid."  Some around the table began to nod.  "The Empire may be gone, but we can still drain their accounts as we have before."
"And ours in the process!" the president said.  He scanned the table for the finance minister, and when he found her, he leaned forward and pointed a finger at her, "Marie.  You told me the deficits this year will reach a record number."
"They will."
"I am sorry.  We cannot afford a spending war against Virgon!"
"Mr. President," Perrin began, "we cannot afford a shooting war against them either."
"This way," Ribot said, "we can keep Virgon weak and off balance.  If they are allowed to enjoy their swelled accounts, now that they no longer have to care for their colonies, they will build up their fleets."
Adele interrupted, "They could build more of their new Atlas-class ships, which we have yet to counter."
Gaston-Robert shook his head.  "Leonis cannot afford that."
Carnot leaned back and let his head touch the pillowed top of the chair back.  He looked at the ceiling of this chamber and his eyes traced the swirl of plaster and metal about the base of the golden chandelier.  There were spots of white paint on the ceiling that were peeling and there were cracks in the plaster.  The gold-colored metal of the chandelier was tarnished.  A few of the bulbs were out.  All around him, he saw the excess of Leonis juxtaposed with decades of decline.  After the fall of the monarchy, the world spent its money elsewhere because the Assembly had a greater control of its purse.  Three decades since the Revolution, they still couldn't find enough to maintain their fledgling government, now on its fourth constitution.
He sighed and said, "I will demand a measure of responsibility here.  I want each ministry to sacrifice five percent of their budgets this year."  Some of the cabinet groaned and he whipped his head to look at them.  "Five percent!  It must be done, or Leonis will suffer the more!  I will review each ministry in turn with you, and if you cannot find your five percent, I shall assist you."  The room went quiet with most of the ministers looking at the table, fuming.  "Ministers Perrin, Ribot," he glanced at them both, "you may carry out your plans."
XXXIX
CAPRICA
1,778 Years After Colonization

"Good morning, soldier."
Paul looked up at the storekeeper and his wide grin and full beard.  "Good morning."
"Sorry, then.  Officer."  The older man pointed at the silver pins on his collar.  "Didn't see that then."
He smiled and said, "That's quite alright."  He pushed a slip of paper over the counter.  "General Stepan sent me to give you this.  He said it was …"
"Yes, yes."  The storekeeper took the page and squinted as he read it.  "Tell the general I'll have what I can ready this evening before sundown and order the rest."
Androv put his black hat back on and nodded.  "Thank you, sir."
"Thank you."
On the streets of Capricoria, the colonel lingered.  He left the general store and walked past the windows of other shops, through the farmer's market, past the stables.  He stepped up onto the wooden walkway by a series of artisan shops and he stopped at the window of a candlemaker.  The window was open to let cool air blow into the candle shop and Paul saw why this would be preferable.  Beneath the stone and metal counter by the window, there was a small fire with stones and coal spread beneath several vats of colored wax.  The tall man behind the counter held a metal rod with a pair of dripping candles on either end, connected by their wicks.  He lowered them both into the red wax three, then four times.  He then dipped them into water before he began to dip them into yellow wax.  Behind him, an apprentice was using oddly shaped tools to carve a larger candle, flicking the malleable shards of warm wax into a bin.
"Good morning, colonel."
Androv turned and saw another smiling face.  "Constable Lenko."  He extended his hand and she shook it.  "Good morning."
She looked into the shop and nodded.  "Mikhail."
"Morning, constable."  He continued to dip the candles.
"I see why you like to come here, colonel."  She held her hands behind her back.  "It is calming."
"It is.  Like all of Capricoria."  Paul didn't look away from the master.  "How fares the city today?"
"Cool and quiet.  Another ship from the south arrived this morning, so the merchants are pleased."
"Good."
She looked at him.  "And the Legionnaires?"
Androv faced her.  "We are well.  Continuing our training.  Preparations."
"I understand there is confusion in Rhodes over the statute."  She took a step closer and lowered her voice, "Perhaps you will be leaving us soon?"
"Perhaps."  He looked into her eyes and said, "If you fear that instability may spread, the general has not forgotten his agreement.  If the Rhodians return, he will defend the city."
"I did not doubt it."  She began to walk and she said as she passed behind him, "Take care now."
"You as well, constable."
The colonel walked back toward his hitched horse and passed another farmer's market.  An excited man there tried to give him a strip of fried meat, but Androv waved him away.  Once atop his horse, he looked at the city around him again and rode east.
In the Legionnaires' camp, a private took the reins as Paul climbed down.  He saw Irina Wright marching beside a column of black-shirted soldiers and he jogged to catch up to her.
"Colonel."
She whipped her head toward him and smiled.  "Colonel."
"Where are your soldiers off to?"
"The range.  The latest rifles from our Leonan friends have arrived.  Perhaps you can show them your tricks?"
"No, no," he chuckled.  "You were always the better shot."
"That is true."
Paul watched the young faces march away and he again felt worried.  Most have never seen action.  None of the Legionnaires have in six years since they ran the Rhodians off Cyllene.  An opportunity presents itself, yet we may not be ready.
"Colonel!"  A corporal came running down the path toward them.  "Colonel Androv!"
"Yes?"
"You have a call."
Paul's eyes narrowed and he glanced at Irina.  "Lead the way."
He followed the young man up the hill toward the administration buildings and entered the communications office.  There he saw General Stepan, sitting at a table with a pen in hand.
"Forgive my eavesdropping, colonel," he said, "but I will need to hear this, too."
"Yes, sir."  Androv sat in the chair by the wireless equipment and the corporal turned a few dials.  He slid the microphone to him and Paul immediately pressed the 'send' button.  "Paul Androv."
"It is good to hear your voice."
He blinked in disbelief.  "Sonya?  How did you find me?"
"I have my ways."
He looked at the general and became fearful.  "You've found a transmitter that isn't being monitored, yes?"
"How long have I been a politician in Rhodes?"  There was her familiar condescending tone.  "Do you think I would transmit to you if I thought the police might be listening?"
"Apologies."  Stepan struck a match and lit a cigarette.  "How did your elections go?"
"You've not heard."
"No."
"Good," Wagner said.  "It's why I've called.  We won nineteen of the twenty-four seats.  That gave us enough to change the course of the debate.  When we reconvened a few weeks ago, we passed the queen's statute with the stipulation that no one currently holding a government seat could be appointed governor-general.  Nicholas resigned, thinking that would allow him to get the appointment, but the Council only gave him ten votes out of one hundred."
Androv felt some relief, "So Governor Nicholas is gone."
"He is.  We named General Anna Kolchak as governor-general."
Stepan's eyebrows raised and he began scribbling on the paper.  "I see," Paul said to buy time.  "And you believe she will do well?"
"She gave us assurances in private meetings ahead of the vote.  She could be the one we've been waiting for."
Androv took the page from the general and scanned it quickly.  "Duplicitous.  Loyal to Gen. Gorkin in the south."
Paul sighed and pushed it back.  "Sonya, 'beware the quiet lagoon.'"
The signal was quiet for a moment.  "You know her?"
"Of her, yes.  Keep an eye on her."
She sighed.  "I will.  Goodbye, Paul."
"Goodbye."  He pushed the microphone away and the channel became static.  The corporal turned the volume down.
Stepan blew smoke into the air and said, "With Nicholas, I knew we were dealing with a greedy fool and there was an inevitability to him.  With Kolchak," he shook his head and took another drag from his cigarette, "I cannot say."
Androv stood.  "Then we must be ready to go at a moment's notice."

Four months later, the city of Rhodes was paralyzed by winter.  The open markets were closed by order of the governor-general and food supplies were regulated by the government.  Strikes erupted across Rhodia and industry and mining ground to a halt.  On a cold morning, hundreds of people from one neighborhood gathered outside a closed shop, designated as a distribution point for the week's food.  Men and women brought their children to help carry the supplies of bread, oats, rice, vegetables, or, if they were fortunate, meat or fruit.  Some had simple carts, wheelbarrows, and children's toys to ferry the goods home.  The wind from the nearby river whipped at all of them, and despite their many layers of pants, shirts, robes, and coats, they all felt it.
"Ruth!" a sixty-year-old woman called out.
Confused in the wind which blew a scarf over her face, Ruth scanned the line of her neighbors and saw her friend there.  "Julia."  She trudged through the days-old snow and ice to her, dragging a simple wire basket behind her.  She looked at the man standing behind Ruth in line and asked, "May I?"  He nodded but it might just as easily have been a shiver.
Once Julia was in line with her, Ruth said, "Warmer today."
"Is it?  I couldn't tell."
Ruth brought her left arm across her front.  Her right arm shivered and shook the old toy wagon she had with her.  "What are you hoping for today?"
"Oh," Julia's breath clouded in front of her face and lingered, "The chicken two weeks ago was good."
"Mm.  I'm hoping for beef."  Julia looked at her incredulously and Ruth shrugged, "I said, 'hope.'"
"Oh."
They were quiet for a moment and looked at the river a few blocks away.  Nearer, though, were the lines of dockworkers holding placards in front of the still boats.  They marched slowly, just enough to warm themselves but not enough to create more cold wind against their faces.
"Another stoppage," Ruth said.
Julia shook her head, "Ungrateful."
"It's because of them we're in lines like this."
"Well," Julia began, "there's more than that."
"Mm?"
"Peter's cousin is a farmer, you know."
"Right."
"He said the governor-general sent them orders," she stopped and stared at a gray-clad police officer who walked by.  "Sent them orders," she said, quietly, "to divert food away from the markets and cities."
"Why?"
"For the war in Dordogne."
Ruth groaned and brushed her arms against her torso to generate a little heat.  "Our food goes to Dordogne.  Our sons and daughters go to Dordogne."
"'The Forever War.'"  Julia coughed and reached up with her hand to pull the edges of her headscarf closer to her cheeks.  "Less food for us and everyone's families.  No pay for the government workers and industries while they fund the fighting."  She nodded her head toward the dockworkers.  "Stoppages."
Ruth grunted again.  "Working would keep you warmer in the cold than holding a sign."
Julia nodded.  "I might get a job on the dock if it's warm enough."
The people in front of them began to move and they shuffled forward.  "Thank the gods," Ruth said.  "They're open."
Julia leaned out from the line to see the front but she couldn't see the door of the distribution shop.  Instead, she saw a line of white-jacketed soldiers marching down the road.  "What's this?"
Two hundred soldiers of the government walked past the distribution line toward the dockworkers.  Soon, the men in coats holding signs were obstructed by those in white.  An officer raised a megaphone and shouted, "By order of the governor-general, you are commanded to resume work at once!"  A minute or so passed during which time the protestors only yelled and jeered, and the officer shouted again, "One final time, by the order of the governor-general, you are commanded to disperse!  Do so now or face the consequences!"
Ruth and Julia shared a look and then they shuffled after the line as it slowly moved up.  Julia saw the soldiers raise their rifles from the ground and bring them to their shoulders.  "They're not going to …"
"Fire!" 
Two hundred Rhodian soldiers fired into the crowd of sixty.  The dockworkers screamed and collapsed beyond the sight of everyone else.  The hundreds in the food line cried out, some with anger and some with fear.  The soldiers fired again and their targets went quiet.
"No," a man said as he stepped away from the food line.  "This isn't right."  A few people left with him and they strode across the street and snow toward the soldiers.  "What are you doing?!" he yelled.  
"Return to the line!" the officer shouted.  The soldiers turned to face them with their rifles still raised.  A few of those who approached slowed, seeing the threat, but the rest were still angered and vocal.  "Return to the line!"  
Julia brought her hand to her mouth.  "Oh no."
The soldiers fired at the small group of citizens.  They fell immediately, but some of the soldiers missed and their bullets struck the people who had been waiting in line fifty meters away.  The crowd panicked and screamed.  Some rushed out toward the soldiers, but the rest fled in every direction.  
The soldiers, young and inexperienced, fresh from having been ordered to fire on their own people a few moments before, now looked at a crowd larger their own company.  They saw the fear and anger on the faces as they moved confusingly, darting around.  Some were coming toward them.  A private raised his rifle and aimed at one woman.  He fired.  The soldiers next to him fired and soon, the entire company shot at the people who were fleeing the food line.
"Cease fire!" the officer yelled.  "Cease fire!"
The shooting had lasted for nearly a full minute.  Sixty dockworkers were dead.  More than one hundred other people lay dead near them with dozens more injured.  Ruth had been trampled in the confusion and she tried to stand on her broken leg.  She looked across the bodies, their blood seeping into the dirty snow.  Lying against the building where they were standing moments before, she saw Julia with a single bloody hole in her coat.  The soldiers spread out, forming a perimeter, and police officers' whistles blew all around.
XL
SAGITTARON
1,779 Years After Colonization

The prime minister and the leaders of Parliament stepped onto the balcony of the government building in Tawa and looked down into the streets.  They were stunned to see that no scrap of pavement was visible.  There were only people, from north to south, from east to west, everywhere within sight.  Many were jubilant and some held up signs, but she didn't read them.  She focused instead on her statement.  A young man raised a microphone toward her face and Madeline Walton moved toward it, holding the page at that safe range where her vision was good enough without needing glasses.
"My people," she began, "the Parliament of Sagittaron has voted upon the Statute of Queen Margaret, issued five months past.  We have used this time to gather our resources and plan for the future of our world without the Virgon Empire's aid.  We have done so, and the Parliament has voted to approve the statute just moments ago."
The crowd cheered.  Walton looked across the city center and saw people climbing trees and streetlights for a better view.  Some held up large banners and jumped up and down with them.  Some, she thought, may have been dancing, but she realized that was just the jostling of thousands.
"I am honored that the Parliament has selected me to be named governor-general as we continue to reshape our government and work toward making ours an independent world."  The people cheered loudly.  "A free world."  Again, the crowds surprised her with their enthusiasm.  "Leader Fabien has some remarks, as well."  She stepped away from the microphone and a taller, younger man came forward.  
As he spoke, she saw the faces of her fellow members of Parliament and cabinet members.  They, too, were surprised by the large crowds and enthusiasm.  Madeline put her glasses on and looked at the crowds below.  For the first time, she could see their signs clearly and see who was cheering the loudest.  
"Free Elections Now!" was on a banner below the balcony.  "New Government!" was another.  "Let the People Vote!"  "New Elections!"  "Free of Virgon!"  She blinked and looked back at the cabinet ministers who seemed to be feeling nervous due to the energy.
"With this passage," Fabien continued, "at long last, Sagittaron's future is solely in our hands."
The crowds cheered again and Walton looked at the most flamboyant revelers.  Young people and old in dirty clothes, cheap clothes.  Wearing the outfits of mechanics, farmers, fishermen.  They thrust their fists in the air and began to chant.
The governor-general returned to the microphone and smiled.  "Thank you all for coming today!"  She then quickly ushered everyone back into the building as the chanting got louder.
"What are they saying?" one woman asked.
"'Gadda,'" Fabien said.  "They're cheering for Gadda Bryant."
Walton shook her head and stepped away from the doors and windows.  "Had I known that so many of the common folk would seize onto the statute as a means to escape their station, I would have rewritten my speech."
"And I mine," Fabien said.
"What do we do?" an older man asked.  "If we allow lesser ones to move into higher classes, they will all lose their substance.  Their personality."
"We have time.  Eight months before the next elections," Madeline said.  "We will simply pass laws to keep Sagittaron the way it is."  The other ministers and leaders nodded.
XLI
GEMENON
1,779 Years After Colonization

Governor-General Sorin Nistor looked out from his window at the train of vehicles that rolled into Dacia.  The buildings that loomed over the road were large and imposing, but they were worn and many were empty.  
He descended the steps quickly to the mansion's foyer.  Colorful mosaics, centuries old, depicted the history of Virgon on Gemenon, including the founding of this distant city.  He stood atop the centerpiece, a blue banner flying from the tallest parapet of a Gemenese castle.  Dacian guards with their blue uniforms, poleaxes, and sweeping helmets entered the mansion and created a gauntlet from the door to the center of the room.  Nistor stood in a shaft of noon light, pouring from the windows around and above them in the rotunda.
Church guards entered next in uniforms of white and gold, forming their own gauntlet from the door.  A page ran forward and in a high voice announced, "Primus inter pares, High Bishop of the Church of Illumini, Sofia Bucur!"
As the page ran to the side, a woman in dark robes, clinging for all her life to a staff, entered the far doorway.  She walked forward, hunched over as she moved, but she kept her eyes fixed ahead.  Her stare Sorin knew he could take.  It was her smile that confounded him.
He bowed as she neared.  "High bishop."
"Governor-general, I believe?"
"It is."
She came to a stop and tapped the foot of her cane on the mosaic.  "Dacia is a lovely place.  Perhaps too empty for me."
"I understand."  He gestured toward the stairs, "Shall we adjourn to my office?"
"You know, governor," she walked away from him and looked toward the windows, "I do not intend to remain here overlong, nor do I believe my knees could navigate your staircase."
"Of course, your eminence."
She clasped the staff with both hands.  "For almost a thousand years, your queen and her forebears lay some claim to Gemenon.  They brought their fight with Leonis here.  Destroyed the forest.  Armed the cities.  They fought on your behalf, too."
"That is many years past now, your eminence.  And besides, I had believed that the east was in good standing with the queen, thanks to the shipyards of Varca and the vessels they sell to Virgon."
"You are not wrong, governor-general.  Still, Virgon claimed the lands north of here, and the many fields of petrol.  The plants that refine it and sell it offworld or to us."  Finally, she turned back toward Sorin and smiled.  "The queen has released Dacia from her care it seems.  I have heard that the nations of Gemenon are thirsty for Dacian fuel."  Nistor glanced away in fear and then back again.  "You have so few people in your borders.  Your army," she waved her hand dismissively, "would be nothing to them."
"High bishop," Sorin began, "I do not know what you are saying."
"I am saying that your governorship or generalship, whatever you would call it, would not be long for the world if you do not act now."
Nervously, Nistor laughed and looked around the room.  No one else was within earshot.  "As you say, your eminence, Dacia has little to stand against any who would come."
"The threat of your queen and her large ships is no longer here," Bucur said.  She smiled again, "Time is short.  The states of Gemenon gather their forces to march on you, including their own large ships, but there is a way."
His heart and stomach sank, but he asked, in a whisper, "What must we do, your eminence?"
She took his arm and pulled herself closer to him.  "Yield your petrol lands to the Church.  We would consider it a magnificent donation and tribute.  With that done, Dacia would be declared a friend of the Church and the other nations wouldn't dare touch you."
Sorin saw now the true aim of her visit.  He nodded and thought about the might that the Church wielded.  The strength of their nearest neighbor, the nation-state of Armonia, and how often they had tried to breach their borders.  If Armonia and the other nations, plus the Church, were against them, Dacia stood no chance.
His throat tightened and he craned his neck to ease the tension.  "Your eminence, Dacia … accepts your offer."
Sofia beamed and clasped his arm.  "Good!  Good.  I am so happy to hear it.  May the gods bless you."
He wanted to ask her how Dacia might sustain itself without their chief product and industry.  He wanted to discuss a potential plan to help Dacia find other lands for farming or other fields of commerce.  Or perhaps that the people of Dacia could be kept on in their roles managing and working the petrol fields and refineries.
Instead, the high bishop turned and walked across the foyer to the door.  Seconds later, the Church guards were gone, too, and he was left alone standing on the mosaic.
XLII
TAURON
1,779 Years After Colonization

Benjamin Tramer grabbed the shoulder of the tall man next to him and catapulted himself on top of the vehicle.  He looked across the street at the thousands of eyes upon him and he raised his fist high in the air.  The crowd exulted and threw their own fists in the air.  Someone passed a megaphone to him and he took it.
"Sarpedon!"  They cheered again.  "Sarpedon, we are free!"  He basked in the glory of their cheers again and he looked up and down the street.  Horses and carts were stuck.  No vehicles could move.  There were only people.  "They have failed to lead us!  They relied on people on another world, in another system, to tell them what to do!"  Boos and hisses.  "Now that their queen has abandoned them, they've forgotten how to govern.  Their titles and their centuries of rule aren't enough anymore!"  The cheers returned.  "We, the people of Sarpedon, have taken it upon ourselves to solve our problems!  We, the people, are governing ourselves!"  He pointed at the tall building behind him.  "It is time that we tell them that they are no longer needed!"
Tramer leapt off the car and saw the other members of Free Sarpedon around him.  One put his hand on Ben's shoulder and asked, "Ready?"
"I'm ready.  Let's go."
The people cheered and surged forward, following the citizen leaders up the stairs of the city hall.  Enthusiastic ones clambered up the walls and began to pry the seals of Virgon from either side of the doors.  Benjamin looked toward them and raised his finger.  "Hey!  Hey!  Wait.  Don't give them any reason for violence!  Their symbols will be removed in due time!"  Abashed, the teens descended toward the steps again and the mass of people, newly calmed, entered the marble and stone structure.
Clear of the doors and in the yellow light of the many ornate sconces, the wide foyer's walls were covered in blue banners, symbols of Virgon, and flags from the long history of their presence on Tauron.  A pair of ornate staircases were situated on the opposite side and lines of Redshirts were standing on the steps, waiting.  When the crowd entered the chamber, they descended and formed along the far wall with enough soldiers to create a double line.
Tramer and the people halted their advance before the midway point and the leaders raised their hands.  "We are not armed!" he said.  "We are the people of Sarpedon, and we have voted!"
An officer in a white jacket parted the sea of red and stepped just in front of her soldiers.  "Under the authority of the governor-general of Tauron and the mayor of Sarpedon, all citizens are hereby ordered to return to their homes!"
Benjamin took a step forward and shouted back, "The people of Sarpedon have voted to rule themselves!"
"If you do not leave government property, you will be fired upon!"  The officer flicked her hand and the soldiers clicked the safeties off their rifles at once.
Tramer took a step back.  He spoke in normal tones to the people around him.  "Back away."  He looked toward the officer and said, "We will go!  But Free Sarpedon will return!"
The officer narrowed her eyes and said, "Fire."

The shooting seemed to last forever.  Several storeys up, the mayor could hear it all clearly.  And the screams.  Sir Steven Nillo held his arms tightly across his chest with his right hand up near his mouth.  He ground his teeth and picked at a bothersome wayward hair of his beard.  He stared out the window at the streets of Sarpedon below.  He saw the rush of citizens fleeing the building when the shooting began.  He watched it slow to a trickle as it continued.  The street remained crowded.  Then it swelled.  Fear and anger knotted his stomach as the people reentered the building.  He saw at the fore dozens of people wearing red-brown uniforms.  
"Just as Lady Jane Dormer said," the mayor muttered.  "These 'Free' movements are backed with the strength of the Mars Militia."
"My lord," a lieutenant said from the doorway, "we must consider an evacuation."
"Absolutely not, lef-tenant.  I will not abandon my post, given to me by the queen herself."  He glanced toward the door and added, "Certainly not for these people."
Below in the street, thousands had now armed themselves with anything they could find.  The shooting resumed in the entryway as the Militia fired on the Redshirts.  Angered by the death of their leaders, many of the people did not wait for the Militia to stop the Virgans.  They rushed forward with their clubs and knives and set upon the soldiers.  The officer was slain with a long dagger driven into her ribs.  Rifles were ripped from the Redshirts' hands and the first floor was lost.
The lieutenant returned with a captain at his side.  "Sir," the woman said, "we must depart."
Still clutching himself tightly, the mayor shook his head.  "No.  I cannot flee."
"My lord," the lieutenant said with exasperation, "they've overrun our company below!  They're coming up the stairs!"
His heart seized and he stopped breathing.  He looked again at the streets below and saw hundreds pouring into the building without any sign of stopping.
"My gods."  With wide eyes, he looked toward the officers and asked, "What shall we do?"
Clutching a pair of satchels stuffed with papers and his official seal, Nillo was rushed up the stairs.  The two officers led him, pulling on the gaunt man's arms, nearly dragging him up and up.  Far below, there were still gunshots and the screams of hundreds as the building was stormed.  
They burst the door open and ran across the roof.  At the center, two gyrocraft were placed and their blades began to rotate.  The mayor skidded to a halt across the gravel and tiles.  He looked back toward the staircase and said over the growing roar of the engines, "Are you certain there's naught else to be done?!"
The captain shook her head.  "None, Sir Steven!  They've killed a company of my soldiers!  They've Militia among them, with our weapons added to their own!  We must flee to Tauron City now!"
The wind whipped by the gyrocraft lanced at him and Nillo held the satchels more tightly against his torso.  The officers pulled him toward one of the craft as other officials came up from a different staircase and loaded onto the other vehicle.  Once he was inside, the captain strapped him in and took her position.  A Redshirt sat by the open door of the gyrocraft and held his rifle across his chest.  The mayor stared at him, wondering if he expected action, but then the door to the roof was kicked open and citizens ran out with guns.
The Redshirt began to fire and the weapon's hot spent casings ejected into the screaming Sir Steven's lap.  Three Taurans were felled quickly and bullets began to ping against the fuselage of the gyrocraft.  It lurched into the air and nausea swept over the mayor's body.  He closed his eyes as hard as he could and the gunfire continued.  The vehicle banked away from the roof and both gyrocraft safely got away from the hundreds now atop the government building.  When Nillo finally opened his eyes again, he heard distant gunfire still as the Taurans kept shooting and he saw that the captain was holding a bandage against a wound on her arm.  To reset himself, the mayor coughed and shook his head quickly.  He gave a nervous laugh and said, "Fools."
XLIII
PICON
1,779 Years After Colonization

The leaders of the expeditionary forces gathered in the Helan Hills.  The tent had been cleared of all aides and other officers so only the commanders remained.  Shan rebel General Duan Kay looked over her shoulder and said, "We are free."
From a connected tent, a tall man entered wearing a dark blue uniform with several medals upon his breast.  The commanders nodded toward him and Barclay said, "Thank you for coming."
General Olivier Gilbert smiled.  "My pleasure.  General Anson, yes?"  Barclay nodded.  Gilbert smiled and shook his hand.  "It is a particular pleasure to meet the man who gave Queenstown to the people of Picon."
The general bowed his head, partly out of embarrassment, and said, "If only all our victories were so simple."
"Yes, your 'Hollow Rebellion' is beginning to heat up, eh?"
"For us," Daejang James Brooks said, "it always was hot and never hollow."
"Of course."  Olivier looked at the map and clasped his hands behind his back.  "Well, I can tell you, in orbit, eh, things are becoming crowded."
Admiral Marc Reung raised his eyebrows.  "How so?"
"On last count, there were twenty-two Virgan ships.  Two are battlecruisers.  Four are troop transport ships.  The remainder are destroyers and support craft.  Leonis has twenty of our own.  Three cruisers and the remainder are destroyers and support craft."  Gilbert hummed as he prepared his next words.  "The commanders on both worlds, I think, are being cautious.  They do not want to fire on the other and have open warfare."
Brooks grunted, "Then what transpired over the past thousand years?"
Olivier chuckled and removed his cap.  "Vrai, vrai.  Eh, both worlds are old and their purses do not run so deep any longer.  Truly open warfare, and not simply among their colony worlds, would cost more than either is prepared to give, I think."  He used the side of his hand to brush back his thick, silver hair.
Barclay said, "These are our positions."  He rotated the map so the Leonan visitor could see everything from a normal perspective.  "The air forces and our guncars have closed off the southwestern routes from Perkinston.  The cavalry rules the hills to Perkinston's northwest.  The fleets control the seas near both Perkinston and Dunedin."
"And we stand ready to resume a blockade of both," Reung added.
"Bon.  I am glad to see that our supplies have been put to good use," Gilbert said.
"General," Kay said, "their fortifications are substantial and you have many years of experience."
Oliver frowned and ticked his head, "Not so many, I would hope.  And you, my friends, have more than myself among you."
"I understand," Anson said, "but we would welcome your advice."
The general nodded.  "I will give you advice, but I have come to serve.  Not to command.  You must take my suggestions and weigh them yourselves."
"We will."  Brooks glanced at the map and asked, "Does any of this remind you of your campaigns on Tauron or Caprica?"
"Somewhat, somewhat."  He leaned closer and squinted at the notations along some of the roads.  "Hmm."  His eyes darted toward the ceiling.  "On Caprica, we had a, eh, substantial supply line between Lato and Conques.  The Virgans, they tried to break this line but they could not."  He tapped the map.  "Dunedin is not so big that it supports itself, yes?  No farms around it like their big brother Perkinston?"
"True," Reung said.  "They rely more on fishing."
"That is good."  He sniffed and placed his left thumb inside a belt loop.  "If this is my operation, I would close off the roads to Dunedin.  Isolate them.  Blockade them.  They would surrender and Perkinston would be weakened."
All of the commanders smiled.  "I am pleased to hear this," Barclay said.  "We had planned to attack their supply road here," he touched the map, "where their fortifications are the weakest."
"They have fortified the road?" Olivier asked.
"Trenches, redoubts," James said.  "Not the whole length, but along strategic portions."
Duan followed, "We would swarm the three sections at the center, farthest from both cities, and push until they collapse.  Then we hold it and the nearby hills."
"And the blockades will resume," Marc said.  "Dunedin would not last so long without their fishing."
"Perkinston," Anson said as he shook his head, "could hold out for months."
"The other Virgan holdings on Picon are all besieged?"
"They are," Kay said.  "They have been for some time."
Barclay tilted his head so he could read the cities' names.  "Some have surrendered in recent weeks.  Painswick, Clovelly, and Combe.  It is only a matter of time for the others and they will certainly surrender if Perkinston falls. 
"This assumes that the governor-general does not get additional aid, no?"  Gilbert looked across their faces.  "Have you plans if the queen answers his prayers?"
"In truth, general," Reung said, "we would hope that our friends from Leonis might aid us in such a case."
Gilbert hummed again.  He put his cap back on his head and said, "That depends on the nature of the aid Virgon provides."  The commanders nodded and the Leonan noted a hint of disappointment.  "Your plans are good.  They will work, I am sure.  When do you intend to carry them out?"
Kay looked again at the map.  "Soon."

Sir Matthew Lee stalked into the communications office and looked at the young lieutenant who now stood at attention.
"Give me the room."
"Yes, sir."  The officer departed, leaving the governor-general alone.
Lee sat at the station and turned the appropriate dials.  He put the earpiece against his head and flipped the switch.  "RNS Vanguard.  RNS Vanguard."
"Vanguard here.  State your purpose."
"This is the governor-general requesting Vanguard actual."
"Stand by."  As he waited, he closed his eyes and rubbed his forehead.  It had been more than two days since he was able to sleep.  His neck ached, his back …
"Vanguard actual."
"Commodore," Matthew began, "I am, again, formally requesting intervention."
Pemberton sighed.  "Governor-general, I must, again, formally refuse your request."
Lee hissed, "For frak's sake!  You fired upon them as you brought me here!"
"And now, their ally, Leonis, has a fleet in orbit with their eyes ever upon us."  The line was silent for a moment and then she added, "I have very strict orders, governor-general."
He opened his mouth to speak, but a strangled, angry grunt was all that emerged.  He dropped the headset on the table and then kicked at the stone wall underneath.  After a moment, he lifted the device again and said, "Dunedin is begging for aid and I can give them none!  And I've lost contact with four other cities!  Will you not send them anything?  Will you not send us anything?!"
"The Picans have a host of aircraft and spacecraft, governor-general.  They are not unwilling to use them against Virgans."
"Do you not think I'm aware of that?!"  Matthew lowered his voice and said, "We are ourselves surrounded, and the enemy line advances daily, tightening its grip about Perkinston.  What will the queen say when Perkinston is overrun and her chosen governor-general is in chains?  When she has lost her dominion here?"
Catrina sighed again.  "If that day nears, governor-general, if the barbarians are at your gates, request aid again.  I may be able to comply."
"'May,'" he repeated.  He ground his teeth and, finally, he simply said, "Governor-general out."  He roughly threw the headset down and flipped the switch.  Then, he stalked from the room to a window in the corridor.  He looked toward space and damned the stars.
XLIV
AERILON
1,779 Years After Colonization

The governor was lying on the couch in his office, reading a book.  It was the middle of the day and he had eaten a good meal about an hour ago.  A small steak, corn, rolls.  The leather of the couch was now warm and the book, which sat on his sternum, was drooping toward his face.  The story of Celtan rebels taking their fight to the Virgan mainland centuries ago was an intriguing read, but the circumstances were just right for a good nap.  He lowered the book to his chest and closed his eyes.  He pushed his head deeper into the crook of the couch's arm and its back.  It was soft and Aeron Dey grinned a little as he felt himself begin to drift away.
"What is this then?"
He sniffed loudly and his eyes popped wide open.  He looked toward the door and saw Siobhan O'Ciaran standing there, holding a poster.  "Bloody hell."  As he pushed himself up on the couch, he thought, Was I even asleep yet?
"Eh?" Siobhan said again as she stomped over the creaky floorboards.  "What is this?"
Dey glared at her through squinted eyes and croaked, "You could frakkin' well knock 'fore you come bargin' in here!"
She tossed the page into his lap.  "What's this about?"
He blinked quickly and examined the page as he held it.  "Are ya daft?  That's been around fer months now."
"'Months?'"  Siobhan shook her head.  "Why weren't we notified?"
"It was posted in the chamber."  He raised the page.  "This be the poster, I'm guessin'."  She shook her head and stepped away from the couch.  She sat on the chair opposite and dirt from her travels blew up into the air.  "Just got in, I see."
"I did."  She sighed.  "Saw that.  Came to see you."
He grunted.  "You don't read a newspaper or such?"
She waved her hand.  "Neh.  Paper out in Cumbria only care for the livestock.  The weather.  News as that."
Aeron cleared his throat and tossed his book aside.  As he reached over the arm for his glass of water, he said, "It's not time fer the session.  Why're ya here?"
"Business.  None of it yers."  The governor sipped the water, shook his head, and then laid it on the back of the couch.  As he stared at the ceiling, O'Ciaran asked, "What does it mean then?"
"Means Queen Margaret won't be sending any dram to us sure.  Not that we've had need to ask.  Means the lobsters were pulled out a while back."
"They were?"
"Mm-hm."
Siobhan frowned.  "What if somethin' happens then?  What if we need 'em?"
"The sheriffs will have to do."
She tsked.  "So, are you governor-general now?"
"No.  Congress has to vote on the statute first."  He sat up and stretched his arms.  "This came after the session.  It'll have to wait 'til the next."
"Is it … bad that we haven't yet?"
"Don't think so.  We're a dominion now even without a vote.  Don't mean much, I s'ppose."
O'Ciaran scowled.  "Are ye sure 'bout that?"
Dey chuckled at her suspicious nature.  "How can it mean much?  Virgon ain't had much to do with us in … ever."  
"Promethea," she said as she jutted her chin.  "They sure as shit came a runnin' to take over the tylium mine.  Brought more lobsters with 'em."
"That was more'an a hundred years ago now," he waved his arm and let it flop onto the couch.  "Nothin' before or since, 'sides droppin' our forefathers and mothers here to rot."
She grunted.  "Well.  What if we need money fer the main roads like we been talkin' 'bout?"
"You're in Congress sure!"  She glared at him and he continued, "Pass a damn law or somethin'!  Make up a tax!"
"Nobody wants that."
"But you want a road!  Gotta pay for it somehow or 'nother."  When she sighed, Aeron sat forward and said, "I know how people are.  Don't want anybody lookin' after 'em, pokin' themselves in their ways.  That's why there's only twenty of ya in the Congress.  Why you only meet once a year for a damn week."  She hadn't reacted.  "Look, I'm the governor of people who don't like to be governed and I'm content to oblige them.  But e'ry now an' again, somethin's goin' to need doin', and the government's gonna have to do it."
O'Ciaran remained still.  "Maybe."  She stood up from the chair with a groan and walked toward the door.  She held its edge and glanced back at Dey, "What d'we do 'bout Virgon then?"
He shrugged.  "We keep sellin' 'em food.  We can charge 'em more, too, since the crown don't dictate the prices now.  You should 'ppreciate that."
She nodded and almost smiled.  "Yeah.  I s'ppose I do."  She left and closed the door behind herself.
Aeron reclined on the couch again and put the book in his lap.  He took a few deep breaths and slowly let himself slide back into a lying position.  With the book on his belly and his head nestled just so in the crook of the leather, he closed his eyes.  Thirty seconds later, they popped open again and he realized it was pointless to try.
XLV
CAPRICA
1,779 Years After Colonization

Winter had come again to the north.  The wind blew hard from the west.  Snow covered the ground for as far as the eye could see, but at least it had stopped falling.  The temperatures kept each person's exhaled breath visible for several long seconds, even after they walked through the small cloud.  Hoods and scarves surrounded everyone's faces and frost clung to eyebrows and moustaches.
Two weeks ago, forty thousand Legionnaires landed on the northeastern coast of Andros, the continent containing Rhodes.  Newly promoted commanders Irina Wright and Paul Androv marched south toward the capital of Rhodia, ready to envelop it from the northwest and northeast.  General Stepan, meanwhile, landed south of Rhodes in case the Rhodian generals at the border with Dordogne decided to come to their capital's rescue.
Still well north of Rhodes, Androv's division of black-jacketed soldiers would take two weeks to reach their target.  They had only encountered resistance at their landing, but the Rhodian defenders were quickly routed by bombing from the Legionnaires' aircraft and shelling from their few ships.  Today, they neared the town of Olenyok.  The wide, white field before his force of twenty thousand gave the commander pause.
"Halt," Paul said.
He had been trudging through the snow with his soldiers for days and he was every bit as tired as they.  He reached into the bag at his side and brought his spyglasses to his face, audibly wincing as the cold metal encircled his eyes.  He looked toward pockets and banks of snow nearly a kilometer away.  He was sure he saw movement.  The enemy were wearing white coats, so it wasn't easy to spot at first.  He sighed and said, "Wireless."
"Sir."
"Stand by to signal Vilui.  We may require air support."
"Standing by."
Androv removed the binoculars and blinked in the bright whiteness of the overcast day.  "They're waiting."
His colonel, Lada Green, came toward him.  "Shall we press on and draw them out?"
As well-prepared as the Legionnaires were, they didn't have sufficient fuel for aircraft to maintain regular patrols; they could only be called in when necessary.  They didn't have enough horses to form a cavalry, not that he would want to risk bringing them here in the harsh cold of the north.  The few horses they had pulled supply wagons across the terrain.  Among those wagons were the only artillery pieces they could bring: light, mobile deck guns taken from old Caprican sailing vessels.  
"Signal the artillerymen.  They're within range."
"Sir."  Green ran back several paces and raised her arms.  She gave a brief whistle, too, and the appropriate units began to mobilize.
"Movement, sir."
Paul brought the glasses back to his eyes and looked.  Sure enough, he easily saw dozens of men and women lining up and preparing cannon.  "Brace for incoming!"  He looked back toward the colonel and the artillery to see their progress when the first blasts resounded over the field.  The division tensed and waited for the wails of the shells to stop, but they didn't strike in the midst of the soldiers at all.  Instead, they landed dozens of meters ahead of their positions and to the west.  As the explosions diminished, he saw why.  Plumes of bright blue smoke emerged, billowing out and creating a wall.
"Masks!" Androv cried.  Colonel Green blew on her whistle hard and loud.  Two quick bursts followed by a long one.  She repeated it while everyone dropped to their knees and threw back their hoods and scarves.  As they pulled the large set of goggles and filters from their packs, the commander yelled, "Cover your skin!  Make sure they are tight!  If you feel a burning on your skin or in your nose, fall back and signal the medic immediately!"  He glanced at the blue clouds which the wind was bringing nearer.  The Rhodians fired again and he said, "If you smell fruit or wood, fall back and signal a medic!  We may be able to save you!"  He removed his mask from his pack and put it on quickly.  He took a few deep breaths, concerned for a moment about the smell of rubber within the device, but after the cold air of Olenyok reached his lungs, it smelled fine.  He replaced his hood and tucked his scarf around his head and face as well as he could.  Once it was done, Paul stood and faced the gas as it began to blow over his men and women.
Virgan Blue.  All the Empire's chemical weapons were colored this way to inspire terror on the field.  They had used it for centuries on several worlds to great effect.  The Leonan masks the Legionnaires wore were designed to protect the wearer from Blue specifically, and if they were properly fitted today, no one would suffer.
Androv brought his rifle from his back to his front and he held it horizontally above his head.  Everyone in his division joined him, standing in defiance as the Blue washed over them and had no effect.  After the third volley of chemical weapons was fired and dispersed, the commander faced his soldiers.  The white ground beneath them.  Black figures, tall and firm with their weapons high.  Clouds of deep blue smoke rushing past.  He took a deep breath in pride, then he turned and began to run toward the town.
The roaring was muffled by their masks, but twenty thousand Legionnaires ran toward the meager fortifications outside of Olenyok. When they cleared the Blue wall and entered the open field, the Rhodians opened fire.  Several of the attackers dropped, but the Legionnaires shot back.  The running firefight continued for over a minute.  The defenders' cannon fired again, but not with chemical weapons.  Explosions pocked the field, killing dozens of black-jacketed soldiers.  The company to Paul's left stormed the nearest position first.  Several white-jacketed Rhodians turned and ran, but they were quickly cut down.  Another position was overrun, then another.  By the time the commander reached the enemy line, the Legionnaires had control of the battlefield.
"Sir," Green yelled through her mask, "them?"
She pointed and he looked.  About a dozen soldiers were running away without their weapons.  "Let them go."
About two hundred men and women were gathered by the Legionnaires in the middle of the snow-covered road to Olenyok.  Some appeared to be lacking sufficient clothing.  A few were proud with their heads up.
Androv looked toward the sky and quickly pulled the scarf out from around his head and hood, throwing it to the ground.  Then he did the same with his mask.  He held his breath for a few seconds, just in case some residue remained around his face as he removed the gear.  He took a deep breath and felt the sharp stab of winter in his chest.  He held his rifle tightly and asked, "Who among you ordered the deployment of Virgan Blue?"
An officer stood.  "I am Major …"
Paul immediately raised his rife and fired, striking the man in the face.  He toppled to the ground and blood spurted from the wound in his cheek and into the snow.
"Commander," he turned and saw an unmasked Lada, "their weapons are empty.  Just as Commander Wright reported from Inja."
He nodded.  "They fired what few shots they had and either ran or surrendered."  He looked at the dead major and asked, "How many of ours were gassed?"
"A few dozen reported to medics.  They're being treated now."
Androv faced the defenders and whispered to Green.  Then, he stepped away and stood before them.  "Soldiers of Rhodia.  We have come because your nation is at an end."  Some of the men and women lowered their heads.  Some kept their chins up.  "I am Commander Paul Androv of the Caprican Legionnaires and we seek the elimination of the Old Worlds on our world.  No more colonies of Virgon or Leonis.  No dominions.  No puppets.  Caprica, ruled by Capricans."  He circled the group and noted that Green and the majors were watching them all carefully.  "Your governor-general, Anna Kolchak, is wanted for crimes against Caprica.  She has executed hundreds of citizens.  She has starved thousands more.  She has sent soldiers, your comrades, to die in the south, in Dordogne, in a war that is not ours to fight.  For these crimes and many more, she will be arrested and tried."  He arrived back at his starting position and he nodded at the colonel.
She, the majors, and others pulled from the seated soldiers all of those who kept their heads raised and looked defiant in response to the commander's speech.  About seventy people altogether were pulled away from the rest and forced to stand in a line.
"So.  You are the true believers in Rhodia, in the governor-general?"  Only a few responded with a nod or words.  Most looked about in confusion.  "Even though she starves your army?  Doesn't give you enough clothes to wear in the winter?  Or bullets to shoot at invaders?"  He waved his hand and a company of Legionnaires took position in front of the prisoners.  "In the face of such steadfast, blind loyalty, there is only one response.  Fire."
A volley tore into the white-jacketed soldiers who collapsed immediately.  A few writhed in the snow, but Lada walked among the bodies, firing on those who were still alive with her sidearm.  The remaining seated prisoners lowered their heads further and a few openly wept.
"Colonel," Androv called.  When she reached his side, he said, "Find a stable or something for them to be kept together.  We will camp in Olenyok tonight and resume the march in the morning with our prisoners at the front."
Green smiled, "Yes, commander."

In the following days, they encountered four more towns and five sets of defenders.  Seeing the column of prisoners at the fore of the column, many Rhodians abandoned their posts.  Some fought, quickly exhausting their meager supplies of ammunition, only to be overcome shortly after and added to the swell of the captured white-jacketed army of Rhodia.
As planned, Commander Irina Wright approached the capital city from the northwest and Paul from the northeast.  Both divisions marched into the city with a few thousand Rhodian soldiers under guard.  Aircraft were summoned for this final leg of the march and gun emplacements along rooftops were easily eliminated.  Soldiers tasked with defending Rhodes saw the overwhelming force of forty thousand black-uniformed rebels and deserted.  Less than an hour after crossing the great stone Bogdan Bridge, the two divisions of Legionnaires met in Jupiter Plaza, before the Grand Citadel, home of the Rhodian government.  
Androv smiled at seeing the woman approach him, utterly engulfed in the black fur of her coat.  She called out, "Commander!"
"Commander."  They embraced and she stepped back, smiling at him.  "Did your enemies 'vanish like dew in the sun?'" he asked.
"They did.  I see the same could be said for you, too," Irina said.
He nodded and looked up at the Citadel.  Curious faces appeared in the windows, looking down on the invaders.  "Shall we go in?"
Wright looked back toward her forces, "Should we not wait for General Stepan?"
"If he's still engaged with Gorkin, there's little point.  He'll be days."  Paul started to ascend the many steps.  "Besides, I've had a call from someone inside."
"Oh?"  She began to follow him and she waved forward a company of soldiers.  "Yes.  Your Council friend."
He put his hand on the door.  "Indeed."  Once the soldiers had surrounded him, he backed away and let them breach the entrance first.  There was shouting for a moment before a lieutenant leaned out and waved them forward.  
Inside, both commanders looked at the high ceilings, the ornate plasterwork along the walls, the bright colors and metals on the fixtures, artwork, tapestries, the carpet.  With a whisper, Irina asked, "Have you been here before?"
"Never."  Seeing the opulence of the Rhodian government's seat, he felt more enraged and wondered how much had been spent on it.
Legionnaires continued to push ahead of him, fanning out from the commanders and into rooms where frightened yelps and screams were heard.  They followed the signs through the offices to the stairs, and after reaching the seventh floor, they found the even-more-extravagant lair of the governor-general.  Golden chandeliers hung from the ceiling above the path laid out before them, a red and gold carpet trail toward a large, dark wood desk.  Intricately carved white columns lined the walls and a member of the white-jacketed honor guard of the governor-general was positioned at each one.
"Weapons down!  Weapons down!" the Legionnaire soldiers screamed as they entered the chamber.  The honor guard were slow to react.  Some looked from one to the other and it was only after one man at the center of the room placed his rifle on the floor that the others complied.  As the guards were being detained, Wright and Androv walked through the large room toward the desk.  Behind it sat a young man who stared at the two commanders with wide eyes.
Paul said, "We're here to see the governor-general."
He nodded and pointed at the large door behind himself.  "She's in there."
"Thank you."
Apparently, the secretary pressed a button because the giant carved door began to slowly open on its own.  The commanders walked to the frame and waited for it to open fully.  As they waited, they looked inside and saw Anna Kolchak in her typical medal-laden white jacket standing behind her enormous desk.  Dark and light wood together, spiral columns and golden detailing formed the front of it.
"I do not understand Rhodian leaders and their desks," Irina whispered.  The door stopped opening and the pair strode inside.  Sitting in chairs on either side of the desk's front, he saw leaders of the Council, including Sonya Wagner.
"Governor-general," Androv began, "The Caprican Legionnaires have arrived and demand your surrender."
She was an older woman and the vertical wrinkles around her mouth made her expression appear severe.  She raised her nose and said, "You do not have it."
"Very well.  I do not require it."  He snapped his fingers and his soldiers entered the office.  "Anna Kolchak, you are under arrest for crimes against the people of Caprica.  Take her."  She protested at first when the men laid hands on her, but as they forcefully dragged her out, her attention was taken up by trying not to stumble.
Once she was removed, Wagner stood and offered her hand.  She smiled and Paul raised a single eyebrow as she did.  "Commander."
"Councilor."
"It has been a long year."
"It has."
She gestured toward the old man seated beside her.  "This is Andrew Chaban, leader of the Federal Council."
They shook hands.  Chaban said, "It is a pleasure to see you at last, commander."
"Thank you."  He faced Wagner again and said, "How many are you?"
"Fifty-three."
Wright stepped closer, looking down at the ornate desk as she did.  "That sounds like a fair amount to me."
"It is."  Androv looked at both the councilors' faces and said, "Is that sufficient for you to maintain a provisional government?"
Wagner nodded and gave Androv a folder.  "Inside you will find the names and locations of all members of the Council.  Those loyal to the governor-general and the old ways are clearly marked."
"We will begin arrests immediately."  He gave the folder to Irina who opened it to peruse the information.  "Your first order of business will be to draw up a new constitution, of which I believe you already have a draft."
"We do."
"Forgive me, commander," Andrew said as he slid to the edge of his seat, "but what is to become of our armies in the south?"
"Our General Stepan is dealing with Gorkin and the rest.  Last I heard, the Rhodians were having trouble with desertion, much like we encountered in the north. At any rate, the fighting will be over soon."
Chaban blinked and appeared surprised, "And what of the war with Dordogne?"
"The war is over, sir.  In fact, prepare yourselves to make peace with our old opponents.  They are our enemy no more."
Sonya helped Chaban out of his chair and they walked together toward the door, with her speaking to him as they did.  Irina, meanwhile, was now seated in the governor-general's chair and scooted herself up to the desktop.  Her arms reached as far out along the sides as she could and she looked up at Paul with a smile, "Who gets the office?"
He chuckled.  "We may both have the office."  He scanned its length.  "There's plenty of it.  But this desk," he knocked his knuckle against it, "I want it thrown from the window and smashed in the street below."
Wright's looked down at the desktop with surprise.  "Why so?"
"This symbolizes all that has been wrong with Rhodia.  We've come to destroy the old ways, and this is a start."
XLVI
SAGITTARON
1,779 Years After Colonization

Her hair brushed against the low ceiling of the basement.  It was hot enough that breathing was difficult.  Her claustrophobia made her want to scream in this crowd of nearly one hundred, but her anger and sense of purpose kept these distractions away.
"Do not be fooled!" Gadda Bryant shouted.  "When the Parliament approved the statute seven months ago, they did not decide that Sagittaron was free!  They did not decide that the government would change!  No, Madeline Walton, who was the governor before, is still the governor with a new title!"  The people jeered and she wiped a bead of sweat from her face.  "The taxes we pay no longer go to Virgon; they go to Tawa!  To line their pockets!"
"No more!" someone yelled out.
"You showed up in Tawa with your signs," Gadda said.  "You said you wanted a new government and free elections.  They did not hear you."  The people groaned.  "No, the elections that are coming in a few weeks?  The same people will be on the ballots.  The same faces with high names."
"Gadda!" a woman cried out, "run!"
She chuckled and shook her head.  "You don't know, do you?"  A few muttered among themselves and the rest cheered her on.  "I was on the ballot and then I was not."  
Some gasped and a few asked, "Why?"
"Do we need a history lesson in here?"  Bryant looked around the room and saw the confusion.  "Our world was split down the middle by the Virgans and the Leonans.  Their nobles came, with their titles and royal names, and took from this world our resources and our people.  Thirty years ago, when Gold Coast could no longer support themselves and the Leo couldn't help them, Kingsland took over and now we are all one nation.  One world.  And still, after centuries, the same people with titles and noble names are in power.  The sons and daughters of the lords who ruled us?  They are in the Parliament.  Leo and Virgo both, they still rule us."  Her anger swelled again and she formed fists, "Why would these people, who have only ever known power, want to give it up?  Why would they ever let you rule yourselves?"
"Because it's right!" someone yelled.
"It would be, but now they are passing laws."  The crowd groaned and hissed.  "You know.  The Population Registration Act was the first.  The Class Labor Act made it real!  That's the one that damns us all for being who we are and doing what we do.  If we are laborers?  We and our children will only ever be laborers.  And if your blood comes from Virgon or Leonis?  The world is yours!"  The people jeered again.  "They supported it overwhelmingly!  Parliament has split our world again!  Not on a map, but in its people!"
The woman called out again, "Run, Gadda!"
She sighed.  "Yesterday, Parliament passed the Representation Act.  That means they don't need as many people in Parliament as they used to.  That means some classes get more votes than others."  The crowd became unruly and booed.  "That means I was told I was being removed from the ballot because there were already enough people 'from my class' in Parliament!" 
"Bullshit!" a man in front yelled.  The rest of the crowd responded in kind.
Bryant let the people roil.  She stood on top of the small table with her eyes cast down and wallowed in her own frustration and disappointment. When the people calmed, she looked up and said softly, "I don't know what is next.  I am not certain what to say."
"Do we fight?" someone asked.
"There may be a day for it," she responded, "but I do not believe it is today.  Today, we must educate ourselves.  When we leave here, go home and study how the world works.  See what the Parliament does.  Tell everyone you know.  If all of us are educated … Education is our most powerful weapon."
The gathering ended and her followers slowly left the basement.  They offered her encouragement and hugs and she stood there, accepting it with a false smile.  When she and her hosts ascended the steps, they saw the lights of police vehicles outside the building.  The people who had just been in the audience were seated on the floor of the home and in the front yard with police standing all around them.  An officer approached the homeowner and asked, "Are you Gaddabe Bryant?"  When the homeowner reflexively looked at the would-be politician, the officer turned to face her.  "Gaddabe Bryant, you are under arrest."
She blinked and took a step back against the wall.  "On what charge?"
"For violations of the Suppression of Unrest Act and the Unlawful Organizations Act."  He grabbed her arm and pulled her away.
Several in the living room jumped off the floor to defend her, but they were quickly subdued by batons.  Bryant was handcuffed and pushed into the front yard.  More of her people tried to get to their feet, but, again, they were kept down by the police.  She was roughly thrown into a large vehicle where she was soon after joined by nearly one hundred bleeding and beaten supporters.  Some were unconscious, some were still agitated and angry.  In the far corner of the large truck, Gadda rested her head against the wall and wondered what would happen next.
XLVII
VIRGON
1,780 Years After Colonization

Queen Margaret III sat in the war room as she often had in recent weeks and looked at the giant marble table.  All the planets of the four systems were there, lovingly crafted from precious stones and metals.  She sat nearest Virgon and rubbed her fingers along the rounded edge of the blue-green agate.  She felt the flesh of her forefinger tip catch under it and she lifted.  Slowly, the planet seemed to peel away from the centuries-old table.  In fear, she released it and sat away.
"Your majesty?"  She looked at the door and saw Lord High General Rosalind Coventry.  The older woman stepped inside, wearing her ornate red jacket and its host of medals.  "May I help you?"
Margaret sighed and looked at the representation of Virgon again.  "Yes, Lord High General."  She closed the door and walked toward the marble table, taking a seat near the Helios Alpha corner.  "I feel the weight of history upon me.  Moreso than is the usual, I believe."
"I am certain.  The Empire, as we've known it, has existed since the expansions of Alfred, Beverley, Harold, …"  Coventry smiled.  "That was a thousand years ago.  Needless to say, your majesty, time has changed matters."
The queen backed away from the table and leaned back in her chair.  She stared at some unknown point on the far wall and said, "As I walk though Aurelius or Banburgh, I see statues and portraits of strong monarchs from the past.  Many of them are in uniform and I see their faces and I recall, 'Yes, Queen Martha.  The war on Caprica.'  'King Brian and the Navy on Picon.'  Or, 'Queen Elizabeth on the Theseus itself for battle against the Lions at Troy.'"  She sighed loudly.  "And what will some king or queen think when they see my portrait in the centuries to come?  'Queen Margaret.  She killed the Empire.  Nine worlds we once had.  She could barely manage four.'"
"Your majesty," Rosalind began, "even nine is an exaggeration.  Our flags may have flown on that many worlds at various times, but few were ever fully ours."  The queen glared at her and she continued, "I only mean to say that you are being too harsh on yourself."
She shook her head.  In a hollow voice, she said, "No, I don't think so.  We lost Rhodia to a rebel force.  All of Caprica," she snapped her fingers, "gone.  Tauron is on the brink, as well.  We've lost half our cities to their militias.  And Picon," she almost laughed.
"You've got Kingsland on Sagittaron, your majesty.  And Aerilon.  Aquarion's science station."
"That doesn't count."
"And Gemenon."
"I forgot Gemenon.  Tiny Dacia."  She straightened in her chair.  "Very well.  I can barely manage five worlds.  Even then, I'm not.  They're dominions now.  With each passing day, as another world falls to their rebels or what have you, Virgon is again diminished."
"Then let us have a victory."
Margaret stared at her.  "How so?"
"Picon."  The Lord High General swept her finger over the marble to the sapphire planet.  "If you want a statement of strength, a statement against the Leonans, this is the opportunity."
The queen slid her chair closer.  A single white marker was on the gem and three silver chevrons were in orbit facing three bronze chevrons.  "We've barely held on to Picon," she whispered.  "We put Sir Matthew there and hoped that initial assault would be enough to destroy the rebel leadership.  It wasn't.  Our hands were tied in orbit and on the ground, he's been no match for their numbers."
"If you truly fear that Virgon, in the eyes of the other worlds, will no longer be seen as a symbol of strength, then I share your fear, your majesty."  Coventry turned to the side of the table and brought more silver chevrons toward the blue planet.  "This is the place where we may make a counter-argument."
"You want to send more battlegroups to Picon.  Despite what the other Great Officers have said?  Their recommendations about judicious shows of force?"
"I do."
Margaret hesitated and then asked, "To help the governor-general?"
"We do not wish to lose another dominion to rebels."
"And what of the Leonans?"
As Rosalind placed the silver markers around Picon, she said, "They have openly aided the Picos in rebellion for years.  As we demonstrate," she looked toward the queen, "judiciously, our strength to the other worlds, we must also demonstrate that the Lions cannot replace us.  They will not defeat us.  They will not claim our worlds, or even the ones that we no longer claim."
"Economically, are they even in a position to try?"
"That doesn't matter, your majesty."  She plucked one of the bronze markers away from Picon.  "Perception among the other worlds is what matters."
As the queen thought, Coventry took away another bronze chevron.  Finally, Margaret nodded and said, "Summon the Great Officers."
The Lord High General stood and saluted.  "Yes, your majesty."
XLVIII
LEONIS
1,780 Years After Colonization

It was a pleasant dream.  Later, if asked to recall it, Jules Carnot would not be able to.
"Mr. President!"
Carnot nearly leapt upward in his bed.  His wife stirred and groaned as she pulled the pillow over her face.
"Mes dieux," he said.  He looked toward the light from the hallway and shielded his eyes, "Who is there?"
"Adele Perrin, sir."
The war minister.  "I am not interested in sending more soldiers to Scorpia, Adele."
"This is not about Scorpia, Mr. President."
"The administrator has enough …" he blinked.  "What is it?"
"The Virgans have dispatched additional battlegroups to Picon."
Jules slid so that his back rested against the headboard of his bed.  "How many are there, total?"
"Five battleship groups.  Three battlestar groups."
"More than one hundred Virgan vessels?"  Perrin nodded.  "How many do we have there now?"
"One battlestar group.  Two battleship groups."
"Frak."  His wife slapped at him for swearing, but he ignored her and climbed out of bed.  We walked across the cold, hardwood floors in his long nightshirt and then sat at his small desk.  He clicked on the light and pulled his small eyeglasses over his nose.  "How many can we send?"
"We can dispatch two battlestar groups and a battleship group now.  In a few days, we can gather enough for two or more battleship groups."
"Do it."  The war minister nodded and prepared to run away, but Carnot stopped her.  "Issue the strictest orders!  Do not fire unless fired upon.  Or if Picon is fired upon."
"Yes sir.  And if they attempt to dispatch vessels to the surface?"
Jules groaned and his shoulders sagged.  "Admiral's discretion."
"Yes, Mr. President."  Perrin left and left the door open, too.
Carnot leaned against the desk with his elbow and then scratched his hair.  The last gasps of the Leonan Empire.  The name "Empire" was already gone, but he feared the loss of the Union, too.  He thought about Dordogne, their one-time colony on Caprica, abandoned during the austerity and distraction caused by the Bloodless Revolution.  Gold Coast on Sagittaron, the same, but quickly overrun by the Virgans.  Barely a foothold left on Tauron.  Clinging with dear life to Scorpia because of its lucrative silver mining and the expensive orbital facility they had only just built.  He sighed and thought, I pray we get something from Picon after all of this.
"Close the door, Jules!" his wife screamed from under her pillow.
He stood and went to it.  He held the edge for a moment and wondered if he might get back to sleep.  Deciding he wouldn't, he stepped into a pair of slippers, grabbed a robe, and left the bedroom as he closed the door.
XLIX
PICON
1,780 Years After Colonization

Stalemate.
The commodore stood on the command deck and stared out the large window.  Here, in a geosynchronous position above Perkinston, the Vanguard faced the Leonan carrier République.  The giant vessels were not alone.  In Vanguard's group, there were eight other ships, alongside two Virgan carrier groups.  The République's group was joined by two battleship groups.  Around each group, squadrons of small one-man fighter craft circled on patrol.  It was an even match.  Elsewhere above Picon, six other Virgan battlegroups orbited the world separately, some in lower orbits.  Each one was paced by a matching Leonan battlegroup and everyone waited for the other side to make a move.
"Commodore," the communications officer said, "the admiral's shuttle is secure."
Pemberton nodded.  "Thank you, Mr. Bennett."
For months, the commodore had been in command of the fleet at Picon.  She ground her teeth, wondering why the Lord High Admiral chose now to take the honor away from her.  Is it the stalemate?  I was ordered to await movement by the Leo.  Lee screamed for help, but I was told to offer none after our arrival.  'We must'nt begin a full-blown war with the Lions,' they said.
"Admiral on the deck!" a midshipman announced.
Every member of the crew stood at full attention.  All the officers, too.  Catrina kept her gaze fixed on the clock on the port bulkhead as the man strode into view.
"At ease."  The admiral kept his hair closely groomed to his head which only served to highlight the encroachment of his forehead toward his crown.  His hair appeared powdered white, though that fashion had died out some time ago, and he carried a black cocked hat under his left arm.  He wore a long, dark blue coat with an excess of gold piping about the cuffs, collar, lapels, and epaulets.  His pants were white and the tip of his sword's scabbard bounced against the top of his boot as he moved.
"I am Admiral Lord Milton Byng," he said as he looked out the forward window, "and by order of the Lord High Admiral and the queen herself, I am taking command of this fleet."
"Aye, admiral," Catrina said.
Byng looked at her once and studied her uniform.  She wore the newer dark blue short coat with its simple commodore epaulets on the shoulders, dark blue pants, and sword.  He looked away and said, "You will confine your duties to the command of this vessel."
She narrowed her eyes and thought.  As a commodore, at a minimum, she would have operational command of the Vanguard battlegroup.  Vanguard herself had its own captain, Thomas Moore, and Pemberton looked over her shoulder and caught his confused gaze.  "Yes, admiral."
The admiral walked toward the pair of helm wheels and stared at the massive Leonan vessels outside.  He smirked and said, "Nothing for three weeks, what?"
"Not since the arrival of their additional groups, admiral."
He nodded and said, "Signals officer."
Nervous, young Bennett stood at his station and said, "Yes, admiral!"
"What supply vessel is nearest Perkinston and can dispatch some portion of what Sir Matthew has requested?"
The lieutenant looked at his logs and then announced, "Botwulf, admiral.  It is in the Invincible battlegroup, in low orbit, and is within range."
"Very good."  Byng turned away from the window and said, "Have them dispatch transports immediately."
Pemberton nervously looked toward the captain and then back at Milton.  "Admiral, do you not believe this will provoke action by the Lions?"
He faced her with a scowl.  "Let me be clear on this point, commodore."  He pointed at the window, "They are not Lions!  Lions are fearsome beasts and Leonans are very decidedly not.  Am I understood?"
Catrina returned to attention.  "Perfectly, admiral."
He craned his neck to free it of his tight collar.  "I was sent here to do what you have not.  To render aid to our allies, the Picans.  Sir Matthew Lee has requested aid.  It will be provided."
Pemberton looked toward him and said, "I was not aware that my orders regarding his requests had changed."
He looked out the window again.  "Your orders were not changed."  He clasped his hands behind his back.  "Spotter."
A young woman seated by a bank of scopes stood.  "Yes, admiral!"
"Keep your sights fixed upon our enemy.  I must know if they take any action."
"Yes, admiral!"
The command deck went silent.  The officers stared out the window at the Leonan fleet.  The crew worked at their stations.  After a couple of minutes, Bennett said, "Botwulf has launched eight transports for the surface, admiral!"
"Very good."
The commodore stared at République, waiting to see the thrusters of more tiny craft being launched.  She scanned the ship's face, expecting to see the flash of its forward batteries.  She saw nothing.
"The transports are entering the atmosphere," Bennett said.
Byng walked within reach of the window.  He rocked on his heels and grinned into space.  "They will do nothing."
In the near-silence that followed, Catrina listened to the hum of Vanguard's distant engines, its atmospheric processors, the sounds of dials and switches being manipulated by the crew, and the static of communications in the signals officer's headset.
"The transports have landed, admiral."
Milton didn't look away from the Leonans.  "Spotter?"
"Nothing to report, admiral."
"Signals.  Have our battlegroups reported anything?"
Bennet turned a dial and listened before turning it again.  After doing this a few times, he shook his head.  "No, admiral."
He nodded once and walked away from the window.  "You see?  They are not Lions at all."  He walked past the commodore toward the hatch.  "I shall be in my stateroom."

The tent was full of commanders, leaders from all the rebel groups as well as other territories recently freed from Virgon's control.  They stood by the opening and watched the transports.  Anson lowered his binoculars.  "Eight."
Duan shook her head.  "The Leonans did not stop them?"
"Obviously not."  Barclay walked back toward the command tent and he looked to his left.  The town of Sandston had been completely obliterated, but the trenches and lines of Pican forces were in front of it.  He knew, in the ruins of the town, a host of heavy artillery stood ready to pound Perkinston when the time came.  He began to think the time had come.
Kay began to pace in front of the line of other commanders.  "What could they have sent?  Eight transports … not new aircraft.  Not a great number of guncars."
"No."  The wireless unit in the command tent began to buzz and Miyu answered it.  Anson reached for it as his aide came closer with the device.
"General," the daejang said through the speaker.  "You saw?"
"I did and I'm discussing it with Kay and the others now."  Barclay faced the city, some four kilometers distant.  Its old walls had been reinforced.  Damaged and destroyed buildings were about its perimeter and the roads into the city were barricaded.  "Eight transports.  I would suggest that they contain food and similar supplies."
"Likely," Brooks said.
Kay shook her head.  "Or ammunition.  Or more Virgan Blue."
Anson said, "That is possible as well."
On the device, the daejang said, "We don't have enough masks for everyone.  If they have more of their gas, …"
"I know."  Barclay sighed and then glanced at Duan.  Her fists were clenched and her legs seemed tensed and ready for action.  "If we assume the worst, then we do not have long."  He looked at the other leaders, the newcomers, fresh from under the thumb of the crown.  "And what say you?"
One of them said, "We must assume the worst."  A few others nodded.
"Very well."  He faced Kay and said, "One half hour."  She smiled and ran to her horse.
Brooks said, "One half hour.  My planes will be in the air before then."
"If the Virgans sent ammunition or Blue, daejang, they are likely to do more once our attack begins."
"We will be ready."

The captain and commodore stood by the signals station and waited.  The captain, for his part, nervously stared at the hatch.
"You needn't remain here, Thomas," Pemberton said, "if you fear being in his line of fire."
The older man shook his head.  "It's my duty."
A Redshirt stepped through the hatch and Byng walked onto the command deck after him.  The duty midshipman announced, "Admiral on the deck!"
His hair was mussed and he wasn't wearing his long coat.  "Why have I been disturbed?  It is well after midnight on Virgon, and I require sleep!"
Neither officer said anything until the admiral arrived at their side.  Catrina looked at him and said, "Governor-General Sir Matthew Lee is transmitting to us, sir."
He grunted and shook his head.  "Could you not have handled this, commodore?"
"Mr. Bennett," Pemberton said, "open the channel."
"Yes, sir."
After a switch was flipped, the speakers at the station erupted with noise.  A large portion was static, but soon it was apparent that there were explosions, as well.  Catrina said, "Sir Matthew, are you still with us?"
"I am.  Is the admiral there?"
She looked at him.  "He is."
"Admiral," Lee said, "after the transports arrived, the Picos launched their assault!  The ruxies in the harbor began firing on our ships and docks and their artillery are destroying our barricades!"  An explosion caused the signal to drop for a moment and it returned in poorer condition.  "… planes and … are … bombs.  We see their infantry and cavalry, waiting beyond range of our own guns.  We cannot … much more of this!"
Milton said nothing.  He nodded and began to slowly walk toward the window.  With his right hand, he brushed his hair flat, then clasped his hands behind his back.  "Spotter."
"Yes, admiral."
His eyes darted to the right and caught a glimpse of Picon's globe, some thirty-five thousand kilometers away.  "Coordinate with other vessels and gather targets in the rebel encampment.  Relay those coordinates to our starboard batteries."
"Yes, admiral."
"Sir," Pemberton said, "Vanguard is in high orbit.  There are other groups …"
"Commodore, if there is to be a first strike, then I shall have it."  After he finished speaking, he turned to face her.  "Do you object?"
She straightened.  "No, admiral."
"Captain Moore?"
Thomas glanced at Catrina and then shook his head.  "No, admiral."
"Very good."  He looked out the window again.  "Sound general quarters."
"General quarters!" the captain announced.  
Bells rang throughout the command deck and ship.  Lights around the room began to dim and brighten several times before remaining solid.  Midshipmen and lieutenants were heard shouting in the corridors, "General quarters!  To stations!"  Additional Redshirts appeared on the command deck and other sensitive areas.  A large metal blast shield began to slide over the giant viewing window.
"Open that damned shield!" Byng yelled.  "I must see our enemy!"  A crewman nearby cranked it away.
"Admiral," the spotter began, "all starboard guncrews have targets."
"Very good."  He resumed his stance and stepped into position in front of the helm wheels.  "Signals, warn all ships to mind our fire."
"Aye, admiral."
Pemberton looked at Moore and saw the trepidation on his face.  Then she looked at the three Leonan battlegroups in sight.  The giant République with its wide, curved face and multiple forward-facing gunports.  Two other large battleships flanked it.  Cruisers at the corners and destroyers and corvettes all around.  She took a deep breath and held it.  There was dread in the air and it weighed on her chest.
"Fire control, starboard cannon and missile batteries," Milton paused, "open fire."
The lieutenant at the station repeated loudly, "Starboard batteries, open fire!  Say again, open fire!"
Several decks away, the giant guns blasted shells through space and missiles were launched.  The dull thud of the firing was audible in the command deck and everyone could feel the vibrations through their feet.  
The commodore watched République.  Her eyes danced from gunport to gunport then to the battleships on either side.  She was breathing again, but it was shallow and quick.  When the second volley was fired from Vanguard, she swallowed hard.  Then she saw flashes.
The forward batteries of the Leonan carrier fired.  The shells ripped into the forward hull and the command deck lurched.  The admiral fell against the glass and he looked into space as the battleships Liberté and Vérité began to fire.  Flashes of light danced across their bows and missiles leapt away.  Destroyers and corvettes moved from station-keeping positions and began to flank.  The cruisers turned to present their broadsides.
"All …" Byng began to say as a missile from République struck near the command deck.
The window was destroyed and the admiral with it.  The atmosphere of the command deck and the surrounding corridors and chambers was blown into space, along with the helmsman, the spotter's mate, the boatswain, and three other crewmembers.  Pemberton had been holding on to the brass railing about the center of the deck when the explosion happened.  She felt wind against her and the cold of space lapping at her neck, so she wrapped her arm around the rail as tightly as she could.  She wound her leg around the black iron post for good measure.  After a few seconds of venting, the emergency atmospheric system engaged and the blast shield was forced closed, along with all the hatches in the affected area.  Fresh air was pumped in and the commodore slumped against the railing.  She gasped and finally opened her eyes.
Half of one of the helm wheels was destroyed and the metal surrounding the viewport was warped.  Papers and equipment were strewn about the deck and crew and officers began to pick themselves off the floor or release whatever they clung to.  She straightened and saw the captain, likewise in a daze.  She was about to say something when the ship lurched again under Leonan fire.
"To your stations!" Pemberton ordered.  She staggered across the deck toward the wheels.  "All batteries fire at will!"  Moore came to her side and she rotated her right arm.  "I think I've dislocated it."
Thomas' hearing was damaged in the venting and he didn't hear her.  "We must give them a broadside."
"Right."  She turned the broken yaw wheel in front of her three rotations to starboard.  He moved toward the engine controls and pushed the lever to the one-quarter slot.  "Spotter!  I need positioning!"
"Yes, commodore!"  A spotter's mate left the station with a tablet to convey enemy locations to her.
"Fire control," she said, "port batteries concentrate fire on République!"
"Yes, sir!"
"Counter defense," she looked at the station near the helm wheels and saw a young ensign assuming the post.  She realized that the young woman was not the same officer who had been manning it moments before.  "Deploy all measures."
"Yes, sir!"
"Mr. Bennett," she looked toward the signals station to make sure the young man was still there, "send to all groups.  Engage the enemy."

Vanguard banked to its starboard and its guns and missiles fired toward the Leonan flagship.  A defensive field of flares and shrapnel was being launched and most of the rockets didn't meet their targets.  The Virgan fleet appeared to break apart, but each ship was maneuvering for their own best positioning.  The Leonans did the same.
An older vessel, the Vanguard's guncrews wore heavy spacesuits.  Those who manned the counter-defense posts along the hull targeted incoming missiles and craft with their close-in weapons and swept the heavy rifles from side to side through ports in the bulkhead, spraying bullets into space and hoping to stop the enemy fire before it reached them.  Ejected brass casings drifted away from their weapons in a cloud until they drifted too near the walls or decks and were caught by the ship's gravity plating.
The main guncrews were kept within a pressurized chamber, but they, too, wore heavy suits.  The cannon aimed through gunports and the ports were sealed around the barrels by thick fabric like that of their garments.  If some debris or enemy fire ruptured the seal, the chamber would vent, but there were emergency repair kits, should that occur.  Lieutenants at scopes by each cannon directed their aim and with a wave of their arm, the chain was pulled and the shell was fired.  The recoil was buffeted by brackets and springs around the base of each weapon and the crews were able to reload for another shot in five seconds.  So it went for all sixty-four standard cannon and the twelve main batteries of the Vanguard.

A kilometer off Vanguard's stern, the carrier Vindex scrambled to stations.  The midsection of the ship was taken up by their spacecraft facilities, with a wide, open hangar at the center which bisected the ship.  Below the hangar stood the repair deck and launch tubes, where a dozen dull gray Bristol T-3s were being locked in position.  The "Tommy" had a narrow profile, shaped like an axehead lying flat, with a narrow "blade" at the front and a pair of engines at the rear.  Twenty-caliber machine guns were affixed to the rear of the fighter on either side of the engines in pods that could be removed for quick repair or reloading.  
"This is Viceroy Leader to launch control," a captain said.  "In position."
The T-3 sat at the interior end of the narrow tube and all the pilot could see was the confining tunnel around him.  He felt a jolt as the catapult grabbed the cleat on the forward underside of the craft.
"I am latched."  There was another jolt as the tube's doors closed behind him.  "Sealed.  Engaging engines."  The pair of large thrusters began to burn and he watched the throttle needle, making sure to not push it beyond ten percent.  "Ready."
"Understood, Viceroy Leader," the launch officer said.  "Viceroy Squadron is latched and ready.  Launching in five."
There was no countdown.  The leader did so in his head, but he counted more quickly than the launch officer.  He held his breath and then he was pushed against the back of his seat as the Tommy was pulled the short twenty meters through the tube and thrown into space.  Once the latch gave way, Viceroy Leader pushed the throttle forward and the fighter flew away.  
"Viceroy Squadron, this is Leader.  Formation on me, Vindex starboard."  Six T-3s flew away from the carrier and were soon joined by the other six planes in the group.  Once they signaled their presence to him, the captain ordered, "We will sweep to port and engage Lion Darts where we find them.  Mind the counter defenses and keep an eye on your partner."
Viceroy Squadron turned and the pilots saw the bulk of the action before them.  Massive carriers and battleships fired their cannon into space creating dancing whips of fire.  Cruisers swept around the edges of the area, launching volleys of missiles.  Destroyers moved relatively quickly between the larger ships, intercepting missiles and fighters.  In between all of the vessels where the black of space should have been visible, they saw the blasts of exploding shot, brief flashes of destroyed missiles, and trails of smoke and vapor from all manner of rockets.  A Virgan carrier ahead of them took a beating as three missiles struck its large, tall prow.
"Make for Albatross," Viceroy Leader said.  "Target all incoming."
The Tommies throttled up and they passed along the underside of a Janus-class cruiser while its batteries fired toward the Leonans.  They dove then toward the carrier which was now beginning a turn.  The captain knew this was a desperate act because the open hangar bay could be easily damaged if the enemy were fortunate.  He heard the sound of metal striking the hull of his plane as they flew through debris and he turned so his path would cross in front of Albatross.  He saw there two more missiles on approach.
"Incoming.  Weapons free."
The squadron fired.  Yellow tracers streamed into space in front of them and they soon found their target.  One missile exploded, but the second continued on to the carrier and struck its port edge.  As the leader passed, he glanced at Albatross and saw that previous strikes had destroyed its forward defense nests.  A fast-moving ship caught his eye, but he saw that it was another squadron of Tommies nearby.  
"Formation on me." 
The other planes jockeyed away and around plumes of defense fire from the cruiser Repulse as it neared them.  A brief spout of flame from the side of another T-3's engine made the captain ask, "Viceroy Five.  Status?"
"Nearly cooked, Leader.  Throttle's good."
"Darts at seven hundred, Leader!" another pilot called out.
"Break formation and engage," the captain said.
He pulled the stick to the left and scanned space around him.  He saw tracer fire in every direction, streams of defensive rockets exploding in a cavalcade of bursts, and distant Leonan vessels moving closer.  He nearly asked for another positioning, but then he saw them.
Virgans called the silver Leonan Astra 4 "Dart" for good reason.  Coming at them head-on, as this group did to Viceroy Squadron, the slender, needle-like fuselage was almost invisible.  Four thin vanes stood three meters from the fuselage at ninety-degree angles around a single, powerful engine.  Each vane carried with it additional directional thrusters which made the newer fighters far more maneuverable than the T-3.  A pair of twenty-caliber guns at the front of the plane meant, for firepower, they were evenly matched.
By the time the captain saw the Darts, adjusted his position, and began to fire, they were already shooting at his squadron and passing between them.  Viceroy Eight to the leader's left lost their engines under enemy fire and began to fall behind.  The squadron turned, doubling back for the Darts, and when they did, they saw Leonan bullets ripping into Eight's fuselage.  
The captain gritted his teeth and pulled the trigger.  He struck one of the vanes of a Dart but it continued on its path, undaunted.  As Eight exploded in front of him, Ten exploded to his right.  Large streams of yellow fire poured across his path, so the leader turned and spun beneath it.  When he got reoriented, he saw a Leonan Heracles-class destroyer barely half-a-kilometer away.  Where did that come from?
"Viceroy Squadron, break off!  Break off and fall back to Vindex!"
He again dodged incoming fire from the destroyer and a bright, white flash above him got his attention.  A Leonan battleship appeared a kilometer away.  Another flash and another.  Soon, the Leonan vessels far outnumbered the Virgans and Viceroy Leader was killed by the destroyer's counter-defenses.

In the opening moments of the fight, République signaled the other battlegroups around Picon and five of the six jumped to the geosynchronous position with the flagship.  There were now nearly one hundred Leonan vessels unloading on the Virgan ships.  Two cruisers were adrift and aflame and several destroyers exploded.  It would be another three minutes before the other Virgan battlegroups could get their calculations set and jump to the aid of Vanguard and the rest.
Republican advocates during the Revolution chose a five-pointed star as their symbol, and in honor of that, the most powerful Leonan battleship-carriers were named.  The Battlestar République was a newer spacecraft than most of their opponents' and the Leonan crews controlled turrets on the other side of a heavy bulkhead with large wheels and levers.  Ammunition was fed in via mechanical magazines, though these had a tendency to jam.  
For its fighters, the République-class had two hangar bays; one facing port and the other starboard.  These were not as large and wide open as those on the main Virgan carriers, and there were many lifts to take landed craft below to the launch tubes.  The triangular tunnels were fifty meters long, and four opened from each side beneath the hangar.  There were also four tunnels that ran from beneath the hangars to the fore of the ship, meaning the fighters could be launched from its face.
"One sixteen B X," the pilot said as she sat in her Astra 4.  "Stork Ten ready."
"Stand by, Stork Ten," the launch officer responded.
The triangular tunnel before her was lit blue.  In the distance, she saw a patch of black space occasionally disrupted by an explosion or gunfire.  Nervously, she tapped her fingers along the shaft of the control stick before her.  The Dart shook as a four-pronged launcher pushed against the rear of the fighter.  "Fork is in place," she said.
"Engage your engine."
She pressed the button and felt a rumble that quickly died.  She pressed it again and then she heard and felt it turn over.  "Engaged.  Zero throttle."
"Godsspeed, Stork Ten."  The launch officer threw the lever.
The fork and platform against the back of the plane pushed it hard and fast down the tunnel.  Once she was free of the tube, she throttled up and turned to hold alongside République, beneath its counter defenses.  While she waited for her wingman, she looked up through her canopy and watched a barrage of defensive rockets strike the port side of a Virgan destroyer that strayed too closely.  Explosions popped along its surface and she heard a voice in her helmet.
"Stork Ten, this is Stork Nine.  Approaching you now.  The Hog is launching from the starboard hangar."
"Understood, Stork Nine."  She saw her partner's Dart turn toward that side and then moved to follow.  She jostled the stick and scowled.  "I think there's a problem with my avionics.  It feels sluggish."
"Deploy your ventral foil."
She shook her head and flipped the switch.  "Deploying now."  The fourth vane unfolded from beneath the fuselage and locked in place.  With its added thruster bank, the fighter became more nimble.  She almost thanked him but she didn't want to call more attention to her error.
"Hog is away," Nine said.  She looked down and saw a bulky cargo hauler leave the bay with a long crate in tow.  
"Stork flight, this is Hog," a voice crackled.  "Take me to market."
"Hog, this is Stork One," her captain said, "we're ready to go.  All Storks, form up on Hog."
"Ten," her wingman said, "just keep Hog in your mirrors.  Only engage if Stork One says."
"Understood, Nine."
Ten planes of her flight took positions in front of and around the hauler, while the remainder guarded the rear.  Slowly, they gained speed and emerged from behind République's defenses, finding themselves in the middle of the massive battle.  They flew through clouds of dust and debris and heard the clinking of metal on their fighters.  The shiny skin of the planes reflected light from fireballs and tracers all around.  Stork Ten's eyes widened and she struggled to keep focused on the Astra 4s in front of her instead of gawking at the spectacle of a Leonan cruiser wilting under sustained fire or marveling at the effectiveness of Vanguard's defenses which did not run from the batteries of either Liberté or Vérité.  To her upper starboard, she saw one of the newer Atlas-class ships, the Victoria.  A long rectangular wedge, the Virgan ship's heavy armor took a stream of rockets with ease and its cannon never stopped firing.  Ten realized she had begun to drift, so she glanced at the two small convex mirrors attached to either side of the fuselage in front of the canopy and spotted the Hog just behind her with the other planes of her flight arrayed around.
"Two Bricks at three-fifty, elevation two hundred," the captain said.  "Storks Nineteen and Twenty, engage."
"Engaging."  She looked in her mirror and watched them move off to fight the Bristol T-3s.
A missile exploded nearby and many of the fighters shook.  A piece of shrapnel scraped over her canopy and she looked at the gouge in the glass, worriedly.  
"There goes Albatross."  She looked to the lower left and saw the Virgan carrier smoldering under heavy fire.  Its engines were sputtering and they finally exploded, ripping the huge vessel apart.  As its fires faded, flashes appeared beyond, toward the planet.  A Virgan battlegroup had jumped in just three kilometers away.
"It's rather crowded already," someone said.
Another group appeared below them on their right.  Immediately, the new Virgan ships chose targets and streams of cannon fire and missiles joined the visual cacophony.
"Multiple Bricks," Stork One said.  "Eight hundred, elevation negative two hundred.  Storks Thirteen and up, engage."
"Engaging."
As she watched them go and immediately begin a dogfight with several Tommies, Stork One said, "Storks Nine and Ten, fall to the rear guard."
"Understood."  Both planes complied, slowing their throttle and allowing the cargo hauler to move ahead of them.  Ten found a position just behind and to the right of Hog and she looked at the large crate it towed.
"Vindex ahead," Stork One said.  "All Storks and Hog, bank starboard and increase throttle."
The spacecraft complied and the group moved away from the Virgan carrier's counter defenses.  They swept wide and began to turn back toward the large vessel when its last squadron of Tommies leapt from the tunnels.
"Bricks launching!" Stork One said.  "Hog, full ahead!  All Storks, break and engage!"
The cargo hauler's throttle blasted and Ten watched it dive toward Vindex.  Ten pulled back on the stick and she saw a pair of T-3s coming her way.  She held her breath and moved to the right.  She squeezed her trigger and red tracer fire sprang forward and into one of the enemy's paths.  Quickly, though, they passed her and she jerked the stick right.  The turn was tight and she felt the Gs weighing on her.  She glanced at the console and saw the needle on the G-meter descending from five.  One of the Tommies was still in its turn and she focused on it.  Her rounds easily found their marks along the wide length of the Virgan vessel.  The canopy was hit and the plane spun out of control.  
"Good aim, Stork Ten," Nine said.
As she smiled about that, the front of her own fuselage was struck by yellow tracer fire and the other T-3 passed over her again.  She banked left and saw Vindex before her, only half-a-kilometer away.  She was thankful that the Virgans had just launched their own fighters, otherwise she'd have to contend with the carrier's defensive fire.
"Hog entering the market."
She glanced toward the wide hangar bay of the Virgan carrier and saw the hauler nearing the opening.  Defense nests above and below it began to fire on the craft and its cargo, but the shielding on the heavy-duty transport was too thick and it flew inside, near to the deck.  
"Hog deployed."  The hauler cut the line and the crate's magnets pulled it to the hangar floor.  As the hauler exited Vindex on the opposite side, the pilot said, "Clock is ticking, Storks."
"Stork flight," One said, "break engagements and return."
Ten had the other Brick in her sights.  She fired and fired and her shots struck its port gun pod.  She thought she had damaged the engines, but the Virgan pilot engaged a braking maneuver and quickly fell behind the accelerating Dart.  Ten banked to port, just over Vindex's dorsal and bullets raked her starboard vane.  
"Let's fall back, Stork Ten," Nine said in her helmet.  She ignored him.
She turned again and slowed.  The T-3 was turning toward her and she fired again.  This time, she struck its engines causing one to explode.  As it tumbled away, Stork One signaled again.
"All Storks!  Break engagements!  Return now!"
Her adrenaline rush was pushed aside by fear of her commander, so she threw the throttle forward.  The Astra 4 raced over the top of the Virgan carrier and she banked hard to the right.  Doing so caused her to swoon and pushed the G-meter above eight.  At that moment, the Hog exploded in Vindex's hangar bay, breaking the spine of the carrier.  Fuel lines that ran above the bay ruptured and spilled fireballs into space where they quickly vanished.  Ammunition stores beneath the lines ignited and the giant vessel snapped in half.  When the engines exploded, they engulfed Stork Ten, though she was nearly unconscious already.

In a low orbit, far from the action of the majority of the fleets, the Battlestar Foudre sat immobile, unable to respond to République's call to jump because their FTL system was down.  It defended itself against the Virgan carrier Pegasus and its group for more than thirty minutes as the various ships and their fighters slugged it out until the Virgan commander grew impatient.
He shook his head and paced the command deck.  After a jolt, he gripped the brass railing and looked toward the signals officer.  "Is Vanguard still ordering that we join them?"
"Last signal was five minutes ago, sir," the ensign said.
The commodore looked toward his executive officer.  "What does that mean?" he asked.
"Perhaps they're too occupied with Lions to request our aid again," she shrugged.  "Or, perhaps, … they've been destroyed."
He looked toward the spotter's station and saw the screen there, projecting an image from its scopes.  He glared at the Leonan carrier, Foudre, and watched the explosions and gunfire streak across the monitor.  "We've been waylaid here, intentionally, and I've taken their bait."  He walked toward the stand at the center of the command deck and gripped the handles tightly.  "Signals officer, notify the group.  We are departing for Vanguard's last known.  Landing officer," he turned to face the man at the back of the room, "signal all squadron leaders.  Land now.  We depart in one minute."
"Aye, sir."
"Astrogation and helm, plot course and charge engines."
In space, far away from Pegasus, Acorn Squadron was fully engaged with a group of Darts.  Four of their number had been killed, including Acorn Leader.  Acorn Two assumed that role and soon after, he turned his Tommy and fired at the rear of an Astra 4 as it targeted Acorn Six.  The projectiles struck and destroyed the single engine, and the Leonan disintegrated.  
"Obliged, Acorn Leader," Six said.
"Return the favor, Six."  
Most of Acorn Squadron heard only static from Pegasus when they signaled from more than a hundred kilometers away.
"Did you make that out, Leader?" Seven asked.
"Negative," he said.  "Let's push toward home."
The T-3s swooped around a Leonan corvette, evading their weapons fire.  The burning remains of the Virgan destroyer, Marvel, blocked their paths, but they maneuvered around it, too.  When they emerged on the other side, the pilots were understandably surprised to see three destroyers and two cruisers flash away as their FTL engines discharged.  The relatively streamlined form of Pegasus vanished last.
"Bloody hell!  They left us!" Acorn Five said.  "They frakking left us!"
The other pilots began to yell, too, and Acorn Leader said, "Enough!  Pegasus is gone but we've Darts still about us!"  He turned until the planet filled his view outside the canopy.  "Acorn Squadron, formation on me and make for Picon.  Full ahead.  We'll fare better among the clouds than here alone against a full battlegroup and their planes."
The T-3s streamed for the upper atmosphere.  Behind them, nearly one full flight of Astra 4s pursued as the rest of the Foudre battlegroup jumped away to join the main battle, leaving the wounded carrier behind.
The Tommy shook and flames lapped up along the edges of the fuselage as he descended from the blue edge of space.  The Virgan fighters turned into a bank of clouds and pushed lower still.  Free of the high cirrus clouds, he turned again and found the controls too slow.
"Acorn Squadron," he said, "deploy atmospheric foils."
From the wedge-shaped Bristol T-3s, three wings extended and locked into place.  The two on either side were four meters long while a two-meter-long vane stood behind the canopy.  With a switch flip, they went from directional thrusters to flaps and, therefore, more maneuverable in the air.
"Darts at five hundred!" Acorn Eleven yelled.
Leader glanced at his mirrors and saw nothing.  He craned to look around the vertical stabilizer and spotted several of the needle shapes still high in the clouds.  "Dive into the clouds, Acorn.  Then hard to starboard."
The Bristol T-3s did as instructed and they vanished.  The Astra 4s followed, mostly, and some broke away to cover other paths.  Free of the clouds, mist clung to the canopy but it was being blown off by high speed.  He saw a stream of red tracer fire before him and Acorn Leader said, "Break and engage!"
He pulled back on the stick and his Tommy reared up and came to face a Dart that swooped past him.  He depressed the pedal on the floor and the fighter rolled.  He turned and saw another Leonan on the tail of Acorn Six.  With a push of the throttle, he got closer and was able to dot the right side of the Astra with bullets.  The Dart broke apart and Six said, "Thank you again."
Leader was about respond when he heard bullets pinging the left wing.  He rolled away and watched the silver enemy fly past and turn.  In the atmosphere, the Astra 4s were rather maneuverable for spacecraft, but not as much as the Tommies with their wings deployed.
He throttled up again and dove after the Dart.  Through another cloudbank, they burst with the seas of Picon below them.  A pair of Darts were ahead of him now, heading toward the shores.  He saw a city ahead and realized it must be Perkinston.  More Leonans neared the surface and he ordered, "Acorn Squadron, form up on me near the floor.  In pursuit of Darts above the city."
The other planes complied and soon they were flying in formation above the battle.  Leader glanced down and saw swarms of soldiers around the city and in its streets.  Cannon bursts exploded among the buildings and fire engulfed a few of the taller structures, feeding plumes of black smoke.  The Tommies flew through it and then into anti-aircraft fire.  
"What's going on?" Seven asked.
He pulled up and soon he saw a group of Leonan aircraft approaching from the east.  Sixty propeller planes began to fire at them and Leader said, "Break and engage!"  The Morane 6s were painted in the colors of Picon and commanded by the daejang of the Dangun rebels.  They flew with ease through the air, though they were slower than a spacecraft with its thrusters at full burn.  Concentrated fire from two of them destroyed a T-3 and sent Acorn Eleven crashing to the surface.  When the Leader turned to fly again at the slower fighters, he looked up and saw that the Darts were heading back to orbit.  Content to let the locals deal with us.
On the horizon, Leader spied the shapes of six Leonan corvettes moving toward the city from above the distant mountains.  Their cannon opened fire, striking targets on the ground and in the air, downing another member of Acorn Squadron.  A Tommy downed a Pican plane, but then Acorn Five was herself destroyed.  The group of Pican Morane 6s swept to the east, over the bay, and Acorn Leader decided to go after them and away from the larger corvettes.  He used speed to his advantage and flew toward the enemies at nearly full throttle.  He fired, scratching one, and then zipped past them all.  He slowed and began a hard turn to the left, but that's when a design flaw of the T-3 revealed itself.  Though its retractable wings aided in atmospheric maneuvers, because they were not fixed wings, they were more susceptible to damage and less inclined to aid in providing high-speed turns.  Leader's right wing snapped and his Tommy began to tumble.  He crashed just outside Perkinston before he knew what had happened.

From the third-storey window of the Admiralty building in Perkinston, Sir Matthew Lee watched the last of the Virgan fighters get shot down.  He looked toward the floor and grumbled, "Godsdammit."
The building shook again as a shell struck its western side.  Dust fell and the cracked plaster ceiling finally began to shed pieces.  The governor-general looked around the room, placed his hand on his sword, and walked out.  
The interior of what had served as his headquarters and the seat of his government for the last year was in chaos.  People fled offices and chambers.  Stairwells leading to the tall towers of the building spewed smoke into the lower floors.  The advantage of the high ground gave way to flames almost an hour ago now.  Lee stalked toward the railing overlooking the foyer far below and the rotunda high above.  He stared down and watched a group of Redshirts run for the main doors with their lieutenant shouting, "Brace them!  Brace them!"
Have the Picos come so near so soon?
The governor-general ran to one of the western rooms above the main entrance.  Slowly, he approached the window with its glass long since blown out.  He edged closer to it, pressed his face against the stone wall, and looked toward the street below.  A few dozen Redshirts were engaged in hand-to-hand combat with an insurmountable number of Pican fighters.  Some wore the cloth uniforms of the rebel armies, some the outdated armor of Shan cavalry, …  He could not see the street beneath any of them.  If a body fell, they were stepped over, and the invaders crowded nearer and nearer to the building.  Someone shouted, "Cannon!"  The hundreds of soldiers pressed forward or to the sides.  Then, a plume of smoke blasted across the city square into the building.  Lee was shaken from his space against the wall and when he looked again at the scene below, he saw a mass of dead soldiers, mostly Redshirts.  
After a moment of stunned silence, the Picans below screamed and surged toward the main doors.  From the cavernous foyer behind him, he heard shouts, "They've breached the doors!"  As he neared the balcony again, he saw the throng of warriors streaming inside, stabbing and shooting at Virgan soldiers along the way.  
Sir Matthew ran to the nearest stairwell and began to descend it.  He withdrew his sword with his right hand and held it across his chest as he stepped onto the second floor.  Damn them, he thought.  They send me here to clean their mess, yet they give me too few men and too little materiel to do what needs doing.  A Redshirt at the second-floor balcony was shot and fell back.  Lee knelt beside him and took the pistol from the soldier's holster.  In the thick of it all, with barbarians surrounding my city, they sent eight transports of food and medicine!  We've been out of defensive gases for months!  We need more ammunition!  More grenades!  Now they're here and it's too late.
He neared the stairwell and began to descend again to the first floor.  A rebel soldier was running up with a rifle pointed toward the ceiling and the governor-general fired before the man even saw him.  As he fell, a woman came up next, and Lee shot again.  By the time he arrived in the foyer, the pistol was empty and cast aside, and Sir Matthew was stabbing and slashing at any who approached him.
"Hold!"
Lee was breathing heavily and he faced the woman who had called out.  General Duan Kay wore braids of red and gold around her neck and arms and some of the fur-lined armor of the Shan cavalry.  The governor-general didn't recognize her or care.  He glanced around and saw only that he was surrounded and that there would be no escape.
"You fancy yourself a swordsman?" Kay asked.
"That's the blood of your people what drips from it."
She chuckled and shrugged off her heavy coat.  A man behind her grabbed it as it fell and held it.  An older man approached from behind wearing a brown uniform and an officer's insignia.  "General," he said, "let him surrender."
Sir Matthew shook his head.  "I will not surrender."
"You have heard him, " Duan said.  She unsheathed her sword and aimed its point toward the sky.  "When you fall, so falls Virgon's rule of our world."
She stepped forward and swiped upward with the blade and he dodged it.  He slashed down and caught only the edge of her top.  She turned, catching the side of his sword against hers, pushing its length away from his body and then, just as quickly, she brought the edge down through his upper arm.  When his lower arm and hand still gripping the sword fell to the floor, clanging against the marble, Duan stepped back and gently placed the point against the governor-general's chest.
Lee's mouth hung open and he stared as gouts of blood spurted from what remained of his right arm, splashing on the floor.  He became dizzy and dropped to one knee.
"Almost there," Kay said.
Barclay muscled past a few soldiers with a belt that he quickly wound about Sir Matthew's stump.  He tied it tightly and pulled on the end.  Lee looked toward his hand and thought, Stab her, but it didn't move.  He blinked and began to fall forward, but Anson caught him and turned him so he lay on his back.
"Near enough."  Duan put her sword back in her scabbard and turned away.  "Signals!  Transmit to all!  Perkinston is ours!"  The soldiers in the Admiralty building cheered and it was echoed in the streets.  Soon, the cannon stopped and what few Redshirts remained surrendered.
Lee stirred again as he was raised up on a stretcher and carried into the daylight.  He looked around and saw Anson next to him, guiding the medics through the crowds of jubilant fighters.  The former governor-general looked and saw scores of people from all over Picon, and not simply those of the four main rebel groups.  He saw faces he might have thought Virgan and people wearing their regular clothes –Virgan clothes, too – cheering and reveling in his defeat.
In the daze caused by the loss of his limb, Sir Matthew was now doubly confused.

Aboard Vanguard, Commodore Pemberton stared at the fleet operations board.  Every vessel from every battle group was represented with simple white silhouettes.  Now, a lieutenant drew a slash through the cruiser Glorious.  The deck rocked beneath her and she walked around the brass railing to the spotter.
"Show me."
With a switch, the lieutenant was able to project the image from her scope on the screen next to her station.  Space to the starboard side of the battleship was free of missiles as most of the combatants had run out a while ago.  Tracer fire and explosions still dotted the view but with far less ferocity than before.  
The battle began furiously with the ships in their standoff positions.  After the shooting began, formations broke apart and each jockeyed for the best firing angles.  Smaller, faster vessels managed to fly in and out of the main battle, shooting as they did.  Fighters from the carriers fought each other, took out missiles, and occasionally targeted sensitive portions of the larger ships.  The battle spread out once the other battlegroups jumped in and the larger vessels moved away from the center.  Those with engine damage or those that couldn't were no longer with them.
An hour after the first shots, Vanguard began to pace around one side of the drifting remains of dozens of ships, Leonan and Virgan.  Other Virgans formed up with Vanguard and their guns were trained across the void at the enemy.  At these distances, a hit with cannon fire would be luck.  Most didn't bother firing and Catrina knew what she wanted to do.
"Firing control," she looked toward the ensign there, "munitions status."
"All missile batteries depleted.  Forward batteries at ten percent.  Port at twenty.  Starboard at twenty-five.  Counter-defense rockets depleted and firing nests report thirty percent."
The commodore nodded.  "Have the starboard powder master move one-fifth to the forward batteries."
"Yes, sir."
Pemberton turned and saw a medic standing up from Captain Moore, who still leaned against a post with a bandage pressed against his forehead.  "How is he?"
"Concussed, likely," the nurse said.  "He refuses to report to sickbay."
She looked down and said, "Thomas?"
"It's still my damned ship."  He grunted and pulled himself upright.  "I'll not leave the deck until it's over."
She smiled and clapped his shoulder before she faced the signals officer.  "Mr. Bennett, is the Empress still with us?"
"She is."
"And her planes?"
His mate passed him a logbook and he flipped through it.  "She recalled three squadrons.  The remainder are either lost or still deployed."
"That'll do."  She looked at the tactical table at the center of the command deck.  She pictured the Virgan fleet circling clockwise near her and the Leonans circling on the opposite side.  "Signal all vessels to plot intercept courses.  On my mark, we will turn toward them, full speed, and fire on them with forward guns when in range.  I anticipate that they will do the same and then we will allow our broadsides to settle things as they do upon the seas."
"Aye, commodore.  Sending now."
"And order Colossus to run parallel to us on our port side, no closer than four kilometers.  Tell Commodore Price we'll be moving fast so he has to keep up."
"Yes, sir."
She walked toward the astrogation panel and watched the midshipman draw a line across the grid.  The young woman used a device to measure the angle and she called it out to the helmsman.  Pemberton looked beyond the wheels to the closed shutter and the warped bulkhead.  She imagined Admiral Byng standing there and marveled at how there was now no trace of him.
"All vessels acknowledge, commodore," Bennett said.
"Very good."  She backed up to the brass railing and held it.  "Send to all vessels, mark.  Helmsman, now."  Vanguard and the remnant of the Virgan fleet ceased their circling of the battlefield and turned into it, increasing their speed.  
Moments later, the spotter yelled from her scope, "Collision!"
Moore shouted, "Sound collision!"
Bells rang with three short bursts throughout the ship and repeated.  The spotter said, "Adrift destroyer, the Marksman.  It'll strike the upper tower in less than thirty seconds!"
"Helm," the captain stepped around the railing, "decrease elevation by two hundred degrees.  Roll one-quarter to port."
"Yes, sir!"  The young man rolled the pitch wheel forward two full rotations as he stepped on the leftmost floor pedal.  After a small bell sounded, he released his foot.  The command deck went silent save for the alarms.  Pemberton watched the spotter and felt relief when she began to nod.
"We've done it.  Passing Marksman now."
Moore said, "Very good.  Helm, resume course."
"Aye, captain."
"Sirs," the spotter began, "the Leonans.  They've stopped."
"Stopped what?"
"They're no longer circling, but they've not turned to engage us, either."
Pemberton and Moore looked at each other.  After a moment, he said, "Do they mean to broadside us where they stand?"
The spotter looked up and said, "We'll be in firing range in less than thirty seconds."
"Commodore," Bennett said as he stood, pressing his headset against his ear, "I'm receiving a standdown signal from the Leonans."
Moore almost laughed.  "They can't be serious."
Catrina scowled and said, "All ships, full stop."
Thomas stepped closer to her and said, "Why?"  As the helmsman moved the thrust lever back, it buzzed, signaling the engine room.
Everyone lurched as the acceleration ceased and the deceleration began.  She didn't look at him.  She just stared at the closed blast shield.  "Something's happened."
"All ships acknowledge."
Pemberton gestured toward Bennett.  "Put the standdown signal on speakers."
They crackled and distorted with what sounded like a whistle.  The simple tones didn't form a melody, but every soldier and sailor across the worlds knew them.  Hearing the Leonan version felt odd, as if it was heavily accented like their speech.  After it repeated a few times, it stopped and was replaced with a voice.
"This is Amiral d'escadre Edouard le Bris of the Espace Nationale, in command aboard Bataille-étoile République.  With whom shall I speak?"
She cleared her throat and looked toward the signals officer.  As he handed her a headset, he nodded.  "This is Commodore Catrina Pemberton of the Royal Navy, commanding the battlegroup of the RNS Vanguard."  
"Bon.  I am communicating with you to say that the battle is over."
She looked at Moore who still seemed confused.  "Why is that, admiral?"
"The battle on the ground is finished.  The Pican people have taken Perkinston."
The captain's shoulders sagged and he shook his head.  Catrina nodded.  Now it makes sense.  "You'll forgive me, admiral, if I choose to reach out to the governor-general myself?"
"Not at all.  I shall wait."
"Mr. Bennett?"
The lieutenant was tuning a dial and flipping switches.  "I have the receiver."  His eyes darted around as he listened.  "No one's … Attention, Perkinston.  This is the Virgan fleet.  Requesting to speak to the governor-general."  His eyes went wide and he set the device down.  "I was just told to 'Go frak myself,' sir."
"I suppose that's confirmation of a sort."
A tinny voice came from the headset and Bennett picked it up again.  "They said they're getting someone called … General Barclay Anson."
"The traitor of Queenstown.  So it is true."  She brought her device back to her mouth and said, "Admiral, it appears as though you are correct."
"Oui."
"Commodore," the lieutenant said, "I have the general."
"Can you join the signals?"
"Yes, sir."  He flipped switches and said, "Done."
"Admiral le Bris of the Leonan fleet, we are joined by General Anson in Perkinston.  General, I am Commodore Pemberton, in command of the Virgan fleet."  Through gritted teeth, she added, "I am familiar with your name."
"I am sure.  The fighting has stopped in Perkinston and Picon's people are, at last, in control of our world."
"General, …"
"As such, commodore," Anson interrupted, "your fleet is no longer welcome in our orbit.  The people of Leonis have been our allies and their ships are allowed."
She sighed and said, "I understand, general.  Will you please allow us to carry out search and rescue operations among our derelict ships?"
After a brief pause, he said, "Yes.  We also have many prisoners you may wish to take from us, including the former governor-general."
"Sir Matthew is alive?"
"Wounded, but yes."
"With your permission, general, I would like to dispatch transports to the surface."
"Only your transports, commodore."
"Thank you.  Mr. Bennett," she turned, "send the Excester and have them land transports outside Perkinston."
"Yes, sir."
"Commodore," le Bris said, "if you like, as we carry out our own rescue operations, we would be happy to assist yours."
She formed a fist and pressed it against the top of the signals station.  "Thank you, admiral.  If we require aid, we will request it.  In the meantime, I will be sending the majority of our vessels home."
"Bon voyage, commodore."
She nearly rolled her eyes.  "Thank you, admiral.  General."  She tossed the headset back onto the station and Bennett closed the channels.
"Catrina," Thomas said as he looked toward her.  Her eyebrows raised and she wondered what he might say.  "Letting the Picos have Perkinston?  Halting the battle because a Lion and a Pico rebel said so?  Sending our fleet home?  I fear the Admiralty will not like these decisions.  They may reverse them."
"That is between the Admiralty and myself, or the Admiralty and Picon.  For my part, I was ordered to escort the governor-general to his post and minimize Leonan interference.  The governor-general has been deposed and we damn well fought to minimize the Leonans."
"With the largest single fleet engagement in the history of the colonies, I should say so."  Moore held his hands behind his back.  "And perhaps the late Admiral Byng may draw some fire from yourself."
"Perhaps."
Silence.  Then, the captain asked, "What now?"
"Now we," she looked at the signals officer and said, "order Clay and Norfolk to use their transports and begin a search of our wrecked ships.  Vanguard will remain to coordinate.  All other vessels," she finally slumped, "are to form up and return to Virgon."
L
CAPRICA
1,781 Years After Colonization

Sonya Wagner stood in front of the refurbished government building in downtown Capricoria.  She looked at the bustle of merchants and townspeople all about and heard their conversations and laughter.  She turned to her left and saw the beauty of the mountains and the green trees dotted around the simple structures.
"I see why you like it here."
Paul Androv nodded.  "It feels almost carefree.  Certainly unlike Rhodes."
"This is open.  There is still a hint of nature."
"That's part of it," he said.  "In Rhodes, there was fear."
Wagner sighed.  "The state police were disbanded and new local authorities formed, but the people have no trust in them yet."
"For good reason."
"And no matter how much the Council says things are changing, and no matter how much we actually change, everyone is too skeptical."
"They've been told those things before," Paul said.  "They'll need to see it."
They heard many footsteps on the road to their right and turned.  There, they saw the pale blue uniforms of Dordogne on several soldiers with a group of men and women in suits at their center.  The citizens of Capricoria parted for them and the delegation stopped before the stairs.
"Leader Wagner," the chief Dordogne representative said.
"President Borde," she bowed a little.  "Thank you so much for coming."
He walked up the stairs and shook her hand.  "Thank you for having me."
Sonya gestured to her left.  "This is Commander Paul Androv, a trusted advisor and friend."
"Commander," they shook hands and Borde scanned his black outfit.  "You do not wear the Rhodian uniform."
"I do not, sir.  I am a Caprican Legionnaire.  The Rhodian military is being dissolved."
Vincens seemed shocked.  "That is true, Mr. President," Wagner said as she stepped aside and gestured toward the doors.  "There is a rot within them and many other governmental agencies.  The provisional government is cleansing it."
Inside the building, they found an empty foyer and seating.  They walked up the stairs to the primary conference room which had been set up for these summits.  This was the fourth meeting between various leaders of Rhodia and Dordogne since the end of hostilities.  The capital of the latter, Lato, was still in heavy disrepair after the war and the Dordogne did not trust Rhodia sufficiently to meet in Rhodes.  Thus, Capricoria was selected for all such events.
"Leader Wagner," the president said, "after the third meeting, my vice president came to me with an offer that I could not believe."
"I am sure, Mr. President."
"She told me that you," he pointed across the table, "wished to unite with Dordogne."
"Essentially, that is correct."  Sonya leaned forward, "The aim of the people in the provisional government," she nodded toward Androv, "and the Legionnaires has been to free Caprica from the reins of Virgon and Leonis.  For us to join together and as one world."
"If you will permit me," Androv said as he stood.  He walked to a corner and stood by a flagpole there.  "Some years ago, we created this Caprican flag."  He took a corner of the banner and held it out, revealing three stripes of red, white, and blue horizontally across with a golden Capricorn symbol at the center.  "Red and white from Rhodia's flag.  Blue and gold from Dordogne's.  This is all of us, together and free."
Borde nodded and said, "It is a nice flag and sentiment."  He turned and looked at Wagner again, "We have been free ever since the Revolution took the king out of power and the Assembly left us to fend for ourselves."  Paul left the side of the flag, somewhat dejected that it didn't have a greater impact.  "You are now free of Virgon.  We have signed a treaty to end the war.  You have given us disputed islands as a show of goodwill.  Why should we join together when we have not yet fully existed by ourselves?  Why should we not enjoy our freedom and see what comes?"
Sonya nodded.  Vincens thought and looked at her, scanning her for some sign.  After years of living in Rhodes and being part of the government, Wagner had long ago adopted a steely persona and expression.  It was her primary defense.  "That is a fair question, Mr. President," she said.  "I certainly don't think we should unite all at once.  I would suggest a gradual marriage, one that takes place in steps over a decade, perhaps.  Or more.  Regardless, I know that we would be stronger as one world.  Together, we can defend against the Empires if they rise again.  More importantly, I believe, we will be better prepared deal with the other colonies if we act as a single world."
"Now you come to something that speaks to me," Borde said.  "We have engaged in some trade with the other worlds and I sense a great future in it."
"As do we."
"But the time is not here.  After the Last Battle, Picon is only now free and they must rebuild.  Tauron still struggles.  Gemenon is riddled with religious battles among their various sects, arguing which of the gods is held most high.  Scorpia struggles against Leonis still, Sagittaron is a dominion with their own issues, and Aerilon is small.  Canceron, though.  Canceron would be a valuable trade partner."  He paused and then shook his head, "Still, the majority are not ready for large-scale trade."
"At the moment, no.  They are not."  Sonya raised her head and said, "When they are, if we are united, Caprica will be in a position to command great respect and arrangements."
Vincens seemed excited and he leaned forward, "Outside of the imperial worlds, we have a population second only to Canceron."
Wagner almost smiled.  "Yes."
"With our focus turned to commerce and industry, and so near other heavily populated colonies, Caprica would be a hub of it all.  Merchants from the four systems would come to us."
"Yes, they would."
"And we could finally exploit the wilderness of Cyllene."  Borde hit the table lightly with his fist and said, "I am liking the idea."  He paused and seemed to deflate, "But I fear the past between us may slow any progress."
"There will be difficulties, I am sure," she said, "but if we frame this as an opportunity for all of Caprica, I believe they can be convinced."
"If I may," Paul raised a single finger, "I have an idea."  Everyone looked at him and he said, "Many of the colonies are going through the same issues that we are.  Perhaps we should invite them to a conference here.  We can discuss our lives without the Empires and exchange ideas."
Both Wagner and Borde nodded as they considered it.  "Interesting," she said.  Not exactly a ringing endorsement.
"And," Androv continued, "we can show the other worlds that Caprica is ready for trade and that we are able to provide."
"Ah," the president said and wagged a finger.  "Very good, commander.  I like this."
Sonya asked Paul, "Would we invite Virgon and Leonis?"
"We can, but it's the vassals' turn to rule."
LI
ANSON
Unknown Years Before Activation

"'The traitor of Queenstown,'" a Virgan-accented voice said.
The average-sized, unassuming man didn't flinch.  He remained at attention wearing his brown Independent Picon Army uniform and staring at the blackness.
A woman's voice said, "While the rebellion raged on the seas, you quietly gathered sympathetic Picans under your command at the garrison and moved people in and out of sensitive positions.  Then, several years into the so-called 'Hollow Rebellion,' you were surrounded by people you could trust and you seized the capital building, declared the city's independence, and joined the rebel cause."
Barclay nodded once.  "I did."
The male responded, "How Virgan are you?"
Anson smirked.  "My father's line can be traced back to the clans of Jomon and the bushos of that time.  There's plenty of blue in his blood along the way, however.  My mother's grandmother was a Virgan by birth and came to Picon as a commodore's purser."
"So," the female said, "why did you do it?"
"Because it was just.  For centuries, the Empire ruled Picon.  Its people were fuel for their fires, spent on other worlds in their wars or in their palaces to serve their nobles.  The riches of my home were taken away to build their ships, only to have them return and fire upon us."
"But Picon had been at peace for two or three hundred years.  There was no war there.  Why not leave well enough alone?"
The general never changed where he looked.  "There's right and there's wrong.  The rule of Picon by Virgon was wrong.  It had to come to an end."
The male asked, "Even though your fight shattered that peace?  Even though a generation of your people knew only war and hardship and tens of thousands were killed?"
Barclay looked down and thought.  When he raised his head again, he said, "The sacrifice of all who fought and suffered for a free Picon was necessary."
"But you made that decision for your people.  You and Admiral Noi and the other rebel leaders dragged your world into a war with an empire."
Anson's voice became firm and almost angry, "They fought for a decade, winning more Picans to their side as all the people saw the brutality and oppression of Virgon.  It took time, but the people joined with us."  He took a breath.  "Many thousands suffered.  Maybe millions."  He nodded, "I am not pleased with that fact.  It simply is.  But a greater good will come from that suffering."
"What is that?"
He seemed confused that the voice didn't understand.  "The future.  Because our generation fought for Picon's freedom and suffered, future generations can enjoy everything that comes with that.  After all," he shifted his stance, "it's why anyone does anything, right?  To make things better.  To make tomorrow better than today for ourselves and our children."  The voices were silent and his eyes scanned the darkness.  "What is it?"
"I think," the female said, "your view of mankind is more generous than most."
The male followed up, "Yes.  You are a rare one."
"Well," Barclay resumed attention, "that is a shame."

END OF BOOK EIGHT


I
LIBRA
1,393 Years After Colonization

Green.  The world below showed little else beneath its clouds.
"That's it?"
"It is."  Sergent Josse Pellette looked over his shoulder at his wife.  "Meli, we are here."  Her scowl remained.
Corporal Piers Bellamy knelt by the pilot's seat and looked out the window.  "Where will we land?"
Pellette began to adjust levers on the panel.  "I know where the site is.  I studied it."
"They won't find us?" a private asked from behind them.
"No.  They will think we're still on Sagittarius."  The transport shook as it descended through the atmosphere.  Once it cleared the clouds, everyone crowded toward the pilots' seats to look at the ground.  "There, near the mangroves.  I believe that's the clearing."
Seas broke upon low, rocky shores and what ground there was beyond was filled with the small green plants.  Swamps lined and veined the ground, giving way to scant stripes of clear grass in the shadow of enormous trees.
"Bigger than Gemini trees, that," another private said.
"I've been to Gemini and seen what remains of their forest," Bellamy said.  "Theirs are still bigger."
After the transport lurched one last time, Josse turned off its engines and got up from his seat.  "Squad, outside."
The soldiers opened the hatch and lined up by the side of the transport with their rifles.  Pellette stopped next to Melisendre and put his hand on her shoulder.  She jerked away.
Outside, the sergent stepped down and scanned the looming forest.  Birds flew from treetop to treetop and whistled.  Insects erupted from the grass and flew upward in the waxing sunlight like an ethereal mist.  An unknown animal cried "whoop" in the jungle and drew everyone's attention.  Finally, Josse's eyes landed on the large marble monument fifty meters away.  "Come along."
The men and women in blue trudged across the damp ground, trampling the tall, green grass, waving their arms furiously through the clouds of small bugs.  A large one hummed past with a deep bass drone and a pair of privates halted, fearful of what appeared to be a long stinger on its tail.
The sergent slapped the marble base and column before he looked up at the corroded pole.  The flag of Leo had once flown there, but it was lost to the weather or animals many years before.  He walked around to the bronze plaque and brushed thin, reedy vines off it.  "'Libra is hereby claimed by Leo and its Empire in the name of King Philippe the Second.  In honor of the extinct symbol of our empire, the great northern horn-cat, His Majesty declares this world a preserve of nature in the manner that the Gods have bestowed it.'"  He nodded and read the date.  "Nine-oh-one."
"Almost five hundred years," Private Proulx said.
Slowly, Pellette looked across their faces and his chest ached with shame and guilt.  "My friends, I cannot thank you enough, nor can I apologize enough, for what you have done."
They all stood rigid.  Piers looked down the line and then at Josse.  "Sergent, we would follow you anywhere."  To punctuate this, the others clapped their hands loudly against the stocks of their weapons.
He lowered his head and whispered, "Thank you."  He felt tears about to come, but he inhaled sharply, pushing them aside.  He raised his head and said, "We have work ahead of us.  Proulx and Simone, gather what brush you may to conceal our transport, lest some search party venture so far."
"Yes, sergent!"  They saluted and ran off.
"Courbet, Burja, and Corporal Tyjani," he looked toward the trees, "please scout about for food and fresh water.  Hunt, if you must, but have an eye for fruits and vegetables.  Our rations will only last so long."
"Yes, sergent."
"Lamar, Voland, and Corporal Bellamy, please secure our supplies from the transport and begin constructing a camp no fewer than fifty meters into the forest."
"Yes, sergent."
"I," he paused and looked toward the small craft, "will be talking to my wife."
Piers stopped and said, "Good luck, sergent."
"Thank you."
When he stuck his head back into the Leonan transport, he heard Melisendre crying.  Sensing him behind her, she sniffed and quickly wiped her eyes.
"Meli," Josse said as he stepped beside her and sat in the seat to her left.  "Please let me explain."
She glanced back at the hatch and, once she saw that no one else was entering, she yelled, "Why didn't you explain before we left?!  You grabbed me and tossed me into this machine!"
"I am sorry."  The sergent lowered his head and leaned his elbows onto his knees.  "There was simply no time."
"Why?!" she barked.  "Why?!"
Pellette looked toward the deck and slowly sat upright.  "Our unit was sent to Acanth, in the south.  We had been told that the people there were worshipping Trivia with animal sacrifices."
"Hecate?"
"Yes.  There were rumors that a child had been sacrificed, as well.  Our unit was dispatched and we landed there.  We found, quickly, a hut with its ways painted in blood.  The blood of animals.  There were some seven or eight people inside and they were snatched.  In the street, we stood them, and questioned them, asking about other followers and they gave none.  Then, the lieutenant ordered us to kill these heathen."
His wife's hand covered her mouth and she stared at him in shock.  "We raised our rifles and I fired."  He looked out the cockpit windows into the forest.  "I have never killed another before.  These were our people.  They were natives, like us.  Not the Leo.  But they sinned against the gods, so they must die.  I understand this."
"Is this why we have fled?" she asked.
"There is yet more."  He sighed and realized he couldn't look her in the eye.  "The lieutenant ordered us to gather all of the people of Acanth from their homes and the fields, and to bring them to the bloodied hut.  We complied and I believed that they would be told of the sins of these few and warned against the perpetuation of that sin."  His throat tightened.  "Instead, once the people were collected, and there were a few hundred, the lieutenant ordered us to deploy the heavy chain rifle."  Meli looked confused and he explained, "It is a rifle on a stand fed bullets on a kind of chain that fires as many as one per second."  She gasped and Josse continued.  "I knew that he meant to kill everyone in the town.  I looked at them all and I could not bear the thought."  His breathing quickened.  "Finally, the chain rifle was set up and the lieutenant told the people of Acanth that they had been tainted by sinful worship, and that the wages for such sin is death.  When he gave the order, I raised my rifle again."
"Josse," she whispered.
"I shot first the Leonan at the rifle and then I shot the lieutenant.  My squad came to my side immediately and held the others at bay.  I took from them their weapons and bound them.  I asked the people of Acanth to feed and care for them until others came and I explained why I did what I did.  That the sins of a few should not be borne by the whole."  He nodded, trying to convince himself again that he had done right.  "The other squads were natives, too, and they understood, I believe."  He cleared his throat.  "We took the transport and my squad and I decided that we needed to flee.  We returned then to Goule de Val to gather supplies and … you."
The craft became silent.  Meli took his hand and said, "I am sorry.  But … why here?  Why this world?"
"I feared we would be found if we remained on Sagittarius, even if we had ventured into the hills or some distant island.  I have long been fascinated with Libra and its wilderness."  He grinned at her briefly to appease her, but his own pain made it vanish.  "I had hoped this might be a kind of holiday for us.  One that lasts forever."  She didn't seem to feel better.  "I am sorry that I have brought you to such a place and with an uncertain future."  She began to weep again and she lowered her head.  Pellette put his arm around her and began to make soothing noises.  "I am truly sorry."
She sniffed and looked at him.  "I was waiting for you to return home from duty to tell you."  He looked at her, curious.  She began to cry again and she whimpered, "I am pregnant."

Private Hafsa Lamar stood in the slight clearing and stared into the thick, green canopy.  Branches and leaves and vines overlapped and crossed each other, shielding the jungle floor from a beam of light or the sight of the blue sky.  She forced herself to not blink.  She fixed her attention on a particular group of branches some sixty meters off the ground.
"Lamar?" Corporal Bellamy called out.  "What are you doing?"
"Keeping watch," she said.
Bellamy put down a bundle of fallen leaves he had collected and walked to her side.  He saw that her finger was by the trigger of her rifle and she was gripping it tightly.  He whispered, "What did you see?"
She shook her head side-to-side once.  "Don't know.  Movement."
An animal to their left whistled and then whooped.  Piers glanced in its direction and then back toward the suspect trees.  "Keep your watch until you're satisfied."
"Yes, corporal."
The sun continued to sink and the camp sprung up around her.  Mats of fallen sticks were wound together with vines and lay upon the ground.  Large lean-tos were constructed at the bases of several trees with multiple layers of leaves for shelter.  The canvas tents they had taken from their home base were erected under the sloped roofs and stones were arranged at the center of the small clearing for a fire.  Finally, in darkness, when Sergent Pellette and the rest of the squad came to the camp, Lamar turned away and walked toward the nascent fire.
Josse sat on a log with his wife and asked, "What were you looking at, Hafsa?"
Bako Voland laughed.  "She said she saw something in the trees.  She stood watch all day so she wouldn't have to work."  
Lamar stared at the flames and simply said, "No, I saw something."
Pellette studied her and saw the seriousness on her face.  "What did you see?"
She looked up and tried to gather her words.  "A shape."
The sergent looked around at everyone and said, "We should all be cautious.  The gods only know what crawls these lands or climbs these trees."
"Or grows," Corporal Elodie Tyjani added.
"Speaking of which," Josse looked around, "Corporal, private, what feast have you gathered for us?"
"Eh," Private Ango Courbet began, "here you are."  He handed over a basket full of items.
Pellette looked inside and saw a host of various roots, thick leaves, berries, and two different kinds of fruit.  "Have you sampled any yet?"
"No," Tyjani said.  "The roots may fare well in a broth or stew.  The berries and the fruits, …"
Josse lifted one of the small red oval-shaped berries to his mouth as Courbet said, "They may be poisonous."
The sergent halted.  He looked about and asked, "Where is the medical kit?"
"Over here," Bellamy said.
"Good."  
Meli looked at it with disgust.  "If we had brought some of the roots, herbs, and leaves from home, you would not need their medicines."
"I would have preferred that," Pellette said, "but there was too little time."  He brought the berry again to his mouth and took the tiniest bite of it possible.  He chewed only twice and spat it out.  "Painfully bitter.  If it is not poison then it has missed its destiny."  He reached for his canteen and took a mouthful of water.
"We do have good news," Elodie said.  "There is a pond fed by a stream two kilometers to the northeast.  The water is fresh and seems good."
"Excellent," the sergent said.  He sighed and looked at the fruit.  "Dare I try?"
Meli stared into the basket and said, "I will."
Fearful of her condition, he quickly said, "No, no.  I will try first."  He withdrew his knife from his side and sliced a portion from the orange one.  He bit it gingerly and slowly chewed.  He felt a tart sting followed by a pleasant sweetness.  He raised his eyebrows and nodded.  "Quite good.  Like both types of pomelo in one."  He picked up the smaller green fruit and cut a slice from it.  He bit quickly and just as quickly spat.  "The rind on this one is inedible."  He then bit the flesh.  Unsure what to make of it, he ate more.  "Delicious.  Very subtle.  I believe a cool glass of this one's juice would be refreshing on a hot day."  He looked at the basket and then at Tyjani.  "Did you bring enough for everyone?"
"We have a few more," she lifted another basket toward the fire.  "Not enough for a meal."
"Rations for tonight, then."  Pellette gave his wife the remainder of the fruits and watched as Bellamy distributed the small packs.  "Animals?"
"If anyone has a love for insects, they shall be well sated," Courbet laughed.
"We saw a great many birds high in the trees," Elodie said.  "Some larger ones ventured toward the ground to feed on the insects.  I saw something like a mole scramble about the base of a tree."
Ango nodded, "I found a kind of snake near the pond.  It slithered away from me as I neared and I saw it had small nubs where its arms and legs should have been, were it a lizard."
"Interesting."
"I would recommend a small party to set themselves by the pond tomorrow," Tyjani said.  "There we might kill one of the birds or find something larger."
"Very well, corporal.  Your team shall deal with that at first light."
"Yes, sergent."
Pellette looked around as each of them finished their eating.  Finally, he said, "We have had an incredibly long day.  Let us all have a good rest."
"Yes, sergent."  They stood from their rocks or logs and gathered their things.  
Lamar sat still and asked, "What of the fire?"
"We should douse it," Bellamy said.  "No need to draw anyone or anything to us."
Josse unbuttoned his uniform jacket.  "We shall certainly be warm enough tonight.  Go ahead."  The corporal poured water on the small flames.
The husband and wife ducked under their lean-to and into the canvas tent.  It was close inside, but there were multiple layers between them and the forest beyond.  This gave him a sense of security.  With a few snaps, the tent's flap was buttoned in place and he lay back onto a pillow next to Melisendre.  
She whispered, "You didn't tell them."
"No.  For now, this burden is ours.  They have been troubled enough in the last day and I do not wish to burden them further yet."
She nodded and put her hand on his chest.  "I wonder what the season is now.  I should hope it doesn't become much warmer than …"
She stopped speaking at the sound of breaking branches and bending wood.  Josse leapt toward the flap and ripped the buttons open.  He stuck his head outside and looked toward the source of the noise.  Some sixty or seventy meters high, a great weight moved through the trees.  Smaller branches snapped and bits of them clustered with leaves fell to the jungle floor. The sound of its passage reverberated in the clearing and it moved away from their camp.
In the very faint light of the night fed only by the stars and the small moon, Herse, supplemented by the two flashlights wielded by a pair of soldiers, the sergent could see that everyone was peering out from their tents.  The beams were pointed toward the canopy and the disturbance climbed higher, away from the weaker branches that couldn't fully bear its weight.  It continued on to the north, disturbing the leaves as it went, but silently.
Everyone remained still until there was no noise to be heard and finally, the flashlights turned toward their own camp.  There they found Private Lamar, still sitting by the dead fire, and staring into the trees.

Before dawn, Corporal Tyjani's team moved away from the camp and to the pond.  Each of the four soldiers quietly took up positions in the thick brush that bordered the large pond, lying on the ground, and training their rifles toward the water.  
Elodie ordered that no one was to fire on small wildlife.  "I want big game," she said.
Private Hubert Simone lay on his stomach for two hours now, rolling occasionally to one side or the other to prevent cramping.  This was the only discomfort, other than the heat and humidity.  It was a soothing duty, listening to the sounds of animals all about him, watching the flight of insects and birds in the occasional beams of sunlight, enjoying the faint trickle of the stream.  He heard leaves and grass being brushed by near him and beside him and he would turn only a little, just enough to see that it was a bird or something else.  Only once did he move excessively and that was when a long, sixteen-legged insect crawled over his bare arm, raking its proboscis across the salty sweat.
When he stopped flailing, he slowed his breath and looked toward the water.  A tall bird waded in up to its ankles and bent low with its long bill.  He pivoted the rifle toward it and lined it up in his sight.  The muscle of his trigger finger twitched and he whispered, "Pow."  The great blue crane raised its head and looked all about.  Then, with a leap, it extended its wide wings and flew above the pond, higher and higher toward the distant trees.  Simone stared with his mouth open, awed by the creature's size and beauty.
He heard grass being trampled behind him.  With the barest turn of his head, he looked over his shoulder and saw the shape of a man standing there.  Bellamy's team isn't supposed to relieve us until midday.  As he watched the person, it strained his eye to look so far in his periphery.  The figure then stood up, raising far above the height of a man.
Hubert froze and looked forward.  He took a single deep breath and then quickly rolled onto his back.  He raised the rifle at the open space, but the shape was gone.  He blinked and sat up.  His head moved all around himself and then he stood.  He walked to where it had been standing and saw no print on the ground, but the soil was covered by the grass and old, fallen leaves.  The private looked toward the pond and gauged where the corporal was seated.
He knelt and began to walk toward her, hunched beneath the tops of the bushes.  He kept his rifle at the ready and his head constantly swept from side to side.  He approached Elodie from the rear and whispered to her, "Corporal."
"Simone?"  She waved him forward and he slid along the grass and smaller shrubs, positioning himself by her.  "You saw that blue bird?  That was big enough to feed us, I am certain."
"There is something else here."
Tyjani faced him.  "What do you mean?"
He swallowed hard and said, "I heard a noise behind me and I looked.  I saw what I thought to be a man at first, but much taller.  When I turned and raised my weapon, it was gone."
The corporal chuckled.  "You've been on watch too long."
"No, I swear it."
"Hubert, …"
"Are there colonists here?"
She narrowed her eyes.  "You saw the plaque.  The Leo claimed this world, but they didn't settle here.  It was probably too difficult and expensive to clear the jungle."
"No, before that.  After Kobol.  When the survivors settled the worlds."
"I'm not well versed in my history, but I would think not."
He sighed and looked through the small leaves toward the pond.  "I swear I saw something."
"Very well.  I believe you."  She returned her attention to the water.  "Return to your post and be …"
They both looked toward the trees above the pond.  The branches bent and they moved as something went among them.  "Frak," Hubert said.  "I didn't look up.  Why didn't I look up?"
Elodie got onto her knees and raised her rifle.  She aimed it at the disturbance which moved to the opposite side of the pond.
There, Private Leon Burja was distracted by the play of a pair of small finch-like birds at the edge of the water.  His attention was only broken when he heard rustling above him and the snapping of a branch.  He looked up and saw nothing.  The motion stopped.  Then, behind him, he heard something land on the ground with enormous mass and he felt it rumble in his body.  Quickly, he rolled over and saw a gray shape begin to stand.  Burja jumped to his feet and raised his rifle.  When he did, a great arm slashed across his front and he felt the draining warmth of blood being released from his throat.
Tyjani stood and began to run around the edge of the pond.  Simone was right behind her and he asked in a loud, hissing whisper, "What was that?!  You saw that?!"
"I saw it."  
They ran past Private Courbet's position and he was startled by their presence.  He jumped out after them and began to run.  "What's happened?"
Hubert looked behind himself and said, "There's a big animal near Burja!"
The trio came around to the end of the pond near the stream and they stood in the small space behind the brush where their comrade had been.  He was gone.
The corporal knelt and ran her hands through the grass.  She felt something wet and removed her fingers.  Blood.  She showed the others and both widened their eyes.  She stood and placed the butt of her rifle against her shoulder and scanned.  The privates did the same.  The group moved away from the brush and toward the base of a tree when a single drop hit the top of Simone's head.  He blinked and reached up to it.  When he looked, he saw the smear of blood on his palm. 
Slowly, all three looked up at the great tree that rose above them, scanning its height with their rifles as much as with their eyes.  Nothing moved.  There was no sound near them; only the distant calls of other animals and the buzzing of insects.  Tyjani walked closer to the trunk of the tree and saw five vertical marks above her head.  She looked lower and saw punctures in the bark.  Higher, some six meters up, she saw more vertical scratches and a smear of redness.
"What do we do?" Courbet whispered.
"Return to camp.  Now."

"Describe it," Pellette said.
Simone looked at the corporal who said, "Large."
The sergent raised his eyebrows expectantly.  "Is that all?"
"It's all I saw," she answered.  "We were across the pond, some twenty meters away.  We ran toward Burja's position and it was gone."
"Climbed into the trees."
"Yes, sergent."
"The marks, would you guess it had large claws?"
"I would."  Elodie sighed.  "At least five on each hand.  Or paw."
Corporal Bellamy's team ran into the camp from their hunting and gathering journey.  "We came as soon as we heard your whistle.  What is it?"
Josse nodded toward Private Lamar, "Your shape, it seems, has killed Private Burja."  The other soldiers were shaken.  "It does move about in the trees, as we likely saw last night.  It is large and has claws.  From now on, no one is to move away from the camp alone."  He glanced back at the frightened face of Melisendre.  "No one is to leave anyone unaccompanied."
"Yes, sergent."
"We shall have watches at night.  Two at each time.  I shall join Tyjani's team since they have lost Burja.  Corporal Bellamy," Piers straightened to attention, "resume your hunt for food and return well before dusk."
"Yes, sergent."  The four of them turned and ran back into the forest.
"Corporal, privates."  He stretched his arms and turned in a circle, looking at their camp.  "Let us set about reinforcing our defenses."

In the early morning, Josse awakened and lay still in his tent.  He stared at the sleeping face of his wife and felt little else but shame.  When he could bear it no more, he slowly sat up and exited the tent, sliding into his blue uniform jacket.
"Report," he said.  He looked all about the camp and saw dawn mist around the large trunks which severely limited their range of visibility.  He could barely see the barbed rope fencing they had made the day before and wound around the perimeter.  He scanned the trunks nearby and saw the wide bands of rope they had wrapped around the trees some five meters off the ground with sharpened wood points creating barriers of spikes.
Bellamy approached with his rifle.  "Nothing.  Sounds throughout the night," he shook his head, "I couldn't recognize anything, but nothing came near."
Pellette looked up into the trees.  Their green canopy was partially obscured by the morning fog.  "Let us have a two-man watch during the day as well."
"I agree."
"Who's next?"
"Proulx and Simone."
"Wake them."
He turned back toward his lean-to and saw bleary-eyed Meli peeking out.
"Is everything well?"
He knelt by her and put his hand on her face.  "Yes.  It's still very early.  Get some sleep."
She shook her head.  "I'm awake."  She began to emerge from the tent and said, "I wanted to try and make something with those roots."
"You don't have to.  Voland's a good cook."
"I'm sure," she stretched and yawned, "but I've nothing better to do."
He nodded and said, "Very well.  Let me know if there's anything else you need."
"Sergent," Piers said.  "Come quickly."
Bellamy, Simone, and Courbet were standing at the tent of Private Ara Proulx.  The corporal knelt and reached into the tent.  "Private?"  Josse saw Piers pull a pale white foot from the tent and feared that the creature had gotten her as she slept.  Bellamy looked back at the sergent and said, "She's burning alive."
"A fever?"
"Yes."
Pellette touched Ango on the shoulder and said, "Wake Lamar."  As he ran off, Josse knelt beside the corporal looked inside.  He saw the young woman shivering and convulsing.  "Is she conscious?"
"Ara?"  Piers shook her foot, "Proulx!"
Hafsa pushed her way between the two soldiers and into the tent with the medic kit in hand.  "Ara, this is Lamar."  She slapped her face a few times and the private didn't stir.  "She's soaked with sweat."
"Illness?" Piers asked.  He looked inside again and said, "Check her for bites."
Hafsa ran her hands lightly over Proulx's neck and face, then shoulders, then left arm.  "Gods."  She turned the arm over, revealing a large red welt with a single dark puncture mark at the center.  It wept pus and Lamar began wiping her hands on the sheets.
"What can you do?"
The private shook her head.  "I don't know what … thing bit her.  I can give her something for the fever, but that … we have salves.  I can bandage it, but I have no idea what venom could be in her now.  Or if she'll survive the day."
"Do what you can."  The sergent stood and took a few paces away from the lean-to.  Bellamy stepped near him and Josse said, "Ensure that everyone closes their flaps securely at night.  Cover up in blankets as much as possible," Piers sighed and Pellette said, "I know, it's damned hot, but we don't want more of that."
"Yes, sergent."
"And check your tents extensively before you bed down."
"Yes."  The corporal looked back toward Ara and said, "Sergent, if she's to live, I don't think we can help her."
With little energy, he replied, "I know."
"May I suggest … that we scout for a new location?"  Pellette looked down and thought.  Piers added, "There may be another suitable place where those creatures aren't around.  And perhaps the insects or other animals aren't as dangerous."
"Thank you, corporal.  I will consider it."
"Josse," Melisendre called out.  "The food's gone."
"What?"  He walked across the camp with Bellamy beside him.  They came to the stack of cases and supplies near the center and found the canvas sack chewed open at one corner.  All the fruit and most of the roots and other things collected therein were gone.
"Probably those small mouse creatures," Piers said.
"Our rations?" Pellette said as he pushed boxes and sacks aside.  "Still here.  They are more tightly wrapped, I suppose, and don't have the scent of food."  He sighed and tossed the useless sack to the ground.  "All collected food must go into a crate from now on."
"Yes, sergent."
"Unfortunately, we will need another gathering party.  Lamar will stay with Proulx and I will remain on watch.  Everyone else should go and stay as near together as possible."
"Yes, sergent."
The sleeping soldiers were awakened and told of the bitten private.  They were given their new instructions and suited up.  Within twenty minutes, they ventured away from the camp and walked into the northwest.
Privates Voland and Simone were together and gathering small green fruits off a bush.  They each grabbed a few and tossed them into their bags.  Bako looked around and spotted Corporal Tyjani some ten meters away, so he said, "Do you think we've done the right thing?"
"What?" Hubert asked.  "Leaving Sagittarius?"
"Yes," Voland said.  He walked around the bush to Simone's side and continued, "The sergent was right to do what he did, but … leaving."
Hubert shrugged.  "What else could we do?  If we stayed on Sagittarius, they would have found us eventually."
"Maybe."
Now Simone lowered his voice, "And are you sure that the sergent was right to kill Lieutenant Blanchette?"
"You know how the Leos treat us.  He was going to kill hundreds because …"
"I know, but that's the problem.  Blanchette was born on Sagittarius."  Voland seemed confused.  "His parents were born here, I mean there.  Doesn't that mean he's just as 'native' as us?"
Hubert continued to pick fruit and Bako stood, quietly thinking.  Finally, he said, "He might be as native as us, but he still acted like he wasn't.  He was still treated like a Leo by the people in command."
"Well, that's a different problem …"  A single leaf drifted into view and floated down between them.  They immediately dropped their sacks, raised their rifles, and looked into the trees.  They saw another small stick with leaves attached fall into the bush.  They stared at the green ceiling above them with wide eyes and heaving chests.  After a long silence, Simone asked, "Do you see anything?"  Voland only shook his head.  They listened carefully and heard no rustling leaves or breaking wood.  Then they noticed that the near sounds of birds and insects had stopped.  Dread welled within them and they slowly turned.
With a wide sweep of its arm, the shape knocked Hubert off his feet and ten meters through the air, where his head crashed against a tree trunk.  Bako took a step back and saw the creature right itself after the swing and turn toward him.  
It stood four meters tall and appeared hairless.  Its hulking chest and limbs were ringed with folds of gray flesh and there were six claws on the end of each hand.  Retractable for better climbing in the trees, they were currently extended to their full length of nearly twenty centimeters.  Pointed ears on either side of its bald crown were swept back.  Its eyes were yellow and set within black sockets on either side of its snout.  Whiskers fanned out around its black nose and two long fangs jutted up from its closed lower jaw.  Two other sharp incisors were concealed beneath its lips, as were the rows of flatter teeth it used for eating plants.  
It lumbered forward and its mass shook the ground beneath Voland's feet.  The private screamed and swept the rifle toward the thing.  He pulled the trigger as he stumbled back over a root and the bullet missed.  The creature was startled by the sound and it jerked its head back and widened its eyes.  Instead of being frightened, however, it took the noise as a kind of intimidation display and leaned forward with a forceful roar.  Bako's face was sprayed with saliva and he saw the full complement of teeth in its wide, long maw.  The noise was deep with a high-pitched crackle and ended with a kind of inhaling shriek.  It was the most alien thing he had ever heard.
Without looking away from the beast, Voland manipulated the bolt on his rifle and tried to aim again, but the animal knocked it from his hands and into a tree.  Then, it reached toward the private's open, panting mouth and separated it from the rest of his body.
The remaining three members of the squad ran toward the area and arrived in time to see the creature digging the claws of its feet into a trunk so it could ascend.  The bleeding body of Voland was draped over its shoulder.
"My gods," Courbet said.
The corporals both said nothing and quickly raised their rifles.  Seeing this, Courbet followed suit, but Tyjani and Bellamy fired first.  The beast was already ten meters off the ground when they fired and both shots hit its back.  It grunted and threw the private's body aside as other bullets struck it.  It screamed in pain and leapt off the trunk, twisting in midair to land facing the soldiers.  They quickly worked the bolts of their rifles as it dug into the soil and pushed toward its attackers.  It leapt to the side of Corporal Tyjani, who ducked and fired right into its chest.  Enraged, the creature grabbed her head and shook her vigorously before more gunfire caused it to drop her.  It leapt then toward Ango, but the private dived away and the animal landed on his ankle.  He yelped in pain as Piers aimed his rifle squarely at the side of its head and pulled the trigger.  It staggered away and collapsed.
"Frak," Courbet said as he, too, fell back to the ground.
Bellamy checked Elodie's pulse, but the blood that poured from her mouth, nose, and ears told him it was too late.  He then went to the bodies of both Simone and Voland and found them dead.  "Get up, private."
"Did you see how big it was?" he said.  "How much it must weigh?  My ankle is dust."
Piers wrapped the strap of his rifle around his arm and stared into the forest.  "I can walk you to camp, but I need you to get up first."
Courbet struggled to his feet and then kept the injured one hovering above the ground.  He leaned on the corporal's shoulder for stability and looked into the trees.  He whispered, "Do you see something?"
"No.  But that thing's scream traveled for kilometers.  As did our shots.  There's more than the one, I'm certain."

Pellette paced along the barbed rope fence with his rifle across his chest.  He looked into the northwest, praying for a sign of his squad, but he saw none.
"Josse," his wife said, "come back."
"I have to help them."
She touched his arm and he nearly leapt.  "You have to help us.  Stand guard over Private Proulx.  And me."
He looked down at her, kissed her forehead, and whispered, "I never should have brought you here."
She bit her tongue and said nothing.  "Should we leave?"
He nodded and looked again into the forest.  "We will."  At the sound of rustling leaves, he looked and saw two people hobbling toward them quickly.  "Thank the gods."
The sergent ducked under the sharp wooden spikes in the rope fence and reached out for Courbet's arm.  As he did, he looked behind Bellamy and asked, "The others?"
Piers shook his head.  Pellette closed his eyes tightly and again damned himself for his actions.  He stared into the forest and thought about reclaiming the bodies.  "The creature?"
"We killed it," Ango said.
"What was it?" Melisendre asked from the other side of the fence.
"Some kind of … bear, perhaps.  Very large."  Bellamy guided Courbet beneath the barbed rope and looked at the sergent.  "Regarding my earlier suggestion, …"
"We are leaving."
"Thank you, sergent."
The group walked to the center of the camp and found Private Lamar setting up the heavy chain rifle on its stand.  She clicked the belt of ammunition into place and pulled back the bolt.  "Ready."
"Good."  Josse looked into the tent at the prone, shaking body of Proulx.  "Corporal."  Piers stepped closer and he said, "Take my wife and Private Proulx to the transport at once."
"Why me?" Meli asked as Piers lifted the woman off a mat.  Courbet sat by the large weapon and readied his rifle.
"He'll need your help carrying her and then you can mind her as he comes back."  Bellamy held Ara up and Pellette faced Melisendre again.  He forced himself to smile and then he leaned toward her, kissing her cheek.  His hand brushed over her abdomen and he whispered, "The sins of a few should not be borne by the whole."  She jerked her head away to which he said, "I love you both.  Go."  In a daze, she turned and started to walk.  He went to Bellamy's side and said, "Once you're there, come back for Courbet and Lamar."  He slipped a rifle over the corporal's head.  "If you hear gunfire, leave.  Immediately."
He shook his head, "I'll not leave you, sergent."
"Take my wife and child home."  Bellamy looked at the receding form of Meli, walking backward, staring at her husband.  "Then, get Proulx medical aid and tell them that I abducted you all.  Or threatened you.  Anything.  It doesn't matter.  This entire folly is on my head."
"Sergent, …"
"Go.  Please."
He staggered away with Proulx and soon caught up with Melisendre, who finally stopped walking.  The unconscious woman bumped into her and she was shaken from her daze.  She took up Ara's other arm and the trio continued their walk away from the camp.
"Sergent."
He faced Hafsa at the heavy chain rifle as she stared into the canopy above.  In the distance, they saw leaves rustling.  "Take aim."  
She raised the barrel of the gun as high as it would go.  "I don't believe it will reach."  She stood and swung her own rifle to her front.
Josse looked toward his wife, Bellamy, and Proulx.  They disappeared behind a tree just twenty meters away.  The transport was another forty beyond that.  "Rifles at the ready."  All three trained their sights on the distant movement.  Branches and leaves swayed under a weight.  
"When do we fire, sergent?" Courbet asked.
He looked toward the transport and took a deep breath.  "Now."  
All three shot at the movement, which immediately ceased.  As they loaded another cartridge, the beast roared.  They fired again and then the movement leapt toward a tree trunk.  A gray shape descended.  It fell to the ground, using its claws on its hands and feet to slow and control his drop.  Still, it fell the seventy meters quickly and landed with a great thud.  It dug its claws into the ground and began to gallop toward the group.
Lamar dropped her rifle and picked up the handle of the heavy chain rifle.  She depressed the trigger, turned the crank, and swung it toward the beast as it came, spraying several bullets into its chest.  It stumbled and listed to one side, braying in pain, but then steadied itself and reared back.  It roared in defiance and she fired again, pouring more bullets into its torso.  It reached toward the nearest tree futilely and cried out before it fell back onto the ground.
In the silence afterward, the three of them stared at the animal's corpse.  They began to breathe again and Hafsa looked up, directly above her.  At that moment, another of the creatures landed squarely on top of her, shattering her spine and limbs.  Courbet rolled away from the thing and it roared at him.  Pellette dropped to one knee and fired shot after shot at it, which now stalked after Ango.  Courbet raised his rifle and fired, and the bullet passed through the creature's shoulder.  It cried in pain and bellowed deeply, reaching toward the private with its long claws, shredding the man's abdomen and legs.  Josse hurriedly fed a new magazine into his rifle and manipulated the bolt.  He fired at the animal three times before Ango's screams stopped when the beast fell on top of him.
Behind him, the sergent heard another bark of pain.  He turned and saw another creature gripping onto a great tree with its foot hanging near the bands of defensive spikes.  It didn't try to get around it; it simply pushed off and landed on the ground ten meters away.  The beast was now between him and his wife.  He felt a surge of energy and raised the rifle, shooting the remaining five bullets.  A few struck the animal and it roared angrily, but still, it walked toward him on all fours.  Its eyes were fixed on him and its great, long teeth were bared.  
Instead of reloading his rifle, he dropped it and ran to the heavy chain rifle.  He picked it off the ground and stepped over the bloody mess that had been Private Lamar.  He turned it around, squeezed the trigger, and began turning the crank.  The first bullets hit its shoulder, but it stood quickly and leapt toward him.  A few more struck its chest, but the beast slashed at the heavy rifle, sending it and Pellette back several meters.
He lay on the ground, dazed, and reached out for the large weapon.  As he did, he heard the distant engines of the transport.  He tried to sit up and he saw the animal looking toward the sound, too, confused.  As the noise raised in altitude and began to fade, the creature faced him again and snarled.  
Josse began to crawl toward a rifle he saw a few meters away.  He felt the rumble of large footsteps behind him and then he felt the massive foot on his back.  He heard bones breaking and the air left his lungs.  He coughed and gasped, but he couldn't inhale.  Then, he felt the claws on the beast's foot extending into his flesh.  Pellette raised his head up from the ground and felt hot breath against the back of his neck.  Meli, he thought, I am sorry.  I am punished now for my crimes.  May the gods forgive me.
II
LAVAL
1,781 Years After Colonization

The young woman sat outside the leader's office, staring at the intricately carved white columns around her.  The red walls behind them put everything in sharp relief and seemed to highlight the gold detail of the carving and the hanging chandeliers.
"She will see you now," the aide behind the simple desk said.
Roksanna went toward the large double doors.  They opened and she saw a woman at the far end, writing.  She walked through the long office and glanced at the paintings and other art that hung on the walls.  Finally, she reached her and she scanned the large, dark wooden desk.  Despite its size, it was rather plain.
"I'm Sonya Wagner," she said as she stood.  She offered her hand with no hint of a smile.
Typical Rhodian, she thought.  She shook the offered hand and said, "I'm Roksanna Laval."
"Please, sit."  They did.  "President Borde speaks highly of you."
"I am glad to hear it.  I served in the State Ministry for three years and as an aide to the president for the last two."
"I know how heavily involved you've been in the talks between Rhodia and Dordogne.  I can't thank you enough for your help in that matter."
"It has been my pleasure.  Seeing yourself and the president working to put aside years of distrust for a better future has been inspiring."
Wagner nodded, keeping her mouth a straight line.  "There is still a great deal of work to be done, but I am hopeful."  She leaned back in her chair and held its arms.  "You've been briefed on what's happening?"
"I have."
"Good.  You will be joined by a team of four and you will depart for Capricoria as soon as you are able.  The conference begins in two weeks."
"President Borde told me this was about establishing trade relations with the other worlds."
"In large part, yes," Sonya said.  "I also want you and your people to listen.  Most of the other colonies are like us in that they are only now coming out from under the thumbs of the Empires.  If there are ideas we might be able to use, we want to know."
"Of course.  And if there are agreements to be made and signed?"
"You will have the authority of negotiation.  I've left the economics of Caprica's trade up to President Borde and he gave you those figures …"
"He did."
"Good.  As for anything else," she shrugged, "they would have to pass both Rhodia and Dordogne's legislative bodies to be approved."
"I understand."
Wagner stood and again offered her hand.  "Represent Caprica well, Ambassador Laval."
Roksanna shook it again.  "I will, Madam Leader."

The old Rhodian government building was bustling with activity, a far different sight than when she was last here for several summits between the two nations.  Land nearby had been bought and construction was underway on new government buildings.  If things continued to go well, the leaders had decided Capricoria would be the center of their planetary government, and the mayor and business leaders of the once-small town were eager to help.
The largest room of the building was set aside as the conference chamber.  The walls were a pale yellow and the windows along the eastern side were tall but very plain with simple white curtains.  Flags representing each of the colonies hung from the walls behind each delegates' tables.  A pair of plain chandeliers were pulled close to the ceiling for greater visibility.  Tables were arranged in a long horseshoe shape with seats pushed nearly to the wall to accommodate all the representatives and their aides.  At the opening of the horseshoe a lectern was placed, which is where Laval stood to begin the conference.
"Greetings, to everyone," she smiled, "and welcome to Caprica for this first Conference of the Colonies."  She stepped back and began to clap.  Her aides did, too, and slowly, the rest of the delegates politely applauded.  "I would first like to welcome each of the ambassadors today.  I am Roksanna Laval, representing Caprica.  Also from Alpha, Priestess Aleska Cuda, Gemenon."  The older woman nodded.  "From Tauron, Augustus Calla.  Picon, Jerome Fan.  From Beta, Sir Sigmund Fennimore, Virgon."  Someone hissed and heads whipped around the room, seeking the offending aide.  All the faces scowled and she thought, I should move past it quickly.  "From Leonis, Gisele Palomer."  Everyone's faces were still scowling and she continued, "From Gamma, we have Kito Webster, Sagittaron, and Marie An Leroy, Scorpia.  From Delta, Isila Torun, Canceron, and Charles MacGregor, Aerilon."
She stepped back and clapped again.  The room was quicker to echo the applause this time.
"Before we begin officially," Roksanna said, "I would like to welcome Priest Julian Howard of the Capricorian Temple to pray to the gods on our behalf."
As the smiling old man moved out of the doorway toward the lectern, the Virgan representative stood and slapped the table.  "I object!"
Stunned, Laval looked from the surprised priest toward the delegate.  "Ambassador, whatever for?"
"He represents the Caprican Reformed Temple, does he not?"
Howard looked from Roksanna to the ambassador and said, weakly, "Yes?"
Fennimore nodded and raised his chin.  "The Caprican Reformation was a political movement against Virgon!  A finger in the eye to the orthodox faith established on Virgon many centuries ago!"
Gemenon's representative nodded.  "I fear I must agree."
Julian moved nearer the lectern and pleaded, "We only seek to return our worship of the gods to the time of Kobol.  To the Olympians, and to use their old names."  The more he spoke, the louder the objections came.
Priestess Cuda began to stand, "I would be happy to lead us in prayer."
Fennimore sat and crossed his arms over his chest.  "I know of your sect, priestess, and your firm worship of Lord Jupiter.  I do not object."
None of the other representatives said anything, so Laval turned to the old man and quietly said, "I think it would be best if you left."
He nodded and answered, "I understand.  I am sorry."
Once he was gone, the Gemenese woman raised her arms and began to pray.  In rote adherence, Roksanna lowered her head and thought, This has not started well.
III
FENNIMORE
1,781 Years After Colonization

He looked toward the table and picked at an exposed piece of wood grain with his fingernail.  He sighed and said, "It was my understanding that this conference was to be about trade?!"
The other representatives quietened.  Finally, the Pican said, "It is, Sir Sigmund, but you will forgive us if we're not ready to engage in robust trade with either you or Leonis if you're still in open war."
The Sagittaran quickly interjected, "And especially after your history of involving us in your war."
"We are not in open war," the Virgan grumbled.
Jerome Fan leaned forward, "Last year, two hundred-forty ships gathered above my world and fought.  A third of them were lost.  Nearly thirty thousand were killed.  And that's to say nothing of the warfare waged on the surface."  He reclined again and said, "Have your worlds signed any agreement?  A cease fire?"
Fennimore glanced toward the Leonan delegate who was staring at him.  "No."
"Well."  Fan looked at the other delegates and said, "If there is no official cessation of hostilities between your worlds, then I don't believe any of us will wish to establish agreements with you."
"A real treaty would have to come from our Parliament and their Assembly.  We are societies of laws, …
"We know," Fan said.  "But, if you two were to present even a draft of such an agreement, we would consider it a good faith effort and proceed with the rest of the agenda."
The Virgan looked at the others' faces and saw nods of approval.  He sighed and looked at Gisele.  "Ambassador Palomer, would you care to meet with me after this session to discuss such an agreement?"
She nodded.  "I would."
"Fantastic news," Laval said as she stood from her seat and went to the lectern.  "It has been a long day already, so I move that we adjourn until tomorrow."
"Seconded," the Aerilan said.
"I will see you all in the morning."  Roksanna and her team gathered their things and left the chamber.  The other representatives did, too.  The aides for both Fennimore and Palomer looked at each other, waiting.
Sir Sigmund spoke over his shoulder without facing them, "Go."  The Virgans departed.
Gisele said, "Laisse nous."  A few moments later, the conference room was empty except for the two of them.
Fennimore reached into his jacket and removed a copper-colored case.  "I hope you don't mind.  Many find these rather odorous, so I wait," he glanced at her and saw that she was holding a cigarette toward him.  "Mine are cigars, though."
"An exchange."
The Virgan smiled and said, "Merci."  He took the thin cigarette and opened his case, presenting the fatter cigars toward her.  She chose one, bit the end off, spat it to the floor, and held the cigar in her mouth as she produced a lighter from her case.  Slender, silver, engraved with curved and sweeping lines.  With a single flick, it was ignited and the flame lit his cigarette.  He drew a breath and immediately felt the stinging warmth through his throat and a tickle at the deepest recesses of his nostrils.  There was a sweet spiciness to it, unlike any cigarette he had tried before.  He took it from his mouth and looked at it closer before he faced her.  "This is damned good."
"Merci.  They are my family's.  We've grown fumarella for generations."
"On Leonis?"
"Oui.  On Sagittaron, too, but," she shrugged and lit the cigar.  After a few puffs she nodded and said, "This is good.  Yours?"
He chuckled.  "My brand, perhaps, but no.  I own no stake in it.  My family came up in manufacturing."  He glanced at her so he could gauge her reaction.  "Battleships, warships, and the like."
"Ah."  She puffed again.  "So you have done well over the last thousand years."
"Perhaps not the entire thousand years, but for a time.  Yes."  They sat in silence for the next minute, enjoying their smoke.
"It has been difficult," she said, "to sit and listen to them complain about us for the last two days, eh?"
Pleased to hear her say it, he leaned onto the table.  "It has, hasn't it?  I understand their distaste of war, but they act as though neither Virgon nor Leonis have done a thing for the colonies."
"Oui."
"We've read history.  We know they were all backwards heathens for hundreds of years.  Virgon," he caught himself and shrugged toward her, "and Leonis, brought the gods back to them.  We gave them technology.  We've dragged them kicking and screaming into the future and now, now that we are all here together, they hate us for it."
"They do."  She extended her arm and ashed on the floor.  "Gratitude.  They lack gratitude."
"Yes.  Yes," he puffed on the cigarette again.  "They think you and I can come together, write a treaty and have it be law."  He shook his head, "There are two things that I hold as inviolable.  The gods and the law."
"Mm.  They say they will accept a draft, so I am happy to write a draft."
Fennimore looked at her again and she blew smoke through her nose.  A middle-aged woman who seemed nonplussed and almost uninterested in everything around her.  He smiled and said, "Would your Assembly accept such a thing?"
She tilted her head.  "I believe so, oui.  They have no taste for war after Picon."
"Queen Margaret and the Parliament feel the same."
"So."  She placed the cigar on the edge of the table.  "We get paper and write, 'Virgon and Leonis hereby announce the end of hostilities between our worlds and governments … and any affiliated groups on other worlds.'"
Sir Sigmund looked at her, waiting for more.  "Is that all?"
She laughed and said, "What more should it say?  Is that not enough?"
"It is, it is."  He reached into his case and withdrew a sheet of paper and a pen.  "If politicians require more, then they may write it."
"There is a greater worry."
"What is that?"
"These people, this conference," Palomer said.  "We are outnumbered.  We agree to this and they will talk trade, but who is to say what they will ask next or do next, no?"
He nodded.  "You are correct."
"Let us have a, eh, verbal agreement."  She offered her hand, "We work together for our worlds' own best interests, but if we must stand against them, we stand together."
Fennimore smiled and shook her hand.  "Agreed."
IV
CALLA
1,781 Years After Colonization

He fell into the red soil and closed his eyes.  The concussions continued around him and he felt their shockwaves like buffeting winds striking his body.  Dirt and debris showered him from above and he heard another aircraft zoom overhead.
Augustus looked up in the relative quiet and saw hundreds of his fellow Taurans continuing their dash toward Zama's city walls.  Mortars fell among them and many were blown aside.  A Militia airship moved from the east toward the city and launched rockets at the gun emplacements.  When they exploded, Calla stood and ran again.
Artillery had blown a hole in the concrete barrier and the Mars Militia filed through it, shooting as they did.  He paid little mind to the action one hundred meters ahead.  Instead, he ran to the nearest fallen soldier and turned him onto his back.  When he saw a smoldering cavity in his chest, he stood again and ran to the next.  He knelt by a young woman who was shaking and going pale.  He checked her limbs and found her left leg nearly severed at the ankle with blood pouring into the soil.
"I've got to use a tourniquet," Augustus said.  "Stay awake!"
"I'll … try."
He pulled a band of rubber from his pack and wound it around her shin.  He tied it as tightly as he could and then lifted her leg away from the puddle.  Seeing that the bones had been broken and that only flesh kept the foot attached, he removed his knife and finished the job.  He studied the remaining stump and the trickle of blood that fell from the arteries and veins.  "Good.  Stay awake!"  He slapped the side of her face and she threw her eyes open, staring into the sky.  He pulled a pouch from his waist and uncorked a bottle.  "This will hurt."  He poured the liquid on the wound and she grunted and thrashed.
A bullet struck the side of his head and the force caused him to jerk away from the injured soldier.  He sat up and saw the helmet sitting on the ground with a significant dent on the right side.  It was painted white, unlike any other helmet in the Militia.  "Are they targeting medics now?"
A series of explosions rippled along the city walls and thick smoke poured over the attackers.  The soldiers ran out from the wall and scattered across the field, but many could barely make ten meters before they collapsed to the ground.
Calla's eyes widened and he said, "MPFs!"  He looked around himself for something, anything, to shield himself and the wounded soldier but there was nothing.  The thick, gray cloud hung low to the ground and moved among all of the Militiamen in sight, then, the wind shifted and the cloud began to move toward him.
He opened his eyes and found himself staring at the ceiling of his hotel room.
The Tauran delegate sat up slowly and put his feet on the floor.  After just a single deep breath, he was wheezing already.  Must be the climate.
He dressed himself and sat at the small table by the window.  After he filled a bowl with hot water, he set two vials in front of himself.  He poured a few drops of each into the water and stirred it with his finger.  Through habit over the years, he stirred it with his middle finger, which was tattooed with a stylized snake, symbolizing his training as a healer.  When he saw the first tendrils of vapor rise from the surface, he pulled a towel over his head and leaned over the bowl, inhaling as much as he could.
"Sir," an aide said from the door a few minutes later.  Augustus grunted.  "Roksanna Laval."
"Send her in," he said softly.  He heard footsteps on the floor and, finally, he sat upright.  As he waited for the dizziness he felt to fade, he used the towel to wipe the condensation off his face.
"Ambassador Calla," she said.
His voice creaked and his volume never raised above a loud whisper.  "I'm no ambassador, Miss Laval."
She seemed almost confused.  "I am sorry.  I understood that you were here on behalf of Tauron."
"I am, to a point."  He coughed and brushed his silver hair back with his hand.  "I represent the free cities of Tauron.  I, myself, am from Marathon and was chosen by that city's mayor."  Roksanna still seemed confused.  "We have no planetary government as the Empires still have us in thrall."
She began to nod.  "They still control the largest cities."
"They do, but the greater portion of our populace are free.  Thus, I am here."
"I am concerned, then, that whatever agreements we reach, you will lack the authority to approve."
He grinned and said, "Among the free cities, I have been given that authority."  As she began to speak again, he raised his hand and continued, "It is for that reason that I've asked you to join me this morning.  I wished to discuss with you the aims of our conference."
"I see."
"And add to them."
"'Add' …"
"If you will allow me first, ambassador, I shall speak while I have the breath."  
She didn't really understand but she nodded toward him.  "Of course."
"I feel emboldened by what your Leader Wagner and President Borde are doing on Caprica.  Overcoming many years of warfare to unite for a stronger world."  He nodded.  "This is what I want for our conference."
"You want Tauron to unite?"
"I do, yet I desire for all the colonies to unite."  Her eyebrows raised and he continued, "I have seen the horror of war, ambassador, and it has scarred me in many ways.  I do not wish for another to be so scarred ever again.  I have seen the damage done by bullets, bombs, and gas, and I would have all the colonies and all the nations upon them to swear that they would never inflict such harm again."
As he wheezed and took long, deep breaths, Laval said, "Mr. Calla, it is a wonderful sentiment, but I would be skeptical that such a thing might pass.  Not only our group, but the legislatures of all the other worlds, too."
"Hm," he almost chuckled, "I believe you will find that many colonies feel as Tauron does.  We have been the Empires' battlefields for a millennium.  Who among their subjects would wish to see more?  I daresay, if pressed, that perhaps even Virgon and Leonis would agree."
She nodded slowly and her eyes lost focus as she thought.  Her mind drifted and she looked away.
"You think of home?"
"I do."
"Rhodia?"
"No, Dordogne."
"Ah.  Then you saw the worst of it, I believe."
Roksanna nodded.  "We did."
"So," he coughed, "what say you?"
She faced him again and said, "I agree."
"Good.  Our conference is but a week old.  Do you believe such a subject would derail what progress has been made?"
"There has been little progress, save for Virgon and Leonis' simple ceasefire."
"Many of the worlds have been discussing trade numbers.  That is a beginning."
"It is.  It was supposed to be the only real reason for the conference."
Augustus leaned toward the bowl again and took a deep breath.  "Perhaps we should meet with the other worlds outside of the conference chamber.  Gauge their interest."  He coughed again.
"I agree.  And we should start with one of the worlds least impacted by the Empires."

Isila Torun poured hot tea into a cup and slid it across the table to Calla.  He smiled and leaned over the steaming beverage, smiling as the scent wafted into his nose.
The ambassador asked, "You like it?"
"I do.  I shall have to find some.  I find so few teas on Tauron that soothe my breathing."
Roksanna didn't touch her tea.  She sat with her legs crossed and her arms folded across herself, closed off to the intimidating woman across the table.  "The history of Canceron is very intriguing."
"Hm."  Isila sipped the tea.
"The Empires only seemed to have a foothold there for a few decades."
"Yes.  They abandoned us when they were running low on funds and the distance helped keep us isolated for quite a while longer, which only let us grow into our own world."
"So your people have no real memory of war?"
Torun laughed.  "Oh, we do.  Perhaps not under the flags of Virgon or Leonis, but we do.  Under bloat and corruption, the federal government collapsed over a century ago and there was a dark decade of fighting.  Our democracy survived, barely, and from the ashes, there came the eighty-eight nation-states.  Regional governments that answer to the more streamlined global government.  Still, disagreements are plenty.  Sometimes there is fighting."
Augustus sat up from the tea and asked, "Which nation do you call home, ambassador?"
"Grus.  I live in Alnair, its capital near the sea.  It's nice."
"I am certain, Madam Turon," Calla said, "that Canceron's interest here is fairly limited to the possibilities of trade."
She held the cup from her mouth and narrowed her eyes.  "That is why we were invited here."
Roksanna nodded.  "It is."
"It is," Augustus followed, "but there is a possibility for more."  He wheezed and pulled the teacup to his nose.  
"'More?'"
"The colonies have been ravaged by war for much of their histories.  I believe we have a chance here to," he coughed, "prevent future conflict."
"How so?"
"By uniting."
Isila's eyebrows shot up and she looked toward Laval.  "I … "  She looked back at the Tauran who finally sipped some of the tea.  "While I am not opposed to any measure regarding the prevention of war, my government's aims here are solely limited to trade."
Roksanna spoke for Calla who was again sniffing the tea.  "Will your Acropolis vote on whatever agreements you bring back?  Trade or otherwise?"
"If I present them, yes."  She understood the question and shook her head, "It is not in our nature to involve ourselves in the other colonies, beyond what we sell them or buy from them."
"I understand, ambassador."  Augustus sipped.  "However, has Canceron seen a decline in trade during periods of open warfare?  Perhaps with Picon over the last few years?"
"Or Caprica, off and on for the last few decades?" Laval offered.
Torun smiled.  "Very good.  You are correct.  Business is better for us in peacetime."
Roksanna smiled and said, "Then you would not object if we attempted some kind of union among the worlds?"
"Depending on the details of such a union," she said firmly, "no.  I would not object to the effort."
Calla bowed his head toward her.  "Thank you, ambassador."
They drank and her eyes drifted as she thought.  After a long, quiet moment, she said, "I would have a stipulation, though."  The others looked at her, expectantly, while she sipped her tea.  "Once I've said it, I'm sure you would be likely to agree.  And I'm certain the other delegates would, as well."
"What is your stipulation, ambassador?" Laval asked.
"Canceron may not have been ruled by the Empires for centuries, but we are wary of them.  We are wary of their influences.  Their tactics.  Their intimidation.  I believe it would be imperative for the center of any such unified government to be located on a neutral world."
Augustus smirked.  "Like Canceron."
"No.  You misunderstand.  I don't believe the capital should be on any of the colonies.  Empire or not, there might still be undue influence.  It would be best for us all to minimize that as much as possible."
"Truly neutral," Roksanna said.   "Like a barren planet or moon?"
"Eh," Isila thought and glanced away.  "Perhaps a dome could be constructed on some interstellar body.  Or on Ragnar's moon, Sigurd.  No, no.  That's too far."  She looked at the Tauran again and watched his labored breaths.  "There are habitable planets, still."  She went quiet.  "Libran." 
"Libran," Calla echoed into the teacup.  "It was claimed by the Leo."
"'Claimed,' but not settled."
The Caprican said, "I've always heard it impractical for settlement."
"It is a wild world, that's for certain.  But I have connections in various industries, as I'm sure you do.  A location can be found.  A capital city for our colonies could be built."
Laval nodded.  "I will give it thought.  Thank you."
"Thank you."  She began to stand and Torun reached toward the cabinet.
"Here," she said as she withdrew a small tin.  "More of that tea.  It's from Pavo, one of our biggest agricultural nations."
Augustus beamed and took the tin with a bow.  "Thank you, ambassador.  I am honored."
"If I may," Isila began, "what is your condition?"
His smile faded and he said, "What little lung tissue remains is damaged, I am afraid.  If I have another serious infection, I may not survive."
The women both appeared concerned and Torun said, "War?"  He nodded.
Laval asked in a hushed voice, "Virgan Blue?"
"If only.  The Virgans, in their pomposity, colored their foul gas so their victims could see its approach."  He shook his head.  "The Leonans were not so generous, yet their weapons were just as cruel."
Isila stood and shook his hand.  "If I may help, Mr. Calla, I will."
"Thank you."  The old man turned and slowly walked out of the room.
V
PALOMER
1,781 Years After Colonization

"I must admit," Laval said, "I was surprised when I was told I would be meeting with you both."
Gisele looked toward Sir Sigmund who answered, "Given the tenor of some of our earlier sessions, we decided it may be best to align ourselves, so to speak."
Roksanna smiled.  "I am pleased to hear you say that."
Palomer looked up from her cigarette case.  "Because you believe we will be more likely to discuss a union of the colonies?"
The younger woman's eyes widened.  "I was not aware that you were aware."
"It's a small conference," Fennimore said.  "Word has gotten 'round."
"Fret not, ambassador," Gisele removed a cigarette and lit it.  "We have discussed this with each other before you came.  We are not opposed to such discussions."
"In fact," Sir Sigmund continued, "we are happy to participate."
"After all," she blew smoke into the air above their heads, "for a time, we were certain the others were eager to cut us out from future discussions."
Laval shook her head, "Let me assure you both, that has never been considered."
"Mm."  Palomer looked at the Virgan who smiled at the Caprican.
"That is good to hear.  We will, of course, be prepared to enter such discussions, with the understanding that any such agreement or treaty or what have you would have to pass through our respective parliaments."
"Naturally."
"To adhere to the law, you see."  He smiled and she returned it.  "So," he stood and walked toward the door, "we will look forward to the next session."
Roksanna suddenly seemed uncomfortable.  She stood, gave a quick nod toward the Leonan and shook Fennimore's hand as she exited.  "Thank you, both."
Once the door closed, Sir Sigmund paced about.  "A union."
"Against us."  She whistled slightly as she blew smoke again.  "Even if they say 'no,' it is."
He walked to the window and looked out into Capricoria below.  "Whatever these people craft, we must judge for our own and shape it to our will."
"So you mean to sign on?"
"If to not do so means Virgon loses all trade with the other worlds?  What choice would we have?"
"Oui."  She doused the cigarette in a glass bowl and stood.  "'Shape it to our will.'"
"Yes.  Whatever the aims of their union, we must ensure that its teeth do not bite us."
"Your teeth, however," she said as she unbuttoned her shirt.  Fennimore looked away from the window and grinned.
VI
LAVAL
1,781 Years After Colonization

"I have the next motion, and it is one that many of us have discussed privately."  Roksanna smiled and scanned the room as she said, "I move that we begin discussions on creating a unified government of the colonies."
"Seconded," Fennimore said.
"All in favor," most raised their hands.  Laval looked toward Kito Webster.  "The motion carries.  Sagittaron, may I ask why you did not vote in favor?"
The old woman looked around the room and then stood.  "Sagittaron is wary of joining any alliance with Virgon or Leonis."
"As is Picon," Jerome Fan said, "though we voted in favor."
Roksanna tensed.  "With all due respect to Virgon and Leonis, I believe the same might be said of many colonies.  Still, they are colonies of Kobol, just like the rest of us."
Webster frowned, "That may be, but Virgon was not ruled by two other worlds for nearly a thousand years."
Sir Sigmund shook his head and held it low.  Palomer leaned toward him and whispered.  He nodded, but neither said anything aloud.
"The motion has passed," Laval said, "so we will now discuss the nature of such a union."
"Mm."  Aerilon's Charles MacGregor raised his hand.  "I would be opposed to calling any such thing a 'union.'  My people enjoy their freedom and their privacy.  'Union' calls to mind the prospect of another government overseeing them."
"I agree," Scorpia's Marie An Leroy said.  "Most of us have been ruled by one empire or another for centuries."  She glared at Leonis' representative as she spoke.  "Why would we wish to join another when we've only just emerged from under their thumbs?  Or remain firmly under it?"  Gisele only smiled at the ambassador.
A few of the delegates began bickering and Laval locked eyes with Calla.  The old man seemed tired, as ever, but there was a sense of defeat in his eyes.  "Please, everyone."  She rapped her knuckles on the wood of the lectern.  "I fear that some of our imaginations have gotten away from us.  We are not speaking of an all-encompassing federal government.  We are speaking of agreements between our separate worlds, recognizing truths and laws regardless of which colony we call home."  The others were still and watched her.  "For so many years, we have endured war, and I am certain that none in this room desire to continue that pattern."  A few faces scanned toward Virgon and Leonis, finding only nodding agreement with Caprica's ambassador.  "Let us … mark it down.  Let us codify it, in law, on our worlds and between them, that we desire no conflict with each other."
Augustus struggled to his feet and once steady, he said, "Seconded."  The other representatives nodded, even those who spoke out earlier.  
Roksanna forced herself to smile.  "Thank you.  Now, we have a great task before us, so …" she returned to her seat, "let's begin."

Laval walked through the large double doors and found Leader Wagner standing by the window.  President Borde was seated in front of her desk.
"Ambassador," Sonya said from the opposite end of the long room while the younger woman strode quickly across it.  "I am sorry to pull you away from your duties, but I believe you can understand why."
Somewhat out of breath, she looked from the leader to the president and said, "I am sorry, but I do not know why."
Vincens shifted in his seat to face her directly.  "You were tasked to lead this conference and secure trade agreements with the other colonies.  Yes?"
"Oui.  Yes.  And those discussions are still taking place."
"This was only supposed to be about trade!"
"But now it is more."  She looked from Borde back to Wagner and said, "The ambassadors from Virgon and Leonis have drafted a ceasefire agreement, ending hostilities between their worlds.  Is that not a significant event?"
Sonya nodded and sat at her desk.  "It is significant."
"Then why should I not press further?"  She sat in a chair next to the president.  "The commonality among all the representatives is a desire to end war.  We all have horrible memories of what has happened to our people and our worlds.  There is a real desire here to end it.  Once and for all."
Vincens shook his head.  "Merde."
Wagner pressed on, "What if Caprica decides, at some point in the future, that it is in our best interests to declare war against another world?  Would your conference prevent that?"
Laval was surprised and said, "Madam Leader, it is our hope, with the laws we agree to, the mandate we lay down, that there would be no reason for another war.  We have discussed this for only two days thus far, but there are talks already of an inter-colonial court system and panels to address disputes."
Borde sighed and glanced at Sonya before he looked at Roksanna.  "Do you really believe that the Council and the Assembly will both pass such a thing?"
"Mr. President, after the last few centuries, do you believe that the people of Dordogne would not support this?"  She looked at Wagner, "Or the people of Rhodia?"  She saw that they were not persuaded.  "Please, both of you, do not allow us to create an engine for peace among our worlds only to have Caprica, its birthplace, not be a part of it."
The leader nodded and quietly said, "As with all things, ambassador, we shall have to see the details of any such agreement."
"Thank you."
"If such a thing happens," Borde said, "at least it is here and we can enjoy the financial benefits."
Laval sighed and looked toward the floor.  "The talk among the delegates is that the government should be located on a neutral world.  Possibly Libran."
Vincens smacked his leg.  "You will get it placed here!"
"I am but one vote, Mr. President, and discussions are still very early, but the majority of the conference insists that the court system, at least, be located there."  He grunted and she looked at Sonya who seemed amused by Borde's reaction.  "Neutrality is important, and if it were anywhere else, there would be biases among the judges, the juries …"  She sighed, "Libran is a jungle world.  It will take some time for it to be cleared sufficiently and a city created."
"In the meantime," Wagner said, "for the sake of the president's health, argue to keep the capital here for now, assuming all the proper agreements are struck."
"Yes, Madam Leader."  She stood and nodded toward Vincens.  "Mr. President."
She walked out of the office as quickly as she could and then stood on the other side of the double doors.  When they closed behind her, she remained and lowered her head.  Her breathing was fast and her heart pounded in her throat.  Are we going too far, too quickly?
VII
WEBSTER
1,781 Years After Colonization

"Thank you for joining me."  The Sagittaran looked at the benches near her in the park and continued, "I believe we all have before us a great opportunity."  Birds whistled in the trees nearby and the Pican delegate stared at the bright red animal.  "I chose you representatives specifically, because I believe you and your governments would understand."  Augustus Calla coughed loudly and Webster said, "I will be brief."
"Should," the Tauran wheezed, "Miss Laval join us?"
"I fear her youth may undermine her decision-making," Kito said.  "We five, and Caprica, represent the bearers of the greatest scars of the Imperial period.  Sagittaron is still considered a dominion of the queen, yet our history is replete with horrors committed by both Empires.  Picon," she looked at Jerome Fan, "despite the battle months ago, is still claimed by Virgon, and fleets from both sides are poised against the other in orbit.  Tauron," she looked at Calla, "like my world, has been a prime battleground for the crowns over the centuries, and both still claim a portion of your lands.  Gemenon," she bowed to the priestess, "had the face of its world changed by the war.  Scorpia, …"
"Scorpia, I fear, is different," firm, slender-faced Marie An Leroy said.  "These other worlds have been somewhat sundered from the crown of Virgon by decree.  My world has no such fortune.  The Leonan Union clings to us still like a frightened cat."
"I am aware.  Perhaps, by aligning with us, you may see a path for Scorpia."
"I hope so."
"Mr. Fan," she said, drawing the Pican's attention away from the wildlife, "like you, I initially objected to our latest discussions."
"'Initially?'"
"Yes.  I have changed my mind, and I believe you will, too."  She reclined on the bench and breathed deeply of the cold winter air.  "I have listened to the Virgan talk about his laws and their importance, and I have seen us debate laws which transcend one world for another.  We are well on the way to having a colonial court.  One to settle disputes between the colonies."  She smirked and stared at Fan, who didn't seem to see where she was going.  "Let them create their legal system and we will all approve of it.  And then, when the agreements are signed, we, the aggrieved colonies, will state our cases against the Empires."
The others looked away and considered it.  The Scorpian was the first to smile.  Jerome began to nod a moment later and said, "We can seek restitution."
"At a minimum.  In your case, and yours," she pointed at Augustus, "you may be able to force them from your world permanently.  Legally."
The others were quiet and continued to think.  Priestess Cuda said, warily, "If we all agree to a charter and to a legal system.  The discussions have been ongoing for two months now, and there has been progress, but …"
Kito nodded and interrupted, "There will be more progress and we five shall do all we can to see that the legal system the imperial worlds want so badly is put in place."
"And what of the others?" Fan asked.
"Caprica stands to benefit.  Aerilon has no love for the Virgans because of their history.  The Cancerans," she shrugged, "I cannot say.  Still, we are the majority."  She looked across all their faces and saw a slow acceptance.  "Are we all agreed?"
The delegates nodded and some answered, "Agreed."
VIII
CALLA
1,782 Years After Colonization

He had only just returned to Capricoria.
The vote across the largest free cities of Tauron took more than three months, and he had to send his aides in his stead to explain the charter they had come up with.  He needed a majority of the planet's population to agree, and this required his appearance before the commissioners of both Marathon and Catulla, who were inclined to vote against it.  He took the mayors in confidence and explained, without detail, the attempt to seek restitution from and the legal removal of the Empires.  With this news, they were swayed.
Winter was ending and with it the ease of his breathing on this world.  Soon, spring would come, and with it the pollen.  Still, there were flowers.  Colors and shapes unlike anything on Tauron, seeing flowers was an endless fascination to him.  He wouldn't dare smell one, though.  Not without a hot vapor bowl at the ready.
He entered the conference chamber, leaning on his cane, and took the seat that had been his for months before.  A few of the delegates applauded his return and some greeted him, but he was too preoccupied with sitting down and not hurting himself.  Once his weight was firmly placed on the chair, he leaned back and exhaustion took him.  His shoulders slumped and he could hear, even through his poor ears, his own wheezing.  More than that, he felt it.  A rattle in his chest and not even a deep breath could make it go away.
"Mr. Calla," Roksanna said as she knelt by him.  "It is good to see you."
He fabricated a smile and looked only generally toward her.  "And you."
"I heard of your recent illness and I have something for you, if you will forgive me being forward."  One of her aides came near with a cylinder and he placed it on the floor by the chair.  "This is an oxygen tank," she held up a black rubber shape, "so you may breathe more easily."
He nodded and she helped him fit the triangular mask over his face.  So many times he tried to get a personal oxygen tank on Tauron and was simply unable to find one, and if he did, it was far too expensive.  She turned a valve and he felt a cool rush of air against his skin and he breathed deeply.  On the first breath, he felt the coolness reach toward the rattle.  On the second, it went past the rattle and he felt as though his lungs were functioning as they should.  His eyes widened and he looked at her.  "I can breathe."
She smiled, "I am glad, Mr. Calla."
She stood to leave, but Augustus grabbed her hand and brought it toward his lips, though they were covered by the mask.  "Thank you."
"You're very welcome.  It only carries a few hours' worth, so please, turn the valve off from time to time."
He looked down at the silver wheel atop the tank and nodded.  "I will."
He breathed deeply over and over again.  In just minutes, his exhaustion was gone and he felt ready to get to work.  He looked around the room and saw Kito Webster of Sagittaron staring at him.  Confounded by medicine, eh?  He had tried the root teas she gave him months ago, but they only made his breathing worse.  Suddenly he remembered that he intended to give money to Isila Torun to get more of that tea from Pavo.  It was tasty and helpful.
"Now that we are all here," Laval said from the lectern, "I would like to welcome you back.  I cannot tell you how happy I am that all our worlds have seen the charter laid before us, the mandate we have placed upon this organization, and have voted to continue this noble effort."  She began to applaud and most of the others did as well.  
Augustus had been devastated when the strong government concept failed to take flight.  He was even wounded when Roksanna told the conference that this was not their aim.  He found hope, however, in the strong language against war.  The ideas everyone had presented to ameliorate any conflict before the situation would become inflamed sufficiently to lead to violence.  There was maturity there.  I only hope all the colonies and their leaders are mature enough to abide by it.
"As we move forward to expand on our charter and establish the laws that govern how we colonies interact, I would like to read what we have accomplished so far, and what gave so many people across our worlds hope."  She lifted a piece of paper and read, "'The colonial parties, in order to promote inter-colonial cooperation and to achieve peace and security, by the acceptance of obligations not to resort to war, by the prescription of open, just, and honorable relations between colonies, by the firm establishment of inter-colonial law as the rule of conduct among governments, and by the maintenance of justice and a respect for treaty obligations in the dealings of organized peoples with one another, agree to this covenant of the Coalition of Colonies.'"
Again, the representatives applauded and Calla slapped the table a few times.  He might not have a strong federal system to show for his efforts, but the legal system which so attracted the "aggrieved colonies" could prove useful.
He reached toward the valve of the oxygen tank and turned it to the right.  With the flow of air stopped, he took the mask from his face and took an unaided breath.  Immediately, his chest ached again.  His breathing rattled.  His eyes watered and drifted around the room, landing on the clock.
I have so little time.
In his mind for decades, he had been formulating an end to war, or at least an end to how it had been waged before.  He turned to an aide behind him and motioned for a pen and paper.  As Laval continued to speak and outline the day's agenda, he began to write.
IX
LIBRAN
1,782 Years After Colonization

Donald Sur looked out of the open hatch and down at the treetops below.
"Godsdamn," he said over the noise of the gyrocraft's blades.  "The cover's thick!"
"Very!" Lark Davis answered.  "It's like this all over!  Except along the coasts, where it's swamp!  And the animals," she shook her head, "crazy!"
The project leader rubbed under the googles he'd been wearing.  "And this is the best spot?!"
"It is!  Solid ground!  River nearby!  Plenty of space for a city and expansion!"
"Alright," he smacked the back of the pilot's seat and jerked his thumb upward.  The gyrocraft pulled away from the forest and higher into the air.  He brought a microphone to his mouth and squeezed the button on its side.  "Charlotte, this is Sur.  Do you receive?"
"We receive."
"You have the target?"
"We do."
"Phase one, begin.  Repeat, phase one, begin."
"Phase one begin.  Out."
Davis craned to look out of the open door at the forest.  "Are we far enough away?!"
"Should be!"  He glanced at the target, and as he was about to hit the pilot's seat again and tell him to pull back, the craft from DECo Charlotte came through the clouds.  "Here they are!"
Four transports took up positions around the target and several large barrels fell into the jungle.  They exploded, felling two of the great trees.  Dozens of birds flew out and away from the green canopy and the craft dropped another barrage and another.
An hour later, with one square kilometer cleared but smoldering, the various crafts landed, along with other transports from the ships in orbit.  Donald looked at the cracked trunk of one of the trees and surveyed the devastation around them.  He stepped over the body of a four-legged ruminant and climbed atop the deployed ramp of one of the transports.  Three hundred men and women in hardhats and construction gear were milling around, staring at the enormous trees.  
"Everyone!"  They crowded a bit closer.  "I'm Donald Sur, the project leader here.  I don't know how much you've been told, but I am with DECo, from Canceron, and my second here, Lark Davis, is with Vendik from Caprica.  There's now a Colonial Coalition, and the colonies want a neutral world for its court system and its capital," he gestured around him, "so we're here.  All the other worlds are paying the bill for what we do, so right now, we're going to clear the jungle and map out a city.  It will be our task to create the infrastructure, the housing, the courthouses, everything.  We have a long job ahead of us, so get with your foremen, and we'll get underway."
He climbed off the ramp and Lark said, "I'll call Explorer and have the clearing equipment sent down."
"Good."  He pointed at a group of smoking stumps.  "We'll want to set up a base right here, …"
"Great Zeus!"
Everyone turned to the west and the crews ran over the ashes and debris to a group of people standing around a body.
"What in the gods' name is that?" someone asked.
Sur pushed through the crowd and saw a charred figure lying on the ground.  It was more than four meters long, with enormous legs and arms.  Claws extended from each extremity and its half-burned face revealed long fangs.
Davis knelt by it and tried to see its eyes.  "Do you think they are … intelligent?"
Donald shook his head.  "With teeth and talons like that, I frakkin' hope not."  He turned and looked into the crowd.  "Who's got wireless?"  A young woman ran to him with a device.  He turned the crank and said, "Charlotte, this is Sur."
"We receive."
"Send down wildlife spotters.  All of them."  He glanced at the body again.  "Have them bring their big rifles."
X
WEBSTER
1,782 Years After Colonization

For four months, she had listened to discussions of law.  She listened to lawyers, both those in the room and Sagittaran attorneys who joined her on Caprica to review their progress.  She understood little of it, but she pushed as much as she could for what her people advised.  Still, Virgon and Leonis seemed pleased and this pleased her.
Today is the day.
"Good morning," Roksanna Laval said from the lectern.  "I call this conference of the Inter-Colonial Council to order.  We have but one item on the agenda, but it is of great importance.  Today, we firmly establish our inter-colonial legal code and the mechanisms through which it will work."
Webster looked across the room toward Pican's representative.  He was smiling, too.  She studied Augustus Calla and saw him breathing through his damned mask again, so she couldn't gauge how he felt.  The gods will call him soon.
"Is there a motion?"
Sir Sigmund smiled and said, "I move that we adopt the Coalition's articles on law and the Inter-Colonial Court system, in toto."
"Is there a second?" Laval asked.  Several hands went up.  She laughed and said, "All of those in favor of adopting the articles on the establishment of inter-colonial law and the courts, please say 'aye.'"
"Aye."
"All of those opposed?"  None spoke.  She tapped her small gavel on the lectern and said, "The articles pass.  The Coalition of Colonies now has, in place, a functioning legal system!"  She and others began to applaud.  "Work is proceeding on Libran, so it will be a while before the court is ready, but …"
"Ambassador," Kito said, raising her hand.
Roksanna was surprised.  "Oh, Ambassador Webster."
She glanced over her shoulder and one of her aides started to walk around the room with a collection of papers.  "I am giving notice to the Council that Sagittaron will be seeking redress in the courts as soon as is practical."
"'Redress?'" Laval asked.  "Redress for …"  The aide placed a copy of the papers in front of both Fennimore and Palomer.  When she saw this, the Caprican stopped breathing.
Jerome Fan stood, holding a set of papers.  "Picon will also be seeking redress in the courts."  He handed it to an aide behind him who took it around the room to the Virgan.
The priestess raised her hand.  "And Gemenon."
They looked toward Calla, still wearing his mask.  With a slow blink, he simply nodded, and an aide stood behind him to distribute the papers.
The ambassadors from Virgon and Leonis fumed.  Sir Sigmund blushed and shook his head.  Gisele's lips contorted as she bit the inside of her cheek.  Finally, she nodded and almost smiled, as if she realized this had been the plan all along.  Caprica's delegate was still dumbstruck while both Aerilon and Canceron's representatives looked at the proceedings with wide eyes.
After a moment, Roksanna swallowed hard and returned to the lectern.  She said, "Clear the room.  The Council is going into a closed session."  The aides all departed.  In the silence that followed, the delegates looked at each other and then Laval.  Her anger was barely contained and she gripped the sides of the lectern tightly.  "I am not certain where to begin."
"I will begin," Fennimore said.  He wriggled in his seat and his glare passed from Webster to Fan to Cuda to Calla and back again.  "It is shameful!  It is dishonorable!  For months we have worked, in good faith, to craft agreements between our worlds!  And it was a pretense!  It was false!  You crafted and cajoled the proceedings so that you could have this day!  The day when you embarrass us in open council and then in court!"
"Did you not get all that you asked for in your precious laws, Sir Sigmund?" Kito asked.  "Did you object when we agreed with you on creating a firm legal system?"
"No!  But it was a ruse!"
Palomer put her hand on his arm.  "It was a ruse that has worked.  I congratulate you all for such a complicated and devious strategy."  
"'Devious' implies ill intent," Jerome said.  "There is none."
"Is there not?"  She tapped the end of her cigarette on the outside of her metal case.  "You have served us with legal motions in an attempt for … what?  Restitution?  Some payment for the past?"
As she lit the cigarette, the priestess said, "There is no evil in making right the wrongs of the past."
Fennimore shook his head and exploded, "Virgon will not be a part to such a system!  A system where we have been exploited so that the other worlds may profit!"
"Sigmund," Gisele said as she touched his arm again, "calm yourself.  The children have something to say, so we must let them say it."
Now it was Webster's turn to fume.  She took a deep breath and looked at the Leonan who stared and smiled at her now.  She's trying to rile me.  Kito exhaled and nodded once.  "I do have something to say."  She interlaced her fingers and set her hands on the table before her.  "Have either of you been to Sagittaron?"
Fennimore shook his head, but Palomer said, "Oui."
"Have you been to the Sagittaron Museum of Horrors in Tawa?"  There was a look of confusion from the Leonan and Webster smiled, "That is my name for it.  The building itself is called the Museum of History.  It is a small museum because my people don't like to remember the past.  They do not dwell, for its memory may haunt their futures.  But I could not help myself.  I stood and stared into a glass case which contained a medical volume from seven hundred years ago.  Seven hundred years!  It was open to a page that described how a native Sagittaran was sliced open while he was still conscious so the doctors could better understand pain and infections.  There was an artifact, too.  A metal cylinder that contained some of the earliest chemical weapons ever created, and they were developed on Sagittaron.  They were tested on my people.  I saw drawings of men and women and children who were missing, for they were taken off world in servitude by your Empires.  Many of them were even sterilized!"
"That was a short-lived practice," Palomer said, "and many were returned at the end of their service to the crown."  
"After decades away!  They lost their families!  Their homes!  They were old and broken men and women, dropped off on the homeworld of their youths without any way forward!"  She paused long enough to regain her composure, "These are the crimes of your worlds, and they scarred mine for hundreds of years.  To this day, we bear those scars and our world has been irrevocably changed and hampered.  And to this day, you have not accepted responsibility.  You plead no guilt.  The time has long since passed for you to do so."
She sat back in her chair and smiled.  Regardless of the outcome of these efforts, at least she had the chance to say that to their faces.
XI
FENNIMORE
1,782 Years After Colonization

He angrily shook his head.  "Virgon and Leonis both abandoned the practice of native servitude well more than two hundred years ago."
"Were that even the end of it," Webster said, "there are still six centuries of your evils to answer for."
He jumped up.  "Virgon will not sit here and listen such nonsense!  Such lies!  I will remove ourselves from this Coalition, if I have to!"
While the Caprican seemed worried, the Sagittaran and others knew how to calm him.  "If you do," Kito said, "we will rescind our trade agreements.  They have not all been passed by our legislature, so they are not yet law."
"We will do the same," the Pican said.
"And so will Canceron," Isila said.  Several faces turned toward her, surprised.  
Fennimore blinked and stared at Torun.  Such a high population.  So many exports Virgon needed.  He couldn't risk it.  He said nothing else and sat down hard.
His mind moved constantly and his legs did, too.  His torso swiveled with each breath and he seemed tensed to pounce across the table at any moment.  He chewed his lips and ground his teeth.  His skin flushed hot and he felt sweat beginning to form along his scalp.
I knew it would come to this.
He recalled a night months ago, lying in bed with Giselle, exhausted after a passionate ten minutes, his face in her bosom and her legs still wrapped around his body.  She had said, "I believe things are going well in Council.  Don't you?"
Panting still, he had answered, "I believe so.  I am surprised at how agreeable everyone seems to be.  Still, though …"
"What?"
He got up from her naked body.  "I feel they still wish to exclude us.  Pushing for the capital to be on Libran, of all places.  Ridiculous."
"I have my suspicions, also," she had rolled over to the nightstand to get her cigarettes.  "But, for now, they are doing all that we want."
In the Council chamber, Sigmund formed fists and ground his fingernails into his own flesh.  Priestess Aleska Cuda was going on about Gemenon's Great Forest and how the empires had destroyed it, leaving them with a desert that expands to this day.
"Still," Cuda said, "Virgon has a presence on our world and they will not depart."
"Dacia is small!" Fennimore exploded.  "They have little military, no backing from Virgon!  If you want Dacia so dearly, take it yourself!"
"They are your dominion," Aleska said.
"Yes, just like Sagittaron!" he barked at Webster.  "If the people feel so strongly about us, they may declare their independence as Caprica did!"  He thrust his hand toward Laval at that.
Fan said, "No Virgan boot treads on Picon, yet your queen still claims it!  Just last year, your fleet returned to our orbit despite your defeat ..."
Gisele removed the cigarette from her mouth and said, "At great cost to your allies."
Jerome looked toward her and nervously, quickly, bowed toward her.  He again faced Fennimore, "Why will Virgon not relinquish its claim?"
Sir Sigmund glanced toward Palomer and then back at Fan.  He didn't serve her with papers.  Picon still values that alliance more than any past grievances.  His breathing slowed and his body stilled.  It's politics.  It's all politics and compromise.  There is a bargain to be struck.  I must simply find it.
"Mr. Fan," he began calmly, "if the crown were to relinquish its claim on your world and withdraw our fleet from orbit, for good, will you cease this legal action?"
Jerome blinked and sat back, startled by such a change in demeanor.  "I … I thank you for the offer."  He looked down briefly and then faced the ambassador, "Still, there is the past to contend with."
"Indeed.  Yet, I must note that my colleague," he gestured toward Palomer, "was not given your legal papers.  Does this mean Picon does not seek redress with Leonis?"  Fan didn't move.  "They did rule two continents on your world at one time.  They engaged in warfare with your people and pressed your people into warfare against Virgon's forces for centuries.  They, too, took your people in servitude from your world."
"Given our current arrangement with Leonis," he licked his lips, "it was not deemed a prudent measure."
"I see.  Logical.  Mr. Fan," he almost smirked, "let Virgon relinquish its claim and remove the fleet.  You will cease this legal action.  Afterward, our two worlds may discuss, through diplomacy, some means of assuaging the past."
Jerome straightened and raised his head.  His eyes darted as he thought and, after a few moments, he nodded.  "If the queen and Parliament will agree, yes.  I will withdraw it.  And you will sign a preliminary agreement stating this?"
"I will.  Thank you."  He looked around the table and saw the anger on Webster's face.  That's one victory.  "Priestess Cuda, Dacia is an autonomous nation within the Virgan Commonwealth.  The governor-general, in light of his current financial state after donating his petrol concerns to the Church, is likely very willing to talk with the nations of Gemenon.  The queen, however, has no claim on your world.  May we, as with Picon, speak of redress diplomatically?"
Aleska nodded.  "The gods smile on those who make peace.  Thank you, ambassador."
"My pleasure."  He turned then toward the Tauran.  Augustus was breathing heavily, his black oxygen mask still affixed to his face.  "Mr. Calla, Virgon and Leonis both have claimed your world."  Fennimore looked at Palomer and she, sensing his direction, nodded.  "If we are to do as we have with Picon and relinquish those claims, will you allow us to evacuate our citizens who desire it and cease this legal effort?"
The old man's eyes were heavy.  He looked toward the tank on the floor and, with great effort, bent toward it.  He turned the valve to the right and began to remove the mask from his face.  With it now in his lap and his cheeks bearing the reddened marks of its straps, he took a deep breath and began.  "Ambassador, when I was nineteen, I was a medic in the Militia.  I served during the siege of Zama.  That is where I was given a dose of Leonan gas."  Fennimore looked at Gisele and then back at Augustus.  "I was kept as a prisoner in a Leonan camp.  I was barely treated.  I barely survived."  He coughed.  "Still three years later, I was released.  In time, I recovered somewhat and served again as a medic outside Marathon."
Sir Sigmund calculated Calla's age and when this might have been.  His heart stopped and he realized what was coming.
"I worked as a doctor in the hospitals so I was spared the Virgan Blue.  I was spared the liquid fire.  Yet I saw many thousands who were not.  A portion were soldiers in the Militia," he nodded, "and it was expected.  The damage from high-caliber weaponry, explosives, the gashes of exploded debris or knives.  Prisoners returned to us, broken in all meanings of the word.  Again, this was expected.  The greater portion, however, were civilians.  Children.  The curse of a child in war is that they are hardy.  They heal more quickly.  Their bodies can sustain more damage than we credit.  Their spirits may be undaunted though the world about them falls.  They can survive and endure another day."  He cleared his throat and looked away.  "At Marathon, though, I saw children, broken, burned.  Those who breathed and survived the Blue were ghosts.  Those who saw their parents killed and their homes destroyed were specters of a different sort.  Their spirits were daunted.  There was no spark of joy in them.  They were haunted by it all.  Scarred, not only by bullets or flame or gas, but by memory.  The memory remained and it wounded them, again and again, for the rest of their days."
Fennimore nodded and he was genuinely moved.  The room was silent and he looked toward his hands, wondering what he might say or do in light of such words.  He feared that no offer he could make would salve that pain.
"I will accept your offer, ambassadors."
Sir Sigmund whipped his head up and stared at Calla.  "You will?"
He brought the mask to his face and held it there as he turned the valve.  After a few moments, he lowered it and said, "Yes.  With a pair of requirements."
"Go on," he responded.
"Firstly, that all colonies destroy their stocks of chemical weapons."  To punctuate this, Augustus put the mask back over his mouth.
"I understand," Fennimore said.  "And second?"
He turned toward an empty chair behind him.  A case was there and he reached for it, but the oxygen tubing would not allow it.  Muffled by the mask, he said, "Would you please?"
The Gemenese priestess said, "Of course," as she took it from the chair and placed it on the table.  
He opened it and withdrew a healthy stack of paper.  "In my spare time, I have been writing.  Having seen the tragedy of war, it is my fondest desire that none see it again.  If the Coalition fulfills its purpose, then these would be superfluous, but I have drafted a treaty for all the colonies to consider."  He passed the papers along the table toward the Virgan.  "I propose restrictions on warfare, to better protect the innocent, to provide better care for soldiers, and the like."
Sir Sigmund looked at the writing and gave the opening lines a cursory read.  "I will certainly read this, Mr. Calla."
"That is the original, if you please.  I need it transcribed and replicated."
"Very well."  He passed the pages back to Augustus and said, "This is what you ask?  That the colonies consider your treaty and that all chemical weapons are destroyed?"
He put the mask to his face again for a moment before he said, "And that both empires depart our world at last, yes."  He breathed the oxygen and added a muffled, "Yesterday does not concern me.  Tomorrow is all that matters."
Webster stood up from her chair so quickly that it fell over.  "Cowards!  All of you, cowards!  Have you no fight at all?"
Gisele smirked, "Strange for a Sagittaran to spoil for a fight so."  Kito's face scrunched up and she began to bark at the Leonan, but Fennimore paid no attention.
He looked at Calla and watched the old man affix the mask back to his face.  I have seen the pain caused in the name of Virgon, and I feel it more keenly in a witness to it.  A sufferer of it.  Why do I sympathize so for a man and a world that bore such troubles a few short years ago, but not for a world that suffered centuries before?  He watched Webster gesticulate toward Palomer, who merely sat and contained her chuckling.  Then, he looked toward the window and at the blue sky in the morning sun.
XII
LEROY
1,782 Years After Colonization

Eve An crouched in the corner of her hut.  The shouts from the around the village easily pierced the wooden walls and straw roof of her home.  Then came the first gunshots on the outskirts of town.  The teen leapt up from beside her bed and darted out of the house.  A large vehicle lumbered down the main road and squads of tan-clad soldiers walked alongside and in front of it.  Their rifles were across their chests and ready to be used.  
Eve turned back but saw her neighbor, Cam, peeking above the frame of his window.  "Come here!"  She ran to the door and he opened it just enough for her to get in.  He looked at the approaching soldiers and asked, "Do you know anything?"
She whispered, "No.  Why are they here?"
He shook his head and looked across the room toward the crib.  "She better not cry."
"My parents are still in the fields," An said.  She wanted to raise up and look toward the south, but she didn't.  She knew she'd be spotted.
The loud engine of the truck got closer and closer before it finally stopped and cut off.  They heard chattering of the soldiers and then the sound of a megaphone.  "Attention, people of Tenhville.  You have among you members of the National Institutional Party.  If they surrender now, peacefully, we will depart.  If they do not, we will stay."  Several Leonan soldiers laughed at that.
Eve had only heard of the National Institutionalists.  Such talk of politics was forbidden by her father.  She almost asked Cam about it when someone began to shoot at the Leonans.
Two soldiers fell, wounded.  All of them, some one hundred fifty men and women, returned fire in virtually every direction.  Bullets tore through the planks of Cam's house, throwing splinters and dust into the air.  It seemed to hang in beams of sunlight as the soldiers continued to fire.  She lay on the floor, cowering.  Her friend covered her with his arm, but he, too, curled in a defensive posture.
Finally, the Leonans stopped shooting.  The echoes of the shots decayed in the valley and the soldiers' weapons clicked as they ejected spent magazines and loaded new ones.  The captain gave an order and the soldiers split up, moving into the village and going door to door.
"We have to leave," Eve said.
Cam crawled to the crib and reached up toward the edge to take his sister.  When he did, he felt wetness.  He jumped to his feet and saw the baby, dead from one of the many bullets fired.  In despair, he screamed, "No!"
An wanted to shush him but she was afraid to do anything.  When he cried out again, she was able to move her arms, so she pushed herself off the floor.  At that moment, the door of the home was kicked open by two soldiers, who dragged the teens out of the house and into the street at gunpoint.
Eve was shoved into line next to the old woman who ran the market.  She smiled at the girl and put an arm around her.  Not seeing her parents, An began to weep and she leaned against the old woman's shoulder.  Cam stood beside her and bawled with his face buried in his hands.
With more than a hundred of the town's residents in the street now, other soldiers were dispatched to the fields to gather the rest.  There was more distant gunfire and the captain looked toward it through binoculars.  Behind him, there were raised voices and gunfire inside a house.  The door flew open and a Leonan fell out into the road, dead.  When the villager emerged with his rifle, he shot toward the soldiers, hitting another.  A moment later, the attacker was killed.
The captain slammed his hand on the roof of the truck and watched as a medic tended to the wounds of his lieutenant.  Squads of soldiers brought workers from the fields to the road and the captain yelled without the aid of his megaphone, "Frak these animals!  Kill them!"
The citizens screamed and soldiers took aim, killing many of the men first.  When their wives protested, they were shot.  Children ran to their sides and then they, too, were killed.  A sergeant near Eve stepped in front of his men and said, "Let us not be hasty."  He turned and smiled at a young woman, stroking the side of her face.  "There is fun to be had."
An clung to the old woman tighter but a soldier shot her in the head.  Eve stared in shock at her body, bleeding on the ground, and the private with the smoking gun said, "No one wants that."  The teen began to scream and the young man slapped her across the face.  As she stumbled back, he scooped her up and took her inside the nearest home.
She was thrown onto the bed and looked around herself in horror.  She didn't know whose house this was.  The door flew open and more soldiers entered with their own captive men and women in tow.  Eve stared in confusion at a female corporal who held down a woman as a sergeant raped her.  When the corporal took her turn with the crying villager, An looked away.
It seemed as through the private was atop her for hours, and the screaming that surrounded her seemed to last that long, too, but she knew that couldn't be the case.  Physically, she felt only pain, and she stared at the door, hoping it would open again and her father might enter to help.
Soon, she and everyone else were dragged out and prodded down the road with the barrels of rifles.  They came to an irrigation ditch along the western side of the fields and they were ordered to line up in front of it.  Eve looked down at the trickle of water inside and she spotted many bodies that had already been thrown in.
The Leonans stood before the villagers and laughed.  One zipped his pants up and then pulled the bolt back on his rifle.  An blinked and realized what was about to happen.  She felt as though she were floating and that her skin was not her own.  She looked toward the clouds and wondered if she could fly away, thinking this might be some horrible dream.  She tensed and released her muscles, hoping that would propel her, but it did not.
More squads came to the ditch with dozens of captives and lined them up.  Nearly a hundred now, shivering in the cool breeze, weeping and dazed.  In the distance, flames took the first of Tenhville's buildings and torches were thrown onto others.  The Leonans raised their rifles and began to fire.  Some collapsed to the ground and some fell backward into the ditch.  Eve simply stared at the green grass before her and waited.  The pain struck her right shoulder and she did what she thought she was supposed to do.  She fell back into the ditch, splashing in the water and mud.  A body landed on either side of her.  One landed across her legs, breaking her ankle.  She closed her eyes and waited to die.
Leonans came to the edge of the ditch and kicked in whomever didn't fall in.  Another body fell atop her and the air was squeezed from her lungs.  The soldiers stood at the edge of the ditch, looking down, and after a few moments, they emptied their weapons into the bodies, just to be sure.
Eve passed out and she was surprised when she awoke.  The sun was setting and she could hear the distant crackle of flames as her village was consumed.  She heard no talking.  No vehicles.  No gunfire.  Still, she waited.
In the dark of night, the last crackle of fire had ended.  An realized that she would not be dying that day.  She struggled to push the man's large body off her, but she couldn't.  The mud, however, was more forgiving, so she was able to squeeze herself out from under him and then climb out of the ditch.
She hobbled toward the glowing embers of Tenhville and looked around for survivors.  She saw none.  She looked for Leonans, too, but she saw none of them, either.  She sat by a pile of warm ashes and used the orange glow to tend to her wounds.  The following morning, she dug through the remains of several homes to find food and clothes.  Once she did, she left and made for herself a home in a new village.  Nine months later, Marie was born.

The Scorpian glared at Gisele.  She had been clenching her jaw so hard, her teeth hurt and she saw spots at the edges of her vision.  
"Yes, Ambassador Leroy?" Roksanna said.
Marie looked toward the Caprican and suddenly realized she had stood up.  Kito Webster had stopped her yelling, but the Leonan was still smirking.  Anger pounded in her eyes as she saw it.
"Scorpia will file for redress."
Palomer scoffed.  "Scorpia has no standing."
"Leonis granted us autonomy more than a decade ago …"
"As a state in the Leonan Union!"  
"And we are member of the Coalition of Colonies!  A separate member!"
Gisele straightened in her chair and flattened the front of her shirt.  "Scorpia may be a member of this Coalition, but if there are legal questions about its status, those may be addressed in Leonan courts."  After Leroy shook her head, Palomer said, "You are beginning to sound like a Natty, ambassador."
"I am not a National Institutionalist."
The Leonan nodded.  "Still," she withdrew another cigarette from her case, "is your decision to seek redress the official position of the Scorpian government?"
Her anger diminished and she felt a burst of nervousness.  "I am its ambassador."  
"Does the chief of state agree?"
That coward?  "I have not spoken with him."
Palomer smiled and put the cigarette to her lips.  "You should."
Standing there in the quiet, Marie felt the eyes of the others upon her.  She faced Laval who still appeared dumbstruck by all that had happened.  Finally, Leroy sat and her fingers twitched as the adrenaline continued to course through her.
"Leonis," Gisele said, "will remember this."
Marie stared at the woman's face, veiled by smoke.  When it dissipated, Leroy said, "Scorpia's memory is long, too, ambassador."
XIII
PALOMER
1,782 Years After Colonization

Scorpia's capital, Celeste, rested more than a kilometer above sea level in a bowl-shaped valley amid the Guardian Mountains.  Its buildings were stone and many were ornate, well more than two centuries old.  Leonis had not spent much here since, but the silver mines of Argentum in the east paid out well and some things changed.
Van Rhue stood in her office and looked out beyond the mountains, toward the valley and floor of the plains.  It was summer down there and unspeakably hot.  What free land there was was farmed and the jungles claimed the rest.  A bird flew across the sky before her windows, and then it turned toward them.
She backed away and it landed on the sill.  Black feathers with a bright blue patch at its crown, red wings, a yellow spot at the center of its back, and three long, curled, blue feathers on its tail.  To have one land on your sill was good luck.  To have it come inside was bad.
"Fly away, chim," she whispered.
The door to her office opened and two men with rifles entered on either side of the clerk of the Assembly.  "President Rhue," he said.
The bird flew away.  Van turned, her hands clasped behind her back, and said, "Yes?"
He raised a document in front of himself and began to read, "'Chief of State Alban Dupuis, with the power entrusted to him by the president of the Leonan Union, does hereby declare the National Institutional Party enemies of Scorpia,'" Rhue nodded knowingly as the man continued, "'and all leaders and members of the Party are to be placed under arrest, including the President of the Scorpian Assembly, Van Rhue.'"  He lowered the document.  "Take her."
Both men took a step forward, but one reached back with his rifle and butted the clerk in the face.  He collapsed, unconscious.
Rhue smiled and said, "Thank you."
The soldier on the left said, "We are with you."
She moved to her desk and opened the top drawer.  She removed a pistol and stuck it in the waistband of her simple green jumpsuit.  She took an envelope and a folder from the desktop, both containing papers.  After she lifted the strap of a small satchel from her chair and put it over her head, she walked toward the men.  "Are we ready?"
"Yes, president."
One of the soldiers looked down in sorrow.  Van stared at him and asked, "Family?"
"Yes, president.  Two daughters."
"I understand.  Take care of your family."  She looked at the other soldier and said, "Knock him out."
While one braced himself to use the butt of his rifle, the other tensed and said, "Thank you, president."  Smack.  The large man crumpled to the floor.
Rhue moved toward the clerk and bent over, picking up the document from his side.  She glanced over it and saw nothing unusual, so she placed it, open, across his chest.  Van held her hand out and said, "Knife."  The soldier removed his large blade and put it in her hand.  "It is time, at last, to make our statement."  She knelt by the clerk and stabbed through the document and into his chest.  The unconscious man stirred and began to rouse, but she pinched his nose and placed her hand over his mouth.  After a few moments of twitching, he stopped.  Blood seeped through his clothes and pooled on the stone floor around him.  She stood and said, "You will escort me from the building.  Then, we will notify everyone we can.  It is time to flee."  She glanced back to the windows.  "We will regroup in the jungle."

Gisele sat in bed and read the courier's report over and over again.  Sensing that sex wasn't in the immediate future, Fennimore got up and went to the table by the window where he prepared a cigar.
"Are you going to tell me or are they state secrets?"
Palomer looked up, almost surprised that he was there.  "It seems that my report was the feather that broke the mule's back."
"Why?"
"The president has ordered the chief of state to declare the National Institutional Party enemies of Scorpia."
"Weren't they already?"  He flicked a lighter several times before it produced flame.
"Years ago, yes, but they grew too big to ignore or jail.  They were treated with unearned respect and legalized.  They were allowed to hold office."  She looked back at the pages and said, "And that respect has been repaid with protests, stoppages, vandalism, and violence."
"So Scorpia declared the Natties illegal again.  Is that all?"
"It is not.  The leader of the party was the president of Scorpia's Assembly and as she was being arrested, she murdered the clerk of the Assembly and fled the capital."
"Damn."
"Four guards were killed and dozens of members of the Assembly and military have hidden in the jungle."  She slid the page away and looked at the next one.  Her eyes widened.  "Marie Leroy is being recalled."
"Is she now?"
Palomer nodded.  "Her replacement should arrive in a few days."
As a noxious cloud drifted away from his head, Sir Sigmund asked, "And how does all this make you feel?"
She lowered the papers and thought.  "Surprised," she nodded, "but pleased."

A week later, Roksanna was handed a note while the Inter-Colonial Council debated claims on uninhabited bodies.  The conversation came to a stop as the Caprican read it and her eyes glanced up first toward Gisele and then toward the new Scorpian ambassador.
She took a deep breath and began to read aloud, "'With orbital strikes conducted by Leonan vessels, Scorpian military units have raided and destroyed at least four villages near Celeste in the search for members of the outlawed NI Party and its leaders.  More than a thousand civilians are believed dead and the chief of state says the search will continue.'"
Silence fell on the room.  Augustus Calla shook his head and closed his eyes.  Kito Webster stood a minute later and said, "I move that the Council draft a resolution to condemn Leonis and the Scorpian government's assault on its civilians."
Palomer shook her head and muttered, "Mes dieux."  She pounded her hand on the table and said, "These people are murderers!  They have killed many times and they will kill again!  We have a duty to stamp them out."
Priestess Cuda of Gemenon said, "Second."
Laval stood and walked to the lectern.  "The motion has been seconded.  All in favor?"  Gisele pushed things around her table as hands were raised.  "All opposed?"
"Opposed," Palomer said bitterly.
Fennimore had been sitting with his chin held in his fingers as he thought.  Quietly, he said, "Opposed."
Roksanna wrote the tallies down and looked toward the Scorpian delegate.  "Ambassador Tremblay, you did not vote."
The timid man glanced toward the Leonan and then answered, "Scorpia abstains."
"The motion has passed," Laval said.  "Given the hour, I would suggest we save debate on the resolution's verbiage for tomorrow …"
"No!" Gisele barked and stood.  "Is this to be the way of things?  When a world is forced by violent elements to take action, we are condemned by the Coalition?  Do you truly believe that Leonis or Scorpia want to kill its citizens, or even these outlaws?  We do not, but the outlaws have made it so."  She faced Roksanna and said, "If this is the way of the future for this Council, if every action we undertake is to be judged in this room by those who have no ties to Leonis, then Leonis will have no part of this Coalition."
Laval stepped away from the lectern, "Ambassador, please!"
She gathered her papers and looked at the other representatives.  "Today it is Leonis.  Tomorrow, your government may make a decision that other worlds do not like.  What will this Council say then?"  Ready to leave, her folders in her arms and her aides walking toward the door, she stood next to Fennimore and looked down at him.
And now to see if my gamble was wise, she thought.  Do you hear me, you grotesque man?  I've bedded you for months now to curry your favor and today I call in that chit.  Leave with me.
Sir Sigmund looked toward her and saw her firm, resolved expression.  He thought he knew the unspoken question.  He nodded and stood.  "Virgon will not be a party to this, either."
Palomer smiled and departed the chamber as the Council erupted at Fennimore.
XIV
LIBRAN
1,783 Years After Colonization

He stood before the statue and looked up at it.  Athena on a pedestal, weathered by at least a century or more.  He wondered where it came from and how it came to be put here on a new world, for all intents and purposes.
"Adrian Baxter?"
He turned and saw a man in a hardhat coming toward him.  "Yes?"
"Donald Sur, project leader."  They shook hands.  "You're lucky to have arrived on one of the few days that isn't rainy."
"Happy to be here."  He looked at the silver headgear and asked, "Should I be wearing one of those?"
"Not if you don't stray from the roped-off areas."  He turned and looked at the city and the large array of scaffolding around the central structure.  "The main chamber of the courthouse is ready, as are many of the offices and other facilities."
"Good.  That's good."  They started to walk toward the courthouse and Baxter looked at the other scaffolding and framed buildings.  "Is there an administration building yet?"
"I'm afraid not.  The Council told us the courthouse had the highest priority, you understand."
"Right."
"Any word on if we're to get the approval on government buildings for the Coalition?"
"Seems unlikely."  Baxter ran a finger along his hairline and then rubbed the sweat on his pants.  "With Virgon and Leonis absent, the Council is hesitant to do much more right now."
"Oh."  He shrugged and kept talking, "Clearing the forest has been more difficult than we thought.  The trees are big, but their root systems are bigger.  The ground has to be extensively worked after removal."  He laughed, "And the animals.  Have you seen the tree-bear we have on display?"
"No."
"It's in the courthouse.  Big, evil things.  Killed eleven of my people over the last year."
"My gods."
"Yeah.  I think we've run them off for now."  They stopped at the intersection as a cart lumbered past with bundles of piping.  Sur put his hands on his hips and looked at Adrian.  "They've left all the big decisions to you, eh?"
"They have."
"Like the city's name?"
He nodded and said, "Themis."
"Titan, right?"
"Yes.  Personification of the law."
"Makes sense.  Funny, building a courthouse here?"  He smiled, "I found out that Sagittaron used to send prisoners here to die instead of executing them."
"Are you serious?"
"Yeah.  They did it for years.  We haven't found a trace of anyone, so I guess it worked."  They crossed the road and entered a tunnel created by wooden boards under the scaffolding.  "I heard you were thinking of changing the planet's name, too."
"Considering it."  He spoke louder over the noise of saws and hammering.  "Want to get away from the Virgan naming conventions, you know."
"Yeah.  What are you leaning toward?"
"Libris."
"Sounds kinda like Leonis."
Baxter laughed.  "I guess it does.  I'll have to think harder."
"Where are you from?"
They walked into the main entrance of the courthouse and Adrian was surprised at how finished it looked.  Marble all over.  Columns along the walls.  Murals.  "Uh, Tauron, originally.  Escaped to Gemenon as a teenager and then got married and moved to Caprica."
"No wonder the Council picked you as administrator."
"Right.  I love a lot of worlds."
"Speaking of the Council," Donald said as he saw two women approach.  He tipped his hardhat and said, "I'll talk to you later, sir."
"Wait a minute.  The Athena statue outside.  Where did it come from?"
"It was donated by Virgon.  Came from a Temple of Athena in Bloustad, I think."
Off the council, yet they still care enough to send that?  "And what's being done with it?"
"No decision's been made.  Might put it atop the courthouse.  Maybe in a fountain."
"It is hot here, so the fountain sounds like a good idea."
Sur smiled.  "Yes sir.  I'll draw up some plans for you."
"Thank you."  They shook hands again and he turned to greet the two ambassadors.  "Good morning, both of you."
"Mr. Baxter," the younger woman extended her hand, "I'm Isila Torun, Canceron's representative on the Council."
"I remember."  He turned and shook the other woman's hand, "Kito Webster, Sagittaron."
"Mr. Baxter."
He smiled.  "I've only just arrived, so I'm afraid I can't show you around yet."
"You needn't worry," Torun said.  "This is the only building to see and most of it remains unfinished."
In the midst of the white walls and colorful paintings, he saw a monstrous gray shape rise from the floor almost five-meters high, with arms and claws fully extended and its mouth yawning open, bearing great fangs.  "My gods."
"It's terrifying," the Canceran said.
"Mr. Baxter, you're from Tauron, yes?" Webster asked.  
After he studied it for a moment, he had difficulty turning his head away from the animal.  He looked at the Sagittaran and answered.  "Originally."
She clasped her hands in front of herself and said, "I thought you may like to know that we've heard Augustus Calla passed away yesterday."
He nodded solemnly.  "He was well regarded there.  A great humanitarian."
"Indeed."
Adrian began to walk again.  "I am glad, though, that he lived to see five of the worlds adopt his warfare restrictions."
"With more to follow, I'm sure," Torun said.  "Are all the living quarters in the temporary, wooden structures outside?"
"I'm afraid you know more than I right now," Baxter said.  "I know only that we are able conduct the hearings as scheduled."
"Well," Kito said as they stopped in front of the chamber's doors, "you are the administrator, so we will leave the details to you."
"And I thank you for that, ambassadors."
Isila put her hand on Webster's shoulder.  "It's almost time for the first of your cases.  Are you ready?"
The older woman beamed and said, "I cannot tell you how long I have waited for this day."
They opened the doors and entered the gallery.  The room was complete with dark wooden seats and railings, a detailed dark wooden bench for the justices, columns, marble walls, and chandeliers.  The two ambassadors walked toward the front of the gallery and sat behind one of the tables of attorneys while Adrian chose a seat on the bench nearest the exit.  Dozens of people were murmuring while they waited until a woman wearing a ceremonial uniform emerged.
"All rise!"  Everyone stood and she continued, "The Inter-Colonial Court of Justice begins its session!  All honor its presiding justices!"  Eight men and women in different types of judicial robes entered, native to their own worlds.  Three even wore traditional powdered wigs.  
No Virgon or Leonis, Baxter thought.  When the eight took their places at the bench, he noted there was plenty of room on either end for the two absent worlds to join.
"The honorable Judge Salman Kraus, Gemenon, presiding."  With that, the bailiff turned and assumed her place against the wall.
Judge Kraus looked toward the gallery and noted the hosts of attorneys.  He then looked down at the clerk.  "If you will, Mr. Frost."
A young man stood and said, "Hear ye all.  Today, the Court of Justice will hear the arguments of and bear witness to the case of Tawa, Sagittaron, against Her Majesty Queen Margaret the Third and the Virgan Commonwealth."
Adrian looked around the room and smiled just a little.  History is being made.
XV
LAVAL
Unknown Years Before Activation

"I failed."
"Why do you say that?"
Roksanna laughed.  "The Coalition of Colonies did nothing.  It faded and faded until the other worlds pulled away.  Sagittaron's departure.  That was the last feather.  When we condemned their classhood system and their political prisoners, they pulled out of the Coalition."
"This pained you."
"Oh yes.  Stuck in Capricoria working with people on the Council who didn't want to be there.  And the Council became only a … an advisory body.  Mediating trade disputes."  She pounded her leg with her fist.  "No grand capital of the colonies on Libran.  No government for all the worlds, all the people.  Just the courts, I suppose."
"The courts continued for centuries," a voice said.  "They meted out plenty of justice."
Again, she laughed, "For all the good it did.  The Court of Justice, the big one, the one that deals with colony-versus-colony conflict, could only issue advisory opinions.  Advisory opinions.  Do you know that means?"  Before the voices could respond, she said, "Nothing.  It means nothing."
"You are being unduly hard on yourself and your work."
"I wasted decades of my life in that room.  I thought I was building something special, but in the end, it was just a place for bickering among diplomats.  Any good that may have come from the courts or our Council was ignored."  She plopped into a chair and stared at the blackness before her.  "We had no means of enforcement.  We were made to stop war, so what can we do when one colony wars against another?  Fight?  That feels hypocritical, but the alternative was worse.  Watching conflict continue.  Skirmishes between Scorpia and Sagittaron in their asteroid belt.  Virgon and Leonis fighting over Troy.  Gemenon and Tauron fighting over tylium."  She sighed.  "Watching suffering.  Knowing that the aggressors didn't care what we thought because there was nothing we could do about it."
"If it will make you feel better," a female said, "decades after the establishment of the Coalition, both Virgon and Leonis agreed to make reparations payments to their former subjects."
"This came about, in large part, because of the diplomatic discussions started in the Council and continued by Ambassador Fennimore."
She raised her eyebrows and nodded.  "That … is good news."  Slowly, her shoulders sank and she was again in despair.  "I had hoped for so much more, though.  More cooperation between the worlds."
"You were ahead of your time," the male said.
"Unity would come much later, but only in the face of a terrible threat."
Roksanna narrowed her eyes and stared into the darkness.  "That sounds rather ominous."  The voices didn't explain, so she shook her head and sighed, "I just wanted to change things."
"Change comes," one said, "but it is often slow to human eyes."
The other voice followed, "And is bought with a great price."

END OF BOOK NINE



I
KHONG
Unknown Years Before Activation

The old, thin man stood with his hands behind his back.  Louis' dull blue suit was immaculately pressed and without wrinkles.  His bald head glistened despite the darkness.
"You know the history of Scorpia?" the voice asked.  He nodded.  "Leonan settlements struggled for many years until they were bolstered by migrants from Picon."
"Forced migrants," Khong added.
"Yes.  Such a history has long colored your perception of the Leonans then?"
"Naturally.  It illustrates that the Empire has ever been unjust in its treatment of the other worlds."
"And so you sought to remove them from yours."
"And their lapdogs, the Central Committee.  Yes."
"General," a female voice said, "are you familiar with the saying, 'Nature abhors a vacuum?'"
"I am."
"Would you say that the departure of Leonis from your world created a vacuum?"
He looked toward the non-existent sky as he thought.  "Perhaps.  The Party was ready to take its place, however."
"Van Rhue was."
Khong nodded.  "She was."
"And without her?"
"I had to step in."
"There is another saying applicable to politics," the male began, "'In the absence of power, the unworthy attempt to claim it.'"
"That is an empty saying," Louis answered.  "And one I've not heard."
"Why 'empty,' as you put it?"
The general began to pace.  "If there is an absence of power, why would any who claim it be unworthy?  If one is successful at claiming it, are they not, by definition, worthy?"
The male answered, "I believe the author's intent was that power should fall upon someone who was worthy of it."
"That speaks of divine selection; not of the people's will."
The female laughed but the male ignored her and continued, "If asked, do you believe the people of Scorpia would have said you were worthy?"
He smirked.  "I do."
"Would they say so truthfully, and not out of fear?"
Louis paused.
"I see."
Louis stepped toward the voice, "I didn't answer."
"You didn't have to."
II
ROBIDA
1,783 Years After Colonization

The lieutenant looked over the edge of the amphibious transport toward the island.  Mist clung to its shores and he saw only blackness beneath the fog.  He pulled his cap down on his head and turned to face the men and women of his company.
"Hunters!"  He raised his voice over the noise of the engines and the waves crashing against the bow of the craft.  All the members of Platoon Seven in this boat looked toward him.  "The mainland is being searched for the leader of the traitors, Van Rhue!  Your fellow Leonan soldiers have their tasks there!  That leaves this place for us!  This is Vénéneux!  An island that time forgot!  Even if you've been to other worlds, you've never seen a place like this!"  
The craft's wheels engaged and everyone braced themselves, waiting for it to find purchase on the seafloor.  When it did, it lurched, and the soldiers were thrown about.  After a minute, it came to a stop on the beach and the forward hatch dropped.  Robida stepped out first and watched the other transport lower its hatch ramp.  He moved toward the mist and waved everyone forward.  The soldiers complied, but their eyes were wide with what they saw.
Black pebbles it seemed, not sand, made up the beach.  Volcanic rock, spewed into the sea ages ago formed the land, filling it with carbon and sulfur.  The ocean ate at it, eroding the shores to these small, glassy stones.  The men and women stared at the fog beyond their commander, wondering what other surprises were in store.
Mathis raised his rifle above his head and watched as the soldiers crowded near.  "Our target may be on this island.  If she is, we will find her.  Regardless, know that you are a target, too.  Not only of our enemy, but of nature.  The name of this place is Vénéneux and you know what that means.  Stay together.  Stay in your squads.  This place is small, but not so small that you may not become lost.  There is a peak three clicks to the southwest of our position.  We will reach it by nightfall and establish our camp.  Understood?"
"Yes, sir!"
"Hunters, let's march."
Robida himself had never seen Vénéneux; he had only been told about it.  He read the briefing.  It was hard to imagine that everything was as alien as it was reported, but he would soon see for himself.
At the edge of the mist, a line of tall, green weeds had grown into a kind of fence.  "Foreign" organisms on this island, brought from the mainland by birds and the wind, growing along the beaches because these were the only places on the island with the right kind of soil.  The lieutenant hesitated to touch the plants with his hands, so he removed his long blade and hacked at their bases.  Soon, he and a few other soldiers had created a fairly wide path from the beach to the island's interior and through the ring of weeds which was only a few meters thick.
Wind from the ocean blew over them and the mist began to part.  Mathis walked through the green fence first and emerged inside.  The fog slowly peeled away before his eyes and he beheld a landscape unlike any other.  
There were no trees to be seen.  No green plants of any kind.  Black boulders and spikes of obsidian reached up from the ground in places, but tall, smooth spires of white dominated the view.  Great structures, conical but with rounded tops, rose nearly eight meters from the black ground beneath them.  A few among the things had something akin to a branch.  Arms that reached outward at odd angles, likewise smooth and pale.  
Sergeant Vaux stepped next to the lieutenant and carefully ran her fingertips over the surface of one of the white pillars.  "Mushrooms?"  Robida only nodded.  He scanned the horizon again for something recognizable but saw nothing.  "Is that the peak there?"
Mathis followed Vaux's finger toward a small black mound in the distance and said, "That's it.  Stay alert."
The platoon descended the slope and soon they were surrounded by the fungus towers.  Their heads jerked upward at the call of a distant bird unknown to them.  Warmed by the dormant volcano beneath and humid thanks to the nature of the air currents and moisture here, the soldiers began to sweat profusely.  They wiped their brows and faces on their sleeves.  Some brushed their bare arms against the mushroom trees, and spores were unwittingly absorbed into their skin.
There were clusters of bright red and blue mushrooms around the base of the towers and a few of the soldiers stooped to get a better look.  They saw that the black ground around them was fuzzy with mold and one private believed he saw tiny insects crawling on the mushrooms.  He was right.  The mites lived in the mold and, as the soldiers traipsed through it, they were climbing onto their boots.
The ground descended again and the soldiers followed it, going deeper into a more humid part of the island.  Here, the fungus spires were shorter, but the ground was covered with a thicker layer of mold.  It brushed against their legs like grass, driving more of the mites onto the men and women.  The mold changed the air quality, too, and the lieutenant blinked quickly to try and free himself of the effect.
He looked down at the ground and saw the grey strands of mold about everyone's feet.  He began to cough and saw several others do the same.  "The air," he muttered.  "Double time!  Out of this ravine!"
The soldiers began to run.  A few, dizzied, knocked into the mushroom towers.  A couple of soldiers fell into the mold fluff and scrambled back to their feet.  Out of the depression and among the tall spires again, the platoon paused to catch their breath.  Three soldiers, though, were still inside and couldn't climb.  
A sergeant looked down at them and saw that their faces were reddened and their eyes swollen shut.  One began to froth at the mouth and fell back to the ground. 
"Lieutenant!"
Robida ran to the side and looked down.  Now all three were on the ground and twitching as seizures claimed them.  "My gods."
"What do we do?"
Mathis turned, "Medic!"
"Lieutenant," the sergeant said, "that's Bazin right there."  He looked again and saw that one of them was wearing a white armband.  "Can we help them?"
One of the three stopped convulsing and went still.  Then another.  "I don't believe so."  Corporal Bazin died last, all three of them highly allergic to these alien molds and their mites.  He took off his cap and faced the distraught soldiers near him.  "They're gone."  He put his cap on again and walked toward the front of his unit, noting that two others were reddened and scratching at themselves.
They walked for almost an hour and eight other soldiers began to react after their exposure to the mold.  They stumbled, bumping into the mushroom towers.  Soon, the spires around them began to spot.  Robida stopped and looked at the one nearest him.  What had been a pale white tower of fungus now showed several purple blotches across its tall face.  They brightened and enlarged.  The network of mycelium communicated to the towers that animals were near and they changed their colors to attract the animals to their more mature spores.  The lizards native to Vénéneux would have gladly eaten the purple spots, but they were in hibernation.
"What does that mean?" Sergeant Vaux asked.
"I don't know, but I don't like it.  Hurry forward!"
They were barely halfway to the black mound.  The lieutenant ran around a group of towers with branches and then saw open space between himself and the black rock peak a little over a kilometer away.  He smiled and said, "No mushrooms there."
"No, sir."
He looked back at his platoon and watched as they ran toward him, skidding to a stop.  One man, delirious from his allergic reaction, stumbled into one of the spires and there was the sound of a wet crack as its base ruptured and fell against another.  Both toppled across the path and their height caused them to break against the tops of other towers nearby.  Heavy white chunks of fungus and purple clouds dropped onto the soldiers.  Once they cleared their eyes and looked at the pieces around them, they saw that the mushroom trees were filled with cavities.  In them, blue-gray lizards were disturbed from their slumber and awoke, angry.  Pushing themselves out of their holes with a coiled tail, they leapt at the soldiers and snapped at them.  Though only ten centimeters long, the tiny creatures had wide mouths and sharp teeth.  They pierced the fabric of the uniforms and broke the skin.  Their serrated teeth were made for shredding the dense fungus that constituted their homes and food supply, and each crevice on their teeth contained more of the poisonous spores.
"Into the field!" Robida yelled.  A private sliced her leg open on the edge of an obsidian boulder and stumbled as she bled.  He leapt over the black rock and found himself in the open, walking across a plain of gray dust and black pebbles.  He trotted backward, watching his men and women fighting to get free of the mushroom trees and their inhabitants.  As they did, they grabbed the lizards and threw them back into the towers.  In the sunlight, he easily saw the purple spore residue and red blood on the faces of his platoon.  Many were limping and injured, but most were coughing, wheezing, and somewhat dazed.  "We're almost there.  One kilometer."
After speaking loudly, he realized he was having trouble breathing.  He coughed and removed his cap.  A cloud of purple dust fell from him and he began to pat and brush his head and uniform.  More spores fell away and he reached toward his canteen.  When he brought the water to his mouth, he noticed that the ground had become bouncy.
He raised his hand and the platoon stopped moving.  Still, the momentum of their steps continued into the ground and he felt it continue to sway as the energy decayed.  He turned and looked at the sergeant as he jumped up and down, feeling the bounce.
"What is that?" Vaux asked.
"I don't know."  He turned and began to walk again.  Soon, they neared the middle of the field and the motion of the ground beneath them was more pronounced.  With each step, he became more fearful.
"Greetings!" someone yelled from far ahead.  The platoon readied their rifles and dropped to one knee.  "Lieutenant, you are in a dangerous position!"
"Are you Van Rhue?!"
"I am!"
"You are ordered to surrender!"
"I will not!"  Robida prepared to turn to the sergeant to order mortar deployment, but she continued, "If you listen to me, lieutenant, I can save your soldiers' lives!"  He squinted and looked at the black rock ahead.  There were a few outcroppings where she might be, but she certainly couldn't be hiding enough fighters to kill them.  "Spread your men out, turn due south, now, and walk to the edge of the mushroom forest!  Stay on the edge and you will find your way back to the beach!"
"We're not leaving without you!"
"As you wish!"
Mathis saw a single shape thrown into the air from the hill and he shouted, "Incoming!"  The grenade missed, however, and exploded ten meters away from the Leonan soldiers.  He looked toward the hill again and saw nothing else.  No more grenades.  No rifle shots.
The grenade, however, had torn the thick, fleshy, fungal mat that surrounded the mound.  The split went from the explosion right to the weight of the platoon.  The dust covering and skin of the enormous fungus collapsed, dropping the eighty soldiers nearly a meter and filling the air around them with a thick cloud of black spores.  They coughed and clambered toward even ground.  Several made it, including the lieutenant.
Robida lay there on the edge of the tear in the fungal mat, staring into the sky.  He breathed and felt as if he were trying to gasp air through a tube full of marbles.  He felt it jostling in his chest, and with each breath he took, he found that it was less than the one before.  
III
RHUE
1,783 Years After Colonization

They camped on the obsidian hill of Vénéneux, facing the southeast toward the ocean from which the prevailing winds blew, keeping the dangerous spores away from the hillside.  On the other faces of the mountain, black fungus grew in the cracks and crevices of the volcanic glass, just as deadly as everything else in this place.
Their tents, such as they were, were glossy and black.  The struts that held them up were designed to be quickly kicked out so the fabric could collapse and shield them from prying eyes.  Much as they had done days ago when Leonan planes flew overhead.  
Van sat under the fabric of her shelter, writing in her book as she had for much of the last several weeks.  The narrowness of her escape, first from the capital and then from the villages after it, convinced her she needed to memorialize her opinions on society and politics.
"President," a soldier said from down the slope.  "He's back."
She didn't look up from her writing.  "Good.  Send him to me."  
A few moments later, Louis Khong, a former officer in the Scorpian military, carefully navigated the sharp outcroppings of rock and knelt at the entrance of her shelter.  "President."
"General."  She looked up and saw him holding a small basket.  "Fish?"
"Only a few."  He looked down the mound and said, "Our rations are low."
"Just as well."  She wrote again.  "The Lions found us."
Louis' eyes widened and he put his hand on his pistol.  "When?"
"An hour or so ago.  The island took care of them."
A soldier to the side said, "A single platoon.  Most died on the Black Floor."
"It ruptured under their weight?" Khong asked.
"And a grenade, yes."  Rhue looked up again and said, "Still, seeing them told me several things."  The general said nothing and waited to hear.  "We may still be wanted for our crimes, but the Leonans lose heart in the search, nor are they confident of my whereabouts.  Also, the Leonans' resources dwindle.  Despite their use of MPFs against our people from time to time, these soldiers were dispatched by clouds of spores and not a one used a mask."  Louis said nothing.  "They didn't have them, otherwise, unless they were complete fools, they would have used them."
"The Lions are not fools," Khong said.
She nodded.  "It strengthens my belief that we are in the right."  She closed the book and slid it and other things into her satchel.  "An institution that does not adequately prepare or care for its workers is not worthy of support.  This is especially true of militaries."
The general looked toward her journal.  "Is that in the book?"
"I paraphrased it."  She slipped the strap over her head and said, "Shall we go?"

Days later, their boats arrived on the shores of the mainland, hundreds of kilometers east of the capital, Celeste.  The thirty men and women marched through the jungle, bearing west for a small village where they knew they would find aid and support.  They climbed one of the hills and made their way through a natural net of hanging vines.  The soldiers kept their knives out and ready; the great root adders of the north jungle waited for animals to become entangled in those vines.  When no snakes appeared, they sheathed their weapons and continued on.
As they descended the hill, they saw a field of wheat through the trees.  Van stepped away from the group and went nearer, looking to see where they were.  Khong and the others came to her and the general said, "This isn't Pessang."
"No," she said.  To their surprise, she walked out of the jungle and into the field.
She waded through the golden stalks toward the huts on the horizon.  Workers were nearby, but they had stopped working in the midday sun and had a drink under an enormous leaning umbrella.  Behind her, Khong and two other soldiers walked quickly toward her.
"President," Louis said, "we should not be here."
She stopped and faced him.  She was quite a bit shorter than he, but her attitude added to her physical stature.  Her black hair was pulled back to her crown and placed in a bun, while two precise strands hung from it to the base of her neck.  Her cheekbones were prominent and no wrinkles crossed her face despite her age.  "We should be where the people are.  I saw no Leonans.  None of the military.  I see only workers and the opportunity to spread our message."  She turned and walked toward the resting people again and Khong gave hand signals to the remainder of their party in the jungle.
One of the older men waved a straw fan under his chin and squinted as he looked at the approaching woman.  "Where've you come from?"
"The trees," she said.
"Obviously."
She lowered her head toward the three people.  "May I share the shade of your umbrella for a moment?"
"You may," a woman said.
"Thank you."  She stepped forward and crossed her legs as she sat on the grass between two wheat fields.  Now in the shade, she blinked and looked across their faces.  "For whom do you toil?"
A younger man pointed toward the village and said, "Mr. Serres.  He owns a few of the fields 'round here."
"Yeah," the woman said, "but he's got a deal with Valley Goods.  They buy most of it."
Van nodded.  "So you do not enjoy the fruits of your own labors?"
They hesitated and the old man said, "Not most of it, no.  Only some of it stays in town."
"Not enough," a young man grumbled.
Rhue faced him and smiled.  "'Not enough.'  Would you say the institutions of Scorpia have failed you?  The government?  The privately held companies which supposedly sustain you?"
"I would," the woman said.
"Careful," the old man leaned forward, "Mr. Serres doesn't like Natty talk.  He's friendly with people in Celeste."
"Of course he is.  He is a member of the privileged class, using the sweat of the people to enrich himself further.  To feed himself while you remain hungry."  The woman and young man nodded.  "The work you do, the precious, limited time of your life that you spend in these fields, is a sacrifice.  A sacrifice that you make so that your family may eat and enjoy themselves.  Wouldn't it be better if your sacrifice benefitted all people equally and not the privileged few, which does not include yourselves?"
"It's a nice thought," the old man said as he stood, "but things will not change."
The others stood, too, and Rhue said, from the ground, "They will not change if we make no effort to change them."  The trio walked back into the wheat and resumed their work.
Several minutes later, Van rejoined her people in the jungle.  Louis looked toward the workers who were examining the wheat and picking weeds and insects from around the stalks.  "What did they say?"
Rhue had been in thought since she left the umbrella.  Finally, she looked at Khong and answered, "They need proof."
IV
DUPUIS
1,783 Years After Colonization

He wiped his mouth with the cloth napkin and stood up from the table.  A servant dressed in white stepped away from the wall and began to gather the dishes.  Still chewing, Alban said, "Tell Corine it was delicious."
He bowed, "I will, sir."
The chief of state walked toward his desk and he stood behind it, waiting for the old man to depart with the plates.  When he did, he sat and pulled papers toward himself.  Seeing the numbers, he sighed.
Not enough for the granaries of Melun and Rodez, again.  Leonan companies flourished on Scorpia, contracting with peasant farmers and landowners for their crops, leaving too little for the people themselves.  Our taxes no longer go to Leonis, yet still they tax us.
The door opened and a familiar figure stalked across the long office.
And now I am taxed.  He stood and smiled, "Welcome back to Celeste, Madam Barbet."
The young woman in a purple jumpsuit wiped her face and then fanned herself with the cloth.  "I feel as though I never left."  Enora grabbed the back of a chair and pulled it to the front of Dupuis' desk.  "What is the latest?"
He gestured at the papers, "Disappointing food numbers."
She shook her head.  "No, the search for Rhue."
"I've heard nothing.  When last we spoke of this, the Leonan military was taking the lead."
"And so they did.  Months of searching with thousands of soldiers and nothing to show for it.  Save only dead, uncooperative villagers and a lost platoon on Vénéneux."
His eyes widened, "An entire platoon?"  Then he shrugged and said, "On that island, I suppose I am not surprised."
"Our planes continue to search for her, but it is pointless here.  The jungles are too thick."
"No one would weep if they were burned," he said.
"That would cost money, Mr. Dupuis, and Leonis is not interested in spending more on this place."
"I had believed that Argentum made any such expenditures simply part of the investment."
She dabbed at her neck.  "You believed incorrectly."  She folded the cloth and put it in her pocket.  "I understand there was a work stoppage and protest this morning?  At the rail station?"
"There was.  Briefly.  Everyone was arrested."
"Institutionalists?" 
He shook his head.  "No.  Angry workers, upset at poor pay and long hours."  She grunted.  "The interrogation continues.  They will be charged and jailed for the protest and lose their jobs.  Nothing more."
"There are too many stoppages lately."  Barbet raised her finger, as she often did when lecturing, "Too many for the Natties to not have a hand in it."
"I share your suspicions, madam, but our police have found no connection.  No literature …"  
"Your police are poor, Mr. Dupuis."  He didn't react.  "Van Rhue could be here, under your very nose, and you would not notice."
"As you say, madam."
She rolled her eyes.  "You try too hard to placate me."  
"If I may placate you further," he leaned back in the chair, "my chef today made a magnificent roasted pheasant."
"The crested pheasant?"  He nodded and she shook her head.  "It doesn't agree with me.  Too spicy."
Alban chuckled, "It is naturally spicy."
"How can that be so?  I have had meat from half-a-dozen worlds and I've never had any that was 'naturally' spicy."
"Blue peppers are their primary diet, so I'm told, and that's why the meat is so flavorful."
"Ridiculous."
A military aide entered the room and shut the door behind himself.  He speed-walked to the chief of state's desk and handed him a note.  Dupuis read as the young man departed.
"QUANBOURG: food stores raided.  One soldier killed; six injured.  Enemy escaped into jungle.  HOA-SUR-LAC: food stores raided.  Two soldiers killed; three injured.  Enemy escaped into jungle."
Two towns, near each other, here in the west.  He thought again of placating her.  Keeping his mouth straight with a slight smile.  His eyes showed no alarm.  He put the note down and crossed his arms over his chest.  She will find out eventually.
"What is it?" she asked.
His expression didn't change.  "Two granaries were raided last night.  Three soldiers killed."
"What?" Enora sat up and glared at him.  "Leonan soldiers or Scorpian?"
"Scorpian, I suppose.  This doesn't say and I don't believe there were any of your soldiers at these small towns."
"Oh," her outrage diminished and she relaxed.  "What are you going to do?"
"That depends, does it not, on the perpetrators?"  Barbet didn't respond.  "If these were National Institutionalists, would the Leonan military pursue them?"
She sensed that he was about to ask for her help.  "Perhaps."
Dupuis nodded.  "As of this moment, I cannot say.  So, I will meet with the Committee and dispatch our own soldiers."
She stood and glowered.  "That's for the best."  She turned and stalked out.
He looked at his desk again and sighed.  I wish I might retire to the beach.  If only they would allow me.
V
RHUE
1,783 Years After Colonization

In the shade of the edge of the jungle, among the long, green grass, the people of Colmar prepared to feast.  A man stirred rice and water with a large paddle in a giant metal pot over a fire, a woman used a large mortar and pestle to grind sauteed vegetables into paste, and a group of people removed the stems from chilis and the skins from fruits.  A woman poured a platter of marinated wild pheasant – not the rarer, piquant crested sort – into a kettle of bubbling oil and spices.  Children sang and played at the periphery of it all while Van spoke to the village elders and its citizens.
"Today, Colmar eats.  And Quanbourg.  And Hoa and Niort.  From just two storehouses, enough food was taken to feed them all.  And not just for today."  She looked across their faces, the old and the young.  More than a few were distracted by the smells coming from the pots.  "The food we took was not meant for the people of those towns.  Not the workers.  Inside every storehouse, there is a locked door.  The food you have was behind lock and key, with a guard at that door.  The hidden secret of Scorpia's granaries is that the privileged have their own, and their supplies are far greater and more varied than yours."
Several of the people grumbled and nodded.  The mayor put his hands together and bowed toward her.  "President, we thank you again for this food we are about to eat, and the food you have given us to last the coming days."
"You are very welcome."
"I fear," he said as he raised his head, "that the army will come for us.  They will come for you first, and then they will see that we are fed."
"I understand your fear."  She scanned the crowd and saw that the old man wasn't alone.  She stepped aside and looked behind her toward the happy people preparing the meal.  Children laughed as they tore large leaves from a branch to be used as plates in a little while.  "Do you see this?  The joy of your people?  Are you warmed by the knowledge that they will be fed?"  She turned back and said, "The institutions of Scorpia or Leonis did not do this for you.  The people of Scorpia did this for you.  And you can do this for yourselves and your fellow Scorpians."  She raised her head and planted her hands on her waist.  "Who among you would not fight to preserve this moment?  To preserve your families and those of your neighbors?  Do not think that I have come to you with a handful of soldiers and carts to carry our spoils."  She shook her head.  "The people of Scorpia number in the millions and their might is greater than any force the failed institutions can muster against us."  Several younger people were steeled by this and nodded enthusiastically.  Others still appeared skeptical.  "I ask you to consider it as you eat and enjoy the day."
She watched the hundreds of people of Colmar squatting on the ground or sitting on logs, eating their fill.  They thanked her profusely, bowing before her and calling her "Auntie Rhue."  Now, she was sitting alone under a tree, holding a nearly empty green leaf, smeared with the pheasant's sauce and a few stray grains of rice.  It was delicious, but perhaps too much for her as she suspected the onset of heartburn.  Her chest tightened and she cleared her throat a few times and took deep breaths.  Finally, she stood and began to walk.
The jungle was close and she listened to the distant cries of a barbed howler monkey.  A breeze caused the limbs to sway and the soothing sound of the large leaves brushing against each other calmed her.  She exhaled through pursed lips and the pain in her chest passed.  When she turned to face Colmar again, she saw a man in a green uniform on horseback riding toward her.
"President!" he cried.  Many of the villagers looked warily at the man, but they were put at ease when he saluted her.  "I've come from the highway!"
Rhue said, "Catch your breath, sergeant."
He bowed toward her and took only two deep ones before he said, "Scorpian forces moving south on the highway … One full regiment, no armor, no cavalry.  Possibly two days distant from Quanbourg."
While he panted, she nodded and thought.  "Thank you, sergeant.  General Khong is in Quanbourg, yes?"
"He is.  He is aware of this news."
"Are the soldiers from Hoa and Niort moving toward Quanbourg now?"
"There are other messengers being dispatched to those towns.  If they have not yet arrived, they will soon."
"Good.  We will follow General Khong's plan and depart for Quanbourg within the hour."  She pointed toward the feasting citizens and said, "Please, join us for a meal.  Rest yourself and your horse while you are able."
He saluted again and smiled, "Yes, president."
Slowly, she walked back to the people as the sergeant made his bowing introductions.  He let the children pet the horse as he brought it near a pan of water and turned to find a woman offering him a leaf-plate of food.
Van found the mayor sitting with his wife.  They were surrounded by many of the same people she had been speaking with earlier.  "I have received word that members of the Scorpian military are moving south to Quanbourg.  I and my soldiers will be departing shortly."
The mayor began to stand but he had nothing to grab onto.  Finally, his arms went slack and he said, "I understand, president, and we wish you good luck."
"Thank you, but I would like to extend an invitation."  She looked toward the younger people within earshot.  "Those among you who might wish to fight, join us.  Those among you who wish to come and observe, to see the true power of the people of Scorpia, join us.  I would only ask that, when you return, you spread the news of what you witness."
"I will go, Auntie Rhue!" one woman said.  
"Then ready yourself."
A while later, her thirty men and women gathered their things and departed on their horses and carts.  Four citizens of Colmar decided to accept her invitation to observe.

Among the trees in the thick jungle, great roots rose up from the soil, creating bent wooden fingers where Van Rhue sat with the dozen or so observers.  High in the branches above and around, her many snipers lay in wait.  Many more soldiers were nearby and out of sight.  The highway two hundred meters away was aged and broken apart by the expansion of the forest's trees.  It would be a perfect chokepoint for the passing military.
"President," a woman from Niort whispered as she lay on the ground, "if these are Scorpian forces, why do you fight them?"
Her head was nestled in the crook of one of the tree's roots.  "You ask a fair question.  The majority of the Scorpian Army knows the stance of our party, yet they continue to serve.  Those who are not aware are still marching toward the villages of Scorpia, arms in hand, and are prepared to kill the people there.  By being a willing weapon of the state against its people, they are the enemy, not just of the Party, but of the people, too."
A man from Colmar slowly sat up and looked toward the south.  "I do not understand why they march.  The road is old and damaged, I see that, so they cannot use trucks, but why do they not use horses?"
Van smiled.  "The failed institutions of Scorpia by way of Leonis decreed that the Army be modernized, so horses were, in large part, done away with.  Yet they lack a sufficient supply of vehicles and a reliable supply of petrol, so no vehicles, land or air, will be accompanying them."
The man shook his head, "Shortsighted."
"Indeed."
A woman from Hoa-sur-Lac opened her mouth to speak, but they heard a distant whistle in the style of a jungle bird.  Rhue raised her hand to quiet the visitors and she slowly looked out from under one of the spindly dark wooden roots.  In the distance, she saw the first squads of Scorpian forces approach.
She whispered, "Remain low to the ground."  She watched as the column of soldiers continued their march into the jungle along the highway.  Even from this distance, she could see that most of them had their rifles raised and they were nervously scanning the forest for attackers.
Van faced the observers again.  "See how the state has corrupted even these Scorpians.  They march along the road, as they were ordered, when they know they are surrounded by the jungle.  The failed institutions have wiped their minds of reason, to their doom."
She put her hand over her mouth and looked back at the Army regiment.  They were closer.  Soon, they were even with the president and the non-combatants.  Once at least half of the column was on the uneven ground of the distorted highway, she sat up from under the root and pressed her back and head against the tree trunk.  She faced the sky, cupped her hand around her mouth, and mimicked the loud cry of a barbed howler monkey.
Immediately, her soldiers fired into the group, targeting the regiment's colonel, as well as its majors, captains, and lieutenants.  In the shock and confusion as the officers fell, the snipers aimed and fired again, killing many sergeants.  
The Scorpian Army then began blindly firing into the trees.  Nonplussed, the hidden assailants manipulated the bolts on their weapons and fired again.  Groups of soldiers tried to establish a machine gun nest, but they were quickly dispatched, too.  Now in a screaming panic, the remaining servicemen fled.  Many turned back to the north and ran down the highway.  Some continued ahead south.  Some even ran into the surrounding jungle.  Khong's soldiers, split in two, caught the deserters as they ran in both directions on the highway.  The firefight was intense and quick.  The unlucky few who ran into the woods to seek shelter were killed by the snipers who never lost sight of them.
In less than ten minutes, more than eight hundred Scorpian soldiers lay dead or dying.  
Van walked from her place among the roots with the observers in tow.  She found Khong standing by a stack of bodies with his hands on his belt, surveying the carnage.  He saw the president approach and he smiled, "All of this, with barely one hundred soldiers of our own."
"It was a good plan, general," she said.
He bowed toward her.  "Thank you, president."
Rhue turned toward the jungle and saw a soldier, bound, being brought out from behind a tree.  "How many prisoners?"
"Not many," Louis said.  "Most are wounded."
She looked at the pile of corpses and thought about adding to it.  Then, she had a different thought, and she looked up into the trees.  "General, gather the prisoners and the bodies and hang them all above the road.  I want there to be several kilometers of the highway with bodies swinging above and the stones below to be painted with their dripping blood."
"Yes, president."
"Then fashion two signs to be posted at the north and south ends of the display.  Have them read," she paused in thought, "'Enemies of the people.'"
"It will be done, president."
As the general turned away and ordered rope, Rhue went to the observers and clasped her hands in front of herself.  "Now that this task is finished, we will return you to your homes."
"Thank you, president," a woman from Quanbourg said.  "This has been impressive."
The woman from Niort seemed concerned and her gaze hadn't left the prisoners.  "President, why are the prisoners to be killed," she looked into the trees, "and hung?"
Van nodded and said, "They would not have hesitated to do the same to your village.  Or yours," she looked at someone else.  "If you are asking, 'Why am I cruel?'" the woman lowered her head, "I take no offense.  Instead, I will answer by saying Scorpia and Leonis have made us so.  Have you heard of Tenhville?"  She shook her head.  "Or Metz?  You may be too young to recall the destruction of Metz.  The town that is there now came after the Leonans slaughtered its people.  With the aid of complicit Scorpians.  And there is Argentum and its silver mines.  The lives of our people are spent without a care in their depths."  The woman from Niort nodded a little.  "They have denied us our freedoms and lives for so long, we must fight for them.  And the fight is brutal."
A man from Colmar smiled and said, "You are very powerful, Auntie Rhue."
She put her hand on his shoulder.  "The more people you tell, the more people you convince to join us, the more powerful we will all be."
VI
BARBET
1,783 Years After Colonization

The air was foul and smelled of oil and metal.  The ceiling was low.  If she reached up, her fingers could touch it, but she wouldn't dare because she was certain it would be filthy.  The lighting was dim and strained her eyes.  
If the Union is to invest in such a place, she thought, I would have them invest a bit more to make it palatable.
She heard the clamping of latches and a light shifted from red to green.  Then, the large hatch before her slid open.  There was a slight breeze and cooler, cleaner air blew over her face.  A tall man in a velvet black suit entered, wearing a fine hat.  When its crown brushed against the ceiling, he removed it.  As he did, he scanned her plain gray suit.  "Administrator Barbet, I presume."
"Deputy Minister Carre," she bowed to him.  "Welcome to Scorpia."
The gray-haired man looked around the chamber and held his hat by his side.  "So to speak.  This is what many millions of livre have bought?"
"In part, minister."  She gestured toward another hatch and he walked ahead of her into it.  They emerged on a catwalk overseeing a storage facility with many large, metal bins.  Only a few were full of rock.  "This is the loading bay.  Airlocks on the far end there are where the transports bring the ore, and here it is stored.  Processing occurs on lower decks."
He nodded and looked for any glint of silver among the bins.  "All of the processing?"
"A large portion.  The aim has been to move as much of the processing away from Argentum as possible.  Space there is limited and the facilities we have there now are tainting the water supply and air.  Bringing the ore here also reduces the likelihood of theft."
"Is enough silver harvested to make this orbital facility worthwhile?"
Enora smirked, "You may know better than myself, minister.  While I know our output, I am not privy to all of Leonis' expenditures."
Carre nodded and walked down the catwalk to the opposite end where he went through another hatch.  He found himself in a corridor outside of the loading bay's control room.  "This cannot be all.  The other half of the station …"
"It is still, largely, under construction.  Within a year, perhaps, there will be multiple airlocks by the cargo holds for the loading and unloading of supplies and goods."  The minister lowered his head and sighed.  "This will save a great deal of time for all of the Leonan vessels and other traders who come to Scorpia, as they will not have to make planetfall.  Deputy minister, what is the matter?"
He looked at her through the side of his vision and said, "I fear we must have a difficult conversation."
"Then let us have it and put the difficulty behind us."
He straightened and turned toward her.  "Very well."  He cleared his throat and lowered his voice, "The National Institutionalists."
Now she sighed.  "Yes, minister."
"Have they been routed?"
"To a degree, perhaps, but their leaders remain at large and they still have support among the people."
"Scorpia's Central Committee now leads the effort?"
"They do, and they fail."  Barbet licked her lips and only then realized how dry the air was.  "Just last month, they lost an entire regiment."  The minister's eyes widened.  "The chief of state asked for my assistance afterward and I denied him."
"Good.  We do not need more reports of our soldiers burning villages.  Descriptions of dead children and innocent farmers."
She nodded.  "Of course."
"Such news in the last year has soured relations among the colonies and in the Coalition, impotent, though it may be."
Enora rolled her eyes.  "Frak the Coalition."
"Indeed, but there are … businesses on other colonies who are wary of trading with Scorpia and even Leonis so long as such strife continues."
"Well, to hopefully prevent future problematic news reports, we have expelled foreign journalists from Scorpia."
"I know," Carre said, "and that has caused some discontent, as well."
Genuinely surprised, Barbet asked, "Really?"
"Yes."
"I see." 
"Beyond even our business interests, the president is concerned about the effect our involvement here is having at home.  The people tire of sending soldiers here.  They tire of hearing the word 'Scorpia.'"
"I empathize," she groaned.
"Use the Leonan forces here only to advise Scorpians.  If they continue to fail, that is their issue.  Advise them as best as you might until they succeed."
So much for a reprieve.  "Yes, minister."
"Ah," he almost smiled.  "That wasn't as difficult as I feared.  Now, I believe I was promised a dinner at the palace?"
VII
DUPUIS & BARBET
1,784 Years After Colonization

The first day of the new year.  Not according to Scorpia's calendar, of course.  Their year was a few days longer than Leonis' calendar, but because they rule, today marked the start of a new year.  
Elites from all over Scorpia flocked to Celeste for the festivities, as did locals from nearby villages and traders who hoped to sell their wares to either the public or to businesses trying to please larger-than-normal crowds.  Tables filled the streets in between restaurants and colored lanterns were strung between buildings, glowing brightly after the setting of the sun.  In the moments leading to midnight, bands would play and people would sing loudly and badly, on purpose, to force mischievous gods and agents of ill fortune away from the new year.  
Chief of State Alban Dupuis was not immune to tradition and, in fact, when it came to ones that involved feasting and revelry, he was happy to participate.  Tables and tents were erected in the square outside the palace.  Bands played at opposite ends of the lane and hundreds danced and ate and drank in between.  In the darkness of the night, warm colors from the lanterns above shone down on them all.  He mingled among the many invitees, including the CEO of Scorpian Silver, the Leonan company contracted to mine in Argentum, and the owner of one of the companies that built the orbital station.  He looked around for the Leonan advisor, Enora Barbet, but she was nowhere to be seen.
Just as well.  She would've put a damper on things.  Alban shook the hand of the Leonan colonel, commander of the regiment assigned to Celeste.  Soldiers content to let us do the work of finding the Natties.  He couldn't complain too much.  Despite a few storehouse raids, the Institutionalists had been quiet for the last four months.
"Mr. Dupuis!" a woman called out from another table.
He turned in his customary white suit, holding the sauced rib of a lamb, and smiled before he realized who it was.  "My dear Lady Bourguignon."  He held the rib up to indicate that he couldn't shake hands.  "I hope you are well!"
"I am," she slid her chair over the cobblestones as best she could.  "I did wish to speak to you about the supply contracts for the Army."
"Oh," he took a bite of meat, "not tonight, my dear.  It is a party!"
"Yes, I know."  She put her hand on the back of his chair, "This is desperately important, however."
Damn.  Bourguignon owned a series of farms and contracts with a dozen peasant landowners, allowing her to reap many tons of grain and other goods each harvest.  She was insistent on being the official supplier for the Army.  He put the rib on his plate and picked up the napkin from his lap.  As he dabbed at his lips, he heard the loud sound of a rattle from the nearest bandstand.  Then the drums began and the horns.  Wild and dissonant, this meant midnight was just moments away.
"Oh!  It is almost time!"  He stood and began to clap his hands.  "See me in a few days!"  He walked away and toward the stage, not giving her a chance to respond.  He pressed close with several other people who had already started to sing.  Their warble was piercing from the start and a woman with them doubled over in laughter.  Once the band was fully involved with each player playing something different and striking all of the wrong tones, the people began to jump and clap, yelling and screeching their own tunes.  It became a frenzy of noise and Dupuis was beginning to feel his age.  He stopped yelling, but he kept bouncing up and down on his feet, clapping his hands loudly as he did.  Fireworks began to explode at the periphery and the people bouncing around him began to jostle him.  Then he heard screaming.  He saw smoke on the stage and players in the band diving off and into the crowd.
Those were not fireworks.
He turned and looked around the square for some sign of the Army or the assailants.  People began to run and the moving swarm knocked over the dining tables and several guests.  In the confusion after a strand of lanterns was pulled from above, he saw a pair of people with guns near the palace doors, firing into the crowd.  
He stooped low and walked as quickly as he could in the opposite direction.  A flurry of people ran around him and he saw people on the ground, struggling to crawl away.  Lady Bourguignon was one of them.  He was looking at her dress, now covered in dirt and footprints, when someone accidentally kicked her in the head as they ran by.  He flinched and turned away.  Then he stood and began to run, too.

The noise outside the Leonan embassy had gotten intolerable.  Barbet tossed aside her pen and got up from her desk.  She sighed and looked out of the window and down to the streets of Celeste.  Tables and partygoers filled every bit of the illuminated space below, and, for a moment, she wished she had gone to avail herself of the food and drink.  Maybe even some of the fun.  For a moment.  It passed.
The musicians began their caterwauling, the people began to jump and scream, and she shook her head.  She turned away from the window and then heard gunshots.  She stopped, her eyes wide, and wondered if what she heard was so.  She heard more gunshots and then screaming.  Enora leaned against the wall and surreptitiously looked down to the street, where she saw hundreds of people running and fleeing for their lives.  The gunshots continued and she stormed out of her office.
She strode past the guard at the top of the stairs on her floor and waved toward him.  "With me."  He followed immediately and she walked down to the next level.  She gathered every soldier she saw and finally emerged on the first floor of the embassy.  She walked toward the duty officer at the main desk and said, "Signal all soldiers, …"
An explosion interrupted her.  The wooden doors shook and then splintered apart.  A Leonan guard fell inside, dead.  The soldiers she brought down with her took aim with their rifles and fired, dropping three Scorpian terrorists.  Barbet ducked low and then behind the officer's desk as more of the Scorpians streamed inside and began to throw grenades.
One landed near the group of soldiers and exploded.  Four of the men and women were blown aside, unconscious and severely wounded.  Another grenade landed behind the officer's desk next to Barbet, but she saw it as it landed, grabbed it, and threw it back.  It exploded near the entrance, killing two Scorpians.  The duty officer stood and began to fire with his pistol but more of the assailants entered and shot.  The older sergeant fell to the floor, dead.
With her back pressed against the inside of the desk, she heard the footsteps of several Scorpians in the lobby nearby.  She ground her teeth and thought about what to do next.

The paths away from the palace were blocked with burning carts and advancing gunmen.  Bodies filled the square and Dupuis ducked lower to move among the toppled tables and cowering guests.  He came to a stop at one point between the legs of an overturned chair and he looked down into the face of the Leonan colonel, dead.  He scanned the woman's body and didn't see any weapon on her side, not even a ceremonial sword.
The gunfire began to slow and the screaming had come to a stop.  Alban looked around as carefully as he could and saw that those who remained had been corralled to the center of the square and a ring of assailants drew nearer.
"Alban Dupuis!"
His heart stopped and he closed his eyes.
"Chief of state of Scorpia!"  A man kept the butt of his rifle against his shoulder and scanned the huddled, whimpering crowd.  "Coward of the Central Committee!  Puppet of Leonis!"  A man tried to run from the center toward the palace doors.  Three of the gunmen fired and his body skidded across the cobblestones and into the wall.  After the echo of the gunshots faded, he continued, "Slave of the institutions that have failed us all!"
Natties.  He could've guessed, but this was, at least, confirmation.  A woman under a table less than a meter away stared at him.  Her eyes were wide and pleading, her cheeks wet with tears.  Quivering, her mouth formed a word without a sound.
"Surrender."
Dupuis swallowed hard and slowly shook his head.  She blinked and began to look from side to side.  She's going to tell them …

Enora faced a close wall and listened as a Scorpian walked around to the rear of the desk.  When she saw his feet, she leapt for them, pulling them out from under him, and took his rifle.  With a swift pair of jabs to the face, the young man went unconscious.
"Tre?"
Shit.  Not so alone as she had thought.  She slid out from under the desk and stood.  Immediately, she fired at the nearest Scorpians, striking two before the rest raised their own weapons.  She fired one more time and then noticed that the magazine's metal base was protruding from the breach.  She relaxed, knowing the rifle was empty.
"Wait!" one of the Scorpians said as they regrouped and took aim.  She stepped nearer and squinted.  "Administrator Enora Barbet?"
She worked the bolt and the empty base fell to the marble floor.  After she dropped the rifle, she said, "I am."
The woman nodded.  "You know how to shoot well."
"It's a Leonan rifle.  Of course I do."
"Surrender to us and no other Leonan will get hurt."
"Frak your mother."
The woman's eyes flamed and she stomped toward Barbet.  After a quick kick to the knee brought the administrator down, the rebel grabbed her hair and dragged her across the floor.
There was a commotion outside and gunshots.  A pair of Scorpian soldiers appeared in the doorway and the insurgents killed them.  A few more appeared and they were quickly dispatched as well.  Their sacrifice, however, was enough of a distraction to allow a small group of Leonan soldiers to descend the stairs and take aim.  Enora kicked and thrashed one last time before a simultaneous blast of six rifles took out every terrorist in sight.  
Barbet sat on the floor, running her fingers through her hair and checking for blood.  She found none, but her fingers were covered in loose strands.  She brushed her hands and took that of a corporal who reached toward her.  "Administrator."
"Thank you."  She stood and surveyed the bodies around her while the rest of the squad dispersed through the first floor and fired on the others they found.  Enora looked down at the body of the female leader and spat a large glob onto her.  "Corporal, once the embassy is secured, grab every soldier you can and meet me here."

"We've checked the dead, Dupuis!  You are still alive!"
He was glaring at the woman while she braced herself to call out.  Finally, as she gripped the top of the table and made ready to stand, he grunted and stood with his arms raised high.  "I am here!"  He turned until he saw the leader and the several guns pointed at him.  "I am here."
"Chief of state."  He didn't lower the weapon.  "Come out here.  In the open."
With his hands still up, he stepped around the fallen chair and walked the ten or so meters to the leader.  Alban looked around as he walked and counted more than twenty terrorists.
As soon as he was near enough, the man dropped one end of the rifle so the butt would swing forward.  He then followed through with it, pushing the wood into Dupuis' chin.  Dazed, he stumbled back and fell to his knees.  He looked up toward the smiling, bearded man with a bald head.  Alban seemed momentarily hypnotized by the black-white-black stripes of the NIP patch on his attacker's shirt.  The man raised the rifle again and placed the barrel against the chief of state's forehead.  His breathing quickened and he heard a gunshot.  Yet he lived.
More gunshots followed and he dropped to the cobblestone square.  He opened an eye and looked up toward the palace, where he saw Scorpian soldiers leaning from windows, firing at the attackers.  Several returned fire with little luck and then tried to run for the streets away from the palace.  There, they encountered an advancing column of Leonan soldiers who killed them quickly.
Dupuis lay on the street as the gunshots faded and looked around.  He saw soldiers' boots near him and then the familiar shoes of Barbet.
"Get up."  He looked at her and saw her frown.  He awkwardly got to his feet and began to brush the grime from his pants and front.  "What happened here?"  She pointed at his face.
He reached toward his mouth and felt the blood there.  He moved his tongue and felt the sting.  "I bit my tongue."
She looked around as Leonan medics checked the bodies and guests.  "They attacked the embassy, too."
Alban gasped.  "Are you well?"
"I am here."  She faced him and scowled, "What's the status report?"
"I've only just been saved," he looked to the street and pointed at the dead man, "from him."
"Listen."  In the quiet, beyond the moaning and crying of the hurt and frightened guests, there were distant pops and explosions.
"What's that?"
"Enemies at your gates.  These bastards infiltrated the celebrations to weaken you from within while the Natty forces who could not sneak in attack from without."
A Scorpian officer ran toward them and saluted, "Sir.  Rebels also attacked three storehouses and two banks.  They've been looted, sir, and we're hunting down as many of the people as possible."
"Of course," Enora groaned.  "I've called in airstrikes to hit the Natties southeast of the city and armored units are coming up the western pass to deal with the rest."
"Thank you, Madam Barbet."
"Then, I will be leaving Scorpia …"
"Why?"
Annoyed at the interruption, she rolled her eyes toward him and said, "I am traveling to Leonis to demand an escalation."
VIII
RHUE
1,784 Years After Colonization

The soldiers moved through the jungle, slinking from tree to tree.  Advance parties went ahead, scouting their path, and signaled everyone forward.  Hundreds of men and women, some conscripted from the cities and towns the Institutionalists had befriended, were tired, hungry, and wounded.  Half of their number lay dead outside Celeste, their invasion thwarted by the city's guards and attacking Leonans.
Van Rhue walked at a languid pace.  She gave no thought to concealing herself and made no attempt to hide.  Her soldiers and followers moved and snuck around her.  Her head hung low and she contemplated the magnitude of their defeat.
It is over.  The plan seemed ingenious and for a time it worked, but General Khong had underestimated the city's defenses.  She had heard that the storehouses had been raided, so at least the workers would have something to show for their sacrifice.  Dozens of the elite class were dead, as well as dozens of Scorpian and Leonan soldiers.  Compared to the sacrifice of her people, however, it was imbalanced.  
She walked for hours and did not stop.  Despite her slow speed, she became out of breath and slumped against a tree.  Soldiers asked if she was well and she waved them off.  Her fingers tingled and she was nauseated.  Lightheaded, she pulled herself off the tree trunk and forced herself to keep walking.  She dismissed the sensations as a manifestation of her nerves and the stress of her failure.
"President," a sergeant said to her, "we are nearing Tuanjou."  She nodded once and kept walking.  Minutes later, the tree line ended and she heard a commotion of some sort ahead.  She thought little of it and kept walking.
When she emerged into the faint light of dusk, she heard a cheer and looked up.  Hundreds of people had joined them in the fields surrounding the small town and they were embracing and congratulating the soldiers.  Khong looked toward Rhue, confused but smiling.  The people had seen her and they clapped and yelled for her.  
A group of village leaders came before her and bowed.  "President!  We are honored you have come to us.  Please, let us feed you and provide you a place of rest."
She looked around and wondered at their smiles.  "I am grateful."
"Congratulations, president," a man said.  "You have shown them that the people of Scorpia are not at all weak!"  Another cheer went up from the people and the Natty soldiers were buoyed by their welcome.
Slowly, they moved away from the fields through crowds of admiring citizens, many of whom chanted, "Auntie Rhue!  Auntie Rhue!"  They were then taken into the home of the mayor.  She brought them bowls of soup and plates of rice and vegetables.  The room filled with soldiers and people and the happy mood pleased her.
She looked at Louis next to her and whispered, "That we made the attempt seems to be enough to have won us more support."
"So I have gathered."  Khong smiled and took a cup of wine from the mayor's husband.  "If the other villages feel the same, we may be stronger today than we've ever been before."
"In the morning, go ahead to the next villages.  Gauge the reaction and gather more people to the cause."  He nodded.  "We tried to grasp a prize too large and difficult for our first strike."  Louis' head lowered in shame, "But now we will fight them in the jungles and villages.  Our home."
He smiled, "Yes, president."
IX
BARBET
1,784 Years After Colonization

Aboard the Battlestar Béarn, Enora held the railing of the command deck and watched as Scorpia appeared before them.  She blinked to get the odd feeling of the FTL jump out of her head and waited while the counter admiral gave orders to secure the ship and the strike fleet.
"Well, administrator," he said, "we have arrived."
"So I see.  Thank you, admiral."
He motioned for her to follow him and they walked across the deck to a large map of Scorpia's surface laid out on a table.  An ensign was marking villages and positions in the jungle with a grease pencil.  "Once we are in a proper orbit, we will be able to target these locations at will.  We would only need a signal from our soldiers on the ground or yourself to fire."
She smirked.  "Thank you again."
The admiral looked at the ensign and said, "Leave us."  The young woman nodded and immediately complied.  "Forgive me, administrator, but we have not had an opportunity to speak in the last two days."
"That's quite alright, admiral."
"I feel the need to make you aware of my orders.  I am certain that you were told of … restrictions by the president?"
"I was.  Most important, I believe, is the three-month timetable they've provided."
"I would agree."  He brushed his hand over the map.  "The jungles are dense and they cover a wide portion of the world.  Will three months be sufficient?"
"I intend to send Scorpian and Leonan forces into the jungles when I land.  They will probe and scout as best as they are able.  I will also use the contingent of aircraft the Army has provided.  It is my intent, however, that these forces not engage the enemy.  They will only pinpoint their locations.  Then, we will take advantage of your presence, admiral."
"Please, administrator, have your scouts be certain of their targets.  I have been told to minimize civilian casualties."
"I am sure," Barbet clasped her hands behind her back.  "We will do our best."
X
DUPUIS
1,784 Years After Colonization

Private Reyer crawled through the grass on his belly.  There were two huts ahead and he made for the left one first.  The singing of the workers in the field was uninterrupted and he heard no one nearby, so he emerged onto the dirt path and quickly darted to the side of the home.  He peeked through the window and saw no one inside.  He opened the door, spun around to put his back against it, and pushed it shut.  The hut was empty.
He bent low and began to overturn tables and cots.  He ripped through a bin of clothes, pushed food and plates out of a cabinet, and lifted rugs.  He saw nothing.  Reyer went back to the door and looked in every direction before he raced to the second hut and entered the same way.  Again, the home was empty, and he again tossed the place.  He was almost finished when he finally got to the rug at the center of the sitting area.  When he lifted it, he saw a small cord tied around the end of a piece of bamboo.  He pulled on that, revealing a compartment beneath the floor.  He smiled and removed a Leonan pistol, placing it in his belt.  He took a quick inventory and counted three rifles and five boxes of ammunition.  He closed the hatch and placed the rug back over it before he departed.
The private's trek through the grass was long and slow so he wouldn't be spotted.  It was still the middle of the morning and the occupants of those huts weren't likely to be back anytime soon.  He entered the jungle and walked a few hundred meters to his platoon's position.  When he got near, he heard a whistle and he repeated it back.  From hiding, several soldiers emerged and he went to the lieutenant.
"Sir," Reyer said, "I found this."  He handed the pistol over and the woman examined it.
"Older.  Still functional."  She handed it back and asked, "Is that all?"
"No, sir.  In one hut, I found multiple rifles and plenty of ammunition for them hidden under the floor."
"Very good."  She waved to a corporal and he turned around.  The lieutenant removed the receiver from the corporal's backpack and she manipulated a couple of switches and dials before she depressed the activation switch on the handset's side.  "Celeste Direct Air Support, come in."
"Verify."
She looked at the notebook in her lap for the day's codes.  "King Lothaire."
"Confirmed.  Identify."
"FAC party six, Alpha Company, Third Foreign Infantry Regiment."
"Target?"
"Grid two-seven, carom one-eight.  Colline d'Linh.  Repeat, Colline d'Linh."
"Specify position."
"All involved."
"Close support?"
"Negative."
"Understood.  Stand by."
The platoon knelt with some using their binoculars to look toward the village between the many trees and others looking up through the forest's canopy to the sky.
In space, the cruiser Condé adjusted its orbit.  Within four minutes, it was above the small village and it launched a trio of missiles toward the surface, each with more than two hundred kilograms of high explosives.  From the clouds, the three silver shapes appeared and it sounded like a distant rumble of thunder at first.  The sound grew louder and louder until it was a roar that slammed into the surface.  Fire and force destroyed the village, throwing soil and debris in every direction.  Even the distance of the fields spared very few of the civilians, and those who were spared fell back, some unconscious.
The lieutenant lowered her binoculars and said, "Move out."

The chief of state read over the report.  He looked toward the long table where he used to have his meals, where now Enora Barbet had placed herself to command the effort against the Natties.  Aides and soldiers were seated around the table and it was filled with papers, maps, communications equipment, and more.
He sighed and placed the information about Colline d'Linh atop the growing pile of villages the Leonan fleet had destroyed.  He stood up from the desk and walked around toward the long table.  A Leonan captain was talking to her and she slowly looked up toward Alban.  He asked, "May I speak with you?"
"We are rather occupied at the moment."
"It is urgent."
She grunted and pushed herself away from the table.  "I will return."  She started to walk toward the door and waved for Dupuis to follow.  "Come."
He did and was surprised when she stopped at the closed doorway.  She looked at him, impatient and expectant.  Finally, he said, "I would like to offer my resignation."
She blinked and then smiled.  "You are joking."
"I am not."
Her face hardened and she pushed him away from the door, toward the corner of the room.  "You cannot resign."
With his back against the wall, he said, "I cannot be a part of this war effort.  I haven't the stomach for it."
"On that we agree."  She pulled away a little.  "Yet you cannot resign."
His shoulders slumped and he looked toward the floor.  "I cannot remain here."
"Then don't."
He looked up at her.  "What?"
"Leave.  You and the Central Committee may deal with the administrative issues all you like.  Leave the war against the rebels to me."
Slowly, he felt relieved and he began to smile.  "Are you certain?"
"Absolutely."
He squared himself and straightened his jacket.  "Thank you, administrator."
As he turned toward the door, she said, "Once the war is done, however, you will have to resign."
He faced her again, "I'm sorry?"
"During the conflict, we can't show weakness.  There cannot be a lack of confidence in those in office.  Afterward, however, Leonis will not abide a weakling who refuses to discharge the duties with which he's been entrusted."
He considered it and finally nodded once.  "I understand."  
He left his own office and walked through the corridors, past soldiers and running aides.  He ignored them and smiled.  I will have my retirement after all.
XI
RHUE
1,784 Years After Colonization

She sat on the floor, her legs crossed, and looked up at the seated village elders.  The mayor was leaning forward with his arms braced on his legs and staring down at her.
"I am sorry, president, but I cannot risk exposing my people to the tyranny of Scorpia's and Leonis' military."
"I understand your concerns, mayor," she met his gaze, "but there hasn't been an orbital bombardment in a month.  Do you know why?"  He shook his head.  "My soldiers.  We have lived in the jungles and hunted for enemy forces since the Lion fleet appeared above.  We have placed sentries in the forests and we have killed hundreds, if not thousands, of them.  We've shot down dozens of their aircraft.  Now they fire their missiles, blindly, into the jungle in hopes of striking us and they fail.  We thwart them, daily, because they destroyed eleven villages in a single month with their missiles.  The evil of the Leonans and the Scorpian government has brought many to our cause.  Some who fight alongside us now, and yet many more who believe in all we fight for.  Still.  Eleven villages.  I swore that that number would not increase and, thus far, it has not."
"And the people of Scorpia are pleased it has not, president," another elder said.
"Yet," the mayor interrupted, "L'Bich Gazon cannot welcome you or your soldiers."
Van unfolded her legs and stood.  Now she looked down on the panel of elders and she interlaced her fingers, holding her hands in front of herself.  "We are the soldiers of the people of Scorpia.  We seek to bring justice to those who have evaded it and to bring freedom to us all."  She extended her arms away from herself and scanned everyone's faces.  "And you would deny us?"
A few of the elders whispered at each other and the mayor straightened.  Now he seemed angry.  "I am sorry, president."
Rhue walked to Khong's side.  "As am I."  She withdrew the pistol from his holster, turned, and fired into the old man's chest.  He slumped forward and fell to the floor.  With the pistol still in her hand, still raised, she asked, "Who is now the mayor?"
An old woman, wide eyed, nodded.  "I am."
"Are the people's soldiers welcome here?"
She glanced at the former mayor's body as he breathed his last and then nodded.  "Yes, president."
Van gave the pistol back to the general and bowed.  "I thank you, mayor."  Quickly, they turned and left the hut.  Seeing a lieutenant outside in the light rain, she went to her and said, "We will camp here in the shelter of the jungle's edge."  She raised a single finger.  "They are to be respectful to the people of this village."
"Yes, president."
With the young woman gone, Louis looked down at Rhue and said, "Only a fool would deny you at this point."
"Yes."  She looked toward the trees as lines of soldiers in black, green, and brown left their hiding places.  "What do you hear from the other commanders?"
"Tallier is farther southwest than us.  His force now numbers nearly thirteen thousand.  Farrow and Man in the far east have nine thousand each, as does Houn in the north."
"Far, far more than before Celeste."
"Yes, president."  
"And are these numbers still a secret?  Do the Leonans or the Central Committee have any idea how large the people's armies have become?"
"None, president."  Khong lowered his head and said, "If I may, president, I should like to speak again on the topic of Argentum."
She sighed.  "You may speak, but I remain unmoved."
"Why?  Our forces now number nearly fifty thousand and we have captured a great deal of armaments from the enemy.  I would suggest they still consider us backward belligerents.  Mere farmers who have dropped their plows for rifles."
She faced him and held her hands behind herself.  "And they would not be wholly incorrect.  The vast majority of this army are simply the people of this world."
"We have been training them, president.  They are far better than the enemy would credit."
"Very likely so, yet I would not have another staging of Celeste in Argentum."
"It would not be, president.  Argentum lacks the same defenses.  The hills surrounding are not as impassable as those leading up to Celeste."
"I appreciate that you have given this serious consideration, general.  Allow me to do the same."
He nodded.  "Thank you, president."  She started to walk away.  "If I may add," she stopped and turned halfway, "Argentum's value is greater than Celeste's to the Leonans.  If we take hold of the source of their silver, or at least eliminate their ability to harvest it, the Lions will lose interest in Scorpia."
She nodded once more.  "Thank you, general."  She walked away from Khong, away from the village, and sat at the edge of the jungle to think.
Hours later, she had eaten some of the food offered her and found it good, but she grew nauseous as she ate.  Night had fallen and she looked across the empty field of what had been wheat weeks before.  Along the edge of the jungle, under the protection of the trees, she saw rows and rows of tents.  Soldiers on watch patrolled the edge of the forest and some high above scanned the skies and horizon with their scopes.  She walked quietly to her tent, only nodding at the soldiers who greeted and saluted her.  Outside the flap, she looked into the sky between the leaves and studied the long, bright streak of rock and ice that formed her world's famed half-ring.  
Inside the tent, she removed her jumpsuit and lay on the cot, staring at the canvas above her head.  She closed her eyes and tried to force herself to sleep, but with little success despite the exhaustion that weighed on her.  Finally, as she lay there, she died.
XII
KHONG
1,784 Years After Colonization

"General!"
His shirt was on but unbuttoned and Louis had just finished buttoning his pants.  "What is it?"
The flap to his tent was thrown open and the man nearly raged at the young private before him.  "The president is dead!"
He reached toward her and pulled her inside.  With a hissing whisper he asked, "What did you say?"
Now the private lowered her voice.  "She's dead."
He blinked twice, darted out of his tent, and looked beyond a pair of nearby tree trunks to Rhue's.  A few people were standing around outside but there seemed to be no commotion.  He ran to them, pushing aside soldiers who got in the way.
A few were officers and he saw a pair of medics talking, too.  He lifted the flap and saw Van lying on her cot, her hands atop her torso, and her eyes closed.  His heart pounded in his head and he tightened his grip on the canvas tent flap.  "What happened?"
"I don't know," one of the medics said.  "There is no injury.  No sign of struggle or strangulation.  She is cold, so she died hours ago."
He dropped the flap and scowled as he scanned the people nearby.  "Poison?"
The medics looked at each other.  "I don't believe so," one said.  "With poisons, there are often signs.  Discolored skin, expectorated fluids in the mouth, inflammation or swelling.  The president seems to have simply passed in her sleep."
"In which case," the other medic said, "I would suggest a heart ailment of some sort."
"Or a brain hemorrhage."
Khong shrank and stared at the jungle floor.  "I …what should be done?"
"Sir," Colonel Tu Gouin began, "did she leave any instructions in such a case?"
The general sighed and shook his head.  "Not that I'm aware."
Gouin looked at the medics and said, "Leave us."  She faced the two captains next to her.  "You too."
Now alone, the colonel lifted the flap and gestured that they should go inside.  Khong did but he was still somewhat dazed.
"I know you were close with the president, but you must put aside those feelings for a moment."
Louis nodded and straightened.  His eyes darted toward the cot, but he didn't allow himself to fully look at Rhue's body.  "You are right."
"Now.  What is to be done?"
"I believe it has been clear that I've acted as her second for quite some time."
"Yes sir."
"I will assume command of the soldiers, the people's soldiers."  He made a mental note to start talking like her.  "I might also take the chairmanship of the Party, but that discussion can wait."
"Shall we notify the other generals?"
"We will.  Once I've notified the soldiers here.  We can't allow rumor to spread.  They must know the truth."  He finally turned and looked at her still face, "I will send encrypted messages to the other commanders afterward."  He couldn't stop looking at her.
"Very good."
"Assemble the men and women in the fields now."
The colonel saluted and left the tent.  Louis knelt beside the cot, keeping his eyes on her, and he felt for her satchel.  Once he found it on the ground, he pulled it out from under the cot and looked inside it.  A collection of papers, an old photograph, and a pair of journals.  He opened one of the books and began to read.
"We hail from all corners of Scorpia and have joined together for a common revolutionary objective and we need the vast majority of the people with us on the road to this objective.  Today, we already lead base areas with a population of millions, but this is not enough; to liberate the whole planet more are needed.  In times of difficulty, we must not lose sight of our achievements, must see the bright future, and must pluck up our courage.  The Scorpian people are suffering; it is our duty to save them and we must exert ourselves in struggle.  Wherever there is struggle there is sacrifice, and death is a common occurrence.  But we have the interests of the people and the sufferings of the great majority at heart, and when we die for the people, it is a worthy death."
He closed his eyes, and though he was not an ardent believer in the gods, he thought a prayer for her.  This was interrupted by the sounds of whistles and shouting outside among the tents.  He replaced the journals in her satchel and lifted it to his own shoulder.  He looked one last time on her face and departed her tent for his.  
There, he deposited her satchel on his bed and finished dressing himself.  He looked at the mirror and felt unfinished.  He untucked and retucked his shirt again.  Adjusted his belt.  Removed the gun holster in favor of his sword.  He still didn't appear "correct" in his eyes.  Finally, his gaze drifted up from the reflection of his uniform to the reflection of his face.  That's the problem.  He swallowed hard and nodded.  I am not prepared for this, but I must play the part until I am.
He left his tent and found the area around him devoid of soldiers.  Khong walked toward the empty wheat fields of L'Bich Gazon and in so doing, passed the president's tent.  He saw there the simple black, white, and black flag of the National Institutional Party.  He grabbed the pole and carried it with him, letting the fabric flap against his side and shoulder.
He left the jungle and saw nearly five thousand men and women arrayed before him.  Their heads turned, looked to him, and began to cheer.  With a sharp intake of breath, he walked toward a wooden crate that had been placed on one end of the field.  As he did, he raised the flag higher and the soldiers became louder.
Louis reached the makeshift platform and Colonel Gouin was waiting for him there.  He stepped on a smaller box and then up onto the crate.  He surveyed all the soldiers and lifted the flagpole as high as he could, waving it from side to side.  The crowd cheered and after a few moments he lowered it.
"Listen to me, People's Army of Scorpia!"  They quieted and began to sit in the dirt and grass.  "I bear this morning grave news and also a message of hope!"  He paused and sought for the words.  "In the night, our leader, our president, Van Rhue, …"
"Auntie Rhue!" someone cheered.
"Passed away," the audience gasped, "peacefully!  Peacefully, in her sleep."  Many cried out and some began to repeatedly place their hands on their heads and faces before casting their palms toward the sky.  "This loss is devastating for all of Scorpia!  It is more devastating for us, her soldiers.  Her family."  He was still for a moment and allowed the soldiers to react.  "She was our dear leader and she cannot be replaced!  The work she started will continue!  The war we started together will continue!  The people of Scorpia are still chained by the Leonans and the failed institutions of the state!  We will fight!"  Some among the soldiers began to cheer and react positively.  "We will take the fight out of the jungles and into the towns and cities where the enemy chokes the people!  We will do all of these things in the name of our beloved Auntie Rhue!"  He raised the flag again and more of the men and women cheered.  "Victory and all of Scorpia will belong to the people!"
Once the cheering died down and he dismissed the soldiers, Khong stepped off the crate and next to the colonel.  She nodded and said, "Excellent, general.  Precisely what they needed to hear."
"Thank you."  He handed the flagpole to a lieutenant.
"It sounds as though you have plans?" she asked.
"I do.  I discussed them with the president before she died."  He took a deep breath and held the sides of his belt.  "With only a small force, we will strike at targets like Metz and Pau, to draw their forces toward the defense of Argentum."
Gouin nodded.  "So we might then strike in the west, perhaps at Celeste again?"
"No," he smiled, "I want them in the east when we fall upon them with our full strength, which they will grossly underestimate.  They will see how large the people's army truly is.  We will take Argentum."
XIII
BARBET
1,784 Years After Colonization

"Administrator," the speaker crackled, "the three months have passed.  As have the two one-month extensions."
"I know, admiral," Enora said, "but the rebels have become more brazen.  They are moving out of hiding more frequently and attacking larger targets."
"I understand your colonel has been busy."
"He has, chasing them back into the jungles, but he's had little success in actually killing them."  She repositioned herself in the chair and looked at a map as she spoke, "Admiral, I believe the rebels are preparing for an assault on Argentum."
The line was quiet for a few seconds.  "The silver production?"
"That is my assumption."
"Why do you believe this?"
She drew her finger over the map as she said, "After years striking targets in the west, near Celeste, in particular, the cities and towns they've struck across the continent in the last two months are all leading east.  A span of only eight hundred kilometers separates Argentum and their last target, Pau."
"Very well, administrator," he said, "suppose I believe you.  What would you have my fleet do?  Missile strikes so near a sensitive, vital industry would run counter to my orders."
"I would request that Colonel Langlois be supplemented by your fleet's contingent of marines, as well as any ground vehicles or other materiel you might spare."
He groaned.  "Administrator …"
"Admiral, they will strike Argentum.  I know this."
"My fleet already has its next orders.  We must report to Leonis in three weeks for refits and resupply."
"Would the Admiralty abandon Scorpia's silver mining when it is so threatened?"
"The Admiralty would say that you have regiments on the ground already to secure it."
Her face went still and she breathed through her nose.  "What if I might draw them out in less than three weeks?"
"How would you do this?"
She tapped her finger on the table.  "Anger them."

Outside the prison on the edge of Celeste, a large crowd had been assembled.  Hundreds of people, both the upper and lower classes, gathered to watch the pageantry of Scorpian and Leonan flags flying together, soldiers of both armies marching together, and a dais of the world's leaders.
Chief of State Alban Dupuis said nothing and made no move toward the podium, but Enora Barbet did.  She looked across the crowd on this overcast day and said, "We have an answer.  An answer to the scourge that mars this beautiful world.  An answer to the evil that stalks our jungles and kills the people of our villages and the soldiers who serve us all.  That answer is death."  
Hearing the cue, soldiers opened the gates on the prison and a string of forty-nine people, chained together, emerged, wincing in the light of the cloudy day and trying to shield their eyes with shackled hands.  They were placed along the wall of the prison and the soldiers left their sides.  She scanned them, looking for familiar faces.  She spotted Robert Vinh, former speaker of the Assembly, and Marie An Leroy, former ambassador to the Coalition.
"These are National Institutionalists," Barbet said, "enemies of the state."  A few among the prisoners tried to cry out in protest, but they were too far away from the crowd to be heard.  "We will do to these enemies what we would do to all who attack us, who destroy our towns, who steal our food.  We will give to them what has already been given to their precious, evil leader, Van Rhue.  Death."
Again, reacting to the cue word, the captain of the Leonans raised his saber.  "Rifles, up!"  A line of Leonan and Scorpian soldiers complied.  "Aim!  Fire!"  More than one hundred men and women shot at the prisoners.  Most of them fell, dead, but the soldiers reloaded and fired again until all were on the ground.

"Welcome to Argentum, administrator," Colonel Langlois said.
She shook his hand.  "Warmer here than I imagined."
"Ah, we are not so high as Celeste.  And the mountains do not shield us so."
She looked around and saw multiple gun emplacements, guncars, marching soldiers, and more.  There were vast empty spaces between the military positions and the now-dormant silver mines and equipment.  Enora nodded and said, "You seem to have everything you need."
"I certainly believe so.  Twenty-odd thousand here near the mines as well as in the city proper."  The older man smiled and gestured.  They walked in that direction and he continued, "Many civilians have been turned out so we might have space to billet our friends from the fleet."
"Good."
"We have two small guncar columns.  The best we could do given the terrain of these hills.  And we have some six dozen aeroplanes on standby at the field north of us," he pointed, "so at the first sign of trouble," he flattened his hand and flew it into the air.
Barbet stopped walking and looked at the surrounding mountains.  "And the enemy?  Do we know of their positions?"
He shook his head.  "They are there.  The men have a saying, 'The trees have eyes.'  We presume the enemy is watching us.  Soon, they will strike, or we will strike."
Her neck tensed and she asked, "If you are sure they are out there, why do you wait?"
"I am waiting for the last of our supplies and soldiers to arrive."  He waved his hand dismissively toward the mountains.  "They cannot harm us here."
"Why do you believe that?"
Langlois chuckled.  "These are peasants, administrator.  In a direct fight, they are no match for my soldiers.  Or even the Scorpian soldiers.  They have no training and they do not have the weaponry to reach us."  He started to walk away, "I would not fret."

A boom awakened her.
Her eyes opened and she stared at the ceiling of the bedroom.  It was the home of the late CEO of Scorpian Silver, killed in the holiday attack months ago.  As she remembered where she was, she heard another distant thud and another explosion.  She stood and went to the window which faced east.  She could see some of the mountains silhouetted before Scorpia's half-ring and in the blackness beneath, she saw fire.  Beams of tracer rounds leapt away from Leonan positions and into the night.  Another artillery blast left the distant mountain and landed among the soldiers.
'I would not fret.'
She dressed and raced down the stairs as quickly as she could.  She opened the door of the home and heard the gun and artillery fire.  Enora turned right and started to run because that's where she knew the command post to be.
A hand grabbed her and threw her against the side of the house.  "Do not move."  A soldier held his gun against her head, but Barbet did not acquiesce.  She kicked him in the crotch and ran again only to be tripped shortly after by another soldier.
"Don't get up!" a female soldier yelled.  The administrator looked over her shoulder and saw a shape in a green uniform with a rifle pointed at her face.  "Take her."  
Two other soldiers roughly grabbed her and dragged her away from the nicer buildings near the center of Argentum.  The sounds of battle were still distant and she craned her neck to see around her captors.  Everywhere she looked, she saw hundreds of soldiers crowding the streets, but only the hodge-podge uniforms and weaponry of the rebels.  After a few moments, they left the residences and came to the warehouses and storage facilities near the mines.  The crowd of Natty soldiers did not thin, however.  When she left an alleyway between two structures, they took her into the open field between several mines where, three days before, she had seen thousands of her soldiers drilling and preparing.  The sight she saw now made her mouth drop.
In the expanse, framed along its edges by mountains and equipment near inactive mines, thousands and thousands of Leonan and Scorpian soldiers were sitting or bound on the ground.  Around them stood thousands more rebels, aiming their weapons at the backs of their prisoners' heads.  To her far right and left, lines of Leonan soldiers with their hands atop their heads and wearing sleep clothes were marched out alongside dozens of Natties.
Her feet stumbled over the gravel and once she got them under herself again, she said, "I … I demand to be taken to your leaders."
The pair carrying her stopped and the woman walked to her front.  She pinched Enora's chin and lifted her face toward the faint light.  "And who are you?"
She hesitated.  I don't want to give them another valuable hostage.  Frak.  There's nothing for it.  "Administrator Enora Barbet."
The woman's eyes widened and then she nodded.  She slapped Barbet across the face hard and started walking.  "Follow me."
She licked her lips and teeth and then spat blood onto the ground.  They maneuvered between rows and rows of captured soldiers and finally stopped.  She felt someone tie her hands behind her back with rope and then she was dropped onto the gravel.  It took her a minute, but the administrator was able to right herself and see that she was surrounded by various officers, including Colonel Langlois.  The man was sweating profusely and his expression betrayed the extreme embarrassment he felt.
"Administrator Barbet," someone said behind her.  "A surprise, but a pleasant one to be sure."
She licked her lips again and studied the thin, middle-aged man in a modified Scorpian officer's uniform.  "And you are?"
He smiled.  "General Louis Khong.  Commander of the People's Army of Scorpia."
She nodded and looked around the site as well as she could.  "And how did you do this?"
"What?  Capture almost your entire force in one night?"  Many of the rebels nearby laughed.  "Blindspots in your perimeter.  Quiet movements in the night.  Similar uniforms.  That is all very boring, however.  The important fact of the matter is that we, the people of Scorpia, have all of you here."  The sound of distant gunfire drew his attention, but he waved his hand dismissively, "Save for a few small companies of yours on the far eastern side of the city.  But, if we had wanted to, we could have wiped Argentum off the map."
Barbet scoffed.  "I sincerely doubt that."
"Do you?"  Khong chuckled and looked at Langlois.  "Yes, the colonel didn't believe me, either.  Well, perhaps we should demonstrate for you how badly this might have gone."  He turned to someone behind him, "Wireless?"  Once a large device was handed to him, he turned its crank and said, "Positions Four, Five, and Six."
"Standing by."
"Target the Leonans' eastern positions.  Coordinate with our other units to pinpoint them.  Eliminate them when ready."
"Yes, general."
A moment later, from the trees high in the mountains above the mines, three cannons fired and the shells streaked overhead, striking more than a kilometer away.  They shot again and again.  After five or six such volleys, they halted.  No more distant gunfire could be heard, either.
"Artillery in the trees?  In those mountains?" Langlois muttered.  "How did you …"
Barbet was enraged at just hearing the man's voice and she hissed, "Why did you not launch your aeroplanes?!"
"Because the airfield was one of the first positions we took, administrator."  Khong knelt between the two and he looked at the colonel.  "As for 'how,' sir, I need say only that Scorpia is our home."
Enora strained against her ropes.  "What the frak does that mean?"
"It means, administrator," he turned and grabbed her arm, stopping her struggle, "we know this world better than you.  It means we captured your people at the edge of the jungle and took their places, letting our people in until everything – the airfield, your guncars, your soldiers, your mines – everything was ours."  He released her and stood.  "This is Scorpia.  This is our home.  Here, everything belongs to the people."
The soldiers nearby cheered and Barbet glared at him.  "If you have so many of the people with you," she sneered, "why did you not wipe us out?"
Angrily, the general bent toward her and lifted her up.  "Look around you.  Can you count?  Do you not see the tens of thousands of soldiers around you?  More than double your own?"  He threw her down roughly and continued, "Know that there are many thousands more in the jungles.  Dozens of artillery pieces.  We could have destroyed you, yes."  He pointed toward Langlois, "But the colonel knows why not."  Louis crouched again and smirked.  "Yes, look at him.  Look at that face.  Imagine how he feels."  He laughed and turned to the administrator, "I wanted you to feel humiliation."
Langlois lowered his head and Enora looked away.  "What is next, general?" she asked softly.
"Now, we shall get that Leonan transmitter of yours and call your vessels in orbit."  He looked to the stars.  "We have some negotiations ahead of us."
XIV
KHONG
1,784 Years After Colonization

He stepped out of the transport and into the pouring rain.
The main square of Libran's sole city was still under construction, but there were already three completed, majestic buildings nearby.  Uniformed men and women carrying umbrellas ran to the transport, giving most of the Scorpians a start.
"Welcome to Themis, general," a man said as he offered his hand.  "I am Adrian Baxter, the administrator.  Please, allow the sheriff's deputies here to help you with your baggage."
Louis nodded, understanding the uniforms now.  "Of course, thank you."  His Virgan was not fantastic, but he could speak it well enough.  "We will be meeting in the primary courthouse, yes?"
"Yes."  Baxter gestured toward the largest of the marble buildings.  "Allow me to escort you."
"Thank you."
As a deputy held an umbrella by Khong's head, he looked around.  "I heard Libran was a, uh, jungle planet like Scorpia."
"Yes.  I don't believe Scorpia suffers the rain quite like we do, however."
"There is rain, but you have it often?"
"Nearly every day."  They walked by an empty fountain in the middle of the street and then up the long, high steps of the courthouse. 
"Has everyone else come?"
"They are inside now."  He lowered his own umbrella and pulled open the large wooden and metal doors.  "If you please."
Louis had been in Celeste's palace a few times before and it was nothing like this.  Marble, columns, murals, fine chandeliers, and everyone around him in fancy dress.  Paid for by all the colonies, is it?  Are the people of all the worlds so well off?
"General," someone called out.  He faced a woman and she said, "I am Roksanna Laval of the Inter-Colonial Council.  Welcome to Libran."
Pleased to hear Leonese, he smiled and bowed his head.  "Thank you, ambassador."
She stepped closer and said in a low voice, "I was saddened to hear about the death of Ambassador Leroy."
"Yes.  Another fine person lost to the Leonans and Scorpia's own feckless government."
Roksanna nodded, seemingly not knowing how to react to that.  "Please, general.  Help yourselves to refreshments.  We have some time before the conference begins."
He bowed and she walked away.  Then, Louis turned toward the members in his party and looked across their faces.  "We may not be on Scorpia, but we still represent Scorpia.  We will conduct ourselves in a manner that will not compromise our beliefs.  When you see their finery and delicacies before you, drink the water.  Eat the bread.  That is what your fellow people on Scorpia will be eating while we are here.  Do nothing that might draw their ire."
"Sir."  The others bowed their heads.  Colonel Tu Gouin saluted.  Then, they walked to the drinks table as a unit and took simple glasses of water, ignoring the crystal chalices of wine.  
Several minutes later, the sheriff's deputies in their ceremonial uniforms formed a line leading from the foyer of the courthouse and into the hallway.  Laval walked toward them and announced, "If all delegations will please follow me, we shall adjourn to the conference room."  She repeated the phrase in Virgan and started to walk.
Khong saw the dress of the people around himself and couldn't help but feel intimidated.  He wore the dress grays of the Scorpian Army, but with the National Institutional Party's black-and-white armband.  Medals adorned his chest and stars dotted his epaulets.  Still, several of the women wore wide, flowing dresses.  Some of the men wore tight black suits with white ruffled shirts.  Of those who were also in uniform, most of them included regalia like gold piping, silver buttons, or fine velvet jackets.  He walked through the gauntlet of deputies and his inadequacy passed.  Just evidence of the privileged class' extravagance.
The double doors opened into a large circular room with a dome and viewing balcony above.  Three long tables were arranged at the center of the room in a triangle.  Along one side, a series of small purple Leonan flags were placed.  On another, other flags representing other colonies.  On the third side, several black-white-black flags of the Party were at each place.  Louis smiled at that simple gesture of respect and walked toward the center seat of that side.
Leonans entered the chamber next and he noted the dour expressions they all bore.  He recognized Deputy Minister Carre, who would be the chief negotiator, as well as Ambassador Gisele Palomer.  Enora Barbet was the last to enter.  Her scowl was more angry than dour and Khong nearly smirked at seeing it.  She had been released two days after her capture, just hours after the Leonans agreed to a cease fire.  He looked around for Alban Dupuis, exiled to Leonis because he would be dead on Scorpia, yet the coward didn't show himself.
"Thank you all for coming," Ambassador Laval said from her side of the triangle, "because the language of the primary parties involved is Leonese, I will conduct these sessions in Leonese, if there are no objections."  No one spoke.  "Very well."  She sat and said, "I have asked Priestess Aleska Cuda of Gemenon to lead us in prayer, again, if there are no objections."  
While the priestess prayed, he looked toward the empty tabletop before him.  His aides had papers arrayed before them, but he didn't need any.  He had a simple three-part plan, one that had been somewhat changed since his trip here.  His arguments were fixed in his mind.
"For this, our first meeting," Roksanna said, "I would like to hear from both sides at the start so that we all may hear for ourselves what the others hope to gain.  Now, from the outset, do both Leonis and Scorpia agree that it would be best for hostilities to cease between them?"
Carre nodded enthusiastically.  "Absolutely."
Khong said only, "Yes."
"Excellent, thank you."  The Caprican moved a sheet of paper on her table.  "I would like for each party to, briefly, without interruption," she looked from one leader to the other, "explain what they hope to gain from this conference and any prospective treaty."  She held a copper coin.  "I shall toss this half-cubit piece.  Seal side, Leonis.  Tree side, Scorpia."  She flipped it into the air and it landed on the table before her.  It spun noisily and finally settled.  "The Leonan Union will go first."
Gouin leaned toward the general and whispered, "The deception begins at the start."
"I will not concern myself over a coin."
Deputy Minister Carre opened a portfolio and spread the pages before him.  Seeing this, Laval said, "Please, minister, a brief statement would suffice.  If you like, tomorrow, we can be more thorough."
Carre blinked and then slowly nodded.  "Thank you."  He folded his hands in front of himself on the table and said, "For centuries, Leonis has invested in Scorpia and we are not willing to abandon it outright.  Many of our citizens and companies call Scorpia home, and we would not uproot them.  Leonis has a vested interest in Scorpia, not the least of which are its mines, but also the orbital facility, which we have been constructing at great expense."  He paused and scanned his notes briefly.  "Lastly, we should like to remain a preferred trading partner with Scorpia, given our long history."
Roksanna smiled.  "Thank you, minister."  She faced the Scorpian side, "General?"
Louis took a deep breath and sat as high in his chair as possible.  "Scorpia seeks three things, and three things only.  Firstly, no Leonan soldiers on our world.  Secondly, no Leonan companies on our world."
"Wait a moment," Carre said, "we cannot …"
"Minister," Laval said as she tapped the table, "the general did not interrupt you."  Carre backed away.
"Thirdly, we will take control the orbital facility."  
Colonel Gouin looked at Khong because this was not what they had discussed earlier.  Many in the Leonan delegation spoke among themselves and shook their heads at the general.  The Caprican again tapped the table to quiet everyone.
"Please, these are initial statements.  There is time for negotiation in the coming days."
Carre pointed at Louis and raised his voice, "How can you demand that no Leonan companies be allowed to remain on Scorpia?"
Laval objected but Khong decided to answer, loudly.  "Because those very companies have drained my world for centuries!"  He had everyone's attention and he continued, more softly, "More than ninety Leonan companies operate on Scorpia.  All of them use the labor of the people to increase their profits.  All of them take resources from our world back to Leonis, leaving only scraps for the people."
"Not true," the minister said, "not true!  Silver!  Do you know how much of the silver we mined from Scorpia was spent to make your world a better place?"
"I do, minister.  Less than five percent."
He laughed.  "'Five percent?'  That's outrageous."
"It is, but not because it is false.  Do not forget, minister, that we now control the palace and we have access to many Leonan records."  The general pointed toward the end of his table and a young woman raised a folder from her pack.  Carre pushed away and quickly chatted with his aides.  Louis, meanwhile, locked eyes with Barbet who knew the figure to be correct.  Her expression was little else but disgust.
The minister sat forward again and said, "Regardless, we will not surrender the orbital facility to you.  Leonis has spent tens of millions of livre in the last decade to build it and expand it.  That is recent!  Recent!  You cannot claim that Leonis has pillaged your land and people for that!"
"No, minister, I would not.  Though I would say that Scorpia's orbit is our own, yes?  Most treaties and agreements state that a world's orbit is theirs, do they not?"
"Outrageous," Carre shook his head.
"Still, minister," the general leaned onto the table, "I would be willing to negotiate a purchase of it."
"'Purchase?'"  Carre blinked and looked at his aides before he asked, "And how would Scorpia do this?  You do not have the money …"
"We do not.  At the moment.  The proposal I have is this," he interlaced his fingers, "we would allow Scorpian Silver to be the sole Leonan company on our world.  They will continue to mine and process silver from Argentum.  All silver taken from Scorpia would then be paid to Leonis toward the cost of the orbital facility.  Once the facility has been paid for, however long that takes, that company will depart our world for good and the facility becomes ours."
The minister went silent and waited for his aides to stop their whispering.  He studied the general for a long moment and shook his head, "Madness."

Later, Khong stood before a window in the administration building which had been temporarily made into a stateroom for the conference.  He looked up at the night sky, unobscured for the moment due to a passing reprieve from the rain.  Someone knocked at the door.  "Enter."
Colonel Gouin walked across the floor and stood by the window with him.  She looked outside and said, "General."
"It is strange to see the stars and not some evidence of our ring, is it not?"
"Strange, indeed."  Tu's eyes narrowed and she asked, "Sir, why did you alter the demand?"
"Regarding the orbital facility?"
"Yes."
Louis nodded and walked away from the window.  "Because of our journey here.  I saw a glimpse of the future."
"How so?"  Lightning flashed outside.
"The ships.  In space, in orbit.  All the colonies have them even if Scorpia has so few."  Distant thunder.  "Ours was the last world held back by an empire.  Here, in the coming days, the past will die.  The future is among the stars and between the worlds."
"Colony to colony."
"Yes."  Another flash.  "Trade.  The privilege that so many colonies enjoy will come to Scorpia.  We must prepare ourselves for it.  The first part of doing that," thunder.
"The facility," Gouin said and the general nodded.  "We create a trading post in orbit and it will make ourselves more attractive to the other worlds."
"That is part of it.  We will need ships."  He faced her and the window again.  "All the worlds will need ships."
"And you believe Scorpia can build them?"
He glanced toward her for a second and said, "Yes.  Even the fanatical Gemenese set aside their Sacred Scrolls to build vessels.  They sell them to the Empires, too.  Caprica's shipyards have been quiet since their revolution."  He began to nod slowly, "Yes, I think we should build ships for ourselves.  And for the other worlds finally out from under the Empires."
"That will bring a great deal of trade and attention to Scorpia."
"That is my hope."  He looked up through the window and saw that the stars were again obscured.
"What of contamination from the other worlds?  Can we preserve our culture and our people?  We've only just now freed both from Leonis."
"It is a concern, but we have time to prepare for that, too."  Large water droplets fell outside and the wind whipped them against the side of the administration building.  "It does rain here quite a lot."
XV
DROI
1,785 Years After Colonization

Police broke through the doors with a ram and stormed the offices.  Men and women who were packing boxes screamed and tried to run, but the officers set upon them with clubs and brought the people to the floor.  
Six people, bound, were thrown into the street before a large crowd.  Those same boxes were removed by police wearing blue uniforms and the typical black-and-white armband of the Party.  They stacked them outside before returning to seize more property.  
Yoan Droi was on his way home.  The young man held a lunch pack attached to a cloth strap over his shoulder and his dirty work overalls bunched under his left arm.  He stood with dozens of others and stared as the Leonans were pushed and kicked by officers when they walked past.  He looked at the sign above the doorway, "Premier Crédit Celeste."
A bank, of course, he thought.  
Once an enormous wall of boxes and files were stacked outside, a police lieutenant stood before the prisoners and read from a page, "'Warrant for the closure of Premier Crédit Celeste, the seizure of all property, and the arrest of all Leonans within.  The aforementioned institution has exceeded the one-hundred-day grace period set forth by the Treaty of Libran.'"
"It hasn't been one hundred days yet!" a man cried out from the ground.  Another officer stepped behind him and smashed a club against the back of his head.
"'You will be detained and questioned before you are entered into the court system where you will either be found guilty of crimes against the people of Scorpia or deported from this world.  So authorized by President of the Assembly, Chairman of the Party, General Louis Khong.'"  The officer gestured and the six were lifted from the street and thrown into a vehicle.
Yoan walked away.  He kept his head low, which was difficult for such a tall Scorpian.  Still, most people ignored a dirty worker like himself and he gave the authorities no reason for a second glance.  In recent months, there were far more police on the streets and all of them wore the armband of the National Institutional Party.  One walked past Droi now on the opposite sidewalk.  
He heard yelling ahead and saw smoke blowing from around the corner.  He didn't have to walk past the college, but he turned just to see what was happening.  The buildings of Université Léonis-Scorpia took up much of the view and in the street, he saw a pile of books stacked as high as a man, wet with fuel, and burning.  The air wavered above the flames and thick, dark smoke rose into the sky.  The windows of the college were cast open and soldiers inside were throwing crates of textbooks into the street.  The library was being emptied by the cartful and professors were marched out, cuffed, and guided toward waiting vehicles.
He stood there, stunned, for a long while and walked through the crowd of onlookers back to his usual route.  A short time later, he turned a corner near his flat building where he saw another police vehicle pulling people out of a storefront.
He went to the rear of the crowd and stared.  The people bound didn't appear to be wearing fine dress, nor did they appear to be the soft Leonan elite.  Yoan squinted and asked aloud, "Leonans?"
"No," a woman said without turning toward him.  "That's Pierre Danh, a delegate in the Assembly.  Thi Bous is already in the police truck.  She's a delegate, too."
"What did they do?" Droi asked.
The woman didn't answer, but an old man next to him turned and said very softly, "They're members of another party.  The Scorpian Society for Self-Government.  They arrested members of the New Democracy Party earlier this morning."
"I would be quiet if I were you," the woman said through clenched teeth.  The old man nodded and put his hand over his mouth.  
Yoan walked away and around the crowd of onlookers.  He stepped over beggars and finally neared his apartment building.  After having been hard at work in the machinery shop for ten hours, he needed the sleep.
In front of his building, a woman sat on the curb, crying with her face in her hands.  A man paced behind her, angrily.  Droi neared them and was curious as to what was going on, but he didn't want to get involved.
Suddenly, tires screeched and a black truck turned in front of the building.  It slammed on the brakes and someone threw a young child, perhaps ten-years-old, out of the back.  The man and woman screamed and ran toward the boy, with the mother cradling him.  Before the father could turn his rage toward the truck, someone wearing a black hood leaned out of the window and yelled, "If you don't vote for the NIP next week, we'll be back!"  The truck sped off.
Yoan's grip tightened on his work clothes and his lunch pack's strap.  He bit his cheek and watched as the parents tended to their bloodied son.  Finally, he looked up at the mural painted on the building across the street.  A large black-white-black banner of the NIP, featuring the stylized profiles of both Van Rhue and General Khong atop it, facing right and into the sky.
He shook his head and felt ashamed of his mother.
XVI
KHONG
1,785 Years After Colonization

Louis straightened the black and white sash across the front of his typical uniform.  Once he was satisfied, he looked up toward the open doors and the noise outside.  He took several paces and emerged on the balcony of the palace in Celeste.  Many thousands of people assembled in the square below him and stretched out into the connecting streets.  They cheered and held flags and banners.  The general smiled and waved, turning toward each section of the audience as he did.  Finally, he moved toward the array of microphones assembled on the railing.  
"People of Scorpia," he began, his voice echoing across the square, "we have done it!"  
The crowd broke out into cheers again, and finally a chant of, "Khong!  Khong!  Khong!"
He smiled and basked in it for a moment and returned to the microphones.  "The National Institutional Party now has command of over ninety percent of the Assembly!  It is clear to me, and has been for some time, that ours is the party of the people!  While our aim has focused on the institutions of the nation of Scorpia, it is the people whom those institutions are supposed to serve that we are focused on above all!  As chairman, I decree today that we shall now be known as the People's Institutional Revolution!"  The audience cheered and yelled.  Many jumped to wave their flags higher.  
"It is a revolution!  It is!  A revolution that won our world from the Leonans!  A revolution that took our cause to other worlds and convinced them to side with us!  A revolution that has now taken control of Scorpia!"  There was brief revival of the "Khong!" chant.  "I will be working with the newly elected Assembly in the coming days to assume control, at long last, of all the institutions that have taken advantage of the people for far too long!  The banks!  The farms!  The industries!  They will all belong to the people!"  Hearing that their oppressors would soon get theirs, thousands cheered louder than before.
"And there is a plan!  The plan is the future, and I have seen a glimpse of it!"  The crowd quieted and waited to hear.  "The Leonans built, in space, an orbital facility.  Soon, it will be ours and we will use it for the people's benefit!  We will expand it and trade with all the colonies!  We will build great ships!  We will travel to all the worlds!  We will see things and bring back treasures that will confound our imaginations!  The future is filled with a bounty for us all!"  The audience cheered and applauded again.
"We could not be here today, on the precipice of greatness, were it not for you, the people!"  They clapped and screamed.  "Nor for the great Auntie Rhue!"  The audience became louder.  Soon, chants of "Rhue!  Rhue!  Rhue!" went up and Khong nodded and smiled as it went on.  Once it went on longer than his own chant, he went to the microphone and tried to interrupt it.  On the second attempt, he was successful.  "The revolution continues every day!  You are all a part of it!  When you labor for your fellow Scorpians and your family, you revolt against the old ways and the old masters!  You rebel for a brighter future than you have today!  The revolution is forever!"  They cheered loudly and he yelled over them, "Hail the victory of the people!  Hail the founding of the People's Republic of Scorpia!"  He waved and smiled again, leaving the balcony before the noise died down.
Colonel Gouin was inside the office.  "Excellent address, general."
He didn't answer.  He was still thinking about how long they chanted for Van Rhue.  "I fear there may remain some potential political enemies out there."
"Very well, sir.  Who?"
"For one, Yoan Rhue."
XVII
DROI
1,785 Years After Colonization

The ride in the back of the cart across the continent took weeks.  He paid the driver fifty livre to let him ride, plus he would act as a guard against highwaymen, a task he fortunately only had to undertake once on the journey.
"Argentum's there," the man said.
Half asleep and half nauseated by the motion of the cart, Yoan sat up and looked ahead.  Mountains were near and the jungle parted to reveal tall buildings nestled among the rocky foothills.  
Seeing it, he sighed in relief.  Celeste had often felt claustrophobic, but with the fall of the Leonans and their puppets, the Scorpian Central Committee, came the rise of the Natties.  Party police were everywhere, watching everything, and banners with his mother appeared around every corner.  
He hadn't seen her in more than decade, not since before she became president of the Assembly.  She couldn't be bothered with him when she was busy trying to get the NIP recognized by the government and trying to gain more supporters.  He raised himself, studied what he wanted to study, earned his own way, and moved out of their home.  It was a full week before she noticed.  With her later rebellion, he couldn't afford to use his real name any longer.  He took the name of his mentor and got his official documents changed.  Everything was perfectly legal.  
"Shall I let you out here?" the cart driver asked.
Yoan looked again and they were now in Argentum.  He saw a police station and several PIR armbands.  He kept looking and found a sign directing people toward the government centers.  "Here is fine."  He climbed out and walked to the driver's side.  "Thank you again."
"Thank you.  I'll be here for about a week before I need to head back," the old man shrugged, "if you need to go, I could use the company again."
Droi smiled and said, "I'm sorry.  I intend to stay awhile."
"Good luck then."  
The cart rumbled away and Yoan carried the two large bags on his back toward the street.  He avoided eye contact, as usual, but he also stayed well away from any police officers he saw.  Across the street, he looked at the large concrete administration building and he checked the board outside to see where the labor office was.  
He trudged up long steps and then found himself at the back of a long line.  "Is this for the labor office?" he asked the person in front of him.
"Yes," she said, curtly.
He dropped the bags to the ground outside the building and waited.
Hours later, he was inside, but he had no idea how much longer it would take.  The walls around him were plastered with paintings and photographs of both Khong and his mother.  On several occasions, he found himself staring at her face, scowling.  He caught himself doing it and he forced himself to look away so as to not draw attention.  
Finally, the line snaked into an office.  Several people were before him and waiting to speak to a bureaucrat behind a desk.  The waiting area was festooned with murals of the victory against the Leonans last year in the city and a bust of Van Rhue.  He looked away from that and had to stare at a PIR banner with Khong's face instead.
"Next."
Droi looked and then kicked his bags forward.  He pulled his papers out of his shirt and said, "This is my identification document."  He separated another page.  "This is my machinist's certification."
The bespectacled woman first issued the rote oath, "Do you pledge in the names of Founder Van Rhue, General Louis Khong, and all the people of Scorpia that the information you present today is truthful?"
He held his breath to avoid loudly sighing, "I do."
She then looked over the pages and asked nonchalantly, "Why did you leave Celeste?"
"Jobs for machinists dried up.  I thought Argentum would have more, what with the mines."
She didn't react.  Instead, she pulled a page from her desk and began writing on it.  "You are assigned to the People's Wheat Farm, number four-nine."
"Farm?"
"Follow the signs."
"I'm a machinist," he tapped the page again.  "Not a farmer."
She looked up at him for the first time.  "Farms have machines.  They need to be worked on from time to time."
"Perhaps, but …"
"Next."
He was slumped over the desk and his back ached from standing all day.  Still, he took the page and added it to the rest of his documents, put them back in his shirt, gathered his bags, and left.  Outside, he looked north toward the valley and farmland.  Then he looked south and east toward the mines.  He walked in that direction.
The main buildings of the city thinned and he began to see warehouses, storage bins, and processing towers.  Worker barracks lined the paths among the mining facilities and large vehicles crisscrossed as they traveled to their destinations.  
If I meet up with a supervisor and show him what I can do, maybe he can change this.
He headed for the nearest garage he could find and saw several tractors and bulldozers inside.  There was a wide-open space in front of the bay doors, but he didn't think much about it.  Yoan set his bags in the corner, pulled a cart of tools to one of the vehicle's engines, and went to work.
He was fully immersed in it for a long while.  He was able to ignore the oil and grime and instead focus on the feeling of manipulating the machinery, turning the bolts, and finding the problem so it could work again.  When he found the cracked valve, he removed it and held it up with a smile.  Behind it on the wall, he saw a poster with the face of his mother.
Droi grumbled and threw the broken part down.  Not even here can I get away.
He returned to work.  Within an hour, the valve was replaced and the machine's engine turned over perfectly well.  He grabbed the edge of the tool cart and dragged it to the next vehicle when he heard a loud noise outside.
A large box descended from the sky with an arrow shaped vessel atop it.  Wind and vapor blew out in every direction and the noise became unbearable.  He clasped his hands over his ears and walked toward the opening of the bay.  Yoan's eyes danced over the cargo ship and he smiled.  I would love to be able to work on one of those.
Large bays on the box opened and several trucks drove up.  Workers in the rear of the trucks shoveled ore into the cargo container while personnel from the ship descended on ladders.  A group of people crowded around the front of the garage and Droi nervously looked toward them, wondering if he was about to be found out.
A man in a Scorpian uniform looked at a page and said, "Machinists assigned to the orbital facility, get on board."  Several of the men and women nearby lifted their bags and walked toward the ship.  Yoan stood still, stuck in fear and as his mind thought of the opportunity before him.  The officer saw him and asked, "Are you a machinist?"  Before Droi could answer, the man looked at him more closely and nodded, "Yeah, you are.  Get on board."
"Yes.  Yes sir."  He ran back into the garage for his bags and he ran out again.  He followed the other workers up the ladder and then into the silver cargo ship itself.  The interior wasn't fancy by any means, but this would be the first time he had ever traveled inside a vehicle that left the ground.  He sat in one of the large passenger seats and sighed in relief.  Then he remembered his documents.  He removed them and separated the farm assignment sheet from the rest.  He studied it for a second until a voice came over the speaker.
"Everyone needs to put on their harnesses."
Yoan folded all the papers up and stuffed them in his shirt.  He clicked the harnesses around himself and grabbed onto the arms of the seat.  He looked at the people around him and none appeared happy.  Most were either bored or fearful.
Finally, the ship rumbled and he felt his stomach lurch as they lifted off from the ground.  He beamed and tried to see toward the cockpit, but he could only get a glimpse of the black night sky through the windows.  The trip was rough and soon, his stomach felt as queasy as it did on the cart ride.  After several minutes, it smoothed and he felt odd.  It wasn't until he saw the long, floating hair of a woman across from him that he realized what was happening.  He chuckled aloud.  Some looked toward him and he lowered his head.
Minutes later, the ship shook as it docked.  "Stand by."  There was another shake as a boarding tube connected.  Lights by the hatch illuminated with the red one blinking.  Then, it turned green.  "Disembark."
The passengers disconnected the harnesses and began to slowly drift out of their seats.  They reached up toward the ceiling to steady themselves as they walked and Yoan stayed behind, putting both of his bags over his shoulders.  He was the last to enter the boarding tube and he held the chain tightly as he floated over the collapsible floor and toward the station.  The bright lights of the cargo transport and boarding tube soon gave way to the dim blue light of the entry area.  The ceiling was low and the exposed metal seemed gray.  He looked around and he was pleased to see there were no propaganda posters featuring his mother.  To Droi's disappointment, however, there was artificial gravity.
The machinists ahead of him showed their papers and he put his hand on his.  Do I show them the farm assignment?  I have to have some kind of assignment page.
As the last machinist was led out of the entry chamber, the woman at the desk waved him forward.  "Name?"
"Yoan Droi."
"Papers."  He withdrew the documents and gave them to her.  "Certified machinist.  Good.  Not enough are certified these days."  She turned another page and then looked up, "Assignment paper?"
He sighed and pulled the folded sheet from his pocket.  "I …"  He handed it over but he didn't know what to say.
The woman squinted.  "You're not supposed to be here."
"I know, and I am sorry, but I'm not a farmer.  I'm a certified machinist.  I've worked too hard to be stuck fixing plows."
She grumbled and rubbed her eyes.  "You cannot be here."
"You said," he tapped his certification, "you said you don't have enough certified machinists."
"Yeah."
"Please.  Let me stay.  I am a good worker.  I know about all kinds of machines, all kinds of engines." 
"What did you work on?"
He took a deep breath and thought, "Ground vehicles.  Construction, labor, military, transport.  Several types of aircraft, including gyrocraft and Morane Fives and Sixes.  Some spacecraft, too.  An Astra Four once.  A personnel transport, too."
"What about non-vehicles?"
"Water and sewer processing at the Celeste plant.  Atmospheric processing for the palace.  Metalworking and welding."  She nodded and he felt encouraged.  He grinned and said, "I've done it all."
"Yeah," she sighed, "it sounds like you have."  She took the assignment page and balled it up.  "I'm sorry I did that.  I'll get you a new one."
It took a second, but he suddenly realized what she was doing.  He beamed and said, "Thank you.  Thank you very much."
"Do your work and stay away from trouble."  She wrote his info in her book and gave the other documents back to him.  "Go down the corridor and report to Gamma Wing."
"Thank you!"  
He ran into the same passage the others had gone down before.  He found them inside a long room, filled with bunks and lockers.  A large man was standing at the center and he barked, "Find your cot!"  Droi ran to the nearest empty one and put his bags on it.  "Now.  I am Supervisor Tam.  You will be reporting directly to me and performing the assignments I give you.  Is that understood?"
Haphazardly, they answered, "Yes sir."
"We keep on Celeste time here, so that means you've got to be at work at dawn, in four hours."  Many of the machinists grumbled.  "First, you need to see where you'll be going.  Follow me."
They walked through several corridors and through chambers before they emerged in a wide metal expanse.  Gray and colored conduits and pipes lined the walls and webbed out in every direction.  Metal catwalks stretched out and over airlocks.  Simple, dim worklights were spaced every few meters.  
"This will be the primary trading post of the facility.  Multiple docking ports and control booths, access to cargo holds, and who knows what.  This will be where you spend your life for the next several months."
All the machinists' eyes scanned the empty space, but only Yoan was smiling.
XVIII
KHONG
1,787 Years After Colonization

The walls of the bay rose high and they were bright brushed steel.  Colored lights illuminated each of the docking ports and spotlights shone on each entrance.  Curved trolleys awaited at the openings to ferry goods toward the holds.  Flags and posters hung all around the three-quarter circle-shaped room, and it was filled for this ceremony.
The general walked in from the personnel corridor to applause.  Louis smiled and bowed to the people before he straightened and gestured at the ornate surroundings.  While the room and its appointments were new and flashy, the members of the Party and Assembly in attendance were not.  They wore what had become known as "civilian uniforms," a plain jumpsuit version of the general's own uniform.  Though such outfits had been worn on Scorpia for decades, they grew in popularity with the rise of the PIR and the effort to shun decadence.  Some of the suits were colored, but still muted, like the speaker of the Assembly's plum outfit or Khong's aide's sage one.  There were some frilly dresses and gaudy hats, but they were worn by visitors to Scorpia.  The general's honored guests.
"My friends," he shouted and found the acoustics of the large chamber pleasant, "welcome to Scorpia's future!"  The group of two hundred applauded again and he nodded through it before continuing, "For two years now, the people have been hard at work preparing this facility.  Laborers on the ground, milling components, building equipment.  Laborers here, living in space for months at a time, assembling those components, making everything work.  And we will not forget the labor of the people of Scorpia to feed these workers, to clothe them, and more.  The people of Scorpia have made this and, today, we honor them by opening it!"
A tone sounded in chamber while the people applauded and Khong looked toward the port on his left.  The green light flashed on the panel and he pretended to have just noticed it.  "I see we have our first customer!"  Some caught on to the play and chuckled as the general went to the archway and pressed the correct buttons.  The doors of the airlock slid open and five people entered carrying baskets and boxes.  He greeted the woman warmly and they shook hands.  "Welcome to Scorpia, ambassador!"
Isila Torun smiled, "Thank you, general!"  She presented him with a basket and said, "To honor Scorpia's great achievement, I have come bearing the bounties of my world, including," she turned and looked at the others who held baskets up, "black snapper fish, torgoes, masala spices, cezerye candy, and Canceran-blend cigars!"
Khong looked into Torun's basket at the cigars and then he scanned the others.  "Ah," he left the ambassador and walked toward a young man.  He pulled a round, yellow fruit from it and held it up.  "A fresh torgo.  The famed milk-lemons of Canceron."  He sniffed it and remembered himself as a child.  "I had one, nearly forty years ago.  So tart and creamy at once."  He put the fruit back in the basket and said, "Thank you, ambassador, for joining us on such an auspicious day!"
"Thank you, general."  She bowed to the applauding crowd.  "Canceron will be happy to visit your orbital facility often."
"My friends," Louis said, "let us now refresh ourselves with drinks and food from Scorpia and Canceron."  He pointed to the rear wall of the bay.  "Please."  As they turned, he waved his aide to him.  "Take the gifts from Canceron and give them to the workers, both here and on the ground.  Let them be rewarded for their efforts and let all the people glimpse the riches that await us in the future."
She smiled and nodded.  "Yes, general."
"Ambassador," Khong faced Torun, "walk with me, please."  She stepped close and he said, "I thank you for your efforts in getting the trade agreements passed in the Acropolis."
"Of course."
"Perhaps if you've an opportunity to speak on our behalf to other colonies, you will do so?"
She smirked, "I may.  Some are concerned about the recent change in government, you know."
"Yes.  I know.  They fear what they do not understand.  Or, perhaps, they fear a system that truly aims to serve all of its people instead of the privileged few."
She nodded, not wanting to get into a philosophical debate, "Perhaps, general."
"At any rate," he held his hands behind his back and watched as the crowd of businesspeople, workers, and more gathered at the food and drink tables, "we will own this facility outright in … five years."
"So quickly?"
"Yes.  Finally free of Leonis."  He shook his head once.  "When we are, I intend to expand it more.  More trading posts and, most importantly, shipyards."  She raised her eyebrows.  "Would Canceron be interested in purchasing ships from us?"
She scanned the chamber and said, "If you build them as well as this appears to be, then we may be interested, yes."

Hours later, the delegations were gone.  Only the general, his staff, and some members of the PIR and Assembly remained.  The station master was giving them a tour and they finally neared the end of it.
"Through this hatch," the man said as it opened, "lies the future."
It appeared to be the interior of a cavernous box, lined with colored pipes and conduits, black vents and colored lights.  What little of the walls could be seen were dark gray and spindly handholds, staircases, and catwalks lined areas where the gravity plating had not yet been installed.
Khong smiled and said, "The shipyards."
"Yes, general."  The station master walked out onto a platform and, seeing this, the guests felt safe to enter the area, too.  On the far right and left sides of that platform stood dozens of workers in their safety gear and worksuits.  "This will be the first portion.  We are preparing entry points for airlocks and utility arms.  Cargo holds and ports are already in place.  Worker facilities will be above there," he pointed, "as well as power distribution, because power will be important here."
Louis walked to the edge of the handrail and looked ahead.  The far wall was nearly one hundred meters away and he could already visualize the workers buzzing about many ships.  "Magnificent."  He beamed and turned toward the station master, shaking his hand.  "Truly, you are doing the people of Scorpia proud."
The station master appeared overwhelmed with emotion and he bowed low.  "Thank you.  Thank you, general."  After he composed himself, he looked behind him and said, "The men and women, the workers, have done terrific work, general.  They deserve great praise."
Khong looked across their bright, smiling faces.  "Indeed they do."  He walked first to the group on the left and he shook their hands.  Again, some of them seemed taken with emotion, stunned to be meeting the liberator of Scorpia, the man whose face had been put on every building around the world, nearly every piece of currency, and on thousands of flags and posters besides.  The man whose exploits were now taught in school and recorded in picture books for the children, as well as novelized and distributed with The Quotations of Van Rhue for adults and made mandatory reading.  Hailed by the hungry for providing their meals, praised by the workers for their labors, and backed by the military who already worshipped him as their captain and then general.
Having greeted those on the left, he turned away from tear-streaked faces and nervous laughter for the other group on the right.  He was met with much the same reaction, but after a moment, he realized there was a tall worker at the rear of the group who seemingly made no effort to come forward.  Shy?  Khong waded into the group and felt hands on his back.  The workers parted, and the tall man with the lowered head was before him, so Louis put his left hand on his shoulder and extended his right to shake.  The man gripped his hand and shook, but didn't look up at first.  Finally, he glanced toward the general.
Khong's face froze.  His heart pounded and he felt sweat bead all over himself.  He let go of Yoan's hand and took a single, long breath.  The tall man didn't look up again.  Jostled by the adoration of the others, he forced himself to smile and he greeted the remainder before departing the group.  He walked toward the center of the platform with the rest of his aides and with each step, he contemplated what to do.  He looked toward Colonel Gouin and she sensed something amiss but he gave her no indication.  He looked at the Assembly and Party leaders, but they were oblivious.  He stood there, staring at the grate under his feet and he felt a crushing weight on his back.  At the same moment, he realized how silent everything had become.
He looked up and said, "I am now seeing how near we are to realizing the vision I had of our future, and that is entirely thanks to you and your efforts."  He bowed toward the workers and applauded, leading the other visitors to do the same.  As he did this, he kept thinking before he settled on a plan.  "Station master," he looked toward the shorter man, "I would like to spend a little while longer in this chamber and hear some additional details on the effort."
"Of course, general."
He looked toward the workers, "I can think of no one better to speak to than the son of an old friend."  Yoan raised his head and everyone looked toward him.  "Please, come forward."  He hesitated and then stepped around his co-workers before he walked to the center of the platform.  "If you all will excuse us, I would like to become reacquainted with him," Louis put his arm around Yoan's shoulders, "and learn all about the construction of this fine facility."  The guests and other workers bowed and began to file out of the room.  Gouin stared at Yoan and then the general.  Khong gave her a look which she recognized to mean, "Stay."  When the hatch finally closed, he stepped away from the tall man, put his hands behind his back, and raised his chin.  "Yoan Rhue."
He looked up and said, "Yoan Droi.  I've not used her name for years."
Louis slowly nodded and glanced toward the hatch where the colonel stood.  "I didn't know."  Khong stared at Droi and asked, "Why are you here?"
"I thought I could escape up here."
"Escape?"
"From seeing her face everywhere.  From the," he hesitated, thinking he may not want to say it, "police."
"You knew about the warrant."
He narrowed his eyes.  "For me?"  The general nodded.  "No.  I didn't."
"Little wonder they weren't successful, between your name and your being here."  Louis walked toward the handrail again and measured the distance toward the deck below.  Not enough to kill him.  He looked back at Gouin, She could kill him for me.  We would say he attacked me.  There would be no doubt.
"Were you there when she died?"
Absentmindedly, he answered, "No.  She was in her tent.  She died in her sleep."
"I knew the Leonans lied when they said they found her and killed her."  Almost silence.  Only the hum of life support systems and the distant thudding of a closing hatch could be heard.  "I hadn't spoken to her in years.  I didn't think she would want to talk to me."  He sighed and softly asked, "Was she disappointed in me?"
He faced Yoan.  "What?"
"Mother."  Droi looked at the general, hopeful.  "Was she disappointed in me?"
He was stunned.  Khong saw before him the same twelve-year-old boy he remembered from Party meetings.  He nearly grinned and said, "Perhaps disappointed that you didn't join her in her work to help the people of Scorpia."  Yoan lowered his head and seemed ashamed.  "She was proud of you, though, because you sought to earn your own way, doing what you love."
"Proud?"  He looked up again.
"Yes.  She mentioned it often."  He looked down, trying to remember, "There was a photograph of you and her in her things when she died.  If you would like, I could find it for you.  Have it sent here."
He blinked and seemed to give it serious thought.  "Thank you.  That would be, … thank you."
Khong said, "The work here.  You like it?"
Yoan looked around and nodded.  "I do.  I like seeing it like this.  They only pressurized the chamber for the visit, but the fun work will come soon."  He smiled, "And that will take months."
Louis recognized the truth and happiness in his words.  He ground his teeth, glanced again at the curious expression of the colonel, and then said, "So long as you do not take up the name 'Rhue' again, you may live your life as you see fit.  Building things.  Fixing things.  That is all."
Droi heard the implicit threat and he tensed.  "I understand."
The general gave the chamber one last look and said, "Keep up the good work," before he departed.
XIX
DROI
1,788 Years After Colonization

"Where can I find a spare plate for this?"
Yoan turned away from the bulkhead and looked at the novice, Basile Din.  The young man had his torch in hand but no metal.  "Over by the venting conduits."  He pointed with a heavy glove, "Next to the intake."
"Thanks."
Yoan lowered the face shield and began to weld again.  Sparks flew about and he sensed someone in his periphery.  "You know," he lifted the shield, "you should let someone know when you're coming."
"Sorry."  Basile held the plate up and there was a hole near the top, about twenty centimeters wide.  "I can use this one?  I'll just cut it here …"
"No, no."  Droi put down his torch and turned.  "Put that back where you found it.  Never use that one, or any others that look like it."
"Alright.  Why?"
"I'll explain later."  Din walked across the metal floor and over large tubing to the stack of spare metal.  The younger man picked up a new piece of metal and Yoan said, "Use that one."
Droi went back to his welding, happy to finally be doing it without the need for heavy and cumbersome pressure suits and oxygen tanks.  He looked away from his work toward Basile and saw him checking his pockets frantically.
"What are you doing?" he yelled from under the shield.
"I think I lost it!"
He turned off his torch again and lifted the shield.  "What?"
"The torgo.  It was my turn with it."  He reached into his jumpsuit.  When he retrieved the small yellow fruit, his shoulders sagged in relief.  "Thank the gods."
"I do not understand you people and that thing.  How is it not rotten yet?"
"Lucky coated it with wax months ago."  He carefully put it in a pocket on his chest and zipped it shut.  "You don't care about it because you already knew the general."
He lowered the shield and got ready to weld again.  "I met him a few times when I was a kid and my dad was in the Assembly," he lied.
"But don't you respect him and love him?"
Droi was thankful his face shield was still down.  "Of course I do," he lied again.
"The torgo was a gift from him.  It's important."
"Alright.  I understand."
They welded for a short while until Supervisor Tam whistled.  "That's a stop!"  The dozen or so members of his crew ended their work and looked up toward the platform.  "Maintenance is working in the habitat areas right now so you'll have to stay here for your meals."  Several of them loudly complained.  "At least another two hours."
"What about the next shift?" someone yelled.
"They'll be in shortly."
Yoan and another worker, Lea, shared a look.  She nodded and went to the wall as Droi leaned over to Basile and said, "Remember that plate you got with the hole?"
"Yeah."
"Go get it."
Tam left the platform and workers brought bins of food down the ladder.  Yoan got a pack for himself and Din and walked toward the center of the chamber.  He looked around at the deck and saw it was harsh grating over large pipes.  Lea came to him with two panels and said, "Getting tackled won't be pleasant."
"Then try not to get tackled."
Din brought over the plate with the hole.  "What's this for?"
"Ball," Lea said.
"Kickball?"
"No," Droi took the panel and flipped out a foot from it.  He placed it and then carefully stepped out ten paces, where Lea handed him another plate.  As he positioned it, he said, "Can't play kickball up here.  The floor's always uneven and the rooms are too small, usually."
"There's an old game.  Really old.  But me and Yoan and Cam from Alpha Wing changed it so we can play it here," Lea said.  Droi had walked another ten paces out and she gave him the third and final panel.  "The good thing is, you can play on almost any surface, and if the room you're in is too small, you just shorten the distance between the goals."
"Goals?"
Yoan measured the distances again and people began to gather around.  "Three people on a team, one for each goal.  You have a ball and you try to get it in the hole.  Score a point."  He rotated one of the plates a little.  "You can't take more than three steps without either taking a shot or passing."  Lea had a container and placed a small triangular chalk line at the center of the goals.  "That's the neutral zone.  The bases of the goal plates are, too.  You hold the ball on the ground there, the other teams can't touch you."
Din's eyebrows raised.  "They can touch you otherwise?"
Lea laughed, "Oh yeah."
"If you get tackled," Droi began as someone went to each of the panels adding a support brace, "you have to try to make a shot or pass the ball from where you are, otherwise the other team gets it."
"'Tackled,'" Basile shook his head.  "I don't know if I want to play."
"You will," he bent over and picked up the meals from the deck.  "Here.  You can watch for a bit."
They walked to the side and sat down among the pipes along the bulkhead.  Raucous laughter and calls came from the platform above as the next group of workers entered the room.
"You've already got it set up!" someone yelled.
"Yeah," Lea yelled.  "Come on down so we can kick your ass!"  The people around her laughed and cheered.
Three players stepped into the triangle and the largest one unzipped his jumpsuit.  As he tied its arms around his waist, Cam asked, "Ten points?"
Lea shook her head.  "I'll beat you in five."
Cam laughed and said, "Let's go."
Basile opened the pack and felt the warm rice on his fingertips.  He scooped some of the diced meat and sauce toward it and then lifted it to his mouth.  "Seems popular," he said through the food.
Yoan nodded.  "It is."
"You just call it 'ball?'"
"Yeah."
Din kept eating as the other players entered the arena.  He looked at the goal plate nearest him and saw its somewhat triangular shape.  "Maybe pyramid."
"Hm?"
"I saw a book about these triangle buildings.  Pyramids."
"Eh," Droi scooped up some of his rice.  "There must be something better."
Basile looked away as Lea removed her jumpsuit top, too, revealing an undershirt.  Several people catcalled her and she responded with a rude gesture.  "Triad?  Three, you know?" he suggested.
"Maybe."
Lea put the ball in the center neutral zone and both she and Cam put their hands on the floor along the chalk line near it.  The crowd chanted and hollered, but someone blew a whistle.  Both of them pounced on the ball, with Lea emerging the victor.  She turned her back to him and took three steps toward the goal in front of her.  The other two pairs of players struggled on either side of the goal and she threw it underhanded toward the hole.  It bounced off the plate and all six players leapt for it, with three of them falling to the deck.  Cam caught the rebound and took two steps toward his nearest goal before he threw it.  One of Lea's teammates intercepted it and he took three steps toward the center zone again.  Cam and Lea both tangled by him, with her eyeing the ball, expecting it to come to her any moment.  As soon as he lifted it from the chalk triangle, a woman on Cam's team picked the man up and slammed him against the grating.  The crowd groaned in sympathy and, dazed, he tossed it toward Lea who caught it.  She took her three steps and was shoved hard by Cam toward one of the goals.  The angle wasn't right for her to get it in, so she threw it at the far wall above Yoan and Basile's heads.  It bounced back, she then caught it and easily slammed it into the goal.
As the crowd cheered, Din asked, "They can do that?"
"They can."
When Basile looked back at the action, he saw Lea get pushed into one of the goal panels, which collapsed hard to the deck with her atop it.  "I don't think I'm ready to play."
Droi laughed.  "I understand."
After a few more minutes of rough, loud gameplay, Din looked at the chamber all around himself.  He was sitting on a blue pipe which curved and ran up to the ceiling alongside dozens of other conduits.  Scaffolding rose around them and a valve station sat to his left.  He leaned against it and looked up through the metal circle at everything.  
When he saw the smaller man grin, Yoan asked, "What is it?"
"Sometimes when we're on the floor like this," another goal was scored and the crowd roared, "usually when it's quiet, I like to look up at everything.  Surround myself in it.  It makes me feel like I'm part of the machinery."
Instantly, Droi was transported back to his childhood.  He smiled and said, "'Everyone's a part of the machine, whether they know it or not.'"
Basile scrunched up his eyes and looked at Yoan.  "What's that from?"
"Just something my mother used to say."
XX
RHUE
Unknown Years Before Activation

She stood in her usual jumpsuit, holding her hands behind her back, and stared up at the images.  The black-white-black banners of the People's Institutional Revolution with stylized representations of hers and Khong's faces on it.  
"That's not all," the voice said.  A table appeared and on it, she saw an array of books, newspapers, drawings, tiny figures, coins, and more, all with her image and her name on them.
"Khong made you both into gods."
"Founders of the People's Republic of Scorpia."
Van shook her head.  "It is good that I was dead, otherwise, I would not have approved."
"The cult of personality surrounding you two lasted for some sixty or seventy years," the female said.
"But the Party and Scorpia both endured," the male interjected.  "Prospered, even."
"Excellent."
"You seem content."
"I am."  She bowed toward the blackness.  "You have shown me the life of my son and told me of the productive life of my world.  What more could I ask?"
"Perhaps we could ask you something," the male said.
"What would you have done if you didn't feel compelled to help Scorpia as you did?"
Rhue's face twisted as she thought.  "If I … did not seek to help the people?"
"Yes."
She paused.  "I do not understand."
"Let me be blunt," the female said, "what if you had been more focused on your family?"
Her face fell.  "If my husband had not died, would I have still turned toward the people?"
"That is the root of my question, yes."
Van looked up toward the banner and then away.  "I do not know.  I would have had my Lam and my Yoan … I would not have been distracted by the ills of Scorpia under the Central Committee or Leonis."
"And how does that make you feel?"
"Confused.  I can't imagine that I would have been content knowing that my world suffered so."
"But if your family was intact, would that have mattered to you?"
For a moment, she saw her husband in her mind, embracing her, with little Yoan at her leg, clinging on.  She smiled and just as quickly, an image of him appeared in the blackness before her.  Still tall and strong, but his hair streaked with the gray that he might have earned if he'd lived long enough.  The sight shocked her and an eye welled with tears.  At Lam's side stood their son, an adult, and she ran for the pair.  Feeling their warmth and their strength around her, she cried and she recalled the voice's question.
She held her breath and backed away.  She put her hands behind her back and bit her lower lip.  Finally, Lam and Yoan vanished and she nodded.  "It would have mattered.  I would have had that much more to fight for."

END OF BOOK TEN



I
BELLO
Unknown Years Before Activation

Akina was bundled tightly in her heavy coat and she pulled back the hood.  Seeing nothing in the blackness but feeling warmth, she slowly removed it, continuing to look around herself.
"There's no cold to fear here," a voice said.
"Oh," she still wasn't certain.  "Who are you?"
"Not important."
"You, however, are very important."
"Me?"
"Yes.  You kept your band together and alive for many years."
"And they survived much, much longer than you might think."
Bello looked up but she was quiet as she organized her thoughts.  "Were they ever rescued?"  The voices were silent.  "I don't want to know the answer to that, do I?"
"I would like to ask," the female began, "how did you feel so confident from the start?"
She smiled briefly and said, "I was not confident."
"Perhaps not in yourself," the male said, "but you were confident that you would survive?"
"Oh, yes.  Some of the Colonies' best scientists were among us.  I knew that, despite the horrific things we saw and imagined, science would save us."
"What drove you?
Akina ticked her head to the side and asked, "What do you mean?"
"What drove you to survive?"
She thought for a long moment.  "We couldn't just surrender.  We couldn't just … sit on the ice and let the cold take us.  If it was just myself, maybe, …"  The possibility danced in her mind.  With it, she felt the peace from it and years of stress washed away.  "No, there was a glimmer of hope.  Not just of rescue, but that we might survive.  And our children, too.  It was a survival instinct.  The very basest of instincts, I suppose.  That drove us on.  To what end," she shrugged, "I don't know."
II
POLGAR
1,824 Years After Colonization

Light from the sun beamed down through the glass ceiling and into the large sanctuary of the pyramid.  Built to mimic Mount Olympus itself, all the buildings of the Church on Gemenon were shaped this way.  Of the many temples in Illumini for each of the gods, this was the largest and the most ornate, created as it was to honor all the Pantheon in a single place.  
Marble made up the walls and they were colored with great panels of mosaics; tiny tiles of stone and metal depicting great moments of the faith.  The birth of Athena from the forehead of Zeus, the Flood beneath Olympus and the descent of the Lords of Kobol, the charge of Poseidon's horses onto the Elysian Fields, the taking of Persephone by Hades, the departure of the Galleon from the flames of Kobol's Blaze, the arrival of Saint Alexandra Gideon on Gemenon.  Thousands of years of myth and history combined to create an overwhelming beauty and an imposing weight on any in the presence of such art.
The normal trappings of the sanctuary's altar and chancel had been removed; instead, a high table sat on the dais draped with dark, lush fabrics.  Three tall thrones were present and symbols of the faith were spread across the tabletop.  From a side door, a man in gold and bronze ceremonial armor entered.  The clothes under the metal were white, embroidered with gold thread.  He held a polearm by his side and came to a stop before the table.
"Hear ye all!" he cried, his voice echoing in the high, glass ceiling.  "The Holy Church of Illumini calls all to order!"  The hundreds around the altar in each of the four seating areas stood.  "It is day five hundred twenty-nine of the Fourth Holy Inquest!  Bow before the presiding bishops!"  As the audience did, three elderly church officials emerged and went to their thrones behind the table.
"You may be seated," a wizened woman said.  "Call forth the first."
The bailiff went to a small table on one end of the altar and read, "The Holy Inquest calls forth Remus Florin Vantu and Amalia Gilca Balan!"
A pair of Illumini city police officers – not Church officers – pulled a man and woman out from a door and dragged them to the front of the room before the table.  Their mouths were bound with red fabric and the man shook his head violently.
Andre Polgar had his pen in hand, ready to write in the journal.  The professor sat at the back of the sanctuary and hoped for something interesting.
"The charge," the bailiff said, "is adultery!"
Polgar grumbled and dropped his pen.
"And the aggrieved party?" a bishop asked.
"Niemira Dudek Vantu."  A woman stood in the sanctuary and slowly approached the altar.
The bishop at the center looked toward Niemira and asked, "This is your husband?"
She said in a low voice, "It is, bishop.  Yes."
"Speak loudly for all to hear!" the bailiff said.
"Yes, bishop!"
"And do you know this woman?"
The wife looked at the bound female with a glare.  "Only that she works with my husband at the restaurant."
"And were there witnesses to the adulterous act?"
"My children, bishop."  Many in the sanctuary gasped and two of the three bishops shook their heads.  "They were with me when I came home and found … them."
"I see.  Do the accused have anything to say in their defense?"  One of the city police officers removed the gag from Amalia's mouth and she only shook her head, holding it low.  When the gag was removed from Remus', he coughed and began to yell.
"Lies, bishops!  Lies!  I have not sullied our marriage!"
The lead bishop furrowed her brow and glowered at the husband.  "Then shall I call forth witnesses?  Your own children?"  Remus became less animated and his head fell.  "Would you have us ask them about what they've seen before this Inquest?"
Softly, he said, "No, bishop."
"Very well."  She looked at her comrades and showed a piece of paper to them.  They nodded and then she pronounced, "The Fourth Holy Inquest finds you both guilty of the crime of adultery!"  The woman wept and the husband shook his head.  "You are to both be branded so your flesh carries upon it a marker of your sin against the gods!"  Remus cried out but the officers gagged him again.  "The marriage is to be annulled and any assets of the marriage or of Remus Florin Vantu are to be given to Niemira Dudek and her children immediately!  And neither of the guilty may seek a marriage sanctioned by the Holy Church for the rest of their days!"  With a tap of a stone on the tabletop, the officers carried the pair away, the now-ex-wife bowed before the bishops and returned to her seat, and the bailiff returned to his table.  "Call forth the next."
"The Holy Inquest calls forth Costin Dimitry Korzha!"
A tall man bound at his elbows, wrists, knees, and ankles was dragged in by two police officers.  He, too, was gagged, but his face was filthy and caked with some kind of brown powder or ash.
"The charges are blasphemy, heresy, graverobbing, defilement, and cannibalism!"
Andre's mouth fell open and turned into a smile while most in the audience gasped and chattered among themselves.  As Polgar began to write, the bishop banged the stone to quiet the crowd, and then she said, "Inquisitor?"
"Yes, bishop!" a woman stood from the bailiff's table.
"Present the details of the case."
Wearing a long robe of gold and black, the middle-aged woman lifted a paper from her desk and walked to the center of the floor beneath the bishop's table.  "Last year, the bishop of Oranu was made aware by city police of an unsanctioned cult operating in the wilderness.  Surveillance began and, after the natural passing of one of its members last week, twenty-one adherents engaged in an unholy ceremony two nights past.  The foul ceremony was set upon by the police and all were arrested."  The inquisitor lowered the page and faced the seated audience.  "I will now provide detail and evidence of all that transpired.  If there are any among you with weak constitutions, I bid you depart."  After several people stood, sidled their way out of the pews, and left the sanctuary, the inquisitor faced the three bishops and continued.
"Costin Dimitry Korzha is the high priest of the Cult of Zeus Lykaios.  This is an ancient cult and one that has been condemned by the Holy Church since the Third Council several centuries ago.  Adherents profane the Lord of Lords by calling upon him to change them into wolves so they may prowl the world as an unholy predator.  The man-wolf would be chosen from among the twenty-one as whomever among them ate of the flesh of their recently deceased comrade."
Again, the people gasped and chattered.  Polgar scribbled and scribbled, gleeful at the information and the knowledge that Lykaia was still being practiced.
"On the twentieth night of Sextilis, under surveillance of Oranu police, Korzha and other cultists broke into the family tomb of Cornelia Hagi Varias and removed her body after it had been prepared in the rites of the Holy Church and entombed following a ceremony in the Temple of Minerva.  Her body was taken into the forests surrounding Mount Vasilje outside Oranu where their own unholy rites began in earnest.  Whilst nude, the twenty-one cultists bayed at Caprica and danced about the fire, exhibiting evil motions and rhythms.  After an hour of this, they fell exhausted by the flames and brought forth a pair of lambs.  These lambs were killed and their blood emptied into bowls, whereupon the cultists bathed themselves with it."  
Andre looked up and stared at Korzha.  "You see upon his face the remnant of that unholy sacrifice, for we have forbade him and the others in our custody to wash their sins away."  The professor continued to write with renewed fury.  "With their foul ablutions complete, they skinned and butchered the lambs, mixing their meat and entrails together in a pot.  Then," the inquisitor shook her head, "the gravest sin followed."  Several other people stood and raced for the doors while the inquisitor gathered herself.  
"They removed the cloth from the body of Cornelia Sobczak Varias, exposing her to the night, and howled at Caprica in her honor.  Then, the chief priest," she pointed, "Costin Dimitry Korzha, cut into her belly and sliced a portion of the deceased's own entrails from her."  Many in the audience gasped and gagged.  "Her intestines were diced and placed into the pot, along with the lambs' meat."  She paused as one of the bishops at the table seemed to grow faint and sipped almost half a glass of water.  "The stew then cooked for a time and Korzha himself served it in bowls to the cultists.  Once their meal was complete, they reclined and gave soft barks and howls, awaiting their transformation into man-wolves."  The inquisitor held her hands behind her back and raised her head so she could look down on the defendant.  "Needless to say, Lord Jupiter did not grant their prayers and the group was set upon by Oranu police."
A murmuring had been growing in the sanctuary for a few moments and, at the conclusion of the inquisitor's statements, became a volley of outbursts.  Random people stood and shouted at Korzha, "Monster!"  "Blasphemer!"  "Kill him!"
The lead bishop tapped the stone and looked at the inquisitor.  "Does the accused have an advocate?"
"None would take up his case, bishop."
The bishop grunted and she shook her head.  "Though I am loath to allow it, the defendant may speak in his defense, if there be any for such acts.  Remove the gag."  The officers did so and Korzha panted for air.  "Have you anything to say?"
Costin lifted his chin high and said, "I pray that Lord Zeus-Lykaios will come to me as the great wolf and raise me from my tomb as an ierós lýkos so I might feed upon your flesh!"  The audience gasped again and the bishop banged her stone.  "So I might kill all who revere this unholy church!"
"Silence him!"  The officers obeyed the bishop and she leaned toward her colleagues.  Korzha thrashed against the officers for a few moments until one punched him in the stomach, causing him to collapse to his knees.  The bishops faced forward and the lead woman said with great volume and vigor, "The Fourth Holy Inquest finds you guilty of all charges!  Since you value the old ways, you shall be put to death in the same!  You will be bound and taken to the slope of Mount Vasilje, which you soiled with your foul acts!  There you will be laid and bound, exposed to the sun and stars, the beasts and birds, for as many days are required for you to die!"  Some in the sanctuary applauded this and the bishop continued, "Once you are dead, no rites shall be performed on your behalf and your remains will lie there until the gods or some scavenger decide otherwise.  Take him away."  She faced the inquisitor, "Beyond the twenty-one themselves, how many others had knowledge of these cultists?"
"Aside from the police, bishop, we do not know.  It is being investigated."
"Bring the most severe charges against any who knew and said nothing.  Call forth the next."
Andre smiled as he finished one page and turned it over, where he resumed writing.  This is exactly what I've been hoping for.

"Warrants from the Church!" the officer said as he plopped a stack of papers on the lieutenant's desk.
"'thena, spare me," she muttered.  Rada brought the pile toward the desk in front of her and sighed.  "Is that all for today?"
"I think so.  Let me know when it's time to serve them."  The younger officer left her small office and returned to the squadroom.
Rada sighed and signed the first of the warrants.  "Adultery," this one was labeled.  She shook her head and started a new pile with it.  She signed the next ones, "Failure to pay donations," "Adultery," "Dereliction of duty to work Church lands," "Failure to appear before Church panel," "Adultery."
Lots of adultery.
She signed them all.  Then she came to one that was unusual.
"Heresy."
She blinked at that one and scanned for information.  "Andre Petar Polgar."
Her stomach sank and she could hear her heart throbbing in her head.  Andre, what did you do?
The details were scant.  "HERESY – for distributing materials that run counter to the Holy Church's teachings on the Lords of Kobol and morality."  The page also included their address.
She picked up the warrant from her desk and slyly looked toward the squadroom.  Six officers were present dealing with paperwork and suspects.  A typical morning.  She folded her husband's warrant and slipped it into her jacket.
What will we do?  I can make this disappear for now, but then what?
She decided to continue with her work until she could think of something.
The next warrant also read, "Andre Petar Polgar."
"Gods above."
"BLASPHEMY – for distributing materials that besmirch the image of the Lords of Kobol or the Holy Church of Illumini."
She folded that one and put it in her pocket with the other one.  
After that, she scanned and signed each of the remaining warrants until they were all finished.  Her husband's name didn't appear on any others.
"Here you are, Tomas."  She placed the stack on the officer's desk.  "Get someone else to go out with you, I have to, uh, go home."
"You don't look very well, lieutenant."
Rada nodded.  "Right.  Have a safe shift."
"Thank you.  Get well."
She waved as she walked to the stairwell and went down.  Once in the foyer of the building, she looked toward the exit and then decided to keep descending.  In the basement, she quickly found the evidence room.  
"Hello, lieutenant."
Polgar was almost startled by the old woman, but she faced the sergeant and smiled, "Good morning, Lyuba."
"How can I help you?"
"I just had a Church warrant come to my desk with a familiar name."  She nodded toward the fenced-in room.  "I wanted to look at an old file of mine and see if they're the same."
"Taking anything out?"
"No."
Lyuba flicked her hand dismissively toward the gate.  "Go right ahead.  Key's in the lock."
"Thanks."
Rada walked through the narrow aisles toward dust-covered evidence boxes and folders.  She thumbed through the pages of the log book until she saw the correct dates, then she noted the numbers that should appear on the box she sought.  Quickly, she turned, reached above her head for the box, and set it on the floor.  After she opened it, she saw the stacks of cash wrapped in twine atop pages of documents.  Eight thousand lei.  Seized from criminals who defrauded a company.  That company was itself later dissolved because of their owners' own illegal actions, so the money in evidence that would have been returned to them couldn't be.
She lifted the first bundle and measured its heft.  Then she unbuttoned the top of her jacket and slipped it in.  She did the same to the second.  The third and fourth would have to fit into her jacket's waist pockets, and though it was tight, they did.  She put the box back on the top shelf and gave herself a pat.  She felt incredibly conspicuous and froze.  She then smoothed her clothing down as much as she could and left.
"Thank you, Lyuba."
"Is that all you need?"
"It is.  Goodbye."
She went up the stairs and out the doors of the police station.  Before her, the city of Illumini stood.  The tall government buildings were in the distance, as were the pyramid-like temples and buildings of the Holy Church.  She ground her teeth as she thought about them, and then she spared a portion of that anger for her husband.
Polgar planned to head toward the university to find him, but after she felt the way her jacket moved against her as she descended the police station's steps, she decided to head home, instead.  The walk wasn't long but she was self-conscious the entire time.  Every step felt awkward, as though everything she did had to seem normal and that required great effort.  Finally, she reached their apartment building and went inside.
"What are you doing home?"
She closed the door behind herself and glared at him.  "Why are you here?"
"I don't have a lecture until midday."  Andre picked up a piece of fruit and put it in his mouth.  As he chewed, he said, "What do you have in your pockets?"
Anger.  It throbbed in her to the point that she wanted to get her baton and beat him about the head repeatedly.  Instead, she took off her gray police jacket and tossed it onto the couch.  She reached into one of the inner pockets and removed the two warrants.  "This."  She walked toward the dining table and dropped them.
Andre looked at her in confusion and opened the first one.  His eyes bulged and his mouth fell open.  "'Blasphemy!'"  He read it over and over again, so she opened the second one and gave it to him.  "'Heresy?'"  He looked up at her shook his head, "I … I don't understand."
"You have no idea at all," she was yelling, "how you came to be charged by the Church for those crimes?!"
He slumped back in his chair and continued to stare at the papers.  "I turned in my latest paper.  'A Study of Comparative Religion on Gemenon.'  Is it heresy to outline what other faiths believe, even if they're monotheists?"
She rolled her eyes and fell into her chair, "You went into monotheism again?"
"I had to!" he yelled.  "It's comparative religion!"
"You were in trouble the last time you did!"
"I know!"  He shook his head and pushed the warrants away.  Then, he scowled, "Or maybe it's because I cited writings that were excluded from the Sacred Scrolls after the Sixth Church Council."
Rada groaned and laid her head on the table.  "If the Church doesn't want it, neither should you!"
"No," he shook his head, "you know that's not how I think."
"And what about the blasphemy?"  She sat up again.  "Does that count as blasphemy?"
"Perhaps."  He looked away, "Or it may be my lectures on the cults of Gemenon that have been revived in recent years."
"Oh my gods!"
"I only know about them from the Inquest!  The hearings are open to the public!"
She stood and walked toward her jacket.  She brought it back to the table and set it down before picking up the warrants.  "Listen to me," she said as she walked toward their wood stove.  "We need a plan.  Now."  She tossed them inside.  Once she saw them begin to burn, she closed the cast-iron door.
"A plan?  You've burned the warrants!  How can we fight them if …"
"There's no fighting the Church.  You know that."  He looked down and said nothing.  "The Church will know, eventually, when you're not arrested that something is amiss."  She sat at the table.  "They'll then trace the warrants to the police lieutenant on duty, who happens to be your wife."
"How long do we have?"
"I don't know.  Weeks, perhaps.  Maybe even a month or more, depending on how busy they are."
"Good."  He nodded quickly and braced himself on the table.  "Good."
"I do have this."  She opened one of the pockets and removed a stack of bills.
Andre's eyes widened.  "What have you done?  Did you empty our accounts?"
"That would've been too suspicious first thing.  We can do that later.  This is from the evidence room.  From an old case."
He nodded once and sat still, staring at the money.
In the silence that followed, Rada watched him.  He made no move to speak.  He could only try and salve whatever inner voices were making themselves heard.  She had seen it too often before.  Slowly, he began to deflate.  The excitement of the moment passed and he was left with reality, a reality that, like so many others before, he could only barely handle.  Rada sensed it was coming.  The moment when he was ready to give up.
"You should go without me."
Exasperated, she said, "I'm not going to do that."
"Why?"  Tears welled in his eyes and his mouth contorted as he sought the words.  "How many times have we been in places like this because of me?  Because I chose the wrong field?  Because I said or did the wrong thing?  Because I … couldn't get out of bed.  It's never been this bad," he used a finger to flick the edges of the money, "but it's happened before."
"It has."
"Why haven't you left me?"
She lowered her head.  How many times must I answer this question?  "Because you're my husband.  Because I love you."
Andre shook his head.  "How is that enough?"
"Just be content that it is."
He wiped his eyes and stared at the bills.  "So.  What do we do?"
"We go to the cosmodrome and book passage to Caprica."
"Caprica."  He nodded.  "Good.  We can live there."
"No.  Caprica has an extradition treaty with Gemenon.  Most of the colonies do."
"What does that mean?"
"It means, once the Gemenon government and the Church get word that a heretical, blasphemous philosopher and his thieving wife have fled, they can ask Caprica or almost any other colonial government to find us and send us back."
Andre leaned his elbows onto the table and began pulling at his hair.  "We can't just change our names and go somewhere to blend in with the crowd?"
You would never survive that way.  "No.  There's a place we can go, I think."  She pulled the remaining stacks of cash from her jacket.  "It might take all of this to get there, though."

The hatch of the transport opened and she looked out onto Aquarion.  A cold wind blew, of course, but she was surprised to see rust-colored volcanic ash, called tephra, sweep across the surface.  Clumps of green moss clung around the bases of lampposts and on small boulders and knolls.  Only a few faint wisps of white snow stretched toward her view from the hills in the distance, yet she had expected nothing but whiteness.
"Is this it?" Andre asked.  The pair stood next to each other in the hatch wearing their newly acquired heavy coats and with five bags and trunks behind them.  Rada nodded and scanned the horizon.  Away from the airfield, there were many low-to-the-ground structures.  Too far away to make out yet.  
"I've naught to pick up," the Aerilan pilot said, "so if ye don't mind."
"Certainly," she said as she gathered a few of the bags.  "Thank you again."
"Aye."  Once Andre was clear of the ship with the rest of their luggage, the pilot closed the hatch and the engines whirred with a start-up sequence.  Hurriedly, they ran across the field to the nearest lamppost and caught their breath there as the craft lifted off.  
"No one to welcome us?" he asked.
"Why would there be?" Rada answered as she gathered her bags and walked toward the buildings.  The first few she saw were made of sheet metal, it seemed.  Some were solely made of stone; dark, shaped bricks with a tan mortar.  Others had a stone foundation with metal walls.  The roofs of all the structures were highly pitched and some of the smaller buildings only featured one angle to the sloped roof, with the flat side facing east.  As she noticed this, she saw that all the buildings were oriented in the same direction.  The wind, I guess.
"Not much snow," he huffed as he lugged the trunk and his bag.  "Not as much as I thought."
"Me either."  They saw a few people in the distance congregating around a building with a single, naked light bulb by the door.  They stared but offered no help.  A larger structure was before them and, judging by the unfamiliar red and blue flag that fluttered outside it, Rada believed it to be the government building.  They walked around the largely round shape and finally came to a metal door.  Once inside, she dropped the bags and pulled back the hood of her coat.  "Hello?" she called out.  The room was spacious and filled with seats.  Support posts dotted the area and the emptiness creaked as the metal panels of the roof were pushed by the wind.
"Is this a temple?"
"No."  She rolled her eyes.  They'd had four weeks of travel and he didn't study up on his new home at all, it seemed.  "They don't go in for temples."
"That's good."  Andre began to amble around the room, looking at posters and signs on the walls.  Most of the posters offered trade in the form of labor.  
She went back to the door and said, "I think we should go visit those people over there.  At least they could tell us who to speak with."  He returned to her side and put his hood up again.  Rada opened the door and walked out into the wind, squinting to keep the cold from her eyes.  They walked around the building and came to the adjacent one with the single light bulb again.  No one was outside this time, but the Polgars went to the door and pulled it open.
Inside they found what looked like a tavern.  A counter was islanded in the center of the room with stools around its edge.  Tables ringed it in the open floor and against the outer walls.  Two small performing stages were in the far corners.  Several people were congregated around the central bar with a few tables occupied at various points around the room, too.
Rada smiled at seeing something familiar and she walked right to it.  The man behind the counter looked at her with narrowed eyes and a furrowed brow.  "You're new."
"We are, yes.  I'm Rada Polgar and this is my husband, Andre."  He nodded toward the people.  "I was wondering whom I might speak to about … well, living here."
The bartender laughed and looked at an old man slumped against the bar.  "This is the governor of Aquarion right here."
"Stop it," the man said.  He straightened and gathered some of his long, silver hair from his shoulder and tossed it toward his back.  He pushed an empty glass near the bartender and stood from his stool.  "I'm Hagan Richter."  He offered his hand to both and they shook it.  "I'm as close to a leader as we have, I suppose."
"I see," she again smiled to make herself seem overly friendly, even if she didn't feel it.  "Was Lenore your mother?"
"Mm-hm," he scratched his head and looked around the room.  "Yeah, I came with her, what?"
"Thirty years ago," a woman at the bar said.
"Yeah, thirty years."  He gestured toward the woman and said, "Only a few of us originals left."
"My wife tells me the first group just wanted to get away from everything."
He nodded.  "Yeah.  Pretty much.  Tired of being told what they can or can't do.  Tired of war.  Tired of the gods, well, mostly the gods' followers.  Here," he shrugged, "we do what we want and help each other at the same time."
"It sounds wonderful," Rada said as Hagan waved them toward the exit.  They followed close behind him and were surprised when he stepped outside without a coat.  His pace quickened a little, however, and they returned to the large building from before.  
Seeing the luggage, he asked, "Yours?"
"Yes, sorry."  Richter walked toward a desk on the far side of the round room.  "We weren't sure where to go."
"The meeting house is a good start."  He sat behind the desk and pulled a sheet of paper toward himself.
"This is the meeting house?" Andre asked.
He looked up toward the ceiling and around.  "Of a sort.  When we have need for meetings larger than the houses."
"The bar," Rada pointed over her shoulder, "is a meeting house then?"
"Yeah.  There's four or five now around the city."  He unfolded a map.  "People like to congregate there for meals or meet up to talk or barter."  He pointed to a small square.  "There."
The Polgars walked to the side of his desk.  "Yes?"
"Your house can go there."
Andre looked confused.  "It's not already built?"
"No.  We only build what we need."
"Alright."  She reached into her coat and said, "We still have about fifteen hundred Caprican cubits.  And about six hundred Canceran tolas …"
Hagan smiled.  "Money's no good here."
"I understand that," Rada said, "but how will we get started?  How can we build a home without … anything?"
He leaned back in his chair and folded his arms over his chest.  "Why are you here?"
She looked at Andre and, sheepishly, he stepped forward.  "I was a philosophy professor at the Illumini College."
"Mm.  Gemenon.  I've heard the Church and the government have been working together to, uh," he rolled his hand as he thought, "strengthen the moral fabric of the people or some such."
Polgar nodded and kept his gaze low.  "Yeah.  The Church put out a," he took a deep breath, "blasphemy and heresy warrant against me."
Richter laughed.  "Now that is something.  Why did they do that?"
"I wrote papers discussing other religious viewpoints, criticizing the Church in places," Hagan continued to chuckle, "and the gods."
"Well, you see, here on Aquarion, we like that kind of thing.  I know a dozen people right now with the goods and muscles you'll need to get your house built.  There's probably a dozen more that I haven't thought of yet.  All of them would be happy to do the job if you'll read them a blasphemous, heretical bit of philosophy."
Andre shook his head in disbelief, "Are you serious?"
"Yeah.  That's the barter system, professor."  He pointed to the large trunk still by the door.  "You bring more of your blasphemy with you?"
As he looked back at the luggage, Polgar said, "More papers.  Books.  And, no, I don't think the Church would like it all."
With a wide smile, Richter said, "Then you're likely to be just fine."
III
GRAVES
1,824 Years After Colonization

Oscar stood on the landing field for more than a few minutes after the transport took off.
Surely someone will come soon.
He looked over the eight crates of scientific equipment and two trunks of personal effects.  There was no way he could carry those things himself.  He shivered against the wind despite his coat and watched as a few flakes of snow fell from the sky.  "I thought it was summer here," he muttered.
A few minutes later, he spied a woman with a dog walking on the far end of the field.  She stared at him as her pet lifted its leg against a sand-colored boulder of volcanic ejecta.  Then she began to walk away.
"Excuse me!" Graves called out.  He raised his hand and began to jog toward her.  "Excuse me!"  She stopped and waited for him to get nearer.  She said nothing and made no move toward him.  Now out of breath, the young man panted as the large dog sat before him and extended its snout so it could sniff his pants.  "I am Professor Oscar Graves, late of Wilton College.  No doubt you've heard of my coming."
Her expression didn't change.  "I hadn't heard."
"Oh.  A letter was sent."
"I didn't get a letter."
Sensing the futility, he scanned the nearby – to his eye – ramshackle buildings for a sign of anyone else.  Seeing no one, he said, "Perhaps there is a constable or mayor to whom I might speak?"
She nodded with a grunt and pointed toward the buildings.  "Look for Hagan Richter.  He's the closest we have to either."
"Obliged," he tipped his hat and she and the dog walked away.
He returned to his crates and trunks before he looked at the buildings.  He sighed, shook his head, and began to walk.  
"Hello there," someone said as Graves went by.  "You appear to be new."
Oscar turned and saw a man wearing only canvas overalls, painting a colorful mural on the side of a stone house.  "Greetings," the Virgan said slowly.  "I am new here, yes."
"Ah."  He added a stroke of green to the hair of a woman.  "What do you do then?"
"I'm a scientist."  The painter nodded and put more green in the woman's hair.  "Might you be Mr. Hagan Richter?"
He chuckled.  "No.  You can call me Herman."
"Oh.  Well, Herman, might you point me in the direction of Mr. Richter?"
"You were going the right way.  Sorry to have waylaid you."
"Not at all."  Graves looked at the mural again and wondered about the distorted proportions and colors of the people.  "Good day."  He tipped his hat and walked again.
He finally came upon a group of men and women chatting and laughing outside a larger structure.  They saw his approach and one man said, "What's this then?"
"Good day," Oscar said as he tipped his hat toward them.  "I am looking for a Mr. Hagan Richter.  Might you point me in his direction?"
The heads of everyone in the group swiveled toward a long-haired man at the rear.  He cleared his throat and raised his hand.  "That's me."
"Ah," Graves smiled and stepped past the others with an extended hand.  "Professor Oscar Graves, Wilton College."  Richter shook his hand and looked at him quizzically.  "You received a letter some weeks ago about my arrival?"
"Oh, yeah.  That's why your name was familiar.  Yeah."  He stepped away from the group and waved the Virgan toward him. 
"Has a place been made ready for me?"
Hagan narrowed his eyes and said, "That's not how it works here.  Besides, I understood from your letter that you'd be at the old station."
"Yes, primarily," he scanned the tin and stone homes, "but I had not intended to reside there."
"Oh.  Well, it's about five kilometers east of the town.  It'll be night soon, and I wouldn't recommend going out there now, you being unfamiliar with the terrain and all."
"Certainly."
"I can put you up at the council house.  There's a cot there.  Or we can ask someone if they've a spare bed."
"Is there no other choice?"  Richter shook his head.  Oscar's face fell and his eyes searched as he tried to think of a congenial way to express his discomfort.  "I thank you."  He couldn't think of a way.
"Now.  What are you here for?  Using the old station for what?"
"Climate studies.  Virgon is considering kobolforming Pallas, a lifeless world in Beta, you know."
"Sure."
"As kobolforming took place here some time ago, I am to study the long-term effects."
"Well, it's the end of summer now, …"
"I saw snow falling earlier."
"You did?  And I missed it?"  He shook his head.  "Damn.  I always like to see the first snowfall of the season."
"I am somewhat surprised there isn't snow here all of the time."
"Everyone is.  We get about four months without it here in Heim.  So, changing the world's environment?"
"Indeed."
"I've read some of the records from the old station."
Graves was stunned.  "You have?"
"Yep.  It seems that all the years and money spent here bought us a few weeks of fifteen-degree days.  Less snow, too, I suppose.  Some of those logs talk about heavy snow and temperatures barely above five during what we call our summer now."
"I'm sorry.  Are you to say that you've read the logbooks of Queen Mary Station?"
Hagan said, "Yeah.  Been there more than a few times, too."
Oscar scoffed.  "That is the property of Virgon, sir."
One side of his mouth turned up.  "And Virgon abandoned it fifty years ago, right?"
"Entirely beside the point!  It is a scientific research station with sensitive instruments and records under the sole command of the kings, queens, and universities of Virgon."
"Yeah, about your instruments," Richter stroked his beard, "I should tell you that the station has been stripped for parts more than a few times."
"What?"
"We've got almost five hundred people now in Heim.  Geothermal energy requires a lot of piping and that's a lot of metal for our radiators and such.  The station had been abandoned, so …"
Graves took off his hat.  "Pirates!  You've plundered the king's property!"
"Call it salvage.  That's closer to the truth."
"This is untenable!  I demand to speak to the authorities!"
The older man seemed weary and simply said, "There are none."
"This shouldn't be!  By rights, the station is still the king's!  Bequeathed to the universities of Virgon …"
"Now, listen, m'lord," Hagan interrupted.  He extended his finger and pointed it toward Oscar's chin, "the king isn't here and he's not likely to be anytime soon.  We are here now and we have been here for thirty years.  If you wanna go plant your flag at the old monitoring station, you do that.  We'll leave you be."  He turned and started to walk away.
Graves was frozen in place and finally asked, "What about my luggage?"
Without looking back, Richter barked, "Ask someone to borrow a cart.  And ask nicely!"

He had been in the station for four days.  As he expected, when he arrived, he found the place cold and nearly gutted.  The logbooks were there, to his surprise, and they were intact, so far as he could tell.  Some of the instruments were also intact.  Likely because these scoundrels could find little use for such things.  The instruments he had brought with him remained in their crates until he could find a means to power them and protect them from the growing cold.
Nestled in the small hills east of Heim, the station looked out over the wide, barren plain.  The tan tephra was being slowly covered by white snow that blew in from the south.  He had gathered clumps of moss he found growing around the station and along the way from the town, and he knew that the natives had the means to prepare it for consumption, but he had no idea how.  He took a bite of one on his second day, after he had washed the ashy soil from it and found nothing but the bitter, grainy flavor of dirt.  There was a hint of brightness, almost something minty, and he felt that must be the natural flavor of the moss, but he still didn't know how to bring it out. 
He also found a few other plants along the way, including the bulbous winter cactus.  It stored water during the somewhat warmer weeks and was able to contain it without ice crystals rupturing its cell membranes during the rest of the year.  Supposedly, it also was used in the local cuisine, but he found nothing flavorful in his only bite of it.
Wood and fabric covered the windows of the station and filled some of the cracks.  Sun warmed the dark-colored roof and some of it radiated down into the rooms.  The geothermal radiators had been removed, of course, so there was no way to heat the place without the sun.  No wood could be found; it was a rare commodity on Aquarion, though there was a fireplace in one of the central chambers.  The old scientists must have brought their own supply.
Oscar stood in the main instruments room and listened to the wind howl against the side of the building.  The air was cold and stung his cheeks.  He was bundled tightly, as he had been ever since he arrived, and he couldn't fully lower his arms.  If he managed to catch a whiff of himself, he smelled his own stench and recoiled.  He closed his eyes and remembered home.
Likewise alone.  Likewise shunned.  Given the small office at Wilton College, the least desirable classes to teach, the worst research topics.  He knew why.  
"You recall your mother, don't you?" his father had asked him.
"Certainly," he had answered.
"Never allow yourself to behave as she did."
An upper-class man who, when young, fell for a lower-class working woman.  A child was conceived and thus was the father trapped for a time.  His mother was outgoing and gregarious.  Loud and boisterous.  Everything that his father was not.  She was quick to smile and to love, and his father was entranced by it.  When she died, Oscar was ten and his father was freed of the responsibilities of that marriage.  He allowed himself to return to his old life and he brought the boy with him.  Soon, he had shed the habits and speaking styles that could be traced to his mother.  He became a copy of his father, both in mannerisms and in thought.
On Aquarion, Graves opened his eyes and knew that his father couldn't survive here.
He put the bins of moss he had gathered into his sled and began the walk to Heim.  He arrived shortly before sunset and went to the first meeting house he could find.  A man strummed a guitar in one of the performing corners and Oscar pulled back his hood as he approached the counter.
"How can I help you, m'lord?"
His eyes leapt toward the bartender's and he saw the wry smile there.  Graves forced himself to smile, too, and he said, "I have a need for food, supplies, and, possibly, some assistance.  I know of the barter system here and I've collected a bit of the moss that is used for cooking.  I had hoped that I might offer it in trade."
The man nodded and leaned against the bar.  "Sure.  Lemme see."
"I will return."  
Oscar went outside to the cart and grabbed the first of the tall bins.  As he walked, he dwelled on being called, "m'lord."  It stung when Richter called him that the other day, but, at least in Graves' mind, it was justified.  Knowing that Hagan had told others and that he might have to endure the insult daily was something he couldn't bear.  He thought again and again about his behavior when he arrived and damned himself repeatedly for it.  He hefted the first large bin and carried it into the building.  He set it down before the counter and the bartender straightened, staring down at the heaping pile of green matter.
"That's …"
"There's more."
He returned to the cart and got the second container.  When he pushed the door open, he saw that the bartender and two others were now at the side of the first bin, perusing its contents.  Graves didn't know what this meant, so he set the second beside the first and turned back toward the door.
"There's more?" a woman asked.
"One more."  
The people seemed energized and Oscar grinned as he lifted the third and final bin.  When he reentered, he saw that the entire establishment was around the first two containers, including the man who had been playing guitar.  Graves placed the third one next to the others and the crowd went silent and stared at him.
Feeling under examination, he looked from person to person and then down at the bins.  "This last one has some winter cactus, as well.  And a few other plants I didn't recognize."  At the same time, all their heads tilted toward the containers.  "Have I done something wrong?"
"No," someone said as she knelt by one of the containers, "we're just surprised you got so much in just a few days."
"Oh.  Most of this I collected on my way to Queen Mary Station."
"In one day?" the bartender asked.
"Yes."
The kneeling woman lifted a clump and said, "This is red ring moss.  If you see more of this, grab it."
Graves looked at it and said, "It's green."
"When the snow begins to clear in spring, it has a reddish tint to it.  And it usually only grows in circles or in rings around posts and such."  She pinched off a bit of the green and squeezed it between her fingers.  She then sniffed it and nodded.  "So good."
"I am glad to hear it."  He clapped his hands and faced the bartender again.  "I hope that this is sufficient to purchase what I require."
"M'lord," the man said as he picked up a lobe of winter cactus, "all of this will get you just about anything you want."
Oscar was genuinely surprised.  "Well.  I need equipment and assistance to restore the geothermal heating system.  Some insulation for the station.  Assistance to set up my wind turbine to power my instruments."  He looked toward a nodding man.  "Are you able to aid me?"
"Yeah.  Me and a few others I do work with.  We can get the stuff you need and come help."  He pointed to one container, "For that bin."
Graves leaned toward the bartender and quietly asked, "Is that a good offer?"
"I would say so.  Summer's ending and you need those radiators now."
"Very well.  I accept."  
The man nodded once more and lifted it.  He grunted and said, "I'll meet you here in the morning to arrange things."
"Thank you."  He looked at the woman as she smelled a blade of long grass.  He saw that she wore a white smock smeared with stains.  "You are the chef here, correct?"
She laughed.  "Cook.  Yeah."
"Might I give you the rest and simply come to you for meals?  Consider it withdrawals from my deposit."
"Absolutely," she said as she stood and wiped her hands on her pants.  "You keep bringing bins like that, you can eat for the rest of your days."
"Thank you."  Oscar smiled and leaned toward the bin nearest him.  He lifted a large clump and handed it to the bartender, "And for this, I would ask that you never call me, 'm'lord,' again."
The man laughed and took the moss.  "Yes, sir."
"Have you any alcohol, perhaps?"
"I do, I do."  He walked back to his usual place and picked up a bottle.  After he poured some in a glass, he handed the light brown, fizzy liquid to Graves.  "Birch beer."
"Birch?  I thought Aquarion had no trees?"
"We don't.  There's some tuberous roots that grow near vents and the volcanoes.  They have a sap in them like birch trees."  He gestured toward it.  "Birch beer."
Oscar sipped it and immediately felt the stinging flavors and alcohol throughout his mouth.  He swallowed and groaned the entire time as the group laughed.  "Good gods, that's horrible."
"I brew it myself," the bartender said.
"Then you may have the remainder."  He put the glass back on the counter.  "Now," Graves looked around at the others, "how does one get a bath on Aquarion?"
IV
POLGAR
1,824 Years After Colonization

"'Revolutionary monotheism is based on the distinction between true and false, between one true god and the rest of forbidden, false, or nonexistent gods.  Monotheism is based not on evidence but on revelation.  It is not a matter of cognition but of commitment.  It requires adherents to make a conscious decision to accept revealed truth and reject deceitful evidence.'"  Andre looked up from his pages and saw that of the three people before him, one, at least, was still conscious.  "'The distinction between true and false refers, in its ultimate meaning, to the distinction between God and the world.  Revolutionary monotheism,'" he emphasized, "'worships an extramundane or transcendent god, whereas the deities of polytheism create and animate the world from within and constitute its life.'"  The conscious one now yawned.  Polgar sighed and continued, "'The negative or antagonistic energy of revolutionary monotheism finds its expression, not always in factual history but also in textual memory, in scenes of violence such as the war between the Olympians and the god "whose name must not be spoken" from Kobol's antiquity, the tale of Mithras and the calf, or the brutal siege of Moreni on Gemenon.  This violence is not solely a matter of history but of semantics.'"  He looked up and said the last line from memory, "'However, there were always situations when such semantics led to political action.'"
The yawning man nodded and stood.  "Pretty good.  I liked your other ones better, though."  He began to walk away, "We're square on the sheet metal."
"Thank you," he called out.  When he did, one of the two others awakened.  
She looked around and smiled at Andre.  "Good nap.  You can come get the fleece this evening."  She patted his shoulder and went to the bar.
He stood and left the performing corner.  He saw Rada sitting at a table near the exit and sat with her.  "How did it go?" she asked.
"Same as last time."  He looked toward the metal table and slowly sank into the seat.
"You're still reading your papers as they were written."  She lowered her head to catch his eyes.  When he looked at her, she said, "They were written for academics and philosophers.  These are artists and musicians.  Workers.  You can keep the points intact.  Just change the way they're conveyed."
"I know.  That will require a lot of work."
Her nostrils flared.  "Then you need to do it."
His mouth twisted and he looked away.  "I'm sorry."
"Stop."
"It's my fault!"  He began to weep, "We're stuck here, not just here on Aquarion, but in this position, because of me.  It's always been my fault.  You should've stayed home."
She looked toward the bar and wished they had something like vodka.  "You can't live the way you did before, writing papers for the College.  You have to write for these people now.  Write what they like and in a way they'd like to hear.  It's the only way."
He shook his head and slumped against the wall.  "I don't know if I can change."  Rada stood up from the table and he looked toward her.  "Where are you going?"
"Out."
She left the meeting house and into a gust of wind.  She pulled the edges of her coat together and fastened it tight.  Then she began the walk toward the harbor.  
Heim passed by quickly enough.  Soon, there were storage buildings and racks for canoes and small boats.  Huts by the docks.  A shack on the shore.  Coming up from the longest pier, she saw a pair of people walking back to town.  With her hands in her pockets, she pulled the coat tighter against her body and walked toward them.
"I didn't know you could still get a boat out," she asked.
"Yeah," an older woman said as she looked back to the water.  "The ice hasn't formed up yet and the 'bergs haven't come callin'."
"Good catch today," Hagan Richter tilted the basket so she could see.  
"Very good."  Polgar got by his side and she said, "I have a strange question for you."
"No surprise from newcomers.  Go ahead."  
They walked off the pier and into a light swirl of white snow that blew at their feet.  "What kind of crime do you have here?"
Both of them laughed and the woman said, "Thinking of robbin' someone?"
Hagan shook his head.  "Not much.  Not much.  Petty things.  A fist fight after drinking every now and again.  Stolen supplies.  Half the time, there's a replacement or payment made a few days after such thefts, you know."  He saw her disappointment.  "Why?"
"I was a police lieutenant on Gemenon."
"Oh yeah?"  He kept walking and nodding.  "Well, if there's ever a need for it, I'll know who to talk to."
"Thank you."
"What else can you do?"
"Fish."
"We have a couple of months maybe before the harbor freezes up.  Then you'll have to do your fishing through a hole.  Come by in the morning and Grace here'll take you aboard."  The old woman raised her hand and waved back at Rada.  "You can do that for a spell."
"And after?"
"That's up to you.  Grace doesn't like the hard cold, so you can do her hole fishing.  Or," he scratched his head, "You have other talents, I'm guessing."  She turned toward him slowly and scowled.  Seeing her expression, Richter paused and then eventually understood why she seemed upset.  "No, no.  I didn't mean that."
"Good."
"I mean, are you good with your hands?"  She chuckled.  "Tools?  You know what I mean."
"I do.  I can get by, I suppose."  They stopped walking by the first line of buildings and she looked toward the sea.  "After fishing season's done, put me in touch with some of the people who do work around town.  I can join them."
"Good.  I'll do that, lieutenant."  He smiled as he said it, but hearing that was like a small stab in her chest.  He saw her downcast nature and put his hand on her arm.  "I know your being here wasn't your doing.  Not even your best option, most likely.  We'll be happy to get to know you.  We're happy to know all kinds here, even former police.  It'll just take time."
She nodded and weakly said, "Thank you."
As he left, Rada thought again about her husband.  They moved from Oranu to Illumini years ago because Andre lost his teaching job.  He had been depressed for weeks and she couldn't rouse him from it.  She knew there was little to do but be there and listen, and she was, but here they were again, just a few years later.  Rada thought back to each episode like that and how painful it was for them both.  How much it exhausted her to be the lifeline.  But she made a commitment and she would abide by it.
She looked at the harbor again before she walked back into Heim.
V
GRAVES
1,825 Years After Colonization

The gurgling in the covered metal basin continued and he listened along the length of pipe.  His ear came near the crudely coiled tubing and once he heard the bubbling reach it, he turned the valve above the empty jug.  Clear liquid poured forth and filled one and a half jugs altogether.  Oscar smiled and brought the first to his lips.  The alcohol was still warm but that sensation was soon flooded away by the piercing of a sharp, minty flavor over his tongue.  When he swallowed, the taste became pure fire and it burned its way to his stomach.
His body shook and, in his spasm, he nearly dropped the jug.  After setting it down, he wrenched his head to one said and managed to say, "Ghastly."  Satisfied, however, he put the cork in each and picked them up.
He walked into the meeting house and set both on the counter.  "Clement, good sir.  I have something for you instead of your foul birch beer."
"Oy," a woman said from a stool nearby.  She lifted her glass, "I like it."
He tipped his hat, "And may the gods continue to bless you, ma'am."  The bartender came to the jugs and looked them over.  "You may appreciate this, even though I've just made it myself."
"Mm."  He took the cork out of one and sniffed.  His eyes went wide and he grinned.  "Strong, isn't it?"
"Very."  He took off his gloves and stuffed them in the pockets of his coat.  "Where is dear Ornella?"  
A door at the back of the room opened and the cook emerged, wiping her hands on her smock.  "Who calls?"  She bent over to see around the bartender and smiled, "Oscar!"
"Come, lovely lady, and partake of my creation."  There were now eight people gathered around the jugs and Clement had put out several glasses, all mismatched.  "I present to you," he lifted one of the jugs and began to pour, "Red Ring Moss Liqueur."
"You're joking!" someone said.
"I am not.  I have spent," pour, "the last three months of this painfully dire winter," pour, "perfecting a means of making a sugarless liquor.  A 'snap,' as my father used to call it.  Something to be downed at once for fear that it lingers on the tongue," pour, "from the moss that seems to favor Queen Mary Station."  He filled the last and corked the jug again.  He lifted his own glass, as did everyone else, "To our collective health."
All of them drank the liquid and there immediately followed a chorus of howls, growls, and exclamations.  
"Vulcan's fire," Clement said.  "That is," he paused to catch his breath, "something."
"I could taste it!" Ornella said.  "The red ring moss!  I tasted it."
"Now," Graves raised a finger to get everyone's attention, "slowly and softly, breathe from the depths of your lungs into your mouths and hold it there."  They did as they were asked and smiles erupted from the group.
"I can taste it!"
"The mint.  It's so strong."
A large hand clapped Oscar on the back and the man said, "Pour another."
"Quantities are limited."  He pulled the jugs close to his chest and began to mime that he would be removing them from the bar.  "I will happily share more of this, but I do have some needs that require tending."
"Such as?" a woman asked. 
"A mason, or someone similarly skilled, to come to the station and survey its foundations.  I fear its age and the quakes it must have experienced have shifted it, causing cracks and who knows what else."
She nodded.  "I'll get Georgie.  We can look at it and shore it up."
"I thank you.  Fetch Georgie now and we can have an evening of it."  She smiled and left.  Graves looked at the others and he released the jugs.  "Dried goods for my pantry."
"You're good for it," the cook said.
"I had hoped so, dear Ornella.  My instruments require greater power than I anticipated so I have need of some materials and assistance to create another wind turbine."  A man lifted his hand.  "I thank you, sir."  Oscar scanned the crowd and he saw Clement's smirk.  "Well, I suppose I could distribute the remainder so we may enjoy ourselves tonight, but do not feel surprised if I call on you for assistance some other time."  The crowd cheered and he uncorked the jugs again.  "I believe the saying is, 'bottoms up.'"
Citizens came and went for hours.  Other meeting houses emptied, filling this one to capacity.  The jug and a half were emptied of its contents before that point, however.  Still, the party raged and Clement was willing to keep dispensing birch beer and other goods without keeping a mind on the tab.  Ornella cooked until she burned her hand on the oven, too wobbly from three or perhaps four glasses of the moss liqueur.  
Graves couldn't remain with them the entire time.  Once the group swelled beyond fifteen or so, he extricated himself and sat at a table against the wall.  He was content to watch the merriment and games.  People came by and congratulated him on the drink until after it was gone, with one man saying, "You should give up sciences and take up distilleries!"
He was tired.  Not counting his sample at the station early in the afternoon, he only had two glasses of the stuff.  He didn't feel lightheaded, however.  Just drained.  He recognized it for what it was, a kind of social fatigue.  He felt it often over the years, especially in large groups or at parties.  The energy and effort to see and be seen by so many was taxing.  Oscar lacked that which came so naturally to his mother.  His own nature was inherited from his father and bolstered by his rearing.  Such things were difficult to overcome at times.
Light twinkling music drew his attention.  He looked toward the nearest performing corner and saw a blond head low to the piano.  He stood and walked toward it and there was a young woman on the stool with her long fingers playing across the keys.
He sat at the table nearest and said, "Hello.  I don't believe I recall seeing you."
She shook her head.  "You haven't."
"My name is Oscar Graves."
She stopped playing and looked up, but without looking at him.  "Nanshe."
His eyebrows raised slowly.  "Lovely name.  I've not heard its like."  She played further and he relaxed.  The notes fell over him and drowned out the revelry, though it was now on the decline.  
Once the song was done, she turned and looked at him.  "What do you do?"
"I'm a scientist.  I study the weather, mostly."
"That sounds interesting."
"It is."  He looked into her brown eyes and smiled.  "But you don't want me to tell you about it now."
"Why not?"
"Because it is late.  And I have two drinks in me."  She grinned and he felt a burst of energy at its sight.  "What do you do?"
"I play the piano."  She started to again.
"Is that so?  I hadn't noticed."  She chuckled.  "Is that why you are here?"
"It's what I do here.  It's not why I'm here."
"Why are you here?"
She shook her head.  "Some other time."  She focused on her playing and it became faster.
After a few moments, he asked, "Where did you learn?"
"Started on Leonis.  Continued to learn on Caprica."
"Wonderful.  You are clearly talented."
"Thank you."  She stopped and studied him.  "Do you not have a coat?"
"I do.  I took it off a little while ago."
"May I see it?"
"Certainly."  He walked back to the table he had been at before and lifted it high as he returned.  "Direct from Virgon.  See?"  He touched the fabric label on the lining.
"It's very nice."
"Thank you."
"Do you have another?"
"Well," he looked toward the door as a pair of people left.  The meeting house was now nearly empty and Clement was asleep, snoring, on one of the tables.  "I do, yet not with me at the moment.  I generally only have need to wear one at a time."
She nodded and kept playing the piano.  "Give me your coat."
"You need a coat?"
"I do.  I have only the light one I left Caprica with."
"Certainly."  He held it toward her for a moment and then retracted it.  "I believe it is customary on Aquarion for such things to be dealt with via trade.  What have you to trade for it?"
She glanced toward him and said, "A song."
Oscar smiled.  "'A song?'  Is that …"  He stopped himself for fear of insulting her.   "'A song?'"
"It's kept me fed since I got here.  Got me a cot, too."
"Congratulations.  I knew you were talented."  He sat again, folded the coat in his lap, and gestured toward the piano.  "Please, play for me a coat-worthy song."
She stopped noodling and took a deep breath.  She firmed her fingers then loosened them.  They brushed against the keys and a soft, mournful ballad emerged.  Graves was immediately entranced.  Then, she began to sing.  Powerfully, achingly.  Hauntingly.
"Heart of my heart, light of my eyes.  Come to me now, precious gem that I prize.  Years that have gone bring back to me.  Your loving face is all I can see.  Patiently waiting your sweet voice to hear.  Trusting your absence and never knowing fear.  Believing you faithful though leagues apart.  Loving you always, heart of my heart.  Forgetting you never, heart of my heart. Days come, years go, hours swiftly fleeting.  Still your image is within my keeping.  None can replace you, though we're apart.  First love, true love, heart of my heart."
Her voice and music conspired to rend Oscar's defenses asunder.  A tear fell over his cheek and his heart pounded in his chest.  The haze from his liqueur had been pushed away.  The weariness of the long day was gone.  He felt vital and eager.  It became focused toward her and he stood from the chair letting the coat fall to the floor.  He took two steps to the side of the piano and knelt before her.  Graves took her hand in his and kissed it, to her shock.  
"The coat is yours."
VI
POLGAR
1,825 Years After Colonization

Today is the day.
The cold air blew over the harbor, between the peaks of the grounded icebergs half-a-kilometer away.  The dark blue water of the sea rippled beneath the small boat and she looked into it for any sign of movement.
"Colder than Hera's tits out here," Grace said.  She held onto the handle of the long net.  "I'm too old for this."
Rada smiled and said, "What else would you do?"
"Eh.  Pick moss."
"You'd have to wait until later in spring for much luck."
"Eh."
Polgar looked back toward the water and turned the wheel on her fishing rod a rotation or two.  Then, the line danced around the edge of a small piece of ice.  "Got something."
"Again?"  Grace leaned toward the edge of the boat.  "It's probably small."
"No."  She turned the wheel back hard.  "It's big.  Be ready with the net."
"I'm always ready."  Finally, she saw the dark shape of something writhing beneath.  Rada crawled to the far end of the boat and began to pull, bracing her feet against the walls.  When it breached the surface, Grace said, "Ooh!  A shark!"
Polgar turned the wheel and pulled again, finally bringing its long, pointed nose above the water and into sight.  The old woman extended the net into the water and caught its flailing tail.  When she had gathered half of it, it fell into the boat and Rada stared at the multiple fins over its blue-green surface, the long, fleshy whiskers by its mouth and gills, and its dagger-like white teeth.  The jaws snapped and it writhed over the boat toward the prone woman, and she backed away again, but Grace thumped the fish in the head with a club three times.  Blood trickled from the shark's nose and it went still.
"The biggest I've seen in a while."  She sat down again and pulled the oar from its holder.  "Good time to stop for the day."
Rada kept staring at it.  "I agree."
At the dock, once the boat was tied off, Polgar took the basket and lugged it up onto the ladder.  Grace called up to her as she gathered her things, "If that's any indication, it's gonna be a good spring!"
"Probably."  
She left the large basket of fish by Grace's door and waved at the old woman as she trudged up from the harbor.  Rada then went to the meeting house nearby and scouted around inside.  Only a few people were there; none were Andre.  She sighed and left.  She nodded and smiled at the people who she passed and went to the next meeting house, the one nearest their home.  Andre wasn't in there either.
Today is the day, then.
She walked to the front door of their home.  The home they had shared for the last eight months.  She put her hand on the latch, depressed it, and walked inside.  There she found Andre on the floor staring at a pile of his work.
Rada didn't breathe.  She glanced toward the small table he once used for his writing.  A table that had been unused now for many weeks.  Blank pages were there, and pencils and pens.  She looked at him again and took a step toward him.  
He shook his head.  "No."
"What?"
"I haven't done anything today."
"I can see."
He looked toward her with full, watery eyes.  "I don't know how you do it."
Matter-of-factly, with no emotion, she responded, "Do what?"
"Get up every day and do the work you have to do to keep us going."
"Because I know it has to be done."
He sniffed.  "How you stay with me."
She nodded.  "Do you recall what I said to you a few weeks ago?"
"What?"
"That you needed to gather yourself.  You need to decide what you are going to do with yourself and godsdamned-well do it."
He looked toward the floor.  "Yeah."
"And you haven't.  Obviously."  He shook his head.  "Right."
She walked toward the bedroom and picked up her small satchel.  It had been packed days before.  She threw the strap over her shoulder and reentered the main room.  
"What are you doing?"
"Leaving."
Andre's mouth fell open and he went pale.
Without facing him, she said, "When you've asked someone for years why they stay with you, don't be surprised when they start to wonder the same thing."
He stammered and crawled toward the small sofa.  "I … I don't understand.  Why?"
She almost laughed.  She shook her head and repeated, "'Why?'"
"Why … now?"
She sat on the edge of the dining table near the door and held the satchel in her lap.  "We've been together for fourteen years.  I have helped you in every way I know possible.  I spoke to you kindly and softly and told you how much I loved you and how good you were with everything you did.  It didn't matter.  The wound was salved for a short time and then we ended up in this place.  Again.  Often with you on the floor and me sitting with you, trying to talk you into you standing on your own.  You never really did, did you?"
"What do you mean?"
"I realized a long time ago that I, no matter how much I loved you or how hard I tried, I was never going to be the one to help you the way you needed help.  That is on your shoulders.  I begged you, years ago, to speak to the doctors at the university.  To discuss yourself and your situation.  You never did."  He was staring at the floor again.  "Yet, I remained with you.  Pushing you toward the only solution, yourself.  I cannot be your tether any longer.  Not if I value myself in the slightest."
She stood up from the table and put her hand on the latch.  As she did, he asked, softly, "What will I do?"
"It's your decision.  If you gather yourself as I said and work on your papers, you can earn your way here on Aquarion.  If you don't, I've left eight hundred Caprican cubits for you under the bed so you might buy your way off this world.  I've taken the remainder.  A Canceran transport is scheduled to land this afternoon and I will depart with it."  He said nothing.  He stared at the floor and made no move at all.  She nodded once more and said, "Goodbye," as she left.
Her coat was unbuttoned and she wore no hood or hat, so the cold wind from the harbor blew against her hard as she walked toward the landing field.  Still, she smiled, because she was now free.
VII
GRAVES
Unknown Years Before Activation

"I was sent to Aquarion as punishment," Oscar said from his seat in the black room.  "Too much of a bother to the faculty of Wilton College.  Too full of my own ideas without the years to justify opening my mouth.  I despised them all."
"You disliked just about everyone, didn't you?"
"Yes."
"A defense mechanism," the other voice said, "so that you wouldn't have to deal with their interactions."
Graves nodded.  "Likely.  Quite likely."
"You are certainly not alone," the female said.  "There are many who shun social settings because of the strain it puts on them."
"True."
"Yet you found a planet of people who changed that."
"Well.  Aquarion had its charms and among them were its people.  Interaction with them was required and I was fortunate that nearly all were pleasant."
"Yet even they did not fully break you from your shell."
Oscar smiled.  "One did.  My Nanshe.  My love with her was true.  And, unlike relationships I have experienced before, of the romantic sort and not, I found her endlessly invigorating."
"And what of Aquarion?  'Endlessly invigorating' as well?"
"Perhaps in a different manner.  It was so different at the first and I had grand plans of changing things.  Of confining a world within what I desired."  He shook his head.  "Pointless.  I never bothered.  I grew to appreciate the people and place for what they were."
"You adapted."
"I did.  For Aquarion and for my Nanshe.  Yes."  He looked away in thought before he softly said, "I adapted to survive."
VIII
BELLO
The Day of the Fall of the Colonies

"That's as far as we go!"  Akina stood from her seat and looked down the aisle of the bus.  "We have to walk from here."
The vulcanologist exited first and zipped her heavy red coat as she did.  The other two buses braked behind hers and soon disgorged their passengers.  Heavily bundled in winter clothes, the group of scientists and visitors gathered near the end of the road.
She raised her voice to be heard, "This is the portion of the trip where we walk!"  She pointed behind herself, "Once we're off the snow-covered tephra, the rock becomes firmer!  Mind any sharp edges you see because it may be volcanic glass and very dangerous!  We have a good hike ahead of us, so let's gather our gear and start moving!"
The drivers of the buses had emptied the cargo bays underneath and the one hundred seventy-six people perused the bags for their own.  They hoisted them onto their shoulders and some of the chaperones lugged the trolleys of extra supplies and equipment.  Slowly, the group walked away from the buses and into the low, dark gray hills.  There was a path, and Akina led the way.  At the top of the first section, she looked down to the road and watched the buses turn around and drive back south.  
"Watch your step," she said.  "There are loose rocks along here."  She stopped at the level portion and let a dozen or so people walk by.  When she rejoined the group, she watched one man as his head scanned from left to right, surveying the ground all around himself.  "What are you looking for?"
He turned around and realized she was talking to him.  "Oh.  Scoria.  My daughter wanted me to bring her back a pretty rock, and I know it can have crystals …"
"Sure.  I usually see scoria in the south.  Better mineral content there for it to form.  Just look for a blue sheen.  That's the first sign."
"OK, thanks."
She quickened her pace to return to the front of the group.  "And if you don't find one, I can give you a piece.  I have plenty of scoria back at the station."
He smiled.  "Thank you."
Bello walked ahead of the others and stopped again, yelling down to the bulk of the hikers, "Once we get to the top, the climb is much easier!"  Within a couple of hours, they arrived on the ridge below Helca.  
"We can take a break here," she took off her backpack and watched as the last of the people came up the path.  "See?"  She pointed toward the volcano.  "Much closer than before."
"Another day or two?" and older man asked.  
"A day.  We'll make camp as high up as we can.  Then we can make short trips to the nearest fissures.  The primary fissure is too large and active to go near on foot, but there's a spot we can go to see it."
"It's still active?"
She looked across the people nearby to see who asked, but she couldn't tell.  "Very.  There are four active volcanoes here in the north.  Seven in the south.  Not to worry, though.  The last major eruption was sixty years ago and we know the conditions Helca experienced before that.  The status is monitored from the station and conditions aren't the same as they were.  Otherwise, we would've cancelled the trip."
No one else seemed to have any questions and she looked for another red-coated scientist.  She spied geologist Jeremy Yazid and nodded toward him.  He said, "Alright, everyone!  You see the white flags on the slope up there?  That's where we're going to make camp for the night!  We can make it by nightfall, but we've got to move on!"  Akina lingered and let Jeremy lead them for a time.  
"So cold," an older woman said.  "I wish we could've done this during the summer."
"It'll get warmer the closer we get," Bello said.  "When we make camp, you'll feel it for sure."
A man behind her asked, "Why didn't we go during the summer?"
A bit of pumice crunched beneath her boot and Akina looked down at the debris.  "Helca was a bit too active then.  And if we waited any later, it would be too cold up here for a trip.  It was now or never."
Complainers.  Always a few every time.
She and the other scientists weren't often enthused for these expeditions.  More tourists than fellow scientists.  Babysitting.  However, doing at least three each year was enough to fill in the gaps of the budget to maintain the research station and provide welcome amenities for those experts who found themselves in the farthest reaches of the Four Systems.  Saving some of the money, too, was a way to fund trips back home.  She was still at least one more tour away from being able to visit Picon for the first time in three years.
The sun was setting and the wind whipped at their backs.  The line of huddled, fur-lined jackets marched up the hill toward the wide flat space, nestled among several boulders.  The guides ahead had already begun to erect the large tents and the tourists mostly sat on the ground, catching their breath.  
"Any problems?" Bello asked as she rejoined the other guides.
"Just a scraped knee," Jeremy said.
"No," the oceanographer, Aubrey Conner, said.
"Good."  Akina took off her pack and helped hammer a post into the rock.  The tent remained standing and she looked into the sky.  "It's a shame Kelly didn't come with us.  They usually like the star talks she gives."  She stood and faced the crowd.  "Time to eat!"
While most of the people talked as they ate their prepackaged meals around the small campfires and lanterns, Bello sat apart, leaning against one of the boulders and looking toward the sky.  Her hood was down and she felt the grit of the rock against the crown of her head.  
"I was on Canceron for a long while," an older man said nearby, "and they very definitely are facing troubles.  The temperature has gone up more than a degree in the last two decades and some of their equatorial cities are experiencing sea level rises."
"And what about Caprica?" a woman asked.
Akina looked up a little to see the people talking and watched the skinny man dwarfed in his heavy coat speak, "Well, they started to change their power generation means over a century ago.  Vehicles are finally beginning to follow.  The effects have been minimized, but they're still present."
A shame Isar didn't come, Bello thought.  He'd like another climatologist to talk to.
"Which one is that?"
"Hmm?"
The man who had earlier been looking for scoria was pointing at a bright star in the sky.  "Is that Gamma?"
"Beta.  Gamma would be brighter."
"Oh."
He was sitting, cross-legged, in his heavy blue jacket.  He took a bite of some kind of fruit or nut bar, still partially wrapped in its foil, and brought his hands back to his lap.  "What's your name?" she asked.
"Stuart.  Stuart Cole."
"I'm Akina."
"I know, Dr. Bello."  
She smiled and closed her eyes.  
A few moments later, he said, "Huh."  She heard him stand, so she opened her eyes.  He raised binoculars to his face and asked, "What's that?"
She looked into the southern sky.  "I don't see anything."
He looked toward her and offered the binoculars.  "I thought I saw a couple of flashes."
"Might be meteors."  She looked where he pointed and saw another flash.  "There's one."
"You saw that, too?"
"Yeah."  She turned the dial on the binoculars to focus better, but she could only see a few distant spots.  She didn't know what they were; only that they weren't stars.  She got to her feet and called out, "Does anyone have a telescope?"
"I do."  A man stood up and opened his backpack.  Bello, Stuart, and a few others crowded around.  He removed the tube and a tripod and quickly erected it.
"What was that?"  Now most of the hikers were looking into the southern sky.  "I saw a flash in space."
"Aquaria has an orbital platform, right?"  A few people nodded.  "An old refueling station?" a woman said.  "Maybe it flew overhead or something."
The telescope man removed the caps and said, "Here you go."
"Thanks."  Akina got on her knees and looked through the eyepiece.  After a dizzying moment of reorienting it, she focused it and found the three dots, though they no longer appeared as dots.  They were all long, six-pointed stars.  They appeared white or perhaps yellow in the light reflected off the surface of the planet or from the light of Delta.  "They're ships, I think."  They were unlike anything she had ever seen and she grew uneasy.
"Can I see?" Cole asked.  She backed away.  He looked into the telescope and described everything while Bello stared into space.  "Whoa.  Yeah, ships.  They look like stars or flowers.  Long arms, six of them."  He then left the eyepiece so the telescope's owner could look.
While Stuart resumed looking through his binoculars, the telescope man said, "One of them's moving.  Fast."  He made small adjustments to the telescope's position.  "It's changing shape.  Now it looks like just … three arms?"
All the hikers were standing and looking south.  They chattered among themselves.
"What are they?"
"It's just some ships in orbit.  So what?"
Akina said aloud, "What is happening?"
From the horizon in the far south, a light swelled.  It grew and grew until it became a flash that spread into the sky over their heads and it was followed quickly by two more flashes.  The crowd gasped and backed away as the glow faded and the night sky resumed its normal appearance.
Stuart lowered the binoculars, blinking his eyes rapidly.  He refocused on her and asked, "What was that?"
Her mouth went dry and she continued to stare at the horizon.  The people around her began to stand and walk around, speaking louder and louder.  Some began to gather their gear.  A few tried to take down their tents.
Ships in orbit.  Three large, distant explosions.  Likely at Heim. 
At that realization, the ground began to quake around them.  It wasn't violent, but instead a light shaking, enough to dislodge equipment from their stands or rocks where they had been placed.  Everyone stopped what they were doing and waited for the tremor to stop, and it did after several seconds, slowly fading away.  Then the group panicked.
Heim is about four hundred kilometers away.  The quake came about a minute after the explosion.  The sound will be here a minute after that.
Bello climbed atop the nearest boulder and waved her arms.  "Everyone!  Quiet!  Quiet!  Stop!"  A few of the people complied, but those farthest from her didn't.  Other guides did the same as she and got onto the rocks or hillside to call for calm.  "Listen!"
On the dark slopes beneath the northern volcanoes, they heard only the wind.  Then, in the silence, there came a low sound from the south.  It never grew in volume beyond a distant angry hum, but it lasted for nearly a minute before it vanished.  Astounded and quiet, the people looked toward her.
Akina nodded.  "This was an attack."  The people gasped again and they began to crowd around.  "I believe those were nuclear weapons, at least three warheads, which struck Heim."  Dear gods.  The research station will be gone, too.  Her throat clenched and she nearly couldn't continue.  After she grunted and cleared it, she said, "We … I will consult with my fellow guides and we'll develop a plan."
She jumped off the rock and walked through the people.  One of them broke the haunted quiet and asked, "What about the other Colonies?"  The dam broke thereafter.
"Who has a wireless?!"
"Who did this?"
"What about Caprica?!  Was Caprica attacked?!"
The group surged toward her, pushing her, and Jeremy reached into the fray and pulled her arm.  "Back off!" he yelled.  "Back off!  We don't know anything!"  The group of red-coated scientists entered one of the tents and stood in a huddle at the center.  A few of them were wiping tears from their eyes and Aubrey simply shook her head over and over.  "Alright.  What do we do?"
"Can we get to the station?"
Bello looked toward the younger woman and said, "Heim was just hit by three warheads.  The station was only a couple of kilometers outside the city.  It's gone."
"But," she looked at the others in horror, "Terry!  Kelly!"
"I know."
"Isar!"
Quinn Mitra put his arm around her shoulders.  "Sun.  Lale.  Mario."  Now she buried her face into his chest and cried.
"OK," Akina said, focusing on Jeremy.  "We have one hundred seventy people here.  We have to find safety and, hopefully, a source of food."
Quinn said, "In the morning, I say we …"
"There's no 'in the morning'," Bello interrupted.  "If this was an attack, then there are enemies up there.  Enemies who may come down here and start hunting for us."  Mitra nodded.  "We have to find a place and leave now."
"Torfi," Jeremy said.  "Dormant caldera.  Lots of tunnels and underground chambers."
"How far?"
"Forty kilometers to the east.  Near the sea."
Akina shook her head.  "That might take a whole week to get there in this terrain."
Another vulcanologist, Felisa Rie, suggested, "Grimes.  It's not very active and there's a trench near the base with tunnels and access to springs."  
"I know that one," Bello said.  "Fifteen, twenty kilometers northwest?"
"Twenty.  Yes."
"OK.  I'm sure Torfi would be fine, but it's too far."
"No, you're right.  Grimes sounds good."
"Are we in agreement?"  Only Quinn, Jeremy, and Felisa appeared to be fully engaged in the conversation.  They nodded while the other guides cried or simply appeared dazed.  "Then let's go."
Outside the tent, they found someone calming and organizing the people.  "It'll be OK.  Yes?  Good.  Now get your pack.  We're going to find some shelter."
"Thank you," Akina said.
A dark man, tall, and with a bald head, turned and smiled.  "Happy to help," he said in a very deep voice.  "In case it's needed at any point, I am a medical doctor."
"Oh, thank the gods," Bello said.  She extended her hand.  "Akina."
"Simon."
"Pleased to meet you."

2 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

The snow blew almost horizontally onto their left sides.  The cold air surrounded them and kept everyone's hands in their pockets and their scarves and hoods pulled tightly around their faces.  The low dome of Grimes' Volcano was ahead, but the trench and tunnels that might provide shelter were nearer.  The sun rose behind them and highlighted the many colored jackets of the scientists and tourists, casting long, dark shadows against the white hills.  
Akina and Felisa reached the edge of the chasm first and looked into it.  The crack extended almost half a kilometer to the east and more than a kilometer to the west.  They knelt so they could look into it better and felt warm air brush across their faces.  
"We should scout along the length to see if there's a good way in," Rie said.
"Agreed."  She waved the other scientists forward and gave them instructions.  While the red-coated guides spread out, walking along the trench, Bello faced the weary crowd of hikers and yelled over the wind, "We've arrived!  We're just looking for a good way in!  Before we go, I want everyone to fill their bottles or canteens with snow!  Only snow!  Be careful not to get any of the dust or ash from the surface of the ground!"
"Why do we need to do that?" someone asked.
"We have to test the water inside first to make sure it's safe.  Water near volcanoes might be dangerously acidic or have other contaminants."  Several nodded and began to scoop up snow.
Akina knelt and removed the pack from her back.  Her mouth was dry, but when she went to one of her water bottles to refill it, she realized that she had hardly drank any of it.  She sighed and gulped some of it down.  Too stressful.  She gave the metal bottle a shake and, feeling the weight, added a couple of handfuls of snow to it.  
"No way down on the east," Felisa said as she approached Bello.
"OK."  She looked toward the west and saw a pair of people running toward them.
"Here!" Aubrey yelled.  She came to a stop and said, "There's a way down over there," pant, "with a running stream and moss."
"Good."  She stood and motioned for everyone to rise.  "Who's got the rope?"
"I do," Yazid said as he pointed to the satchels he carried on the small cart.  
The guides led everyone to the trench and they quickly saw why this place was attractive.  A few meters below the surface, a channel poured clear water into the deep chasm and the walls all around it were coated in thick, green moss.  The walls were pitted with old, open lava chambers and a large, sloped boulder would easily act as the bridge toward them.
"Alright," Bello said, "let's get some rope and pitons and rig up a safe path."
It took almost an hour, but rope guides were placed in the boulder and in the trench walls.  Slowly, the hikers were led down into the chasm and they filled three of the larger chambers by the early afternoon.  
"Water's good," Akina said as she held up the litmus strip to the light near the pouring stream.  "The air is warm, too, thankfully.  But what about food?  There's the moss here, but that's not enough for everyone."
"I've looked at the tunnels before and I've seen moss, fungus, and other plants," Felisa said.  "It's a network.  We'll just have to explore.  There are springs down here, too."
Jeremy jabbed his thumb toward the sky, "There's probably moss out there under the snow.  A lot of the ground near the volcanoes is pretty good for plant life."
"OK."  Bello put the litmus paper back in her bag and stretched her back.  "Felisa, can you and one other start exploring?"
"Sure."
"Don't go too far."
"Quinn," Rie said, "grab some rope.  We'll want to leave ourselves a trail."
"Done."  Mitra slid a couple of bundles over his arm and followed her.
"The rest of us," Akina looked at the other guides, "need to keep confident and keep these people occupied.  Don't let them wander off on their own.  Answer their questions as best you can."  She sighed and realized, "Befriend them.  We're not just guides and tourists, babysitters and babies, anymore."  A few of them nodded and looked toward the ground.  "As far as we know, we're all that's left on Aquaria."
An hour later, Bello was resting near the waterfall, watching the sunlight captured in the spray as it fell into the chasm far below.  On the boulder-bridge to the surface, a woman who had a wireless device was lying prone, extending the long metal antenna into the sky and slowly tuning the dial.  Her head was close to the speaker as she did.  Only static thus far.
"Dr. Bello?"
She turned and saw Stuart.  "Yes, Mr. Cole."
"Stuart's fine."  He looked up toward the sky and said, "Me and Gene, the telescope guy, were wondering if we might set up a watch during the night."
"A watch?"
"Yeah," he sat down on the chamber floor.  "We'd watch orbit for ships.  Rescue ships, hopefully.  And we'd watch the skies toward Heim."
"That's a good idea, thank you."
He smiled and stood, "Sure."  As he brushed off his pants, he continued, "Can I ask the others if anyone else has binoculars or a telescope?  If we have more people, we can set up shifts, or watch together."
"Absolutely."  He nodded and walked away.  She watched him as he spoke to someone and she smiled.  As soon as she did, she stopped herself and looked toward the chasm.
"How long will you be gone?" Franklin had asked.
"At least four years."  She didn't look in his face.  Instead, she busied herself by holding his hand and intertwining their fingers.  "That kind of time on Aquaria will get me the requirements I need and easy grant applications for years."
He held his breath and then slid away from her and out of bed.  He picked his glasses off the nightstand and put them on while he stood before the window.  "I don't know, 'kina."
"I've already signed the papers.  I'm going."
"I know that," he faced her again.  "I'm saying … I don't know what will happen to us."
She frowned and threw the covers off herself.  "You have your own research trip, too."
"Yeah, six months at sea.  On Picon.  You're going a quarter-of-a-light-year away, for four years."
She knew there was no comparison.  "Try to sign on for Aquaria."
He chuckled, "What?"
"Half the scientists at the station are oceanographers or biologists.  They study the sea life, like you'll be doing here."
"I've already done the legwork on Picon sea life.  And I've already signed the papers."
Slowly, she walked toward him.  She didn't raise her head because she wanted to keep an eye on her steps.  The last ones toward him.  "Then maybe this is over."
Franklin blinked a few times and looked up into her eyes.  Without removing his glasses, he kissed her on the mouth and backed away.  He took them off and began to wipe the nose smudge with the curtain.  "Maybe it is."  He shook his head, "I don't want it to be."
It was.  On Aquaria, Bello thought about him often.  The kind, quiet man she went out of her way to befriend.  Lovers for two years and, she had hoped, more.  She wrote him once two years ago.  He didn't write back.  Now … He might be dead.
Someone screamed in a nearby chamber.
Akina jumped to her feet and walked over the uneven ground, over the seated and lying forms of the other tourists.  When people started to get up and crowd toward the disturbance, she raised her voice, "Stay where you are, please!  Everyone!"
The commotion continued and she finally came near the source.  People parted for her and she found a small tunnel leading away from the chamber with two bodies lying still.  Simon was kneeling beside them and shining his light into their faces.
"Doctor?"
He looked up toward the flashlights and squinted, "They're both dead."
"My gods," a woman said next to Bello.  She looked up at the guide and said, "They went into the tunnel a while ago.  I didn't think anything of it, except that they probably shouldn't."
"Right."  When the woman didn't say anything else, Akina asked, "Do you know who they were?"
"No.  I think they served in the military together."
"Yep."  Simon held up a Colonial Fleet identification badge.  
Bello stepped into the tunnel and knelt beside the bodies.  "Can you tell what did it?"
"Their mouths are inflamed.  Blood in the nose and signs of aspiration."  He picked up a fallen canteen, "You might want to test this."
Her shoulders sank and she looked toward the tunnel's entrance.  "Anyone have a litmus strip?"
"Yeah," Jeremy said.  
He handed it over and she swiped it inside the mouth of the container.  The orange strip quickly became bright magenta.  "Very acidic."
Simon shook his head and looked toward the darker side of the tunnel.  "They must've found a contaminated spring or something."
Akina stood.  "Excuse me," she pushed her way out of the small passage and then into the wider chamber.  "Listen to me!  Everyone!  Do not drink any water unless it comes from the waterfall or melted snow!  Two people are dead because they drank contaminated water!"  Several people gasped or covered their faces.  "Do not wander away for any reason!"
"Dr. Bello," Simon said as he approached from behind, "what should we do with the bodies?"
She looked back at the tunnel.  "What can we do?"
"Well, there's no way to cremate them or bury them, but they can't stay where they are."  He watched her lower her head as the pressure weighed on her.  "May I make a recommendation?"
"Please."
He lowered his voice, "It may sound insensitive, but we will need their supplies.  I suggest taking their coats and bags for the group and then, … depositing them in the chasm."
Her head whipped toward the trench.  "I don't know."
"That, at least, would keep them away from us where their decomposition might make us sick.  And they would also help us avoid detection by," he shrugged, "whoever's up there."
"You're right."
"If you'd like," he stepped closer and put his hand on her shoulder, "I can ask around for a priest.  Or at least someone more familiar with the right words to say than me."
"Or me."  She nodded.  "That would be great.  Thank you."  He smiled sympathetically and turned away.
Yazid came up to her and asked, "What are we doing next?"
"Dr. Simon's going to take care of it."
"OK, great."
Akina looked back at him and said, "Jeremy, I think maybe he should be the leader."
He looked around her as Simon reentered the tunnel with the bodies.  "I mean, he might be a good guy and all, but we know Aquaria.  We know these volcanoes and how to survive."
"Yeah."  She walked back toward the waterfall.  "Maybe."
Hours later, after the sun had set, Bello lay on her roll against the wall of the larger chamber near the pouring stream.  She heard footsteps on the boulder-bridge and she rose up to see someone silhouetted against the sliver of visible night sky.  She turned on her lantern and saw Stuart, his face wet with tears.
Akina stepped toward him and asked, "What is it?"
He sniffed and shook his head.  "Nothing."  He wiped his face and tried to walk by. 
"No, no."  She put out her hand and held his arm.  "What is it?"
Cole took a deep breath and looked toward the ceiling.  "I was just up there, on watch, seeing that one ship there like before."
"Not three?"
"No.  Just one."  He sniffed again.  "I didn't see any battlestars.  No other ships.  That's when it hit me.  This wasn't just us.  This was everyone.  Everywhere."
Bello nodded.  "Yeah."
His mouth twisted as the feelings resurfaced.  "My daughter …" he lowered his head and she put her arm around his back, "Caprica."
Franklin.  Her eyes widened and, for the first time, the true scope of it became real for her.  Queenstown.  University.  Picon.  Mom, Dad, Grandma …
When she began to cry, he looked up.  They embraced each other tightly.

5 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

"Having a dedicated room for it makes sense," Quinn said before he sighed, "but we're going to run low on toilet paper soon."
A woman said, "Ugh.  Maybe we should just use cloths and wash them off."
"I think we'll have to, eventually," Akina said.  "Still, I don't know how we'll fashion some kind of seat."
Simon smiled, "Toilet seats are a luxury enjoyed by many Colonial cultures, but in the chawls of Canceron and in places on Scorpia, they simply squat above a hole.  Given our current situation, that may be the best option."
Bello sighed.  "You're probably right."  
Another meeting of the guides, the scientists who led these tours to the volcanoes of Aquaria.  Akina had asked Simon to join them since he was a doctor and he had been such a calming presence.
"How are our food supplies?" Jeremy asked.
Aubrey shook her head.  "Not good.  We can stretch what we have out, ration it, but that would only get us another week.  Maybe a little more."
"The slopes above us have cetraria on it.  Aquarian moss.  It's under a few days' snow, but we can use that."  Felisa gestured over her shoulder, "Quinn and I found some chambers the other day with a lot of fungus in them."
"I would be careful," Simon said.  "Wild fungi are often poisonous."
"True," Rie said, "but not on Aquaria.  At least not that I know of."
"You're right," Defne Young said.
The doctor nodded, "In that case, we should harvest some and try it.  Some fungi have proteins and Aquarian moss is a lichen lacking in a substantial amount of protein."  Simon looked at Defne and asked, "Botanist, right?"
"Primarily of ocean plants, but yes."
"What plants on Aquaria are protein rich?"
Young looked toward the ceiling in thought.  "Marystalk.  It's a flowering mint plant and the seeds are very high in protein.  Usually, you see them dotting the moss fields in the summer period with bright orange or red flowers, but I'm sure we could cultivate it."
"But that's down south," Yazid said.  "What about around here?"
Defne shrugged, "We might get lucky."
Aubrey shook her head, "Our best bet would be to fish.  Aquaria's oceans have plenty."
"But we're nowhere near the ocean."
The group went quiet.  The day was long, fielding questions from everyone and complaints about the sharp rocks and uneven chamber floors.  With night on them, they just wanted to sleep.  A lack of food didn't help, either.
"So," Mitra began, "who did it?"
"What?" Conner said.
Quinn looked toward the floor.  "The attack."
They were quiet again.  
"Has to be Cylons," Felisa said.
"Why?" Jeremy asked.
"Who else would attack Aquaria?"  Rie looked at everyone else and held her palms skyward.  "There's barely twenty-five thousand people here in the off-season.  Nothing anyone wants and no threat.  Only Cylons would bother."
"For what purpose?" Simon asked.
"To kill all humans."  The doctor chuckled but Felisa continued, "They stopped the war themselves.  Maybe they decided to finish what they started."
"What they started, huh?" Quinn asked.
Bello raised her hands, "Guys, guys."
Defne ignored her, "Cylons or not, how do we know the other Colonies were attacked?"
Rie said, "If Aquaria was attacked, everyone was attacked.  Because, again, why bother?"
"Maybe there's still a fight going on."  Aubrey looked at the others for a sign of agreement and saw none.  "Just because there was no battle here, there may be fights on the other worlds."
"What you mean to say," Simon said as he folded his arms over his chest, "is that you'd like to hope there's a chance for our rescue?"
She was still as she considered it.  Then, silently, she nodded.
"I think we would all like to hope so," the doctor began, "but I believe we must proceed as though there is no such hope.  We must operate as though our survival is dependent entirely on ourselves."
Akina said, "Agreed."
"Our survival becomes paramount."  The doctor saw the nodding faces and then added, "And that includes breeding."
Bello blinked a few times and looked toward him, "What?"
"If we are the last survivors on this planet, if we are to survive, as a species, we must procreate."  A few of the guides laughed and others shook their heads.  "That means organizing ourselves by reproductive fitness and genetics."
"Maybe, doctor, but I think it's a little early for such talk."
"Very well."  He relaxed a little and stared down into the lantern.  "In the meantime, be prepared for depression."
Akina knew what he meant.  She had felt it herself.  "As people begin to grasp what must've happened, they will fall into despair."
"Yes."  He looked at the others, "Are any of you are trained as counselors?"  A few shook their heads.  "There may be a mental health professional or two among the group."
"Possibly," Bello said.  "I'll ask.  Thank you."
"Of course."
She looked around and said, "If there's nothing else, good night."
"Good night, " a few said.
They stood from the rocky ledge and left the small tunnel and reentered one of the larger chambers.  As Akina got to the entrance, Simon leaned down toward her and said, "The depression will be widespread and possibly severe.  I would expect suicides."
She looked at him, frightened.  After a moment, she nodded.  "I see."
"We need to give them hope.  A sense of purpose.  A sense of the future, that there is one.  I know talking about breeding seems strange so soon after the attack, but," he looked into the chamber at the darkened forms of people lying on the floor, "it is a form of hope.  And the act would certainly help alleviate depression."  
He smiled and a chill raced over her skin.  
"I'll think about it, doctor."
"Good."  He patted her back and walked out into the chamber.
She remained for a second before she exited and went in the other direction.  After a few minutes of careful navigation in near-darkness, she found herself back in the main chamber near the waterfall and boulder-bridge.  She was about to sit down when she heard someone scramble down from the surface quickly.
"Get down!" he whispered loudly as he jumped off the boulder and landed next to her.
She crouched and looked up through the chasm and toward the night sky.  The snow had stopped falling, for now, and a few clouds blew against the faint stars above.  She listened and there came a noise unlike anything she had heard before.  A ghostly, metallic wail.  It began in the west and as it increased in volume, her eyes widened and she craned her neck to see something.  Anything.
A black shape moved against the stars and whipped overhead.  The wail was loud and reverberated throughout the trench and its chambers, awakening everyone.  She looked to the east once it passed and she saw only two purple afterburners on the craft.  Finally, after nearly a minute, the noise faded.
"What was that?" she asked of no one as the survivors erupted with confusion and questions.

11 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

The patrols continued daily, sometimes twice a day, and at seemingly random times.
The day after the first sighting, the watchers on the surface took to covering themselves in a white tarp to remain hidden against the snow.  Two days later, Stuart managed to get a good look at it as it approached through the telescope.  He drew it on paper.
"It has a face?" Akina asked incredulously.
Cole seemed shocked and he nodded.  "It does."
Simon looked down at the drawing.  Two long, sweeping wing-arms pointed toward the front with a single apparent eye-slit and vented mouth on the fore of the fuselage.  "What kind of plane is that?"
"Cylon," Felisa said.
Quinn chuckled, "That's your answer for everything."
"My father fought in the war, OK?  I heard about those things my whole life.  If that," she pointed at the drawing, "doesn't look like a Cylon, what is it then?"
He looked at the page again.  "Looks like a Cylon to me."  Surprised, Rie glared at him and Mitra shrugged, "When you're right, you're right."
Today, when the noise came, the people tensed.  When it departed, they relaxed.  Then, it turned and came back.
"Oh frak," Bello said as she darted to the boulder.  "Stuart!  Get down here!"
He was almost ten meters up on the bridge, splayed across the large rock and the surface under the white tarp.  Without casting the camouflage off, he slipped out from under it and slid down the rock toward the waterfall.  She ran to him and helped him down.  As she turned back into the chamber she yelled, "Everyone!  Get deeper inside!"
All the guides and tourists filed into the tunnels that led away from the main chambers.  By the time the noise was overhead, the main rooms were almost entirely empty.  The aircraft continued away into the west and didn't return.
Akina caught the eyes of some of her fellow scientists and she waved them toward her.  As the people filtered back into the chambers, softly chattering, she and the guides spoke.
"Did they almost see us?"
"Or are they actually looking?"
"What do you mean?" Bello asked.
Jeremy said, "They may be using infrared or some other type of scanning."  He shrugged, "We don't know."
Rie nodded, "If it's infrared, they may be confused by the heat coming out of the chasm and the nearby fissures."
Simon wandered toward them and stood nearby.  Akina had been keeping him at arm's length since the "breeding" topic came up.  "What if they have some means of detecting us?" the doctor asked.
"Well," Yazid looked at the wall near him, "it's possible that there are minerals in the rock around us that confuse their sensors.  If that's the case, I'd suggest keeping people away from the open chasm."
"What about the spotters?" someone asked.
Bello nodded, "On first sight, they should come down."
"Is it possible that the rock might interfere with other transmissions?" Simon asked.  "Wireless, for example?"
Jeremy answered, "Yeah.  Absolutely.  Why?"
He shook his head.  "A few people have their phones.  A wireless receiver.  They've tried but can't get any kind of signal."
"OK," Akina said, "let's go calm everyone and tell them to stay as close to the interior as possible.  And tell anyone with wireless devices to not transmit, under any circumstances."
She did that and approached a group with Felisa.  Her colleague spoke first and she looked back toward the doctor.  He was standing on the edge of the chasm and looking toward the sky.

15 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

"When I was a boy, all I wanted to do was fly planes.  Maybe even spacecraft.  When I turned thirteen, my father pulled some strings and I got to fly in a Viper.  A Mark Five.  Beautiful, beautiful thing."  It was pitch black in the chamber, but Akina could hear the smile as Stuart spoke.  "As soon as it took off, the pilot pulled the stick to the left, and I puked.  Filled the bag on the first go."  They both tried to stifle their laughter.  "She couldn't land the thing quickly enough.  She was afraid I'd get my lunch in her precious instruments."
Bello looked toward him and saw the outline of him against the faint light that came from the chasm and night sky.  She was now situated farther from the waterfall than she had been before, but its noise was still omnipresent and soothing.  They were quiet after his story and they heard other whispering among the people in the chamber.  Occasionally, there was whimpering.  Crying.  To avoid those feelings rearing themselves in her mind again, she quickly faced him and started to speak.
"When I was a girl, I was indecisive.  Flighty, almost.  One week, I wanted to be a dancer.  The next week, a singer.  The next week, a pyramid player."  As she stopped, she heard the weeping still.  "One year, I had a science project."
"Lemme guess," Cole interrupted.  "A vinegar and baking soda volcano."
She chuckled, "How did you know?"
"Seemed logical."
"Yeah.  I chose it because it was pretty quick and easy.  I had to write a paper to go with it, though, and that's when I actually started to learn about them.  That's all it took.  I wasn't indecisive about what I wanted to do anymore."
Silence again, and again, they heard occasional bouts of tears nearby.  Akina's throat clenched and she thought for sure that her own eyes were going to well up, but Stuart spoke again.
"I was never much good at science.  You wanna hear the laziest science project ever?"
"Please."
"Grade seven?  Eight?  I don't know.  Either way, I was not a good student at that point and I put off everything, including my big projects.  So, I told my mom the night before it was due and she flipped out.  My stepmom was sitting on the couch and barely paying attention, but she," he chuckled, "she said the most brilliantly stupid and simple thing ever.  She said, 'Get a poster board and glue some trash to it.  Then, across the top, write, "Recycling."'"  Both of them started to laugh.  "I mean, right?"
"It is pretty lazy."
"But brilliant.  I got a B-plus."
"You're joking."
"No.  I passed the class because of that project."  Some other memory intruded on that one, and as Stuart said the last sentence, his voice cracked.  In the darkness, he looked away and went quiet.
Bello sensed it and she reclined against her bedroll.  She stared at the ceiling and thought of home, but not in sadness.
"Dr. Bello."
She opened her eyes and saw light.  The sun had risen and the chamber was beginning to fill with its rays, but Simon was holding a flashlight, too.  "Yeah."  She grunted as she sat up.  "What is it?"
"There's been another death."
She sighed and rubbed her head.  She glanced at Stuart lying in his sleeping bag nearby and saw the morose look on his face.  "OK."  She got to her feet and followed the doctor among the resting forms of dozens of people.  When they got to the tunnel connecting to the next chamber, she quietly asked, "Another suicide?" 
"No."
There had been three in the last few days.  The first came when an old man, the climatologist, jumped into the chasm, quickly followed by a middle-aged woman who slit her wrists and a relatively young man who also jumped into the chasm.  Akina later found out that he was a cancer survivor.
The second chamber was mostly still.  A few people were awake and some were crowded around a corner in the rocky room.  They parted for Simon who knelt by the side of an older woman.  "It appears she hit her head here on the wall," he pointed to a jagged outcropping.
Bello looked and recognized the woman.  She didn't know her name, but she had seemed nice.  There was a large bloody gash on her forehead near the right temple.  Her stomach began to turn and Akina wanted to look away, but she knew she needed to project an air of stability and leadership with so many watching her.  "The floor is pretty uneven.  She must've tripped."
"My thoughts exactly."  He set a pouch on the floor and opened it up.  Inside was a stethoscope, penlight, scalpel, and other medical instruments.
Bello saw this and her eyebrows went up.  "Why do you have a scalpel?"
Simon removed the pen light and the sharp blade from the pouch.  "I once had to do an emergency tracheotomy on the MagLev with a dull, dirty pocketknife."  He looked at Akina and said, "Now, I come prepared."  She nodded and watched as he probed the wound with the dull side of the blade.  "Bone fragments.  She hit very hard."
"Did anyone see?"  Bello looked at the ten or so people gathered around.  They shook their heads.  "It was during the night?"  They nodded.
"The lavatory tunnel is right there," he pointed.  "I'd guess she got up to go, and tripped along here."
Akina stood.  "Thank you, doctor.  Please, everyone, tell people to be careful around here."
Later in the afternoon, she met with most of the scientists and Simon.  
"Felisa and Quinn found a much larger chamber the other day, deeper underground," she said.  "And you said it's much smoother?"
"Very.  Much more open," Rie answered.  "The floor was eroded by water ages ago.  Certainly more even than these chambers."
Jeremy spoke up, "There's springs and a stream there, too?"
"Yes.  Two springs, both tested OK, though there's a faint sulfur odor.  The stream is clean.  Plenty of moss and lichen root mats.  Fungi."
The doctor's arms were folded over his chest, "No light?"
"Not much."
"In my mind, that puts it out."  Simon looked at the others and saw their questioning expressions.  "No light, no matter how smooth the floor is, means it will be dangerous, too.  Not to mention what impact the lack of sun and fresh air would have on all of our health."
"You're not wrong, doc," Quinn began, "but there are tunnels and chambers connected to it that have open shafts to the surface.  So there's light and fresh air, and that's where the food grows."
"But the main chamber would still be in darkness and we don't have enough fuel for the lanterns or batteries for our lights to make it safe."
Aubrey asked, "Can we rig up a system of mirrors to bring the light into the main room?"
Mitra nodded.  "Yes."
Simon scoffed, "C'mon.  Let's be serious.  This is not safe, practical, or healthy.  All because, what?  The floor is uneven and the walls are sharp?"
"Not just that," Conner said.  "Have you heard of the 'call of the void,' doctor?"
He nodded.  "The feeling of wanting to jump when confronted with the opportunity."
"Yes," Aubrey said.  "Being near the chasm in a time of despair, the call is louder."  Simon chuckled.  "Two have already jumped."
"There's another consideration, doctor," Akina said.  "That much deeper underground, we won't have to worry about being spotted by the Cylon patrols."  The guides all nodded.  Simon was still.  "Since this new chamber is only a couple of kilometers away, there's nothing to say we can't come back if it doesn't work out.  Or that we couldn't split our time between the two sites."  The doctor was unmoved.  "All in favor."  The guides raised their hands.  "Opposed?"  Only Simon.  "Alright.  Start telling the people that we'll be leaving soon.  Felisa, you and Quinn should take a couple of people down to the new chamber and start making any preparations you can."
"Yep."
"For the next few days, I think it would be smart for us to harvest what we can from the moss on the surface near here, so we'll have a good stockpile of food."
Jeremy raised his hand a little, "We'll want to harvest it in a way that disturbs the snow and ground as little as possible.  So the patrols don't notice."
"Good point.  After the next one passes, go up and find a process that works."
"Will do."
The scientists stood and went about their duties.  Akina didn't look at the doctor, but she knew he was just sitting there.

21 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

The Cylon patrol came early in the morning.  That meant, usually, there would be a second sweep in the evening.  
The people were departing their homes of the last three weeks for the newer, larger chamber deeper underground.  Akina looked up through the chasm toward the surface.  
"I know there's just one more chance to gather moss," Simon said, "and I'd like to help out."
Bello raised an eyebrow.  "You haven't helped with our farming so far."
"Well, this may be my last chance to get some colecalciferol in my system."  She looked at him in confusion.  "Sun vitamins."
"Ah.  Well, by all means, grab an empty bag and let's go."  She stepped onto the boulder-bridge and held the guide rope.  She pulled herself up its length to the surface where she hadn't been since they first descended into the chamber.  
Seeing such an expanse again after so long nearly took her breath away.  The cold wind blew from the south and sent sprays of loose snow into occasional updrafts after which the flakes glided back to the surface again.  The wide, blue sky stretched above with the sun approaching its apex.  The white surface went to the horizon, undulating randomly, with slopes and ridges all about.  Peeks of gray rock came through the snow with a slight hue of green meters away where moss waited to be gathered.
"This is the last bit over here," Jeremy said as he pointed.
Bello nodded and opened the empty sample bag.  With her gloved hand, she reached through the snow and wrapped her hand around the thickest part of the lichen she could feel.  Her fingers probed into the soil and she pulled it free, tilting it as she did so the snow would hopefully fall off evenly and cover the hole.  Aside from a few specks of dark soil, there was no visible sign that anything was different, but in her hand, Akina held a large green clump of Aquarian moss.
As she put it in her bag, she saw Simon walk toward a section several meters away.  He was carrying an empty sample bag, too, but he was also wearing his backpack.  She thought that odd but dismissed it as she went for a second clump.
They harvested for about an hour, occasionally smoothing over the snow with a forearm.  The wind blew hard at times, forcing Akina to retract within her heavy coat as much as she could.  
"What's that?"
Bello heard Jeremy ask the question even over the wind.  She looked toward him and saw Simon kneeling on the ground, hurriedly sweeping snow toward himself.  "What's what?" he answered.
"That thing."  Yazid stood from his position and walked toward the doctor.  "What … what are you doing?!"  Jeremy lunged down toward Simon but the doctor stood and gripped him about the throat.  Akina stood and raced toward them as Jeremy crumpled to the ground.
"What the frak is going on?!" she yelled as she slid in the snow to her comrade's side.  Yazid was staring at the sky and gasping for air.  She looked at his throat and saw redness and swelling.  "What did you do?!"
"He attacked me," the doctor said plainly.  "You saw.  He lunged for me."
"He's dying!  Help him!"
Simon shook his head.  "I can't.  I broke his hyoid bone.  Crushed his larynx.  He'll be dead in seconds."
The blood drained from Akina and the cold pierced her in a way it never had before.  She faced Jeremy who began to flail and gurgle foamy blood from his mouth.  She held him and his arms for a moment.  Then he went limp.
"He attacked me."
Dizzied by rage, Bello stood bolt upright and looked at the doctor.  Next to a mound of snow, she saw his medical pouch as well as what looked like a screwdriver.  "You killed him!  For what?!"  She took a step toward the mound and Simon inserted himself in front of it.
"I don't want to hurt you."
She tilted her head to one side and pushed him in the chest hard.  He stumbled backward but kept standing.  He shook his head once and formed fists.  "Why?!  Why won't you hit me?!  Why won't you kill me?!"
Without lifting his head, his eyes rolled up toward her and he said, "Because we need you."
"'We?'  Why?"
"For breeding."
The chill returned and she took a step back.  When she did, Simon quickly reached for the ground and removed his scalpel from the pouch.  Seeing this, she turned and ran toward the chasm.
"Help me!"
Simon was right behind her and he leapt, grabbing her leg as he hit the snow.  She fell into it just a few meters from the trench.  She scrambled to her feet again and saw the doctor looming over her already.  She reared back her right hand to punch him, but he struck first with the side of his flattened palm against her right shoulder and the side of her neck.  Suddenly, the muscles in her legs seemed to stop working and she collapsed.  She tried to raise her right arm but she couldn't.  As she lay there, she thought again about his two quick and precise strikes.  And the strength.
"I don't want to hurt you," he said, "but you're giving me little choice."  He raised the scalpel.  "You don't need a tongue to ovulate."
With her left arm and side, she began to squirm and slide back.  When he leaned down toward her, she focused all her strength toward her legs and got the left one up and into his chest.  Now off balance, he started to fall forward and she twisted her body to the left, throwing the doctor into the chasm.  He yelped once as he fell and hit his head on the rocky walls.  Then, four seconds later, his body crunched against the bottom.
The first of the guides and tourists came up from the boulder-bridge and saw Akina on the ground.  Aubrey was at her side first.  "What happened?"
She was staring toward the trench.  She watched the tall man fall in – because of herself – yet she couldn't believe it.  "Simon." 
"Akina?"
She turned toward Conner and said, "He attacked us."
Aubrey blinked and looked up.  After a moment, she saw Yazid's body.  "Jeremy?"
"He's dead."
She gasped and ran toward his side as others came to Bello's.  They helped her up and she felt pins and needles in her extremities.  "I'm OK.  Thanks."  More people arrived on the surface and she looked toward Conner, who was now crying over the body.  Slowly, she walked through the snow toward them and others swarmed around her toward Jeremy.  As they tended to Yazid and his grieving friend, Akina stared at the medical pouch and the mound of snow Simon had been protecting.  
With great effort, she knelt and wiped the snow away.  Underneath, she found a light gray plastic oval device.  Its two hemispheres were separated by a trough of dark metallic wires and structures.  Its center featured a single translucent red lens.  She lifted it and stared into the lens while a new fear crept over her.
The migration was halted and all of the scientists and guides were called to the surface.  Akina had put the thing back on the ground in the snow and sat on a nearby rock staring at it.  She remained there as half-a-dozen people approached and peppered her with questions about Jeremy and Simon.
She ignored them.  "Is Stuart here?"  He stepped forward and nodded.  "I've asked Stuart to join us since he's a computer engineer."  
"What the frak is happening?" Quinn asked.  He looked at the snow a few meters away where a white tarp covered his friend.
"Simon killed Jeremy because he saw Simon burying that," she pointed, "in the snow."  They turned and looked down at the device.  "Be careful with it.  We have no idea what it is."
Felisa picked it up gingerly and rotated it in her hands.  "There's no labels.  No manufacturer's name.  I … can't even see how it was put together."
"No screws?"  Rie shook her head and Bello looked at the medical pouch.  "Is that not a screwdriver?"  Quinn knelt and picked it up.  "Simon was using it."
"It's not a screwdriver I've ever seen before."
"It might fit there," Rie pointed at the dark metallic midsection.  "Maybe to activate it?  Adjust it?"
"Probably."
"May I?" Cole asked with his hands out.
"Sure."
Stuart turned it over and over again.  Then he reached into his coat and removed his glasses.  When he put them on, Akina felt a flash of attraction for him, but the adrenaline and fear quickly squelched it.  "Well.  It's like nothing I've seen before, except," he pointed at a lump near the red lens, "this.  It looks like a duplexer.  It allows a computer device to send and receive communications on a specified frequency using a single antenna."
"A transmitter," Mitra said.  "He had a transmitter?  And didn't say anything?"
Akina's stomach churned and a new possibility came to mind.
"He was working for the Cylons."  Felisa had said it aloud first.  A couple of people groaned and shook their heads.  Rie took the device from Stuart and held it up.  "Have any of you ever seen technology like this before?  Who else could make this?  How about a race of robots?"
Quinn looked at Stuart.  "You said you recognized the duplexer.  If the Cylons made it, wouldn't it be different?  Unrecognizable?"
"Not necessarily.  The duplexer is a basic piece of transmitter equipment.  It's used in all kinds of wireless communications, transponders, and more.  It'd be like a Cylon car.  Of course, it's going to have wheels.  All cars do, and they all look pretty much the same.  Same with digital communications devices and duplexers."
Bello stood and stared at the device.  "Simon asked about transmissions getting through the rock.  The patrols that keep coming … you said this might be a transponder?"
"Well, it might be," Stuart shrugged, "but I have no way to know."
"I think they're coming because they're seeing this thing's signal.  They can't lock on because it's bounced around the rock in those chambers down there."
Aubrey said, "We have to destroy it."
"No," Quinn said.  "If we do, they'll see the signal stop altogether and they'll know we're on to them.  Or that something happened to Simon."
"Right."  Akina took the device and held it.  "We put it in the tunnels.  Leave it there."
"Then we can't stay here," Cole said.
"We can't."  Bello looked at everyone and said, "We have to go somewhere else.  Not the new chamber.  Simon knew about that and he might've told them."
"Torfi," Felisa said.  "Jeremy suggested it at the start.  I've been.  It could work well."
Mitra shook his head.  "That's a long walk.  A week or more?"
"We'll walk due east, maybe across the north face of Helca, and make snow burrows for shelter if we don't see any caves."
"And the Cylons?" Rie asked.  "Assuming they're not lured by this in the tunnels?"
"For those of us with brightly colored jackets, we'll have to find camouflage.  Everyone needs to be prepared to drop and bury themselves in the snow if their planes come near."  Bello looked at the transponder again, "This has already been outside for almost an hour.  We need to get it back down below and leave.  Now."
As the guides returned the chasm, Stuart stepped toward her and put his hand on her arm.  "Are you alright?"
She nodded and then said, "No.  But I will be."

23 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

Almost two full days after Simon's attack and their hurried departure, the group of more than one hundred sixty stretched across the slope of Grimes' Volcano and entered the fields on the approach to Helca.  They were moving quickly and had covered nearly twenty kilometers, but the terrain had been agreeable thus far and Bello knew that wouldn't last.  There had been no Cylon patrols since a surprising three separate ones on the first night of their move, but everyone was hidden in their small holes, relatively warm and huddled together in twos and threes.
As she trudged through the snow, Akina thought about Simon and everything he said or did.  His talk about breeding had creeped her out initially because she thought he was coming on to her.  Now, it was even stranger and creepier.  And then a horrible thought came to her.
Nine people dead, not counting Jeremy.  What if they weren't accidents or suicides?
No one had seen the any of the suicides actually happen.  There were no witnesses to the accidents.  Then there were the people who died.  Elderly and middle-aged people.  A homosexual man.  Non-breeders.  A cancer survivor.  Potentially bad genes.  Two Colonial servicemembers.  Potential threats.  The thought was revolting, but the more she mulled it, the more she came to believe that Simon himself had killed them all.
"Patrol!" someone called out from behind.
Everyone in Bello's sight dropped to the snow and began to cover themselves in it.  She was fortunate to have a white canvas tarp and she pulled it over her head as she laid down.  She positioned herself to look west and she saw the Cylon Raider in the distance.  When the wind was still, she thought she heard that mechanical wail, but she couldn't be certain.  It's gotta be thirty kilometers away.
The craft moved from the south to the north and banked.  It turned to the west and the shape became smaller and harder to see in the harsh daylight.  A second dot seemed to join it and the pair of planes circled over the ridges of Grimes and the chasm.  After several long minutes, the Cylons veered south and flew away.
I'll consider that a confirmation.

33 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

The arduous crossing of over seventy kilometers, across the wind-and-snow-blown northern hills and volcanoes, circuitously rounding ridges and peaks to remain hidden, was at an end.  They climbed near the eastern seas and found a large, old, dormant caldera.  Mount Torfi.  The floor of the crater was dotted with Aquarian moss and other plants, all dusted with snow, and a small frozen freshwater lake was at its center.  
For a day, they rested in the open air of the caldera, using their tents and bedrolls and tarps for cover, if needed.  For hours, Akina slept because she felt safer than she had in days, having arrived at their destination.  When she awakened, Quinn provided a list of names.  A manifest of everyone with them, and, consequently, those who were no longer with them.
"One hundred sixty-three," she said.
"Yep.  We're lucky we only lost the Richards in the walk."  A couple in their late fifties, dead from exposure.  When morning came a few days ago, they couldn't be roused from their burrow.  They were left there, buried, on the eastern side of Helca.
With Simon on her mind, Bello thought again of breeding.  Is one hundred sixty-three enough to restart the human race?  Safely?
The next day, Felisa, Akina, and others began to explore the crevices of Torfi, and as they neared the evening, they came to a tunnel and felt a cool breeze blowing through the air.  Rie turned into the tunnel first and moments later, as Bello followed, she exclaimed, "Holy shit!"
When Akina entered the cavern, she saw why.  Cracks in the crater walls above created trenches of light in the ceiling of this chamber.  Fresh water poured in on seemingly all sides.  Moss, lichens, and grasses grew under the sheets of light from above.  Caves and tunnels circled the smooth floor and the walls above it.  Stalactites and stalagmites provided a visual linear and angular contrast to the sweeping curves and circular nature of everything in sight.
"Perfect," Bello said.
The rest of their party moved into the cavern to check everything out.  They tested the water and found a warm spring, too.  Excitedly, the guides spread out around the chambers and Stuart went to one tunnel.  He walked in a few meters and quickly ran back out.  "Akina!"  She came running, worried that something happened.  Instead, he was smiling and waved for her to follow.  
The narrow tunnel lasted only about five meters, but then it opened into another chamber above an inlet of water twenty meters below.  "Another lake?"
Cole knelt and looked to the left.  "Nope."
She knelt beside him and craned her neck to see over the edge.  Indeed, at the far end of the grotto, she saw an opening, daylight, the dark sea, and white snow on frozen ice in the distance.  "My gods.  The ocean."
"That means," he pointed down at the water, "we can fish here."
She didn't answer.  Instead, she rocked back onto her haunches, closed her eyes, and stretched her neck to force the stress out of her muscles.  When she was finished, she opened her eyes and saw Stuart watching her, smiling.  She leaned forward and grabbed his head, pulling his lips to hers.  Quickly, he lurched back and blinked at her in surprise.  Then, after a moment's consideration, they resumed their kiss.

146 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

Around the shaft of light, as flakes of snow blew through it, the council sat and talked.  Most wore their heavy coats and some had wrapped emergency foil around themselves.  The expedition, thankfully, had packed quite a few of those life-saving blankets because even their cavern home of the last three months was not as warm as it had once been.  Most of the people had retreated to the smaller, cozier caves and tunnels adjacent to the main chamber.  The open areas were used mostly in the midday so they could see the sun.
"Oil shale?" Aubrey asked.
"I know some has been found before, but not much," Melody, an amateur geologist said, "and that was in the south.  Frankly, I'd be at a loss as to what to look for here on Aquaria.  I'm used to looking at rocks on Gemenon, you know?"
Akina nodded and once again missed Jeremy Yazid.  "What about the sea life?"
Conner shook her head.  "The fish oils we could get won't work like we want.  They're not bright and they're very smoky.  We've caught a few dwarf seals, but I think we're too far north for them."
"What about a whale?" someone asked.
"They're rare on Aquaria to begin with, and they've hardly ever been spotted near land."  She waited a beat and then added, "We don't even have a boat."
"The inlet's almost frozen over," Felisa said.  "We could just walk out to sea."  Everyone was too cold to laugh.
"I have a stupid suggestion," Quinn said.
"Please," Bello responded.  "We'll take anything."
"Birch root.  You know, the stuff they use to make birch beer?"
"OK."
"It grows all over up here in the north, in the old lava fields where the soil is richer.  I've seen it before.  They're like big potatoes, sorta, and there's a vein of sap in the middle.  Well, what if we were to dig them up, split them and get the sap out, and then let it dry?"
"The sap?" Aubrey asked.
"No, the root.  It's fibrous.  Maybe it'll burn like wood.  With some dry moss and sunlight focused through some eyeglasses once we run out of matches, maybe we could make fires."
Akina shook her head.  "I thought you said you had a stupid suggestion?  That's frakking genius."  He smiled and lowered his head in embarrassment.  "Please, find some birch roots and let's experiment with it."
"I'll start looking."
"Well, I have a stupid question," Amar, a Tauran engineer began.  "This is an old volcano, right?  Can we find lava or something nearby in one of these tunnels?  Can't we use that for heat?"
Bello took a deep breath, "Well, if there were a diapir near us – that's a bit of rising magma – that would mean the floor under us, or at least the rock under that, was brittle.  It would be very dangerous."
"Our home would lack stability," Felisa added.  "Also, if there were a magma chamber somewhere down here, we would have to worry about pressure in the future."
"A possible eruption?" he interjected.
Rie nodded.  "Right.  Never mind the excessive heat and dangerous gases that could come from exposed magma."
"So many homes in Heim were heated with geothermal radiators," Quinn said.  "If we had a way to get there and get that equipment, it'd be easy to stay warm up here."
"True, but I don't expect to go to what's left of Heim any time soon."  Akina looked at the other members of the council, former scientists at the research station and former tourists of the expedition, now all permanent residents of Mount Torfi.  "Is there anything else?"  No one responded.  "Alright.  We'll talk again tomorrow."
As they stood and prepared to retreat to their tunnels and chambers, they heard echoing footfalls coming from the western tunnel.  Stuart burst into the wide cavern and ran directly for them.  He skidded to a stop and, out of breath, said, "Cylons.  Cylon patrol."
"Again?"
He nodded and straightened to force himself to speak.  "They circled the lake this time."
Mitra shook his head.  "Lucky it's frozen and we're all down here."
"Helca?" Felisa asked.
"Yeah, they seemed to concentrate over there."  
Amar asked, "They think we're there because it would be warmer, right?"
"That's my guess."  Akina faced Cole, "Land vehicles?"
"Yeah.  Too far away to see Centurions, though."
"If they're even using them," Rie said.  "They might have an army of Simons.  A bunch of traitors willing to help them."
Bello's mind raced as she recalled the last maps and diagrams of Helca.  "There's a magma chamber on the eastern side.  I remember Dr. Franks talking about finding it a few years ago."
Felisa looked at her.  "About a kilometer deep.  I remember."
She scratched her head and said, "I have a stupid idea of my own."

Stuart sat cross-legged in their nook and looked out across the expanse of the cavern.  "I don't like this."
"I know."
He looked back at her and saw her form bundled under the blankets and coats with a shimmer of foil reflecting the dim night light that came from the cracks in the ceiling above.  "I think it's a bad move."
"If it works, the Cylons will think we're dead."
"If it doesn't work," he lowered the tarp that acted as the makeshift cover of their cave, "you will be dead."
"Possibly."
He crawled toward her and got under the covers.  They held each other tightly and listened to each other breathe.  Then, through the cool night air and their cave's cover, they heard the moans of ecstasy not far away.  Cole chuckled and said, "At it again."
Akina turned and loosened her grip.
"His 'breeding' talk really got in your head."
"Yeah."
He snuggled closer.  "We don't have to breed, per se."
"I thought you'd be alright with not doing it.  For a while."
"For a while.  Wait.  Why did you think I'd be OK with not doing it?"
"Because you were married."
"Well, I'm divorced, too.  I haven't been with anyone since her.  Wow.  More than three years now."
"Wow."  He chuckled and shoved her lightly.  She responded by holding him close and saying, "Not yet."
"In that case, I'm coming with you."
"What?  Why?"
"Do you realize how tragic it would be if something were to happen to you and we never got to frak?"
"Oh, so if I get hurt and I'm dying …"
"We can do it right then."
"Tragedy averted, right?"
"Exactly."
She laughed and kissed him.  

161 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

After more than a week of preparations, a group of eight left Torfi by way of a northern lava tube.  They took a circuitous route to the west and then south to Helca, so, if they were discovered, it would be difficult to track back to the main cavern on the southeastern side of the mount.  Like the journey to Torfi, they utilized burrows again, but this time, they used white tarps and fabric with a blanket sewn underneath and two sheets of foil thermal blankets in between.  This would keep their body heat reflected back to them, but hopefully it would also fool any Cylon heat sensors.  If they even used heat sensors.
It snowed enough that their tracks were covered within an hour.  Despite the cold, this was reassuring because Cylon planes were audible throughout the final day of their approach to Helca's eastern side.  They were seen only occasionally, but the group was able to quickly drop to the snow with their warm camouflage pulled over themselves.
They entered one of the chasms at midday and quickly descended about one hundred meters.  On a level platform, the group stopped and rested.  Finding the air much warmer, they removed their coats.
Ashon, a vulcanology student of Felisa's, broke the silence.  "That magma chamber makes a difference."
"It does."  Akina removed a wrapped bundle of food from her pack and brought a piece of fish to her mouth.  "We'll have to spend the next little bit trying to find a way down.  We have a long way to go."
It was night on the surface, but the group of spelunkers had made it nearly a kilometer down.  The warmth was greater and there was a heavy smell of sulfur all about them.  The group arrived on a small level platform near a lava tube.
"I think there's a breeze coming from this way."  Stuart sniffed and faced left.  The others turned their flashlights and they all saw the opening of the tunnel.  "There we go.  Doesn't smell as stinky, either."  Cole got near the opening and found he had to climb up a small step to reach it.  As he did, he heard rocks crushing ahead and movement.  "Oh.  Is there another way up there I didn't see?"
From behind him, Akina asked, "What do you mean?"
Stuart turned back to repeat himself, but he heard rocks crunching again.  When he looked back, a red glow greeted him and scanned his face.  He went instantly cold and a metal arm swung for him.  Bello grabbed his backpack and yanked him back down toward the group and the Centurion found itself being bombarded with the ceiling of the tunnel, having been loosed by its errant swipe.  It slid face first toward the humans and reached for the nearest one, Akina.  Its three long silver talons scraped down her leg, cutting through her thick gray pants and into her flesh.  It struggled to get out from under the rocks but Quinn, Ashon, and another had begun to bash its head with the heaviest boulders they could lift.  Stuart got to his feet and had to jump to avoid another slashing of its talons.  Mitra soon dropped the rock and began stabbing at its exposed parts with a metal piton.  After dozens of blows and jabs, the Centurion's eye finally stopped scanning and went dark.
As the trio continued to bash the machine, just in case, Akina grunted and tried to peel back her pants.  Cole knelt by her and took her hand. "Let me look."  Each line was nearly twenty centimeters long and deep enough to pour blood down her skin.  "OK.  OK."  He backed away and said, "Jen, we need the first aid."
A woman came to her with a pack.  She opened it to reveal a bottle of alcohol and some bandages.  "Let's pour this on first."
Bello had to get her mind off the leg.  She looked toward Quinn and asked, "Is it dead?"
"Yeah."  He twisted his head to look at it better.  "It's not like the ones in the museums.  It's almost aerodynamic."
"Does it have, ow, a gun or something we can use?"
Ashon gingerly lifted its left arm.  "I think its gun is part of its arm."
"What?"  Quinn knelt to look.  "He's right."
"Does it have anything else?"
"Um."  Mitra picked up a couple of oblong spheres from its magnetic belt.  "Damn.  I think, uh," he turned to show Akina, "I think these are grenades."
"Alright.  Take them."  She looked down at the bandage and saw the first spots of redness seeping through.  "This isn't good, is it?"
Jen said, "You need stitches."
Bello shook her head.  "Did we bring a sewing kit?"
"I did."  Aleta, a biology student, raised her hand.  "I thought we might have to sew more blankets or something."
"'Something,' yeah."  Akina got to her feet and leaned against the wall.  "We'll do that later.  Right now, we have to get out of here in case his friends come looking."
"Alright," Stuart said as he stared at her leg.  "Let's make it fast."
"Clean up after ourselves, OK?"  She pointed to the paper packaging that had been around the bandage.  "Don't leave anything, not even a drop of blood.  It might tip them off that we're here."
"Got it."  Quinn waved her off and said, "Find us a place for the night.  We'll clean up."
They walked and she hobbled for another hour.  They climbed down another hundred meters or more before they finally settled in a small tunnel.  Jen began to sew her up and, at some point, her exhaustion and the pain caused her to pass out.

162 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

When a searing headache outmatched the pain from her leg wounds, Akina woke up.  
She was in a small, darkened lava tube.  The ground tilted down to her right and the air and rock floor were warm.  She tried to remember being here, Jen sewing her lacerations, … her head hurt so bad.
Must be from the leg.  And the hiking.  When she tried to stand, she felt incredibly dizzy.  And then her stomach churned.  Her eyes went wide in the blackness and she said aloud, "Carbon monoxide."
With a hand on the wall, she kicked out with her lame leg until her foot hit something.  "Wake up!  Everyone!  Wake up!"  She heard nothing but an echo of herself.  She grunted and strained as she got on her hands and knees.  Finally, she found a flashlight and turned the crank.  Its bulb came alive and she shone it into the face of Stuart.  She knelt near him and felt him breathing, but his breaths were slow.  "Stuart?!"  She slapped his face a few times and he didn't stir.  Then, she pinched his nostrils and forced air into his mouth.  After the fourth deep inhalation and exhalation, he coughed and began to sit up.
"What …"
"Carbon monoxide poisoning.  Stuart, you need to get up.  You need to wake everyone up and get us out of here."
"Carbon … OK."  He stood and pulled his own light from his pocket.  He wobbled and fell against the wall as he cranked it.  "Damn, I don't feel good."
"I know."  Bello walked up the slope of the tube, trying to feel for a difference in heat.  "We have to hurry."  The air is cooler here.  If the CO is coming from the magma chamber, this might be the safer direction.  "Drag everyone up here and into the next tube, OK?  The air might be better here."  She went down to the next person, Mitra, and shook him.  He scrunched his eyes and turned his head.  She slapped him lightly and said, "Quinn?  Get up!  Now!"
"Why did you hit me?"
"CO poisoning.  We have to get out."
His eyes opened wide and then blinked in the beam of her light.  "Oh, my head."
"C'mon.  Stand up."  He, too, struggled to his feet.  "We have to get the others and get them up to the next tunnel."
He pointed down, "Wake up Jen while we get the others."
She did and the woman stirred, too.  Jen got to her feet, helped Akina move, and both women crashed onto the floor in the next tunnel.  "Do we know the air is better here?"
Bello winced and straightened her injured leg.  "No way to be certain."
Stuart brought Ashon up into the tunnel.  The young man appeared dazed and Cole said, "I had to give him mouth-to-mouth."
Jen crawled toward him and said, "I've got him.  Go help the others."  Stuart departed while the group's medic looked into Ashon's eyes with a light.  "How do you feel?"
"Like shit."
"Me too."  Jen looked back at Bello and saw blood seeping through the bandages on her leg.  "You might have pulled your stitches."
"Couldn't be helped."
In the tube below them, they heard both Stuart and Quinn yelling at the others, trying to get them to get up.  Jen stood, ready to return and help them, but Mitra came into the entrance first.  With his head shaking, he said, "They didn't make it.  Aleta, Elodia, and Ivan."
Bello allowed her head to flop back onto the rock wall.  She felt the pain of the blow and repeated the action.  "Akina?" Stuart asked.  "What do we do with them?  Leave them?"
She thought about the plan.  A thought came to her and she was disgusted by it.  "No.  We bring them with us."
Quinn sighed.  "How?  How far away are we?"
"Ashon," she looked toward him, "what do Felisa's notes say?"
"We're close.  She described a maze of lava tubes and shafts.  The magma chamber is at the bottom.  We have to be close."
Jen sat again.  "How do we get there?  How do we avoid the CO?"
"We don't go at it straight through the main shaft like we planned."  Akina forced herself to stand.  "We find a parallel shaft and go down."
Stuart, Ashon, and Quinn dragged the three bodies while Jen and Akina carried the supplies.  They descended, slowly, into another shaft, cooler than the ones they used the previous day.  When they reached the bottom of it they rested and Ashon scouted ahead through a tunnel.  He came back several minutes later nodding and saying, "I've found it.  It's very hot in there.  That has to be it."
Bello stood and said, "Then let's do this.  And make it fast.  We don't need CO poisoning again."
They followed Ashon through a winding series of passages, through a narrow tunnel low to the ground, and then into a large open chamber.  A few boulders were in front of them as obstacles to their entry, but the rest of the chamber was wide open, about twenty meters ahead of them and about thirty across.  
"How did you find this?" Mitra asked.  "You can't see it from the tunnel."
"I felt the heat coming through that hole," he said.
"I'm not surprised."  The floor at the center-right of the room looked like a rocky dome.  Akina's light fixated on it and she said, "Don't walk there."
They moved along the walls, placing a shirt, a coat, a book, and so on every meter or so.  The men carried the bodies toward the center and leaned them against the walls.  They removed their coats and personal effects and scattered them around the chamber, too.  Bello walked to the side of Aleta's body and knelt.  Sweat fell down the side of her face and she realized then that she hadn't felt that sensation in quite some time.  With her backpack at her side and open, she removed a series of photographs collected from nearly twenty of the survivors back at Torfi.  They didn't want to part with them, of course, but Akina knew it would sell the illusion.  Then she removed a stack of letters.  Nearly five dozen suicide notes written by the survivors.
Asking the people to do this was touchy and emotional.  She pleaded the case, saying it would convince the Cylons they were gone, and, she thought, it may be therapeutic for everyone to say goodbye to the people they would never see again.  In the end, only a third of the people participated, but she hoped that would be enough. 
She remembered her own letter and how hard it was to write it.  The tears flowed freely as she sat in her nook and stared at the blank page.  She thought of her parents and her friends.  She addressed it to Franklin, but the feelings she expressed were for Stuart.
"Franklin.  We survived the attack on Aquaria and I don't know how.  I don't know why.  I just know that I wish I was with you.  I wish I could hold you again and tell you 'I love you' and I wish we could make love, but maybe that's the joy of Elysium.  Maybe that's why I'm not afraid to die, because I know I'll see you there.  Watchers have seen and heard Cylon planes and there's talk of Cylons in the tunnels, but we won't let them get us.  I'm happy to kill myself before that and it's OK.  It just means I'll see you all the sooner."
She signed her own name and there was an odd finality to it.  An odd release.  In a way, when she finished writing it a week ago, she was ready to die.
Here, in the magma chamber, staring at the supposed suicide notes and seeing Stuart place evidence of human habitation around, she wasn't.  She lifted Aleta's limp arm and put the notes in her lap.  She placed the woman's hand atop them and stood.
She surveyed the hot room with her light and saw about a dozen heavy coats, all manner of clothes, trash, dead flashlights, a half-empty satchel of moss, books, photos, and more.  It looked like dozens had been in here until recently, save for the three corpses that remained.
Quinn, out of breath and standing over Ivan's body, said, "Is this going to work?"
"I don't know.  But it'll be hard to deny the evidence."
"I'll say it again," Jen stood and put her pack over her shoulder, "without bodies, why would they believe a mass suicide?"
Akina hobbled back toward the wall.  "They'll think we found a lava floe and jumped in.  Or that we went into the snow without our coats.  Or that we went in some other tunnel in this labyrinth and did ourselves in there.  Anything to keep their attention away from Torfi.  If it means they're down here for months longer because of this, searching for our bodies, I'll consider it a success."
"Let's get the frak out," Mitra said.  "It's too damn hot."
She carefully sidestepped the dome portion of the floor and waited near the lava tube toward the other shaft.  Stuart came through next and his light brushed across the wall.  "Whoa."  He stopped and reached up toward a small green outcropping.  "What's this?"
She looked at it and said, "Olivine.  It's a crystal you see sometimes around magma chambers."  Cole's eyes widened and he stared at it.  His mouth began to flutter and Akina knew he was thinking about his little girl, Kelly.  He had promised to bring her a pretty rock and now, after all these months, here one was.  "Take it," she said.
"What?" his voice cracked.
"Take it.  We can clean it up.  It'll be beautiful."
He smiled and gripped it with his left hand then brought a hammer up with the other.  He hit it three times and it came free.  As he pocketed it, he hugged Bello and she kissed his cheek.  The others ignored the affection and stepped around them, returning toward the other shaft.  They walked among the large rocks and boulders and Ashon knelt to crawl through the passage.
In the lava tube on the opposite side of the room, however, they heard noises.
"What was that?" Jen asked.  
More noise.  Rocks skittering in the distance which echoed into this room.  Akina looked at Ashon and whispered, "Did you check that next tunnel?"  He shook his head.  She laid her finger by her mouth and motioned for everyone to get down.  They crouched behind the boulders at their entryway and she looked toward the opposite side of the room almost thirty meters away.  Then, with her eyes fixed, she turned off her light.
They waited a few minutes.  Every once in a while, they heard another noise.  A falling rock.  Crunching through layers of stone.  Then, a voice.  Akina's skin went cold in this warm place and as they were still, she worried again about the carbon monoxide.  The fear solidified when she saw a beam of light sweep through the lava tube on the far side of the chamber.  
"Maybe it was down here," someone said.
Not a Cylon.  Not robotic.
More clearly, there were noises near the entrance and the sound of feet trying to stop themselves from sliding down a steep path.  The light pierced the magma chamber and Bello slowly pulled her head back behind the boulder.  She couldn't see the others, but she knew they were there.  In case they could see her, she raised her hand to keep them in place.  Light and shadows played against the wall and ceiling above them.  They heard footsteps echo.
"Here," a man said.  "It's a big cavern.  My god."  He turned and yelled up the lava tube, "Down here!  Bodies!"
Akina slowly looked around the boulder toward the entrance and she saw a short man with brown hair wearing a dirty jumpsuit, staring at Ivan's corpse with a flashlight.  He then stepped back and looked around himself at the clothing and more.  
"What did you find?" a woman asked.
"See for yourself."
A tall, blond woman in a jumpsuit entered next and looked at the bodies.  She scanned the evidence before her and said, "There were a lot of humans down here."  Akina pondered that odd turn of phrase.  
"What should we do?" he asked.
"Call the Centurions."  
Bello closed her eyes.  There goes that hope.  
The man left the room while the woman continued to survey the trash, clothes, and more.  She walked farther into the chamber and Akina forced herself to stay still, to avoid any sudden movement.  The blonde knelt by Aleta and picked up the stack of papers from her lap.  She seemed to be reading them when the loud sounds of dislodged rock came from the lava tube again.  A red glow filled the passage and a tall Cylon entered the chamber.  Then another.  And another.  
Seeing them in the woman's flashlight, she studied them as objectively as she could.  Sleek, curvy, rounded.  Not the factory-made machines from the Cylon War by any means.  These were almost works of art.  
"You and you.  Take these bodies to the camp for autopsies."  Two of the Centurions nodded and picked up Aleta, Elodia, and Ivan.  
As they departed, the short man returned and asked, "What now?"
"Now," she stood with the letters and removed the photos from his hand, "I'm going to take these to camp.  See if Simon recognizes anyone."
Bello's eyes widened in the darkness.  Simon?!  He survived?!  How the frak did he survive?!
"OK."  He held his arms out from himself and asked, "What about me?"
"You'll stay here with the Centurion and wait.  See if anyone comes back."
Her chest tightened and Akina breathed harder and harder.
"In this heat?" the man said.  The woman didn't respond.  He sighed, shook his head, and said, "Fine."  He reached into the pocket of his jumpsuit and removed a handgun.  After he pulled back the slide and released it, he said, "You owe me."
The blonde said, "Sure," and left.
The Centurion stood still by the entrance and its red eye was the only thing that moved.  The man, however, ambled around the chamber, looking at the coats and books left behind.
She had never had a panic attack before, but she believed she was having one now.  She reached out and grabbed the pants leg of the person next to her in the dark.  She thought it may be Jen.  Bello tried to take a deep breath and found that she couldn't.  She then tried to crawl over the person next to her, but there was the slightest sound of scuffing.  The sole of her boot scraping against the rock.  It wasn't loud at all, but in fear, Akina froze and sat upright against the boulder again.  
"What is it?" the man asked.
She peered around it a little and saw the Centurion staring up at her.  She quaked and froze.  It raised its long, claw-like hands, but they retracted and the barrels of its weapons were now exposed.  The Centurion took a step onto the rocky dome at the center-right of the chamber and there was a crack.
"What did you see?"  The man moved to the machine's side.  Then the floor gave away.
The ground shook and the rock split.  The man and machine fell a few meters and orange and red light now bathed the chamber.  Heat and gases sprayed up and the air seemed to wobble before her as the temperature and air density increased drastically.  She looked toward them and saw shards of rock poking up from the opening, then she heard the sound of frenzied screaming.
The man was clawing up the side of a piece of what had been the floor.  His shoes and pant legs caught fire and he made a mad leap for the edge.  He missed.  He fell down through the rocky debris and landed atop the exposed magma.  He did not sink into it, but rather he lay upon the molten surface and burned alive.  Akina heard this and knew what had happened.  
The Centurion, meanwhile, was more dense than molten rock and it did begin to sink.  However, its programming was powerful and it tried to walk to the other side of the chamber.  When Bello and the others stood, they saw the Cylon trying to wade toward them beneath the floor.  It raised one of its gun-arms but the barrel glowed orange and was already deformed.  Tubing and components in it caught fire and flames erupted around its joints and seams.  Smoke poured from around its collar as it sank lower and lower until its head was no longer visible.  
A bubble of orange lava sprayed into the air and she scrambled toward the hole.  "We have to go."
They crawled through the passage as quickly as they could and then darted into the cooler shaft.  Once there, Akina limped to a stop and leaned forward, bracing her hands on her knees as she took deeper and deeper breaths.  
Stuart went to her and put his hand on her back.  "Hey.  Hey, breathe."
She almost whistled as she inhaled and nodded.  "I … I don't know."
"Hey," Cole bent down so he could look into her eyes.  He held her hand and said, "If Simon lived, that means your plan will work even better, right?"
She furrowed her brow and squinted at him.  "What?"
"He knows us.  He'll recognize our names in the suicide letters.  He'll recognize some of the people in the photos, right?"
Bello closed her mouth and tried to swallow through her dried throat.  She thought, and then finally, nodded.  "Right."  She stood and saw everyone else nearby, and a couple with their hands on her back.  "Right.  I'm sorry."
"Don't feel bad," Quinn began, "when she said, 'Simon,' I about shit a brick myself."
"We need to go, guys," Ashon said.  "Other than the Cylons, that diapir ruptured and there's gases and …"
"Yes," Akina interrupted.  "We have to go."
They climbed and retracted their ropes and climbed again.  They went as quickly but quietly as they could for fear of alerting the Cylons to their presence.  Bello slowed them down but she pulled along and climbed with her good leg as well as she could.  Early the next morning, thanks to Felisa's maps and Ashon's skill, they found themselves at the same chasm they had entered almost three days before.  
"Can we please stop here for now?" Jen asked.
Everyone was exhausted.  It had been a mad dash more than a kilometer up through the maze of Helca's tunnels.  After eating a few nibbles and being still, they finally felt cold again.  The air of Aquaria blew into the opening and reminded them of the harsh environs beyond the rock walls.  They were quiet for a long time, regaining their breath and resting.  Stuart was the first to speak.
"How the frak did he survive?"
A couple of the others laughed.  "I have no clue," Akina said.
Ashon snickered and said, "Maybe he's a Cylon, too.  Covered in skin or something."  
Jen didn't laugh.  "Frak, I hope not."
"How many collaborators are there, do you think?" Quinn asked.  "Doc Simon, those two?"
"I have no idea," Bello said.  "Enough for them to have a camp, I guess."  A cool breeze came through the tunnels and she shivered.  She slipped into her coat and readied her camouflage blanket.  "I think maybe we shouldn't tell anyone else that Simon survived."
Mitra nodded.  "Probably a good idea."
She breathed and, for the first time since they arrived at Helca, she could see her breath again.  "I suggest we wait until night to move out.  Finding our stuff and losing a Centurion and a collaborator to the lava may have put them on alert."
"Agreed," Stuart said.  He held the piece of olivine in his hand and turned it in the dimming beam of his crank flashlight.  
Akina thought of that rock and wondered if the hammer strikes to retrieve it brought the Cylons and collaborators to the chamber.  Maybe.  And thanks to that, they found the bodies and notes.  Maybe they wouldn't have, otherwise.
Ashon laid down on the rock he was sitting on.  He bundled his coat under his head and said, "Are we going the long way home?"
"We should."  She looked at her leg and shook her head at the thought of having to travel so far, so long.
"Do we have enough food?" Cole asked.
"We do."  Jen removed a bag from her backpack.  "We had barely enough before, but … I took these from Aleta, Elodia, and Ivan."  She seemed ashamed to say it.
"Thank you, Jen."  Akina held her arm and said, "Every bit helps."
They rested for a few hours and Bello managed to fall asleep.  She dreamed of lava and heat.  She recalled fear when she awoke, but she didn't know what she was afraid of.  Then, under the cover of darkness and heavy snowfall, they left.  They trekked north for days and then east for days more.  On the one hundred seventy-third day after the Fall of the Colonies, they finally reached their homes under Mount Torfi.

242 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

The stone bowl, carved from a stalagmite, was placed onto a bed of hot birch root coals.  When the stone was warm, David poured the mixture into it and it sizzled.  He covered it with a stone lid and sat back.  "Well.  We'll have to wait and see."
Akina smiled and said, "Thank you."  The former chef had ground Aquarian moss into a fine powder and hoped it might have some flour-like properties.  Several in the group remembered reading about "moss bread" made on Aquaria for more than a century, but none of them were truly natives.  None knew the recipe.
She wandered away from the crowd gathered around the stoneware and up through the lava tube toward the main chamber.  She heard raised voices in a side chamber and looked in.
A few members of the council were talking.  Amar, Aubrey, Quinn, and Wyatt.  Wyatt, a former police officer from Virgon, was fifty-two and therefore the oldest person left in their party.  
"How much more is left?  Really now."
"Enough."
"You keep saying that but, truly, how much."
Quinn saw Bello looking in.  "Akina, will you join us, please?"
She didn't really want to but she walked inside.  With a decidedly softer tone than she witnessed, she asked, "What's going on?"
Mitra opened his mouth to speak, but Wyatt beat him to it, "This winter is interminable."
She nodded.  "The Aquarian year is four hundred forty-nine days.  We've still got about three months before the so-called summer begins.  And that will only last about three months."
He nodded, having heard that before.  "We are running low on food."
"That's nothing new.  You know that."
"We are running too low, I mean to say.  We have enough to get us to the end of winter when we can begin planting our own crops of moss and such, and go scouting for what's growing naturally, but what of the weeks that will take?  We won't see a return on our cultivations for some time."
"You're right.  Things will be tight, but we've done the math.  We will make it."
He bent his head toward her and looked at her in a condescending way.  "And what if a bin goes to rot?  Did you account for that kind of problem?"
Akina nodded.  "We did.  We made allowances for a loss of supply."  He shook his head and she continued, "Why do you ask?  Do you have a solution?"
"I do."  He smiled and looked at Amar, who appeared to be on his side, "We go to Heim and take what we may."
"You're joking."
"Not at all.  We've not seen a Cylon patrol in almost two months, correct?  Nor any Cylons near Helca in almost as long."
"Correct, but …"
Quinn interrupted Bello to say, "The watchers still see their ship in orbit from time to time."
"Exactly."
"They're still here."  Mitra folded his arms over his chest.  
"There's another purpose to our journey."  Now he appeared solemn.  "Survivors."
"Survivors?  Why do you think there will be survivors in Heim?"
"You have seen people the Cylons are using.  Is it not possible that these collaborators were culled from a larger population of people?  Perhaps one under guard?"
Akina thought about it and said, "It is possible.  I cannot deny it."
"Thank you."
"However, we do not have the means to mount any sort of rescue.  We have only four grenades that were collected from a Centurion.  That's it."
"Not to mention the problem of traveling four hundred kilometers, both ways, in winter," Quinn added.
"I did not mean to imply that such a jaunt would be an easy one, Dr. Bello," Wyatt said, "only that I think it's one we should make.  Both for our own survival and for our peace of mind."
She looked at Quinn and then back at the Virgan.  "Thank you.  I will consider it further."
"And may I bring it up at the next council meeting so all may consider it?"
She nodded, said, "You may," and walked away.

263 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

"You are shitting me."
Stuart shook his head.
Akina stood from the rock ledge where she had been writing and pointed toward the lava tube.  Cole led the way.  They walked from their section into the cold, main chamber.  Under one of the shafts of light, several were standing around a smaller group sitting in the snow and sun who all hung their heads low.
Members of the council were already present.  Several bore expressions of rage and more than a few had their fists clenched.  Akina looked across the four sitting in the snow and she didn't know any of them too well.  She then faced Ceyla, the Canceran accountant.  "How bad?"
She looked up from her notes and said, "Very.  We're more than a month down now."
Bello closed her eyes. She stared up at the spiky ceiling of the cavern and let the anger course through her.  Finally, she exhaled through pursed lips, knelt, and looked at the four accused.  "Stealing food."  She made sure her words dripped with venom.  "We may well be the last humans in the Twelve Colonies, and you would steal food, to satisfy yourselves, and damn the rest of us?"  One young man began to weep.  "I'd ask the gods to have mercy upon you, but I think they'd be just as disgusted as I am."  She stood, stepped away, and waved the council over.  In a low voice, she asked, "Options."
Amar looked down at them, "If this were the Imperial Age, they'd be put to death."
"Likely, but this isn't the Imperial Age."
Stuart spoke softly, "If we're truly the last people in the Colonies, we can't afford to exile or punish these assholes too hard.  We need every single person."
"I recommend hard labor," Aubrey said.  "There are patches of moss and other plants to our south and to the west.  We send them out and force them to harvest it."
"Most likely to the west," Quinn interjected, "near Helca."
Akina nodded.  "That sounds good to me."  She sighed and added, "But what if they are too slow?  We still have to undo the damage they've done.  Somehow."
Mitra cleared his throat, shook his head once, and said, "We go to Heim."  The council turned to look at him and he shrugged.  "If we can get into Heim and find food, great.  If we can't, there are bigger moss plains near Heim, so we can pick there."
Wyatt smiled.  "Thank you for saying it so I wouldn't have to."
"How would we get there?" Conner asked.
"There's an auxiliary station south of here, right?" Bello asked.  "About … fifty, sixty kilometers?"
Quinn said, "Yeah.  During summer, when ski season is big, that's one of the rangers' bases."
Aubrey looked at Akina, "What's in the station?"
"Supplies.  Possibly vehicles.  Skis.  Almost anything could make the trip at least a little easier."  
Aubrey asked, "So what's next?"
Bello looked around.  "The council needs to be called for a full vote, but I intend to recommend that they be sentenced to find food and that a group be gathered to go to Heim."
Wyatt looked at the accused and said, "I think your recommendations will pass, Dr. Bello."

At night, she stood in her small nook looking down at the supplies she spread across their bed pallet.  The dried moss in her lantern would only be lit for another few minutes, so she leaned over and began to put things in her sack.
"I can't believe you're going again," Stuart said from just outside.
"I was the leader of this expedition," she stuffed a shirt inside, "the senior-most scientist on the trip."
"That doesn't necessarily mean you're the leader of us still."  She turned to look at him and saw a wan smile in the dim light.  "It doesn't mean you have to go.  Again."
"I know.  I feel like I have to."
"But …"
She turned to face him, "I want to."
He nodded.  "OK.  Go."  She returned to her packing and he said, "I'll go, too."
Without looking back, she asked, "Do you know how to ski?"
He sighed.  "No."
"Then you shouldn't go."  Her bag was packed and she zipped it up.  
He stepped up into the nook and stood beside her.  He laid his head on her shoulder and she turned her face to kiss it.  "I wish you wouldn't go."  She stepped away and he immediately said, "I know."
She looked down at the fading light of the lantern and saw the cut, polished olivine crystal next to it.  She picked up the green rock and held it out for him.  "I'll be back."
As he touched her hand to take the stone, the lantern went out.

270 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

The old rangers' station was smaller than she expected.  Just two rooms: an office and a garage.  The group of six scoured the office for anything helpful and found maps and a shortwave wireless.  
"I don't want to turn this on," Amar said.  "I'd worry about bringing the Cylons to us."
"What about power?" Aubrey asked.
"We have plenty of kinetic flashlights."  He looked at the rear of the device and said, "I'm sure I could rig something."
"Well, leave it here," Bello said.  "We can pick it up on the way back."
They walked into the garage and saw two covered snowmobiles.  Conner immediately went to one and pulled the gray tarp off.  "I wonder if there's gas inside."
Quinn went to the canisters against the wall.  "Doubtful.  They probably drain them at the end of each season so the fuel lines don't freeze."  He knocked his gloved hand against each of the six red containers.  "All empty."
"Damn."  Akina looked then at the rack above their heads and saw several pairs of skis and poles.  "Well, I don't know if these are cross-country, but they'll have to do."

281 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

In the long Aquarian night, they shuffled across the snow-blown hills and plains of the north.  In the day, they rested as best as they could in crevices, between rocks, and when neither were available, in burrows.  They skied as much as they could, traveling nearly thirty kilometers a day; farther on those when the wind was literally at their backs.  Then, when they were just over forty kilometers from Heim, they stopped.
"Did you hear that?" Quinn yelled over the wind.
Akina looked toward the sky, expecting to see the twin engines of a Cylon plane.  She listened, too, but didn't hear anything.  "What?"
They skied closer to each other and gathered in a huddle under the stars.  They looked south and Mitra said, "I swear I heard an engine of some kind.  A big one."
As he finished speaking, they heard the ghostly metallic wail of Cylon craft.
All six of them immediately dropped to their knees and pulled their warm white camouflage blankets over their shoulders and around their heads.  They were prepared to dig into the snow, but they waited for a sign.  
They heard at least one Cylon plane ascending high, the crackles of its afterburners punctuating the distant echo of the decaying wail.  Then the volume grew.  Gene, a watcher at Torfi, brought binoculars to his eyes and he looked into the southern sky.  "Multiple planes."
Akina squinted and thought she saw a series of lights moving up from the horizon.  "There?"
"Yes.  I count … four of the regular planes."  
The noise grew unbearable and nerve wracking.  Aubrey and Amar went ahead and lay in the snow with only the minimal amount of their faces peeking out from the blankets.  
"Holy … six, seven of the transport planes."
Bello looked again and, indeed, saw more of the distant, faint purple engines.  "I've never seen one of those."
"Here."  Gene handed her the binoculars.
She looked through them and found the glow of their engines.  They climbed almost straight up into the sky.  Then she focused on one of the larger craft.  It was rectangular as the others had described but it had no wings.  
"Are they … leaving?" Felisa asked.
"It looks like it."  She brought the binoculars down toward the horizon and saw three more Heavy Raiders ascending, escorted by two of the regular ones.  The noise swelled again and she then looked toward the stars to find the basestar.  She followed the line of craft right to it.  "They're heading for the orbiting ship."
"It's there?" Gene asked.
"Yeah."  She handed the binoculars back to him.
As they watched, the noise faded and the tiny points of light disappeared.  Still, Gene kept his watch on the ship in orbit.
"What does this mean?" Quinn asked.
"Yeah," Felisa crawled over the snow to be closer to Akina.  "Is this a retreat?"
"I have no idea."
She looked toward the stars again and focused on one dot that she thought was the Cylon ship.  Then, it flashed away.
"Whoa," Gene said.  "It just jumped."
"So they're gone?" Aubrey asked.
Silence.  
"What do we do now?" Amar asked.
Akina stared at space, wondering if they were truly gone.  "We continue on.  We can reach Heim by midday tomorrow, but we must be careful.  There might still be Cylons there.  We just don't know."
"Right."  Quinn stood up and tucked his camouflage blanket around his torso.  "And what about sleep?"
"If the Cylons are gone, we can sleep in Heim."

282 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

The afternoon was overcast and the wind was still.  There was an eerie quiet as the group skied toward the fields north of Heim.  Broken white stalks rose thirty meters in the air; the blades of the wind turbines having been sheared off months ago.  Hectares of wrenched metal frames sprawled before them lacking the photocells that made these solar panels work.  They, too, were destroyed in the nuclear assault.  On the horizon, beyond the remnants of the city's power infrastructure, they saw the distant gray dots of Heim.
Akina stopped everyone and faced them.  "Slowly.  Carefully.  Quietly.  Assume there are still Cylons until we verify there aren't."
Quinn added, "And don't touch anything.  There might still be radioactivity."
"Thank you."  Bello looked toward the city again and pulled the googles back over her eyes.  With the points of both poles planted, she pushed ahead into the snow.
As they neared Heim, the sun fell behind thicker cloud cover and the sky became darker.  The outer neighborhoods were still there, but only in the form of their stone foundations.  Walls of metal and roofs were all gone.  Cleared away.  It looked as though a bulldozer had plowed across the bulk of the city, but there was no debris to be seen.
The six remained near each other and looked at the stones barely visible beneath the snow.  When they reached what had been the city center, however, there was a surprise.
Intact buildings of stone, brick, wood, and shingled roofs.  Red brick was a rare sight on Aquaria, but wood and shingles were unheard of.  The six of them stared at the twenty or so buildings and it took a moment before Akina realized why they looked so out of place.  
"New?" Gene asked in a whisper.  She nodded in response.
They shuffled to the nearest of the new buildings, removed their skis, and left them there with their poles.  Quinn slowly moved around the structure to a window and looked inside.  He then moved to the next one.  He peered around the corner of a wall and then waved everyone forward.  The rest of the group ran toward him and Akina looked in one of the windows.  She saw cots, desks, and more.  Everything was tidy.
"Let's go," Mitra said.  
He led the group down one of the narrow streets with new structures on either side.  They slowed as they approached the next one, but Amar went to a window to look inside each one first.  Every time he did, he shook his head to indicate that he saw no one.  At the end of the row, they spotted a much larger building and then a wide-open space to the right.
"What was here?" Aubrey asked.
"This was the city center," Bello said.  "Could've been the council house.  I don't know.  They changed everything around."  The more she saw, the more confused she became.
"An airfield."  Gene walked toward the open space and he looked back at the others.  "This is where the planes were parked.  You can see in the snow there."
Akina looked then at the big building before her.  She took a step toward it and asked Quinn, "Do we have to worry about radioactivity here?"
"I don't know.  I'm not that well versed in it, but," he glanced back at the smaller buildings, "if these are all new, I'd guess they're OK."
Bello and the others walked around the perimeter of the large structure, and when they came around the corner, they saw two large trucks parked.  "What the frak?" Felisa asked.
The group went toward them and saw that the beds and cabs were empty.  Amar looked at the badge on the side.  "Titan?  That's a Caprican manufacturer."
Conner asked, "Did they not have Titan trucks on Aquaria before?"
"These look pretty new.  I remember seeing some old Canceran CMC trucks in Heim.  Not Titans."
A lump formed in Akina's throat and dread descended on her.  She looked at the building to her left and at the large garage bay doors.  She walked to the nearest one and threw it open.  It made a loud sound and the others were startled.  Amar and Aubrey both crouched against the side of the truck.  Bello, meanwhile, was already walking inside.
It was a warehouse.  It appeared to be about half filled and there were huge stacks of crates and pallets of supplies all around.  Akina walked deeper and stood before one of the plastic-wrapped monoliths of goods as the others hungrily spread out.
"Aerilan flour!"
"Sagittaron!  Canned vegetables!  Fruit!"
"Bottled water."
"Pican noodles …"
A tear fell down her cheek and her head lowered until her chin was on her chest.  She began to sob and she covered her face.
"Akina?" Rie stepped beside her and put her hand on her shoulder.  "What's wrong?"
She sniffed hard and raised her head.  Bello looked at the boxes and then at her comrades.  "Don't you understand?  Trucks from Caprica.  Food from all over."  She reached up and punched the side of a crate.  "This proves that the Cylons attacked all of the Colonies.  That they brought all these supplies here," she shook her head, "it proves they were successful."
Everyone froze.  Aubrey looked at the can of peaches she was holding and dropped it to the concrete floor.  She covered her mouth and looked away while Gene laid his head on top of a pallet of grain sacks.  Quinn was still as Felisa nodded and embraced Bello.
After a moment, Akina broke away from Rie and looked across the boxes.  "OK.  OK."  She cleared her throat.  "Let's, uh, let's save the reflection for later.  I'm sorry."
"Don't be," Quinn said.
"We need to stay on our toes, but we also need an inventory of stuff they left behind."
Gene interjected, "Stuff we can take back to Torfi."
"Exactly.  Let's split into teams of two.  Gene and Aubrey, you stay here and inventory this.  Amar and Felisa and Quinn and I will search the other buildings.  If you find something, yell for the others."
"If something finds you," Rie said, "yell louder."
Mitra and Bello walked out of the garage door and around the trucks to a row of buildings.  While they walked, Quinn asked, "How many collaborators did they have here?"  Akina nodded.  "They built twenty new buildings.  They brought tons of food.  How many traitors were there?"
"I don't know.  It's scary to contemplate."
Mitra stopped at the center of the lane.  "This is just Aquaria.  What about Caprica?  Canceron?"  He breathed quickly as he thought of home and he looked down.
"It doesn't make sense."
"No."  After a deep breath, he knelt toward the ground.  
Akina looked around themselves and saw that they were standing in a patch of very little snow.  "This is odd."
"Yeah."  He rubbed his gloved fingers into the tephra and then brought it to his nose.  "Petrol."
Bello nodded.  "A generator.  The wind turbines and solar farms were destroyed in the attack."
Mitra stood again.  "Let's go inside this one."
The small building was about the normal size of an Aquarian home.  Four rooms: living room, kitchen, bedroom, and bathroom.  It was sparsely appointed, though, with only a couple of chairs, a table, a desk, and a pair of lamps.  Quinn walked around the perimeter of each room while Akina checked under and around the furniture.  She found only a Leonan magazine before he reentered and said, "No radiators."
She squinted and thought.  "They must've had portable heaters."
"Why didn't they use geothermal?"
She shrugged, "A generator and some heaters would be quicker?"  He nodded and she asked, "Did you see anything in the kitchen?"
"Just a couple of boxes and cans of food on the counter."
She held the magazine for a moment and then slipped it into her coat.  "Let's go to the next one."
Thirty or so minutes later, all the newer buildings had been searched and everyone reconvened at the warehouse.
"Did you find anything?" Akina asked Felisa.
"Simple homes.  A few books.  Some food in the pantries."
"Something that bugs me, though," Amar said.  "No pictures.  No … letters.  Diaries."
Quinn said, "If these were the homes of the people who sold out mankind, I wouldn't expect them to be sentimental."
Bello looked at Gene.  "Do the trucks have fuel?"
"I haven't checked, but there are some gas jugs in here.  Full."
"OK.  Felisa, you and me will drive out to the station."
"You got it."
Bello looked at the supplies while Conner wrote something on a page.  "Can you four start loading the other truck up?"
"Yeah," Gene said, "but we could really use some kind of forklift.  Why isn't there one?"
"The Centurions probably did all the lifting," Rie said.
"True."
"Alright," she left the warehouse and grabbed the handle on the truck cab, "we'll be back shortly."
"Good luck."
Akina opened the door and climbed inside.  As she sat behind the wheel, she immediately thought, Where are the keys?  She reached under the wheel and felt them in the ignition.  She turned the key and nothing happened.  "Oh."
As Felisa closed the door, she said, "What?  No gas?"
"No.  I can't drive stick."
Rie laughed and stood as best as she could.  They switched places and then she started the engine fine.  "Been a while since I drove anything, much less a truck."  It lurched a few times but rolled away from the warehouse.  After leaving the new buildings and the remains of the old, they wound up on the snow-covered road east where they saw little but plain, white fields.
Three kilometers away, the research station used to stand.  When the truck rumbled to a stop, both women stared at the rubble that had been their homes.  Akina blinked a few times and looked toward Felisa.  She saw that she was similarly gob smacked.  
"We," she put her hand on the door release, "we should go check, I guess."  Rie didn't answer.  She turned off the ignition and slid out of the driver's seat.
Gingerly, they approached the mound of cement, stone, and metal.  It looked as though the third floor had been compressed into the second, which then collapsed into the first.  There must've been a fire, too, because half of the station appeared scorched. 
"Is there any point to look?" Felisa asked.
Bello knelt by a piece of stone, brushed off the snow, and pushed it away from a burned wooden plank.  Immediately after, she recalled Quinn's admonition against touching anything, so she wiped her gloved hand on her pants, as though that would matter.  "I would like to find a rad counter.  Books."
"Books would be good.  We could use books."  She kicked a metal rebar aside with the toe of her boot.  "Assuming any survived the bomb.  And the fire that happened after, apparently."
"And the months of snow."  Akina shook her head and stood.  "There's no point."
When they returned to the warehouse, they joined the others in loading both vehicles.  After the sun set, one truck was finished and the other less than half so.  Exhausted, they ambled away from the dark warehouse toward the rows of new homes.  Each person chose one and went inside.
Akina took off her gear and stood next to the cot.  She looked down at the wrinkles on the pillow and the cast-aside blanket.  A traitor slept here.  She just got out of bed and went about her day, helping the Cylons.  Then she left.  Never made the bed.
She blinked and looked at her own gear.  After she put it all back on, she left the small house and found three others standing in the narrow street, too.  
"Couldn't do it either, huh?" Quinn asked.  Bello shook her head.  "I'm gonna put my bedroll in the warehouse."  Aubrey and Felisa walked with him and Akina followed.
The next morning, they were awakened when Gene and Amar came into the building.
"Thank the gods," Gene said, clutching his chest.  "You could've left a damn note or something, saying you'd moved in here to sleep."
For the next few hours, they filled the second truck as much as they could and, still, more than half of the goods remained on their pallets or in their crates.
"Well," Rie said as she closed the gate on one vehicle, "I guess we're making a second trip."
With the canisters of fuel stowed aboard, as well as the skis and poles they had used to get to the city, three went to one truck and three to the other.  Before they got in, Gene said, "I was thinking about something.  Leaving a note."  He looked toward the sky and asked, "Should we leave a note for the Colonials?  If they come?"
The others thought for a moment.  Felisa spoke first, "I can't think of anything we can say that wouldn't also bring the Cylons to us."
"The shortwave wireless at the ranger station," Amar said.  "Maybe we can leave a frequency?"
Quinn shook his head, "Maybe, but the Cylons could triangulate it."
"We'll keep the watchers in place," Akina said, "but we can monitor the wireless, just in case we hear Colonials."  
"But the Cylons," Gene pointed at the trucks, "they'll see the food's gone.  And the trucks.  They'll know there are survivors on Aquaria if they come back."
Bello nodded and looked again at the full cargo.  "If they come back to Aquaria.  Maybe."
Without another word, they climbed into the cabs and the vehicles drove away from Heim.  For several hours, they drove north to the ranger station, which was the end of the northeast road.  In the darkness, the laid their bedrolls in the ranger office and slept.  The next morning, they unloaded the trucks there.  Two people fueled the snowmobiles and rigged sledges to their rears to ferry the goods north to Torfi, while the now-empty trucks returned to Heim to load up again.

290 Days After the Fall of the Colonies

Bleary-eyed and exhausted, Akina walked through the rancor in the main chamber as Ceyla and others made an inventory of everything they had brought.  Stuart saw her bypass the revelry and head for their nook, so he followed.
"What are you doing?"
She was ready to collapse onto the large mattress made of an old tent stuffed with dried, inedible mosses and plants.  She didn't look over her shoulder toward him when she answered, "Resting."
"You've earned it.  Go ahead."  He climbed into the nook just enough for him to kiss her cheek.  He retreated and lowered the privacy screen so she could now rest in darkness.  She laid down, pulled the blanket over herself, and closed her eyes.  She heard the people's excitement despite the screen, despite the distance to the main chamber, but she ignored it.  Then, she heard someone yell loudly and she sat up.
She left their lava tube and reentered the main chamber.  The youngest member of their group, a fifteen-year-old girl, was rejoicing, clutching a cot's mattress against herself.  Other people were looking over the chairs and tables which had been in the Cylon collaborators' homes.  Everywhere she looked, however, she saw smiles.  A very different but welcome sight.
"Hey," Cole said.  "You sleep OK?"
"What?  There was too much noise.  I just got up."
He chuckled.  "You were in there for four hours."  She blinked.  "Slept hard, huh?"
"Yeah."
"Felisa just brought up the last load from the trucks.  Furniture and stuff."
"OK."
"I was talking to Ceyla," Stuart turned to put his back toward the people, "all this food?  She said it's enough to have bought us a year or more.  With this, we can focus on farming and cultivating what we can once spring and summer come.  We can create fields in the caldera above, we can plant in the lava fields.  We'll use the trucks to go south in the summer to find some of the special plants that we wanted to grow here."
"It sounds great."
"Yeah."  He looked at her, concerned.  "I know you're tired, but … are you OK?"
She thought about saying her usual line when he asked such things.  "I'm fine."  She looked at the crowd and watched a couple snuggle together with a new blanket, just brought in from Heim.  "No.  I'm not OK."
Stuart stepped closer and put his hand on her arm.  "Yeah?"
They slowly walked away from the group and toward the outer walls of the cavern.  "Being there, seeing the destruction, I understood for the first time that we are on our own.  Truly on our own."  He nodded and they sat on a stone ledge.  "That billions and billions are dead.  That, whatever life comes next, it's on us."
"Us?"
She looked at him squarely in the eyes.  "You saw everything we brought.  It's from all the Colonies.  The Cylons were everywhere.  I have little reason to think anyone survived."
He took a deep breath and looked down.  "I didn't see what you saw.  I don't know."
"The Cylons were in Heim for months.  They cleared out a space for themselves, removed the bodies, built new buildings, an airfield.  They scoured the mountains for months looking for us."  She looked away toward the people again as a new crate was opened.  "If they did that on the other worlds, and in greater numbers, it's possible that no one survived."
"We did."
"We were lucky.  We were led by scientists in harsh terrain we know.  This is Aquaria, the smallest colony, the fewest people, no defenses, no infrastructure, so the Cylons didn't attack as hard as they would've otherwise.  They didn't send as many Centurions as they could've elsewhere.  Elsewhere … would be a nightmare."
"You're speculating."
"I am.  But within reason."  She looked at him and took his hand.  "Whatever comes next, it's on us.  We have to assume we are the last.  On Aquaria, certainly.  Maybe on any world."
"OK.  So," he nodded, "we have to survive."
"Yes.  And we have to breed."
He raised his eyebrows.  "Thinking about Simon again?"
"Not really, but he wasn't exactly wrong.  I don't know what his motives were, but the means to our end are pretty much the same."
"Alright."  He looked toward the mass of people.  "Are a hundred and fifty people enough to begin the human race again?"
"I'm not a biologist, but we have a few with us.  We'll ask.  We'll … make plans to ensure genetic diversity and prevent inbreeding."  Stuart started to chuckle and she faced him, "What?"
"I think you're maybe a couple of generations ahead of yourself there."
"We have to worry about it now, plan for it now, so that our descendants don't have to."
"OK."  He nodded again.  "So we'll make a plan.  When do we get started?"
Akina looked down and saw that she was holding his hand.  She didn't realize she had done that.  Suddenly, she felt a welling of energy.  "Now."  She leaned toward him and kissed him, hard.  He was stunned, and when he finally reached up to embrace her, she pulled away.  Tugging on his hand, she started to lead him toward their nook. 
IX
SKON
60,634 Years After the Fall of the Colonies

The wind blew from the sea and he turned his back to it.  He looked across the snow-swept plains of the north and he marked where the posts were.  A great deal of work lies before us.
His coat was made up of two layers seal skin, with dried moss in between as the lining.  Warm air was trapped within the moss, and the long coat and hood were very effective against the cold.  He wore mittens of the same and a headscarf woven from the leftover fibers of birch roots.  His shoes were sturdy, being made from the wood of the roots and covered in fish skin.  He held a broom made from two long birch roots bound together, with the end of one flayed to create a brush.  The wind slackened and he looked at the snow around him.  Beneath it lay moss.
In truth a lichen, it grew across the plains and on the rocks and hills all over the land, feeding off the nutrients in the volcanic soil and tephra.  As the cold world grew colder, it adapted, going dormant in the colder periods and maturing every three or four years instead of annually.  Skon brushed the snow from the ground beneath himself and saw the edges of the crop.  He knelt toward it and held its frozen fronds in his gloved hand.  He looked for a frilly edge, like one might see on a fancy dress, though he would have no knowledge of such a thing.  Still, he recognized the shape and knew that this field was, indeed, ready.
"It is time!" he called to the other workers.  They set about the hard task of sweeping the many hectares of moss free of snow.  Then would begin the harder task of digging up the ground, with the moss and its roots intact, and taking them into the warmer lava tubes and caverns of their home.  There, the moss would thaw naturally and could be harvested.  Once that happened, the remaining soil would be seeded with the debris from a few ground-up plants and doused with a mixture of water, milk, and fish offal.  By the end of the "warm" season, this soil would be returned to the surface and ready for harvest in a few years' time.
Hours later, the sun began to set and the cold wind grew colder.  They had managed to sweep barely a quarter of the field and the removal of that section was slow-going through the frosty dirt.  Near the end of the day, he dropped his broom and took up a shovel with his colleagues, digging into the ground as best as he could with the bronze blade.  When the last, large clump was placed upon the sledge and a young woman dragged it back toward home, he stood and surveyed their progress.  The quarter had been removed and the snow would cover again what had been swept free.  There would be more to do tomorrow.
Skon walked from the lava fields northwest toward his home beneath the slope of the active volcano they called Volda.  He stood on the rocks and looked into the clear night sky once more.  He considered staying out late to see if the Fates would descend on their world, but he was tired.
In the caves and tunnels, lay the village of Nath Volda.  More than six hundred people called this place home.  It was warm underground, warmer than most villages on Iss, because the nearby volcano was more active.  Homes were carved into the walls many decades, if not centuries, ago.  The rough volcanic rock was worn smooth by primitive tools and years of use.  Common chambers jutted off from lava tubes and tunnels, connecting the many homes.  In those chambers, many people did their day's work together.  Some sewed or mended clothing.  Some carved bones.  Certain caverns were designated for specific tasks, like dealing with harvested crops, forming and cooking bricks, or processing the day's catch of fish.
The way was lit by oil lamps and Skon soon found his wife, Dala.  After they embraced, she returned to the mat on the floor and picked up the long spindly branch of birch root.  "Your new broom is almost finished."
"Thank you.  My old one did its work today, but may not have many left in it."
"How much of the field did you harvest?"
"A quarter.  At most."  He removed his coat and draped it over the rounded stalagmite that served as a clothes rack.  Skon was wearing a beige shirt underneath woven from birch fibers and he took off his headscarf, too.  Long, dark hair fell toward his shoulders and back, and he quickly tied it with a small bit of rope.  
"Did you see Orl?" she asked as she put away her crafting supplies.  
"No."  He looked around their central room and ducked his head into one of the adjacent chambers.  "Where is Dru?"
"She went with my sister today."  She wiped her hands on the sides of her skirt.  "So we will likely see her at dinner."
"Good."  After he removed his pants, he, too, slipped into a cooler and more comfortable skirt.  "Should we wait for Orl?"
Dala began to walk toward the door, "He knows where we'll be.  He might be there waiting for us, too."
Skon followed her and took her hand.  Soon, they were joined in the main tube by a few dozen others as they wound toward one of the larger caverns.  It served as a granary and cafeteria for the food that the people of Nath Volda ate and they lined up now for the evening's warm meal.  A boy gave Skon and Dala carved bowls.  A girl gave them tin spoons.  They went to the fires above which copper cauldrons hung and a woman poured a ladle-full of soup into each.  As they left the line, they heard the chirping voice of their daughter.
"Mama!  Daddy!"  She ran around several people and then looked back to one of the cauldrons.  "Auntie Tielo, can I go with them?"
"Go ahead," the woman smiled.
The girl leapt onto Dala's side and she nearly sloshed some of her soup.  "Did you have a good day?" the mother asked.
"I did.  I helped put all the things in the soup.  Water, fish, seagrass, salt, and, uh, …"
As someone handed Skon a thin stalk of bread, he held it up and said, "Did you make this?"
"No, Daddy.  Just the soup."
"I'm glad you had a good day.  Did you eat?"
"Yes.  Auntie Tielo said the cooks get to eat before everyone else because they worked on it."
"That's right."  The family navigated to an open floor mat and they sat down together.  Dala brought the spoon to her mouth and blew some of the heat from it.  After she sipped it, she squinted her eyes and looked at her daughter.  "Are you sure you made this?"
Dru smiled.  "Yes.  Why?"
"Because it's really good!"  She leaned over and kissed the girl on the head while she laughed.  
Skon crunched the brittle moss bread into his soup and gave it a stir.  After he sipped it, he leaned down toward the girl and kissed her, too.  "Very good."
"Thank you."  She sat up with pride.
"There he is," Dala said.
Skon turned and saw his son, laden with extra coats, enter the cave.  He was holding a basket full of fish and he smiled at them, but an older man pulled him toward the storage area at the back of the cave.  "He had a good day it seems."
"Perhaps he'll tell us about it."  The parents laughed, knowing their son's nature to talk about every aspect of something that interested him.
They ate quietly for a few minutes as Dru told them about cutting the fish.  Then Orl walked around groups of families sitting on the floor of the cave.  He collapsed in a heap next to Skon and leaned against him.
"Tired?"
"Yes." 
"Hungry?"
He sat up and clutched his stomach.  "No.  Uncle Mur said it was tradition for a new fisherman to eat his first catch raw."
Skon chuckled, "And you did?"
"I did."  He shook his head.  "I did not like it."
"I understand."  He sipped the soup and then asked, "So, how was it?"
The boy leaned against Skon's shoulder again and smiled.  "It was amazing.  It was cold, but there were warm winds from the lavafall as it poured into the sea."
"Were you on a boat?" Dala asked.
"No.  We were tied together with ropes and we walked out onto the ice …"
Dala narrowed her eyes.  "The ice is too thin for you to be on it, I thought."
"That's why we had the ropes."  Skon looked at his wife and he knew she would have choice words for her brother-in-law.  "But I cut into the ice and got to use the hooks and everything."
Skon asked, "Did you make the bait?"  He then turned the bowl up, pouring the rest into his mouth.
"No.  Uncle Mur said I would do that another time."  He shook his head.  "I don't know if I want to do it."
"Blood attracts the best fish."  Skon set the bowl down and put his arm around Orl.  "Did you watch someone else do it?"
Orl nodded.  "He dug small troughs into the ice with his knife, put hooks on one end of the troughs, and then cut his finger to fill them up."
"Ew," Dru said.
"Then that finger stopped bleeding, so he cut another.  Then another."  He shook his head again.  "A little while later, they were all frozen.  Red bloodhooks."
Dru looked at Dala and said, "I don't want to fish, Mama.  I just want to cook."
"I understand."
"What about you?"  Skon gave his son a shake, "Are you going to give fishing another try?"
"Yes.  I think so."
"Good."
Dala finished hers and the family began to stand.  They left the mat to take their bowls and utensils to the cleaners and the mother asked, "Do you need to give your extra coats back to Mur?"
"No. He said I could keep them if I went out again."  
"Good."
In their home, they sat in the common area on the floor.  A mat was rolled out at the center of them and piles of smooth dark and light stones were on either side.  Dala brushed Dru's hair and both watched as Orl placed a dark stone at the intersection of two weaves.
"Are you certain?"
The teen looked up at his father and then down at the mat.  "Yes."
"Very well."  He placed a light stone at the edge of the mat near a collection of dark stones.  Orl slumped and Skon began to remove the dark stones.  "You have to watch the edges."
The boy sighed and shook his head.  "Can we play again?"
"No," Dala said.  "It's getting late."  Dru groaned.
"Well," Skon poured the game pieces into a pouch, "if Orl would like to come see the Fates with me, he can do that."
He shook his head and stood.  "I'm too tired."
Disappointing, but expected.  Skon nodded and stood as he lifted the game from the floor.  "Sleep well."  The boy hugged him and kissed his father before he retreated to his chamber.  "What about you?"
Dru shook her head.  "Daddy, the Fates are boring."
Skon laughed at the blasphemy but Dala bent over and wagged a finger at her.  "You don't say such things."
"I'm sorry."  She looked up at her father and said, "I'm tired from cooking all day."
"I understand."  She hugged his neck.  He kissed her cheek and said, "Sleep well."
Once the children went to their chamber and their lantern was doused, Dala sat on her cushion against the rock wall.  "Do you want me to come see the Fates with you?"
"You don't have to."  He took his coat and headscarf from the stalagmite and started to put them on.  "I haven't seen them in a few months."
"Perhaps that is a good thing."  She reached out and took his hand.  "If the Fates don't see you, then you may be less likely to suffer at their will."
He smiled and leaned over to kiss her forehead.  He didn't believe in the "active" Fates as his wife and others did.  He believed the Fates determined the comings and goings of the stars and the universe.  He didn't think they cared about the lives of the people of Iss.  If any of them were impacted by the Fates at all, it was only coincidence, and perhaps bad luck.
Nath Volda was quiet and dark.  He went through the passages toward the surface and found there the watchman.  They spoke for only a minute before Skon left the relative warmth of the caves and walked onto the snow again.  He went out about a kilometer, so he could see north over the dome of Volda.  He came soon to a rocky hillside he favored often.  He kicked away the snow as best as he could and wished he had brought his broom.  Then he laid down on the small hill and looked north toward the volcano and the sky above it.
The night was dark, for Iss had no moons or rings.  There were stars, including a pair of bright ones to the east which some called the Villages of the Fates.  There were only a few clouds above and they hung low to the ground.  He waited for the wind to clear the sky and the last of the clouds went near Volda.  It was illuminated orange and red before the volcano's heat caused its faint wisps to evaporate.
In the newly cleared sky, Skon closed his eyes and took a deep breath.  After a minute or so, once his eyes were accustomed to the dark, he opened them and looked north.  Tiny pricks of light pierced the black sky, but among them he saw the wavering, ghostly form of the Fates.
He gasped because it had been a long while since he had seen them.  Great curving lines grew in brightness and faded to near black, glowing green and red.  He enjoyed seeing blue and purple the best, but that was a rarity.  Like a heavenly cloth, they slowly swept across the crown of the world leaving its trace with these magical lights.  Skon stared and squinted, hoping to see some shape that he might call human, but he saw nothing.  This only helped prove to him that the Fates were truly beyond them all.
Such was life on Iss, the world that had been Aquaria sixty millennia before.  Cold.  Stagnant.  Trapped.  Ignorant of their past.
The Virgan-induced alterations to its climate wore away over the centuries until there was no longer anything that could be called "summer."  At most, temperatures would reach just above freezing and may stay there for a few weeks before the long plummet to negative thirty and below.  The cold kept all the inhabitants underground and near the volcanoes.  All their descendants, too.  The Aquarian moss adapted and created its multi-year dormancy, and other plants adapted, too.  Birch roots were found to grow everywhere, and after generations of assistance and manipulation, they grew larger and their fibrous stalks came out from the ground, allowing the humans to cultivate even more from these versatile plants.  Others, like the water cactus or marystalk, simply vanished and the wide plains weren't as prone to be full of moss as they had been before.  
Sea life may have rebounded in the colder weather, but the situation on the surface placed a firm leash on the survivors.  Food production was essentially capped.  Hampered by the weather and the choice of plants, the small continent's population could not grow wildly and these numbers could not all live in one place; they were separated by hundreds of kilometers with no means of transportation other than foot and sled.  So, for most of the eons, there were several villages at the northern and southern volcanoes, surviving as best as they might with a total population rarely above ten thousand.  
If humanity has little food, their population cannot grow.  And if the population that lives lacks the resources, they cannot advance.  They created kilns and pottery, mined bronze and formed tools, but they were stuck in an ancient time.  Primordial Aquaria lacked exposed land masses and sufficient warmth for great production of algae or plants, so very little petroleum or coal existed to be found by humans.  The oil they used came from fish or the rendered fat of dwarf seals.  The small, thin crescent of land, almost perpetually under the snow, yielded little treasures from its depths and too few to mine in great quantity.  Copper, tin, and other metals were found over the centuries, however, and they were used.  Iron and the higher temperatures needed to work it remained beyond their capabilities.  Mostly.  
For a time, fourteen millennia ago, the population of Aquaria swelled beyond thirty thousand, and in their drive to advance, they managed to smith iron.  The period of relative warmth that allowed the population to explode came to an end and the northern villages united against the south.  They forged weapons and waged war against their own kind, killing many.  In the aftermath, the cold returned, more than half the people died, and the iron forges were forgotten.  A similar tale happened twenty-two millennia ago.  And thirty-five.  An extreme cold age had the population of the world down to just nine hundred about forty-six millennia ago.  Age upon age, compacted onto a people and forgotten as they passed.  For every descendant of the Colonies who died by a blade of iron or bone or obsidian, there were ten who died of sickness, often genetic.  Four who died of malnutrition.  Occasionally, entire villages were betrayed by their volcanic homes and consumed by them, lessening their numbers by the score.  Those who lived worked all their lives to survive the harshness.  There were records and there were recordkeepers, but their memories could contain only so much.  They knew nothing of the Twelve Colonies or the Cylons.  They did not remember Kobol or Zeus and the Pantheon.  They did not know of Akina Bello and the Colonial survivors at Torfi.  The books they wrote and preserved to instruct the people on how to survive and how to live were lost long ago.  Their instructions on mating and genetics were forgotten, and then violated in practice.  Disease, fighting, and small numbers meant that inbreeding was inevitable often, and then that new damage spread to others over the many generations.  Another extreme population decline, perhaps to below one thousand, would unleash immeasurable genetic damage, and their descendants would not likely survive more than a few centuries.
Skon knew none of this.  He lay upon the hillside and watched the aurora dance in the upper atmosphere, wondering about the Fates, what they did, and why it mattered to him.

He awakened early and put on his light clothes.  The harvesting of the moss and soil was complete.  It was spread out in a nearby tunnel.  Today he and his people would begin the process of removing the plants from the soil.  A much warmer task than the previous weeks'.
"Mama!" Orl cried from the chamber.
Skon picked up his bag and put it on his shoulders.  It had a change of clothes and a snack inside.  He gave no thought to the day ahead as he peered around the corner and into the children's chamber.  Dru was wiping her eyes and walking out as Dala walked in.  His son was holding up a blanket and showing his mother something.  Then she laughed and embraced him.  Orl seemed dazed but then he smiled, too.
"What is it?" Skon asked.
"The Seed!"  Dala turned away and gestured toward the blanket.  "Our son now has the Seed."
The father's heart faltered and he felt weaker.  He saw the happiness on Orl's face and he didn't want to dampen it.  "That's good.  That's good, Orl.  You are now a man."  He walked across the floor and hugged Skon, and his father embraced him.  Seemingly at that moment as the boy stood before him in bare feet, he noticed just how tall his son had gotten.  
"We will have to contact the house masters and let them know!"
"Dala," Skon said as he leaned against the wall, "the Crossing is in just two weeks.  Surely the masters would not mind if he waited a year."
The mother finally sensed the father's reticence and nodded.  She girded her enthusiasm and looked toward Orl.  "What do you want to do?"
The boy thought.  "I'm ready for the Crossing."
"Good."  Dala looked at her husband and finished, "Then that is what we will do."

For the next week, Skon went about his work and said little to anyone.  He smiled at meals with his family and while they played games, but he began to isolate himself from Orl.  His son, his first born, was now a man and the father knew he had to protect himself from the pain that was to come.  He did not invite him to go see the Fates at night.  He didn't speak to him about his work with his uncle or invite him to help with the moss harvest.  Skon thought only of the Crossing and the last moments he would have with his son.  Dala asked what troubled him and he would say only that he would miss Orl, to which she would concur.  
One night in the low light of a single lamp, Skon held a tile of stone wrapped with colored fibers holding glistening crystals in place.  It caught the light and flashed in his eyes.  He remembered.  It felt like only a few, but it had been ten years before when the boy first gave this to him.  He found it hard to breathe and his eyes stung.  He heard steps behind him and he looked over his shoulder.  Orl was standing at the entrance to his chamber.  
He said, "Sleep well, Daddy."
"Sleep well."  The teen smiled once and entered his room.
Skon slumped into the cushion and turned away.  No hug.  No kiss.  For as long as the child had been able, his arms wrapped around his father's neck at the end of each day, and his lips pressed against his cheek or mouth.  That absence was now a hole in his heart and he stood up from the common area.  He walked to the entrance of their home and parted the woven curtains.  He stepped out into the dark tunnel and looked each way to see if Dala was returning with Dru from their bath at the spring.  The way was empty, so he sat against the wall and wept.
The next morning, Skon thought, How foolish I have been.  The time wastes away and I sought to shield myself.  Fool.  I must embrace him and each moment while I have them.
"Orl," he said as his son entered the common area wearing the heavy coats needed on the sea ice, "today, I hoped you might join me as we harvest moss."
He looked down at himself and then at the door.  "I told Uncle Mur that I would be coming today."
"I know, but I am sure Mur would understand."  Skon put his arm around the teen's shoulders and said, "Our time is short.  We should spend as much as we can together."
Orl nodded and started to take off the excess coats.  "The moss is in the thawing cave?"
"Yes.  You don't need your heavy coats for that."
"Good."  He tossed them aside and went back into his chamber.  A minute later, he emerged wearing a woven skirt and sandals.  "Let's go."
Together, they knelt over the damp soil for hours, lifting large networks of lichen from the dark mud and cleaning the tendrils of roots and fronds as well as they could with their fingers.  They placed the green plants into baskets and other workers carried them away.  
"Why do you enjoy moss harvesting, Daddy?"
"Part of the time, I am outside on the plains.  Different plains every year, you see.  And I work hard to bring in the moss that is ready.  The rest of the time, I can work in the warmth of these caves and pick out the plants.  Afterward I carry the soil back to the surface.  If I were a fisher or a hunter, I would only know the cold."
"And moss season is only a few months."
"This is true."  Skon laughed and tossed a clump of dirt back onto the floor before him.  "Out of season, I can work wherever I am needed, so I rarely become bored."
Orl nodded and considered this.  "That is a good idea."
"I can work with the birch root harvest and shaving, like your mother.  But I think I enjoy weaving the most."  He nodded and lifted a large bit of gray-green from the soil.  "I find it calming and the day passes quickly."
"I tried weaving once.  I didn't care for it.  The splinters …"
"Yes.  I have an old man's hands.  The splinters find it hard to pierce me."
"I like fishing, but it is so cold.  And it is hard work."
He reached out and put his hand on Orl's knee.  "Do what pleases you and helps your family.  That is all that any might do."
When the day drew to a close, they went to the common chamber and ate with Dala and Dru.  When the meal was done, they returned to their home and sat together while both mother and father regaled the children with wild tales of giant animals of the sea and land.  At night, as Dala carried Dru to bed, Orl surprised his father with a hug and a kiss.  
"Sleep well, Daddy."
Skon hugged him tightly and kissed the side of the boy's head.  "Sleep well, my son."  In the dim light of the lantern, Orl didn't see the tear that fell over his father's cheek.

"The time of the Crossing has come," an older woman shouted from the center of the main cavern.  "Those among us who bring goods for trade and barter are known.  But what of the children whose time has come?"
Dala and Skon both looked toward the back of Orl's head.  He glanced at his parents once and smiled before he began the walk through the crowd toward the platform.  The father's heart pounded in his throat as his son left their side and he saw several others walking to the center of the chamber.  At the end, there were eleven children with the master on the platform.  
The master bowed toward them and then straightened.  She raised her hands high, "May the Fates shine upon these, our children.  May the Fates bring joy to the homes of those they join."  
Everyone in the crowd lowered their heads and said the final line with the master, "May the 
Fates guard all who perform the Crossing."
The old woman kissed her hand and then touched forehead of all the children.  "Go now to your homes as a child for the final time."
The parents watched Orl slowly step off the brick platform and walk toward them.  He seemed to be in a daze.  When he reached them, he asked, "Do I really have to go now?"
"Yes," Dala said.  "The Crossing begins tomorrow."
Skon's nostrils burned as he breathed but he took in deep breaths.  He put his hand on Orl's back and said, "We will enjoy tonight, and tomorrow, we will leave together."
He looked up at his father.  "Just you?"  He looked at Dala and asked, "Why not you?"
She hugged him and said, "It is the tradition for the fathers to go with the sons.  I have to stay and care for Dru."
Orl began to weep.  "Dru's not coming either?"  The parents embraced with their son in the center.  The little sister held on to her brother's leg.  After a few long moments, the father searched his mind for the right thing to say.  Before he could think of something, his son straightened, sniffed, and wiped the tears from his face.  "I am a man now.  I will go on the Crossing."  
Skon cupped his large hand behind his son's head and held him.  In the midst of his sadness, he felt a swelling of pride.
The next morning, the chambers and tunnels were full as families said goodbye and the traders ferried their goods to the cavern entrances.  Orl hugged his mother and managed to not cry.  He knelt before his sister and gave her a braided trinket he made with colored minerals found in the caverns.  Dru's face lit up and she held his neck tightly.  As he stood, Skon saw tears welling in his eyes, but Orl did not let them fall.  The boy said goodbye and walked with his father out into the cold.
Great wheeled carts ferried food, bricks, copper, and more.  Orl watched the giant wheels lock in place atop skis for the first part of the journey while others handed out birch-root snowshoes for the walkers.  As the sun rose, a train of some seventy-two people departed the slopes of Volda for the south.
The wind blew upon them and the cold crystals of snow whipped their faces.  They pulled their hoods taut and lowered one side of their scarves toward the gales.  In the rocky hills, the carts encountered trouble and everyone helped to free them and keep them moving.  At the base of one long hill, the sun began to set and the master in charge of the journey called for the night's rest.
Some of the traders began to erect large tents with woven fabric and campfires to warm everyone around.  Once the songs were sung and the evening's meals eaten, the other children and their parents broke away from the group.  Orl looked toward his father and asked, "Are we to sleep in a tent?"
"No.  A sleeping basket."  He unfolded a woven sleeping bag, of sorts, from his pack.  "It's lined with sealskin, so it will be warm."
"Is that big enough for both of us?"
"It is.  We will share our body heat, too."
In darkness as the fires died, they climbed inside with Skon lying behind his son.  He draped his arm over him and pulled the bulbous top of the sleeping basket closed.  He lay there and he soon heard the slight nose whistle Orl had had for some time.  The father smiled and remembered resting on the floor of their home, lying on a cushion with the sleeping infant atop him.  Never had he slept so restfully as at that time, and once he quelled his tears, he slept restfully again.
In the morning, they rose and continued their journey.  After the midday rest and snack, the wind died down and the sun shone brightly.  Orl removed his hood and squinted in the light.  "I think it's warmer."
"Perhaps a little."
"We are not far then now?"
Skon and other adults nearby who heard began to laugh.  "We've only been gone from home a day.  The Crossing will take another twenty days."
"At the least," a trader said.
Orl's eyes widened and he slowly pulled his hood back up.  "Oh."

The wide, flat, white plains stretched before them for kilometers and it was nearly midday when they saw the first signs of their destination.  
In the distance, snow-covered lumps appeared.  Once the party from Nath Volda neared those, they saw taller structures, freed of the snow by wind.  Large blocks of stone rose two and three meters above the ground.  The group walked between them and soon they saw a broken arch nearly six meters high.  With more stone structures on the horizon, Orl turned to his father and whispered, "Who built these things?"
Skon smiled because he had not seen them in almost two decades since his own Crossing.  "Ancient ones.  Long dead.  No one knows their name."
This place was called Lath and it lay nearly one hundred kilometers to the east of what had been Heim many ages before.  In a rare time of fleeting warmth five millennia ago, the people of Arash in the northeast came south with their stonecutting skills and built one of the largest cities in Aquarian history.  Nearly five thousand lived in Lath itself for two centuries until famine and cold drove them back to their volcanic homes and winnowed the total population again.  
Once they came through the arch and turned with the bend of the path, they saw an amphitheater set into the ground, surrounded by stone pillars and the hosts of other villages from across the continent.  The traders who knew one another greeted each other in friendship while the parents and children brought for the Crossing warily scanned the crowds for their counterparts from other places.
In the night there was a great feast and both Orl and Skon tried food they had never seen before.  Different fish and creatures from the sea.  New varieties of plants from the south.  They heard new songs sung and people who played different instruments.  Parents laughed and clapped as the children of each village performed for the group of hundreds.
The next morning, the group from the last village arrived, and at midday, the masters of each village's group gathered in the amphitheater.  The people sat on the surrounding hillsides and listened as the oldest master stepped onto a stone platform and raised his arms.
"Ages past, there was war among our villages, and many died.  From among the warriors came Alwa the Peacemaker and it is for his tenets that we undertake the Crossing each year.  That we may come together, in friendship, and share our goods and knowledge.  But most precious of our villages are our children, whom we also share."
Skon put his arm around Orl and the boy leaned against his father.
"Who among us has seen the first coming of the Blood?" 
Slowly, dozens of girls left the sides of their parents and walked down the path toward the stone where the old master spoke.  Other masters corralled them and they stood at the bottom of the amphitheater looking up toward the people with wide eyes.
"Who among us has seen the first coming of the Seed?"
He squeezed Orl's arm once and let him go.  The teen looked back at Skon briefly and began the long walk into the bowl.  He and the dozens of other boys stood awkwardly next to the girls and they, too, looked up toward the crowd.  Altogether, there were nearly two hundred children.
"The sons and daughters will be joined, and the sons will depart this place and join the family of their mates, and they will call their new village 'home' hereafter."
Skon remembered the words well.  If they had been changed over the years, he could not hear a difference.  He kept his eyes on Orl who seemed worried and unsure.  Skon remembered that feeling, as well.
"We send our children among all the other villages so that never again may we say, 'They are our enemy,' for they shall always be our family.  May the Fates bless the unions that come from this Crossing and may the Fates bless the mothers and fathers who share their children in the name of peace."
The old master stepped down from the stone and the children looked around, confused.  The other masters began to explain to them what was next.  Skon recalled.  They were to spend the afternoon and evening getting to know their potential mates.  If a pair liked each other and they were from different villages, then they may be joined.  If at the end of the Crossing in three days' time the children were not paired, the masters would pair them.  Skon was fortunate.  He found Dala on the first day and she took a shine to him, too.
Orl looked up toward his father as the adults left the amphitheater and the crowds went away to other business.  Skon waved his hand toward him, telling him to go on and mingle.  The teen nodded and did just that.  The father sighed because the only hope he had to take his son back with him was if there were too many boys this year, but instead, he saw there were too many girls.  Four of them would have to return to their villages and come in next year's Crossing.
He spent the next few hours walking among the merchants and looking at what was brought from the other villages.  He looked at the stone blocks brought from the south and the different tools made from copper and bronze, but he could only think of Orl.  He thought of Dru, too, but he was glad that she would not have to depart Nath Volda.  Instead, in about ten years' time, she would bring home a new son for Skon to love.  The thought seemed alien to him, but Dala's father had done it.  If only he were still alive for me to ask how he managed that.
The sun set and tents were arranged around the amphitheater.  Campfires, too.  After food, singing, and dancing, the people of each village retreated among their own and rested.  Skon saw Orl talking and laughing with a group of children, so he left the tent and walked out into the cold night.
The skies were clear and the stars were bright.  There was no wind and no snow blew except what dust might be kicked up by a breeze.  He looked toward the north, but the lanterns and the fires of the camp were too bright.  He decided to walk to the north side of the encampment and there he found a toppled stone block from one of the ancient columns.  He swept the snow from it and laid down.  The cold of the stone sent shivers through him and he tightened his coat.  His head found a good, soft nook in the block and he looked north toward the stars.  He closed his eyes and took a deep breath.  When he opened them, he wanted to see the Fates.
"Daddy?"
He turned and saw Orl standing there.  "Son.  What are you doing here?"
"I saw you leave."
"I wasn't leaving for home.  Not yet."
The boy sat on the stone and laid down next to Skon.  "Good."  He blinked and then shivered, too, as the stone took some of his heat.  "Looking for the Fates?"
"Yes.  It is rare to see them here, I am told, but, if you see them on the Crossing, your mating is said to be blessed."
Orl looked up toward him, "Did you see the Fates on your Crossing?"
"I did.  They were faint and white.  Not colorful as in the north, but I could see them."  He pulled his son closer and said, "I certainly believe the Fates blessed me that day."
"When you met Mama."
"Yes."  The boy was quiet and kept looking at the stars.  "Have you met someone you like?"
He sighed.  "I thought so.  She was pretty and nice, but when she talks, she only talks about having babies.  And not wanting dead babies like her mother keeps having."
"Mm.  You needn't choose the first person you meet.  You still have time."
"I know."  He looked toward Skon's face and asked, "I was not the first baby, was I?"
"No.  You were the third.  The two before you did not live."
"And one after me, before Dru."
"Yes."
"That's sad."
"It is.  But it is life.  And it makes me love you all the more."  He squeezed Orl again who put his head on his father's chest.
After a long silence, the son asked, "Will I see you after my Crossing?"
"Unless you go with your mate to Nath Croan, which is near to Nath Volda, I don't believe so.  Perhaps if you have a child and undertake the Crossing with them.  I might see you."
He lifted his head up and asked, "Did you see your father today?"
"No.  I will find the people from Nath Utam tomorrow and ask after my family."
Orl shook his head and returned to the stone, lying beside Skon.  "It's not fair.  Girls get to go back to their homes.  Why can't we?"
"You heard the words of the master.  By sharing our children, we are friends and family with all the villages."  The boy huffed again and the father continued, "And when girls have children of their own, it is helpful to have their own mothers near to help."
"I don't want to go to a new home."
"Nor do I want you to."  He sighed as he said, "But it is the way of things."
"Daddy, are the Fates in the south?"
"I have heard that they are, though I've not been there."
"Wherever I go, I want to look at the Fates at night."
"Be careful.  Some say that tempts the Fates to gaze upon you, and you may not like what they do."
"I want to look at the Fates because you do."
Skon smiled and held him closer.  "And we might be looking at them together."
"Yes."  Silence.  "Teach me how you do it."
Orl had been taught many times.  He knew.  Skon, though, was happy to impart the lesson again.  "Find a nice hill to recline on, one that lets you face north."
"Even if I am in the south?"
"I believe so.  Make sure there is no light before you.  Then, close your eyes and take several deep breaths."  Father and son did just that for nearly a minute.  "Open your eyes and look to the stars."  The stars appeared brighter and, low to the horizon, Skon saw the slow dancing wisp of white he knew to be the Fates.  He smiled and squeezed Orl's arm again.  "There they are."
"It's beautiful.  I like the white."  They were silent and watched the curls of light nearly fade away only to return.  Then, the teen twisted his head and he looked straight up.  "What is that?"
Skon looked directly above and he saw a large star.  At first, he thought it may be a Village of the Fates, but this one was larger than any he'd seen before.  And it was moving.  From the west to the east it swept and he thought it might be a Visiting Fate.  But then it stopped.  Suddenly, it grew larger and soon its shine illuminated their faces.  Skon and Orl squinted and raised their arms to protect themselves.
They needn't have worried.  The ship of light came to a stop above them and it hovered more than a kilometer above the surface.  Snow vibrated from the ground and an inaudible rumble caused their chests to quake.  Before they could cower in fear, the light swelled further and all the people fell unconscious.
X
THE OTHERS
60,634 Years After the Fall of the Colonies

Beings of light descended and gathered around the unconscious bodies of the father and son.  One extended its glow toward the father.
"There are a host of genetic issues.  Evidence of inbreeding over the ages.  Gaps in their immune systems.  Mutations conducive to life on a frigid world that would be detrimental elsewhere.  High likelihood of ailments from birth that increase mortality."  Its glow withdrew and went to the son.  "It is likely that they all suffer various maladies, particularly if they survive sufficiently beyond adolescence."
"There have been many centuries of damage."
One went toward the tents and saw the dozens of others.  It returned and said, "But they are alive.  We have seen only death on these worlds, but here, there is life."
"This is a hardy line of survivors.  They have experienced war, famine, extreme weather, disease, and genetic damage.  We have seen that any one of those killed what few survived the holocaust on the other Colonies, but these Aquarians experienced them all, time and time again, yet they have endured."
"It is remarkable.  Nine thousand, two hundred six humans remain on this planet."
"More than enough for our plans."
"The work to repair the damage in each of them will take a great deal of time."
"We must."
"Yes."
"What of the other humans?  On the planet the Colonial survivors called Earth?"
The beings were silent and thought.
"They are not yet ready."
"We have time to conduct our work here."
"If our work is completed while Earth still advances, then we may place these Aquarians in stasis until the time is right and their new world is ready."
"Yes.  That is logical."
"Regardless, when Earth advances and they venture into the stars, we will be prepared."
The ship of light descended to the surface and it enveloped the campsite.  The beings brought all the humans to the center of the vessel.  Several hundred unconscious people lay still and the beings went among them.
"Let us begin."

END OF BOOK ELEVEN

END OF VOLUME TWO
IN VOLUME THREE: REVOLUTION …
The colonies move toward the future, but not many lessons were learned …




APPENDIX

THE DIARY OF LORD CHADWICK APPLETON
AND HIS JOURNEYS ABOUT THE UNKNOWN WORLDS

Written by the same in the Year of Our Exile 837; discovered and published YOE 918





THE PUBLISHER TO THE READER

The tale spun herein is one to beggar the mind, yet I've no doubt to its veracity.  
My business is one of generations, and it seems that a woman came to my grandfather some time past with this text and the portrait you have seen.  She was called Mirth Goody and bade my grandfather publish this work.  She had naught to pay for it, having in folly commissioned the portrait of its author with little to spare.  
Deeming the woman worthy of charity, he did investigate its claims, and though finding much support among the people and places of Virgo named within, still believed its story too bewildering to publish.  My grandfather offered Goody a sum of 50 dram which she gladly took, though he had no intent to print the diary.
The text and his findings were stored and the portrait was hung in our shops attracting little interest save mine own.  My father neglected the vaults but I in my fervor to know the man "Appleton" so named in the painting searched all I might.  I came upon this text and have now fulfilled the contract bought by my grandfather some seventy or more years prior.
My workers asked me to solicit the thoughts of many in our society including the clergy and the Royal House.  A few have provided theirs and found the claims scandalous and heretical despite the investigations of my grandfather proving its truth.  The pages that follow are being printed against their advice for I feel the weight of their importance.
As a publisher, it is my duty to inform and entertain in the greatest ratios possible and to save money as we do so.  To that end, I have removed many pages which speak to the peculiarities and mundanity of travel and astrogation.  The work would have doubled in size had I not, and its messages diluted.  I could not allow this.
However, if my own ignorance of stellar affairs shall have led me to commit some mistakes, I alone am answerable for them.  And if any traveler hath a curiosity to read the work entire, I will be ready to gratify him.

EDWARD SYMPSON



A LETTER FROM MIRTH GOODY TO THE PUBLISHER SYMPSON

I write to you now in answer to your letter of last month and your further questions on Lord Chadwick.
I knew him but a month when he came aboard the Pale Swan and we spoke only in the course of our duties before the events described.
Due to my youth and his kindly nature, he shielded me from the worst of our travels, though I could see the pain of them writ upon his face.  I have read the text of his diary many times since my return and find no fault whatever in his descriptions of the various worlds.  My sense of the people, where I encountered them, also align with his writings.
We spoke on Tinasus upon his return to our vessel and he said little of his time among the kingdoms.  He did mention that the Council of Nolufray had made him a lord of their people but he renounced the title soon after, yet he would not say why.  I did not understand his reasoning until I read the totality of his journal.  However, I found him both in life and in text to be a lordly man, and I wished to grant him the title despite the vile nature of those who bestowed it.
I thank you again for your payment and it hath spared me and mine many pains.  If I may aid you further in the publication of his work, you need only ask.

MIRTH GOODY
19 Quin., 840
PART I – A RETURN TO THE CRADLE
The author gives some account of himself and family.  His inducements to travel.  He is wrecked and comes upon a wasted world and a surprise resident.

My mother had a small estate in Surrey where I was the second of four children, and we were all, by our station, spared toil in the factories of the city.  I was sent to the College of Excester when I was of age so that I might become a priest in the temples of the Gods as my father before me.  I found the coursework not to my liking and sought leisure at every opportunity and took particular joy in the art of sailing.  When I was not at sea with my newfound mates, I lingered about the Port of Excester where I saw vessels of wide variety take to the skies for other cities and other worlds.  At the end of my first term, I petitioned my mother for a change in studies which she forbade, though my father may have granted it, would the decision be his alone.  I asked her for a small sum so I might depart home for my own ends and she provided it saying she would do no more.
I traveled to Buskirk to attend the Atlarian School and learn the maths and physic relating to travel among the stars.  The sum I was given would not grant me entry, so I became a worker along the Tyburn where I might enjoy sailing as I earned coin for the bursar.  After four years, I had saved enough and began my courses.  I enjoyed the charity of some scholars who knew of my plight at the time and sought to give me aid.  After my second year, my savings had been spent more rapidly than I intended and I found that I did not have enough to continue and was forced to resume full work on the river.  Two years later, I was allowed re-entry and completed my education with the title of Studied Astrogator.  With it, I might seek a posting within Her Royal Majesty's service or among the many private companies, with and without Royal Charters, that operated trade routes among the worlds.  As I had experienced nearly a decade impoverished, I desired to never experience the same again, so I applied at the first private company I found, Royal Route Trading.
I was in the employ of Dame Lane Burton.  She was a manager with a fair hand and a rigid sense of duty.  My degree made me one of the more qualified among her people, yet she insisted, rightly, that experience buoy the education.  If after two years I have performed well, she would name me Master Astrogator and I could have my choice of posting and price.  
I served at first aboard the transport Gray Fox and guided her to and from Gemini for a full year, delivering many tools and equipment to the Virgan folk who call the place home, and returning with holds full of the prized Gemini lumber.  The journeys became rote after a time and involved a total of six engagements of the light engines with measurements preceding each.  It was in these moments that I performed my work and sought to hone my abilities, as the heading of a craft determined its direction at the discharging of the light engines, with the amount of energy discharged determining the distance traveled.
After the Feast of Carista in the Year of Our Exile 837, I was posted aboard the Pale Swan.  This was a larger vessel with a greater complement, so I took this to be a good omen.  The captain of the vessel was one Mr. Everett Budd.  Though jovial, I found his command difficult because of his desire for speed in all things.  I am certain that this compromised me and my work, but the Parcae might have acted regardless.
The Festival of Five Days approached as we set off on our final voyage before the holiday.  Pisces seemed to be the only destination of the Pale Swan and I lamented it solely for the smell of our return as the holds bore many tonnes of fish and mined salt from that ocean world.  The vessel leapt into the gulf between stars and I set to, searching the blackness for Alpha and the blue world of our target.  Captain Budd bade the helm engage the engines full ahead and the Pale Swan began a journey across the emptiness.  With the change in speed, over time, my calculations could prove ill for us, yet I was able to secure our position and the position for our next engagement, as well as the adjustments needed to our own heading.  As I prepared to signal the captain that the indicators were now set and the new heading calculated, the vessel was ensnared by a turbulence I've not experienced outside of a violent sea.  The crew were rocked from their seats and the captain was rendered unconscious by some blow.  The deck began to still yet when I returned to my instruments to verify our location, I descried the movement of the stars.  The Pale Swan had been caught by some current and we were being ferried far, far away from the worlds we had known.
Our provisions could sustain us and we had enough for some twenty days before we might have need to break into our holds full of farmed goods bound for Pisces.  The captain regained his senses after several hours but was injured and could not command.  The First Mate, Dayna Spaulding, urged a series of maneuvers against the force of the current.  Our rockets could not make headway against it, however, and she turned to me, bidding that I find our place for a safe engagement of the light engines.  I was sad to report that I found our speed too great for a leap as I could not accurately determine our position with the instruments we had.  She then asked that I simply seek to place us in some openness of space, free of the current, where we might journey home.  I told her, after a full day at this speed, I feared that we had too little fuel for our light engines to carry us, to speak nothing of our simple rockets.  The crew then argued with her and I felt guilty for my part in the doubt that had been sown.  I returned to my scope as the bickering continued and I announced that our position was some fifty light-years beyond the stars of home and growing still at an increasing rate.  Hearing this, the engineers confirmed that we had too little fuel for such an effort.  Spaulding acceded to the thoughts of the crew: that we should secure ourselves and the ship as best we may and pray that the currents would sweep the Pale Swan to a world with fuel.
Boredom became our adversary moreso than the currents for most among us, however I was still new to the vessel and took the opportunity to learn what I might about the twenty-six people with whom I was now stranded.  I found more than a few too boorish for my tastes yet I remained polite.  Others I found too haughty and some complained about every moment of this unfortunate voyage though they well realized there was naught to be done.  Were I to make a tally, I supposed there were half of the crew that I might do without knowing.  These thoughts plagued me in the coming days.
We came to the end of our stock of food and the captain had returned to himself by the twenty-second day.  He was reticent to allow the cargo to be pillaged for our survival, but he knew there was nothing for it.  After he gave the order and the door to one hold was opened, the ship quaked again.  The crew returned to their stations but none arrived before the Pale Swan came to its sudden stop.
I was found in the ladderwell by an engineer, Mirth Goody.  She awakened me and found me with a broken arm.  She herself was injured and reported that five others among the support crew yet lived.  The rest, including the captain, first mate, and all officers save myself, were deceased.  When I stood, I discovered the Pale Swan had a list to the larboard side and I climbed the ladder with great difficulty.  On the command deck, I found the bodies of some among the crew.  The windows, however, were not filled with the blackness of space.  There was light.  A white light which seared the eyes yet warmed the hull.  I peered beneath the prow of our ship and saw it in a dark crater of its own making.  
After I bound my arm to a portion of metal, I went to the engine decks and asked for a report.  I was told that there were ruptures in our hull that would have to be repaired.  Three of the four holds had likewise ruptured, yet one was intact.  Our fuel supply was fairly low despite having our thrusters and light engines largely disengaged, for the combustion of that fuel kept our air and such active for that time.  As I stood there and beheld the survivors of this wreck, I knew that all the rest had perished.  Most of those who had passed were among those whom I had dismissed so utterly days before and I now regretted my thoughts and begged forgiveness in prayer.
I gave my orders as the sole officer of the Pale Swan that the ruptures should be fixed so the vessel might take to the stars again.  The six were doubtful of success, yet they set themselves at work.  In the meantime, I said that I would explore the world on which we had landed in hopes that I might find something to give us aid or comfort.
Outside, I shielded my eyes from the harsh sun for a time as I walked to the wall of our crater.  The smell of the air was of turned soil and burning metal as I remained so near our recently crashed vessel.  The wall nearest us was too high thus I decided to walk within the crater as it tapered away from the ship.  By this shape it was clear to me that the Pale Swan had impacted and skidded along the ground where it finally dug itself into the dirt.
The walk out of the crater was slow as I avoided many stones and pits, but I did emerge and was shook by my view.  The world within my sight was as barren and brown as the depths of the crater.  The sky was not blue nor were there clouds.  I could descry no green tree at the horizon nor a single blade of grass underfoot.  I began to walk and found that nearly a kilometer from the wreck that the air still smelled as foul as before, but older.  Dry and earthen, with a hint of some metallic nature and the faded remnants of fire or ash.  The land was flat within my sight and I gazed back at the ship, fearful that I may not find it when I desired to return, yet I saw that its broken cargo holds extended above the lip of the crater and were likely visible for some distance.
I chose a direction based on a coming breeze.  It was cool and seemed to me to emerge from the north, though I could not be certain of the compass on this alien planet.  I moved to its source and walked for some hours.  The wreck of the vessel was far behind and beyond mine eyes.  The horizon in all directions were bare and lacking in life.  The silver sky knew no end and carried no cloud.  I came to a stop and listened.  I found that there was also no sound.  No birds in the air nor animals far away.  No insects that fluttered or buzzed.  There was only the sound of my shoes crushing into the dry, dead soil.
I continued on and after a while longer saw a slope rise gently in the apparent northwest.  I turned about, seeking a marker for this sole aberration in my direction but found none.  I then removed one of the few ties from my broken arm and placed it on the ground beneath a stone.  It was my hope that I would, upon a return journey, find the cloth and turn approximately one-quarter turn to the south.  I looked at my watch and likewise marked the time in my memory for the future return to the Pale Swan.
As I approached the slope its distance from me appeared to increase though I realized this was an illusion.  I then understood that the hill was in fact a large one and I trudged its incline for an hour when I beheld something new: grass.  It began thin and sparse, but as I continued, it grew in length and density.  Soon I found my feet pressing upon softness and familiarity and, despite our predicament, I smiled.  I continued and noted that the slope appeared to end and that there was a ridge of some sort ahead.  As I neared, I noted a yellow glow behind the ridge that pushed aside the harsh whiteness of this world's sun.  I quickened my pace and desired to see that again for it reminded me of home.
When I reached the ridge, I gazed down and saw that this hill was part of a large mound which bore at its peak, if you will, a crater of its own.  The grass that grew along the upper portion became thicker and carried flowers into the bowl at the crater's center.  There sat the source of the yellow glow.  With eagerness, I began to descend and found as I got closer that the glow was no lantern or fire, but instead a man.  I halted and shook for I could not conceive of what this might mean.  The man, I saw, was lifting stones with his hands and forming a small structure.  Gently, I walked again and found that, like the size of the slope, the size of this man was larger than I guessed.  I know the size of a man to be a meter and two-thirds again and thus did I naturally assume the glowing fellow to be.  With grass and flowers now brushing the undersides of my arms and flowing around my waist like the waters by the sea, I moved closer and the figure towered above me, though he knelt as he constructed this thing.  I drew nearer and felt immersed in confusion and despair.  A tear left my eye and I yelped in woe.  
The man looked at me and he gasped.  He spoke in the ancient tongue of the Gods and I thought to my year as a student in Excester, studying the languages of the Scrolls, as well as to my father and hearing his addresses in the temples.  I repeated the glowing stranger's phrase again in my mind and I translated it thus, "Are you alive?"
"I am," I replied.
At once, he stood and revealed his size as some ten meters above me.  Then I became awash in joy and tears fell again, though they were tears of happiness.  At the sensation and seeing the match in the man's face, I knew that it were his emotions placed upon me that confused me so.  Piecing the elements together, I concluded that this was no man.  This was one of the Lords.
"Welcome home, My child."  He bent low and lifted me gently to His chest.  I attempted to force the overwhelming joy from my mind so I could think clearly and study what was happening.  "For an age, I have labored here in the remains of the City of the Gods and tried to bring life back to Kobol.  I have succeeded but only in this small place."
Then did His despair again threaten to overwhelm me.  I studied His face and found it youthful and sad.  His warming, yellow glow was as the sun on Virgo on the most glorious day in memory, and beyond it still.  I realized I was clutched now by the Son Himself, Lord Apollo.
"Tell me, how many have returned?"
"Only myself and six others, Lord.  There were nearly twenty more, but they perished in the wreck."
Apollo then grimaced in pain and I felt it in the pit of my stomach.  "My Father's Price."  As he said it, I recalled myself Lord Jupiter's admonition that a return to Kobol would be paid for in blood.  "And so you have paid some small measure, too."  He saw my arm and, with His finger, brushed aside the ties and splint.  My arm was no longer in pain and was healed.  I lowered my head in thanks and He asked, "Why have so few seen fit to return here to the cradle of all?"
I felt some shame yet I spoke only the truth, knowing that He would discern a lie.  "It was an accident, Lord.  Our vessel was swept up in some unknown current and ferried here from our colonies so far away."
Apollo smiled and said, "This was the work of Atlas.  He wished for humans to return someday, and he took from Poseidon the knowledge of the sea and its currents, placing such a one in the heavens.  If your vessel takes flight again, you will find that the current sweeps away from Kobol to the west.  From there you may find home again."
"Thank you, Lord.  We shall use it."
"I would ask for you and your comrades to remain, yet I fear that I could not sustain you."  He turned and showed the greenery of the crater and the tenuous stone structure.  "For many years I labored to return the simplest life to this place and have only recently managed to bring blossoms to please Mine eyes and nose.  I cannot yet form food and I fear that most of the water beyond the lip of this bowl is not fit to drink."
"I understand and thank you, Lord."
He knelt and placed me on one of the stone plinths that led into the structure.  "How find you my new Olympus?"
I looked at the Lord and then at the stones about me.  Again, I did not desire to lie, but I wished to shield my words.  "It is of a size for myself, Lord, but Olympus was the home of the Gods."
"It was."  A melancholy came upon me and Apollo looked away.  "It is gone, but I shall rebuild it, just as I shall bring life back to this world."  I wondered at what the Lord had accomplished in the near millennium since mankind's flight.  I spun around and beheld it all in a single motion.  "Night is come.  Stay in the new Olympus.  In the morrow, we will speak."
I could not answer Him for He touched my forehead with His finger and a drowsiness came upon me.  I slept a restful sleep, yet my dreams were troubled.  I saw far-off things and imagined the tales of the Scrolls brought to life.  Here, in this place, they were made manifest and I lived among the Gods as those fortunate souls did centuries past.  When I awakened, Apollo presented me with a rose as large as a basin filled with dew.  I drank from it and was refreshed by its scent and the coolness of the moisture.  
"Now you will tell Me the tale of man since their departure from this place."
I spoke for some hours on the history of the exodus and the spread of mankind among the worlds, the rise of Empires and the drive to explore and colonize.  At this, Lord Apollo seemed troubled, for I felt it myself, and I asked Him to tell me why.
"I fear that the passage of the centuries hath reduced Us in the memories of mankind."
"There are some few who may have forgotten on outer worlds," I assured, "but when we encounter them, we remind them of their Gods."
At this the Lord appeared satisfied but not yet pleased.  It was then that I sensed His disappointment.  He anticipated my question and He asked, "What do you know of the manner in which people were governed here on Kobol in ages past?"
I thought and pondered.  My memories were of the Scrolls, the nature of the Gods, the exoduses by the Thirteenth Tribe and by the remainder afterward.  "Forgive me, Lord, but I know little beyond the presence of a Forum."
"The Forum was the seat of power on Kobol.  Know you how many Lords sat upon that panel?"
"I do not."
"None."  He was silent and let me absorb that thought.  After a time, He said, "For millennia, the Lords of Kobol guided mankind and bestowed the gifts to provide humanity a better life as you grew into it.  It was the people who governed themselves and not Us who governed you."
"But we are no longer on Kobol, Lord Apollo.  We do not have You to guide us."
"You do not need Us to guide you," he said.  I quailed at the thought and He laughed.  "You fled in fear, but in truth, you were set free.  Were you not prepared for it, would My Father have wished you well?  Would He not have beckoned for your return?  Once a child hath grown, he does not return to the cradle.  So it should be with mankind."
"And so it is, Lord.  We do govern ourselves and our worlds."
Again, Apollo did laugh and He said, "You have just told Me of your queens and your kings and the councils of priests and merchants.  What power does a beggar or servant hold in your world?  Hath he a say on the policy of the realm?"  When I shook my head, He answered, "Therefore the people do not govern themselves."
At this I shuddered, for it seemed that the Lord spoke seditiously.
"On Kobol, all of the people," this phrase He stressed, "spoke on matters of import and elected representatives.  Thus, all of the people's voices were heard.  This was the will of the Gods and the people."  His visage then became angry and I quaked with fear.  "And you have beggars and servants.  Servants taken from their own homeworlds.  There were none such as these upon Kobol."
His wrath retreated somewhat and I dared answer, "But the Lords provided on Kobol."
"Could not your kings or queens provide on your worlds?  Could they not elevate these people on other worlds not unlike the Gods did when We descended Olympus?  Could they not do these things and spare the people their cruelty?"  I thought then of the splendour of the monarchy and the towering temples and castles of Buskirk.  I thought of the many people of low stations throughout the worlds.  In the Lord's words, I sensed truth.  "It is clear to me that your colonies do not follow the example of the Gods."
This did wound me to my quick as it reminded me of Jupiter's exhortation.  
"Let us no longer speak of such matters.  The hour grows late."  The harsh light in the sky did indeed fall toward the west.  Lord Apollo brought me another dew-covered rose and I drank from it as He regaled me with stories from the age of the Lords.  I knew some of the tales, yet He provided new elements to each.  Still more were ones that I had no knowledge of, so I shall write them upon my return to Virgo, if the Lords grant it.
In the morning after I was sated with another large rose's water, the Lord took me from my place on New Olympus and held me aloft near His breast.  "Today, you shall return to your ship.  In the night, I did visit it and found the crew asleep.  I healed them of their wounds and aided their work as much as I might."
I understood yet I was upset at having to depart.  My stomach answered my hesitation with a grumble, for it could not be filled with dew alone.  "My Lord, is there some message You should like me to convey to mankind upon my return?"
Apollo looked toward the green ground and thought.  He then answered, "Remind them of Zeus and that humanity should live according to the example of the Gods.  You may then tell them of our conversations and all that I believe it entails."
"I will, Lord Apollo."
"And grant unto them My best wishes for the future."
"I will, Lord Apollo."
The glowing God then carried me across the wide bowl of the crater and set me upon the lip.  I stood there and beheld Him again and we said our farewells.  As He departed, I felt the warmth of His light retreat as well as the sense of His happiness within me, and I thirsted for it again.  It is a thirst I shall yearn for to the end of my days and I am certain I will not be satisfied so again until I enter Elysium.  I watched as Lord Apollo knelt by His reproduction of Olympus and set about adding more stones.  With hesitation, I turned and started my long walk back to the ship.
Many hours later as the sun drew near the horizon again, I came upon the wreck of the Pale Swan.  To my surprise, the vessel was now aright and rested securely.  The damaged holds had been cast off and littered the edges of the crater and it was these that drew my eye from afar.
The crew marveled at my return but were moreso enthused about their own healed injuries.  I told them that I had met with Lord Apollo himself and that this was Kobol, so they grew sore afraid.  I bade them to not fear and spoke of my conversations and that the Lord had healed them and the ship.  So it was that the ruptures had been repaired and the Pale Swan readied for flight only one more day later.  
I began to teach the engineer Goody some of the ways of astrogation and spoke about Atlas' current.  We took to the sky and flew west beyond the shell of Kobol.  The ship shuddered upon reentry to that stream and we were carried far away from the birthplace of mankind.  I left Goody in command of my instruments so we may avoid a similar crash upon our return and retreated to my quarters where I set about writing this account.
PART II – A VOYAGE TO TINASUS
The author comes upon the world of Tinasus.  The peculiarities of the realms of Scarsi and Nolufray described.  He gains favour among both for his knowledge, yet he rejects both in the end for their horrors.

We sailed upon the currents of space for nearly a week.  In that time, the contents of our holds were catalogued by the remaining crew and I further trained the Engineer Goody in the instruments of my trade.  On an evening some five days since our departure from Kobol as I wrote that account, Goody called out to the ship that some world appeared before us and nigh unto our path.  On the command deck, we found our fuel gauges near to the dry marker and they urged me to land there in hopes of finding all we required.  I gave the order to depart the current and land upon this new, unknown world in a far safer fashion than we found Kobol.
The Pale Swan was set upon the beaches of a large continent.  The sky was as blue as that of home, but the oceans were somewhat greener, perhaps by some trick of the light or the presence of algae.  The sands were a fair red, nearly pink, and soft to the touch of skin.  The trees that hemmed the shores were tall with thick sprouts of green and yellow leaves and a red fruit that hung beneath the boughs unlike any I have yet seen.  More unusual than this, however, was the fact that the world was bathed in the light of two suns.  One large and yellow like Virgo's own, and another, smaller, whiter one which seemed ever to hover near the right side of the yellow sun's disk.
I ordered my crew to make ready the ship for flight again despite the lack of fuel for such a journey.  In their cataloguing of the food cargo, the crew determined that there were sufficient provisions to sustain the seven of us for ten months.  I asked that they conserve themselves and that they test the red fruit and perhaps attempt to fish these mysterious waters to replenish our stocks.  For myself, I would set out to see if some splinter colony of man, in their exodus from Kobol, had settled here centuries before, as did our forebears on Virgo among the others.  I had hopes that fuel from the ore tylium could be found so our vessel would fly again.  Goody, for her part, bade me be wary and I warned them the same, that they should maintain a watch lest some foul folk unknown to us had seen the craft's landing.
Having learned from my trek upon the wastes of Kobol, I packed a sack with litres of water and a few days' worth of sparse meals.  Once the suns had set a pair of rocky moons rose and shone on the beach and we all marveled at the sight.  In the morning, after a fitful sleep, I set off into the jungles with a staff to push aside the branches.  The walk was slow-going and strenuous.  Insects of great size hummed about me and some settled upon me.  Fearing their bite and what ailments they may carry, I could not abide them and I crushed more than a score before my pause for a midday meal.  The warmth of this land was as a blanket and my brow and body did sweat.  My clothes, light though they were, were damp with it, but my foresight did not bid me to carry other blouses and such in my sack.  I walked farther into what I believed to be the north and came to a small opening in the side of a hill.  There were the bones of small creatures inside and I became afeared, thinking that some great bear resided within.  I explored it as deep as I could and found naught but dry animal waste and more skeletons.  As the home appeared abandoned, I took up residence and ate my evening meal.  I retreated to the rear of the cavern at nightfall and slept upright in a crooked corner with my wary eye toward the mouth.  
I awoke to the sound of a bird cracking the shell of some snail-type thing upon a rock near my head.  When I stirred, the large purple and white creature was shocked and flew away, leaving its meal behind.  Not wanting to disturb the poor thing further, I gathered myself and departed in hopes that it would return to its breakfast.  Away from the cave, I drank my water and had another small meal.  I walked again and found that my path had, after time, become a ridge.  The large trees thinned and I looked to my right down toward some distant peninsula.  Along its beaches I saw straight lines that were certainly docks for shipping.  Excited, I leapt from the forest and traced the apparent roads to a large city.  Most of the buildings were light brown or gray and appeared to be wood and stone.  There were some tall structures in the center of the city, but I could descry no signage or seal that might provide a clue as to these people.  I descended the hill and slowly heard the hum of engines similar to the motorcars used by the elite of Virgo.  Then I knew they had fuel of a sort, and perhaps I might secure some for ourselves.
In my excitement, I descended the mountain hurriedly and came near to the floor of the valley.  There I saw the buildings arrayed before me and the flags that hung from each one.  Long banners of bright green with some symbol in the canton that I could not discern.  A vehicle flew overhead with two pairs of wings and a pair of propellers.  Motorcars moved about the streets and people wearing similar clothes marched in straight lines along each walk.  I believed that I had found a single, massive military installation and my guess proved nearer the mark than I imagined at the time.
When I descended further and reached the floor of the valley, I found that the entire city was enclosed within a single, five-meter-high wall of stone and brick.  Parapets were placed at intervals of some fifty meters and I could spy no gate of entry.  A dread descended upon me and I feared what may befall if I presented myself to some soldier upon a foreign wall.  Might he have orders to fire upon any who come near?  I remained within the sparse cover of the forest and circled the city as best I could until I finally came near a gate on the southern side.  A road led from it toward the south and I realized that the peninsula with its docks likely lay beyond, so I determined to exit my shield and present myself as a humble visitor.
I strode from the trees into the road and came to a stop some ten meters before the wooden and metal gate.  There was a scramble upon the wall and I saw soldiers speaking to one another while others trained their rifles, I presumed, upon me.  Finally, someone called out and the tongue was alien to me, naturally, and yet not so.  For were we all descended from Kobol of old, so was our language.  In hearing it repeated by the anxious guard, I determined its meaning: "Who goes there?"
I answered in kind, as well as I might, with new inflections placed upon the old tongue, "I am a visitor.  I carry no weapon."  While the soldiers conferred, I spoke the words again and more slowly, should my attempt at translation fail.
"Are you from Nolufray?" they did ask.
"I am not," I answered.
There was further discussion and finally the gate opened.  A pair of armed men emerged and bade me enter and I did so with my hands aloft.  They set upon me and removed my things and clothes.  I nearly objected, but my desire to cover my shame prevented me.  After having perused my belongings, they were tossed back to me and I dressed.  Once so, I faced the men and found that one of them was not.  I looked at the other soldiers around me and determined that nearly half were womenfolk, but so close in appearance to men by both dress and manner to seem indistinguishable.  All of their clothing was a pattern of green and brown stripes and they all bore the same sigil I saw upon their flags upon their breasts.  A man approached me who seemed like all the others, save for a wide red cuff on his sleeve.  He said, "You will report to the quartermaster.  There you shall find housing and food."
"I thank you, sir, however, I have need of fuel for my ship."  In seeing their demeanors, I suddenly feared revealing too much.  "Where might I find such a thing and be on my way?"
The serjeant, or so I deemed him, looked at me askance and said, "Report to the quartermaster."  Before I could question him further, the man and woman who had earlier disrobed me came near, and then urged me forward with the butts of their weapons.  I gathered my pack and moved away from the gate and into the city.
The buildings were as they had appeared a short while ago:  plain stone and brick with wooden supports, and each one with a fluttering banner on their façades.  The people who walked about me all appeared to be soldiers, though some carried young children and bundles of groceries or other goods.  In looking at the buildings, I found that I could not readily discern their purpose.  One may as easily believe a structure to be a residence as it may be a temple or a merchant's shop.  There were no windows where a butcher may display their meats nor mannequins where tailors may show their clothes.  On the latter point, all seemed to wear the same green and brown uniform, so perhaps they have little use for such a thing as tailors.  
At one such structure, the two guards forced me to enter and I saw a room full of people behind tables perusing lists and boxes of goods.  A single woman in a plain green shirt sat on an elevated platform and peered down at her text through large spectacles.  She bore blue epaulets upon her shoulders and silvery chains ran from each and connected to a silver symbol on either side of her collar.  When she saw me enter, she beckoned me forward with her hand.  I turned to my escort and found that they were in the midst of departing.  Would they say nothing of my coming to this quartermaster?  Nervous anew, I approached her and waited.
"What is your name?"
I translated her question with the aid of context and answered after a pause, "Mr. Chadwick Appleton."  The woman then did look at me strangely for I am certain that such a name would not exist here.  She scrawled something on her pages and two men came to my side with lengths of tape.  Quickly and roughly, I was pushed and held as they gathered my measurements and they returned to their own stations.
"Where are you from?"
I hesitated despite understanding the question.  Should I answer truthfully?  If I did not, what shall I say?  Is this "Nolufray" about which I was questioned earlier a friendly location or antagonistic?  I presumed the latter and as I did so, I saw the impatience of the quartermaster.  "I am from a place called Virgo.  I have come here because I have need of fuel and it was my hope …"
"You are assigned to Section Four, Street Nine, Residence Two-Three.  As you are new, an appraiser will meet with you to determine your duty assignment."  She held a slip of paper toward me and I took it as her aides came upon me again with several sets of clothes in that drab green and brown pattern, along with a large pair of black boots.  They foisted them into my arms as I wobbled with the weight of my own pack and then departed my side.  I bent low and sought to replace the strap across my back before I gathered the new clothing up.  The quartermaster asked of me, "Do you know where this residence is?"
Were I not so tired and bewildered, I may have laughed.  Instead, I answered, "I do not.  I am new to this city, whatever it is called."
She shook her head and seemed to answer me with a harumph as she bade me to ask a "street captain" for aid.  She then waved me off, mumbled, "The Nation endures," and returned to her books.
I exited the building and stood on the walk for a few minutes.  Many dozens of people marched past me and again I found it difficult to determine the sex of many who did until they were upon me.  There appeared to be no civilians of any sort in this city for even the soldiers bore goods as servants might in Buskirk or bore children as nursemaids might in Excester.  I looked about for one who might be a "street captain" and saw a man in a solid brown uniform with gold piping along the length of his arms and legs and a decorative red ribbon across the breadth of his chest.  I approached him slowly and held out the slip from the quartermaster and asked that he show me the way.  
I was fortunate that I guessed correctly and the street captain then led me along the main thoroughfare until he came within sight of another dressed as he was.  This was a woman and he gave the paper to her.  Then she guided me farther and I inquired if she might simply convey directions to me so I might lead myself.  Instead, she passed me off to another street captain and then he to another.  At the last, this one led me along a path and to the door of a building that bore the same symbols I recognized from my paper, for I could not read them as a language.  
I entered and found it to be a kind of tenement building.  I looked at the paper again and tried to match the symbols thereon to the symbol beside each of the doors.  Having no success among the eight doors on the lower floor, I ascended the stairs and searched again.  There I found a match and knocked upon it.  It was opened by a man in the standard uniform of the people.  There was a black band around his collar and he looked at me curiously.  I showed him the paper and asked if I was in the right place.  He said nothing and stepped aside to allow my entry.
I found the home, if it could be called such, to be sparse, and my use of the word "sparse" is of a kind that no Virgan hath yet seen.  All the walls were gray poured cement or stone, as were the floors and ceilings.  The furnishings, what few there were, were simple wood with no embellishment or padding to make them comfortable for the eye or the body.  There was a single window that ran lengthwise across much of the room.  It stood one and one-half meters from the floor and was only half a meter high.  Set within the opposite wall was a rack wherein four rifles were placed, along with pistols, shortswords, and pouches of ammunition and powder.  I turned again and looked toward what appeared to be a stove next to a washbasin and believed it to be the kitchen.  There at a table was another person dressed in the standard uniform who hovered their head above a bowl of some food and scooped it up.  The man who had opened the door returned to the table and began eating his food.  I walked toward the rear of the main room and found a pair of doorways with no doors set in them.  Both rooms included beds with thin mattresses, but the bed in the righthand room was the larger.
"Pardon me," I called to the kitchen.  "In which room shall I place my things?"
"Our room is on the right," the other person said.  In hearing the voice, I knew it to be a woman for her appearance did not inform me so on the first look.  
I entered the room and saw that everything was orderly.  The bed was tidied and a cabinet without doors contained several reproductions of the uniform.  There was a second cabinet next to it that stood empty and I believed that to be mine.  After I placed my things inside, I returned to the kitchen and prepared to assault my new flatmates with a host of questions.  Instead, I was greeted with the angry face of the man who stood from the table and said only, "Get dressed!"
Abashed, I returned to the quarters and removed my own sweat-soaked clothes and boots.  As pleased as I was to be free of them, I was less so once I stepped into the scratchy woolen green and brown uni I was provided.  The boots fit fair enough, however, and I returned to the kitchen where I apologised for my general uncleanliness, having walked so far through the jungles for two days.  The man again seemed embittered by my words and the woman pushed a bowl toward me with a spoon.  I stirred the food within and its wet consistency was similar to an oatmeal or porridge, yet there was a scent to it that I could not place.  It seemed almost meaty but I could not find any meat within it.  I asked, "What is this?"
The woman looked at me in confusion and said, "It is food."
I ate it and found it to be much like porridge in texture and flavor.  The temperature was very decidedly not to my liking and I found that I could bear no more than three spoons worth before I felt the need for conversation, as my flatmates had not uttered a word.  "Tell me, what is the name of this place?"
The woman looked upon the scowling man and nearly spoke before he asked me, "How do you not know the city?"  I explained that I was new to this place and had come from elsewhere.  I began to speak of my need for fuel when he asked, "Have you ever traveled to Nolufray?"
"I have not.  Are they your foe?"
"They are the foe of all," he replied.  
He returned to eating and I looked from one to the other.  When none spoke again, I asked again, "What is this place?"
The man huffed and angrily set his spoon on the table.  She looked at him and said, "If he is truly a visitor to us, he hath no understanding of our ways."  He then bit his tongue and acquiesced.  She faced me and answered, "This is the Southland in the Nation of Scarsi."
"How large is this nation?"
The man formed a fist and warned, "Mind your words, soldier."
The woman seemed to ignore him and said, "Ours is one of the four Great Cities."
With my spoon, I spun the porridge and asked, "Are all the people soldiers?"
This confused her and she paused before saying, "Of course."
"I was told that an appraiser would be visiting me tomorrow.  What will this person do?"
Now the man answered, "The appraiser's duty is to gather information on each soldier so that they may be assigned to the best position to serve our Nation."  It was only at this point that I truly understood that I had been conscripted into the service of Scarsi.  I grew quiet and pondered my status.
As I did, the woman said, "I must ask you: when do you prefer to couple?"  I understood her words but not her meaning, so I bade her explain.  "Would you prefer to couple in the evening or the morn?"
At this I am certain that my face became flush and I felt a warmth across my body.  My tongue stuttered and I inquired further, "Are you asking when I would like to make love?"  Now she was confused.  "You will forgive me, madam, but I do not know your name.  Why should you desire to 'couple' with me?"
The others shared a perplexed glance and she answered, "We are partners now.  It is our duty, when we are not at our posts, to provide children that the Nation may have soldiers in the future."  
I was flustered and I believe that I chuckled.  After a moment, I pointed at the man and asked, "Is this not your partner?"
"No.  He is the minder."
She said this word as though I knew its societal meaning.  Quickly she saw my lack of understanding and explained, "A minder is present in all residences to ensure compliance with the laws of the Nation and the orders of our Supreme General."  I was stunned by the concept and said nothing.  Absentmindedly, I brought another spoon of the porridge to my mouth and regretted it once the cold mush touched upon my tongue.  
Outside, horns were sounded and both the minder and my "partner" stood from the table and faced the window.  Sensing something of import, I stood as well.  A second horn sounded and both placed each palm against the opposing breast and began a recitation.  The first sentence was something akin to, "I swear fealty to the Nation of Scarsi and pledge my duty in all that it requires."  There were several more lyrics to the oath but I could not translate them quickly enough in my mind and commit them to memory.  At the conclusion of the recitation, a third horn sounded and the minder faced me angrily.  "Why did you not pledge the Oath?"
"I have never heard this oath before now."
My partner interceded and said, "He is new to Scarsi.  He does not know our ways."
The minder angrily stormed away and said only, "You must acquaint yourself with them quickly."
The woman took the bowls from the table to the washbasin and began to clean them.  I walked to the window and looked outside.  I saw that the suns were setting and the streets appeared to be free of any traffic, save some "street captains" and their lieutenants, I supposed.  I approached my partner and asked what was to be done for the evening's entertainment and she behaved as though the word carried no meaning.  I asked again, saying instead, "What are we to do now?"
"After the evening Oath, we perform a review of our weapons and prepare for bed.  If you wish to bathe, you may do so now."
I walked about the residence briefly and noted that there were no facilities visible.  I was about to ask when the minder came to me and shewed me the door.  He said there was a communal bath in the hall and I thanked him.  Upon my exit from the residence, I studied the fronts of each apartment on this level.  Only one door did not bear a handle and I pushed upon it.  It opened into a large, tiled room with several toilets and a bank of pipes along the left wall.  One man was seated upon a commode while a man and a woman were bathing in the showers' water.  They bore no sense of shame or impropriety and I tried to disabuse myself of such feelings.  After the day's events, I did have to relieve myself and I did so for a long time.   I then moved toward the bathing area and found soap on a shelf.  I dawdled and slowly removed my clothes so those who had been bathing might finish and depart.  Thankfully, their ablutions were brief and they left the bath together.  The man on the commode did not depart and I had the thought that he may be a minder.  With flushed cheeks, I stepped into the long basin and pulled the chain.  Warm water fell on me and I scrubbed at myself vigourously with the Scarsi soap.  It did its work but it had no pleasing aroma.  I cleaned the film from me, washed my hair thoroughly, and dried myself off with mine own clothes as I redressed.  When I returned to my residence, the minder was at the door and had been waiting.  He asked why it had taken so long and I explained that I had traveled far and had many leagues of sweat and dirt upon me.  
He then pointed at the table and a large pair of volumes that sat thereon.  "These are the laws and ways of Scarsi.  You will learn them!"
I became as straight as I could.  "I will."  He seemed pleased for the first time and returned to his quarters. 
My partner was reviewing the weapons in their place and counting the ammunition.  I walked to her side and listened as she mumbled the name of each rifle and pistol and sword.  At the end, she turned to me and said that we would have to do this together henceforth.  She then guided me to her bedchamber, though perhaps I should write that it is ours.  She pulled back the blanket from the bed and removed her boots.  As she got into bed, I asked, "Have we no pyjamas?"  Like many things, she looked at me as though she had no idea as to what I had said.  I removed my boots and sat on the bed beside her.  Its width was barely the height of a man, so we were near.  "I am sorry but I do not believe I can couple with you tonight."
"Because you are new?"
"Yes."
She looked out the doorway and across the hall.  The minder was sitting on the side of his bed and staring into our chamber.  "He will be displeased, but he will have to understand."
"I thank you."  I pulled the sheets over me and kept my right side as close to the edge as possible and far from her.  I looked up at the lamp over her side of the bed and she raised her hand to turn the valve.  As she did, the flame was doused.  The minder grumbled and stood up from his bed and doused the lamps elsewhere in the residence before returning to his own bed and plunging it into darkness.
As tired as I was I could not believe that we were any more than an hour or two beyond the suns' set and thus the evening's hour felt too early for sleep.  I turned my head toward her and whispered, "What is your name?"
"Sleep.  He will be listening."  I straightened and stared at the ceiling.  In my memory, I walked through the city again and planned my routes of escape, but I was soon slumbering.
I awakened to the sound of the distant horns.  There was some faint light from the sitting and dining area's windows.  My partner quickly stood from bed and faced out the doorway toward the minder and made the same salute.  They recited the Oath on the second horn and finished by the time the third sounded.  My partner stepped into her boots and began to leave when the minder entered the room and rousted me from the bed with his large hands.
"You did not recite the Oath!  You did not stand for the horns!"
In my state, I could not defend myself, yet my partner spoke for me, "You gave him the laws and ways last night.  He hath had no opportunity to learn them."
He threw me to the floor and said, "You will learn them now and you will recite the Oath, without error, at the midday!"
He stormed away and I put on my boots.  I wanted to thank my partner, but she had departed as well.  I found her in the dining area pouring water into bowls and then placing them about the table.  The minder stirred his and immediately ate.  I saw that the meal of mine was not adequately soaked, so I stirred, too, and sampled it.  It was no surprise that the porridge was precisely the same as the night before.  While I ate, I pulled the first of the books to me and opened the cover.  I stared at the alphabet and tried to see familiarity in its letters but I could find none.  Whatever kinship our tongues had to the ear was lost when pen met paper.  Still, I tried, and the minder spoke up, "Now is the time for eating!"
I did not argue.  Instead, I closed the book and pushed it away.  Soon, my partner was herself finished and she took her bowl to the basin before gathering an array of weapons, putting on her plain cap, and walking out the door.  I continued to eat and kept my head low to avoid meeting the eyes of the minder.  He finished his bowl and took it to the basin before he returned to the table and simply sat staring at me.  Finally, I finished, removed the bowl, and then returned, whereupon I began to study the volume again.
The symbols were uniform, thankfully, yet I could make little sense of them.  I sought for what might be "Scarsi" or the word for "laws" and found naught.  I turned the pages at a slow but steady pace so as to not rile the suspicions of the minder, yet I knew that the midday drew near and I knew but half the Oath, having only heard it twice in full.  As if the Lords heard my prayer, the door of the residence opened and an older woman in a gray uniform with white panels upon her shoulders and sleeves stood there.
"I am the appraiser here to appraise the new one."
"He is here, appraiser," the minder said.
I smiled and nodded toward her, hoping that this might be someone with whom I could reason.  She sat at the table with a book and a blank sheaf of paper.  She started to write immediately and after a minute, she asked me where I was from.  I answered truthfully and said, "Virgo.  It is far away."  She then asked after my expertise and I said that I had studied navigation in college for some years.  This confused her and I changed "college" to "training academy."
Her eyes grew wide and she asked, "You have been trained in the science of sailing?"
"I have," I said.
Finally, I beheld a face who seemed pleased to see me.  "We have a great need for your skill as a new assault is prepared for launch against Nolufray."
I had no taste for war and certainly not a war in which I had no part, yet in this, I saw an opportunity.  "Do you use the yellow ore, tylium, to power your vessels?"
"Our sailing vessels use only the wind.  Our air vehicles and land vehicles use the ore."
Undaunted, I pressed: "And will air and land vehicles be used in the assault on Nolufray?"
"I do not know the manner of our assault, only that plotters such as yourself are required."  She wrote something on her paper and stood from the table.  After she handed the page to me, she said, "You are to report immediately to the naval station and the master plotter there.  You will then be assigned a ship and you will aid in the glorious battle against the vile Nolufray.  The Nation endures."
The minder barked with pride in repetitious response and then glared at me.  I, too, said, "The Nation endures."  The appraiser then gathered her book and left the residence.  I faced the minder and asked, "Which is the way to the naval station?"
Frustrated with me again, he pointed and said, "By the ocean."
I then recalled seeing the peninsula and long docks or wharfs.  I walked to the bedchambers and gathered my satchel.  After I packed my clothes in it – both the new and the old – I returned to the sitting room and looked at the minder.  "I will be off."
"That is your post now.  Go."
I departed the residence and realized that I may not be free of that odious man.  If the naval station was to be my post, I would have to remain at the residence.  I then took care as I walked to memorize the signs and buildings so I could return in the evening.  I passed through several crowds of people moving from one building to another and witnessed large columns of soldiers marching.  At one point, the street thinned and there were but three others within sight.  Here the horn sounded and I stopped and made the salute.  I feared having people near me but I hoped they were far enough away.  On the second horn, I began the recitation and where my memory failed me, I made the sounds of words so as to fool any who might have heard.  The third horn sounded and we pedestrians continued on.
Some time later, I smelled the salty air of the ocean.  I emerged from a street and saw a large building with the masts of ships arrayed on either side of it.  I approached the guard at the main door and showed him the paper from the appraiser.  He directed me to a different building and I walked along the seafront.  The Scarsi sailing vessels appeared large and sturdy.  Thick wooden hulls with metal plating attached along the topmost decks.  A rotating cannon sat on the prow and gunports lined the length.  I approached another guard and she bade me enter.  After I shewed the page to two others, I was guided into a large assembly room where dozens were sat and listening to an older man.  
"What is this?"  The guard who let me in retreated and I moved toward him with some hesitancy.  I gave him the page and he squinted and wrinkled his face.  In this, he reminded me of one of my instructors at the Atlarian School and I nearly smiled.  Finally, he nodded and said, "Most excellent.  We have need of skilled plotters and you are now among your fellows."  He pointed at the audience and said, "Join them."
For an hour, the master plotter spoke of the currents of the ocean, their systems of measurement, and of the types of rigging on the vessels.  This was good information to know so I committed it all to memory as best as I might.  When the plotting of the journey to Nolufray came to an end so did the lesson.  There was no information on the coast of the far-off land, nor what we were to do upon the disembarkation of our soldiers.  I asked after this and the old man was affronted.
"Whatever coast you find will suit for our soldiers.  They are trained in all terrains.  After they have disembarked, you are to provide coastal support when called upon."  This is all he would say and he departed the room quickly after he said the common phrase, "The Nation endures."
The class of plotters stood and began to leave.  I took the arm of one near me and asked in a whisper, "How many assaults have the Scarsi made upon the Nolufray?"
She answered, "I know none who would know.  Hundreds, I would suppose."
And yet this enemy had not been defeated?  Nor did they seek to defeat the Scarsi?  I did not voice these thoughts, but I asked, "When was the last such assault?"
"One month past."
The journey across the ocean takes a fortnight and I hoped that previous plotters may have some advice.  "What do those who have returned say?"
The woman appeared confused and she shook her head.  "None have ever returned.  The Nolufray kill all the Scarsi who invade their waters and thus we continue the war."
At this, my heart sank and my stomach roiled.  I teetered on my heels before a small man in a green uniform with blue and silver details came to me with a measuring tape.  I recognized his dress as that of the quartermaster and he urged me to follow the other plotters out of the assembly room.  There, we were crowded before someone wearing a black uniform with large bands of colour on the sleeves: green, blue, and red.  Gold and silver chains looped about his neck and streamed toward his shoulders, breasts, and sleeves.  He addressed the plotters and spoke to them of the import of their work and how the Nation depended upon them.  He soon departed and a woman in gray with gold chains and black epaulets stepped forward with a list.  She read a list of numbers and then pointed at a plotter in the crowd, who would then run down a ramp to the docks below.  I was given the number "Eighteen."  The quartermaster said, "I will find you there."  He left and then I did as the others before me.
After descending the ramp, I met a guard at the bottom and asked, "Eighteen?"  He pointed the way and I ran again.  Soon, though, I had to ask again, and finally, I made it to the gangplank of my vessel.  I boarded the ship and found myself on the deck among many hands who carried supplies up the cargo plank.  They all wore simple brown uniforms.  
"Here!" someone called from the stern of the vessel.  I walked through the crowd and up the stairs to a kind of cage where stood a man in a blue uniform with bands of red and yellow on his sleeves.  "You are in the wrong place."
"I am a plotter, sir.  I was just appraised this morning."
His demeanor shifted instantly and he relaxed.  "Would you like to see your maps?"
"Very much, sir."
He led me away from the cage and down the steps.  I believed we were about to enter the quarter cabins, but instead, we reentered the cage, though at a lower level.  In this room, the helmsman's wheel stood as did the tiller.  Tubes opened in the ceiling to the deck above to allow for orders to be shouted down.  I looked about and considered the design an intelligent one, as it secured control of the vessel, barring the sails themselves, of course.
"Your post, plotter."  He pointed to a wall and table on the larboard side.  "I trust you will be in uniform soon?"
"Yes, sir.  A quartermaster will arrive shortly."
Once he departed, I looked about again and spotted a woman at the till.  She wore a light blue uniform with dark blue cuffs and piping.  The man at the wheel wore the same.  I decided to ask them what questions I had.  "Was that the captain?"
They did not understand, perhaps conflating the word with those who managed the streets.  "That was the sailer.  He commands the vessel."
"Forgive me.  I am new to Scarsi."  At this they nodded in understanding.  The quartermaster then entered and presented me with a bundle.  I thanked him and he left.  Seeing the stowed cots along the walls, I believed that this place would serve as my quarters for the voyage so I saw little need to seek privacy.  I did, however, position myself somewhat behind a beam as I undressed.  My new uniform was light blue, as was the tiller and helmsman's, but it featured cuffs of green.  I packed my old uniform away in my satchel when I heard the distant horn.  Nigh on instinct, I stood aright and clasped my hands to my chest.  I was stunned at how quickly I had been so trained and the second horn sounded.  I said the Oath, doing better than I had at midday, yet still having to mutter some of the syllables at the end, but the pair did not seem to notice.
The tiller left her post and pulled cots from the walls while the helmsman took out a pail of water and three bowls.  I knew this was more of the porridge yet my stomach craved filling.  After we ate and the bowls were cleaned, I asked, "Are we not to return to our residences this evening?"
"No," the tiller said.  "On the evening before an assault, we sleep aboard ship and sail after the first Oath of the day."
I slept in the cot on the wave-buffeted boat better than I had in the dark, close quarters with my partner the night before.  The morning horns came and the Oath after.  Soon, the sailer barked his orders and commands came down from the deck above.  Once we left the harbour of Southland, we were in the open sea with a fleet of some forty vessels.  I know this only because I peered through the small portholes along the fore-facing wall.  In such close formation, I did not know what my duties would entail, but the sailer soon called down several positions, as well as the suns' sighting.  With the information provided by he, the tiller, and the helmsman, I soon marked our progress on the maps.  They were pleased that I had done well and quickly and that all seemed to be on the correct path.  
I, however, looked several pages deeper into my maps and found the coast of Nolufray in greater detail than I had seen before, yet not in detail enough.  A dread fell upon me and I knew it would be many days before it would rear itself fully.

The days that passed were rote and unremarkable, save for a storm at night four days after our departure.  Our fleet was tossed about, but none suffered any damage of which I was aware.  On the fourteenth day, our spotters found a mist on the horizon which the sailer said must be Nolufray.  I inquired if the coast was known to have a haze about it and he said he did not know.  We sailed closer and the wisps enveloped all the ships.  The chief sailer ordered by means of coloured flags the reformation of our fleet into a line and all pushed forward, deeper into the shroud.  A few minutes afterward, I heard a sound that many a sailor fears: the grinding of rocks upon the hull.  Bells sounded throughout the ship and the hair upon my neck stood on end.
Our ship continued on unscathed, seemingly, yet I heard the same sound from our neighbouring vessels.  I called up to the sailer in distress and urged him to slow our approach but he ignored my concern.  Through the windows and vents, I heard the snapping of beams and masts around us and I ran to see sails fall into the sea around pillars of stone that now rose above the breaks.  Again I cried out to the sailer that we would be lost if we persisted and he ordered me to be silent.  "The chief sailer hath signaled us forward, and thus we shall until we sink!"  
I faced my companions in the control room.  The helmsman and tiller were both younger than myself and I could see a hint of fear in their faces, but they were in proper control.  I left my maps and stood by the wheel as our prow ground against some outcropping of rock.  "Hear me.  I have many years of experience in sailing and I am telling you true when I say that if you do not steer us aside, we will all perish."
As both the wheel and the till performed the same functions in case either were damaged, I needed only one of them to concur with me and aid me, yet neither did.  The helmsman and the tiller both raised their chins high and said, "The Nation endures."
I felt the deck beneath rear up as our larboard hull was rent by the craggy stones.  The lurching caused the helmsman to fall from his place but the tiller remained, held fast by a leather strap.  In the tumult, I lunged for her and brought an elbow across her head.  She was dazed and slumped within the strap and I unfastened it.  She rolled against the bulkhead as the helmsman struggled to right himself and I turned the till that our ship may bear starboard.  We came off the rock and the sailer yelled into the chamber, but in the madness of the moment, I could not hear what he said.  The sea was rough yet more fair than it had been and our vessel was clearly taking on water.  Soon our prow met another rock and the helmsman ran to his wheel.  I had fastened the leather strap about my waist and could not reach him, but I felt the tension on the till as he moved the wheel against my intent.  Rocks ground against us again and the sailer yelled down, "Hard to larboard!"
Larboard was in the direction of the rocks and I knew his command to be suicide.  Still, the helmsman struggled to comply.  Not a minute later there was an answer for the sailer's urgency when another ship crashed into our starboard side.  They had followed the chief sailer's order without hesitation and bore into the rocks at full speed, knocking our ship aside and against the rocks again.  The ship listed to larboard and then began to sink.  I heard the cries of our hundreds of soldiers below and that of the many hands who manned the guns.  The sailer called out, "Maintain positions!"  The helmsman then affixed his own leather strap.  I found it difficult to remain erect and I saw water enter our cabin.  Our ship was not long for the world above.
I unbuckled the strap and slid across the deck toward the cage's entrance.  The door was locked.  A panic fell over me and I cursed myself for thinking the cage a strategically intelligent design.  I then looked to the windows across the front of the cabin and saw that they bore no bars.  I braced my feet onto a now-nearly horizontal beam and climbed out of the cage and onto the deck beyond.
The world had toppled.  Masts stretched toward a mist-covered cliff wall and peaks of jagged rocks reached over my head.  I turned and looked toward the command deck and within the upper half of the cage, I saw the sailer and his first mate, grasping the bars for stability as the ocean water began to engulf them.  Still, they called out orders and gave no voice to abandon the vessel.
I saw their adherence to duty as madness and leapt from one post on the deck to another when I reached the doors of the hold.  I heard pounding against them and I freed the latches.  Within I saw many dozens of men and women dressed in green and brown uniforms and carrying rifles.  The soldiers were ready to attack and they leapt out from the hold and into the thrashing sea.  The vessel continued to sink and I looked to get some measure of the rest of the fleet where I saw only toppled masts and splintered beams among the shafts of dark stone.
As the ship broke apart beneath me in the waves, I took hold of a beam and began to paddle toward what I believed to be the shore.  A large portion of the soldiers who had been aboard stranded themselves atop the rock pillars while others did as I and grasped debris in hopes of floating to their destinations.  Soon, the mists parted before me and I saw the full height of the massive, white cliff wall.  It was some two hundred meters high from the sea's level and appeared unscalable.  If this was the only path to Nolufray, then all of Scarsi's soldiers piled atop one another would still not reach their foe.
When my feet and hands first touched the warm, pink sand of the beach, I bowed my head low and let the waves brush against my forehead.  I gave thanks to Lord Neptune for having spared me such an end.  I stood and found my feet unsteady and I gazed back at the invasion force.  In the haze, I could spy nothing save for a single mast that bobbed with the breaking waves.  On my right, some two dozen Scarsi soldiers stood.  A few looked back toward their fellow men and women, now dead or nearly so in the ocean.  A few looked at the white cliff wall and judged it insurmountable, as did I.  The remainder checked their equipment and cursed, for their powder was wet and now useless.  The beach to the northwest ran thin along the base of the wall, but the southeast path led away from that massive mountain and the distance held the promise of something new.  It was in this direction that I walked.
I kept my eye to the sea as I moved and counted a great many skeletons along the way, both of ships and of men.  I could not judge their age nor their number, and I could do little but lower my head in shame at the futility of such a war.  After many kilometers and hours of the day, the wall became lower and I spied what I believed to be structures atop it.  I paused and feared as I considered the possibility that the words of the Scarsi about their enemy may be true.  I removed the sigil of Scarsi from my uniform as well as the coloured patches that conveyed my rank as plotter in hopes that this would prove enough to set me apart from their number.  
The beach met the edge of a lush forest similar to where the Pale Swan had landed and I climbed the hills into its shade.  As the suns set, I found there in the high branches of the trees a colourful, sweet fruit that nourished me in a manner I would not have thought possible.  After more than a fortnight subsisting solely on the porridge, I was terribly thankful, and I gave praise unto Ceres for the bounty.  
I fell asleep at some point thereafter and it was a deep slumber.  I awoke in the morning when I was jostled about by strange hands.  I opened my eyes and scurried against the trunk of a tree and beheld these new, dirty faces.  There were eight people of varying ages, both men and women, and nearly all were missing limbs.  A few appeared to be missing an eye and some groaned with the stumps of what had been their tongues visible within their mouths.  Those that could speak spoke a language different than the Scarsi, yet still near enough that I was able to understand it after concentration.  "Spare us, master," they said.  They held out their hands and revealed missing fingers along with their missing arms and legs.  I stood and said I had nothing to give them, but this proved to be false as I soon recalled the excess fruit I had taken from the treetop the previous evening.  On remembering this, I gave them the three red and yellow oblong shapes and they seemed pleased.  I left them and walked deeper into the forest and came upon an encampment filled with many a ramshackle home, if they could be called so.  I saw dozens all about and they were all as infirmed as the beggars who had awakened me.  When I beheld children similarly afflicted, I wept.  Though the Scarsi knew nothing of their prior invasions or of any success against the Nolufray, I judged these people to be evidence of a long and costly conflict.
I moved through the camp to the other side, away from the beach and the forest, and saw a ridge with many such buildings along it.  Thousands may live here and I faced the north and saw tall, square structures with pillars of smoke rising from great chimneys.  As poor and injured as these people appeared, factories remained hard at work and I supposed that the Nolufray were busy building up their own armies and navies.
I found the main streets clogged with beggars and when my attention wandered away from the industries, I saw that they were regarding me.  They crowded near and many reached toward me with gnarled hands or even the severed ends of their arms.  I was a curiosity and I realized that I was the only person in sight who was whole.  I was overwhelmed both in person and with emotion and I asked them to please let me pass.  To my surprise, they lowered their heads and created an open path.  I thanked them and walked north toward the factories where the forest finally ended.
To my left, I looked into the northwest beyond the factories and saw the rising slope of the cliff wall and the many tall, gleaming structures upon it.  My mouth fell agape at the grandeur of the marble in the morning suns and the glint of gold and silver upon their domes and arches.  The center of this great city was still several kilometers distant and I believe I spied airships moving among their spires.  I marveled at what they had built and then felt a confusion at how these outer areas were so poorly maintained.  As I walked, I tried to reason it and thought that perhaps the beggars were castouts from this society for their crimes, whatever those may be.  I moved beyond the industry and into another neighbourhood of homes and businesses.  These were better maintained than the encampments in the forest, made of plain brick and stone and not old and rotten wood, yet still these were far beneath the quality of the city that remained ahead.  I looked to the people around me and found them to be cleaner, yet I still spied among them more than a few who were without arms or legs.  Despite my appearance, I was not mobbed by them, though some gave me a long look.
At the center of this area, a throughway was blocked by some procession.  In the midst of the throng there stood a group of people whom I believed to be a family.  They carried a box barely half a meter square and wailed.  Those who did not carry the box waved their hands in the air and then to the ground before repeating the gesture.  I heard them call out, "From us was he taken, and to us was he given!"  They said it every few paces and after several minutes, the throughway cleared and I continued my walk toward the shining city.
I came upon a terminus of this neighbourhood and the next.  A row of markets and merchant shops faced out from the city center and all of these structures were made of a fairer stone than I had seen before, if not the exquisite marble that remained ahead.  Men and women dressed in finery stood before their wares and at their counters.  They appeared all to be well fed and dressed and nary a one shewed the sign of any amputation.  I faced the clothing merchant before me and walked to her shop.  A fancifully coloured cloth awning shielded us from the suns and she looked at me with curiosity.  
"Greetings.  I am Chadwick Appleton of Virgo."
She frowned and studied me anew.  "Your speech and manner of dress are not of the 'fray.  You have not given of yourself to all, unlike most of the 'fray.  Where is this Virgo?"
"It is far and far have I traveled.  I am a navigator and have need of fuel."  Her eyes widened and she brought her hand to her mouth.  I took the gesture to mean that I should be still and she guided me behind her counter.
"Speak again and spare no detail."  Encouraged, I said the same though I withheld sufficient elements indicating that I was from another world.  After I inquired about procuring tylium fuel, the woman smiled and nodded.  "I will bring you to the Great Commerce and present you to the Panel of Venders.  Then I shall be rewarded.  Here, allow me to dress you in a manner appropriate for the occasion."  She bade me disrobe and I complied.  Unlike the Scarsi, she displayed a sense of propriety and faced from me when I exposed my undergarments.  She provided a cloth for me to clean myself somewhat and as I did so, she lowered the awning and closed her shop.  After, she presented me with a knee-length black robe with a fine embroidery throughout and a pair of fine, black leather boots.  She placed a black cap upon my head and told me that I was now fit to present to the Venders.  
We departed her shop and she pulled me toward a near seller.  After a brief discussion, he lent her a bottle and she sprayed me with a pungent parfum.  I have never been fond of such a scent, but given my state after weeks upon the sea and a harrowing pair of days, I welcomed it.  She guided me through a gauntlet of shops and stores, each filled with sellers and buyers in various states of fine dress.  I saw none of the beggars or workers who had populated the lower levels of the city and I witnessed none who had been injured in a substantial manner.  
The walk became steep and vehicles with motorized engines passed us along the roads.  The vehicles were brightly colored and trimmed with copper or gold.  I looked at the buildings that rose about me and found them all to be of exceeding height where some were one hundred meters tall or more.  They contained sweeping arches and columned paths, luminous domes of both precious metal and fine, coloured glass, alabaster white marble walls, and jeweled windows and doors.  The beauty of the city was a marvel, but I found the architectural knowledge that created these structures to be more marvelous.  At the center of the city, there rose a series of towers with intricate gold and silver cupolas.  From far below, I spied walkways between the five spires that met at the center at a platform supported by a thin series of arches.  Again, I wondered at the engineering and artistry before the merchant roused me from my awe and carried me within.
She spoke to the attendants as I beheld the vaulted ceilings and the many glorious statues in the vestibule.  There were shops and stands in this place, too, and people bartered for goods, including food, clothing, and other items I could not discern at such a distance.  Soon I was taken to the base of one of the towers and the floor beneath us rose quickly.  With a start, I gripped the wall and wondered at the mechanics of such a thing.  Still we rose higher and I fell faint.  The merchant said this was a lift and that I should not be fearful.  It was not fear, I said, but a vertigo that came upon me.  Then the lift came to a halt and I saw the grandeur of the towers.
Paintings, statues, and fine furniture filled the large circular room.  Arches rose high into the shining dome and light shone down on us all without shadow.  Through the only other entrance, I could see the wide path that led into the open air between the other towers.  There was a balustrade on either side for the hands to grip and I feared another attack once we emerged on it, but the merchant cautioned me to walk in the center of the path.  Doing so shielded my eyes from the truly dizzying view to the ground below, and I kept my focus on the center platform.  There I saw five large chairs in which were set five people, large by their appearance though I would later see that this was mostly due to their elaborate dresses.  About the perimeter of the circle was a tall golden fence and there were telescopes and other instruments placed within it.  I was curious and stared at this as we approached.  When we reached the center of that large platform, the merchant bowed and turned in a complete circle.  Unsure of the protocol, I performed the same gesture.  She spoke loudly and turned to each of the five, taking care to face each person for about the same length of time.  "Distinguished Venders, I present to you a stranger to our lands.  I found him by my shop and gave him aid.  He is from a place called Virgo and he is skilled in the sciences of navigation."
The Venders appeared pleased and smiled upon the merchant.  "What are you called?" a woman in a satin blue robe asked.  I answered and they appeared intrigued by my speech.  "And you are skilled in navigation?"  I said that I was.  A man in a yellow robe festooned with jewels leaned forward over his own belly and spoke: "If the suns hath set and there be no markers upon the horizon nor a compass on your ship, how might you guide your vessel home?"  Quickly I answered the stars and he clapped his hands together.  A woman in a green robe lined with fur asked if I knew the stars well, and here is where I faltered.  
As I had not eaten since the fruit the evening before, my mouth was unmoored and I said, "I studied astrogation at university for years."  
The eyes of the five Venders widened and one in white asked, "By this, you mean the stars and travel among them?"  There was little I might have said to withdraw my statement, so I committed to the error and answered that I had.
All five stood from their high chairs and descended to the platform.  They gripped my hand and greeted me with embraces whilst showering me with praise.  They thanked me for coming to them and they heaped still more praise upon the merchant who guided me to this place.  A Vender in purple bade the merchant go to her tower and there ask to be given a third appointment and its contracts.  While I knew not what this meant, the merchant appeared overcome with emotion and thanked the Venders and me before she ran along one of the paths.
"Please, please," the Vender in white said.  "Let us retire to my tower and there we shall eat and speak more of your studies and your skill."  Hungered, I gladly complied though I felt a concern that I had revealed so much in so few words.
We walked along the path to a tower different than the one I had risen in earlier that was just as ornate and well-appointed.  Paintings covered every exposed centimeter of the marble walls and crystals hung from the arches beneath a golden dome where light rained upon us.  A sturdy, dark wood table stretched across the center of the room and each place was set with a series of golden plates and dishes.  Gold and silver bowls held salt and a wide variety of spices at which I could not guess.  The utensils and goblets were intricately crafted and beautiful to gaze upon, constructed of ivory and linked with gold or jewels.  Seeing the whiteness of the ivory, I looked about myself again and realized that fine substance was common, so I wondered about the animals that roamed these lands.  The chairs themselves were constructed of dark woods and the upholstery featured the finest, most supple leather I had encountered.
As we sat, servants entered and poured wine into our goblets and brought courses to our plates.  I was served a kind of broth, by its smell it was seethed pork and there were thick pieces of well-marbled bacon within.  It was rich and perhaps ill for an empty stomach, but I ate heartily and was then given a plate of vegetables.  There were what appeared to be carrots, though they were purple in color, orange lettuce leafs with a sort of mustard sauce, and various roots.  I sampled a few of them and found them similar to the vegetables of home before the warm loaf of bread caught my eyes.  It was among the best breads I have ever eaten and I have naught with which to compare it.  As I was served with minced meat dumplings, entertainers with instruments entered and began to play softly.  The tune was alien to my ears and the instruments likewise, but I found the sound pleasant.  I noted that the Venders were watching as I ate the last portion of the dumplings and seemed pleased by my appetite.  When pastries and what I believed to be a leg of some pheasant was brought out, the Vender in yellow urged me to put honey atop the meat for a different flavor.  In an attempt to be polite, I did so and found the taste amusing and then delicious, even though this was also beef or pork and not some fowl as I had expected.  I had finished nearly half of the leg placed before me when I was overcome with fatigue and a desire to cease my feasting.  I reclined from the table and sipped at my wine while servants brought forth plates of cheese and fruits.  I sampled them slowly and in minute quantities, yet the Venders remained satisfied in all that I had eaten.
"I trust you find our hospitality inviting, Chadwick Appleton," the blue Vender said.  I answered that I did and thanked them for it.  "Now that you are fed and while we allow ourselves to digest the meal, we have questions for you, and we are happy to answer any questions you may have of us."
I decided to share with them my experiences after I had landed.  "When I came to this world, I found myself among the Scarsi and conscripted by them into their military."  I paused to see if there was recognition and there was none.  "They are a society of soldiers who harbour no desire for beauty or art and no passion or enjoyment in any pleasure of life.  They worship none save their own nation and seek only to wage war upon you, the Nolufray."
The Venders laughed and the woman in green spoke, "I tell you truly that we know not of these Scarsi.  Our attentions are upon our own cities and upon the stars where we yearn to venture."
This pleased me and I said, "They regard Nolufray as evil and seek to destroy it, though they appear never to have invaded beyond the mist-cloaked rocks on your western shores, beneath the white cliff wall."
The man in yellow said, "We are Nolufray."  I sensed a distinction was being made but I did not understand.  He continued, "We in the towers and in the finest areas of the city are the Nolufray.  The remainder are the 'fray."  I grasped their meaning and inquired as to the name of their nation.  This confused them and they said they traded among the Nolufray of other cities on their continent.  They called their world Tinasus and their cities were named after their geography, thus was this place called Southern Rock.
The woman in blue said, "We have no need for warfare as that does not advance us all.  We concern ourselves with advancement, for with it comes profit."  This confused me, as I had seen many injured among the 'fray, yet I put the thought aside, now believing their injuries were perhaps related to their work and not to combat.  
I decided then to barter for fuel so the Pale Swan and her complement may depart.  "My vessel is without tylium and I cling to a hope that you use this yellow ore for your own vehicles."
"We do," the man in purple answered.  "And we would provide it if you provide us with your wisdom on the stars and travel among them."
Though the Nolufray had seemed in all things to be pleasant and accommodating, I was fearful of providing them with the totality of my knowledge, yet I required their fuel.  I wondered at the state of my crew and hoped that my fortnight's separation from them had not caused them to despair.  I agreed to their terms and they asked what I required.  I said only that I needed paper, ink, and a sampling of their instruments that I might examine them and compare them to those I would use aboard ship.  The Venders became excited again and praised me.  The man in white invited me to slumber in his tower and to use his quarters there for my writings.  I asked that I be allowed to rest after my journey and begin the effort in the morrow, to which they gladly agreed.
After a long sleep on an enormous bed with silks as fine and fair as clouds, I awoke and was provided with a breakfast that nearly rivaled the dinner.  I knew that I could not eat my fill and still labour upon the texts I was to write, so I had a portion and turned my attention to the desk and the many reams of paper and wells of ink I had been provided.  Thankfully, their alphabet was not terribly dissimilar from that of Kobol, so I had few adjustments to make as I wrote.  For hours I wrote on the nature of navigating the stars, seeking them in the sky from the surface of a world and from space itself, on using them to chart a course, on measuring distance between them, and so on.  In the early evening as the sky became orange, I was summoned by the Venders to the central platform where I gave them a briefing on all that I had written.  Again, they were pleased and invited me to a feast.  The food was as extravagant as before and as delicious.  For days, this was the course of things and I was enticed to provide every detail that I could recall from my studies at the Atlarian School.  I was happy to do so for the food was excellent, the company intriguing, and the entertainment lovely.  
At the end of my first week in Southern Rock, I was summoned again and my efforts were scrutinized by both the Venders and their advisors.  They asked many questions and all appeared thrilled at the information I gave them.  They requested then that I continue and that I also now provide information on building a craft for a journey into the stars.  I told them that this was beyond my expertise, yet I was happy to provide what information I could on constructing a hull, the life systems, the light engines, and beyond.  Again, they were pleased and bade me write all that I could.
Ten days later, I found that I could write no more.  I had filled hundreds of pages with my knowledge of astrogation, as well as general knowledge on the construction of suitable vessels.  I notified the Venders and gave them my volumes, after which I retreated to my quarters and had a small meal by their standards.  The following morning after I had dressed, I was summoned to the Venders and I went further up the tower to join them on the central platform.  However, I found that the Vender's entertaining room was crowded with people.  Judging by their dress, these Nolufray were merchants all and they parted, allowing me to walk toward the way to join the Venders at the center between the spires.  Hundreds of merchants lined all of the paths and as I ventured onto the suspended walkway, I saw that all the towers were so filled.  Musicians ringed the center platform and played triumphant music and the Venders stood from their thrones.  They wore their usual colours, yet all wore more jewelry and finery than I had seen before.  When I reached the center, I bowed low and turned in a circle to greet them all as I had learned more than two weeks before.  To my surprise, they bowed to me and then sat.
The white-robed Vender stood and raised his hands.  He cried out, "Chadwick Appleton, you came to our world and our city a stranger, yet you have given unto all more than any among us.  With the knowledge you have committed to paper, the Nolufray shall journey into the stars and advance like none before!"  The merchants cheered and he waited until the sound had diminished.  "In gratitude for all you have done, we shall bestow upon you an honor that is reserved for the Venders themselves upon retirement and we name you 'Lord Chadwick Appleton.'"  I was taken aback and the crowd cheered again.  "If you desire it, you may live among the Nolufray as an honored member without need for effort or taxation until the end of your days."  I thanked them all and said I was humbled by the honor, though I retained my desire to return to my vessel and to Virgo.  They said they would honor our agreement, though they bade me join their feast and celebration in the evening.
The entertainment was jovial and loud and many hundreds of Nolufray crowded the five towers and their rooms.  I joined the Venders to feast at a table brought to the central platform.  The wind whipped at the tablecloths and the edges of our robes.  Our napkins were weighted to the table by large ivory and gold rings and attendants stood behind each of the Venders to hold their hats in place.  As I sat, I was joined by the clothes merchant whom I had met on the street weeks before.  She was dressed more ornately than I recalled and wore jewels around her neck and forehead.  She came to me with a silken red robe embroidered with gold.  I was awed by its beauty, but before I could wear it, she gave me a series of chains with solid golden links and jeweled medallions.  She and her aide put them about my neck and shoulders and they hung according to design across my chest.  Once secured, they guided my arms into the robe and I felt for the first time in my life as though I was royalty.  It was as intoxicating as the finest wine and the evening passed in a marvelous haze.
As it ended and the bulk of the Nolufray departed the towers, I remained with the Venders and spoke with them about the honor they had given me and my writings.  The yellow Vender said, "Lord Chadwick, you have advanced our knowledge of science centuries in the brief time of your visit.  Are you certain that you would depart?  Can we not tempt you to remain and impart to us some other knowledge that you may yet hold?"
I laughed and replied, "You may tempt me, but I fear that the remainder of my knowledge pertains to the Gods.  I see that you have some influence of theirs in your art, but you are not wholly lacking in it."
The blue Vender nodded.  "Zeus and Hera, the Lords of Kobol.  We recall our history and there are many volumes about this."
The conversation then ended and now, in retrospect, I curse myself for having forgotten the words spoken unto me by Lord Apollo Himself, that I should remind mankind of the example of the Gods, and if there are any people whom I encountered in my travels who needed to heed the words of the Gods, it was these damnable Nolufray, though I did not know this at the time.
In the morning after a final meal with the Venders, the elderly, white-robed Vender, who had acted most as my benefactor, walked with me out of the five towers of the Great Commerce and down the long streets of the city.  We turned southeast and came to the harbours of Southern Rock.  Great masted ships were anchored there being loaded and unloaded with many tonnes of goods.  I saw about the docks many of the 'fray, some of whom were missing limbs as I had seen before, who gave unto me and the Vender a wide berth.  
"This vessel is a gift unto you, Lord Chadwick," the Vender said.  "Its holds are filled with food to sustain you on the ocean voyage and with drums of the tylium fuel to replenish your ship."  I thanked him eagerly and bid him farewell.  
The craft was a small one, but more than sufficient for my needs.  I was given a pair of crewmembers to assist me in the voyage and a series of maps that included details about the coast of the Nolufray continent and the locations of their other cities.  Having no need of them, I put them aside and drew up a course to return me to the southern tip of the Scarsi continent where the Pale Swan, I hoped, remained in wait.
We set sail at midday and I navigated us easily about the encircling stones that had trapped untold hundreds of Scarsi ships.  Before the night's fall, the vessel sailed with ease on the open sea and I joined my pair of crew for a meal.  When in my presence, their heads were lowered and they would append "lord" to the beginning and end of any sentence or phrase they spoke to me.  After a time, I found it trying to endure and I bade them halt the honorific.  This confused them but they complied.  When I asked after their names, they were again confused said only that they were of the 'fray.  I asked if they had names among their own people and they said they had, yet the Nolufray would not address them so.  I assured them I would and the man said his name was Sebio and the woman was Aspas.  
The meal had ended after a length of time during which I bade them to break bread with me.  Near the end, they acquiesced and joined me for some of the fare, expressing their delight at the flavors of the fruits and bread.  I realized then that the food that had been stowed was suited for the consumption of a Nolufray lord and a member of the 'fray would therefore be unaccustomed to it.  I begged them forgive me if I had made them uncomfortable.  I said that I was only Nolufray by adoption and had not been born to it.  At this they were stunned.
"I've not known a one to become Nolufray who was not born so," Sebio said.
With hesitation, Aspas inquired, "Were you 'fray beforehand?"  I said I was not and that I had come to their land from far away.  Despite an hour or more of conversation, they were still holding themselves submissive to me, so I thought to endear them to me, I would tell them a version of the tale of my childhood, adulthood, and journey.  After a time, their heads raised and they were intrigued by all that I said.  At the end, they appeared as children amused by a good story and seemed eager for more.  Importantly for my own mind, they were no longer fearful of me or my title.
Sebio and Aspas then spoke to me of their lives and it was suitable for tears and I had only barely withheld mine.  They spoke of their upbringing near the industries and harbour and how they were conscripted into labour at such an early age.  They spoke of how frequently they dealt with hunger and how much of their earnings were taken by taxation.  As they spoke, in the pale light of Tinasus' pair of moons and the small lantern on the table, I saw that Sebio was missing all of his teeth beyond the few at the front despite his age being, I would suppose, thirty.  Aspas appeared to be unscathed, and yet, a short while later, I saw her adjusting straps that encircled her knee.  In seeing this, I was intrigued and asked after it.  She raised the leg of her trousers and shewed me her wooden leg, affixed to the knee by those same straps.  When I asked how she had lost it, she turned to Sebio and they were both bewildered at my ignorance.
"Taxes."
Now it was I who was bewildered.  "Taxes," I said.  "In what sense is your body subject to taxation?"
She answered, "All the people must give to all.  If a person does not have the earnings to advance us, then they must give of themselves."
"Thus have I lost my teeth," Sebio said.  He held then aloft his right hand, shewing me the loss of three digits.  "And my fingers."
I felt at once dizzied and sickened, though I asked him what this meant.  He explained that teeth were used for the finest ivory, while much of the remainder was produced with the polishing and strengthening of bones.  I recalled my wanderings through the city and the many hundreds of people I saw without legs and arms.  I then saw in my mind the image of children who were also without limbs.  When I asked after this, the response rent my mind and quails me to this day.
Aspas tilted her head and spoke softly, saying, "If the family cannot afford the taxes owed and the parents have naught else to give of themselves, they may offer up some part of their children to give to all, for their payment counts as double."
Sebio agreed.  "Theirs is a rare meat."
I quaked and stared at the man.  "'Meat?'  What ever do you mean?"
Again, the pair were confused and Sebio answered, "The taxes taken from the 'fray sustain all, but the meat sustains the Nolufray."
My stomach lurched and I stood at once.  In my decades, I never found myself sickened by the motion of the sea or river, and yet, with what I had heard, I became pale and I sprang to the edge of the starboard side where I vomited my meal into the ocean.  As I did, I recalled the many feasts I enjoyed within the five towers of the Great Commerce and the copious amounts of meat there.  It seemed to be of all kinds, beef and pork, game and fowl, yet how could I be certain with the news I had learned?  Once my stomach was emptied, I returned to the concerned faces of my 'fray crew and begged them to explain further, pleading with them to tell me domesticated animals were kept in farms and that they provided the meat I had eaten.  Sebio and Aspas both spoke kindly but true.  They said there were farms, but the meat of those animals were saved for the lower classes of the Nolufray.  The Venders prized the taxes collected from the 'fray most of all, and it was of that meat I had likely partaken.  
I awoke at some time in the night with Aspas by my side with a lantern.  She said I had fainted and I was carried to my cabin to rest, and she remained there to watch over me.  I thanked her and asked her to please depart.  I gave one order, however: that she and Sebio examine the foodstuffs provided for our journey and toss any meat overboard.  She said it would be done.
For two days, I remained in my cabin and ate only thin slices of bread and drank only water.  I prayed and prayed for forgiveness from the Gods, though I had been ignorant of what I had done.  I dwelled on my actions and thought of the evils I had committed, enjoying not only the foods provided by these poor folk, but their bone ivory and, I supposed, that supple leather of their own people's hides.  I cursed myself for my complacency and my willingness to partake in the splendour of the Venders' lives.  Blinded, I had been, and I failed to recognize the evils of their society and the station of the 'fray.  Thus did I fail to follow the example of the Gods and I am certain I have disappointed Lord Apollo.  Throughout the hours of prayer and reflection, Sebio and Aspas looked in on me frequently and I thanked them for their patience and assistance, but they still did not seem to understand why I had taken ill.
On the fourth day of our journey, I emerged in the evening and joined with them as they ate.  I took a yellow fruit and cut it with my knife to eat.  They asked after me and I said I was feeling well, though I remained in horror at what transpired.  
"I do not understand," Sebio said.  "Is this not the way in your home?"
"It is not.  What the Nolufray have done to the 'fray is an evil and it must be answered.  If it will not be answered here on this world, then the Lords of Kobol shall make them answer for it in the next."  They were both surprised by my anger and began to reconsider the way of their lives.  Aspas asked how our society might advance if "all did not contribute to all."  I answered, "The advancements will come without a need to consume a portion of its population."
We sailed on for another week and both Sebio and Aspas asked frequent questions about life on Virgo and I fear I may have sown some seeds of insurrection in their minds.  While I considered what that may mean for them and their families, an idea struck me and I set about its planning.  I consulted the maps and measured our position before I committed to it.  
Three days before we were to reach the landing spot of the Pale Swan, I drafted a letter and gave it to Sebio and Aspas.  I instructed them clearly on how to approach the craft and that they should give it to the crew there.  The letter read: "Crew of the Pale Swan.  I humbly beg forgiveness for my delays in returning to you, but I found myself in a series of untenable positions without the possibility of retreat.  The pair before you are Sebio and Aspas, and they are good, kind folk.  Aboard the sailing vessel you will find drums of tylium fuel.  Please replenish the tanks of our vessel and allow me a single week more before I return to you.  There is a task I must complete for the sake of Sebio, Aspas, and all their people.  If I have not returned one week after the arrival of this letter, please depart for home and go with my blessing."
The following day, I said my farewells to my crew.  I asked them, "Will you return to Southern Rock?  Will you not venture elsewhere and start life anew?"  They told me they had families who remained in the city and they could not bear to part with them forever.  I then gave them the gold and jeweled chains from my clothing that I had been given when I was named a lord of that foul nation and they fell to their knees before me in thanks.  I begged them rise and prayed that they would lead long, enjoyable lives thereafter.  I gathered then a collection of items and departed our craft in a small barke boat and hoisted its single, simple sail.  With the aid of an oar, I sailed to the northwest and the morning after, I saw the Scarsi continent on the horizon where I aimed for its harbour.  The barke was soon spotted and a distant cannon shot drew my attention to a post along the peninsula.  I raised a coloured shirt and began to signal after the fashion of the Scarsi and was soon approached by a small patrol craft.  I was held in place by the pointing of many rifles and I introduced myself: "I am Plotter Chadwick Appleton and I have returned from Nolufray with news of the assault and information for the destruction of that nation."
The serjeant among them seemed pleased and I was welcomed aboard.  Shortly after, I was taken to the familiar buildings along the seaboard where I was greeted by an officer of some sort who wore a gray uniform with silver markings and a blue colored patch on each sleeve.  I told him what I told the patrol crew and added that I requested an audience with a master plotter and any number of generals who could be spared.  I assured him that the information I brought would see an end to the war with Scarsi the victor.
I met in a large chamber with two master plotters, including the one who had instructed me more than a month prior.  Several other men and women entered and they all wore white uniforms with a rainbow of colours upon their sleeves and many dozens of gold and silver chains and medals on their chests.  I rose to speak and the officers looked upon me incredulously for I had apparently breached some protocol.
"Forgive me, all, but I am not of your people.  I am from far away, and in my hour of need, I was instead conscripted into the military of Scarsi to wage a war that is not of my own.  I have been to Nolufray and lived among them for nearly a month.  In that time spent with the merchants and the supposed high-minded leaders, I found them pleasant, but I became aware of the great evil that lurked beneath and I fully support Scarsi's efforts against them.  Within my mind and my satchel are the means for you to finally defeat them.  In return, I ask only that I be allowed to depart the service and return to my home."
Most were shocked by such a request and the generals spoke quietly among themselves.  A woman answered first, saying, "If the information you provide is worthy, then we will agree."
"Firstly, I would ask," a man said, "what became of your invasion force and all the forces before?"
"All the ships of my fleet were wrecked upon rocks shrouded in mist that guard the western approach to their continent.  I saw evidence of many other and older vessels so wrecked and I saw no evidence that the soldiers of Scarsi had ever made any meaningful assault on the Nolufray."  I withheld my words for I did not wish to anger them.  I might have said that their sailers and soldiers were mindless, adhering to orders despite the evidence of the world before their eyes, and this is why they had failed so utterly for so long.
I removed from my satchel first the maps made by the Nolufray themselves of their coasts and of their continent.  I had left only a pair of maps aboard the vessel for Sebio and Aspas to use in their journey for they would not require these.  "This map shows the coasts to the south and north of the rocks that have slain so many.  This is the map of the harbour of Southern Rock, their southernmost city.  This map is of the interior of their lands, showing the paths of rivers and lakes and the locations of their largest cities."  I gave these to the master plotters who looked on them with amazement.  "I trust with this information the plotters of the fleet can navigate around the obstacles on the coast and finally make landfall with the soldiers they ferry."
The master plotters conferred and looked to the generals.  "These will."
Now eager, one of the generals asked of me, "What of their military?"
I answered, "I saw none.  The rocks that gird much of the western coast and the high cliff wall of the southwestern coast have so shielded the Nolufray that they do not know of other nations.  Save for their geography, they are defenseless."  Again, the officers were all pleased.  "Have a care," I warned, "there are two elements to their society and I would beg you spare one.  There are the 'fray.  They are a poor, downtrodden folk who are forced into labor for their industries and who have been victimized by the merchants and leaders of their nation.  They are hungry and beggars, by and large.  There would be no honor in their deaths.  However, the Nolufray are the merchants who live in tall marble homes and lord their wealth above all in the name of their own advancement.  They are the evil ones and they should be your targets."
"Might the 'fray join us in an assault on their masters?" one asked.
In order to give some hope to the survival of those poor souls, I remained optimistic and spoke the same.  "Perhaps they could be so motivated.  It may prove difficult, but it would be beneficial."
A general said to me, "Now, plotter, you will tell us all that transpired upon your arrival, and spare no detail for we shall need it to better understand our enemy."
I began to speak and I withheld my own collaboration with the Nolufray, saying instead that I was attempting to infiltrate them and gather information.  This pleased them and I did not mind feeding these people a falsehood for I found the Scarsi to be an evil nation in its own manner, yet I knew the Nolufray to be far worse and deserving of removal from existence.
I spoke for some hours until the evening when I was compelled to again rise at the sounding of the horns and the repeating of the Oath.  Afterward, food was brought into the room and I expected to be served the familiar porridge, yet I was stunned to find that there were vegetables and fish.  I was wary of the fish given my most recent experience with meat, but because its head was still attached, I felt no such fear as to its provenance.  The taste of these things was bland compared to what I experienced with the Nolufray, but as I ate, I watched the generals and other officers and felt disgusted at the pretense the leaders of this nation maintained while the soldiers suffered such a passionless life.
After more hours of speech, I was brought a cot and allowed to stay in the conference room.  For the next three days, I described every aspect of life in Southern Rock, the geography of the city not seen on the maps, descriptions of the buildings, and beyond.  When possible, I spoke well of the 'fray and the many sufferings they had endured in hopes of sparing them from the point of any blade or bullet.  At the end of all my information, the generals rose and saluted me.  I did the same, placing my palms on either breast, and I said, "I wish you good fortune against the Nolufray.  The Nation endures."  I knew the Scarsi had the might to destroy their vile foe, and that they must be destroyed before they attempt to venture into space.
I departed Southland from the same gate I had entered nearly two months before and I went into the hills and then the thick forest.  I found the cave in which I had rested and I continued on, excited to see the Pale Swan and her crew again.  I rested against a tree at night and swatted away creatures of the forest.  I found that I could not sleep, so I began again and walked south.  Before midday, I found the coast and looked in either direction.  A kilometer distant, I saw the vessel as I had left it so many weeks before.  Despite my thirst and fatigue, I broke into a run and was soon greeted by Mirth Goody and the others.  Sebio and Aspas had departed three days before and aided in the filling of the Pale Swan's tanks.  
I saw that there was a person missing and asked after him.  The Engineer Wybert told me that a pair ventured into the forest two weeks after my departure in search of my whereabouts.  They became separated when one was captured by the people of a nearby city and I knew then that this had to be the Scarsi.  Wybert herself said she was the companion who avoided their patrols and kept watch on the city for a time and she believed she saw Engineer Edison being hanged by the neck in a city square.  She waited in the forest for some time in case her eyes had deceived her, but Edison did not return.  I comforted her and said there was naught else to be done.  I told a small portion of my adventure relating to the Scarsi and that they were an intractable lot.  The crew begged me to tell them other tales of my journey, but I found that I could not, for I still felt a great shame at what transpired.  
I rested for a time and then helped them in their preparations in the evening.  By suns' rise the following day, the ship finally rose from the pink shore and lifted into the heavens, where we found Atlas' current and continued our journey home.
I returned to my cabin and sought refuge in the familiarity of my surroundings and the few belongings I had brought with me aboard ship.  In my solitude and with reminders of home, I felt as a foreigner, unfamiliar with where I was, though I was likely more unfamiliar with whom I had become.  I wrote and wrote to free myself of the burden these events had laid upon me and now, at the end of their writing, I can state that I feel none the lighter.
PART III – A VOYAGE TO ATOKO
The author crashes upon the world of Atoko.  He finds a destroyed civilization broken in twain, with one portion and its people in chaos, and the other portion in madness.

A day after our departure from Tinasus, the ship began to shudder and the electrical systems failed.  We remained within the current and the Pale Swan continued along its path, yet we would not have the power to emerge from it nor to combat any obstacle we encountered.  The engineers found that the fuel we obtained from Scarsi was not as pure as our engines required, and thus did they cease to function.  I was advised that the fuel could be cleansed, but we would have to settle upon the next world we encountered to do so.  With the emergency reserve of fuel still untapped and uncontaminated, I ordered us to remain adrift in the current until Astrogator Goody or someone else spotted a place suitable for such an operation.  Five days hence, a world was seen and the engines were reengaged.  With our engines not directed against the flow of the current, we proved successful in our escape from it.  We then descended toward the sapphire ocean world and its few verdant islands.  Using the trees as a guide, we moved to settle in a clearing, but Goody believed something was amiss.  I sensed it as well and yet our potable fuel was dwindling to its end, so I ordered the engines be halted and that gravity shall see to the rest.  This proved to be our folly.
The trees we spied on either side seemed for all the worlds to be of the sort we might find in a forest, save for the odd shape of their leaves or the presence of brightly coloured bundles of tree flowers within them.  Yet their height was nearly thrice that of any tree on Gemini and my sense of scale as we landed was deceived.  The Pale Swan fell nearly fifty meters to the hard, rocky ground below and all of us were shaken and knocked about.  Many were sent into blackness, including myself, for my head struck the door of the command cabin.  When I awoke, I heard strange noises about the craft and Engineer Goody awakened me with frightened whispers.  "There are pirates aboard."
"Pirates?  Surely not."  I gathered myself and looked about the cabin.  Seeing nothing unusual, I turned toward the corridor beyond the broken door and there beheld a man of exceeding height and wearing naught but an animal skin and many layers of dirt.  He held in his hand a wooden club studded with the bones of small creatures to act as points and he wore bone necklaces about his neck.  
I was frightened yet I turned toward Goody and exhorted her to remain vigilant.  I searched the cabin as quietly as I might for some weapon and found only the fire suppression spray.  When the door was pulled open and the beastly figure crouched in the way, I raised the hose and pumped the device.  I doused him with the chemical water and he retreated several steps into the corridor before licking his lips and wiping his eyes.  He was angered, stormed the cabin, and swept my only weapon aside.  He spoke no word and we pleaded for mercy.  He answered us not and pulled both of us from the deck and threw us into the corridor where we faced some others of our party and some others of theirs.
We were then pulled from the side of the Pale Swan and saw that our unexpected descent had rent open the boarding hatch on the starboard side, allowing these savages entry.  We also saw that the sole remaining hold which contained the total of our foodstuffs was likewise compromised.
Myself and the crew of the Pale Swan were dragged through the forest roughly and brought to an open area.  At the first, I saw only vines and the growth of grass and trees, but I stared further and saw that the greenery of this island grew upon the ruins of some dead city.  There were buildings of wood and brick, marble and stone.  Age had settled upon them and cracked the glass of their windows and rotted the wood of some walls and supports.  A few structures had toppled in the years and I believed I spied the black evidence of some long-dead fire along the doors and windows of one otherwise august structure.  This I deemed was the city square and we now found ourselves laid prone upon the dirt and grass-covered cobblestone roadways.  I rotated my head and spied a concrete structure at the center of the square.  I kept my eyes upon it for I saw that a fire burned there and we were soon raised up and dragged forward again.  The concrete structure I believed to have once been a fountain and it now bore its opposite.  A pedestal rose from the center of the flame, scorched by unknown years, and the feet and a portion of lower legs of some now-unknown figure sat atop it.
I expected at any moment to hear the primitive exhortations from some chief or elder, but none came.  I heard the grunted bickering of several of these tall persons but there were no words to understand.  I looked about and spied only a portion of our company.  I whispered toward Wybert, who was bound beside me, "Where is Guildsman Lester?"  He was the payload master of our cargo and conscripted into service as an engineer since our troubles began.  
She looked about surreptitiously and said only, "I do not know.  Perhaps he remains unconscious aboard."
A long wooden rack was brought forth and we prisoners were raised up and bound to it with our hands above our heads.  I stared at the fire and saw there several posts where meat may be cooked.  The thought came to me that these savages were man-eaters, and while I did not welcome it, I felt a sense of justice and contentment settle over me should this become my end.  It was a brief moment, for then I feared for my crew.  I called out to our captors in hope that one among them might still have a tongue, yet none answered.
The crowd in the square became larger and louder.  From our place, I might have counted some two hundred savages.  Save for the few children I saw, they were all no less than two meters tall and I might swear that some neared three.  Those who wore anything wore animal skins or waxy, bound-together leaves of their absurdly tall trees.  They were all filthy and frightening in countenance.  We watched some of the larger men and women scuffle with one another in their wordless arguments and there came a commotion from the trees.  Many of them turned and ran from the square into the forest and some of the people came forth holding crates of food and supplies aloft.  All of us knew whence the food had came thanks to the signage visible upon the containers.  The boxes were torn open in the streets and fruit, cheese, and more pulled from them.  Their teeth tore into the food ravenously and spilled seeds and juices down their faces and bodies.  "These animal folk are starved," I heard Mirth Goody to say.  All the crew saw it and in that moment we harboured no ill will toward them for their actions thus far.  
We remained affixed to their rack for some time and the sun began to set.  The city was crowded with several hundred savages and they were all occupied with the spoils from our cargo.  The relative quiet of their eating and then their restful digestion after was broken on several occasions by arguments and fights among them over who might claim a shining tin of unknown food or some clothing they found among our personal effects.  I wondered at the state of mine own cabin at this point yet I found some time later that it had not been breached.  
The sun was gone and the stars above this planet were bright and beautiful.  The only light on the surface came from the old fountain and the fires within it, stoked occasionally by a woman with a metal rod who brought wood.  As she now threw paper and wood from the crates we had carried into the flames, I heard a new commotion in the trees and the stirring of these people from their slumber.
A man with a torch in one hand emerged into the open.  In the other, he bore a long rifle which he waved about in front of himself.  I recognized him at once as Guildsman Lester and he soon cried out, "Come to me, Pale Swan!"  We replied eagerly that we could not, so he continued his frantic walk toward us.  
As he drew near, one of the larger savages stood and blocked his path.  This was the man who had taken us from the ship for I recognized his heap of animal skins and his bone-studded club on which he rested his hand.  Lester continued his approach and the savage hefted the club high above his head and made ready to strike.  The guildsman fired his rifle and its report echoed throughout the old city square.  The savage stumbled back and gazed at his own blood and wound in bewilderment before his three-meter frame toppled to the street.  Seeing one of the strongest among them laid low, the hundreds of them cowered and screamed.  When Lester raised it again and aimed it toward them, the people scrambled to their feet and ran into the remnants of the city afeared, though they knew not that the weapon required reloading.
"A pleasure to see you well, Mister Lester," I said to him.  The man was shaken and said nothing as he used a knife to set me free of my binds.  Once so, I took the blade from him and freed the rest as he monitored the city.  Ableman Wade took the rifle from Lester, for she had served in Her Majesty's Army and was best acquainted with its use.  The group of us then marched together out of the old city and through the forest to the clearing where the Pale Swan sat.  Once inside, I dispatched a series of orders, seeing to it that the craft was made as secure as possible for the night.  Weapons were brought from their lockers and made ready and all hands had them by their sides.  "Two shall stand guard until the sun's rise and at all times thereafter.  At first light, begin the cleansing of our fuel.  Once this is finished, we will repair our vessel."
I and Wade took the first watch and sat on either side of the breached hatch with rifles.  I had no desire to use them again and I told Wade to consider a single shot in the air to warn them aside should some force seek to assail us.  When morning came, we were relieved by Goody and Lester whilst Engineers Wybert and Bently began the fuel's purification.  I examined the hatch and cargo hold as best as I could and found that the hatch would be able to be repaired while that hold would not.  I recommended this to the engineers and Wybert confirmed, adding that we could close off the remainder of the cargo section and jettison the final hold as we lifted off.  
The hold was entirely emptied of its foodstuffs and all other things besides.  There was little food remaining in the ship for the savages had also rampaged through our vessel, and we knew not how long our journey back to Virgo would endure.  There was some food in the galleys of the Pale Swan and I asked Lester to please take stock of it all after his rest period.  I myself found it difficult to sleep as I had in the few days since I discovered the truth of the Nolufray.  In the end, I would lie in my cot and wait for simple exhaustion to claim me.
The following day, the fuel had been cleansed and returned to its tanks.  The hatch was in the process of being repaired and all seemed well before the return of Guildsman Lester to our group.  We gathered at the starboard hatch where the engineers worked to repair it and the guards maintained a watch on the trees whilst Lester told us we had but eight days of food remaining.  I asked him to halve all portions and reduce meals to twice per day and he stated that he already had.
I looked into the trees and my heart sank for I knew what must be done.  "I shall venture into the city and seek food."
Wybert and Goody faced me sternly and said, "This is madness.  If food existed in that place, then those savages would have long since eaten it."  I sensed the truth in this and I suggested we fly to a different island and hope to have a better experience.  The crew agreed.
In the night, I was roused from my writing by an agitated Bently.  He said I must return to the hatch for we had a visitor.  I descended toward the egress and found there my crew with their rifles drawn.  I ordered them to be lowered and I stepped to the edge of the deck and looked upon the mound of dirt collected below.  There sat a man as caked with filth and clad in skins as any among the savages.  Lights were shined upon him and his hair appeared thin and silver and his skin wrinkled, though it all may have been a trick of the muck.  He bore no weapon and his limbs were thin and gaunt.  Feeling compassion, I bade Lester go to the galley and fetch a piece of fruit for him.  Some among the crew protested and I said it would count against my share of the rations.  The guildsman complied and I departed the ship and stood on the mound before the visitor.  I held the pear toward him and he smiled.  In the lights, I saw his eyes glisten and he bowed as he reached for it.  I pressed it into his palm and waited patiently by as he ate half of it with great speed.  After he appeared satisfied, he leaned back and a belch erupted from him.  He laughed and then said something.
Surprised to hear any of these people speak, I knelt before him and bade him speak further.  He did not understand, but he said more words.  After a fashion, I recognized the root of Olympian in his tongue, and I tried to speak with him.  It took some time, but we found a commonality and with laughs and joined hands, we finally understood each other.
"What is your name?" I asked him.
"Me Bonu."
"Have you any family?"  This simple phrase took some time.
"Me had mother and father, but they die long ago."
I write in this manner to convey that his speech was as a child, for he seems to have been orphaned at a young age by the calamity that struck his people.
"Who are you people?"
"We Toka."
"And what happened here in the past?"
His face tightened and he looked away in pain for the memories yet haunt him.  "Toka had king and king was bad.  Very bad.  Toka tell the king 'no' and king fight back.  All Toka and all king people die.  We Toka are all here."  
After so long engaged in speech with me, Bonu grew hungry again and he finished the pear.  As he did, I asked him, "Is there more food?"
Bonu laughed and pointed at me.  "No food here.  We find in forest.  We take from trees and we eat animals that come.  That is all."  I was ready to leave him be when he said, "Queen have food."  
I expressed surprise.  "There is still a queen?"
"She across bridge.  Toka no go there."
I looked to the crew who were near enough to hear all that was said and what I relayed to them.  I then asked of Bonu, "Will you take me to the queen so I might ask for food?"
"Queen is bad.  Very bad."
"I would like to try."  When I saw that Bonu remained reluctant, I said, "I will feed you again."  
The old man then grew eager.  "I know way.  We stay near water and go."  He immediately turned and began to depart, so I took him by his arm and explained that I must gather items first, and so I did.  
Goody and I drafted a map of the islands relying upon the memory of our descent.  I showed it to Bonu and he knew not what to make of it until I marked our position upon it.  When I asked him in which direction we must walk, he pointed the way and I consulted our map.  Seeing a small island to the southeast of our location, I took that to be our destination and returned the page to Goody.  I knew the crew would be at work for a few days more as they finalised the repairs to the hatch and secured the cargo sections, so I bade her to come to my aid if I had not returned within a week.  My satchel was sufficiently stocked and my rifle was prepared and its ammunition at the ready.  Bonu and I departed at once and walked in silence for some time, fearing our proximity to the ruined city and its savages.
Once the sun had risen, we emerged from the forest and walked along the beach.  I asked Bonu if his people fish these waters and he said that a large creature lives in the sea and regularly takes the limbs of any who venture too far.  I looked at the lovely ocean and wondered about this monster while Bonu spoke about the food he was most adept at locating.
"Me stay in dark corners and be quiet.  Rats come and look for food, but Bonu is fast."  Sickened, I bade him tell me more about the society that had fallen.  "Me not know.  Me know mother and father, and me know king because old ones told me about king."
I grew hopeful.  "Old ones?  Are there other older people who remember the old city and the king?"  
He kicked at the sand while he walked and listened to the grains fall pleasantly against the face of a rock.  "They die long ago.  Me last old one."  I asked if he was the only one who spoke and he said he believed so.  When I asked him why he had not taught language to the others, he appeared confused as if the thought had never occurred to him.
Near the evening, we came upon a series of buildings on the beach overgrown with trees and vines from the near forest.  The ground beneath them had been eroded by decades of the ocean's waves and one stood precariously upon a precipice.  Bonu came to halt some fifty meters before we reached the buildings and crouched behind the trunk of a fallen tree.  He squinted and stared into the old city and I asked him if savages lived there as well.  He said that they had before when he first ventured in this direction, but they were not present when he last did a few years prior.  After a few moments, we slowly walked toward the dilapidated structures and I raised my rifle and placed my finger nearer to the trigger.
We wandered about into old businesses that had long since been ransacked and into homes that were partially destroyed by fire.  Marble columns and blocks of stone were dislodged from the face of one building and seemingly cracked and scorched by some explosion.  We then entered one of the least disturbed structures and found there a horrible sight.  Bonu had entered first and he stopped on a sudden.  I ventured around the corner and saw in the vestibule of this place a gathering of skeletons draped with animal skins and the thinnest layer of dusty flesh upon them.  It had been some time since their passing, but I uttered a prayer for them, nonetheless.
I asked Bonu what this place was and he did not know.  We explored beyond the grisly scene and found room after room filled with tables and chairs of varying sizes.  Cracked and yellowed papers were hung upon the walls along with portraits and a flag.  In seeing the smaller chairs in one room, I realized that this was a school and I searched immediately for texts.  I found one in a cupboard and in seeing the large figures of the Toka alphabet, I was happy for I might then be able to study some works to determine what had taken place here beyond a simple revolution.
We ate a small portion of my food supplies and rested in the classroom, but we were awakened in the night by a storm that rained upon the school's roof and the water that fell into our simple bed pallets.  We wandered the halls anew and found a large room without a leak in its ceiling.  To my pleasure, I discovered that this appeared to be a library.  Many of its shelves had been emptied, but some books remained.  I found it difficult to translate the words on many of the books due to the typography employed, and I sought other written materials.  Behind a desk, I located a stack of brittle and yellowed pages.  They each bore holes in their corners as if they had been posted on some wall. The print on these was bold and plain so I set about to translate them.  Quickly I realized that these pages were a kind of newsbill, a daily posting of events and happenings.  The sun had risen when I finished the first portion and it read as follows:
"CHAOS LESSENS ON PALOTIA.  The withdrawal of King Runipe's forces from our island is complete and the leaders of the insurrection have rejoiced.  Dosira Anasth Turo spoke unto a crowd this morning, saying, 'This is the day we have long desired.  Palotia is out of the king's yoke.'  When she was asked what was next for our people, Dosira answered, 'I do not know, nor do I care.  This is pure freedom.  Freedom from tyranny.  I, for my part, will live my life as I see fit and we may all do the same in our own ways.'  The crowd rejoiced again and dispersed once news was read of the similar insurrections on Bresup, Leejan, and Suman.  Despite the declaration of victory, evidence of the recent eruptions of violence mark our cities still and disruptions remain to the supply of food and other goods.  There have been no announcements regarding the resumption of such trade with Bresup or the beginning of agriculture upon on our lands."
I yawned for the state of my rest and then I felt pity for these people and this world.  This was a nation torn asunder by rebellion and the remainder were cursed to live a lawless existence for those who rebelled had naught with which to replace what was rotten before.  How long must have been their struggle after they were freed of the king?  For how many years did they endeavor to sustain themselves and fail, utterly, leaving a future of savagery for their children?  I found on the wall behind me a framed map coated with a layer of dust.  Once blown free of it, I saw the large island of Palotia in the north and the small King's Island to the southeast.  Bresup was to Palotia's west while the others were on the opposite side of the King's Island, though I suppose that would be Queen's Island today.  As this was a map for a school, I was pleased to find that it contained a legend of the various points of interest on each land mass, as well as a list of the products each island produced for the nation.  Palotia, it seems, was prized for its mines and its lumber, which is not surprising given the enormous flora.  Bresup was an agriculturally centered island, and so forth.  I wondered then if we should return to the Pale Swan and simply set off for that place, but I realized that the other islands may have fallen into such savagery as well and thus I decided against it.  
I slept at the desk for a time until I was awakened by Bonu, who beamed with satisfaction that he had ensnared two rats.  He offered one to me and I thanked him but bade him enjoy the meat himself.  He bowed to me in thanks and ran off to eat, and I grew sickened anew.  That they were rats was sufficient to bring any Virgan ill, but given my recent episodes involving meat, I was doubly stricken and could not bring myself to eat the simple bread or fruit I had packed.  As he ate, I attempted to read other books and papers I found and I discovered that the name of this planet was Atoko.  I considered the name "Toka" and wondered if that was the proper word for its inhabitants, or if it had simply been corrupted over time.
The morning was still fresh when we departed the school and we set off through the city toward the beach again.  Skirting the forest and the shore, I weighed whether I might tell Bonu of what I had learned.  I then decided there was little point to it, as he would likely have no grasp of the concepts needed to comprehend it all.  If he were very little when he was orphaned, then his learning came to an end at that point as it seemed all of society collapsed about him, and his manner of speech bears this out.
The day was lovely and uneventful as we moved south.  We rested in a shelter quickly crafted with wide leaves and branches beneath one of the gigantic fallen trees.  In the morning, I was awakened again with the return of Bonu and a fresh bounty of food.  Seeing him in that same stance with eagerness upon his face, I quailed at the thought of another pair of rats, and yet I was entirely wrong, for he instead cradled several large and colourful fruits he had found in the forest.  I was exceedingly pleased and thanked him for this meant I might preserve a day or two's worth of my rations.  I found that one of the round orange fruits filled me and gave me great energy.  Its flesh was full of juice and pleasantly fulsome and sweet, reminding me most of an apricot but without its tartness.  Bonu ate one as well and motioned to put the remaining fruit in my satchel so I allowed him.  
We walked for many kilometers and in the early afternoon, Bonu came to a stop beside me.  He appeared fearful and moved to the other side of me, nearly cowering in my shadow.  I looked into the forest and spotted nothing amiss, yet I believed I heard movement.  I asked Bonu if he heard it as well, and he said he did.  We walked then out of the edge of the forest and into the warm, blinding sunlight on the beach.  With open space before me, any Toka who might set upon us would come from only the one direction.  We continued to walk and after some minutes, I beheld the sight of the first savage Toka we had seen in days.  
They were as tall as those who captured us upon our landing and their manner of dress, such as it was, appeared the same.  They carried rods and spears as weapons, as well as lengths of rope and satchels containing what I could not guess.  Bonu was afeared and remained behind me whilst I raised the rifle, drew back its hammer, and placed its stock against my shoulder.  I drew my sights upon the tallest and most brutal-looking of the group.  They clapped their hands together with some smashing their weapons against the trees or smacking their palms against their breasts.  This means of intimidation worked on my elderly companion but I maintained my posture and waited for them to come nearer.  The beastly man whom I targeted erupted with a roar and began to run at us into the open.  I squeezed my trigger and the bullet struck him on the right side of his chest, for I had aimed there to avoid a fatal strike at his heart.  Still, the report of the weapon's fire gave all the Toka pause and seeing their leader felled filled them with terror.  The leader writhed in the sand and two of the filthy Toka pulled him into the shade of the trees.  A large woman who wore a necklace of bones stared at me and my weapon.  The remainder of her people withdrew and she stood guard while Bonu and myself continued south away from them.  As we did, I reloaded the rifle and made it ready to fire again.
About an hour later, we both eased our watch of the woods and we did relax somewhat for we no longer sensed their watchful eyes upon us.  Bonu asked me the name of the weapon I used and I told him.  He said he was afraid of it and it reminded him of many dreams he had as a child.
"Do you still dream these dreams?" I asked.
He was thoughtful and looked toward the sea, "Some sleeps.  Me will tonight, methinks."  I could only imagine the horrors he witnessed so young as mobs roiled in the streets of his city during their insurrection and then in the weeks or months afterward as the people of Palotia struggled to survive.  We walked well beyond the fall of night so as to put more distance between ourselves and the Toka we confronted earlier in the day.  We chose a wrecked ship's hull for our cabin and we each ate another of the large fruits before we bedded down.
Our walk in the following morning moved swiftly for Bonu told me that the bridge was near.  At midday, we came upon the boundaries of another ruined city and the cracked walls of some outer defense.  Thankfully for our travels, it, too, had been eroded by decades of the ocean's waves and we walked around the barrier and finally beheld the structure that joined Palotia to Queen's Island.
To announce that this was a bridge would be a generous statement.  Certainly, the large stone and cement pillars that rose from the sea had been erected in some distant past when relations between the lands were more amenable, but in the intervening years, whether by intent or disuse, the actual bridge portion of the bridge had collapsed.  There remained only the pillars to dot the sea for several kilometers offshore and a few apparent planks or beams that ran atop them in a jagged fashion for its entire length.
Seeing the destination before us, Bonu smiled and hurried along though I was less enthused.  I have for many years been fearful of heights and these pillars with its ramshackle path atop them rose some twenty meters above the waves.  I attempted to quell my fears and I followed him quickly up the paths of the old city and the hill that climbed to greet the northern side of the bridge.
In the ruins behind us, we heard a whoop from the darkness within fallen structures.  We both halted at the first beam that led from Palotia to the first pillar some thirty or so meters distant.  The warrior woman who led the Toka the day before strode into the streets and raised her hands.  More than a dozen of her people rushed to her side and they were each as savage and armed as they had appeared the day before, though some I saw wore more layers of skins and even bore horns atop their heads.  My heart beat within my chest and I raised my rifle up as Bonu shook behind me.  She then extended her arms toward us and the men and women in her charge screamed and lurched through the city after us.  I took aim on the man at the front of the coming attack and fired.  The bullet struck his arm and he stopped to clutch it, but the remainder did not halt their pursuit.  Seeing this, Bonu and I leapt without reservation upon the beams and ran as quickly as our balances would allow to the stone platform of the first pillar.
I find myself perspiring now as I write this account for I recall looking down into the sea as we moved over the beam.  The distance was sufficiently dizzying, but so afeared were we by our pursuers that I gave it no thought in the moment.  The beams themselves were, perhaps, half-a-meter wide and thus barely wide enough for a good run.  Thankfully, the trees of the Palotian forest were of sufficient density and stock that they did not bend or break under foot, nor had they rotted in the time since they were first laid.
We crossed then from the first pillar to the second and when we reached the second stone platform, I looked back to see the apprehension of the Toka which was only abated when the woman warrior herself walked to the edge of the road and urged them forward.  They crossed the beam with a howl and arrived at the first pillar while I reloaded my rifle.  Bonu ran over the next beam to the third and I followed.  On this passage, I nearly stumbled and lost my footing and I knelt on the wood for a moment to regain my breath and steady my heart.  I faced the oncoming Toka and saw that they were now at the second pillar, so I aimed and fired again, striking a woman in her abdomen.  She fell to her knees and then tumbled off the pillar into the sea.  The Toka stared after her whilst I rose up and ran to the third pillar and began my charge to the fourth.  I prepared my rifle again and I wondered how we might continue this chase for the kilometers that remained ahead.  I pondered the beams themselves and thought if we might dislodge one after we had crossed it, the pursuit would be at an end, though we would ourselves be stranded on Queen's Island.  After the rifle was readied and we crossed to the fifth pillar, I knelt low and tried to grapple with the wood, but I found its weight far too substantial for it did not quiver in the slightest at my exertions.  
We carried on in this manner for some time with Bonu and myself maintaining a lead beyond them of about one and one-half pillars, punctuated on occasion with a puny volley from my rifle.  I felled another of their party, though she was caught before she fell into the ocean, and on the next firing I missed the party entirely.  Amid beam at one point, I reached for my satchel and wondered at its weight before I recalled the presence of the large, juice-filled fruits within.  In a moment of inspiration for myself but horror for Bonu, I withdrew three of them and smashed them upon the face of the beam.  I dragged their rinds all about the wood and left the debris and seeds where they lay in hopes that the surface would prevent their safe passage.
I wanted to explain to Bonu why I had done this, but I was too exhausted and still fearful that my tactic would not have the desired effect.  As we crossed the next beam, I heard a cry and turned to see one of the men slip from the beam and fall into the water below.  Thereafter, the Toka moved slowly and I saw the feet of more than a few slide out from under them as they walked the beam, with two falling to its surface and clinging for dear life, delaying their passage all the more.
We continued our journey over the beams and increased the distance between us and our pursuers over the next hour.  We slowed our pace somewhat and then had to hope that the Queen's Island had some guard that may aid us upon our arrival.  I looked toward the horizon beyond the pillars and wondered at the small land that laid there.  It was covered with trees and I spied the rise of a tower above their tops which may have belonged to a castle.  I grew more hopeful and continued on.
In the sky to our right, we saw the setting of the sun and its beauty stretched across the many colours of the sky.  Those behind us did not admire the sight for they regained their footing after the fruit-smeared beam and ran faster than Bonu and myself could manage.  Queen's Island loomed ahead and I saw the road that ran from it and greeted the end of the bridge.  I beheld no towers or parapets on that side, nor were there armored soldiers of the queen's guard there in wait.  Bonu and I crossed the beam and now stood on the last pillar and looked at the rampaging Toka who drew within one pillar of reaching us.  I moved toward the beam to finally cross onto the island, but Bonu took my arm and looked at the road on the other side.  "Queen land."
I said that I knew and began to walk on the beam.  Bonu hesitated, but at hearing another howl of anger from the pursuing Toka, he leapt onto it and joined behind me in the final crossing.  After a long minute, I reached the cobblestone pavement of the island and turned to face our pursuers.  I had loaded the rifle again and I raised it up to fire, but I saw that the Toka savages remained atop the final pillar.  They looked at us warily and then into the buildings and trees that surrounded us.  Curious about their apprehension, I turned as well and saw a host of structures with walls claimed by vines, but none were as dilapidated as the buildings we left behind in Palotia.  Bonu squeaked in fear and quivered behind me.  I then heard the growling of large dogs.  
Four tall, sleek, black and brown animals approached and stood before me.  They each sniffed the air about me with bared teeth.  After a moment, they shielded their fangs yet still they growled.  They moved behind me to sniff at Bonu who continued to quake.  I looked around me and toward the near buildings for some sign of their masters, yet I saw none.  I called out, "We are visitors to this island!  We intend no harm to the queen!  We seek only her aid!"
One of the two dogs which remained before me licked his mouth and turned.  The growling ceased around me, though two stood next to Bonu and watched him closely.  The two dogs before me began to walk and the pair by my sides nudged me and I began to follow.  I looked behind us toward the bridge and saw the Toka atop the pillar turn and walk back along the beams.  I wondered at their fear of this place and my stomach tensed as I considered the possibilities.  For several minutes, we walked through the abandoned defensive structures near the old bridge and then into a small town cloaked within a wide space in a forest with trees far smaller than those on Palotia.  On my left, I saw the main tower of the near castle and its number of other towers, walls, and parapets.  The dogs led us deeper into the village and into what had been a shop where I found a series of large tables with raised edges.  A pair of the dogs departed and seemed to return to the bridge while the other pair remained and sat by the door, watching us the entire time.  I heard some tumult coming from the back room and expected to see someone come forth.  I knew not if this would be the master of the dogs or simply the shopkeep.  To my unending surprise, it was a cow.  
It grunted as its sides pushed beyond the doorframe into the room and it raised its head up, lifting a basket of fruits and vegetables onto one of the large tables.  Bonu pulled the basket toward himself and I stared at the cow as it again squeezed itself through the door into the rear of the shop.  Once Bonu had chosen a few things from the basket, he handed it to me and I withdrew a pair of what I believed to be fruits.  I watched Bonu as he peeled the rind off one and I did the same to mine.  I heard the crashing of plates or dishes in the back while I enjoyed the juiciness of a purple berry-like apple and the cow reentered the room with the handle of a large mug clasped in her teeth.  She dropped it onto the tabletop and then walked behind us.  When the cow came to a stop, she faced away and mooed loudly, deeply.  I turned and saw that the broadside of the beast was presented to me and her swollen udder was near to my knee.  I scoffed with laughter and looked at Bonu, but he seemed more confused than I.  I sat still and chewed the fruit whilst I considered what to do, but after a moment, the cow bellowed again.  I reached for the mug and felt the cow's saliva upon its handle, yet I thrust it toward one of the teats.  It had been many years since I had milked a cow and it felt all the more odd to attempt it with only one hand, yet I did so.  After a moment of fumbling and apologising to the creature, I forced a stream of milk from her which drew laughter and then extreme interest from my Toka friend.  Once the cup was filled, I patted the cow on the side and she ambled away, returning to the rear of the shop.  
I sipped the milk and found it comforting despite its warmth, which I had previously considered off-putting when drinking fresh milk in my youth.  Bonu stared at the white liquid with interest and sniffed the cup whilst I drank.  With less than a third drunk, I handed it to him and he studied the milk.  After more than a minute of shaking, touching, and smelling the drink, he brought the mug to his lips and gulped his first.  His eyes widened and he smiled from ear to ear before exclaiming, "Good!"  He drank the remainder in a short time and then looked about the room again as if to wonder where the cow had gone.
I ate the second of my fruits and when I finished, the pair of dogs which had stood watch of us since our arrival stepped forward.  One harumphed as a dog might in a kind of abbreviated growl yet less than a bark.  It then turned to face the door and looked back toward us, as if to say, "Follow me."  I stood, gathered my things, and then gestured for Bonu to gather the food and to come with me.  We departed the shop and crossed the small village square into another building.  Its façade was wide open and bore no windows, though it had a pair of large double doors.  I believed it to be a stable of some sort and this proved true when I spied four horses in various stalls along the sides of the building.  The animals all stared at us as we were led past to the rear of the building and to one empty stall where hay had been piled up to nearly a meter in the back corners.  I walked into the stall and looked at the dogs in the now dim light of evening.  I asked, "Are we to stay here?"  The dogs said nothing and instead walked in a circle before squatting on either side of the stall's opening.  I looked at Bonu and pointed at the pile of straw.  "Let us sleep, I suppose."  He nodded and felt of the straw as he sat upon it.  I sat on the floor of the stall as well, and leaned against the pile.  I then spent several minutes to adjust and remove the poking of stray stalks through my clothes or against my skin, after which I felt comfortable enough to close my eyes.  Given the day's events and our kilometers of running and fighting atop the beams and pillars of the bridge, I was not surprised that I soon fell fast asleep.
I was awakened in the morning by the quick bark of a dog.  I sat up from my straw bed and saw a line of muscular, sturdy canines, including the four that found us the prior evening.  At their head stood a larger dog with some whiskers of gray by its nose and a collar from which dangled a golden medallion.  It huffed again and turned away toward the stable's entrance before it stopped and looked back at us.  Taking this as an inducement to follow, I roused Bonu and gathered my things.  It was then that I noticed my rifle had been taken in the night.  
I followed the lead dog and the other six walked alongside us, with Bonu clutching at the tails of my coat and remaining near.  The village was bustling with activity and, again, to my befuddlement, I saw not a man nor woman.  There were cats, dogs, cows, chickens, sheep, oxen … They all appeared to have their tasks and all the animals set about doing them.  There was a beast I did not recognize which lifted bundles of sticks from the ground and into a basket by the means of its elephant-like snout, though the animal itself was smaller than a cow.  Some of the creatures stopped their work and watched our passage through their midst like bystanders in any street on Virgo.  In seeing the menagerie before us, I began to ponder which animal would be the queen and then did I consider how difficult this might make my negotiations for food.
We left the village and arrived on the grounds of the castle.  More dogs guarded the iron gate and pulled it open as we approached.  We were guided through a long path lined with flowers and hedges toward the castle's doors, which were standing open.  I found the marble floors of the palace to be scuffed and dirtied.  Portraits hung upon the wall, but they were tilted and crooked.  More canines stood guard at various points and we soon came to a grand colonnade which was lined with spectators consisting largely of pigs dressed in silken finery, though muddied, and a host of peacocks with their tiny beaks raised high and their plumage spread brightly and wide.  The dogs led us into a chamber and the retinue of pigs and peacocks followed, filling the gallery of the throne room, for I now saw the disheveled velvet pillows which rested atop a stout marble column on a high platform.  
Bonu and I were made to stand before the dais which held the pillows and before the crowd of animals that surrounded us.  They oinked and cawed among themselves in low volumes until a goose wearing a puffy blue satin cap entered from a side door, extended its wings, and then bleated in a long, sustained manner.  The pigs and peacocks ceased their discourses and faced the front of the throne room as the door opened.  A form in a dress emerged and, in the latest of occurrences which surprised me, it was a human woman.
I could not determine her age for there were layers upon layers of makeup applied to her face.  She was caked in white and the redness of her lips were drawn on haphazardly and black eyebrows swept up toward her scalp as though a painter struck at her forehead with a flourish.  Her hair was pulled back into a knot with great strands sticking about at odd angles and jewels pinned into it, and the color of her hair was a kind of black I do not recall from nature, for it seemed to have a sheen of blue or perhaps purple.  I could not guess at her proportions for her harried red dress with gold embossings billowed in several places according to the style of this land, I supposed.  Shining gold chains hung about her neck and rings covered the most of each of her fingers and thumbs.  In seeing her disarray, I wondered anew at which animals served as her attendants.  
She sat on the velvet pillows and wrestled with their plumpness whilst also struggling against the billowing of her dress.  Finally, the capped goose waddled to the edge of the platform and looked upon me before honking.  The queen immediately raised her head and our eyes met for the first time.  They widened and she raised her head up and squared her shoulders.  She spoke and her tongue, while similar to Bonu's, was sufficiently different in its manner that it took me a moment to understand all that she said.  In fact, the goose and many of the pigs and peacocks in the gallery were agitated by my lack of response and she grew angry.  Finally, as I grasped it, I fell to my knee and lowered my head, saying, "I beg forgiveness, your majesty.  I am a stranger to your land and I required a moment to comprehend your speech."
She seemed pleased by this and nodded her head.  "We understand and thank you.  Now we require that you tell us who you are."
Though I despise the people who bestowed it, I believed that perhaps my title might aid my ingratiation with her majesty.  "I am Lord Chadwick Appleton of Virgo."  The pigs and peacocks squealed and warbled with pleasure while the queen smiled broadly, cracking the white powder of her mask.  "I have traveled far and have come unto you to request food for my long journey home."
She waved her hand dismissively and said, "Later.  Is this your slave?"
I looked down and placed my hand upon my companion's back.  "This is Bonu.  He lived in the wilds of Palotia and hath acted as my guide for many days to reach you.
The animals grunted and the queen frowned.  "You have brought a savage from Palotia to us?"
I raised my hands to plead.  "Forgive me, your majesty, I did not know of any rule barring his entry, yet I would say that Bonu is not a savage like most from that land, whom I had to battle just yesterday.  He hath the gift of speech," the queen gasped, "and he acted as my faithful guide through the wilds of that island."
The animals spoke among themselves and the goose waddled to the queen's side.  Its beak nestled near her ear and she nodded once before saying, "We wish to hear of your journey through that forsaken land, and we require that you spare no detail."
I could see in her face an eagerness and a desire to be entertained and so I sought to earn the food I would request by providing a tale worthy of payment.  I did not tell her that our vessel was a spacecraft and I said only that we wrecked near an old city of Palotia and that we were set upon by the curious natives of that land, with our holds broken and our supplies ransacked.  I spoke of our capture and the threat of being eaten by the tall warrior people before the bravery of Guildsman Lester spared us.  In all that I said, the queen and the gallery appeared entranced for they were nervous in tension and jubilant at victory.
I spoke for some while of our arrival, our capture, the meeting with Bonu, and the beginning of our journey to this island.  When I came to the portion set during the night in the old school, the eagerness of her majesty faded and she stood up from her pillows and exited the throne room without a word.  Her goose chamberlain flapped its wings and bellowed, which led all the pigs and peacocks to depart.  Bonu and I looked at the crowd in confusion and decided to follow them, whereupon we found a large dining room with long, low tables filled with fruits and vegetables.  Cow attendants stood in the corners of the room and the pigs tore into the feast without hesitation while the peacocks nibbled at the food in between loud wails at each other.  On the far side, the queen sat on a chair and ate one of the purple apples as she sipped milk.  I knelt beside one of the larger pigs, dressed in a green and white silk jerkin which was dotted with dried mud.  It brayed at me as I reached for an orange globe so I moved a bit farther away.  Bonu, however, knelt among the pigs and paid their objections no mind as he ate ravenously.  After I ate the one fruit, I stood up from the troughs and remained at the back of the room until we were bidden to return to the chamber.
Some time later, the goose made his announcement and the animals retreated.  After assuming my place before the platform again, the goose honked and the queen entered the throne room.  Once she had situated herself, she took a deep breath and said, "We require that you continue your tale."
I had decided by then to spare the more arduous portions of the tale and to focus on the tension and excitement.  I spoke for two hours more about meeting of the second warrior tribe nearer the bridge and then our encounter with them as we attempted the crossing and the battle atop the pillars.  This excited the queen and the gallery alike and they were seemingly exhausted by the time I spoke of our meeting the queen's dogs once we reached the island.
"You have told a good story, Lord Chadwick Appleton, and you have entertained us well."  The pigs and peacocks made noises in agreement and the queen tilted her head to look upon Bonu, who still cowered at my side.  "Now let us hear from your gifted savage."
I took the man's hand and raised him up.  He looked between myself and the queen repeatedly and I said to him, "The queen wishes to hear you speak.  Tell the queen your tale."
Bonu faced her and his head lowered in shame.  After a moment, he parted his lips and softly said, "Me Bonu.  Me old one and me know of long ago."
Her majesty frowned and her white mask cracked again.  "We are terribly sorry to say that he is enfeebled.  It would be best if we were to put him out of his misery."  She snapped her fingers and the burly beasts of her guard stepped toward us.  "Take him to the pit."  The dogs moved to Bonu and herded him away from me.
"Your majesty!  Please!  I beg you.  There is no need …"
She raised her finger and glared down at me from her pillows.  "Do not offend us, Lord Chadwick Appleton, lest you visit the pit as well."
A pair of the dogs bit onto the animal skins that girded Bonu's waist and they began to pull him from the chamber.  He faced me with terror and I forced myself to smile and to impart some hope to him, though I had to lie, "Do not fear, Bonu."
Once he was gone, the gallery of animals grunted and squawked while the queen held counsel with her chamberlain.  I stood in place and looked at the dirtied tiles of the floor and wondered what I might do.  I did not know the nature of this pit.  Were I to flee the chamber and give chase to the dogs, would I be able to spare Bonu the death that awaited?  Was the death swift or might it linger, and if this be so, might I save him?
I began to walk toward the doors and found there a pair of the queen's dogs.  They stepped forward to bar my exit and the queen called from the other end of the chamber, saying, "You have delighted us with your tales from Palotia but now we require tales of your other journeys, Lord Chadwick Appleton."  I looked at the bared teeth of these canines and the sinew that stretched about their chests and legs.  I knew a fight with more than one might prove deadly, so I would have to bide my time.  
I returned to the front of the chamber and bowed before the queen.  "If her majesty is entertained, perhaps she will provide sufficient provisions for my journey?" I said.
She nodded and answered, "If we are entertained."
I spoke of the journey to Kobol and my meeting with Lord Apollo, though I made no mention of spacecraft.  Her majesty was fascinated yet she seemed to display no recognition of His name or the name of that world.  Then I spoke of Scarsi and my conscription into its military.  Before I reached the portion related to my becoming a plotter on one of their vessels, the queen again appeared tired and rose up from her place and departed silently.  The goose signaled and all of the animals left.  I found them in the dining room again tearing into the options along the troughs.  I moved nearer to the peacock side attempted to reach over them for some food, but when I did, they rose up on their talons and gave their plumage a quiver before wailing loudly in my face.  Hurriedly, I took a green leafy plant from the table and nibbled on the bland but moist thing along the wall whilst the animals continued their conversations.  A while later, the queen stood and was guided out, but the other animals remained in place.  Soon, the guard dogs entered and all the pigs and peacocks lined themselves behind the canines who now led the royal court through a hallway in the palace I had not yet seen.  We were taken into a series of grand bedrooms that were missing their beds and dressers, but instead had mattresses of straw upon the floors.  I entered one such room alongside a parade of pigs and once they found their places, I took to a small lump of straw myself and laid upon it, for I saw out the cracked window that the sun had set.  I stared at the door and considered an attempt to find the pit and poor Bonu, but the dogs remained at the door and one seemed at all times to keep its eyes upon me.  I had no means to pass the time except to sleep, and I had no doubt that I would, for the day had been both exhausting and confusing.
In the morning, I awoke to find a large pair of pigs' heads laid upon my legs and lap and both were fast asleep.  The room carried a chill, but the presence of these animals had kept me warm.  Soon after, as the pigs and peacocks awakened, I stood and found upon my trousers and coat a surfeit of saliva and other ghastly drippings from their mouths and snouts.  Before I could find some cloth or washbasin, we were herded into the throne room where the queen bade me continue the tale.  I spoke of my crash upon the rocks and my time amongst the vile Nolufray.  I could not bear to speak of my own part in that evil, so I quickly left that subject and spoke of my return to the Scarsi and my own vessel.  "And then, your majesty, we found our way to your shores, and those tales were told yesterday."
"Most excellent, Lord Chadwick Appleton," the queen said.  She clapped her hands and the gallery of animals flapped their wings or called out in like fashion.  "We require that you tell us more tales of your journeys."
I replied, "I fear, your majesty, that I have none more to tell that are of similar adventure as those I have told."
At this, the queen appeared crestfallen and she said, "Then we are bored with you."
Sensing something ill about this pronouncement, I stepped forward and made a suggestion.  "Perhaps your majesty could tell me the tales of your kingdom."  She narrowed her eyes and glared at me.  "Perhaps your majesty would feel the excitement of the tales in their telling."
She sighed and said, "There is little to say except that the realms of the kingdom once lived in peace, and yet they cravenly sought the destruction of our crown.  For years they pursued this until they were successful only in the destruction of themselves, for the crown yet prospers."  She raised her hands aloft and the pigs and peacocks squealed and wailed in agreement.
I thought of the newsbills from the Palotian library and I sought to pry for additional information, though I did not wish to stir any malcontent.  "Your majesty, if you recall from my tale, the night spent in the school and my finding of the library."  She made no expression of remembrance.  "I saw there bulletins of news from many years prior that spoke of a King Runipe."
She smiled and said, "Our grandfather.  We recall him fondly."
"The bulletins spoke of, and forgive me, your majesty, they spoke of the 'tyranny' of the king."  Many of the animals squawked and grunted in response and the queen rose from her throne.  "I simply wish to know what policies of your grandfather may have riled the people so."
"You will not traffic in seditious speech in our presence, Lord Chadwick Appleton!"
I lowered my head and extended my hands outward.  "I beg forgiveness, your majesty.  I was simply curious."
"Beware curiosity, for it may lead to your end."  She returned to her place atop the pillows and she listened to the clucking from the peacock side of the room all of which now bobbed their heads and spoke likewise.  "As we recall, the people of the other realms desired lessened taxation, lessened quotas of their resources, and a reduction in prosecutions for crimes against the crown."
Warily, I asked, "And one must suppose that the people in the other realms felt that all of these things were carried out in excess?"
A single pig squealed and the queen muttered, "Mind yourself."  The dogs, scattered about the room, took a few steps forward from their posts.
Feeling no small amount of fear at what they might do, I withdrew from that line of questioning and asked after the people of the kingdom.  "The realms destroyed themselves, and I have been a witness to it, but what of the people of King's Island, now Queen's Island, after your majesty?"
She appeared confused and looked toward her goose chamberlain, which only shook its head in response.  The pigs and peacocks talked amongst themselves and then the queen asked me, "What about the people of Queen's Island?"
I smiled and may have chuckled before I answered, "Where are they, your majesty?"
She stood from her throne again and with a furrowed brow said, "They surround you, Lord Chadwick Appleton.  The people of our kingdom are here today, and they are in the villages, doing the work for us all."
I looked at the royal court and said simply, "These animals, your majesty?"  
In response, I was greeted with a barrage of loud snarling and oinking from the pigs as the peacocks and peahens hooted and wailed.  Feathers drifted into the air while plumes ruffled and the sows and boars climbed onto each other in an attempt to reach me.  The chamberlain flapped its wings and honked as loud as it could, yet its volume could not match that of the gallery.  
The queen climbed atop her pillows and raised her arms wide before bellowing, "Silence!"  At once did the throne room fall into quiet.  "We have about us the loyal people of our kingdom!  Those who did not seek an end to the line!  Those who did not question our authority!  Those who did not seek their own paths!  These are our honorable and steadfast subjects to whom we have devoted our life!"  The swine and birds then nodded and smiled, absorbing the queen's praise and puffing their chests as well as they might.  "We order you cast into the pit with the remainder of the treacherous and treasonous lot that came before you!"  Again, the animals sounded their agreement and some eight dogs gathered around me and pushed me toward the exits.  As the pigs and peacocks continued their bleating, two of the dogs bit at the sides of my coat and trousers to grab me and pull me the faster.
I was guided through the corridors of the castle and I looked about for any sort of weapon or method of escape that I might employ against these fearsome curs.  Shortly I found myself out of the palace in the early afternoon and guided through a set of hedges toward a different iron gate.  More dogs gathered 'round and soon they were taking turns grabbing at my clothes and pulling me.  I nearly stumbled and fell, but the growling and slobbering of these beasts forced me to keep aright.  When we emerged from the castle grounds I spied ahead the borders of a crevasse.  I could not determine its width yet, and certainly not its depth; only that it lie ahead and that there were already guard dogs there in wait.  I believed this to be the infamous pit and fell victim to my fears for a moment and struggled against their gnashing teeth.  It was for naught as I was soon set upon with sharp nibbles to the flesh of my arms and legs and forced to maintain my walk ahead.
At that moment, I gave in again to the forthcoming serenity of my demise.  Penance I again believed for having given aid and comfort to the Nolufray and taken part in their evil feasts.  I closed my eyes and continued to walk as the animals guided me and felt myself turned around before the dogs themselves left my side.  I opened my eyes and spied the castle in the near distance and the grounds between us.  A single large dog, the one with the gold medallion about its neck, ran toward me and leapt into the air.  It placed all four of its paws onto my chest and sprang away, pushing me off the ledge of the crevasse and into the pit.  I was surprised by this method of execution and I cried out and attempted to flail my arms all the way to the pit's terminus.  I was stunned to find that the fall was barely four meters.
I found myself atop a slippery debris that shifted with each movement I made.  There were clothes and hats and jewelry beneath me, but when I turned, I saw that these were cladding the bleached bones of long-dead people.  I rose up on my knees and surveyed the crevasse.  It was some forty meters from one side to the other and some one hundred meters or more in length.  I could not guess at its depth, yet in my scanning of the surrounds, I realized that it was entirely filled by the humans who had once populated the island.  I sat atop the bones of the "treacherous and treasonous," indeed.  All those who had a mind and a mouth had found their way here because none could remain in the good graces of the queen or her predecessors, I presume.  
I attempted to stand and was unsteady in the sea of bones.  I was grateful that they were free of their flesh and therefore free of their stench.  I heard the pitiful mewing of a pig and I turned and saw one such sow standing atop a cloaked set of ribs, reaching its hooves toward the lip of the crevasse from which a dog stared down at it and growled.  I marveled that even one of the queen's prized royal court of animals could be found offensive somehow.
I walked toward the center of the mound and found my balance improving for the density seemed to have grown more compact at the center.  I considered walking toward the opposing side, but I saw there a pair of dogs who stalked along a barbed fence, so I instead looked about the length of the crevasse in hopes of finding a shelter.  From one corner I saw a figure approaching me, flailing its arms, and I suddenly recalled Bonu.  I smiled knowing that he was safe and we ran toward each other as best we could.  I saw that he now wore a set of trousers and a long coat over his naked torso, and we embraced there.  I asked him if he was well, to which he answered that he was hungry.  I pulled my satchel from my back and swung it my side, hoping that the animals that took my rifle had decided to leave my other possessions be.  We were both pleased to see the orange fruit we gathered on our journey and we sat down on torn and pale shirts and trousers to devour their sweetness.
After we ate, Bonu led me to a small corner of the crevasse where the rock was somewhat concave.  A large cloak extended over the opening, braced by a pair of femurs, and there was a bed of other collected clothing atop the rock and bones on which Bonu had rested the night before.  I asked after him and he said he believed there were rats here, but he was not certain he could ensnare them.  I was pleased and said he may share in my fruit for as long as it lasted.
In the morning, I believed that it might be the day of the Pale Swan's arrival, and though I was not certain of the island's size, I wanted to find a way to attract their attention and hopefully spare them the indignity of the queen's court.  With Bonu's assistance, I gathered a great mound of clothing from the bodies and placed them at the center of the pit.  I then took from my satchel the horn of powder and placed several piles at strategic places in the clothing where I felt the material was sufficiently dry and flammable.  With my spare flints at the ready, we both sat down atop the bones and ate another pair of the fruit whilst we looked into the sky for a sign of the vessel.  The day passed without event, save for the patrol of the curs along the crevasse and the continued futile attempt of the sow to escape.  In the night, Bonu wanted to return to his hovel, but I forced him to remain with me, lest the Pale Swan come in the darkness.  He slept first and then took the watch as I slept.  In the morning, we ate the last of the fruit and anxiety crept over me as I stared into the blue sky for hours.
Shortly after midday, I heard a distant sound that I thought might be some great wave upon the ocean, though I had not heard any such waves until now.  The roar became louder and I stood and began to turn in circles to see all of the sky that I might.  I finally spied a small silver-gray shape high above the ground move beneath a cloud and come bearing toward the castle from the northwest.  I was giddy with joy and I turned toward the clothes and began to strike my flints.  After a few sparks were thrown, some of the powder caught light and hissed.  Shirts and trousers and cloaks became engulfed and both Bonu and I scrambled away from the conflagration.  The mound was alight and it crackled and smoked with fury.  I looked into the sky and saw the ship descend beyond my sight, for the lip of the crevasse concealed it.  The guard dogs, for their parts, stood along the edge and barked furiously at our fire and there was naught to be done about it.
In the moments that followed, I feared that I had started the fire too late and that Goody nor the others had time to see it.  I then beheld the sight of a loose rib dancing upon the white pate of a skull before falling into the pile below.  All the bones of the pit began to quake and sound like some orchestra of percussive instruments and I beheld the mighty prow of the Pale Swan as it lowered to the ground within a few meters of the crevasse.  The curs scattered in fear and moments later, I saw Engineer Wybert peer over the lip of the crevasse.  She called out, "Chadwick Appleton, I presume?"
I answered laughing and in the affirmative as I and Bonu made our way to the wall.  The crew lowered a rope ladder and we both climbed out of the damned pit, and in my joy, I embraced Wybert.  Soon after, we all were aboard the Pale Swan and lifted away from Queen's Island.  I notified the crew that I was unable to secure additional provisions for our journey, but they told me that they had, in their boredom, found a natural orchard of those tall fruit plants and gathered a few dozen of the orange globes.  I gave the order that we should return to Palotia where we first crashed so we might set Bonu free.  I gave to him my empty satchel, though I filled it with several of the fruits so that he might not have to scavenge for rats a time.  I bid him farewell as we landed and he embraced me again.  The elderly, filthy man wearing the jacket and trousers of some long-dead noble departed the vessel and skulked into the forest to avoid the attentions of his fellow Toka.
Our vessel departed Atoko and found Atlas' current easily.  Once we were swept into it, we relaxed and the crew asked about the many dogs they had seen and the pit of bones.  So ridiculous were the tales of my time apart from the crew that I was happy to relay them and they were greatly amused.  In the evening when my watches at the instruments were complete, I retreated to my quarters and continued my writing of this account.  We have food enough for a further twenty days and I pray that we see Virgo before that time.
PART IV – A VOYAGE TO DELOS
The author stops upon the world of Delos.  The peculiarities of its people and their beliefs are described.  The author is at first revered and then reviled for his knowledge.

Ten days after our departure from Atoko, it became apparent that the current's path was not bisected by Kobol and that we still had an unknown number of days adrift in it before we returned home.  We halved our provisions again and I trained Bently and Wade in the use of our instruments so that we might have more people in search for a planet at all times.  By the grace of the Gods, Goody spotted a world ahead, some distance from the path of the current, yet near enough.  We departed the flow and crossed the blackness of space to that place, which, upon closer examination, we realized was not one familiar to us.  During our hours-long journey, we discovered other worlds in the star system besides.  As we neared the target, our wireless systems detected transmissions and our scopes spotted vessels in a low orbit about the planet.  I relaxed then for I believed that we had come upon a world of like advancement to our own and not one based in savagery or superstition.
The language being spoken was in fact Olympian and this greatly pleased me for I would not have to contort my mind or tongue in an attempt to understand a new dialect.  As we approached the world, I signaled them and made ourselves known as visitors and requested a place to land.  We were greeted warmly and provided with directions, which we followed to the letter.  The planet was lovely and I found it similar in appearance to Gemini, for it was not blue as Virgo – as it seems that no world is – nor was it as lush as Leo or Capricorn, nor entirely ocean as Pisces, nor plains and desert as Taurus.
We were landed on a platform by the sea of a large continent, some distance from a city which I could spy easily included tall spires and lovely temples, so they appeared.  Aircraft flew about and vehicles rode upon the streets in greater number than even on Virgo.  Seeing the wondrous place beyond our windows, the crew asked that they be allowed to exit the ship and take part in any exploration.  I told them that I understood and that it was my inclination to grant their leave, but we first must be certain of our hosts for I had been lulled into complacency before by graciousness.
The hatches were opened and the air smelled like that of Pisces, for we were near the sea.  There was no stench of industry upon the breeze, nor of fish or anything else to give one pause.  We all exited the ship and as the engineers began a visual inspection of the hull, I walked to the edge of the platform whereupon I saw the approach of three people from a guidance tower across the way.  I was not certain at the first, but it appeared as though each person wore a single colour and that their faces and hands were of like hue.  The nearer they became, I saw that my initial assessment had proven true, and they too were confused by our appearance, for I saw one coloured in blue speaking with the others in yellow quickly and in hushed voices.
The one in blue greeted me with his head held high and by clasping each of his own hands across the front of his abdomen.  His hair and the skin of his face were seemingly painted with blue pigment and his hands were clad in long, blue gloves.  Save for the whites of his eyes and the pinkness of his tongue, there were no other colours upon him, and the same went for his attendants in yellow, a man and a woman.  After the greeting gesture, the man in blue said, "I see that you are truly not of our world."
"Indeed," I answered.  "We have come far and find our stores of food running low.  We hoped that we might be able to barter for additional provisions as we do not know what your people use for currency."
Their attentions were drawn beyond my right shoulder, and when I turned, I beheld the crew of the Pale Swan approaching me.  I prepared to introduce them, but the two men and woman prostrated themselves on the ground before them.  "Thank you for blessing us with your presence, holinesses."
I faced the others and saw that they were as confused as I, in large part because they did not speak the ancient, holy language of Kobol.  I asked the blue and yellow folk about this and they raised up slowly, keeping their heads low when looking at Engineer Wybert and Guildsman Lester.  They said then that it appeared as though they were priests and this was the standard response.  I informed them that they were crew aboard my ship and none were priests, though my father was and I briefly studied the Sacred Scrolls myself.  In saying this, the three prostrated themselves before me and they wailed.
"Forgive me!  We did not descry your parentage!"
I tried to grab at them and raise them up, but they would not rise.  In the end, I had to say, "You are forgiven," for them to cease their fearful gestures.  They continued to bow toward me and I endeavoured to ignore it.  "Do you believe we may barter for additional food?"
"I believe so, your holiness," the blue-coloured man said.
I again ignored their worship and said, "We have an excess in tylium fuel for which we may trade.  Might you secure us an interested party?"
"I will do all I might, your holiness."  Immediately, the trio departed and ran toward their tower.
I felt a curiosity about this place and their odd worship of, first, both Wybert and Lester, and second, of myself, yet my curiosity and adventurings had done little service to myself or the ship in recent weeks, so I decided that I would stay in place.  Soon, we saw other people in various colours depart their buildings or vessels to gaze upon us and ours.  Feeling such an uncomfortable watch, I ordered that we return to the confines of our ship and watch the hatch for the approach of any.
Nearly an hour later, a retinue of people approached the platform and we spied more colours in their number: red, blue, and green, though the most intriguing proved to be the pair who were not painted at all and wore only black robes.  They were a man and a woman and both appeared to be sixty years of age, if not older.  The group stood at the edge of the landing platform and called out to the ship, bidding us all to emerge.
With apprehension, I left the vessel first and had behind me the remainder of the crew.  When I neared the visitors, I bowed toward them at the waist and my crew followed suit.  I said that I was the only one of the crew versed in the language of the Gods so I would have to translate as necessary.
"We are told that there are priests among you," the unpainted woman said, "and I see such a pair."  She looked then upon Wybert and Lester with great respect.  "We are also told that you have been trained as a priest, and as you speak the language of the Gods when others among you do not, I suspect this is true."
"It is true, madam," I said, not knowing the proper honorific.  "I studied as a priest for a year because my father was a priest and my family desired that I join that honourable course."
The group regarded me carefully and nodded.  The unpainted man said, "I can see the priest within you.  And you were allowed to join their ranks?"  I said I was, had I completed my schooling.  He looked across the rest of the complement of the Pale Swan and nodded toward both Wybert and Lester, yet when his gaze fell upon Wade, he became sour and whispered at the woman.  He then spoke, saying, "Before we continue our discussions, will you please bid your pale one there to enter the vessel?"  I faced Ableman Wade and told her to depart us and keep watch from the ship, though I knew not their displeasure with her at the time.
The unpainted pair relaxed and the woman said, "We understand that you have come to Delos in search of provisions."
I bowed my head and answered, "We have and we are prepared to barter refined tylium fuel for it.  Is such a trade possible?"
The unpainted man gestured toward the blue-coloured man, whom I only then realized was the same man I had spoken to earlier.  "The dockmaster will see to your needs and get labourers to ferry the goods."
Bowing again, the blue man and the red-painted woman stepped forward.  She withdrew a small red pad and began to draw upon it, asking, "How much fuel are you willing to trade?"
"Forgive me, but how much food are we able to acquire?"  I asked.
"The supplier with whom we are dealing is prepared to accept fifty litres of tylium fuel for twenty kilograms of various foodstuffs, including vegetables and grains."
Given the expense of tylium fuel, I felt that the rate of exchange was too low, yet this was a strange land, so I agreed to those terms, saying we had two hundred litres of tylium fuel to spare.  And spare may not be the proper term, as we still knew not how far removed we were from Virgo or the other worlds.  Should our several tanks run dry again despite our best conservation, I would have hated to part with so much of that precious liquid if our engines fall short of the mark.  Still, the distance was an unknown, yet it was very much known that we would starve within a few short days, thus I accepted it and gave instructions to the crew related to our agreement.
The red woman wrote her notes and the blue man called forth a crew of yellow-painted men and women – labourers, I supposed.  While they went about their work, the unpainted pair summoned me forward and asked that I, Wybert, and Lester join them for a ride into the city as it would take time for the goods to be exchanged.  Warily, I accepted the invitation and we followed these people to their large vehicle.  It rolled about on eight wheels, it seemed, was polished black on the exterior with fine fabric upholstery on the interior.  Its rear cabin was tall enough that I might stand inside fully erect, yet Wybert, Lester, and myself chose seats which faced the unpainted individuals.
While we situated ourselves, I asked, "You said this place is Delos?  Is that the name of this city or this world?"  I was told it was the latter, and that the name of this city was Iereia.  "Please forgive me, but I do not understand the nature of the priesthood."  The group was curious and tilted their heads at me as I continued, "You have said you looked upon us and saw priests within us.  How is this so?"  The vehicle began to move and I found its ride rather rough despite how well-appointed its interior was.  
The unpainted pair smiled and the woman spoke first, "I am Priest Utalo and this is Priest Umira.  We have come from a long line of priests, as I see your companions have."
I gazed then upon both Wybert and Lester and saw nothing out of the ordinary, yet when I returned my eyes to the priests, I saw that they, too, were more darker-skinned than most.  I gasped at my realization and asked, "Is it the tone of their flesh?"
Utalo and Umira bowed their heads.  "Those who have been in the presence of the Gods are so touched by Them.  Blinded by Their radiance and burned by Their glory."  
I looked at my hand and studied the warm amber tones of my own skin.  "My father was a priest and of a darker hue than my mother."
"Thus have they sinned and thus have you been blessed by the Gods," Umira said. 
"By that and your studies," Utalo said.
I then worried for those who were not so hued, so I asked, "Why did you bid my fair Ableman Wade to leave us on the platform?"
Their faces frowned and the woman said, "The pale have strayed far from the Gods and are an abomination."
I looked then upon the red and green-painted people among us and asked after their natures.  The man answered, saying, "Those who are pale and wish to avoid damnation pay their penance and receive the dyes which are used for their clothes and bodies.  Those who are of mixed heritage pay a penance for the crimes of their forefathers and receive the same.  As you are a visitor and because you have been trained as a priest, we shall exact no fines for the sins of your parents."  I shielded my disgust at such abuse while Umira gestured toward the others.  "The colours chosen relate to their fields.  Workers are coloured yellow and their masters are blue.  Merchants and pursers are red."  The woman bowed toward us.  "Intendents and servants of the city are green."  The green man nodded here.  "Constables, fire marshals, chemists, and medicuses are orange."  He waved his hands, "there are many, many colours."  I grew curious at this stratification of their society and asked if one might be able to change their employment and thus their colour.  I was told if the temple was paid sufficiently and the worker so schooled, one might choose nearly any colour desired, save that of the priesthood.  I then asked after the fathers and mothers who remain home with their children, or the children themselves, or even the elderly.  Those who have spouses and children of a certain colour may wear it, as may those who have since retired from such work.  Beige and gray are the natural tones of the clothing worn and that is saved for the children or any adult without employment.
In hearing this, I looked out the windows of the cabin and as it stabilised, I saw a neighborhood made up of small, dirty homes and a number of people clad in brown with hoods over their faces holding forth bowls for passersby to leave alms.  For all my hope that this world was more advanced than even Virgo, it was proven lacking.
The vehicle came to a halt soon after and the door was opened by a man in white clothing and paint who carried a sword.  We emerged and found ourselves before an ornate temple made of green and white marble, ringed with statues of the Gods in gold and silver.  As I turned to see the splendor around me, I beheld modest homes, not so dilapidated as those farther away but certainly a contrast with the extravagant temple.
We entered the building and found its furnishings as grand as its exterior.  The green intendent and the red purser who had been with us departed down a long corridor where workers of various colours carried papers and the like.  We were led up a long staircase and I then decided to summarise all that I had learned to both Wybert and Lester, telling them first, "Do not betray your true feelings at such news and instead seem only curious."  They acted admirably as I told them of these people's fixation upon skin colour, and apparently all colour besides, and their practice of selling forgiveness and using paint to shield their true selves.  We were led into a wide, round room where we found a further dozen unpainted people, presumably all priests as they were all dark-skinned folk.  We were then seated at a table resplendent with gold, silver, and finely crafted wares.  I felt an unease at the similarity to my experiences with the Nolufray and I fear that I began to perspire.  
"You have joined us in time for our evening repast!" Utalo announced.  Servants in white seemed to emerge from the very marble walls to fill our glasses with wine and water as others brought forth great platters of food.  None of the priests moved or acknowledged the presence of these workers in any way and they continued to serve us until they returned to their stations against the wall and again seemingly melted into the marble.
I looked toward Utalo and asked, "Tell me of those painted white.  Are they an abomination, like my Ableman Wade?"
She then answered, "No.  These are the Unseen, the instruments of the priests to do their will.  Some are sentenced into these positions for their crimes and some have taken it upon themselves.  If their tasks are completed and they have sufficient payment, and if we will it, we may grant them leave to choose their hue and they may depart from their service."
Umira held his arms out from himself toward the other priests and began to speak, "We have with us visitors from another world who are priests by their heritage and by their learning."  He smiled and said, "Their temples allow any to study the words of the Gods, it seems."  The other priests laughed and I again prevented any displeasure from crossing my face.  "Though you are new to us, Chadwick Appleton, would you favor us with a prayer to the Gods in thanks for our meal?"
I stood and said, "It would be my honor."  As I prepared to lower my head in deference to the Gods, I saw that all of the priests faced the ceiling with closed eyes and their arms spread wide.  I told Wybert and Lester that I was going to pray and they bowed their heads.  Though it was not the custom of my sect to pray before meals, I knew that I must impress these priests, so I decided to be thorough and to use the ancient names for the Gods.  "Lords of Kobol, hear my prayer.  We thank You, Demeter, for the bounty of the harvest presented before us, and we thank You, Artemis and Poseidon, for the animals we will eat.  We thank You, Hestia, for the kindness of our hosts and we ask Your blessings upon their homes.  We thank You, Hermes, for safeguarding our arrival here, and we ask Your blessings upon my vessel and crew.  We thank You, Lord of Lords, Zeus Most High, for all of our blessings and we beseech You to bless us as we continue this day.  So say we all."
I raised my head and prepared to sit, yet I saw that the priests were looking at one another in confusion.  Utalo calmed them and returned her face to the ceiling, saying, "Apollo Phoebus, show unto the ignorant the light of the Gods' being and the knowledge of their sins.  Ares the Cruel, thrust Your spear upon those who reject the light and oppose us.  Athena Alkidemos, guard our city and our people.  Zeus Olympios, Agoraeus, Areius, Horkios, and Xenios, continue to guide us and secure for us our realm, and bring fear to the faithless.  In the memory of Kobol, we pray."  
Once she was finished, the other priests appeared satisfied and I sat.  Wybert and Lester asked me what happened and I told them that I had apparently not prayed well enough in their eyes.  The priests around us pulled platters to themselves and heaped large slices of meat and scoops of food upon their plates.  I did the same, though I left the meat be, and bid my crewmates to help themselves, who then smiled and eagerly filled their plates.  Our hosts were silent and they greedily devoured their meals as though some clock ticked to an end of the meal.  I looked about the room for some sign that this was so and saw none.  I ate something akin to potatoes with cheese, though I found the starch to be sweet and nearly red.  I enjoyed it and ate all my serving of it, and then looked toward Umira whose head was laid low toward his plate so he had no need to carry his food far from the table to his mouth.  I decided then that perhaps they had no precedent for conversation during dinner, so I waited until all were finished, but it was one of the priests unknown to me who broke the silence and spoke, "Tell me of the temples on your world."
I answered him, "In the largest city, there is the Temple of Edward, so named after a pious ruler.  It is nearly as tall as your own but with pointed spires and not domed ones as yours.  Within it are statues to all the Gods and seating for many hundreds so all may hear the messages from our priests."  This caused a few to shake their heads and I finished my thought, "That is the grandest I have seen, but the temples in all our towns and cities are similar, with the majority dedicated to a single God."
"All your people are allowed entry?" another priest asked.
I answered, at last seeing their bewilderment, "They are.  Our temples are a place of refuge from our lives where we might all commune with the Lords of Kobol."
"And so were you allowed to study the Sacred Scrolls and join their number," Umira said.
"Yes.  We do not hold service to the temple and the priesthood apart.  The works and words of the Gods and our priests are available to all."
"The Sacred Scrolls as well?" a woman asked, but Utalo quieted her and said, "The hour hath grown late and tomorrow is the day of Descension, so we must all seek rest."
The priests stood from the table and Umira walked to our side and said rooms had been prepared within the temple.  We were taken from the dining place by the Unseen who moved silently through the halls and did not answer my questions, but led us unto a set of rooms at the end of a corridor.  The sun had set and the three of us stood as the white-painted servants departed and I explained to my crew all that had been said.  Lester grew uncomfortable and asked that we depart as soon as we are able; Wybert and I concurred, and thus I intended to ask in the morning.
In the night, I found it difficult to sleep and I rose.  Soon after, I heard in the hall some commotion and perhaps cries of pain.  I left my quarters and soon faced a white-coloured servant who emerged from the wall.  I was startled by their approach and asked if all was well.  They only nodded in the affirmative and ushered me back to my chambers.  As I walked, I heard a door part farther down the hall and a young woman whose white robe was draped about her shoulders departed in a hurry and was escorted away by another Unseen.  Then I beheld the face of a priest, one of the others I had met at the dinner, who looked each way in the passage before retreating into his room.  Once I was returned to my room, I understood then the nature of those cries.
In the morning, I was awakened by noise outside the windows of my chambers and soon after, a servant brought forth a collection of fruits and drinks.  I took the clear water and drank it and ate of each of the fruits presented and enjoyed their flavors.  I was then greeted by one of the priests who brought forth a black robe not unlike her own and was asked to wear it for the Descension.  I nearly asked what that was but I decided to wait until I might see either Utalo or Umira again.  Once I had dressed, I was guided out from the room by a white servant where I saw both Wybert and Lester in black robes as well.  We were herded to the main staircase where I found all of the priests so dressed, though now wearing tall, black headdresses.  They were plainly formed, but decorated with glistening black beads, chains, and various other things besides.  We walked to the bottom of the stairs and the doors of the temple were held wide open by white-clad soldiers.  A crowd's roar filled the air and ached mine ears before I could even discern the number of people, and once we were free of the stairs and crossing the wide floor to the egress, I saw that all of the street outside the temple was filled with the citizens of Iereia.  
We exited into the morning sun and hands of all the colours of the people reached around the barrier of Unseen soldiers and servants.  The priests raised their arms high and beamed as they greeted their citizens who screamed and cried out for them.  In the clamor, I could hear many a person say, "Bless us!" while they thrusted strips of fabric out from themselves.  I looked as closely as I might and I saw that the pale fabric had a coloured metal disc pinned to one end with writing upon the cloth.  Workers in red, for they were pursers, spread out from the temple and took from the crowd these fabric strips and placed them into red baskets that were girded across the waists of these accountants.  I thought then that perhaps these strips were their currency.  
We wound around the perimeter of the temple's circle and the three of us remained within the grouping of priests, some dozen, who did not venture into the crowd nor did they say anything unto them.  The pursers took from the many thousands their fabric strips and the white-painted soldiers held the multitudes at bay.  I marveled at the number of the people who crowded the streets and near buildings and shouted at these priests who did naught in return save smile and wave.  I looked upon the faces of the crowd and saw all the many colours of life in Iereia and I beheld quite a number who wore the plain gray and brown colours, who appeared hungry and weakened from their station.  I saw a family in gray, who at first appeared to be painted so, but were in fact gray from their filth and dust, for I could not guess that they had a true place to call their home.  They did not cry out to be blessed and they stared with wide eyes at the procession as we passed.  Most of the rest simply reached beyond the ring of soldiers with their palms facing the sky.  A fortunate number appeared to have their common currency and they gave it to the pursers.  
For more than an hour we walked and I saw the expanse of the city beyond the screaming audience.  After a time, the procession, in its circling of the temple, had returned to the main entryway and the priests faced out once more before entering.  I, too, looked into the eager faces of the many before I entered and the doors were closed behind me.
The red-coloured pursers took their baskets of fabric down the hallways where they were sorted.  The priests bade us follow them and we found ourselves in a wide sitting area where servants in white poured drinks and offered food.  I sat and took only water again before I asked after the nature of what we had done.
Umira answered me, "The first day of the month is the Descension, a day to commemorate the descent of the Lords of Kobol from Olympus many ages ago.  Thus, we descend from the temple and the people come, bearing their deisis.  Now, we wait as the tabulation occurs."
I asked, "The deisis, these are the strips of fabric we saw?"  I was told yes, and that these were, in fact, the currency of the people of Iereia.  Citizens of certain colours were paid in the fabric with the coloured metallic disks to match their stations, and when they had a need or desired a blessing, they wrote upon the fabric and gave it to the pursers.  Once the tabulation was completed, the priests would decide which prayers to honor and which ones to deny.  More weight was given to certain colours, so it was desirable for people of a "lower" colour to have been paid with a "higher" one so that more weight would be given to their prayer when turned over to the priests on Descension.
I then asked after the nature of colour and its role in their society.  Utalo chuckled and said, "Do you not recall the words of Ares?  And stated again by Lord Zeus?"  My confusion pressed her to continue, and she quoted, "'When thou approachest another, see that their colours have been nailed upon a mast, so thou mayest know the truth of that person.'  So we have done, and all Iereia knows the colours of their neighbours."  As she finished speaking, the other priests nodded and smiled, believing some great wisdom had been imparted.
For my part, I recognized the line and knew it to be one regarding a means of warfare spoken of by Mars and later repurposed by Jupiter to mean the true sense of a person, though in a figurative fashion.  These Iereians, for all their pomposity, had taken a simple message on the nature of character and made it the basis for their lives, their economy, and everything else besides.  I again thought of that gray-stained family with nary a deisis to petition for aid and I wondered at what may become of them.
I stood from my chair and walked into the midst of the circle of priests and asked, "Do you know of the Charites?"  They answered that they did and I said, "Among my people, they are also known as the Graces and they are goddesses of compassion.  The beauty of a gift given without expectation of reward.  I saw in the faces of your people a need that you are unable to meet.  For the gray and the brown among the Iereians without any deisis, what blessings might they expect?  The pursers who now tabulate have no record of them, and yet this temple and its priests will enjoy the bounty of those full baskets for another month."
Many among the circle grew angry and a few stood from their seats.  One stepped toward me and said in anger, "'For the Gods shall lift those who lift themselves.'  If there are those in the city who wear the gray and the brown, then their colours are true.  They do not work to help themselves."
I shook my head and said, "I know not what Scrolls you have read, but you have missed a portion of Zeus' words."  At this, they were offended and I quoted from my own readings, "'For the Gods shall lift those who lift themselves, and lift each other.'"  
The priests rallied to their feet and some drew near to Umira and Utalo.  One said loudly, "He speaks as a Pallan!"  I asked what this was and she faced me, saying, "One from the heathen city of Pallas."
I walked nearer the group and asked for more information.  "As you prayed last evening to 'Ares the Cruel,' you spoke of those who 'oppose us.'  Is this Pallas your enemy?"
Utalo answered me, saying, "One of several.  Pallas does not believe in the Gods as we know Them for they exalt Athena above all, saying She is the truest God among Gods.  Like your people, they believe the Sacred Scrolls and the temples are for all their people."  She then turned away from me and shewed me her back.  I asked about their other enemies and was ignored until an older priest who had not risen from his seat spoke.
"There is Diako, which was once a part of Iereia, though they have abandoned the use of colours in their society and they claim knowledge of other Sacred Scrolls, they say.  In Corrin, they persist in using temple prostitutes for blessings, ignoring the teachings of Artemis on chastity and of Hera on faithful families."
At this, I did laugh and drew the attention of the remainder anew.  I faced them and said, "Do you also exalt Hestia and her teachings of finding a virtuous life in the simple things and bliss in frugality?"  Several of the priests answered that they do and I laughed again.  "You are hypocrites.  You abide in this marble tower and feast on what the poor outside these walls give unto you.  You would criticize another realm for ignoring the teachings of Artemis on chastity when, last evening, I bore witness to one of your number taking one of the Unseen into his bedchamber."  I looked about the priests as I spoke and though I knew not which of them I had seen commit this act, when one turned aside, I then knew the guilty.  "You have not followed the example of the Gods."
In saying this, I remembered my days on Kobol and my time with Lord Apollo.  He had admonished me to share that message with all whom I met, and until this moment, I knew not why.  Here, with Delos, was a world torn apart by the faulty memories of mankind who placed significance on the mundane as they ignored the profound.  And worst among all, they ignored the purest example of the Gods, for They were many in number with differing tastes and views and goals, yet They all came together to advance humanity and make Kobol a greater place.  I said this to them and that this is how humanity should behave to live the example of the Gods and I was mocked.  I said after, "In our travels, we have been to Kobol and I spoke there with Lord Apollo."
Their humor departed and one of them said, "Kobol is no more.  It was destroyed."
"No," I answered.  "It is full of ash and absent of life, yet when my vessel crashed there, a price in blood was paid by more than half of my crew, as Zeus foretold.  I found in the desolation Lord Apollo as He struggled to bring light and life back to that place.  I was warmed in His glow and healed by His finger and we spoke for a day or more about life with the Gods on Kobol and life without Them on our new worlds.  At my departure, He bade me share the message that He desired for all of mankind to live their lives according to the example of the Gods."
As I spoke, the priests grew horrified until they firmed into anger.  At the last, one called out, "Now he speaks as an Acastan," another of their enemy cities and one which seeks a return to Kobol.
Umira spoke and said, "No.  He speaks as a blasphemer and he shall be dealt with thus."  She then looked to the white-clad servants among the marble pillars and made a motion.  Concealed in the columns there were Unseen soldiers, and with white rifles and swords they moved toward myself and my crew.  Seeing them, I faced Wybert and Lester and ordered them to flee.  They both sprang forth and as the guard snatched me, I could not see what befell my comrades.  In the following minutes, Lester was brought to my side, bound, and he said that Wybert managed to escape the doors of the temple and he knew not where.  I apologized to him and said that my anger had gotten the best of me and therefore forestalled our flight from this place.  He could not answer for bags were placed over our heads and we were carried into a cold place and there left for several hours.
A man in white entered with his hand clasped on the hilt of a sword.  He removed the bags from our heads and said that there would be no trial as we had blasphemed to the very priests themselves.  I then begged for the release of Guildsman Lester for he was ignorant of my crime as he does not speak the language.  The man – whom I deemed some sort of leader, whether captain or general, I do not know – then said, "He hath blasphemed by not following his priestly nature, then.  And he hath blasphemed by consorting with you, a blasphemer."  Two subordinates entered and brought simple food consisting of a loaf of bread mottled with some manner of protein I could not discern and cups of water.  The white-painted leader said then, "Eat quickly, for you shall soon be punished according to your crimes."  I asked if we were to be put to death and he answered, "No, you shall be made holy and then dispatched in the service of the Lords of Kobol.  If They seek your death, then you will die."  I ate the bread and drank the water, and as I swallowed the last, one of the other men placed a leather and metal band about my neck and face which covered my mouth and barely allowed for me to breathe through the nose.  Once Lester was so bound, the leader nodded and said, "Thus shall you blaspheme no more."
The following morning saw us transported to another cell and there we were housed with many who were bound about the face as were we, and many other criminals besides, I supposed.  Some still wore the remnants of their colourful lives with pants or shirts of dirtied yellow or blue, flecks of paint on their face or in their hair.  Many of them looked upon Lester with wonder for he appeared with his dark skin to be a priest, yet he was bound as a blasphemer.  Soon, the blasphemers were freed to eat of the bread and water and masked again immediately thereafter.  Instruments had been placed in the room to carry the voices of the priests and they spoke of the Sacred Scrolls and their teachings.  As I expected, they never read the words of the Gods themselves for they wished to retain the power and blessings of those words for their own kind, meting out a portion when they so desired.  The lessons chosen were about faith and duty with many of the readings being bent toward their will, misinterpreting or confusing the messages conveyed by those Holy Messengers who compiled the Scrolls.  This persisted for some days and the tone of the speech became more forceful.  We were aroused to become like Nike and bring victory to the Gods by way of battle and sacrifice.  By the sword, we were to bring the light of Apollo to the people who would deny it, and I knew I had been conscripted again.
Lester and I remained near each other at all times.  When our masks were removed for meals twice each day, we were given less than a minute to consume the bread and water before they were replaced, and therefore could not speak.  On one occasion, another blasphemer spoke when his mask was removed and a guard set upon him with a baton.  I was then thankful that we had not attempted a conversation.  The days became blended and I knew not how long we were incarcerated, though I would guess eight or nine days by the end.  I prayed to the Gods that Wybert returned to the Pale Swan and that they were able to return to Atlas' current.  Perhaps even now, I thought, they were landed on Virgo and telling the wondrous tale of their journeys.  
When I did not pray and when I did not listen to the unending words of the priests, I thought about my own journeys and reconsidered all of my decisions.  I dwelt overlong, perhaps, on the Nolufray and my own sins there, and I thought about the people of that place and how they compared to the gray and brown of Iereia.  Here, too, do the ruling priests consume their people, though not literally.  When the thought recurred to me later, I thought of Virgo and the beggars I saw along the Tyburn while I worked the docks.  The poor in the streets of Excester and Buskirk.  The servants of my home, taken away from theirs, and forced to toil for the crown and the Empire.  I thought too of the forgotten people of Palotia and the tyrannical queen of Atoko.  I began to weep for then I realized that my beloved Virgo was little different than any of these foul places.
On that last day, a crowd of white-painted men and women entered our holding room where we were forced to congregate and listen to the priests of Iereia and they, at last, turned off their instruments and we all enjoyed the silence.  It was broken by a woman who introduced herself as Servant General Ravinia.  "You will be led from this place, sanctified by your prayers and the words you have heard, and made into the Unseen, servants of the Lords of Kobol and Their holy temple.  From there you will be taken into the spiritual battles that require your aid, be they at the borders of Pallas or Corrin or upon the shores of distant Gnarg as we struggle against Diako for the souls of the backward heathen of that world."
I looked upon Lester and saw the confusion in his eyes, rested upon the top of the metal and leather band which covered his mouth.  I wished that I could tell him what was said, but before long, we were herded out of that room and into the open air where we were sprayed with a thick, white fluid.  It clung to our clothes, skin, and hair, and once it had left my eyes, I could look about and see that all the prisoners were now painted in white just as the temple's servants and soldiers were.  Two of the guards approached Lester and seemed concerned about his face as it seemed that the fluid did not sufficiently cover the darkness of his skin.  They took then a paintbrush of the colour and wiped it upon his cheeks and brow and seeing the thickness of the white on him, left him be.  
We were led out from the field and toward a series of transports that were lined before us with their gangways open.  I saw then that we had been merely fifty of several hundred such new Unseen soldiers about to embark on their campaigns.  The servant general and other officers perused a list and guided a portion of them toward airships, whilst my group was led to a spacecraft, which I could only assume meant that we were now bound for the world of Gnarg.
Until this point, I had some measure of hope within me that Wybert and the Pale Swan might have made some foolhardy attempt to rescue us, despite my prayers that they would safely return to Virgo.  With Lester and I now boarding a vessel that would depart Delos entirely, I knew the chances of such a joyous end had vanished.
PART V – A VOYAGE TO GNARG
The author is dispatched to the world of Gnarg.  A battle is waged upon its shores.  He finds there an unexpected race and makes a fateful decision.

The vessel left the surface of Delos soon after we were secured on board and placed within restraints.  The metal and leather mask I was forced to wear proved uncomfortable in the harnesses that held me to the bulkhead of the ship, but I could not complain nor reach the buckles to adjust them myself.
An Iereian officer walked along the deck and spoke about our destination.  "We will land upon the shores of the land of Gnarg outside of the second camp.  The third and fourth camp have, in recent weeks, been stormed by the Diako, and we fear that they will overtake the first and second soon.  When you depart this craft, you will be sent immediately into battle with your own spear of Ares the Cruel.  Then, you shall thrust it into the chest of some unbeliever.  If you happen to survive the assault, you will be tasked with carrying the light of Apollo unto the natives, who are simpletons and know nothing of the Gods."  He finished speaking and then another servant approached and though he wore and was painted entirely in white, he wore a black hat and he spoke prayers to the Lords of Kobol, bidding the prisoner servants to join him.  A small portion of our company were blasphemers and liars and could not speak, and I was thankful for I did not wish to petition the Gods for aid on this abominable quest.  I did, though, pray again that the Pale Swan return to Virgo and that Lester might be spared.  Our craft had no light engines for, within a few hours, we began our entry to Gnarg's atmosphere and I understood this world to be in the same system as Delos.  Servant soldiers unfastened the harnesses of all the new recruits and we were guided toward the entry hatch as the ship settled roughly onto the new planet.
When the hatch was opened, we were all engulfed with the noise of combat outside.  Cries of thousands, the clashing of metal, and gunfire filled our ears and many quailed.  Lester's eyes grew full with tears and he looked at me in confusion and still I could say naught to him.  Soldiers ran from the craft and were handed simple white spears with a metal point.  We were pushed forward, and in the thick of the crowd, we stormed from the ship and onto the dark brown sands of this new world.  Wooden structures along the coast were in flames and entire regiments of white-coloured soldiers raged in the ruins against their foe, who wore green and gray.  While most of the Iereian forces were armed with only spears, it seemed that the Diako fared better, for it was only the reports of their rifles that we could hear.
Once we were away from the ship and the members of our company separated somewhat, I took Lester's arm to pull him toward the fallen wall of some building.  I was met with a rebuke in the form of an officer's sword hilt.  She struck me in the head and yelled at me to rejoin the army.  I complied and pulled Lester with me along a wall of fire that turned some hall into ash.  We stepped over the bodies of many white-clad soldiers now reddened with their blood and rounded a corner that looked toward the main field of combat.  While the Unseen appeared to have the advantage of numbers, it could not be doubted that the Diako were proving victorious.  Their horses and machinery rode across the field swiftly and plowed into the charge of Iereian soldiers.  White spears were thrown with all but a few futilely wasted, and at the same time, men and women in green and gray raised their rifles and fired, felling many dozens.  The battle was far ahead of us, and when I looked back to see who ran behind me, I saw only an officer and a few other prisoners as our transport ship and two others took to the sky.
We trampled the fallen and I spied a fellow blasphemer ahead who knelt over the body of a Diako man.  He raised up with the enemy's rifle and fired at the nearest Iereian officer he saw.  The officer behind me cried out and ran forward with her sword drawn and the man used his spear to run her through.  As we were at the end of the column, few others saw this and none of the prisoners said anything.  Without the supervision, I took Lester and again tried to move away from the battle.  We sat on the ground against the side of a cart and I saw the murderous soldier rummaging through the bodies of the two officers he killed.  I was concerned and knew not what he was doing until he withdrew a set of keys and then freed himself of the blasphemer's mask that he wore.  My eyes widened at the prospect of such relief and he thankfully saw us and threw the keys toward us before he ran away from the conflict in the other direction.
Once I had freed Lester, he began to speak a litany of expletives, and I fully understood his reasoning.  He freed me and I explained the situation to him, briefly, and suggested that we, too, should flee the site of this battle.  We left the cover of the cart and crossed the rear of the Iereian column to get near the sea again, for there I had hoped we might wash ourselves free of the white paint that coloured all of us, save for what had been covered by our masks.  I saw an inlet some two hundred meters distant and we remained low as we crossed.  Half of the distance to the water, the noise of the battle became louder and I saw that the Diako were attempting to outflank their white-coloured enemies by moving in our direction.  We ran faster, through more smoldering ruins of the Iereian camp and into the tall grass that ringed the sands of these shores.  We came to the side of the inlet and I believed that we were successful, but after a near rifle's shot, I saw Lester fall down the slope and into the ebbing seawater.
I clambered toward him and through the water where I raised him up.  Most of the paint had been cleansed from him, but now blood poured over his stomach.  I carried him up the other slope of the inlet into the tall grass above the beach and there I removed his shirt and tried to staunch his bleeding.  When I saw how severe the wound was and how much blood was lost, I wept and begged his forgiveness.  He said I should not fret for though he may have been deemed a blasphemer by these people, he was not and thus he anticipated his arrival in Elysium.  He died soon after in my arms and there I remained, cradling his head.
At some point, though I know not when, the battle ended with the routing of the Iereian soldiers.  Rifle shots became sparse and the thundering of horses was distant.  I heard a noise in the grass and looked up to see a woman crawl through wearing green and gray with gold upon her arms.  She aimed her weapon at me and I took a deep breath, believing it to be my last.  Instead, she lowered it and asked of me, "Are you Iereian?"  She looked then upon Lester and her eyes widened and she said, "Was he of their priests?  Have they now come to Gnarg?"
I answered her, "I am not.  I was a visitor to Delos and was arrested as a blasphemer and sent here.  This was a member of my crew and no priest, yet he died for their cause, ignorant of it, though he may have been."
"I am sorry."  She crawled out from the grass and reclined on the brown sands and there I saw the blood that coated her leg.  I offered to tend to her wounds and she said, "Soon, I will be as your friend."  I offered again, saying I had some training for use aboard my ship, and at this she allowed me to examine her.  "One of their spears found a mark in my side."  I said that this was a miracle in itself and she laughed before quickly regretting the jostling of her stomach.  She had placed a wadding of cloth against it and it was soaked thoroughly.  I removed it and a great deal more spilled forth causing her to swoon.  I replaced it and added more to it before I was able to rouse her again.  I said that there was little to be done for it and she thanked me.  I considered what may happen in the coming moments.  Might I be spied by the Diako and taken prisoner?  Might I then be returned to Delos?  I did not wish that, even if these Diako were fairer folk than those of Iereia.  The woman officer then spoke to me and broke me of my reverie.  "Why did Iereia attack here?"
I answered, "We were told that they wished to bring knowledge of the Lords of Kobol to the Gnarglings, and that they were in competition with Diako for the same and these camps upon this beach."
She smiled and shook her head.  "Diako hath mines upon Gnarg.  We have no interest in the souls of the Gnarglings for we do not know if they have them.  The priests of Iereia desire what we mine, as well, so I believe their interest in this world is two-fold."
"And concealed," I said, "for there is much the priests conceal from their own people."
"And thus were you arrested, I wager."  I told her of my argument with the priests over their hypocrisies and she said, "The founder of Diako was once one of the priests of Iereia and he was forced out from that order and charged with blasphemy.  You are in good company.  But think not that the Iereians wish to bring only light to the Gnarglings.  If you explore this world, you will find places that had been Gnargling camps which are now little more than graveyards.  This was done by the order of their priests because these natives did not accept the worship of the Gods."  I asked then more about these Gnarglings and she said, "They are like to man and yet not.  Smaller and hirsute.  Simple in all ways.  They lack speech, yet the name of them and their world comes from their exclamation.  We know not what it means."  Her eyes became aflutter and she seemed near to sleep.  I roused her again and asked where they were and she directed me away from the shore and into the hills north of this place.  I thanked her and she fell unconscious, so I departed her side, taking from her a knife, her satchel, and her rifle.  I crept away from her and into the grass again, but I wanted to call attention to her presence so that her people might give her aid if it could be provided, and I raised the rifle into the air and fired.  I fled quickly yet I pray that some among the Diako reached her.
I climbed into the hills above the beach and was pursued, or so I thought, by some airship, for I heard it often as I walked that first day.  At night, I slept under a rocky lee after eating some of the dried fruit the officer had stowed in her satchel.  The following morning, I set out again and saw before midday the evidence of the Iereian effort to sway these primitives to the Gods.  If it had been a village, it was destroyed, for I saw only rings of rocks and some pieces of timber.  Bones of long-dead creatures were bound to nearby trees and boulders and I looked away for I had beheld enough death.  I heard again the distant sounds of airship engines and I continued on into the night for the way was lit by the shine of a moon, once a bright, yellow globe of its own, now cracked by some ancient and unknown calamity and ringed with its own debris.  For three days I trekked through the hills and mountains, running often to free myself of the perhaps imagined pursuit, when, in the early afternoon, I spied a sweeping plain before me bisected by a long and calm river, so I descended toward it and made my camp by a fallen tree.  The air was warm so I had no desire for fire, yet I remained as concealed as I may in the shadow of the tree.  I was terribly hungry and I ate the last of the officer's provisions and the last of the small fruits I had collected in the hills over the last few days.  I then bathed in the river, washing from me the remainder of that white paint, cold though the water may have been.  In the morning, I planned to scout the river for fish and look in the nearby groves for other fruit.  I closed my eyes and dwelled on my own motives.  Why did I seek the Gnarg?  As an unknown, would my presence among them be better than among the somewhat known variable of the Diako?  Had the Pale Swan left Delos?  If they had not, was there any way that they might find me on an entirely different world?  On this last question, I knew the answer to be in the negative, yet I was not depressed at this, for I retained hope that my crew returned to Virgo.
I was awakened in the early light of dawn by the touch of skin upon mine own.  I opened my eyes and saw before me a creature with wide eyes and a long face, fur encircling his head and forming a kind of suit, and incredibly long fingers.  I cried out in surprise and scrambled away, which gave the visitors a start, too.  They rolled from me and yelped only, "Gnarg!"
I had found these creatures at last and I sought to instill calm in them.  They did not speak to one another save for some small grunting and slight gestures of the hand and fingers.  I sat upright and held my arms outward from me with the palms raised so they might see that I carried no weapon.  They became immediately curious and approached me, running their four-knuckled fingers over my clothing and extremities.  The tips of their fingers were wide and soft and whilst they examined me thoroughly with their fingers, I studied their faces.  They appeared as old folk with wide noses.  Their jaws were long and their lips were in a constant half-smile.  Where there was not hair I saw wrinkles, and their eyes were larger than mine and mostly dark brown, though one of the Gnarglings had fairer irises.  Their heads in profile appeared more oblong than a man's, so I supposed this spoke to a larger brain, but this is only speculation.  
After a few minutes of the examination, they stood erect at little more than a meter tall, on average.  While our hands, when placed at our sides, reach the tops of our thighs, theirs reach nearer to their knees.  Their feet were longer than mine and bare, of course, though covered in hair like most of their bodies.  Of their odor, I can say only that they smelled of the soil and some fair hint of musk as one might have after a day's work.  They were not foul, at any rate.  I could only descry females among them by the swelling of four breasts upon the chests of two of the six Gnarglings.  There were no young that I could see and I believed that this was a scouting party of some sort.  
The one nearest me reached his hand out and lifted mine.  He began to pull and walk away and I asked him to wait so I might gather my things.  At the sound of my voice, the Gnarglings gurgled in something akin to laughter and looked at each other with wide eyes.  I lifted the satchel and rifle and moved toward them, but the leader reached up to my mouth with his finger.  I smiled and said, "You have never heard speech before."  They gurgled again and two of them applauded by clapping their hands after a long sweep of their arms.  "I should very much like to try and teach you."
I took the leader's hand and I was led down to the river.  There, a few of them entered the soft current and splashed water against themselves before emerging and shaking.  The leader took me to the edge and then formed a bowl with his hands to scoop a portion of the water.  He looked at me and extended his lips outward and loudly sipped.  I realized then that he was trying to show me what to do.  I nodded and copied his movements and loudly sipped the cool water, which led the leader to gurgle and clap as his mates had.  I then reached into the satchel and removed the Diako water bottle.  After I took out the cork, I drank from it and the Gnarglings gathered around to watch.  With it emptied, I dipped it into the river to fill it and gave it to the leader.  He poured some to the ground and then some into his mouth.  The others clapped and the leader stretched his hand to me and probed for the cork.  I gave it to him and he quickly put it in place before he turned it upside down and saw that the water did not spill.  He gurgled and gave the bottle back to me, ignoring the pleas from the other Gnarglings that they should be allowed to examine it.  The leader grunted once and began to walk along the river and all of the Gnarglings began to follow.  I walked by them, as well, and one of the females reached out and took my hand.  As she held it, her long fingers reached toward my wrist and I am certain she was feeling my pulse.  I believed perhaps this was a kind of social interaction common to them.  
The sun was now fully risen and the leader, whom I named Alfred after Virgo's great king, took the party near a grove of trees and a tree that had fallen across a thinner portion of the river.  They walked across quickly and with ease and then turned to see how I fared.  I was somewhat slower, but I crossed successfully and was greeted with a few Gnargling hands placed upon my arms and chest.  Alfred turned away and led us toward the edge of a forest at the base of a hill and a different Gnargling took my hand and they, too, felt my pulse.  
I had spent less than an hour with these creatures and I felt utterly safe and at peace.  I thanked the Gods that the Iereians had not found this particular group and I prayed that they would not be found by them.
After a walk through the forest of trees and tall bushes, we emerged in a clearing and I saw the true scope of their settlement.  Logs formed the foundations of their huts and dried branches and leaves formed walls and roofs.  Stones were placed in rings at various places around the site and I did not know their purpose at this point, though I would discover it later.  Alfred took me by the hand and led me past several of the small huts and I beheld the width of this place and saw that this was not some mere glen.  The forest acted as a shield for this open, green valley beneath the stone face of the hill to the north, and there were some thirty or forty huts which were organized into rings all around me with these rings of stones at the center of each group of huts.  At the center of the village itself, concentric circles of stones were placed around what might have been a fire at one point, but it no longer burned.  Beyond the huts, I spied circles of green and red leaves sprouting from the ground.  There were taller circles of green plants from which dangled yellow vegetables.  I glimpsed orange and red dangling from the trees in the forest, a portion of which I now believed to be an orchard.  My mouth fell open and I realized that these "primitive" creatures were farming.  
Alfred led me to the center of the village where the concentric circles of stones were placed.  He stood at the side of the ashen firewood and grunted loudly into the air and flailed his arms all about.  I was standing by him and another Gnargling brought a large stone to my side and placed it at the center beside the dead fire.  Alfred then touched my rear and touched the stone, so I sat.  I looked out across the village and saw dozens of Gnarglings emerging from their huts or from around their circles of crops.  They approached the concentric circles and began to sit upon each of the stones and I now understood their purpose.  Alfred stood and walked around me, making a few sounds, but most often remaining quiet.  He ran his fingers around me and then lifted my right arm and held his right hand against mine.  After he, too, felt my pulse, he stepped away and sat on the sole unoccupied stone nearby.  One by one, Gnarglings came to me and examined me much as the scouting party had earlier in the morning.  I saw then young Gnarglings, though they appeared young for they lacked as many wrinkles and were a fair bit smaller than the rest.  A couple of females examined me while cradling their own children and I smiled at them widely for they were adorable as all infants appear.  One mother took the small hand of her young child and placed it against my wrist.  In feeling my pulse, the little one looked at its mother and gurgled in delight.  The smiles of the Gnarglings were wider and more pleasing than most I had seen in life for their faces provided a larger canvas.  
Once all of the Gnarglings had the chance to examine me, Alfred rose again and he placed his fingers upon my mouth.  I then asked, "Do you want me to speak?"  A couple of them cried out, "Gnarg!" and many others gurgled in delight.  They clapped in their way and many came nearer to watch my mouth closely.  In seeing so many so near, I said, "I can tell you a great many tales, though you would understand nary a word."  They were again pleased and most departed, allowing others the chance to come near.  I spoke again and again until Alfred stepped forward and took my hand.
He led me to a place in the grass near a smaller ring of nine stones, in the midst of a ring of five huts.  Alfred and a few other Gnarglings stood in an empty space between two huts and, with their feet, they drew lines in the grass and soil.  Soon, some of them left and later returned with logs, branches, and bundles of leaves and straw.  I understood then that they were about to construct a hut for me, so I stepped in and helped with the placement of the logs.  In seeing that the base of the hut would prove too small, I raised my hands and forced the Gnarglings to stop.  I lay upon the grass and pointed to my feet which were now far beyond the confines of the lines they had drawn.  Thankfully, Alfred and the others understood and they revised their lines in the grass and gathered additional logs and branches.  They moved with exceptional speed and the structure was completed in perhaps only an hour.  The entire village gathered around as I entered it for the first time and sat there on my bed of leaves and straw.  I emerged, leaving the satchel and rifle inside, and thanked them all with my words, and then I took Alfred's hand, allowing his fingers to feel my pulse while I searched for his.  Once that was done, I knelt and embraced him.  I do not know why I did that, for I have ever been a man of restrained emotions.  My journeys had tested me, for certain, and here I found a people who accepted me immediately and gave me a home, equal to theirs in every way.  I was weary and their acceptance was a comfort.  My embrace of Alfred was warm and long, and when I raised my head, I saw that the entire village had embraced each other and us.  I do not know if this was a practice of theirs or if they had simply emulated me, but these very social creatures seemed to appreciate it.
The crowd dissipated shortly after and a female brought to me what I can only describe as a kind of blanket.  It appeared to have been made by the threshing of some fibrous river reed which was then gathered and braided lightly.  It appeared rough to my eyes, but when I felt it, it was exceedingly soft.  I thanked her with the customary handhold and pulse-touch, and I then placed it in my new home.  Alfred returned and he held his hand toward me.  Once I took it, he led me throughout the rest of the village.  I believed at the time it was a kind of tour, but I knew its true purpose by the end.  I was shown the pile of construction materials and a pair of Gnarglings who were binding bundles of straw, branches, and leaves.  I was then taken to their market, I supposed, which was a larger hut with piles of fruits and vegetables stacked in various places.  A Gnargling was inside, inspecting them and placing several on a long, woven tarp.  Outside of the market, another was using a stone to hollow out a dried gourd.  I looked around and saw several of these gourd bowls near the huts and elsewhere in the village.  Alfred took me next into their fields where Gnarglings were inspecting their crops and removing insects from them.  The circles of each plot varied in size depending on the type of food being grown, with the taller stalks in a smaller circle and the smaller ones in a larger circle.  I noticed then that the ground between each plot indicated that plants had been grown months before there, meaning that the Gnarglings had even accomplished the notion of crop rotation.  We stood at the edge of their crops and looked back toward the village and I again marveled at these creatures and their lives.  Just hours before, I might have regarded these things as little more than odd woodland creatures, and yet they mastered so much and engendered such trust.  
Alfred looked toward me and formed a fist with his left hand before grinding it into his right palm.  On Virgo, such a sight may presage the onset of violence, but I sensed nothing of the sort here.  Instead, as we walked back and I saw all the Gnarglings at work with one nearest me ploughing lines in the soil with a pointed branch, I knew that I was expected to help.  I said that I understood and went to work at once gathering suitable logs for the construction of other huts.  Once I tired of that, I sat and bundled straw and leaves with other Gnarglings for some time.  As I worked, I hummed a tune and they were both amazed.  They crawled next to me and watched my mouth as I hummed and, finally, I exaggerated my movements to show them how to do it.  They took their breaths and I could see their throats twitch as they struggled to find their muscles.  Perhaps they had no true vocal chords, so I placed my hand lightly upon one's throat and rubbed, for that is where I assumed the vocal chords to be.  To my surprise, the Gnargling took a deep breath and gave a brief, monotonal hum.  He gurgled with laughter and his companion clapped before he leapt to my side and took my hand, placing my fingers against his own throat.  Again, I performed the exaggerated movements and rubbed his neck, and again, this Gnargling did as his friend and emitted a short hum.  I laughed and clapped with them as they began to hum on their own, gasping in great amounts of air, stretching their necks, and then giving off a single tone.  After a few attempts, one managed to hold it for longer and then it became a contest to see who could do it the longest.  By this point, the workplace had become crowded with onlookers who then began to try on their own to hum.  One of the Gnarglings touched a female's throat, after which she took a deep breath and hummed on her own.  Once several were doing it, I realized that they were nearly all different musical notes, and the possibilities of a kind of choir flooded my mind.
The sun neared its setting and our musical troupe disbanded for the center of the village.  For the previous hour or so, the churning of my stomach brought curious Gnargs to my belly and I desired food, but I had no concept of their customs or meal times.  Thankfully, with the setting of the sun, it had become time for supper.  With my provisions now depleted, I was wholly dependent on these creatures for whatever sustenance they might provide, though I feared after its taste and composition.  The Gnargling who had earlier been gathering foods in the market dragged the tarp into the open and around the concentric circles of stones where all the inhabitants now sat.  It seemed to me that none were greedy and all took no more than three small fruits and vegetables, or perhaps only two if they were larger.  I was terribly hungry for my rationed provisions had ended the night before and I had eaten naught thus far today, yet I took only three small samples of different foods and bowed toward the Gnargling server before examining them.  I gazed then toward the dead campfire and wished I had a pot, for I was certain that some of these would be better cooked.  I ate what appeared to be an orange berry and found it delicious.  I then tried a leafy vegetable and though tough, there was a slight buttery quality to it that I thought may taste best in a sauce.  The third was a small red gourd and I probed along its top and seam for a way to insert my thumbnail to pry it apart.  A Gnargling beside me saw my struggle and took my left hand to draw my attention.  She had one of the gourds as well and she shewed me how to lightly bash the top of it against the corner of her sitting stone between her legs.  I nodded and did the same and, of course, her method worked.  I said thank you to her and she responded with a brief hum.  Several of the other Gnarglings responded to her hum with ones of their own, while the others among the villagers who were not present at the earlier humming lessons were stunned and got up from their stones to examine their comrades as they shared the new trick.
I sat and ate the flesh and insides of the gourd and, though the seeds were bitter, the rest was tasty.  I watched these people sharing the knowledge I had given unto them just an hour before and I saw the way it transformed them already.  On a sudden, I felt a dread.  I feared how I might have contaminated these people who were progressing well without me until this date, and then I feared how I might contaminate them further.  After the destruction I had caused in my journeys, both wittingly and not, I felt a sense of loss in knowing that these most unspoiled of any I had met were now spoiled.  I thought then a prayer to Lord Apollo, and as I neared its end, I recalled my visit with Him on Kobol and His words to me.  He spoke of how the Gods guided humanity and let them rule themselves and then He exhorted all of us to live according to the example of the Gods.  I would not presume to elevate myself to His place, but I now saw an opportunity to guide and not interfere.  To aid and not impede.  The Gnarglings had been contaminated by my presence and there was naught to be done for that, yet I could be with them as they lived their lives and help them along the way, should they require it.
About me, the meal had ended and the Gnarglings were laughing and humming among themselves.  In the light of the broken, yellow moon, I knew not how much time we had until the evening was made dark, but the Gnarglings sought to enjoy it all.  I saw a great many holding hands with each other as they sat and hummed or gurgled.  At first I believed they were mates until I recalled how important handholding was to all of their interactions.  I stood up from my stone and looked at all who sat about me on the concentric rocks.  I then sang the very old "Hymn of Cynemære," and drew their amazement again.

"Now we honor, the Gods of heaven,
The might of Their power, and the glory of Their purpose,
And the love of the Lord of Lords,
As They, eternal, established worlds of wonder,
That They created for all Their children,
From Olympus beyond, the Gods above,
The Guardians of mankind,
Eternal creators, came colonies for man,
Homes for all, from Kobol afore."

I sang as well as I have ever and the Gnarglings were drawn toward me.  By the song's end, many had placed their hands against me and felt the vibrations in my torso.  When I was finished, I lowered my head and some of them clapped or hummed in response.  One came to me and touched my throat and I said, "I will sing again later."  He smiled at the sensation and departed.  
Gnarglings I did not recognize took me by my hand and led me toward the huts, concealed somewhat in the forest's clearing.  I was taken then to the ring of stones outside my own hut yet when I began to enter it, they grunted and pulled on me.  I faced them and saw that they sat on the stones outside their huts' entrances and awaited me to do the same.  When I did, all of them linked their hands so that their palms rested against their neighbours' and their fingertips against their wrists.  My hands were a fair bit smaller, so I did as best as I could to match the pose and I finally did feel the pulse in the arms of my neighbours.  We sat quietly and still and they simply breathed slowly and relaxed.  I looked from one to the other and noted differences in their hair or their eyes so I might recognize my new neighbours in the future, but I fully enjoyed the simple communion of our small neighbourhood and the meditation before the onset of sleep.  We sat in that manner for many minutes; I could not say how many, though I am certain it was less than an hour.  The moon moved behind the trees above and with the darkness, one by one, the Gnarglings got up from their stones and crawled the one meter or so behind them into their huts.  I did the same and rested my head upon the Diako satchel and covered myself with the reed blanket.  So content and calmed was I by the evening that I drifted to sleep soon after and rested well.
In the morning when the sky remained largely dark, though the sun rose in the west to my amazement, I was awakened by the sound of a grunt by my door.  It was a fair-eyed female from my neighbourhood and I crawled out from my hut to see that the others were gathered again in their places along the small circle.  I did not wish to meditate again so soon after awakening, yet I complied and touched palms and felt the pulses of those next to me.  Within a minute, however, it was complete and the Gnarglings stood and walked toward the center of the village.  I followed and watched as they all stopped by the market where a female handed out a few small fruits to each Gnargling who passed.  I took a few myself and ate them quickly before I spied Alfred at the center of the village where he was gathering others to him.  He saw me and came toward me, quickly taking my hand and leading the party of seven out into the forest.  I believed I had joined their scouting party, though I did not know for what they scouted.
We returned to the river, crossed it, and I saw soon after the tree by which I had rested two nights before.  We walked past it and along the bank while the Gnarglings' heads searched in every direction.  I looked for anything that seemed curious and the thought came to me that perhaps they sought for their fellow Gnarglings who had been slain by the Iereians.  I tried to calculate the distance and realized we were many kilometers away from that village, so I did not believe that was the goal.  The sun had fully risen when one of the party grunted and ran ahead of the others.  All of us then followed and I soon spied the source of interest.  Upon a hillside near the river, three large, black birds were standing.  I then believed that this was a sort of hunt though I had not seen any meat in the village.  One of the birds turned their red heads toward us as we came near and the lead Gnargling raised his long arms high and waved them about.  The three birds leapt from the hillside and spread their wide wings, taking to the sky.  I marveled at their size for a moment until I heard a cry from the Gnarglings I had not yet heard.
It was a kind of squeal but I heard anguish in it.  I looked where the birds had been and saw there a Gnargling lying upon the rock.  The rest of the party stood over it while the one who ran to the birds first held the Gnargling's limp hand.  Alfred took the other and, after a moment, both cried out again and walked away from the body.  They stood nearby and grumbled, flinging their arms out from themselves and toward the ground.  After a moment, they took each others' hands and held them in the customary fashion in a ring over the body.  Alfred looked toward me and held his hand up.  I took it and joined in the circle, looking down at the deceased Gnargling.  It was a female and youthful in appearance, though I dare not guess how young.  A claw mark stretched across her upper torso and reminded me of the swipe of some bear or predator.  A large portion of flesh had been removed from her right shoulder and abdomen, likely from the animal and also from the carrion birds dispatched earlier.  In hearing their sounds and seeing their demeanor, I felt true sympathy for them.  One, I believed, was the female's father and after our circle was broken, he again held her hand and his fingers danced about her wrist in search for a pulse that would not be felt again.
The group lifted the girl's body and struggled to carry her away from the hillside, so I approached them and bade them lower her.  They didn't understand at first, but they did, and I removed my shirt to use as a kind of bandage for her side and shoulder.  I wrapped her tightly and feeling the slight weight of her – no more than five stone – I decided that I would carry her myself.  We were some three kilometers or so distant from the village, therefore I knew I would have to take a rest at some time.  I lifted her up and carried her away from the hill and her father remained by my side and kept his hand on her arm.  The journey was tedious but I needed to rest only twice before the crossing of the river and our entry to the forest.  One of our party ran ahead and I heard a great commotion as we drew nearer.  When we emerged near the center, we were met by all of the Gnarglings and they gathered 'round as I gently lay the girl on the ground and removed my shirt from her body.
The father stayed by her and her mother came near to him and did the same as he had at the site.  After feeling her hands and smelling her face, the mother sat with the father and rested her hand on his chest and she emitted the same plaintive squeal that I heard before.  The father then hummed as he held his mate's hand and stroked her hair with his other hand.  I began to weep, seeing my fresh contribution to their society used in such a way.  I sniffed and wiped tears from my face and a Gnargling near me saw and touched the wetness on my cheeks.  She was amazed and bade another come near.  They felt and were intrigued by my tears but I had no desire to distract them from the death of the child, so I stood and dried my eyes as best I could.
While the parents sat by her, all the members of the village walked around her body and took her hands in theirs.  Once that was complete, a female brought a blanket to Alfred and, to my astonishment, they then wrapped the child in it, braided it closed at each end and the center, lifted her up, and carried her away from the village.  All the Gnarglings followed them into the forest and after we emerged, the body was taken to the edge of the river.  Four of them waded knee-deep into its current and placed her in the water.  Her body drifted and floated easily upon the surface and began to flow downstream.  Perhaps it is some function of the fibrous river reed they use for their blankets that prevented it from becoming immediately waterlogged, but the body floated away a great distance before she disappeared beneath the water at last.
Slowly, the Gnarglings and I returned to the village, and as I walked, I thought again about these people.  After what I had witnessed, the Diako must be incorrect.  The Gnarglings have souls, for they feel and mourn and laugh and celebrate as any among mankind.  The Iereians would not fare well in their attempts to persuade their worship of the Gods, for they were too simple for such concepts at this time.  Yet, for the differences between us, the Gnarglings were more welcoming of me than I had been welcomed by most.  They accepted me immediately and created for me a home in their village.  I felt love from them and around them in all things that they did.  To the eye of the ignorant, these may appear only to be savage animals, yet in their midst, I was the most savage of all.  I vowed then that I would guide the Gnarglings gently and, more importantly, protect them from those who would do them harm.
In the following days, I used moments of solitude to write this account upon the pages of the Diako officer's journal which I found in her satchel.  If time and paper allow, I may rewrite my earlier accounts as those now seem lost aboard the Pale Swan and if I can steel myself to relive those darker times.
For a further two weeks I lived among the Gnarglings.  They bade me talk and sing often and I gladly complied.  They were intrigued by my hairless chest and I felt many hands upon me often each day as they remained fascinated by my exposed flesh.  The nights became cooler and I was glad to have my jacket, stained though it was by the white paint of the Iereians.  I knew that I would soon have to find a way to ask for a second blanket for my sleep at night, therefore I decided to learn the artistry of it myself.  My daily work was spent at various places around the village, often in the fields tending the crops as the harvest neared.  I made bowls and found that relaxing, as I also found the making of the blankets.  I spent much of the most recent days with a pair of Gnarglings, one male and one female, in the hut where blankets, unthreshed reeds, and threshed reeds were stored.  I threaded and braided nearly one entire blanket in a week, and though it was clumsy in appearance, I felt pride in my achievement.  The Gnarglings were able to complete one in barely three days, and so I set myself to do it again, but more quickly and artfully.
At about this time, the coolness of the nights drew more demand for blankets and I saw that even some non-mated Gnarglings were sleeping together in their huts for warmth.  I had not yet been so propositioned, but the chill was nearing enough to force me to consider it.  In the evening on one day, I decided to gather dry wood and straw and I placed them at the center of the village circles, casting aside the ashen remnants of their previous fire, which I assumed must have been created by a strike of lightning.  The officer's satchel contained flints and such for her weapon, but it also carried a kit for fires, a large piece of flint attached by chain to a curved loop of steel.  With a crowd of curious Gnarglings around me, I struck the flint with the loop and caused sparks to fly toward the kindling.  A few of them cried out in their characteristic exclamation of surprise, "Gnarg!" while others gurgled, clapped, or hummed.  On the fourth strike, some of the straw began to smoke and caught light.  Shortly after, the logs were engulfed and Alfred put his hands on my back and patted me.  I faced them and saw that the village had gathered and they moved beyond their sitting stones, clustering closer to the flames.  Many of them held one another and watched the fire with their perpetual smiles, their eyes gazing upward on occasion as some spark drifted above on the currents of warm air before fading in the starry night.  
The following day, I saw Alfred and others constructing a new hut near the center of the village and I assisted them.  Once it was complete, the Gnarglings gathered inside it bundles of straw, pieces of wood, and leaves, and I now understood it to be a shelter for the collection of materials for the fire.  Some of the leaves and logs were not sufficiently dry, so I tried to demonstrate to them the difference between wet and dry wood.  I was not certain that they understood until I took a green leaf, shook my head, and threw it away and then got a dried brown leaf, crumbled it, and smiled as I mimicked the striking of my flint upon it.  They then removed the greener leaves and straw from the hut and replaced them with drier components.  It wasn't until then that I recalled the old play and said to myself, "I conferred the gift of fire."  I then prayed that Jupiter would not punish me with the torment of an eagle to devour my liver.
With the fire tending among my duties on cool nights, I maintained my daily duties in the blanket hut.  On the first day of my third blanket, I heard a familiar sound, yet one that frightened me.  It was the sound of a vessel, perhaps an airship or spacecraft, and its powerful engines.  The Gnarglings ceased their work and wandered toward the open area in the midst of the village, and I joined them.  All of our heads were cast skyward and I saw then a wisp of smoke that blew high above and bent with the wind.  The fire had been maintained in the night by some Gnargling for fear of losing it, and thus did it smolder even now.  I cursed myself for having drawn others to this place and I considered retreating to my hut to there gather the rifle.  The Gnarglings, however, warily walked into the forest so they might look toward the river where the craft had seemingly settled.  I followed and saw the gray shape at a distance, obscured by trees.  The villagers hummed and grunted among themselves and Alfred came to me with his hand extended.  I took it, and he led me to the fore of the group, nearer the edge of the forest.  I first beheld humans walking about outside of their vessel and free of the trees, I now saw that this was the Pale Swan.
I was dumbfounded and I ran from the forest and into the open air.  The members of my crew were at first shocked and then elated to find me, and we embraced there outside of the vessel.  Goody, Wybert, Wade, and Bently were all who remained, and I told them then of the fate of Lester.  I saw fear upon their faces and turned to see the Gnarglings emerging slowly from the woods, so I bade my companions to have no fear of these peaceful folk.  I explained their social ways quickly and told them they greet each other with the holding of hands and feeling of one another's pulses.  I introduced Alfred to them and, after their initial shock at seeing such an odd sort of people, they warmed to them quickly.  One Gnargling touched Goody's throat and she was surprised, which led me to explain humming.  All of my crew then hummed which led to all of the Gnarglings to laugh and hum in response.  
We returned through the forest to the village and sat in the center circles while I told them of mine and Lester's detention and then deployment here, yet I was more curious as to how they had managed to find me, given that this was a world apart from Delos.  Wybert said she managed to return to the ship and they fled before the white-painted soldiers of the Iereian priests could detain them, yet they did not give up hope, settling on a nearby island and journeying into the city with supplies of food so they might purchase influence among the downtrodden gray and brown folk of that city.  After a fashion, Goody and Wybert learned enough of the language to inquire about a priest who had been arrested, for so the people of Iereia would have viewed Lester with his dark skin.  In a few days, word returned that we were being held at a military camp and their informant saw us deployed onto vessels that went into space.  It seems that Gnarg is the only world to which Iereian vessels travel, so the course of the Pale Swan was an easy one to set.  They landed at the site of our battle some days after its completion and were greeted warily by the Diako there, but in seeing that my people were not of Iereia, they were welcomed.  After asking about us, the crew were shown the body of Lester, largely painted white but with his skin exposed where the blasphemer's mask had covered his face.  The Diako knew naught of me, and so the crew began a search of the surrounding hills and plains, stopping here only because of the smoke from our fire.
I was aghast that they would devote such effort to retrieve us, yet I thanked them.  I asked after Lester's body and Wade said it was aboard and ready for transport to Virgo.  Goody then asked me if I was prepared to go and I hesitated.  I had eschewed all hope of leaving this world and reuniting with the crew of the Pale Swan.  I had lived with the Gnarglings for just over two weeks and yet I felt a peace and serenity here that I had not felt in many months and perhaps years.  I asked them to give me the day to consider it and they were surprised.  As I write this, they are enjoying the hospitality of the Gnarglings at the setting of the sun.
It is the morning and my sleep was restless.  I thought of Virgo and the life I might abandon and judged it against the life I was creating here, the work I was performing here.  Not only had I been educating the Gnarglings, but they had been educating me on the simple pleasures of life and the splendid joys to be found in nature.  I found the former wanting and thus had come to my decision.
The crew slept aboard the vessel at night and returned in the morning.  I told them of my decision to remain and they were to a one shocked, but I bade them read the journals of my previous journeys so that they might understand my desire for such a change.  I then requested that they bring me my clothes and such from my quarters, as well as some few pots or pans that I might introduce the Gnarglings to the joy of cooking.  Keeping only my journals, Goody brought to me the remainder and I stowed it all in my hut.  They are now having their midday repast with my hosts, my neighbours, as I write the final lines of this journal.  
I have instructed Goody that these writings should be taken to Virgo and somehow distributed to all that they may gain some measure of the lessons I have in my time.  I wish that I might send word in years hence of my time with the Gnarglings so I might convey all I will undoubtedly learn, but it is not to be.  I will remain with these fine people and be at peace as we are with each other.  I hope to share the love of the Gods with them in whatever manner they may accept it, and I entreat all who have read this and have but a tincture of desire to better their worlds to follow the example of the Gods as Lord Apollo commanded, and also the example of the Gnarglings in their enjoyment of the land and their welcoming of all people.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS & CONTACTS

First off, many thanks to Ronald D. Moore, David Eick and everyone else involved with Battlestar Galactica and Caprica.  Needless to say, their work is among the greatest ever produced for television and has been inspiring.  Also, thanks to Glenn Larson for creating the original series, giving rise to the whole universe.
Thanks also to Bear McCreary and his gang of musicians.  His soundtrack for the Galactica-verse, while fourteen hours long, provided many weeks and months of enjoyment and mood setting.  
Thanks also to the following authors and their books, some of which may have been quoted directly in my work: Etymological Dictionary of Proto-Germanic by Guus Kroonen, Athenaze: An Introduction to Ancient Greek (Maurice Balme & Gilbert Lawall), Wheelock's Latin (Frederic Wheelock), Classical Myth (Barry Powell), 1,000 Years of Annoying the French (Stephen Clarke), Efforts of Missionaries Among the Savages (W. Winwood Reade; 1865), Hausa Superstitions and Customs (Arthur Tremearne), "Lesions of Transorbital Lobotomy" by Dr. Walter Freeman & Dr. Jonathan Williams, "Mental Health and Environmental Exposure" released by ICEH, The Languages of Japan by Masayoshi Shibatani, "The British Empire, 1870-1914: A Waste of Money?" by Avner Offer (1993), Selected Works by Mao Tse Tung, "Monotheism and Polytheism" by Jan Assmann (2004), "Heart of My Heart" by Will H. Fox (1891), The Science of Battlestar Galactica (Patrick DiJusto & Kevin Grazier - thanks also to Kevin for occasionally answering my questions personally), and Beyond Caprica: A Visitors Pocket Guide to the Twelve Colonies (Bob Harris).
Website-wise, several sites were very helpful, including BehindTheName.com, BabyNames.ch, the detailed maps available at NationMaster.com; Wikipedia.org, BattlestarWiki.org (and BattlestarWikiClone.org), SpringfieldSpringfield.co.uk for show transcripts, Anglo-Norman.net, OldEnglishTranslator.co.uk, Nairaland.com, SanskritDictionary.com, IndianHinduNames.com, HellenicGods.org, SpokenSanskrit.org, and many more that I may have forgotten.
And thanks to my many readers who have encouraged me to keep going.

Visit ety3rd.com for more books and information.

Want to contact me?
Email: ety3rd@ety3rd.com
Twitter: @ety3rd
Facebook: Facebook.com/ety3rd
Instagram: @ety3rd
Blog: ety3rd.blogspot.com 

Tipjar: https://paypal.me/ety3rd


Other books by Edward T. Yeatts III:
Lords of Kobol – Book One: Apotheosis
Lords of Kobol – Book Two: Descent
Lords of Kobol – Book Three: The Final Exodus
Lords of Kobol – Prelude: Of Gods and Titans

Colonies of Kobol – Volume One: Foundation
Colonies of Kobol – Volume Three: Revolution

Displaced
Diary of a Second Life
8 Days
The Art of Death

Sexcalation
The Red Kick
