
Others Speak
“India's… counterculture is symbolized in the Prakalpana Movement …Vattacharja Chandan is a central figure who contrived the movement. Prakalpana fiction is a fusion of prose, poetry, play, essay, and pictures. An example of a Prakalpana work is Chandan's bilingual Cosmosphere”—  isahitya.com

“...Which includes Chandan’s...Cosmosphere—arguably the most interesting text…” —  New Hope International Review 

“I enjoyed the most….‘Aurora on the River Gour’, .... interesting nonetheless”.  —  The New Pages Zine Rack


CosmospherE


Universion

Epical Fiction Prakalpana

Vattacharja Chandan

Cover Design : Vattacharja Chandan

Copyright 2018 Vattacharja Chandan

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. You may share it with your friends and encourage others to download their own copy and share it. It may be reproduced, copied and distributed only for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in this complete and original form only, for promotion on a limited period of time to reach more people. If you enjoyed this book, won't you be kind enough to leave your review of this book. Thank you for your support for this book, which remains the copyrighted property of the author. All rights reserved.




Dedication

At the bosom of the bloom
may who smell the reclusive love
spell the soul to permeate allover
To You  for  ever



CosmospherE

Sphere 1 +2 +3

DeaRSpherE + TeaRSpherE + QueeRSpherE

Table of Contents
Chapter 1: Incubation
Chapter 2: Solitary Outcry
Chapter 3: Universion
Chapter 4: Risen World
Chapter 5: Dreamatic Rendezvous
Chapter 6: Aurora on the River Gour
Chapter 7: Specter of Terroria
Chapter 8: Faraway Milkyway
Chapter 9: Unbidden Reflexion
Chapter 10: Nectar of Extimes
Chapter 11: DeviationTimes
Chapter 12: Rhymes of Times
Chapter 13: Lassefair Times
Chapter 14: Contension Times
Chapter 15: Diversion Times
Chapter 16: Harmonious Times
Chapter 17: Wayout Times
Chapter 18: Oblivious Times
Chapter 19: Rifting Times
Chapter 20: Drifting Times
Chapter 21: Rearsphere Dearsphere
Chapter 22: Hinderland 1 
Chapter 23: Hinderland 2 
Chapter 24: Hinderland 3 
Chapter 25: Hinderland 4 
Chapter 26: Hinderland 5 
Chapter 27: Unleashed Land 1 
Chapter 28: Unleashed Land 2 
Chapter 29: Unleashed Land 3 
Chapter 30: Unleashed Land 4 
Chapter 31: Unleashed Land 5 
Chapter.32: Nomans Land 
Chapter 33: Swinging Tsunami 
Chapter 34: Invasive Waversion 
Chapter 35: Orbiting the Preaxis 
Chapter 36: Unveiling the Deadmate 
Chapter 37: Soulistic Wavesession
Chapter.38: Cheerless Cheervirus
Chapter 39: Hostile Crosstides 
Chapter 40: Plunged Plight Fighters Might 
Chapter 41: Sudden Inundation 
Chapter 42: Submerged Excursion
Chapter 43: Aboriginal Sagevision 
Chapter 44: Confluential Riptides
Chapter 45: Retrosphere Tearsphere
Chapter 46: Alien Spacebuster
Chapter 47: Prying Prowler
Chapter 48: Run Rat Race 
Chapter 49: Settlers at Vudeep 
Chapter 50: Barred World Blurred 
Chapter 51: Fierce Cheers
Chapter 52: Trail of Tears
Chapter 53: Flanders Lovelanders
Chapter 54: Traversing on Artmosphere
Chapter 55: Picnic Kicknick
Chapter 56: Wizards Wane Wonders Win
Chapter 57: Extrinsic Player
Chapter 58: Animal vs Manimal 
Chapter 59: Bear Vs Bull
Chapter 60: Chill Call
Chapter 61: Kill Call
Chapter 62: Rising Africana 
Chapter 63: Gender Bender 
Chapter 64: Dreadend Desert Dust 
Chapter 65: Freewheeling Eurotica
Chapter 66: Bonjour Je Suis Paris
Chapter 67: Tracking Latino Trail 
Chapter 68: Heartmate at Other End
Chapter 69: Roving Heartland in Disguise 
Chapter 70: Dousing Deluge 
Chapter 71: Spacific SpurNova 
Chapter 72: Darning Dear Heartmosphere
Chapter 73: AuRevoir BangaSudha 
Chapter 74: Spacefarer Zer0Ferrier 
Chapter 75: Zerostan Queersphere
Afterword
About Vattacharja Chandan
Discover Books by Vattacharja Chandan
Connect With Vattacharja Chandan


(((((((((((()))))))))))


C o s m o s p h e r E 1

D e a R S p h e r E



Perpetual times never sever

Unseen to anybody
my silent stint to ever haunt
beautilization in dear sphere
What where nowhere
spell in cosmosphere

1.1
Chapter 1: Incubation


Uncited Outset 
== Ghost! Oh You host the ghost in the room? Funtastic! I’ll like to stay with them in the same room. The visitor opts.
== {The ice-cold corpses of a love-embedded young partners locked in warm embrace— who were the last boarders of this room a few months ago—still haunting the maître d’ hotel Luna Paul in the reception}. After a suicide in the room, there’s that fuss of ghost. some boarders think any sound from the room is in fact the sound of loitering of the exasperated thirsty spirits. So boarders avoid this room. Another thing, be ware of pranking monkeys prowling. may enter the room.. So u may choose another room now. Yet, if you so choose, do stay so long you want to stay in this room.    But don’t blame us for this room later. Okay? This room is the cheapest of the lot. Still Biswapur is an obscure place. few tourists come.  it’s new inn. opened some months back. still underprepared. renovation not yet complete. Luna says, gladly welcoming the visitor with a bit of surprise for the visitant’s choice of the room.
== Don’t worry.  am takin’ this garret deliberately.  monkeys won’t harm me. rather some people are more monkish than these distant relatives of them.  then tho i ain’t eager to meet ghosts, atmas or spirit tirits, but if it so happens — no harm. it’ll be an experience!  i like this garret not only becuz it’s rent is lesser, but also for apart from the adjacent roof & balcony, from this room even lying you see the free sea — which can’t be seen from the other rooms. the roof houses no other room / to presume / none lives in the solitude, i need now. 
Answers the someone erratic writer opting this room, after stepping in this inn for resting some days, to plan a piece of writing. As he cerebrates:

If we fail to plan aptly
the plan will fail us inaptly

Insite
.... The garret. background  twilight.  a few days later.  on the drab wall a pink glow of day end. a circular perpetual calendar hung on wall by the writer.  In the room 1 lies/ opens eyes / & the ocean on 3 sides.  Aside the bedstead magenta colored fauteuil, telephone, books and papers dumped on the table.  The ocean from the table again.  all pervasive.  vast.  profound.
At a corner of room:
.... An earthen pitcher. a glass covering its neck. a kingsize cosychair.  a table.
On the wall above: 2 olden life sized portraits in oil like the typical pictures of king Harishchandra & queen Shaibya one findeth in the Ramayan and Mahavarat.  At the bottom of the pictures, the names inscribed in the delicately crafted frames: Maharaja Durjoy Singh Deb Bahadur & Maharani Ratnaprova Debi.  They might be the erstwhile zeminder owner of this house and his lady.  His Highness weareth: jeweled turban, crimson royal robes with sword &c &c &c.  Her Highness weareth: crown, tikli on the forehead, once-glittering golden embroidered dotty sari blouse, few rounds of precious necklace + thick waistlace highlighting the waistland —an inviting central province of her body which probably harbored frequent sexuberant strains with bon heur ……. nope, it is implausible for the garreteer to depicture her.  Better our readers make her up as they like.  The 2 paintings are damaged in places by attack of fungus.  Only their smile shineth — of narcissism.  Now spiders play trapeze on the pics.  On 1 side see thru windows [][] arbor. cars in portico.  street.  reception.  lawn.  flowers.  gate.  lampposts.  hotels & restaurants visible.
.... 2 other sides after window show far s-p-r-e-a-d shadow of soil conserving casuarinas & Akashmoni forest.  a debarrened dune ahead.  then the beach.  some boats and nets squatting.  millions of red crab on beach.  endangered.  cautious.  sound of foot prompts them to home into their holes.  again come back.  the beach bows the sea.  the expanse of waterforces.  In the sea drift boats & trawlers of fishermen / Somewhen waves toy with ships and fade out in the distant horizon / and it is only wind blowing wind somethen / when change the color and roar of unruly ocean’s pleasure & pain.
.... At the entrance of the garret (to be described hereinafter as room # 15). Lies shrunk on the doormat / the darn cat. / Disgust in her cattitude / to a comer if she is to give way / pausing her beatitude.
.... Enter room # 15. A pair of hobo shoes garaged beside the door.  How far can one go in these shoes in the untrotten ways into posterity?  In this twilight what are the other things in the room, cannot be primagined from distance.  
-close up-
.... The writer lying abed.  open sheet of blank paper.  white pages.  white shadow.  ongoing a bad patch.  Writing few lines then tearing into pieces — yielding no fruitful utility so to say no fruitility.  Overflourishing the trash basket twisted torn pieces of papers scattered allover the floor.  He cogitates i’m tearing everything into pieces in a mess!  looks cruise.  a cobweb is swinging in the wind down the ceiling.
The spider’s net is its nest
with a package
of food + bed rest

As a ringmaster  cater tricks on net to network, is a big expert artisan spider who seems to be a tiny octopus.  If little octopuses can be brought up in cistern & set upon the suckers?
Tame Octopus in Cistern

i’m tearing time into pieces  flowers into pieces
i'm tearing love into pieces  myself into pieces
i'm tearing into pieces  all into  ×  pieces

i’m bit as I want to be a mongoose at a snake
i miss fortune as I want to be a minstrel after tune
i’m finished as I want to punish imposters
i forget this is a mask age as I want to unmask
i’m tearing time into pieces  flowers into pieces
i'm tearing love into pieces  myself into pieces
i'm tearing into pieces all into  ×  pieces

i aim to tame octopus in cistern & set upon suckers
But oh, rather I’m husked being sucked out!
i’m tearing time into pieces  flowers into pieces
i'm tearing love into pieces  myself into pieces
i'm tearing into pieces  all into  ×  pieces

i smell someone signals me from far galaxy.
At a bent of another milky way
my Hiya awaits me torridly
Again from different universe
she frolics skylarks hide & seek
sends hifrequency kisses
showers parijat flowers galore & calls:
I evol u Nadnahc(.) Emoc prahs ot em(.)
But i’m dazed  can’t decode the message
In limbo i’m tearing flowers into pieces
love into pieces
my worlden and  farworlden times into pieces.

Still i wait as: if terraductil calls in dream
& i reget the heydays when i freeply
eat in temple lie in mosque
Now lifelorn desert raided by hardcore blizzards
Life’s furnace is ablaze amidst random rains
What do i do, am i my harmer?
Unable to save anything
i’m burning althing & crawling toward the end
i'm tearing solid sleep & blissful peace into pieces
tearing my chance into pieces  my future into pieces
i'm tearing into pieces  my extravacant life
tearing into pieces  my uncared for manuscripts
,,  into pieces  my nonconvertible dreamage
i'm tearing × pieces  myself × pieces all × × pieces

.... Yesternight windows of his room were open.  Moon looking after him thru the night.  Thenafter he was not aware when clouds reinforced by rain seized the sky driving out the moon and the constellation.  Rains dampened the edge of his bed as well as his papers.  The infiltrator winds inflicted him cold. throat-tickling.  headache.  fever.  Trifling that, today also he has wandered over this terra incognita semitown Biswapur through and through. Occluded bazaar, warehouse, shops, fishermen’s wharfs, offices, school, college, playfield… even called by the local youth Romnis Pundit, whom he has met several times here at the Sweetheart Café, and visited his theque @ the Tea Circle…… alwhere.  then seabath.  lunch in cheap price hotel.  and watching sportsfest in Biswapur stadium. sitting in the spectator’s gallery. his watching of various competitive events >>> discus throwing, high & long jump, races, hurdles, relay, wrestling, boxing, kabadi, musical chair, go as you like &c…. Whole day in the rude & crude sun. The aftereffect is that he has to surrender his nearly out of order walkster body to the bed returning to the inn somehow in a rickshaw.  temperature of his body upped.  bepained in the chest. in the whole body.  he feels sleepy but cannot sleep in numbness.  On the screen of mind roving scenes of different thoughts and dreamages reel one after another tout ensemble and fade out….  Well, in this room #15, he has not yet encountered with disgruntled spirits.  Of course he has heard thudding sounds at night.
.... A...few...pair...of...glowing...eyes...in...the..stark..dark
(o\/o)  (^)(^)  <>/\<>  (oLo)
.... But in flashlight it has been found that something like civets fleeing……
Suddenly he feels something lightly lands on his forehead.  He rubs his temple and grabs an insect.  To observe the insect he opens his eyes. sees swarm of purple black brown green insects on the green jungle-print bedsheet covering his body for his chillfeeling and quivering.  Not only in bed big and small peculiar numerous insects on the table, but also on wall. Shelf. almira. chair. allwhere in the room.  They have sneaked into his room sometime utilizing the propertunity of ajar doors and windows.  Only insect insect insect insect tcesni tcesni tcesni tcesni. i n s e c  t.
.... Big small tall wonderful dreadly ugly picturesque countless insects.  He finds a big insect  slowly approaching him ….. He takes his magnifying glass  Q  used for reading smaller alphabets fro the table and observes the enlarged version of the worm through it …. It seems a tiny edition of a ferocious tyrannosaurus rex coming to grasp him.  The other insects are as if living micro replicas of ankylosaur, tiger, lion, hippo, dodo ….. and other survivor & extinct species from primeval animals world till today.  On the wall a potbellied corpulent lizard, silently crawling and then suddenly speeding to grab the prey like a little reptile, is superfeasting gladly catching many worms.  A line of cooperative well disciplined marching ants 
o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o
.... marching whereto who knows like a black crack  in the wall.  2 bees or may be wasps rushing out through the window, whereto who knows?  Tracking their source to the outmosphere his eyes turn toward the sea.  In the sea drift boats and trawlers of fishermen / Somewhen waves toy with ships and fade out in the distant horizon / And it is only wind only blowing wind somethen / when change the color & roar of unruly ocean’s pleasure and pain.
.... Due to the strain of quizzing at the insects through the magni glass for sometime water drips down his eyes.  His head spins.  In this condition he thinks of writing and writes a few lines. He shakes the bedspread full of insects outside the balcony and after bedjustment lies down wrapping himself again with the bedspread. 
.... The bedder’s eyes roll over the walls. olden walls. eroded and corroded at places. On 1 wall hangs his circular perpetual calendar — one can spot out any particular day, date & year of several centuries ahead or reverse rotating and calculating out of it.  He attempts but cannot fix his eyes on the calendar.  In the reckless wind indulged through the doors and windows, the calendar swings like a pendulum of endless times swimming across the centuries and millennia.  The speeding eternal time swings.  The cosmosphere swings hangs reels rolls.  He rediverts his vision overlooking the ocean. He can now comprehend why the original owner/s had built this villa ship-shaped.  He salutes the portraits of His & Her Highness now raising his hand touching his forehead. Bemusing the rebel waves chasing him. having the feel that surrounded by the expanse of water. living in a frivolous wavering ship tottering vigorously—which may sink into fathomless netherworld in any moment.  
i was just a trivial traveler on time ocean
enshored to be tested by time for a while
ensured to be withdrawn by next waversion

.... Has just shut his eyes, a thumping sound, open eyes. a ghost? naw.  not  a ghost.  not even a civet.  The writer eyes a few branches and twigs of trees of the arbor descend over the windows of the attic.  In the branches camp acrobatic monkeys.  Their operation/ is to jump from branch to branch of trees / on the roof veranda tin roof of the attic / to grab any food if they get any door or window ajar / and run in fun. a pair of monkeys with their burnt-black faces entering in his room. Then smartly escaping lifting up his packet of food.  And sensing that the pigeons nesting on the wooden structure beneath the red tin roof are fluttering cooing tottering stirring.  He inquires if these monkeys are the distant sequels to the Indicus species of the Dryopithecus apes of the Miocene epoch? ….. Pendulum of the endless time swings / The speeding eternal time swings / The cosmosphere hangs reels rolls swings / He reinvents the rhythm of the ocean.
The natural even & uneven fusion
harmonizing in rhyme & unrhyme
as the rhythmic blowing flow verse
is the verse of the universe

Preflexion
.... The sun has just immersed.  Still in the influence of sun the cloudscape painted all over the sky and the horizon colored with dreamatic spectrum ….. Had the Talgai cranium man seen exactly this colored sky from the Darling Downs of Queens Land 12000 years BC?  Will there be anything called (wo)man after say 537 or 17349 or 600000 years?  
The future of the world's survival
will largely depend on co existence
and divergence of eco existence

.... By that time this dear earth and wo/man might be decreated due to sunrage. awful explosion of population. stuffocating pollution. global warming or cooling. extraterrestrial war. madmaniac powerplay. human greed & mistance. terroric destructure. attack by aliens germs & survirus. swarm of locusts. or due to known / unknown diseases. hunger & thirst. scientific madventure./ wo/man made intelligent objects outsmarting people / or encounter with comets / planets star asteroids. or due to heat / cold wave. Storm. Deluge. Conflagration. volcanic eruption. Earthquake. Tsunami. or due to some other unforeseen causes …..  Or as a pis aller, wo/man may drive this earth or leave this earth to settle in other celestial place in the space before the doomsday.  And whence if wo/man changed to the root, still remains, thence his piece of writing won’t be thither.  Or if some part of his writing is excavated or rediscovered in the virtual or spacific another world — someven by mistake, thence also it would be like a primal language to them— which oho, whence nobody shall understandeth!
.... Oho, that day none shall know that a Homo sapiens man circa at the fringe of 2nd & 3rd millennium AD, too had something to say. something to do.  He too one day walked in dust. roamed in sun. drenched in rain. smiled in euphoria. wept in dysphoria. he called. woke. worked. mused. sang. raged. believed. smeared in pollen dust. loved.  And even if they understandeth, this account of the current earthen sphere will likely to appear to them then as so  queer, incredible and implausible. Though —
The story of its blossoming in niceties
knows only the plant
what others know of it?

.... So he wishes to leave little trails for the posterity to dig out as to how wast the proversion of his experienced, experimented and introspected world and how floated his
e   a   r  t  h  m  o  s   p   h   e   r   e

Born in spring i have gotten only venom
i seek flower > I do not pluck
i do blunder <  that I remember

This body ravaged by acute diseases
cannot be cured in thousand lives
This mind imbued in intimate hues
cannot be defaced in thousand lives
This life rocked by countless faux pas
cannot be whitewashed in thousand lives
i’m walled by futile insomniac sursphere
cannot be dwindled in thousand lives
i do blunder > I do not blame
i’m pierced < have not reversed

It occurs what to occur  it loses what to lose
It flows what to flow  it bears what to bear
One errs  time recedes
body erodes  apathy endured
i refeel  in this life for me it will not hap:
Swimming in  T~i~t~i~k~a~k~a
crossing Sahara on camel
It will not hap to climb atop the Everest  ^^
to be a matador  +  to canvas for award
jockeying for lottery, to be conqueror
hunter  wrestler  millionaire
minister leader  scientist  star king emir  it won’t be
this life cannot be chained  not not be retained
i am bit i am hit > i do not tit for that tat
i want con amore < have got never

So it is overt > in this life i couldn’t talk to
Tutankhamun Confucius Cleopatra Jean De Arc
Kalidas Shakespeare Marx Madam Curie
Dostoevsky Einstein Netaji
not trotted  Burkina Faso Neptune planet
i couldn’t sing humdrum songs in chorus
i couldn’t keep pace to face with all
i couldn’t avow all rules and prohibitions
i couldn’t change the side with the wind
This life could not be caged anywhere
i  couldn’t coax to be a hearticipant
i couldn’t retreat from where I’m heading to
i couldn’t dash to the Andromeda galaxy
i couldn’t know how to knit how to net
how to reap  how to bait
how to husk  how to make jewelry cut
how to how to attract
how to how to bite by springing hood
S
how to how…
not known not worked  not heard  not done
not seen not been any manythings over there
Life ensnared  drove  rolled  cooled  burnt me
for nothing for nothing nothing for nothing

Born in spring  i have gotten only venom
i seek flower > i do not pluck
i do blunder < that i remember


(((((((((()))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.2

Chapter 2: Solitary Outcry


Onsite
== Switch on the light. (In sotto voce)
== Alive or gone?
== If anybody dies again nobody'll dare stay in this room.
== Inhaling. (Cosmetic smell of the hand stretched out to check his breathing before his nose).
== Got temperature? (Touch of a soft hand feeling his pulse. Bangles faint rhyming chiming rinijhini).
== Doc-hospital-ambulance should we call?
== Nope, see here’s a medkit.
== Taken the right med (seeing the phial).
== I had cautioned him of ghosts—he who stays in this room / faces the doom. But he didn’t care—poets have got nuts in brain.
== Poet? name?
== Who knows? New. never heard him.
== See. What he has written!  Poem? (Tries to read. Cannot follow).
== What trash they write—m - o- d- e- r- r- r- n  poetry.  Who reads and who understands nobody knows.  I don’t read poem toem.  They’re futile brains — have neither head nor tail — simply meantellectual nonsense—.
== Quite right. If you talk of poetry, that must be Tagore’s.  long ago I had read that in school, still I can recite fluently from memory — oh, what’s that piece — ah ha tell me — “My” — yeah what’s that tell me —  .
The staffs of the inn surround the bed of the ailing writer were talking in a low voice among them — when suddenly the proprietress of the inn is seen in the scene appearing in the balcony.  Everybody alert in a moment: Hush-shshsh Hiyadi is coming.
....  Entering the room and coup de’oeil at the ailing boarder Hiya gets a jerk menternally — Hoa who’s he!  But outwardly she demands: Show me what’s written (her doubtlook), let me see.  Is it a suicide note?  She grabs the piece of paper and reads at a breath in quick time.  Her heart beats faster — she becomes sure, not a suicide note, may be a self depicture or epitaph or — ?  She scans the poem now:
Epitaph 
Hush!
This latent prayer is appealed to all
Please
do not forget this baseman
Absorbed & instilled
in this cosmosphere
is unexplored chandan
originated in epoch Holocene
on 1d to end 3m of 56y before millennium III began
being the 4th weekday in ex-Tamralipta
the grandson of Pramatho + Baroda
son of Sitalakshmi of Vattacharja clan
  
That blood streamed whose body
oozed all vein & by vein
about 61320 million miles per year
Lab of nigh 250 kin of bacteria
grained in the skin
Here is zeroed
that homo sapiens brain
charged in 88°30'E longitude & 22°34'N latitude
& 2.5 million times throbbing heartborn prakalpana

Please
do not forget this baseman

Hushhhh!

.... Reading the poem again Hiya’s worry eases.  But next moment renoticing the name of the writer she is selectrified — she has read this poet a few times in periodicals before.  While screening the dismal health & visage of the writer, on reverse lookup the shadow of the same-named boy recasts after a tall interval again in part by part in the scenario, like the stretches of shoal risen up on the breast of river! Moving visions of the pastrack. A candle of the pet night days & times has been softly burning and melting in aplomb within Hiya silently … 
Movision 1
…. She in her early teens.  Perched rice Muri in the hollow of the folded ends of her wear black striped sari.  Holding his one hand she is dragging her companion— walking barefooted in the dew of winter dawn on the narrow divider pathway of in the field of khesari pea cultivation — plucking up the peas — then sitting on the embankment of canal together with her playmate gulping muri with peeled dewy green khesari peas…. 
Cut to

Movision 2
.... Babul tree in the risen shoal of river.  Thread of kite fastened to one tree and spread to another distanced tree horizontally.  Her playmate’s polishing the thread with the paste of powered glass mixed with the gum of broken green wood apple.  Her sitting in the meadow, making a tailed kite with newspaper cuts pasting in that broken wood apple’s gum having raw green smell.  Afar mother calling her aloud: H-i-y-a. come home with him. your tutor has come. to teach youuuuuuuuuuuuu.
Cut to
.... That time left far.  Yet she can even now feel the smell of that broken green wood apple, sensing the shadow of her missed companion in this ailing poet ….. There may be something like rebirth or may not be, but they shall meet again — she will definitely get back her missing heartmate one day or another — she has had and shall have this firm conviction that will last for ever — but costing such a wide stopgap of years — in this ailing condition — in her own holiday inn she would reget him like a coup de theatre — this she could not even daydream!  Still she is unable to assimilate this incredible factasy!  But at the same time how can she disbelief?  From this poem his identity tallies in toto!  So this guy-is-her-long-misappeared-heartmate-since-puerility!?  Yes, the same looks.  But now wan! …
.... Suddenly she becomes conscious that the staff of her hotel watching her in amazement.  Their appearance hints >> their proprietress is wasting so much time for an unknown unrevealed tramp property << what’s the matter?  Sniffing this  +  to get the warm touch of his body once again  +  to be confirmed in this propertunity by examining his palm at a glimpse, she smartly raises the right wrist of the close-eyed patient in the pretext of checking his pulse — but the touch of his hand stops her heartbeat for the moment as in those days — yet suppressing her menternality she glances at his palm — yes in the second part of his 2nd finger that mole still remains — noticing which her astrologer father had said: look Hiya, the mount of Saturn in his hand …and the Solomon Ring….  Yes, like that day today also Hiya reads the Solomon Ring quickly — while feeling the heat & pulse beat in his wrist.  A candle of the pet night days & times has been softly burning and melting in aplomb within Hiya silently … 
Cut to

Movision 3
== That day Hiya asked her heartizen lightly: Any day if you’re lost from me and if I meet you after many years, how would I identify you?
== How?
== Eh mom, can’t you say this too?  you are good for nothin’.  seeing this mole in your finger and seeing the Solomon Ring in your palm, you understand, silly?
== And if you’re missing, how should I spot you?  The poet crossquired.
==(Hiya grinning )  How?
==1. seeing this dimple in your left cheek while you smile. (Hiya’s cheeks blushed).
==I won’t need to chuckle seeing you then.  well seeing anyhow else?
==2. And (in sotto voce) more acute earmarks in yr body which only I know in details.  do u wanna hear those? trademarks one by one?  for instance your — Hiya promptly blocked his lips with her hand: You ain’t ashamed to utter anything — isn’t it?  you needn’t tell more.  i won’t be ever missing from u and u needn’t find me out.  okay?  
Cut to
.... But that-they whisked away from each other…  That-she has been looking for him since then.  But whom Hiya lost at her budding teenage and still who is invisibly omnipresent each and everyhere and there and each & every moment in her life — whom she has been looking for always alwhere toujours — now discovering him quite accidentally. in illness. in her own shelter. she becomes extremely restless and inundated within her self.  Yet in front of her staffers with great difficulty she absorbs the shock wave into her mind caused by the series of premotional avalanches of glaciers in blinding hyper blizzard.  She releases her etude’s hand slowly to its place and comments in a low tone: Temperature isn’t low.  But this night could we get Dr. Shirin?  Luna?
== Yes ma’am?
== Before you go to bed at night and rising at dawn at first you’d look after this patient. take care what is needed.  Ok?
== Okay.  Don’t worry.
== Singhji, during your night watch keep an eye on this sahib. If the temperature ups further or you deem it necessary — both of you — don’t hesitate to call me up.
== All right ma’am.
== Luna, (looking at the sorry state of the room), this room isn’t cleaned up I see.
Luna passes the look over to Jhoomki.
== Whenever I come to clean this room — he is out and the room is closed. last few days gone this way. today afternoon when I got the room open, Babu said some of his important paper is lost in these junk pieces of paper in the floor, which he will find out first then he will let me clean up the room — so it’s undone ma'am — Jhoomki, the cleaner woman accounts for.
== He is like this as ever — saying this the next moment Hiya realizes she has done a silly act on her part to utter this — which though none other notices but Luna is curious: But you’ve just returned after a week, how could you —?
== Know?  You wanna know?  In fact there are quite a few this type of bohemian among the writers and artists — you can easily trace them.  So you leave him now.  But remember what I’ve said to you.  She manages to rectify her mistake somehow:  Luna, you try to catch Dr. Shirin on phone. if you get her, get me the line to this room — i’ll be waiting here for some time more — if the doc wanna know the detailed conditions of the patient, i can narrate that to her staying on the spot.
.... Hiya feels great relief when everybody leaves the room.  Because not only for the time being she wants to hide her ruptured heartremor from all, but also for some time at least, to solely own her refound lone cobber — the confidant of her early life and the harmonizer of her existence in some intrinsic rhythm and intriguing tune — she lets others quit this room.  Sitting in the bedside with a steadfast look at her rediscovered assort she thinks how miserable his visage looks with long unkempt hair and unshaved stubble.  Unrecognizable! She rubs his head and temple with her hand very gently and begins to perspire in the heat and excitement of her mind and body. A candle of the pet night days & times has been softly burning and melting in aplomb within Hiya silently … 
Cut to
Movision 4
…. This guy at his boyhood used to come to her father to read…..  They 2 used to read play team dream teem and chum up together….  Wandering into the leaves of books or on roads and meadows, so many times they longed to roam in the kingdom of Atahualpa… in the cape of Horn… in the Byzantine kingdom… with the samurai trapped in ice… or in the reign of Hammurabi, Thutmose, Chow kings… and in the labyrinth of pyramids.  Eras and eras ago in the Tithes Ocean, they had swam being a pair of swans.  Or being a pair of herons they had flown on the eve of a March evening towards the Pleiades star  *   As a bas bleu of eternal lovewave, she gets her heartmate in how many forms & how many times and loses him how many times! 
……gets loses loses gets loses gets gets loses
loses gets gets loses gets loses loses gets…..
sometimes within conscious body sometimes beyond body sometimes in supra nature…..  Though the lovebird duo is of this age, yet they are not of any particular age only — of all ages.  Though they are of a country, yet they aren’t of that country alone — of all countries of all places of all times.  As if only the slough of body change again and again in eternal quest and thirst for life….
Movison Fades Out
.... But over so many layers of the past years, does her counterpart still subscribe to the same selfrantic desire for her as in the past? It is plausible not to nourish the same.  Yet an irrepressible emotion gushes out of her hearterritory.  Because whatever hap — how far away one remain from the other — they had sworn to remain addicted to each other for life.  They had taken the oath that day when Hiya awaiting her heartmate at their rendezvous under the hijol tree beside the river, but he arrived much later than the scheduled time, she was in tears!  He being unable to cajole her sob at last bussed her and chanted:
Cries the whining fox, ah
in the bank of river Kongshaa!
At that Hiya couldn’t resist herself chortling while crying.  On that colorful afternoon they swore that sublime oath.  Only onlookers to the promise were the retiring sun and the river and the silent approver — the flowershowering hijol tree.…..  But Hiya now presumes that her one time partner has defected from his addiction to her or there has been a paradigm shift in his previous attitude to her. 
.... She ties the open end of her violet colorina silk sari to her waist tightly. begins to clean the room.  what  a mess. everything topsy-turvy. this habit of him still remains unchanged!  switches on the table lamp. arranges papers. that very familiar handwriting — only the curves are changed a bit. some  printout scripts.  she reads a few poems a little.  realizing his writings are not proceeding well.  as all are sketchy as yet.  futile wanderings all thru the day only are the babu’s only work.  blank white pages  thrown down torn pieces of scripts and lump scroll of papers scattered all over the floor.  on scrutiny she picks up a wrapped ball of paper as yet untorn.  keeps it on the table. tries to make it plain pressing with her palms.  with utter care. she finds it a poem.  figures out — oh, then this is the missing paper babu was looking for —places the poem near lamp, reads and becomes charged and recharged again and again:
Looking For The Heartmate
i have written enough
But for who I have written
it never reached
reached never. never reached.

Like a star  countless light years away  *
emitting light incessantly infinite times
not yet touched this earth.  earth detouched

For who my existence burns in futility
questing hearty Hiya over Chola age or DNA
that who could not ever dream
Dream never.  never dream

i have written enough
But for who i have written
it never reached
reached never.  never reached
(*!*)
.... Reading the poem several times Hiya realizes that her playmate of puerility has missed her but no remiss occurred on his part.  Rather she has been his favorite haunt always like herself.  Her blindense menternal cloud flushes out by the gale of sudden euphoria.  She regains that vista of synergy in hand.  That vanished setting sun.  That dipping sun-painted river beside where they were lovemerged.  That mild fragrant flower-showering Barringtonia acutangula — that is hijol tree, is reminding her of the old oath at the end of tall waitedge…. She quivers in this strange trance!  To reconnect a bit of this selectronic love to its generator, she rubs his hair & forehead tardily. 
.... Tel call.  Hiya  phones in a trice so that the noise does not hinder his sleep.  His eyes blink for a moment but Hiya’s eyes silently wink him shut his eyes and sleep fast.  In a subsensous haze his eyes retire again to promeditation in sabasan.
== Shirin?
== Yea.  Why SOS me now at night? For anyone special?
== Xtra special.
== Who’s that fortunate guy?
== Whom I’ve been looking for year after year.  always.  alwhere.  alwhen.   you know that very well.
== Really!  whatta you sayin’!  where you got him?
== Hotel Sweetheart room # 15
== Then yr hotel’s name is justified now with the appearance of yr Sweetheart? Heard some writer camping in yr attic?  is it he?
== So I’m seeing. Seems his fever caused by exhaustion of wandering. stricken by heat & cold. seeing a medkit with him.  might have taken medicine.  might be for that reason the temperature sliding downwards.
== Then let’s wait & see tonight.  morning on my way to hospital I’ll come to visit him.  don’t worry.
== Whattabout tonight?
== Tonight you’re bestowed with the golden — nay diamond propertunity to serve n enjoy n consume the pleasure of your exquisite property exclusively, my crony.  I’m coming to your love nest best in the morning to assess on the spot survey, as to how far you’ve progresseth.  Now cheer up the honey night with your sweetheart my honey.
Laughter both ends.
== Ah ha, he is senseless in fever. not even seen me.      : Oh ho ho, is this a fever of today?  A chronic fever history seeing you since the childhood—which is incurable — so how can I cure?  Laughter. call ends.
.... After restoring the room Hiya prequisitions a flask of hot milk. a flower vase of night queen and a packet of incense.  Night queen fleur in vase, burning sandalwood incense sticks disburse fragrance.  Then seated in the cozy chair / she listens on earphone / some pre-recorded poems and songs / composed and tuned by the poet in his own voice / and takes with her some of the opus song lyrics along with notations / and a book by the poet for her own perusal. Beducating the bed she pulls the bedspread up to his shoulder over his body. She mulls let the fever decrease first.  I’ll be back at dawn.  Don’t escape.  Then her last minute look with the sneak a peck / so that now his sleep doesn’t break.  shuts the door. leaves the room.  toward her boudoir.  downstairs.  wearing a faint grin.  with a mindful of soft dreamembrance.
Returns the solid silence.  Mute tranquility.  Pendulum of the endless time swings / The speeding eternal time swings / The cosmosphere hangs reels rolls swings.  
Now the waking stony moon and the scattered stars in the sky oversee the dark oversea.  The swirling focal light from the lighthouse is touchpassing the waves afar.  
On the writer’s closed eyes and face lineally reflect the silent faint glowing & glowing &dipping & dipping of the colorina innsign light of the hotel Sweetheart …….with the feeble flickering fireflies.
.... But that lull does not last long. sound brushes aside the silence.  From far away waves after waves of huge noise poise and rush toward him vanquish and destroy the quiet into pieces. Some smoggy figures, some heard unheard noise like known unknown indistinct primage gradually obtrude.  Converse.
Intrude clamor

Menterrogation
.... Clamor is alwhere.  clamor on road.  clamor downstairs.  upstairs.  verandah.  roof.  clamor in pillar.  in window.  door.  clamor  hanging in ceiling.  swinging like a cobweb Then crisscrossing all hurdles clamor thrust on him one after another.  Enormous. variegated clamor brew upheaval in his heartrack.  thru the ears.  no definite language of the clamor can be traced.  jolt of acute clamor becoming unbearable sound engulfs like swarms of crickets’ sharp cry.  Within the hedge he feels in drifting dizzy mist as if innumerable replicas of humans, animals, manimals, planets stars nebula birds and beasts trees flowers & plants concrete & abstract existent & extinct species—from the leaf of books, ledgers, from the reel of films zoos market places habitations public places meetings offices schools colleges streets—and from the world of presumption, primagination, & invisible white shadow—why poising hullabaloo to him all aloud?!  In closed eyes he asks: Who are you? / stop your uproar / i’m unable to endure.
== We’re nested in your brain & mind — your internatural seen unseen known unknown, familiar unfamiliar thought unthought character—life creature matter earthmosphere, nature, nurture, perception inconsciousness, aims & ideas...
== Oh, what do you want of me?
== We want to be freed from your brain & mind cell.  We want to come out.
== Alright.  But i haven’t detained you. i too can’t bear your excessive storming in my brain.  i also want to be free from your boundage.  
== Is it so easy to get freedom to give freedom?  You’re just uttering that you’re freeing us — and you’re relieved of your thoughts?  and we’re liberated?
== Then how can i be free and give you freedom?
== Listen, we don’t want to become extinct from the macrosphere with you — rather we crave to become diffused and spread all over more & more & more & more—and reach out to as many as as far as diverse as possible—over the ages & times scattering the seeds of concepts & compositions — so that from them spring up many more new and newer conceptions & ideas.  Because man goes, idea persists.  You author us to free us from your brain & mind cell. As
The search in the lives of humans
should be not only for success
but also for accomplishment
culminating in selfulfeelment

== What can be done?  i’ve attempted several times but failed. All my time erodes in the deeds & misdeeds of my livelihood. if i start this work somehow also, i won’t be able to finish.  Besides my ideas are very scrimpy & trifle. Often
After i make
again i shake
i break
to remake
what is cliché
in and outside of it

== Who knows hears sees understands each and every thing in this world?  None.  that’s never possible.  So compose from what you know understand think see hear.    Perceive macrocosm via microcosm.  microcosm via macrocosm. Oh poet, oh writer, oh author, librettist, oh wordster, while failing repeatedly, 1 day you’ll be enable to be near to exact. 
If you can't be arguably the best
articulate what's your kind of distinction at least
which justifies your class with the mass

Start up to compose your macroworld without more delay from your microworld with your unidiversality.
== i  won’t be able.  This is a very intensive tensive & pensive task. 
(Vehement protest & outburst erupt within) 
If you don't try to manifest your daydream
into reality investing yourself totally
nobody will know what you chalked out exactly
in the same way you design and assign
which will be done by others

Else, it’s better to self-annihilate than this self-treachery!
==Then —for the last time — let me see how far I can do.
Euphoria in hearterrain.
Exit Clamor

.... Pendulum of the endless time swings / The speeding eternal time swings /  The cosmosphere hangs reels rolls swings.  Rereigns solid silence. Mute tranquility.

Innovision
.... In sabasan. The writer  is transcentral in the world of sense & practice, chetana and karma in the frontier of vision & perception. meditating in the retreat of timeless silence, awaiting his much desired words & primagination. inchurning the culmination of his envisions cerebrating... 
His eyes blink for a moment. Next moment close. Now the sun glares at the center of his 2 eyebrows as the 3rd eye  (0)  The moon settles in forehead.  In the head the primeval mute forest all extinct and latent creature & manimal kingdom.  All thru the body blood vessels and veins—the deep sea & river and passionate rhythm of waves, agitated & declined wind.  In his brain the superspace. the unidiversal microcosm transforming to macrocosm—and then the macrocosm again returning to microcosm—the explosions, expanding universe and embryonic c.o.s.m.o.s.p.h.e.r.e — conceived of the speedily proceeding 3 infinitimes — past present and future and then again dwindle to rekindle ….. His birthing was quite a fortuity.  though a short-time mortal, he exudes as the cosmic citizen of world-states of all ages and all times — he envisions. But anybody can’t be everywhere. So he desires to be on manywhere. as many places as possible. To get to feel the pulse of the place and people.    
Though within sleep or waking—he did not get any celestial favor, fervor, blessing, command, advice, inspiration from god/s or anybody or manybody. 
.... At the beginning, the wordster bows to the said foremost bards of trinity—Balmiki, Byas and Homer and humbly asks for their spiritization so that he can concoct the cosmosphere in his own secreated way prakalpana.  The nonworthy author, the squirt after-runner wordsmith, with reverence also remembers all the creators and seers of all times for their legendary creativity   in illuminating the peoples’ minds throughout the ages. let their preffort and secreativity brew the addicted reader, but let not the radiation of their composition touch and shadow the unilluminated writer by any means.
Besides, the poet welcomes the creative kobisenas or poetroops — the marchers of poetry of all ages. Let  them march ahead in different ages in different places in different times in all directions singing the victory anthem of the unidiversal humanity and well being of all creature, nature, nurture and culture as epicted in the >>>

Anthem of Kobisena
At 1 clarion call  only 10 poetroopers rush
towards 10 directions  simply with their pens
1 goes eastward & says: Sol  radiate  the  daily  rays
1 ,,  westward & says: Sol  surely return tomorrow
1 ,,  northward & says : Pole  melt no ice in sorrow
1 ,,  southward & says: Pole  blow kind pure wind
1 ,,  upward &  says: Space, hold the world forever
1 ,,  downward & says: Crop + creation fulfill soil
1 ,,  northeast & says: Change to better over evil
1 ,, southeast & says: Fire, burn up worn & gone
1 ,,  northwest & says: Keep eternal life-flow
1 ,,  southeast & says: Wo/men, mow devilization
10   horizons from background oracle:
Humans shall reveal  the privy of cosmocreation
and the eternal teeming stream of life shall prevail


(((((((((()))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.3

Chapter 3: Universion


Introvision
.... Abstruse dark in the room. Unfolding his eyes at first he cannot reinstall his mind.  Who is he?  Where?  Why?  How?    But here only fireflies in the room.  On musing the bedder recovers his identity.  He is a targetless defocused wordster.  He is to begin his composition.  But from where and whom to kick-start?  Where they’re gone who were there near to him or into his mind’s corner and parlor so long? He can not find in front of him any commendable god & goddess, stateswo/man, demon, satan, invader, traitor, jingo, chauvinist, genius, pragmator or great wo/man from who he can flag off.  There is only packed crowd of commoners parked around him.  Who only grow. live. die. and goodbye. in each age. radiating momentary beauty. and mild fragrance. like innumerable wild flowers.  Again such others appear & disappear.  Yet in the evolution and history of mankind why these mild goody average indistinct hu/menwomen hardly occupy little space & place?  Actually whose labor joy & despair & murmur refresh this world and enliven this civitualization—why they are always repeatedly missed & remised?  The common workers and artisans of Pyramid, China-wall, Colossus, Khajuraho temple or Panama Canal remain unknown, but the atrocious people like Attila, Nero or Genghis Khan, Hitler, Stalin reserve permanent berth in history! He is dejected due to his angst qualm. once his eyes shut, sneaks in the jolt + tumult.  His world of nature & nurture again squat the Return Clamor.: You swore to begin your composition?
== What can be done.  From where to begin i can’t understand. i lack wisdom, yet—
i'm doggedly skeptic at first
before popping up a wisdom pill
which sticks in my throat.

i haven’t come across any such notable character, episode or spur from where i can get set go.
== Not necessarily. Premember this is not the age of Homer, Balmiki or Byas, that there are the gods or someone to inspire you, rather now there might be some to conspire against you so that you can't accomplish your goal.  Besides your opus should be different.  That you yourself will be able to envision from your inward invision + outward outmosphere of today’s and tomorrow’s epical span — for your ficton’s piction, depiction and epiction from yourself right this moment.
This moment is the opportune moment
for the momentum to start.

== Start from myself?  That means from my beginning?
== (In chorus) Yes.
== Then everybody originates from father & mother.  from that means we’re to begin from the beginning of the beginning?
== Yes.  That’s it.  Do that.
== But father & mother of anybody can't be the beginning. Because they had also parents.
== Then from there—that means start from the mother & father of the father & mother.
== But they also can't be the beginning of the beginning. as they had their mother & father.
== Ok. Start from the father & mother of the father & mother of the mother & father or even from their mother & father.
== But they also can't be the beginning of any wo/man. As they also must have their ancestors.
== Ok, from the father & mother’s mother & father’s father & mother’s mother & father’s father & mother’s mother & father’s ...... Oh whatta jolt!  We mean precisely you start from the ancestral man & woman.
== But it were the pre-ancestral men & women of the ancestral men & women.  So if you are to start from the start of the start, then we are to start from the first progenitors, who i don't know.
....  This exchange of words attract some primates, apes and chimps to come to interject something in gibberish voices: Oh, we are the predecessors of wo/man’s ancestors. You start from us.
This triggers uproar, protest and commotion in the world of birds, beasts and plants.  The writer is perplexed and thrilled!  Abruptly has he been rewinded millions of years backwards?  The little he can understand that there are present the the examples of the entire living & extinct species of creatures  & subcreatures, the flora, mammals, vertebrates, invertebrates, worms, birds & flies.  As if he is a hunter of beauty in the deep forests of Africa, Asia or Amazon basin — whose obsession is not hunting but ablution in internatural sylvan beauty!

.... As the sequel amazed and shivered following and observing their roars, flutters, motions, emotions and commotions, the poet can at least comprehend as if all of them vie to connote that their species is before all others  >> they are the beginner of the beginners. they are the prequel pioneers of animate life.... Fierce competition crop up with one another in the internatural animal world with hot debate, and turmoil as it goes in human’s parliament.  As if a great war is impending to commence between TX rex and king whale.  The writer feels several weaker sections like blue algae, jelly fishes and bacteria etc. part with the deliberation and retreat to their shelter protesting: You can’t see tiny matters.  know the start, and see we are the pioneers.
Sensing their attitude the ocean roars with smashing high waves:  How would you be the pioneers?  Everything originated in the water.  How could you germinate if there was no water?  So water is the first.  Water is life. 
.... Overhearing this the sun on the overhead suddenly sniggered: Well, vaporing each drop of water and burning everything in this world in a moment, I'll show you who's the real source of energy, who’s the beginning of the beginning.
Alarmed, the oceans and the entire living world, become extremely frightened for their total extinction and begin to pray anxiously to the sol so that he withdraws their annihilation, in language: Oh, the giver of the brightest light and extinguisher of all sins, we bow to thee:
Om jabakusuma sankasham kashyapeyo mahadyutim
Dhantaring sarbapapaghnam pronotoshmi Dibakaram

The Sol is pleased: Now you know really who's the pioneer!
The writer being unable to remain mute anymore intercepts: Howzzat?  Some stars are bigger than you in size and older than you in age.  Then how can you be the pioneer of the pioneers?  So there must be something after your end.  Rather you tell us how all things were created even before you, what were the presource?
The Sol comments: I'm sorry.  In reality I can't speak on the beginning of all creation.  Because I'm not a sensible and intelligent creature like wo/man of my planet earth, so that I could have written or recorded the history of creation of the cosmos. Wo/man’ll solve that mystery.
== How?
== That you have to know how. Insense the universe as the space amphitheatre.  Floating in the super space.  You'll find some specimens of the matter and living objects of the past present and future there. >> everywhere man is to search.  Only then it will be found.  With my clear, unhindered sunrays I can only remove the black screen of dark in front of your eyes >> so that you can behold yourself, comprehend yourself.

Movision One
When the dark screen of cloud is unveiled in the skytheatre, writer sees he is seated in an invisible open gallery of spectators poised in the oval orbit of a star in the empyrean.  As if a multibillion times zoom in version of the human's Olympic sports gallery. He premembers how tiny was the gallery of Biswapur where he was watching the sports and games the whole day!  In the dark above below on all sides are the luminous stars near and far.  Here are present the replicas of all types of wo/man and children from the prehistoric time to now from all over the world.  Besides these, arrive the intergalactical odd-looking, uncouth representatives from far & farthest parts of different milky ways and universes.  Which are their heads or tails, hands and feet, eyes & noses cannot be assumed.  Some bodies are the scum total of wo/man + animal. Among them some have come as spectators or observers from their respective worlds,  some have come as news personnel, to send news and depicture coverage for their own newsgroups to their own worlds and to the different veins and by veins of milky ways and nebulas. Some are relaying running commentary for the different agencies of various earths.  there are present the live & re-live templets & samplets of all kinds of aquatic, terrestrial, aerial and amphibious animals manimals and matters from all times and all places of all universes << all those who have participated in the cosmogonic currents of different times in some ways or other.
.... The rolling reel of the moving vision of the eternal time depicture is sometimes rewinded millions of years backwardly, sometimes fast forwarded many many years ahead, sometimes playing at the present time.  On the crossroads, the boundaries of past present and future become superficial again & again.  So goes on the cosmogonical moving vision of eternal times.
-M o v i s i o n   r u n s   o n-

.... Suddenly one brave woman journalist questions the sol: In what tactricks you’ve gathered all the replicas of the living and extinct world of nature in a moment in this cosmic fairy amphitheatre?
Sol: If we can drive back the time retrospective to the situation respectively when they were dissolved, we can get the true copy of them. In fact all the ingredients, energy, action and reaction are inherent within the celestial bodies of the cosmos >> only one has to trace it.  You search, to discover that to some extent 1day.
== You're evading.  Don't you want the inhabitants of all the planets and stars learn this mysterious natural technique and be benefited, so that they can come closer to one another?  Become helpful to one another?
== Oh, surely I want — but only if it becomes fruitile for the welfare of all creatures everywhere, not, if it becomes futile. In response to your queries if I expose the techknowledge behind these, will you be able to assure me that these will not be misutilized in massive destructive war or the terrific genocides implanted by the horrorists worldwide?  Can you give me assurance that these improved teachniques of science and techknowlogy will not be abused & misutilized to stubordinate and exploit the weaker people by powerful humans, weaker states by powerful states, weaker inhabitants of planets and stars by the powerful planets and stars?
== But one day they will know this techknowledgement.  What will you do then?
== Oh yes, they will know.  What they could not do in last thousands of years, then with advantech they will be able to achieve much more than that in a century and afterwards in a decade.  It is better that the asset of civilization to come quicker; the danger of civilization should be deferred to later—the later the better.  Here I will show only unto that far what could be perceived by the conception of humans, who are said to be the most intelligent creature in my kingdom of sundom.  I can’t say how everything happened, only I can say how it might or might not have happened.  It might  or  might not.  Yes  and  No.
== Still, won't you give us a sutra that passwords to crack the mystery of creation, existence and annihilation?
== 0 > P > E > C > L > E > P > 0
== Can’t follow.  If you please explain a bit—?
== I won’t brand my sutra as explicable by science.  Rather you may call it philosophic or observative it as one complements the other.
Here  0 = from the condition of n0n-existence of shaped matters in some epispheres of space to >  P  = floating subtle Particles concentrate enlarge and consolidate huge energy to >  E = Explode divide separate splinter and diffuse to >  C = Cosmic matters to >  L = at the end of the stages of beginning, being, development, evolution & decay in the life of living & inanimate matters again to >  E = Separate, Evaporate to >  P = Being subtle Particles to >  0 = back to the n0n-existent n0n-shaped stuff in space. 
As Precondition = 0  and Ex condition =  0
Therefore, Precondition  =  Excondition =  0
== But—
== No more but.  You try to arrest the answers of all your but-s from this probable depicturization.
Thus sayeth the Sol and disappear veiled by the clouds.  Everyone goes back to respective enclosures.
-Intermission-

In this stop gap audible is the hue and cry of different creatures of different stars, planets and humans diffused all over the amphisphere.  Here friend & foe, eater & eatable, rich & poor, feeble & powerful, master & servant, renowned & unknown every body/thing are powerless in the autodiktat of the Sol. An American artiste, John Denver sings a song strumming guitar admiring  of the Sol:
Sunshine on my shoulder makes me happy.....

Movision Two
.... The Sol begins to utter tardily: We shall now endeavor to observe the replica of the cosmos in the coup de theatre thru this tiny earth.  Behold, removing the veil of layers of indistinct cloud and mist around, the earth is rising in the supersky.
O The sunrays brighten.  The bluish inlightened splendid earth appears in the pictureel like a dazzling diamond in the blackground of universal horizon.  The Sol continueth: Nobody knoweth the cause of creation properly.  Yet only wo/man of earth giveth us some idea regarding this. Then let’s see what is the human conception?  Everyone cast your look at the earth. 
Big Close Up. Zoom in

Explosession
....  Whence the triumphant chariot of human civitualization is progressing through constant clapping and encores of human beings, whence the world clock traversing billions of years, has reached the modern times, whilst there is being exhibited how in ultra improved ways the trees are being felled, the crops are being cut, pesticides being rained, tiger lion elephant rhino &c all animals are being caged in zoos, shoes and dress materials are being manufractured from killing peeling and processing the skin of animals and whence greens vegetables, fish meat of animals, fishes & birds are being cooked in kitchens, thence excepting wo/man— all the utterly shocked birds, beasts, fishes and plants protest in unison and demonstrate against the humans raising uproar : Fie man fie, shame man shame!
Fie:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Shameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
....  As an act of sharp protest the furious Lion, as the king of beasts roars to order the Jackal Pandit to impeach man.  Silence in the entire episphere.  Only the inter-galactic news agents hurry to focus lenses silently on the Jackal Pandit.
Jackal Pandit pleads: Hukka hua, oh great Sol, who has conferred the right to wo/men to destroy the bird beast plants & fishes and natural habitatmosphere?  Coming in the earth after most of all of us, who has wrongly made them so much intelligent and powerful to be able to foster their tyranny by devilization over all other animals and land water and sky?  Hukka hua—
Sol: Your question is pertinent.  Man may destroy me also one day.  But I have no sense.  So I can't respond to these esoteric questions.  Better your arrow of complaints ====> is toward whom, let the humans answer you.
....  In this word of Sol a resonant human buzz diffuses alwhere. Here everybody is queen king all is pundit.  Especially who had controlled people in different ages as rulers, suckers & tycoons, here they are ordinary.  On the contrary who were philosophers writers litterateurs scientists or common people whose qualities were not acknowledged in the world, here they are revered. 
....  However, at last a handicapped young man stands up and says: My name is Akhenaton.  I was the pharaoh of Egypt in between 1388-1358 BC circa.  I said in my theory of Aton that the ray of the sun is the only god — which is the creator of everything, life-giver and life-saver.  Oh Sol, thou art the master of all!
....  Thereafter a yogini rises to say: I’m Gargi. I was the daughter of mahatma Bochku, a yogi of the Vedic age in India.  Even after the address of the pharaoh Akhenaton, there remains the question >> the sun or the rays of the sun must remain in something.  What's that?
Everybody is answerless.
Which is above the heaven, which is beneath the earth which is in between the earth and the heaven which is past, present and future — thus people sayeth — which remains spread through and through in which matter?
....  Now the matte haired highly spirited sage Jaggabalka responds: What is above the heaven, what in beneath the earth, what is inside this entire universe, what is past, what is present, what is future—thus people sayeth—all these remain spread through and through in the sky.
Gargi: In which matter the sky rests through & through?
Jaggabalka: Hey Gargi, the bramhans sayeth — he is that Akkhar.  He is not obtuse. He is not atom.  He is not short.  He is not huge.  He is not red.  He is not a tender matter.  He is not a shadow.  He is not dark.  He is not air.  He is not sky.  He is companion-less, juice-less, eye-less, ear-less, speech-less, mindless, vigor-less, life-less, faceless,  He is immense.  He is endless. outward less.  He eats nothing and nothing eats him.  Hey Gargi, in the direction of Akkhar Bramha, the moon, sun & sky remain grasped…..
==  My prexperience is different.  I had met the god Yahweh in the Horeb mountain in Sinai, says the prophet Moses clad in shepherd's dress.
At this some of the followers of Allah outcry sharply
==''Besides Allah there’s no other god."
==''His seat is spread in the sky and world."
==“Allah rains water from the sky to enliven the dead land and has sprinkled all types of creature in that”.
.... Hearing this some adherents of Christ uproar to lodge their counter claim: ''All the countries of the world are His and His Christ’s kingdom, and He will rule ever and forever.”
For this cause the crusades were held for a long time.  If it needs we’ll think for another.
.... Thus there begins heated debate and tumultuous brawl between the hard cores of the faiths regarding whose god is actually the creator of the macrocosm.  
Seeing this jackal, dog, hyena and entire creatures and plants veer & jeer with scores of laughter. Calming them the Jackal Pandit argues: Hukka hua, hey Sol, the big ignorant, so to say bignorant humans brag themselves the most intelligent creature.  Yet they will end themselves fighting with one another over their respective gods.  Can they tell how their god looks?
.... This remark pinches the human amour-propre.  So from the side of the nonidolaters it is said: How the god looks?  He is formless.
Idolaters intercept them: S/he has so many shapes.  S/he remains in countless forms and shapes. as Bramha, Bishnu, Maheswar, Parbati, Lakshmi, Durga, kali, Indra ....The ancient Greeks describe their gods >Minerva, Juno, Jupiter, Pluto, sun god Apollo, Jeus. Mayans staked claim with their god Kukulkan. Incas with Veeracocha and Pachamama. 
.... Intervening them 1 atheist Historian quizzes: If the imagination of the almighty god is right, then in the last about ten thousand years how could the almighty gods came one after another, defying the previous ‘almighty’ ones? Moreover, any god of any name of any religion isn’t obeyed by his/her/its non-followers—who vastly outnumber his/her/its followers.  And without obeying that god, still the non-followers thrive.  In that case what’s the attitude of that god or deity toward those non-faithful non-followers?  Also what’s the pragmation of imaging these gods or deities having partial power, as not acceptable to all peoples?  In fact if there were deities or gods who were effaced with the rise of Christianity in Europe, or when in Americas the different sects of native Indians and their godhouses were defaced and effaced by the colonialists and conquistaders, or in places and times as in India when Kalapahar or in China when San Yat Sen, were defacing images— then why those gods or their images were inactive and silent?  Practically so much bloodshed has been or will be drained by many kinds of selfish motives, feigning and swearing in the name of religion and god and their sincere and pious followers, which no other means has been or will be able to do.
.... Then the philosopher Xenophenes rises to speak.  Silence.  His eloquence grips the audience: We’ve heard the description of forms and shapes of gods & goddesses.  ''If ox, horse or lion had their hands and if they could draw pictures with those hands like man, then in the picture drawn by the ox— the deities would look like ox,  in the picture drawn by the horse—they would look like horse.  That means they would imagine their gods similar to their own figures..... That’s why the gods and goddesses of Ethiopia are short-nosed and black,  but the gods and goddesses of Thracia are blue eyed and blond.”
.... This speech of Xenophanes clinched the sympathy & support of the rationalists along with the whole world of creatures which is crystallized in the words of Jackal Pandit: Hukka hua, we welcome the courageous propinion of the great Xenophenes and add with that if there remains anything called god, then also the god for the humans and the god for the animals ain’t the same.  Because if that’s so, then s/he should treat humans and animals alike, without any partiality.  But in fact it’s seen that we the birds and beasts are chained, tortured, mistraced sacrificed. We have no carte blanche.  Over and above not giving any proper justice to us for those crimes of wo/man engaging animals like horses, elephants, asses, mules, dogs et al as their carriers,  the deities of man have humiliated us having chosen one or other animal as their vehicle and engaged us without paying any remuneration — as Durga engaged the lion, Ganesh the mouse, Laxmi the owl as their bonded labor.
All the world of birds and beasts shout slogans: Fie man fie, shame man shame!
Fie:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Shameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
.... Jackal Pandit silences them and restarts: Hukka hua, hey Sol, for thousands of years innumerable precious species of birds fishes & beasts either have been murdered or extinct being forced to live in the polluted diktatmosphere created by the so called civilized but in fact bignorant, barbarian (wo)men.  Has that crime of (wo)men any account with the record-keeper Chitra Gupta — the accountant of Jamraj— the death-god of wo/man!
Sol: Stop Stop.  It's of no use to spend more words!  It's a known fact in all times everywhere there have been and shall be forever the oppression by hook or by crook of the weak by the stronger, the fool by the more intelligent — tho that shouldn’t  happen by any means.  So, my dear Jack, cut short your speech.
.... Jackal Pandit: Hukka hua, if the weaker is oppressed by the stronger forever, and if in the kingdom of (wo)man’s god, or man-like god, these oppressions and injustices have no remedy then there arise these questions firmly: 1) either god is not there,  2) or s/he is unperturbed — it’s useless if s/he is or not,  3) or s/he is not aware of the oppression, injustice and torture of the weaker by the stronger,  4) or s/he is aware but prefers to keep deaf and dumb,  5) or s/he is her/himself  powerless to make wrong things right,  6) or s/he is one-eyed — s/he supports and mutilizes all these heinous crimes and in her/his direct or indirect instigation happen these criminalization.  So, oh revered Sun, let the gods of (wo)man be theirs, but misutilizing the animals and birds as their vehicles without compensation they will freely roam — the beasts and birds have been bearing this humiliation of slavery forever—but they will bear no more. So the animals of the world unite — the embodiment of god for the animals must be different.  (Pause for a moment).  Bearing in mind the words of Xenophanes the great, the shape of god for animals should be that of one animal —
- uproar of support by beasts. vehement protest by plants-
== Friends keep quiet, let me finish — and as jackal is the most beautiful, qualified, intelligent and the strongest of all animals — so shape of god of beasts should be that of a jackal — as the jackal-faced god Anubis of ancient Egypt — there should be no doubt about it.  Now all the jackals delightedly encore…Hukka Hua.
.... Hearing this at first the birds and beasts are bewildered to believe what the jackal said!  Then barring jackals all the creatures being furious on jackals go to teach them a lesson but here in the reign of the sun every body/thing is deactivated excepting the sun.  So all of them angrily curse, boo, and hoot to flout the jackals in schadenfreude: Chuck out the knave jack, who allowed him to plead?
== The rascals are vile and timid. In the daytime they hide in fear.  At night only they cry hukka hua.  And foxing to be the god of all creatures! fooh!
A bitch barks: Gheu gheu, it’s quite right god should look as an animal.  But for that there are chimp, monkey, gorilla, lion, tiger, elephant, alligator, rhino, whale, dog ... who are warriors and more intelligent, stronger and good-looking species.  Leaving these probeasts why a god should look like a timid pilferer ugly fox?  Lion, the king of beasts roars: Very justified argument.  The god should look as the Narashingha avatar— like a lion.  The elephant contests: Not at all he must be like Ganesh—an   elephant. Tiger claims god like a tiger.  Every beast and bird claimed the god should look like its species. It seems war is impending among bird beasts and insects.  
.... When termites, rats, or even locusts vaunt themselves more powerful than larger animals like tiger, lion &c: We’ve the capability to swallow the civilized bases of buildings and everything. (Wo)men haven’t been able to wither us.  The mosquitoes humble them humming: Not you, the god should look like us becuz even when mammoth, the predecessor of elephants had been extinct, but we had sucked the blood of dinos millions of years ago, and now we’ve been sucking & destroying impropertunist wo/men — our most formidable enemy, by injecting multiferocious diseases into them who ain’t yet able to disinsect us even firing canon.
.... Meanwhile there brews a hyper storm among the resenting trees and plants that disapprove the proceedings waving their branches fruits and flowers.  Being their representative one huge Bo, the tree of wisdom, pleads gently: the beasts and birds are now blaming the tyrant wo/man wholly to give themselves a clean chit.  Though with the animal world we agree that man is the most fierce harmer species of all.  Because destroying most of the forest recourses of our habitatmosphere mercilessly, they have set up human habitation.  With our timber, they’ve built beams, furniture’s, and posts of their civility and have been misusing us as fuel, exploiting our fruits, flowers, leaves, barks and roots in their own interest.  Thus from the beginning of wo/man’s arrival how many jungles have been mistraced by them — there’s also no record of that in the ledger of Sir Chitra Gupta.  Thus ruin of forest means change & poisoning of climate that will again bring catastrophic devastation for the entire world of living and matter.  But friends, wo/man destroys forest yet they also sow seeds, plant tree and cultivate.  Some black-bees and birds also help spread the trees and forests by pollination and scattering of seeds.  But apart from that most of the animal world ruins forest.  How many branches and leaves are lost only to feed an elephant daily?    
And not to speak of wo/man.  The civitualisation for which the wo/man touts with amour propre, was in fact in the beginning a sylvan civilization.  Now where there is debarrened arid land, there might have been forest.  Heterovorus humans digest plants and other animals, climates, oxygen, minerals, clouds everything in the outmosphere.  As if the earth is for humans to live their lives only.  Not for other plants and animals.  And our extracted essence is only to be burned as incense sticks in human’s god’s house or in their auspicious and festive moments or only to be used as their fuel & medicine?  Our flowers are only for charming the minds of wo/man to be used on their occasions?  If this happens to be the justice of the human’s god then that god is for impropertunist wo/man only — not not for the plant world.
Supposed to be impartial
god in fact often acts partial
and mostly favor
the powerful or clever!

.... So if we’re to burn then what’s our benefit of burning for wo/man?  If we're to burn, let us the entire plant world, burn in the sun and set the devil human devilization ablaze and turn them to ashes.  Let the poisonous plants and herbs inflict poison on human life to destructure them. 
Almost all the plant world support this statement by waving their branches, leaves twigs and flowers.
Oh great Sol, which giveth food  that’s god. Tree giveth food  that’s god. Which giveth medicine that’s god.
Sheltered under tree so many wise sages climax their meditation findings and practice considering the tree as god.  Oh Sol, the illuminator, there must be no doubt that god resembles tree.
-Strongly endorsed by the flora, enraged confrontation of the fauna-

Sol : Hey Flora, your statement is justified unto this limit.  But hereafter you’d combat among yourselves like the fauna and purport the god to look like your own respective species of plants.  The pine tree will claim the god to resemble pine — the banyan like banyan, bo like bo / and so & so. This umpirage of the sun dumbs the flora and fauna.
Then 1 idolater places the demand: As human being is the most brainy and sophisticated of all species, so wo/man’s god/dess is the god/dess for all the plants and creatures and that god/dess should look like wo/man.
Boisterous counter demand of creatures & plants

The nonidolaters contend: The god has no form & figure.
The idolaters contest: The god has form & figure.
== You're superstitious pagan image worshipers.
== Image is nothing but symbol — by which commoners can easily identify and concentrate.  And if worshipping symbol is superstition then why you worship one or other symbols?
== How?  Irate query of the nonidolaters. 
== If god is within everything everywhere, then what’s the use of building godhouses and prayer-places?  In fact prayer-places are also symbols.  Besides you’ve also the system of praying with different signs and symbols, graves, stones, chains & lockets etc with religious rituals & implications;  and in many cases some sections of you pray before the images and pictures of prophets.  These are also symbol worshiping, and so ain’t you superstitious too?
.... This time some propportunist hardcore exremistiques propel altercations, brawling and scuffling between both the sides in this fluke to encash power, publicity, money, fame and to hawk faux blessedness.  But whom they want to foment with this violent tactricks — almost all those multitude of common peoples, who are generally often tormented by the few faux religious ruffians — here the peoples are fearless under the umbrella of the sun and want to solve everything not by force, but by peaceful means. So the peoples rebuff these tormentors vehemently in unison: Why do you fake faith to be the authorized sole agents and saviors of your faith by which you swear, will sanctify your indiscriminate killings of innocent peoples who may be of your faith or of other faith, in your own interest of your fancied venture into heaven?
While more peoples charge: 
Why do you consider your religion
and it's holy & sacred books and rituals
are holier and more sacred
than those of the other religions?

Unphazed, these troublers announce loudly: War, war, we want blood of infidels.
To calm down the tension guru Nanak sermons: “There is but one God who rules the earth, the heavens, and the entire universe".  While Ramkrishna appears and rubs the dream cream of peace: “So many faiths that many paths.” : “Hatred does not put an end to hatred; hatred ceases by love”, simply conveys the enlightened Buddha.
(~!~)
.... These sermons ease tensions a bit.  The Sol summarised: Before you go on head on collision regarding the form and shape of god, you’re to determine at first>>
1) If there is any such thing as god or not?
2) If there is god  there are how many or just one?
3) Whether as described in different times, in different regions, in different names, in different figures or non-figures, as different gods,  are in fact the same one god or as many gods as prescribed & described? 
4) In case it is one, what’s his/her/its/their name; moreover do the god/dess/es themselves know all the names by which s/he / they  are called by the devotees of different religions/sects throughout all the different ages? 
5) If there’re different gods for other creatures & plants?
6) If god is not one,  there are how many in what names? 
7) Whether s/he/it/they is/are  the creator of everything in the macrocosm & microcosm? 
8) If s/he/it/they is/are  acquainted / unacquainted, apathetic, neutral about everything of the creation? 
9) And if neutral, then  what’s her/his/its/their work?
10) Can anybody produce any direct proof of god/s that address to redress these problems? 

.... The claimbuoyant gurus and protagonists of different religions and communities stake their claims: We’ve actually seen and talked to the god.  Only who believe will be able to see god.
This propinion of the gurus is refuted by some critrics, atheists and scientists: Only you yourselves have seen and talked to god this won’t do — first you’re to show the god to everybody, then everybody will trust.  Not to believe before seeing — believing after seeing.  Moreover if the god is got only by thinking, believing in mind, then what harm is there if we believe that there’s no god?

.... Here some followers of the envisionary sage Charbaak add: Is there anything called god — so that they’ll show?  don’t storm your brain on god.  So long you live, happily live./  Borrow money to eat honey.
Now the gurus of all creeds are enraged to curse in unison unequivocally: Go to hell you all nastyks heathens and kefirs. You’ll ruin.

.... Some bees and ants concert: What’s the use of cursing them?  They claim to be wise intellectual rationalists.  Let them answer that if god has not made,  who has done the diligent social system of us that are far more improved than that of wo/man?
Swarms of butterfly quiz flying: If not god, who has emblazoned our wings of colorina?
The Dahlia flowers interrogate: If god has not adored, who else has beautilized us?
Sol: Oh, Rationalists, Scientists and Atheists, have you got any answers to these questions which you can directly testify and show everybody?
.... Newton pleads: The universe didn’t spontaneously begin to form but was set in motion by God.
Disputing this Stephen Hawking opines his Grand Design: Because there is a law such as gravity, the Universe can and will create itself from nothing. Spontaneous creation is the reason there’s something rather nothing, why the universe exists, why we exist…It is not necessary to invoke God to light the blue touch paper and set the universe going.
Another scientist argues: How it’s possible to probe & prove everything of the creation and evolution from the beginning of atom till now?  We can’t prove now everything directly.  But does it infer that the entire cosmos is the creation by god? 
Sol: You yourself are unable to show and testify the cause of creation as yet, then how can you claim straight evidence of existence of god from the believers!  Howzthatttt?
Thundering encore from all believers of god

Sol verdicts: However you continue to try clear provement that there’s no god and in that case, how everything of creation happened. until and unless you can demonstrate that, in the meantime if we're to ply between imagination and conception >>> then ain’t it better to depend on poets and writers who’re the architexts of imagination?  So what do you think, writer?
Writer: In case of imagination & conception, there’s a commonness between pro-god and pro-science peoples.
S: How?
W: Perhaps you have noted what Democritus had observed nothing to exist except space and atoms; and now Hawking propines of spontaneous existence because of gravity out of nothing.  But if now somebody like the saint Gargi might again recur the same question —> who and how this nothingness or space and atoms had created?  Then again some godman like Jaggabalka, Moses or Akhenaton might resolve some of their kind of god had created these.  So both theists and atheists hyposuppose their proposition still echoes revolving and soaring around the same basic question as had been already was asked much before in the Vedas: “Who verily knows and who can here declare it, whence it was born, and whence came this creation?”
.... Pro-god people suppose that god is the cause of creation existence and destruction.  Then the different religions imagine the name/s and form/s or formlessness of their respective god/s.  Likewise the pro-science peoples also suppose or hypotheses something at first, then they resolve after examination, solution, and observation.
.... As in mathematics they first suppose to take it for granted the values of 0 as said to be discovered by Aryabhatta / and /or by the Mayans, and other digits, decimals numbers etc. Because if these aren’t presupposed, how can questions and equations be solved & answered? So why all these brouhaha? Because the differing answers differ. Their question remains basically the same in other words. 
The basic question is ?
Man is godmade or god is manmade?
 
S: This is rapid fire. What’s the answer to this vital question? Is there god?
W: My answer is yes and no. 
There is god to believers
no god to nonbelievers
and may be or may not be
dormant god matters little
to god-doubting godormants

S: Then what truth should people believe or unbelieve for sure?
W:
All is sure is for the very time being only
Truth is momentary for the time being
relative, illusive and elusive

Just as you believe in your belief
and unbelieve in other belief
so others have also the same right
to unbelieve in your belief
and believe in their belief

The time in which we’re now in which universe, it may be supposed that many such earlier preuniverses had been dissolved into molecules in the space.  When today’s cosmosphere will be dissolved.  again there will be new creation. thus from > start to > finish.  from finish > to > start. then where’s the beginning?  Where’s the end? 
There cannot be the end
of the end in the end

S: You couldn’t assume you’ve answered your questions yourself in your word. So to sum up— 
Worlden everything is for the time being.
Every beginning is for the time being.
Every ending is for the time being.
Whenever & wherever you start is your start.
Wherever & whenever you end is your end

The beginning has been triggered off— now only think of your end. Moreover and moreever—
Ahead you go for the glow

Uttering this the Sun signed off to become unseen.

Go for the Glow
.... Writer’s invision fizzles.  Opening his eyes he sees where the cosmic amphitheatre is distraced?  Where evaporated all the exposession of the celestial dreamatic jungles, birds and animals and all the past and present peoples, flora and fauna in the grosspective sublime ensemble!  Where dissolved his suspacious angst and realm of dreamdom?
.... The heat, fever, pain, and weakness of his body are respited.  By the magic wand of which he feels rejuvenated, cheerful with enerzealous.  As if someone has touched into his depth.  Aromance in the room.  Aromance resumes in his mind.  Aromance of the past.  He turns on the light.  Yes, on the table is a bouquet of night queen and burning sandal incense sticks!  The room stays tuned to proper housekeeping.  Clean!  His books and manuscripts are neatly mothered!  No torn pieces of papers scattered in the floor.  No cobweb on wall!  The king and queen from the pics stare at his face and smiling.  Their faces index that once we’ve seenjoyed so many nights lying embedded here in this bed in sextacy:  and now who art thou the feral interloper?  
.... But the smell of his heartrack is known only to his heartmate.  Then is the aromance fogged by her?  He is seeing wrong?  Smelling wrong?  Actually is it the signal for him to proceed in a new way with renewed, spiritized, recharged enerzeal? ... The way where there’s the aromance of fleur ... again that flower-showering Hijol tree depictions his mind ... No-h, he wants to restart de novo.  Hereafter he abruptly discovers a big grandi flora kept beside his pillow.
  Taking the fleur in hand he's utterly amazed!  A very rare Bramhakamal flower.  Here!  Of course plucked at least 2days back — but has been kept, as fresh as possible.  To feel the touch and smell of the unblemished flower he rubs it in his face nose eyes and chest.  But how this Bramhakamal crops up here?!  He reminds he had a plan with Hiya that one day being grown up they will go to the Himalayas in search of Bramhakamal.  He inchurns in excitement.  In his heart all on a sudden he feels the implience of unwithering ever-blooming Bramhakamal >> the bud of which turns into lines of opus in tune of his mind con amore:

i Won't Forget Bramhakamal

((()))
||

In my heart ever blooms
a grandi flora Bramhakamal
i won’t tear Bramhakamal
i won’t pluck Bramhakamal
i won’t forget the Bramhakamal

None to solace me now
Mispromises raining since my sense
Now i can’t afford to buy happiness
No heartmate to bail me revive
Manufractured by random debacles
still i stroll on my way
In my heart ever blooms
a grandi flora Bramhakamal
i won’t tear Bramhakamal
i won’t pluck Bramhakamal
i won’t forget the Bramhakamal

i drag trouble to grab me
i seek not to plagiarize
i am my own epitome
at nobody’s feet i seek asylum
that’s my doom.  that’s my bloom
In my heart ever blooms
a grandi flora Bramhakamal
i won’t tear Bramhakamal
i won’t pluck Bramhakamal
i won’t forget the Bramhakamal

((()))
||

(But even after composition of the song the librettist feels more words are in store for secreation.)
Often a hurt retreator in the war of life
not backed on the blue horse of Raja Pratap
chased by dire hazard of rout — my innate foe
i’m hid in jungle of people.  All kind doors shut
Today wining = politricks of wooing + bragging
Success = extra perks reward car house beauties
But to me >>>  that success quickly  bubbles

Like a worm crawling from stone age
affronted by tidy Chemical Ocean
i have no way to cross.  Still unruffled
when in my heart ever blooms
the composed Bramhakamal
Expressed by its hint  engrossed in its stint
honored by its award  healed in its reward
aired by its fragrance  stirred by its parlance
i won’t tear Bramhakamal
i won’t pluck Bramhakamal
i won’t forget the Bramhakamal

((())
||

.... Versifying the proem with le mot juste, his heartigo is now eased.  He strolls to the roof via verandah.  Now in dark there seems no difference between the sky and the sea.  There in the bottom are dots of light near and afar ...  On the above dots of stars...Some bohemian wanderer clouds.  Also waking street lamps.  Most of the hotel and shop glow-signs are now off.  Only in a nearby house in one room light is on.  Somebody sleeping. Yes he has visited that room 2 days ago.  He assumes it is Songket who called the writer at his room, after meeting him in the Tea Circle café with Romnis Pundit that day.
.... He zooms his eyes toward the ocean toward the skyline of the ending night.  Here and there somewhere may be someone or other soulitarian,  waiting for him,  blooming.  But for the time being he is alone in the silent solitary universe,  yet not alone.  As a cosmozen, his near and afar alwhere elicit that silent ethereal inexplicable universal call of universion!  To respond that call he now wishes to bid adieu to Biswapur for this time.  Just before sometime here at last the poet heralded the implience of 'biswa', that is cosmic sutra to spiritize his oeuvre—which has already begun.  Now his mind and body has become propitious.  In everquest he plans to get the first bus of dawn to invigorate the journey towards his opus.  The high tide in the ocean is about to thrust shortly.


(((((((((()))))))))


C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.4
Chapter 4: Risen World


Dysphoric Hearterrace 
....  Sleep evanesces slowly at the approach of dawn, but he fears to open the eye petals.  As if anguish will not besiege the mind if the eyelids are closed.  As if he will be able to sleep again and the anguish will subside. But anguishes are like water hyacinths……. If one wants to dip pushing these away, these again encircle from all sides……. And simultaneously just like a porcupine’s thorn, a thorn pierces deeply into the heart of consciousness unwarrantedly.  The heartshore is submerged by melancholic w~a~v~e~s. It seems if he could unawake forever / if he could dip deeply in the sleepy sleep / if he could remain unsurfaced, it would be better.  When the mind rises he wonders, what has he been accumulated so far up to his youth, so that he can remind something worthy, or the world can remind him? He can mind nothing such as to remind.  He preckons it would be better if mind does not exist in this world…….As if humen women roam in their birthing suits in the prehistoric age, as if there are no civitualization no science no culture no light no lovely love stub no prestige & prejudice no victory defeat malice envy hate pride tide nothing…… As if anything more had not happened would not happen / had not come would not come…..  As if throughout the universe there is only the kingdom of the king sun & the queen moon and only the darkness darkness & darkness / darkness within darkness / blindense darkness…..
.... As now it is darkness.
In darkness the crickets cry
Darkness outside the window in the fig tree
Darkness hanging in the window curtain
Suddenly he wonders if anybody is watching him surreptitiously?
He looks at the window but cannot see anybody.
That anguish revives and excruciates alone in darkness.
He gets up from bed. 3:51 am.  changes his dress.  goes out on the road.  the street lights at the end of night drowse in yellow sleep.  a few haggard street dogs chase him sometime yelping with great enthusiasm.
....  Leaving the lighted road he moves on to the short cut diversion through dark field.  By the side remains the Cosmovil Cooperative Farm.  The dim beam of the signboard of the farm having a yellow nap.  This agricultural fishery and small-scale industrial complex, situated at this newly emerging unknown unheard of small town Biswapur, covers a few square kilometers.  Fragrance of watery paddy field is floating in the air.  The morning star  *  in the western sky. While walking he approximates is anybody following him secretly?  He looks behind. cannot find anybody. still he is unable to walk quickly. he has not yet regained full strength in his legs.  The physician has advised him morning walk at the seaside open air to keep his body fit and legs moving.  He walks leaving behind the citizen lightings.  The tattering clouds loitering in the sky.  The furious roars of the sea will be explicit gradually from a short distance.  The far spreading rays of revolving light  from the lighthouse beside the olden fort will be visible over the sea.  He cannot understand when he reaches the seashore being hypnotized by the call of the night sea.  Nearing the sea he sees the sea as it is the sea, the sea as flowing forever.  He wonders that according to geoscientists the Indian Ocean was formed in the Eocene epoch of the Tertiary period of this Cenozoic era.  Was this Bay of Bengal here then in its primary stage as it is now?  The revolving light touching & crossing waves again & again.  This light shows directions to ships.  Oh light, can you show my way?  What should I do now?  Can you fill with light the entire darkness within me?  No no, if the entire darkness is turned to light, how light can be differentiated as the light? …. These doubtlook & questions he calls for the whirling light.  With great expectation / he gazes at the flickering light.  The dazzling rays / again plunge the waves / in puzzling dark…… like when the glaring light of the operation theatre was on, his eyes were drowning in darkness, and before he could make out what play would or would not start then, it seemed to Songket quickly for a moment that, he is lying in a white deathhouse, surrounded on all sides by whiterobed masked enemies who are coming nearer to catch hold of him with sharpened knives scissors etc. arms & weapons….. And masked sisters supplying them weapons. Songket wished to ask loudly….. You docs, do you wanna lull me to sleep forever?  Will I be able to play again?…..He could not get the doc’s reply.  Only Songket could think that behind the mask, the black young sister—who was providing weapons—resembled very much to that aboriginal young girl whom he had met at the Marangburu festival, who being a bit intoxicated guzzling mohua liquor, did burst into waves of laughter and pulling his shirt said:  Hi, seeee what this crazzzzzzy guy sayin’ listen—
Cut
.... That leg was not amputated, it is quite ok for walking freely, but not fit for boyish plays.  What else can be more miserable & painful for a rising player?  He hurls this quiz gazing at the sea.  A pack of waves crumble and tumble down washing his feet to rap:  You’re so mean!  ever quest, how vast the ocean, the earth so vaster & the cosmos even  v-a-s-t-e-r.  The  human  passions  hopes  desires  so  i-m-m-e-n-s-e, how trifle are your sufferings in comparison to those?  Think of those and your pain’ll reduce and disappear.
==  Ocean, you’re so big.  Too generous.  I’m a common man.  My periphery is too small.
The sea surges into uproar:  No.  You see I may be large, but I've size measure & limitations. While wo/man has no such limitations.  Because s/he has infinite storage of intellections & knowledge.  S/he can be meanest as well as only s/he can be greatest.  So if you can, try to be greater, sharing greater sufferings of many others.... Enouncing this  the innumerable waves drumpet simultaneously in a high uproar, or as if Songket hears the concert of lahara of the past present and future periods of time beaten at a time in Trital  in thousands of  Tablas.
+
Dha~dhin~dhin~dha
3
dha~dhin~dhin~dha
0
ta~tin~tin~ta
1
tete~dhin~dhin~dha

....  All the stresses and distresses accumulated within Songket during the last over than three months begins to reduce and recede slowly & slowly …….Kicking off with the excitements of chasing the ball in front of the goal—tussle—tackled & dashed by an opponent player, his falling down being seriously injured in the knee.  The sad compassionate eyes of the anxious coach Singhda. Who often reminds his wards: 
You are right if you win the fight
You are wrong if you lose outright!

....  But he knows very well that from now on he will not be able to fight in the playfield. That farewell to playground lying in stretcher, passing through the anxiety of sympathetic playmates and beloved spectators.  The doctor has signaled him danger if he plays again.  So good-bye, sportive spectators, au revoir!  The generous ocean eases Songket’s long-standing overload of stress and strains.  Though he often comes to the sea, yet the sea so long did not solace him.  Songket now seated on a stone block, shaped like a black buffalo.  People call it Buffalo Horn.  Till now the water playing with  his feet.  But now the waves are dancing stancing surrounding the Buffalo Horn.  It is about to be drowned.  So he is to leave. This is the reigndom of seawaves.

Morning Shows The Shore
....  Plenty of little crabs & oysters.  scattered on the shore.  Flocks of sea gulls fly in search of food.  The waves are supplying them with little trifle fishes and the flighter birds are rushing out to that spot.  May be the satisfied birds are thanking the waves for dishing them out the fishes.  But can those fishes, driven by waves on the shore, dare to complain the waves:  Why are you driving us to the mouths of the wicked birds and demonic wo/men and depriving us of our right to exist?  The focus of the lighthouse has gone off a while ago.  The original skylight likes to come to light.  Though it seems the sun will be hiding behind the cloudy curtain today, but it fails to disguise itself fully.  It’s slight blushing is imprinted on the hem of the clouds.  Irritating wind. a bit chilly.  A man at a short distance, is waiting eagerly holding the end of a cord tightly, throwing bait of a pierced small fish at the other end of the cord into the water.  Songket approaches him to ask:  Hey, gotta catch?  Focusing his sight firmly attached in the cord, the man utters nothing, only stoically nods his head. Deserting the shore he ups to the seaside path — Beauty Way.  School and college girls—young women notably pass and bypass through this way.  So losing its real name — Gandhi Way it has turned to Beauty Way in womenclature.
Streetlights are still on.  It is indistinct  morn.
The nearly lonesome street.
A cycleful of newspapers / A vanful of uprooted vegetables.
A truckful of sucktioned  milk /  A carriageful of overflowing hay.
On both sides of the Beauty Way
Rows of trees  flourished by flowers.
....Under the trees on both the sides, a few health seekers and ambitious sports boys & games girls are exercising jogging and shifting away.  With them running, panting breathlessly & spiriting out are their invisible shadows.

....  Today no known face is seen among them, what he finds on other days.  All brand new faces from schools & colleges.  Newly new faces.  Though in this way he also used to run, only some times ago.  With subtle pain he realizes that next ones are gradually capturing the place of his generation.  Again when these present new ones will grow older, they will also be naturally replaced by next generation.  No place in the world remains vacant.  It always fills up.  Such will be surely.
Note, has his team gone invalid without him?  Among the old ones he only finds Monsieur Nadeau practicing in rigorous penance to slash the weight and measure of his huge belly.  The sleep of sea view hotels behind the trees gradually thins.  Such dawning is memorized to him.  This is his olden morning numbness. 
Walking ahead, at a round turning of the road
joins a lane, rushing from the seashore.
On both sides row of orderly trees.
Overflowing mild fragrance of Sheuli flowers.  While passing through that spot Songket sees from distance, a girl slowly becoming vivid in the twilight.  Not a paragon of beauty.  Yet dreambuoyant Songket thinks there is some something in her face.  Shoreless chemystery in her dreamatic eyes.  Just like this mystic twilight.
The one glances at the one in soft & amiable eyes
descends eyes again glances, descends eyes…
The other glances at the one in soft & amiable eyes
descends eyes again glances, descends glances…
While the one’s eyes roll over the other >>
then the other’s eyes roll over the one <<
just like the rolling light of the lighthouse.

....  While passing her, he smells the cosmetic fragrance of her body….. the fragrance of Sheuli flowers…. In his hearterrain rapidly increasing showers….. He had gotten this fragrance at this spot, this path, this time, a few months back; before he was rounded off in his last match ……ceaseless showers…. They had seen each other for a few successive days at this wee hour.  He heard her name Shrota ….rapidly increasing showers…….

Omni Pundit’s Fizza 1
....  Thence in one fine morning session of adda at the Tea Circle when Songket was introduced to an outsider writer, a visitor at Biswapur for the first time, that day as soon as he mentioned this girl to the nascent scientist Romnis Pundit ( aka Sarbagga = omniscient >> Omni Pundit), he grilled Songket  probing
Omni Pundit:  Eh Song, you look like a virgin in this line, at last thou too brute-us? you seem docile. in fact you’re an 
Earthworm in house
Outside shrewmouse

Chicks look at u too then in fluke?  lubber lover?  eh?  all ladventurers!  couldn’t they find other ladyventurers?  while others remain starving?
Songket: Ah-ha, nobody looks flukes at me.  Often I see her at dawn.  That’s why I’m asking u Punditda—
== Advices can’t be doled out free of cost.  consultancy charge is there.  Hey Faltu, bring me a 3rd degree cuppa in Song’s account.  Now tell me, where do u see her?
== At the stoppage of Satyen Bose Lane & Beauty Way crossing.
== How’z her appearance?
== Not a piece of angel, but glamorous, goable.
Faltu serves tea.
{Sipping the 3rd degree cup in a serious voice}  Hum, height?
== Might be 5’3”-4”
== Breadth?
== That means?
== That means VS = Vital Stat.  All tiro dreamatist!
{Being embarrassed)  Have I measured?
[Making faces)  Have I  m e a s u r e d?  All novice rubbish, baboon—Hylobytes Hulook, haven’t u any assumption?
== Well, might be  34-25-36.
Punditda spills the beans rubbing his unruly hair with one hand:  If i tell/ you’ll tell/ Punditda is telling tale. But it must be that awry-faced Shrota Chakraborty.  Undoubtedly.  lives at Satyen Bose Lane.  father a govt employee.  transferred here a few months ago. reads at Michael Madhusudan College.  plays flays at the college girls’ cricket team.  I’ve seen.  but plays flays nothing extraordinary.  learns turns musicusic. Tho I haven’t  heard.

Menterrogation
.... Cut to Ceaseless showers…… Shrota waits at this stoppage to avail the first morning bus as a part of her daily road map.  Today too Songket leaves Shrota behind and goes towards the Tea Circle at the stand.  Shrota waiting / at the stoppage standing.  Shrota knows him, Songket his name.  Looking at Songket, Shrota today too recalls her childhood pal Monda….. In such dawns as if in childhood shorts those tiny little hands legs sensitive face eyes…… Shrota minds this 1 funtasy in mind.  Whoever she finds, in reverse look up she primagines how’ll be h(is)er  face-cutting when grown up, or how was h(is)er face-cutting at h(is)er childhood?  Or how h(is)er mother’s face might be then, how h(is)er father’s face might be then?
.... Prior today, in the few mornings, or when she  saw his last play at the soccer ground, as well as when he was being carried back by stretcher to hospital  injured and pain-struck, then, and today also when she is trying to primagine his childhood face, the face of her childhood mate Monda surfaces on her mind. [The first morning bus comes to stoppage, Shrota gets in.]  That very Monda, who had not met her being hurt, when they were leaving Banglagram.  Only when the train began to move, she saw 2 timid tender sensitive eyes beaming through his gaze from distance:  Well, going away, all right, go. Never shall we meet again.  And in fact they have not met.  Who knows if they will meet someday?  If they meet now they won’t be able to recognize each other.  [Shrota gets down.  Enters her tutor’s home.] It seems Songket in his early years was perhaps like Manda.  But how he would look at his old age?…… with gray hair and beard.  No it doesn’t suit.  This prelusion is worthless.  [Shrota gives / takes her lesson from her tutor.]  How Songket’s mother’s face might be?  [Shrota smiles styles prattles rattles with her coeds and chums.  Boards the bus.  Returns home.]
....  How Songket’s mother’s face might be?  Shrota’s mom has been sick for a long time. Always she lies down or sits.  Seldom she rises and looks after home affairs like a parent.  Impossible gloomy silence, she does not like.  She fancies to hug and fondle mom like her childhood days.  But mom’s face is cold calm mum.  How Songket’s mother’s face might be?  His face is  girlic.  In such a feminic face, long hair / earrings / and wearing — what women generally wear—necklace in neck, thin bangles in hand sounding rinijhini.  But to sum up / it follows / as if Songket clad in ladies’ garments, only doubling the age. But in breasts?…… It is funny to funtasize Songket a woman.  Absurd / it is heard, in the past men used to play female roles making up themselves as women in opera.  It looks like hijra or eunuch if dressed that way.  Shrota’s father has gone out on official tour.  Her younger sister not yet returned from morning school.  She prepares tea & breakfast, gives her mom and haves herself.  Looks at sea / while sipping tea.  The sky is cloudy.  It has been raining now and then during the last few days.  If such weather hangs on the ensuing college fest a few days later will be rained out.  How Songket’s mother’s face might be?  Will it rain today?  She reads weather report:
Weather Forecast
Staff Reporter: The weather farecasts the sky will be sometimes cloudy sometimes clear today.  A few showers likely  on Monday.  The maximum and minimum temperatures on Sunday recorded as 32.9 (+1) & 26.2 degree C (normal) respectively.
....  If it rains then / what can be done? …… How Songket’s mother’s face might be?  She starts to cook.  After cooking she will go to college dishing out her mother and sister their meals and having her own.  But Sakina is not yet coming with milk and marketing.  She looks at the sea through the window.  insignificant.  just like everyday.  She begins knitting wool in gaps of cooking.  she mistakes in stitching. stitches fall. stitches forward. increases ahead. yarns forward. decreases stitches. mistakes again. turns matted. at last she opens the Easy Knitting book and finds out the pattern:
Pattern: Peacock Tail  (12 stitches)
1st row---* Knit 2 stitches together, yarn
forward 4 stitches, 2 stitches together
2nd row—all reverse
3rd row— ,, forward
4th row— ,, reverse
After the end start from the beginning.....
* Mark the place to begin with the repetition.
....  This repetition everyday bores her.  Yet she has to kill time.  How many cardigans she will knit for her sister?  Shrota loves to dreamagine that day when she will knit soft woolen garments with her heartful colors for her heartistic heartrekker.  She will take his measure herself.  If that heartmate impatiently moves, she will rebuke him mildly saying: Keep quiet, can’t u be patient for a few moments?  That tall handsome healthy himagic man….. Songket’s face flashes her mind.  Phew, is he handsome?  Having no means of livelihood, only his face is illusive.  How his mother’s face might be?  She knits & knits & knots again.  At this time Sakina returns from the bazaar.

Politricks @ Work Circle
.... Sakina promptly goes toward her home delivering milk, consumables and the residue money.  Lots of works she has to do.  She will have to attend the farm after cooking and eating.  Sakina is not a local woman.  She was a housewife of Chingrikhali village near the Sundarbans region that may be how many miles east afar from here she does not know.  Her husband used to catch fish at estuaries in dense forest.  There innumerable creeks bogs rivers tributaries estuaries are fulfilled with wriggling fishes.  In those areas of tiger’s havens, under tigers’ paws, the Royal Bengal Tigers are the suzerains.  Why should they let the trespassing men go out of their grab?  So,  young  fishermen often hunted by the tiger lords to be the prey for their grand feast.  Village after village / village after village / village after village after village after village, mourn the loss of their young men.
As hunger obeys no prohibition by mom sister wife
,,  hunger obeys nobody’s tears
Tiger obeys no vowing at pir’s hermitage
,,  obeys no swearing by any name of god
,,  obeys no offering to sylvan goddess
,,  obeys no offering to tiger-trapping charm & spell.
.... Hunger does not obey, does not obey but what to do what  to eat?  When fish is not available some of them drop down to death by the kissing of snakes, while collecting wild vegetables snails shellfishes water lily.  There is a wretched cooperative  of fishermen in the village.  The influential 5 heads of the village manipulate machinery there.  So Sakina’s young man went for fishing with a boat owner. He had only a piece of worn out cloth to wear, a burning pair of eyes and a dreadful hungry hollow in his belly.  With this sumtotal he was dragged to the hollow of a Royal Bengal Tiger.  What the Sakinas do then? Shake hair and pluck flower?  No, that is impossible, as they are to pacify hunger.  After various futile attempts to get a job, she had to lay her begging hands at the door of the moneylender Chulluswami of Chingrikhali.  He did not pay without interest—something or other, one had to pawn to him.  Sakina hath nothing but her body which she had to keep mortgage to Chulluswami. This was not the moneylender’s real name. Spoilt indolent youths of the village calleth him in this name secretly; and in course of time Chulluswami becometh his name for these reasons:
1. They sayeth his secret indigenous distillation (=chullu) business operates under the kind indulgence and mild rapprochement of the political party leaders and rulers.
2. The rumor runs that in the aforesaid business + also for serving the give and take gladventure of the valuable bodily greetings massage of him and the esteemed customers, about 40 (= challis > chullu) sexicutive maids are in secret service. So who is the owner of this life + wife rendering chullu + the sex post facto owner (= swami) of the bodies of the maids, he is >> Chulluswami.
.... Thus it was going, thus it would go, had that area not been havocked by disastrous cyclone & flood nearly 2 years ago.  Her last bond, her little son swayed away in floodwater.  The boys and girls cadre of the Rebel Party went there at that time for rescue work.  With Mohiuddin of that party, Sakina came to this Biswapur.  With the effort of the Mohiuddins, after a brief training she got a job at the Cosmovil Cooperative Farm.  Except that, she brings milk and marketing for a few houses.  With all these  she manages a modest living somehow.  For the last few months that Mohiuddin has been confined under detention act.  When will he be released?
Returning home Sakina does her little cooking in quicktime.  Eats.  Hastens towards the farm. For the head of the department of fishery of the govt. will visit their fishery today.  So petty officials are very active to show their efficiency today.  Reaching there she ears from her 1 colleague that Mohiuddin came here this morning, being released, and enquired about her.  Again he will come in the evening / to join the meeting.
Next scene >> Meeting place

.... At the background of the stage a drawing of a huge fish  (.)   
... .On the stage > (from Left to Right) president of the cooperative, local people’s representative, district magistrate, the fisheries’ head.
The front row > (from R to L) govt. officers, local police chief, bosses of panchayats & Cosmovil Coop Farm etc.
Back rows > farmers, fishermen, laborers and so & so & such & such bros & sis— the general back benchers will have to be supposed to sit fit at the rear seats as usual.  A mediaman is recording the proceedings.
.... The co-op secretary reading the report: “….. We in our 10 bighas  fishery with govt assistance, have netted about 7462 kg fish this year, by cultivating about 182 kg katla,  common carp,  silver carp, mirgale  &c.………”
The Fishery Head: “…….Due to shortage of trawlers we are unable to spread the network of extensive fishing to the extent of 40 thousand sq miles area in the Bay of Bengal.  But trawlers of several foreign countries use to catch fish here.  Even some foreign trawlers are trespassing.  Hiding their countries’ flags they enter into our sea area, catch fishes and runaway.  So we need more equipped trawlers.  The  govt. is considering to supply more modernized boats to the seafarer fishermen…
Cut

Change of Scene

From amongst the listeners 1 stands up to intravene, the mediaman promptly stops recording.
== But Sir, only 2 questions.
! What the govt. is doing to free the oppressed people from the stuffocating trap of bureaucratic lethargy and redtapism?
!! And what step has the govt. taken to stop the large-scale theft?  Here, we can say that a substantial quantity of fish raised from sea and from the fish cultivated at the co op ponds by the hard toil of the fishermen, is mistraced being secretly sold away before hitting the markets and govt stalls.  Would it be possible, if there were no black hands of a few co-op directors & misleaders behind this misventure?
It is people who are at the receiving end
for all the misdeeds done by the rulers
or the bigot evilians
posing as kind civilians

== Sir, if u want we can mention the names of the misappropriators      
Cut

.... Inscene >  A few white dressed volunteers dragging away that speaker forcibly. The speaker falls down in the tug of war.  A few Rebel Party cadres rush and raise and reguard him up.  A jostling is about to start.  The speaker himself pacifies the cadres:  Sham, u all stop.
Sham:  U re released only today.  U re still sick Mohida, they’ve grounded U and we’ll stop?  (Grasping Mohiuddin’s hand), U ’re hurt.  Go home. We’re here.
Mohi:  No no I ain’t hurt.  Should I go home leaving u now?  If there’s a scuffle?  I’m all right.  Taking the unsuspecting general people as hostage and scapegoat, politics has mostly been the benevolent mask of civilized evilization. I Know they won’t let us speak.  But how long they’ll be able to resist?---
.... All his associates convince him:  You are ill and hurt.  We promise that under any provocation, we won’t let happen any scuffling that might discredit our party.  Besides, they’ve released you today, but if you’re arrested again on the plea of disorder here—would that be advantageous for the party now?  Better you go home and take rest today. Sakinadi will accompany you.  We’d see what happens today and report to you tomorrow.
Mohiuddin too cannot ignore the probability of his rearrest.  So  he reluctantly leaves the place with Sakina.  While going away they hear from afar the slogans of the Shams:  Down down with the black hands of the Cosmovil Co operative misleaders—down down.......
Cut

Ruptured Hearthen Rampart
.... Change of spot >> Rail line.  Sometimes cloudy sometime lighted denoting pale light of the sickle moon. Desolate.  The time conscious evening train has gone away a while ago.  Again it will be back in the pre-morning.  So they 2, walk thru the rail line instead of the train.  Feet slip from rails to stone chips.  stone chips sound.  any one observing them?  why.  no.  none. So many words are stored for a long time.  The words of the party fellows behind the bars, words relating to the organization, words of a change: U know, our great leader Rebelo has said…. “Let the past remain to whom it remained / let the present be anybody’s / but the future’ll be ours, only ours”.
.... Sakina cannot follow all the words of Mohi.  Yet she has high hope and confidence on Mohi.  anybody following them?  where.  no.  none.  Beside the rail line is a culvert.  They used to sit at that rendezvous of them sometimes in evening.  now also they sit there.  In course of words & words Mohiuddin forgets the bitter hurly burly of the meeting place a while ago.  He desires to remain dipped in this deep taste of eternal & returnal freedom returning outside the stone-hard prison walls after a long time….. It seems to him / is it not earthen & hearthen sentimentality? / In wide daylight / is it not a lie out and out? / If it seems let it seem / for the time being it’s a selectric charm…….  It’s a charm to Sakina too……./ After the daylong hard toil / returning to  the  black and blank room blank bed it seems / so much hard labor / daily rounding up / all these for whom and why? / Why the hell these are all meant for? / Tiptop room husband child world all these are / for every other woman but not for her?…. Sound of selfrolicking water beneath the culvert.  On the other side across the line nearby the dune, the message of winds blowing and flowing over the tamarisk shrubs.  Call of the sea from not very far.  On that outmosphere the moon’s fair together.  In their face & eyes the news report the light & shade of the moon & cloud proud picturescope.  moonlight shining & fading out. again & again. on the rolling steel of rail line.

)

IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

This rail line gone how far away
Then where it ends therefrom begin other lines
Where those end therefrom begin  other lines
Thus one can return rolling over the whole world
Yet this rail line doesn’t know all these in the least
Only the worlden dead steel sheets, at other’s will
as far as seen in forlorn dark, lying for nothing
On their heartrack  running the faster heartrain

Saki: Know, I like this  type of moon-pictures…Clouds fizzling out moon…moon dazzling to flash right again.
[After this interstop. A few minutes silence only, then]
== Why u look so sick and lean like a dried jute stalk?  Didn’t they give good food at jail? …. Did they beat too much? …..Have u eaten anything today?
Mohi: Yeah. with Sham at noon I’ve had tea and —
Saki: Stop stop. I understand u have had the royal dish.  Now be kind enough to get up.  Let me boil something for u.  You'll eat and sleep early.  You’ve had  the whole day pressure.  Tomorrow from early morning again that monotonous hard toil.
Mohi: Again u’re taking me to yr place,  fanning scandal?
Saki: As if anything left due to be stained!
Cut to

Awake So We Beget Words
Change of scene > Sakina’s hut

.... Sakina cooking / and  Mohiuddin looking, being wondered.  Sakina’s promistic face animated by the fire of the fireplace.  Such a homely heartmosphere so far has been unavailable to the partisan, and at this moment heartisan Mohiuddin, since his mother gone to grave.
Mohi:  Saki, how it’ll be to get married?
Saki:  ‘ll be marvelous!  But whom should I marry?  U?  It’d be funtastic.  Only it needs to tell the jailor to arrange for the 2 of us to live in the same cell / in the jail.
Laughter together
Ending laughter a hidden gloom imprints in their face.
Scene > Bed

.... Moonbeam glows on glossy leaves of the Chhatim tree.  Moonlight breaks thru the rule of the window, and rests on the bed.  Drowsy fragrance of chhatim  flower.
Saki: U haven’t slept yet?  Still awake?
Mohi: Yeah, u too're awake.
Saki: I’ll be asleep.  Today u’ve talked a lot.  No more.  Sleep.  Guess how deep the night now.  In such a dense night, may be the moonlanders are also asleep.  All of the whole world is asleep.
Mohi: All ain’t asleep.  With our sleep sleeps the world.  With our rise rises the world.  We rise thru words.  We’re awake, so we beget words.

W  o  r  d  s

The restless night couldn’t sleep as we are not asleep
So many words stored in store to be restored in heart
As we awake the world awakes
As we sleep the world sleeps
  
In the drowsy fragrance of Chhatim flower
Arises how unspeakable sweet revengeful desire!
We are awake so we beget words
Words beget words
Words grow words
Night....grows......in......words
Pain......grows......in......words
Pain......eases........in......words

Pain eases in words / Pain grows in words
Night grows in words / Words grow words
Words beget words

We are awake so we beget words


((((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.5
Chapter 5: Dreamatic Rendezvous


Factasy
.... Then factstat of the city where Sadarghat is situated:
Area: 815.85 square km. (approx).  Population: Ever increasing.
Weather: Tropical.  Sunny most of the year.  Heavy monsoon rain fall.
Temperature:
Summer........................................................Winter
36.7° C.......................highest.......................21.1° C
31.7° C.......................lowest........................10.5° C
Rainfall:  2540 mm (annually).Humidity:  80% (normal).
Dress:Light tropical in summer. Light woolen in winter.
Language:  Bangla. Electricity:  220 volt ac. Exchange:  Taka.
Sight seeing:  Central Sahid Minar, Baitul Mokarrum, Dhakeswari temple, Lalbag fort, 1857 Memorial, National Museum, Graveyard of poet Nazrul, Parliament, Cruise on the Boori Ganga.
Excursion: Sonargaon, National Monument at Saavar.....
Well, in the impeded Sadarghat of that city drops down Hasnuhana flanked by her mother and brother in one ebbing afternoon.  Her brother Bahar drove them here to see off.  Hasnu shoulders a bag in addition to her etui.  Bahar ports the heavy suitcase.  Mother Zarina clutches a light jute bag.  After ticketing they plank on a billowing small boat which ferries them to one of the motley steamers parked in deeper water on the river Booriganga.  Bahar hurriedly climbs the upper deck and grapples a cabin for the 2 ladies – his mother and sister.  He stacks the luggage there and seeks to return home, as he is to sit for an exam tomorrow. Before he departs, his mother strictures:  Fare well in the exam.  Have your meal in right time.  Don’t wake up till late night.
Bahar nods his mom and tells his sis Hasnu: Take care on the way.  Phone me on reaching.
Then he hurries back to the ferry.  Ashore he fizzles out in the hoi polloi in quicktime.  His mother and sister gaze his fading out…...........

Mid Shot
.... Zarina selfixes herself to upkeep the belongings of the luggage.  They are to spend the night on water.  She uncovers foods in the air so that it doesn’t rot.  Hasnu watches mother to neatly housekeep everything in the mean time.  The cabin is clean. Ironed bed sheets on the 2 beds.  On the pillow covers in mother’s fine needlework it’s embroidered:
Happy Family Is Essayed By Virtuous Woeman
.... After the work done Zarina heard she had misspelled the word woman for which she regretted that time.  But later she absolved herself that nowadays so many women are full of so many mistakes to be called woeman – so she hadn’t done any wrong in misspelling the word.  Besides spelling of the word might change in future.
She hangs the water bottle in the hook on the wall.  Beneath the bed she exports the suitcase and residue luggage.  She didn’t find time to read the newspaper for making the prolusions of this outing.  Now she unfolds to read today’s paper.  But in the miserly light of the waning day in the cabin she finds it difficult to read.  So she logs out of the cabin and saunters on the deck to find a vacant chair with table to read wearing her spec
\o-o/
....  From one side of the deck one in lungi & skullcap leaves after offering namaz.  Beside him some young men are preoccupied, playing cards.  Some more people sussing out. their game. attentively. environing them.  At times the reshuffling splinters of their titillation service her ears.  A pale lad whacks fruits: Eat fruit get strength.  The fruitile lad asks Zarina: Buy mango?  If you eat ripe it’d be sweet, eat it green now it’d taste sweet.
== I’d have taken if it were sour for prep of pickle 
The lad spins naughtily to hardsell: Then I won’t bluff.  This mango will be sour.  Best for pickles  I’ll reduce price for you, he chuckles.
== Pop off. Double speak in 1 mouth.  Which of your words is correct?  I won’t take your mango.
The fruitile lad fails to sail and bounces.
....  Zarina gazes the sun downs its red lamp.  The colorina of eternal and returnal picturescape in the firmament.  Many more steamers, launches and boats floating on the Booriganga.  They hail from and sail to different parts of the country as per their fixture.  Their lights turning on indiscriminately.  Zarina clamps down her attention in the newspaper.  But her mind is fidgety.  Tomorrow Bahar will have to sit for another paper in his exam in medicine.  She fears whether he will take his meal properly at night or forget to put out light and doze off.  Though she has a whole time cook in her home, she knows Bahar toes nobody’s lines. bypasses.  She would not have so much agony if his father had lived today.  A few years back a chunk of their village property was wrested away by the musclemen of their opponent political party.  In that tussle her hubby’s heart disease soared and abridged his life abruptly.  Even being a doc of med himself he didn’t care to hand himself over to medicos, thereby skidding to land himself into trouble brushing aside everybody’s request.  His son has inherited his credo of obstinacy to canonize: Alright. I’ll take care of them!  let my exam be over first.
....  But Zarina doesn’t want to rope in her high-handed son to the village.  Because now there is the free reigndom of their bashers’ party.  A single flick of inadvertent remark on the part of her indignant son may hot up the latent flameboyant situation and add diesel to flame.  So she herself is trying to buy peace and reach out to an out of the court settlement by sopping out a part of the encroached land to the encroachers.  Otherwise even if she wins the case after years of long legal struggle, will she be able to get back possession of the land?  Calculating this she wants to errand her country home with Hasnu for once before Bahar’s exam is over so that a solution to the problem is drafted by way of wheedling and blandishment.
Of course, for this her hook is Khalifa.  Khalifa is a son of the grabbers’.  He is a contractor.  Now the government is theirs.  None other than their bashers net all the top work-contracts.  Now Khalifa has zeroed in on Hasnu.  He has hinted that if Hasnu marries him  +  all the litigations against them are withdrawn, he would consider to return 1/4th of the property under their distraint, hogging to himself the remaining major share as his dowry for marriage.  In that case Zarina would be able to kill both tiger and lion at a single shot.
....  Her daughter too, ain’t a fairy.  Only has a little bit of glam, that’s her eligibility.  So if that is translated into reality she will be alleviated from her liability of daughter and a part of her prop may be recovered conking out the rancor.  Of course her fireband daughter Hasnu becomes a volcano if she hears the term liability of daughter.  Besides the girl has an obsession on Prottoy from her puerility.  That will be effaced if she weds Khalifa.  Because Prottoy might be goodish as a groom, but after all he is not of her faith!  Though labeled as the spy of foreign country, Prottoys had escaped to India, being flushed out of their land and property and intimidated to be killed and raped by the Khalifa & co. (Covertly she is not unhappy for this, as her daughter is saved from the infidel inauspicious fire!)
....  But Prottoy has a cousin brother Sukrit who is a stubbordinate thriving legal eagle at Dhaka bar.  He is moving the litigation for them at the court.  He is a diehard guy not to give up and adjudged: Well, I don’t agree to leave my ancestral country and enter into a foreign country as a refugee.  If I live I’ll live here.  If I die I’ll die here.  Let me see first what the constitution provides for all legal angles and wrangles.
....  Whatever might be, as a woman what else better / can she synchronize for her daughter?  But only after these arrangements are structured, she will let Bahar know.  Surely he won’t agree.  He is arrogant no doubt but she believes, at last he won’t balk his mother.  Contrarily of Hasnu she is afraid / the bride who is to wed.  Will Hasnu buy this arrangement?  She is different and indifferent. As after all Hasnu is her daughter!  Her moves quite unpredictable.  She will think 1 / tell another /but will do only whatever she wants.  She won’t discuss / what she will do only as per her focus.  What she’s gotta do she’s gotta do: 

Solve all problems
....  Zarina's thought–thread severeth.  As she beholdeth some people are gulping the words walling a middle aged bearded dignified man clad in long black robes with neck-chains made of colorina stones and small wooden balls.  The twilight & riverain wind playing with the aura of his disheveled long hair and beard.  Some of his musical prowess imprinted in his song lyrics as eared by Zarina:
Word is word’s enemy
Creeper is tree’s  ,,
Monsoon is holyman’s enemy 
Net is fish’s enemy
As the union between
son in law with father in law
deity with demon
Rahu  with  moon
Britrasur with Indra
thief with guard
light  ,,  dark
ginger with green plantain
bird with 7 pipe-gun
(Zarina mulls over he must be a wise man. A godman Pir might be.)
Flower-less tree
water-less pond
education-less country
court-less judge
boat-less navigator
bonheur-less life
Krishna-less Brindaban
room-less house 
husband-less wife  
(she feels, remembers hubby)
lyric-less bard
saw-less sawyer
is  the nemesis of Quazi Baba this sayer.
....  Zarina’s introvision Quazi Baba is a holy man.  He must have knowledge of many pious tales.  If she can appraise him her affliction regarding Hasnu, he may counsel some good advice, charm or even chip in some stone, amulet from his sac to debug Hasnu from her long drawn hangover on Prottoy  –  so that she returns to her sagacity and switches over to Khalifa.  Though she had briefed her onus for Hasnu to a professional astrologer, who taking into account Hasnu’s zodiac signs, occulted a charm-remedy, which she has not yet been able to usher Hasnu to practice till now: Hasnu is to throw down the river a red rose each day recalling Khalifa at the sun-rise × 21 days regularly.  The charming spells, if performed, will captivate Hasnu toward Khalifa to be beguiled & entranced by him.
....  By this time Zarina notices a humming on another side among the groupies of young men playing cards.  Following their coup d’ oeil, she sources backward to discover the installation of her behappening daughter as the propitious newbie for their heartremor.  She hears a hero among the groupies demanding to a zero in a spice-filmy herotic style: hey buddy, disburse me a cirgette.
== I heard u given up smokin’.
== Rightly heard. He has given up cigarette, but only given up smokin’ in his own money, but hasn’t promised to shake off anything in his father’s or other’s money!
Bronx cheer

Giddy Gen Y Races Ahead
....  Enter Hasnu flaunting in jeans & Tshirt rounding off her salwar kameez.  Slight swing in her elephantine gait hogs the focal point.  Ransacking band music in her earphone.  Her chair facing mother’s.  She figures out her mother has little attention in reading newspaper.  In fact mommy is masterminding a clandestine blueprint to recover a portion of their realty by thrusting her on the shoulder of the fundamentalist yob Khalifa rooking her as a decoy.  As if she is her clay for play.  Otherwise can she not sniff as to why she is being taken as an errand girl to their country home after a gap of several years?  But mom thou track on flower and fruit / whilst I sneak down the root / That milk of thine / shalt be spoilt by kerosene.  To wed the unlettered Khalifa and live as a practicing alewife cum cookie — and after some time that beau marries another woman as her co-wife following the trait of his family – his rajakar daddy having 4 wives and his elder bro having 2 wives so far – Hasnu will not be lured into the trail to the same snare dumping her career in the hell.  But she won’t refuse him now. Better let the issue hang on as long as possible, keep the game fish alive to let him play at this moment.  This will quell her mother and they will be able to visit for some more times to their village, intimidated by jumping and camping of communalists.  By that time she might get a propertunity to gear up her carrier anyhere or anythere in the country or abroad and / or the smog of militancy bubbles out or phases out in the next election. As she knows:
In everybody's life comes proper opportunity
But you're to recognize
and beautifully utilize that propertunity
not to let it slip away like a wet slippery soap

….  Only let her first fly to Prottoy, then she will unearth the news to mom. Then how Klalifa will rue—she’s amused to imagine:
Sitting in a rotten melted food
the fly rues it's futile to be late
as the ants have syringed up
all cream out of it and left

....  Prottoy had assured to tee up some provision.  While placing her head on his tall and stout sexotic body to hear the heart bit in the wide iron chest of his hearterritory, his himanic mentality seemed very tangible to her…..  But now almost a year on the wane.  He is still distraced….  Where is he?  How is he?  Her himagination turns taciturn. As she recalls his last advice:
Negotiate with thorns & worms to grow
If you dream to blossom and glow

She aborts the music. Keeps the earphone on the table.
Close up  Zoom in
....  Hasnu’s pensive face rubbed by cucumber and  milk-layer, looks as if wax polished.  hair styles and eyebrow care of beauty parlor.  Consorted by the lengthy concert of river zephyr.  The dillumination of picture of the diffused sundown still on her reticent face.
== You don’t read newspapers.  Look at this picture…..  Zarina reads the news from 1 paper to let Hasnu hear: 
“One maund ganja burnt in the band concert at Army Stadium. 
Staff reporter:  At least a maund of ganja was smoked out in the band concert yesterday at the Army Stadium.  The whole day’s band musical extravaganza was swayed by the primitive trance of group dancing and smoking of ganja puffed up by spectating youngsters.  They enjoyed togather a limitless day of unfettered delectation.  Young girls also rivaled young men in this revelry.  Most of the audience had their soft drinks can and ganja-filled cigarettes.  In addition to that many had Phencydil bottles and beer cans.  Many soubrettes were seen puffing ganja cigarettes. The watchers were maddened by entrancement.  Herds of young men and women, being exuberated in ecstasy while huddling and singing and dancing, were raining empty cans of drinks amidst the viewers haphazardly.  Before that 10 to 12 persons had gone senseless due to hullabaloo dancing together for a long time.  Bleeding from ear and nose oozed out of some of the intoxicants.  Resulting beer can throwing some persons were wounded.  It was a sturdy duty for the soldiers at the stadium to control the giddy youth singing and dancing to the rhythm of deafening frenzied band music.  The concert started at 11 am and continued at a stretch till 6.15 pm yesterday and in spite of being Friday there was no break for the namaz in the noon or afternoon.  Forgetting lunch they were nautching bumping and gulping to stomach band music.  Some of them did open up their dresses, while some tore their apparels and flagged them out swirling in the air and vied for khemta nautch partnering with their girl friends.  The price for a ganja cigarette shot up to 10 takas in that place.”
....  While reading Zarina abruptly doubtlooks: Well, you were not home daytime yesterday.  Khalifa awaited you at Baitul Mokarrum.  You didn’t turn up there.  Where did you hang out then?  Gone to that concert?
....  Funky to be caught she wipes her face with hand unwittingly – as if the stink of booze and ganja and her boylinks still cling up in her face, and rubbishes: Oh maa, what you’re talking rot!  That time I was at Rooksana’s home and studying together for the ensuing exam!  Then she picks up the paper for a coup d’ oeil to check if her pix are there among the nautch girls. ……. No, not finding her figure in hip hopping performat hugging dancing with boozom guys in the photographics, she becomes secured and saved from embarrassment to her mother.
== But was it fare to skip Khalifa this way yesterday?  I understand he ain’t equal to you in education, but he has done religious edu.  And now a days man’s real qualification is money making.  He will wrap you up in gold thruout the life.  Guess how much money has he amassed in his construction business!  She tries to hardsell Khalifa to her daughter.
== Only with construction biz, or with usurping up other’s property  + his  beauty biz of exporting young girls?  I scorn such grabber’s ornaments, retorts Hasnu.
== Sheer lie.  His foes drumpeted.  Girl trafficking has no evidence!
== Anybuddy devils these evils flaunting evidence?  Kenneled under the party umbrella they mobbed to rob our prop – this ain’t democracy, this is mobocracy or even robocracy – for which dad died of heart attack – you wanna forget that? – ok I forget.  But do you want me to become your hanger-on after marriage, even if Khalifa doesn’t peddle me out of the country, but administers talaq on me or imports another co-wife following their family trad?  So wait for / some time more.  Let me be self-dependent at first.  Then marriage may be there.  True I haven’t consented Khalifa,  but haven’t refused him either.  Actually daddy / was a goodie.  As he hadn’t installed  co-wife with you, so you won’t understand.
Zarina shots back: Why should he bring in co-wife?  I wasn’t childless.  Had I not given your birth?  Then she selfuses in silence.  To nail her down, her daughter would hit below the belt where it hearts most, she couldn’t presume.  In fact she canst not read the au fait modern maidens.  They have negligible religious propensity.  Mostly reluctant to wear burqa.  She rues being entirely frustrated about their present and future mistance.
....  The duo is seated for a long time in mute wilderness in the earthmosphere on the Booriganga.  Meanwhile Hasnu’s attention has not escaped that their steamer has puffed out of Sadarghat at 20:15 hrs instead of 20:00 hrs.  Doused some more time in silence,  Zarina signs off to log in the cabin to arrange for the dinner.
....  Hasnu stations there like the slur light on the deck above the vast stretch of internatural water all around.  From their own place in the lower deck au fond probably those playing cardaddict young bucks now choir to air their song.  The upper deck is nearly vacant.  Air in her ears excerpts of dialogue between a man + woman standing facing the river leaning on the railing  
fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
[*j*] Fem: ....how could you sniff beforehand the cops might comb you down?
[^!^] Male:  I was asleep at Sakina’s place.  At mid night somebody knocked—Mohida, Mohida …..  I opened to discover my comrade Sham who feedbacked me respiring rapidly –  escape at once from here, our info is >  hoodwinked by the ruling party, the cops are out to nab up you, Nitaida and some other local leaders of the opposition pretexting as probable troublers before the ensuing election – so that none of the candidates from the opposition parties can win here – and thus to ensure the ruling party to bag all the votes by rigging.  You better quit this place temporarily and skulk in Kolkata Delhi or any place of your relatives under the sun –  as the danger gets over –  we’ll green signal then you resurface here.  So being tipped off in advance I slipped away –  first came to Hasnabad –  where claimbuoyant touts forked me out Rs. 500/= to resource me to cross the Ichhamoti river at night to sneak into your country –  then straight to Dhaka to your home –  Now I plan to camp some days in yours and some other relative’s home at Borishal –  would like to visit poet Jibanananda’s house one day –  oddventuring here & there for several days when I’ll get the green signal of all quiet informat in my front, then I’ll be back to my pavilion at Biswapur.
[*j*] Fem:  rightly done.  Now zip down for dinner / Here you’ll get fish and rice at steamer.
[^!^] Male: is it? Hilsa of the Padma available here?  On the way I saw shoals raised on several strips on the Padma.
....  As they chatter and turn back Hasnu is amazed to discover Madam Nilofer who used to teach them physics at their college.
Hasnu: Madam!  Where’re you heading?
Nilofer: Ah, Hasnu.  There're a few days xtra forced  leave for the strike.  Availing of this propertunity I’ve gotta go to Borishal with brother Mohiuddin bhai.
Mohiuddin: You’re assorting me or I’m hanging out with you?  I know nothing of here.
Nilofer: That’s right. (to Hasnu) Mohibhai hails from India.
Hasnu: Hi, you’re from India!  Then you’re our guest.  How do you like this country?
Mohi: Nature hasn’t made any country bad –  this country too.  It’s the inhabitants who turn any country good or bad –  but there’s no parallel as regards the hospitality of the inhabitants of this country.
Exit Nilofer and Mohi

Wows Amour of Fille Bows Vile
....  This time the mute all-in-one rovile set beeps up to be talkative:
== Hello, who?
== Hi Hana, it’s me.
....  That hypnotiq male voice!  Hasnu can’t trust her ears!  While all others call her Hasnu, sprucing her full first name Hasnuhana, only claimbuoyant Prottoy brands her Hana, to proclaim his sole right on Hasnuhana.  She is habituated to hear all these skirt-chasing rumblings of Prottoy from her childhood.  And she likes it.  Besides a coup d’ oeil on the micro screen of her widget pops up the pics of Prottoy’s grinning techie geek himage.  So how can she distrust?  The hair of her body thrills in shrill, while her heartbeats ramp with the rapids of the Meghna! As always everywhere—
To wo/men what can be dearer
than having worthy, hearthy
peaceful and blissful partner?

....  She wants to avoid the mechanoise of the puffing machines to hear his voice distinctly.  So she jibs to trail to the tail end of the vessel and regulating her bubbling emotions as far as practicable, responds
== Hi, Prottoy!
== U retrieve me at last then!
== Wow, what a gag! I won’t talk to u.  Why ur face looking a bit huffish?  From where’re u calling?  Kolkata?
== No New York.  But u look like fire now.  Prottoy lodges a bill of flirting in advance.  Thinking it might help him later.
== Oh, really? At last u preconcile me leaving aside the white girls there!
== I swear by mother.  U look seductive today!  What u’ve sported in the neck?  A fiercely cute locket!
Flaunting up the locket   

````)'0'(````
== This is a Feng shui locket –  Chinese goddess Quan In’s –  I wanna see if wearing this locket can improve my fate!  No I won’t talk to u.  After such a long break u’re recalling me!  She showcauses him.
== Believe me.  I had snail mailed 2 letters to u from Kolkata.  By ur silence I was sure u hadn’t received.  At last after thorough searching as soon as I’ve found ur mailbox and this number, I’m calling u.
== How did u get my roving number?  I haven’t divulged it to manybody.  She intracepts.
== Hum, then why should I disclose that out to u?  Patience my Laila!  First shell me out a kiss then I will tell.
Hasnu knows this is a patient dialogue of Prottoy, so she grins: Over the phone? Ok. Done.  Now tell me.  (She drifts a flying smooch).
== Listen. First to Kolkata –  from where my ordeal ended in Canada.
== Canada?  But u just have told u’re calling from New York?  Kidding?
== Oh, listen at first.  I’ve come to New York for a few days from Toronto where I live now.  First searching fiercely on the web I traced a few old chums of our school and college scattered all over America.  Then from 1 of them I got  –  guess whoz address?
== Whose?
== Ur classic & glassic crony of the same class & glass– now at New Jersey –  
== Imon?  Yes I gave her my number.
== Yes ma’m.  Today I’ve arrived in New York on my official duty.  I tracked down Imon at her college to grab your info, nonsnail address and roving number.  heard the sad news— sudden demise of ur dad.  u’re on training after finishing ur college.  also heard the good news for which my congrats to u (ruggedness in his face + voice) –  for ur tie with Khalifa –  .
== Oh, for that u’re envious? listen Mr,  damn the bullshit. in fact Khalifa hankers it. mother too is cooking it.  for that reason we’re now cruising to our country home after a long time.  but u know very well I can’t tie my life with the foe of my father, a hardcore fundamentalist,  immersing down my own career.  Now your father or my father weren’t freedom fighters.  During the war of independence those who opposed liberation touted for the occupying forces, raped countless women, butchered innumerable people of the country – those slayers flawers & frighters today flower as freedom fighters by flexing their muscles and money power.  hanky turned to jackal.  Without being agitated don’t hesitate to cogitate in cool brain— if I decline their proposal outright now instead of hanging it on until u can tuck me to u out there— then won’t it foil the plan itself to join u up there?  What else could I have done?  So long I couldn’t get any trace of u. besides always yo’re so rigid— 
== Really? But—
I’m not rigid if your way betters than mine
I won’t hesitate to follow that way then

Only if u could only know how fierce problem sorrow pain and agony I had to encounter in the meanwhile – .
== I can feel well.  But what will be arranged for me?
== Hum, why should I tell u?  Guess what  –  ?  What’s ur prelusion?  Okay, first shell / me out a kiss / then I’ll tell.
== This won’t be good, she fakes grudge, shameless, tell me!
== Listen.  For u I’ve talked and chalked with the immigration agency  –  they’ve nodded to my preffort / for ur comfort.  In the meantime u complete ur ongoing Pharmacist courses.  Soon I will send to ur mailbox a list which documents and how much money will be required and what u’re to do for ur passage to Canada  –  which u will send me at the soonest  –  of course if u wannabe in Canada with me then only  –  otherwise not.  But in that case it won’t be possible for me to return to the country now and trash my career go down the drain, to be roped into the communal trauma of insecurity & exodus triggered by the toxicated politricks married to religion.  Of course if u wanna stay there, hang on.  But if u like to be together with me, then only, as I’ve already told u and just reiterating, in that case (that ruggedness again fogs his face + voice)  I’m not religious minded, so I won’t be a convert to ur faith.
== Well, why do u sting me again telling me this?  Indig yourself to premember, for supporting the other party and to fight for the secular ideas, we have not only squandered our village property, but also lost my father prematurely.  Hasnu’s offended voice bridles up.
== Hana, I’m sorry.  I was wrong.  In fact the plight of pitiful flight of the Bangali refugees, robbed of their property, country and modesty on the fiercely trifle pretext of religion, drives me mad from time to time! I’m really sorry.  Please excuse me. (preckoning still Hana isn’t appeased)  Ok, the birth of which will make u happier  –  boy or girl? Whichever u wish will be born to u, my dearie. He woos and coos. (This time Hana beams): U savage!  No more I wanna hear this type of fierce words.  (Jest washes out their mortification).  In fact u’re atheist.  U don’t believe in anything.
== No madam.  I’m neither theist nor atheist nor agnostic.  I think god, if any, is dormant.  you may say I’m godormant.
== I’ve heard secular / but this is peculiar / what godormant is in particular?  Is it edible?  Or rubbable?
== That means u can’t prove if there is god or if s/he is getable.  I’ve no problem on that issue as a commoner.  If there is god or if s/he is cognizable  –  it’s good, and if s/he is not or if s/he is not knowable  –  then also everything is going on ok.  Still commoners have no skirmish — either with some persons who presume that if we can foreknow god  everything will roll around smoother — or with some rationalists who argue there’s nothing as god. Yet some vicious extremistique powermongers, having their own vested interests of Wresting 4 WoW’s >> Wealth Wine Woman and War —feign to have had the self-contract to protect and promote their faith and god—steamroll over the commoners, logicians and atheists—forcing  them to obey their blunt diktats fatwas and formans in the name of god and religion—brandishing their blood smeared weapons— And those innumerable peoples have to onlook or overlook impassively sitting on the fence. Neither can they agree to their autodiktats virtually or heartually—nor  can they resist their exertion and exertia—being cowed bowed & mowed down—in unorganized inertia.
== I can’t eat up your vitriolic lingo.  But u know fairly well that I don’t toss / for a religion / if I ain’t at a loss / if I ain’t into a throe / onto the wonted god / I won’t go
Prottoy sizzles: Ah, this is godormancy!
Temporary malconnection
.... Then Prottoy: Everything will be arranged, there won’t be any problem, but if yr mother can sniff somehow all will be deranged to fizzle and puzzle.
== Actually whose careers concern this?  –  mom’s or ours?  I won’t babble out to mom now. Becuz if she knows now it will bubble over.  So let me reach out to u first.  Afterwords will be afterwards – (Shortly sensing afar the glimpses of her mother in black burqa, coming about to find her she tunes down to sotto voce): Mom’s come to call me for dinner.  Pass me out yr contact address and number. quick.
== Everything already fed into yr mailbox sweetie, which might be kindly beholden by yr highness and to get in touch with this wrecked fellah!  Oh yes, apply first for yr passport to haven. In the mean time complete your Pharmacist courses. More when we chat.  I’ll leave now.
== Leaving?  e Mr., don’t leave me in the lurch.  Cheers! Bye!
== (Grinning) Nope, how can I leave u my chocolate-heartingale? / U bust in my hearterrain / at times often / Cheers! Bye then!
== Whose call? Mother’s query.
== Imon. From Amerika.
== Will Shahjadi be kind enough to have her dinner now?
Hasnu proctors a new food item on her plate: What have u doctored this?
== Soya Khichuri.  Very nutritious.
==.Oh mom, u donno I don’t like taste of soya at all?
==.Ok, just taste a bit.  If u don’t like, throw it in the river.
==.(Tasting a bit to please mother)  No, not bad to savor.  How did u prep?
Zarina with heavy enthu narrates the cooktrick of the recipe as she learned from the Random Kook Room in Wanderer’s Wordrobes. She footnotes: At noon after the preparation I kept it in the thermos pot.  Now after the long hours it has lost warmth.

Depicture
.... 10:30 at night.  After the food session Hasnu opts out of the cabin to sizzle a while. Saunters on the deserted deck.  Assuaging cool gentling riverain zephyr.  Thin fog. Meanwhile the fulgent focus  admonish all the vessels near and afar not to clash with this vessel. This time no costal sign is panoptic anywhere or manyhere in the blindense stark dark due to nonattending moon.  Only compass hither and thither afar the frail dots of lights from wandering boatizens in this watersphere – when one can only have the imaginary perception of the far sprung horizon where land water and welkin meeting with one another. Rarely found rough & red eyed river cops’ rapid patrol boats.  Somehere sidened is the abandonware—saddened phantomic boat / docked in mute fomentum / rocked by waves / beaked by birds / pecked by fishes.

Bednight Restcription
# 1  Action>  Lone maidens shouldst not amble & ramble outside the cabin at this dead night as they might be the soft targets to bust on.  Thereforth to enter inside. Mom, nicknamed by Hasnu as Mater, diktates.
{Silent Reaction of Hasnu>>  Mater’s proscription ain’t wrong altogether.  But mother doesn’t know that I’ve learned a few karatricks from my college chums.  If anybody assails, I’ll confront no problem to shunt out 2/4 persons in the water first.  In fact mom hasn’t seen the old movies of Bruce Lee.  If she sees she’d simply faint.  Enter the cabin.}
# 2  Action>  To be fair-faced ye wash thy face in this mixed water.
(Mater dishes her out a cuppa water mixing the  juice  of  a  crushed lemon as a beautip.)
{Silent Reaction>>  Oh moma, to use the beautip of quaky aqua to please beau is troublesome.  Rubbing cream or solution is better, trendy & handy.}
# 3  Action>  Before lying down change thy jeans fins.  Wear nightie.
{Silent Reaction>>  This sermon of mum she votes for.  She sports nightie as it has certain plus points:  a) No hassle of wearing tight undergarment.  b) For that easier to use in bathroom.  c) Authorized way to present her self in a more magnetic mode to invite masculine eyes.  d) Naughty nightie is advantageous to be loose in night tie with male and / or female partners during cohabitation as well as during monthly period.}
(Hasnu relaxes in nightie.  Zarina sees crack in her heels.)
# 4  Action>  I have been asking thou to rub thy heels and body with the skin of lemon before the bath to shine the heels & skin of thine glossier.  who heedeth whose words?
{Silent Reaction>>  Hasnu ears with one ear and fires the garbage of herbage with the other to veto}.
# 5  Action>  Take enough water.
{Silent Reaction>>  She has heard it healthy.  But water is elixir to her only when thirsty.  Otherwise tasteless.  Oh my dear mom, if you try soft or hard drinks – especially gin  – you won’t forget you’d again craze to booze. Oh mmom, I pity you what you done in this life neither have you fizzed a good guzzle nor funatically tasted any guy other than dad!  then how have you enjoyed your life?  How’d you answer in the above?  To evade mom’s gaze, she turns back to hide her giggle.  Then absorbs a sip of water to please mother showing her.  Her dream guy Prottoy’s himage has flowered her dreamboyance.}
# 6  Action>  Get the door and window shut and locked.  Turn the light off.
{Silent Reaction>>  Mater 100% right.  She dittoes.}
# 7  Action>  Tomorrow dawn / we’re to hop on / to another boat for Gour Nodi.  Sleep fast.
{Silent Reaction>> But Hasnu piddles away sleepless hours…She hasn’t visited her country home for a long time… first due to her engagement with studies in Dhaka …. then hooked by the hobble over the country prop…  At the entry to the netherworld of sleep she begins to slip to dip into the trap set with heap of fallen leaves?……


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.6

Chapter 6: Aurora on the River Gour


Visit to the Nether World
[Disclaimer >>> Minors in age or mind, and adult moral policers are cautioned not to go through some of the portions of the chapter— that  might appear inappropriate to them—which if not heeded—the author will not be responsible.]

.… While being drawn downwards Hasnu ekes out the hidden snare concealed into pile of dried leaves …… trailing to the hell of the chthonic world to be rapidly trenched into a multi times enlarged edition of a circus-like globe shaped iron cage ……. The gates  [X||X]  of the upper side of the globe gets sharply closed as soon as her fall into it by the huge-figured castrated guards as per dictum of the archief of the ruffians Khalifa, dressed as a sheikh… 
Outside the globe is the well-furnished hollow cave.  There are the racketeer-teammates of Khalifa dressed as raja, badshah, nabob, emir, omrah, general, minister, merchant guzzling smacking and celebrating aloud the crash landing of their numero uno sexcuisite prize catch Hasnuhana into their sexclusive network, with tawdry cheers— toasting their hands with glassified booze
  Y
brandishing their blunt swords. thongs. & guns firing gung ho blank in the air. in utter ravishment.  horses tied to the date palm trees outside the cave also neigh.  In their mirth join skimpy transparent muslin clad ornamented saqis, the giggling bimbos, gang up to comfort and consort the goons in their boozing smacking smoking marijuana and bodying.  Some saqis are serving food, fruit, beverage and roasted meat from the bonfire in the cave. while some others are fiddling belting music lyrics. jigging and bumping in lassitude.  Some saqis leer to muse and amuse as to why should there be any difference in case of Hasnu?  As their modesty has been manufractured by so many guys, so why should she be discounted to remain virgin?  Manybody drumpet such virginity in the beginning.  But no fruitful utility.  No fruitility.  Rather after savoring water of so many ghats they’re now funnadicts easing and cozying in fun and fantasy.
....  Now protesting Hasnu shrills: Why you tree me?/ Free me, lemme go.
....  To this everybody thrills & freaks exploding into fit of salvo repeatedly.  Mocked and mobbed Hasnu reads from the mobologue that she cannot be bailed out of boundage and inhibition from her bete noire Khalifa in this way.  After their jinks ebb a bit, with amour propre Khalifa swaggers: Nobuddy nobloodie has inhibited you here by force. You’re inclined to tuck in here being snared.  You come here willingly but go from here on our will.  And shouting won’t be fruitile.  Who’d come to rescue here in this oasis?  Call yr funatic paramour Prottoy, if he comes to salvage you? — 
Pause to guzzle 1

— In fact you have been tormenting me for a long time by hoaxing and foxing, now face the music for life.  Of course if you can enamor us by screwing then fate will smile on you like these saqis or those colleens in the harem of the other globe.
Pause to smack 2

....  Hasnu watches out at a coup d’oeil at least 20/25 stark naked filles herded in the cage of the huge other globe.  who bear the stamp of thonglash injury and sextensive carnal sextortion.  among whom she can identify Tahira Bibi and Farida of her village,  who she heard were mistraced from their homes being cozened by Khalifa’s delusive lure of employment and / or marriage.  The womenergy here are also gauging Hasnu like a naive pigeon among cats to be ravened by them.  She savvies these women are marketed in this sexpo to be savored by these prospective and grosspective customers before being auctioned. 
== But if you try to elude or delude me then you guess what’d be your destiny –  Khalifa roughs and toughs.
.... Hasnu rapidly figures out what would be the knock on effect if she tries to dodge and budge or not dittoes their line.  The consequence might be as the thought-processor signals in the radar of her psycho-screen:
Either Scene !

....  All these guys in revelry are subjecting her to random rape. After rape, to be ensured that she doesn’t create any danger to the sexploiters --- she is being killed and after her macabre death her dead body and face is disfigured and dumped in the dune --- as the menu for birds and beasts --- and the limbs of her eaten dreadbody gradually skeletoned under the sweltering sand distraced by anybody ever to be faded into limbo.  No she doesn’t want this ending. Omit. XXXX
Or Scene !!

....  Then if she doesn’t resist, her fortune to shine?  To be sold many times to be a saqi or like those nudie bimbos haremed in the other globe, to be sexported to cater the dance bars and bagnios in the middle east or India, or to be repackaged out to some oldie as a sex doll?  No she doesn’t prefer this consequence too? Delete. XXXXX
Or Scene !!!

....  Then if she feigns to be willing by flirtation in order to lessen her misery as least as possible and escape unhurt, cashing in any propertunity of their leakage and stupefy them?  Because life is for enjoying, not for languishing.  So why don’t I relish them to fish fun, she mulls?  But she is to pay something for that. She can’t turn the tide as —
However turbulent  might be
can a river rectify an ocean?

....  So what can be done? No pain no gain.  Currently there’s no other better tunnel than to fake by buttering for the sake of her acquittal out of this hell. So.  Have to try having no other prospective alternative option, and at this situation being the best of the worst.....
If you strive
why not stride for the best?
Even in worst situation why not
strive at least best of the worst?

....  Cogitating this she U-turns dramatically to fabricate bon homie dialogue simpering: Ah, why are you huffy my dear Khalifa sahib?  How Prottoy could be my paramour my darling, so long you’re here?  You’re my only fateman, honey.  Rather I’d be happy to enjoy the herotic rich company of all of you here— the maharajas badshahs sheikhs emirs and all the nobles.  I’d satisfy you all but tell me Khalifa sahib, how it’d be possible openly before the naked eyes of all, being confined in this iron cage?
Khalifa: That’s quite right. Guards, open the gates.  Demonic gatemen unlock and unbar.  Hasnu ejects out of the globe to hug Khalifa:
== I can’t tolerate these castrated gatemen, oh my dearest fateman!  They’re incapable and impotent.  Lock them up in the globe unarming them.  Otherwise they might erupt into violence being envious during our screwing.
== Quite correct.  The security guards succumb to the autodiktat of Khalifa to be detained in the globe.
== Any more order, Hasnu Begum?  Khalifa in compliance mode & mood, now let’s go in the F--ktory to sextract happiness together.
Hasnu prompts: Tell me honey, how it’s possible for a gal to copulate with so many guys at a time?  Come one after another, I shall fulfill thirst and lust of all of you. Who’d come first?
Khalifa: My stake of claim is first beyond doubt.  I’m the skimmer / the first bidder / to garner / to partner / to be your first bedder.
.... This dialogue sparks brawl and scuffle among the prospective underworld henchmen agog with sexpectation to tom tom their bids to seduce Hasnu first.
1 bids:he payed for this gal
,,  ,,  :  he booked this chick
,,  ,,  :  he re ensnared chicks
,,  ,,  :  he smuggled drugs to finance
,,  ,,  :  he supplied arms and ammo
,,  ,,  :  he sourced bombs & bullets
,,  ,,  :  he sourced deadly explosives
,,  ,,  :  he hawalaed money for this pussy
,,  ,,  :  he killed  people to terrorize
,,  ,,  :  he cliqued with Crime Minister
....  So his claim is numero uno.  The ruckus among the competitors to have and grab the first seduction right over  Hasnuhana turns sour to brew into a skirmish in the sex congress.  Several people are wrested out and gunned down in the gung ho fiasco.  The rest of them who survive unhurt after the feud, opt out to Hasnuhana: Better you yourself pick and choose from amongst us some guys as your bedmates in several shifts.
....  Hasnu sexplains candidly to steal the deal: Though some guys are muscled out of the fray, still you so many guys’re here – but I can’t gratify all of you at a time becuz as a woman I have only 3 manholes by which I can welcome only 3 womaniacs at a time in each trip.  Yet it’d take a whole day for me to gratify all the guys here.  Therefore, leave your arms –  so that you do not fight with one another, and leave your dresses –  so that you do not waste time and delay others and wait for me peacefully entering into the globe.  I shall be calling 3 guys to favor & savor each time in several trips.
....  Thus cajoling huddling cuddling and lubricating she locks the hoard of harmer guys caging in the globe totally unarming + stripping them to hang on in the queue for their turn in the trip to sextravaganza— arguing that if remain armed in the outside they might fight among themselves to die before they tie and lie with her.  In fact guys are most vulnerable in love and sex, she preckons.  She selects 3 cute sleek lute & selectric men after discounting lots of them, befitting for the  dare bare action.
....  So when they won’t spare her why should she let the menergy leave unfunatically unused, fasting her own womanergy?  She also squeezes the embedded service of the boyz toyz to pump into her sexcavation to extract 1000% gratification of her sexotica and bedventure.
....  Then she dresses up.  Petting her bedders abed in the room she latches from outside the room to abruptly become  their la femme fatale.  She romps to the other globe of the inhibited womenergy and unlocks the globe to set the women free.  With her 2 fingers she flashes the freed girls the symbol  
V
Visualizing the Vivacious Victory of Vibrant V shaped Vagina & Vulvadom over the dazed maledom.  She hands over the key of the globe, bigly ignoring or bignoring the detained outwitted uxorious men, to the jubilant women and harbingers: From now you’re free / this is your key.
....  For the time being you sport the left out apparels of these bare gaolbirds of racketeers. From this moment you are the owners of their riches jewelry money wine whips swords guns arms and ammo camps elephants horses camels animals— all wealth togather in this cave and oasis.  Above all I handover the baton to you with full carte blanche, this cageful harem of unrobed criminal manimal men, the slaves for your use and funtertainment.  As at gunpoint, you the trapped Vaginadom—were misutilized to act as their sextinguishers— in the same way you enjoy these bonded men, in boundage. employ them in your works and deploy these menerzy as the boy toy for your sexultation as your sextinguishers.  My prequest to you > Hold the key /  to remain free.
Whenever you transfer the key to them they will again enslave you and you will lose all your future.  However I’m taking my share of the money and jewelry as my compensation.  You distribute strictly equally the remaining entire wealth amongst all of you to compensate yourselves. Don’t be foxed again by such baddies in the lure of happiness marriage or heaven—  and don’t be afraid if they scare you swear by your faith caste or creed & hell— there can’t be anymore worst hell than this F--kland…. Finally, we must ask and assure ourselves first >>
Often hurt by others words & altitude
are we unhurt by our own works & attitude?

....  by which we’re trapped by the harmers who endanger us? 
....  Full-stopping her vitriolic womenclature, wreckless Hasnuhana transformeth into a peri and adrifteth aloft high in joy of uninhibition spreading her wings to fly in the  sky.
Jump cut

....  to her waking up by vigorous call at dawn. Zarina’s fake censure: What were you muffling up in your sleep naming Khalifa?  Have you dreamt him up?  Mom’s delight preckoning the sudden volte-face of her daughter toward Khalifa. Hasnu does not contradict mom’s fancies now as she mulls—
If you are a short or a long time player?
If short timer—grab the instant gains promptly
If long timer— forget pains for the last laugh
even losing momentary gains mostly

....  Hasnu’s quick entry to the toilet without scripting a single word to shroud her smile.  As if to wash away the imprints of yester night’s euphoria and fling and to reessay herself.  How mommy can trail into that deep hollow of her quelled ebony mirth? That can’t be hinted out to anybody.  To Prottoy?  No not even him.  Why?  She inquires herself.  Because might that obsession and oddsession of dreama be indecent to manybody?  Some in the habitatmosphere might also brand it savage and imprecated.  Then what about Arabian Nights?  Is that too cussed? 
Acting savage is no savage
only telling it is s-o savage!
 
....  She quells her spicery within herself.  Smiles wryly. Bidyapati was right to write: Veiled tryst larketh million times funtasy.

Aurora On The River Gour
....  Move fast.  We’ve reached.  ‘re to board on the other boat, mother’s hurry-scurry.  Hasnu’s recomposition of apparels in haste.  coiffure.  only slight hair conditioning.  Then desertion of the vessel with her bag & package & mom to descend onto the smaller boat, being focused in the dark by glaring searchlight.  Smogged by the emission of thick vicious smoke.  Deafened by the dogged thudding sound of the boat on the move.  Thereforth the boat’s sudden haltage due to exhaustion of fuel in the blank tank.  The sailor’s infliction of blame game on the lubber assistant spewing raunchy vocabulary of chokabulary. and towing away of the loaded passenger boat on the stream in search of fuel, pushed by pole + pulled by rope……
In the diffused light of the wee hours cooled by the river breeze while earing the rower’s sledging vulgar lexicon, Hasnu bundles herself near her mother’s lap like the impeccant bud of her childhood.  Today an alien in her own homeland, her introspecting eyes outlined by the bitter stibium… ruminating over the blank yore, and the promistic ambivalence of the future……
Aurora on the river Gour

She loves not to rise
dwindling the sleep wrapped in cozy sheet of dawn
But planeters hanker to rouse others
Steward & sailor’s mauling clamor:
wake up > move ahead > wander
Aurora on the river Gour

A patch of fuzzy ebony blancoed by Bengal light
She is unready like a stranger
to be framed by the glaring flash
Dispersed dotlights spot the imbued night river
Red eyed guards frail to trail vigil
Stardom blinked like the scattered perched rice
Waterway at the Meghnanite cruises no other fete
Somewhen her abode
enclosed land and a chunk of sky
1 day troublers’ gang usurped in to bang:
chuck out > evacuate > turf out the sky
Still horrific devout bulls rush out of grave to gore
Aurora on the river Gour

Hardly hark back the shimmering times
Burqa veiled night miraged by muslin mist melts
Dogged puffy fumes boatman’s slang sledging
piety chemicals decompose the air
While truth = trifled keepsakes + unsin infant sun
nagging wounds fields streams ponds birds & flocks
school shop dryport woeful shoal in vein vapor 
Aurora on the river Gour

....  Abruptly Hasnu insenses something crawling to prick in between the cleavage on the plateau of her Mount Breast beneath the Feng shui studded locket inside her uplift.  She fidgets.  Covertly groans: Oh maa!  Maa!!  Unperturbed Zarina intracepts her. Peeping there she finds out a big bug in between her bosoms’ hide out.  Hearing bug, to shrug off Hasnu shoots up.  The boat jiggles a bit.
[Sniffing intertainment, a few wag boys’ gag in sotto voce: What a lulu!  The lucky worm!
== It ain’t be fruitile to be jealous of the worm.  Our luck is bad! Jokes another.]
Zarina censures Hasnu: If you jump like this in the boat it’d capsize.  You’re scared of a trifle worm!  Shielding Hasnu feasibly from the amusing looks of passengers, she seizes out the insect clutching its wings from its cozy den in the breastland, to fling it into the water.  But the insect prefers not to fall into the water, deters to hang on a hyacinth floating on the water.
== What insect mom?
== That too you donno?  You’re fully converted into a townie lass!  It’s a variety of Brown Tree Hopper.
Long Live Wormocracy
.... It has been noted in the Wanderer’s Wordrobes that this Brown Tree Hopper is a variety of a winged hopper.  When paddy plants time to bloom, the number of insects booms up to suck up the juice of the stems and leaves to dry and die.  Besides they carry the harmer viruses called Ghasi bete and Mochrano bete.
Then Way Out ?
1. Well-measured quantity of insecticides should be sprayed to wet the plant top to bottom under the supervision of experienced agrarian assistant.
2. To resist pollution of habitatmosphere, it should be expedient to increase the number of beneficial intraceptive enemy-worms of these worms in the field.
3. To unleash ducks.
4. To use hand net and light-trap. 
[N.B. Those who’ll read the above notes from the Wanderer’s Wordrobes after many years / eras / centuries should be cognizant of a kind of edible corn extinct now / called rice and how / the insects were used to be weeded out that time]. 
Ever amphisphere.  Waging war of life and death by worms and insects.  The earth is not only for the hoi polloi.  The earth is also for worms.  They damn with man-made global warming.  
Hail Global Worming!

....  The worms demand to introduce wormocracy instead of mobocracy.  Wo/man can sow crops.  But cornful field belongs for worms too, not only for scornful wo/men.  Worms and insects have the right to exist.  They have to be fed on crops.  To predictate intrafighting amongst the worms won’t do.  Worms of the earth unite.  Observe strike to preserve the right of the worm to swarm the worlden cornfields.  Domestic ducks are also to blame.  What right have they to intravene and eat the insects?  What a poor level of IQ the ducks have!  They lay eggs and the top cops eat!  If humans do not stop disinsection by spraying pesticides and stop their pollutricks of pollution polity, thenceforth the worms and bugs will appetize all pesticides in unison and vigorously storm into the bastions of all the agrihorticultural fields and swallow all the crops in the earthmosphere.  Humans shall die unfed.  We shall overcome the humans someday!
That Brown Tree Hopper by now rejuvenates to fly high in joy in the episphere leaving the floating hyacinth.  Ducks and birds might haunt it.  Hasnu’s onvision follows it until it glides out of sight to its own habitatmosphere.  The earthmosphere hangs on to rotate.  The macrosphere and microsphere hang on to revolve.  Streams hang on to flow.  Wo/men hang on to work sin and unsin.  Pollutions hang on to hang on.  The ozone layer’s holes hang on.  Winds hang on to blow.  Embryos hang on in wombs.  Termites hang on to ransack.  Worms and insects hang on to retaliate human’s pollutricks.

Q U I Z >> Is there any river named Gour Nodi?


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.7
Chapter 7: Specter of Terroria 


Elation of Misled Wind

'.~~  ``` `~~``.~~,..,,.~~~ .’,; ~` '.~~~```.

.... Here crushing out the unrelenting  s~e~a~w~a~v~e~s  one after another.  Dating with misled elation of the fidgety wind.  But in the dark of immature night, watery assails of the Arabian Sea is detraceable.  This location is in north Goa away the Kalanghut shore.  The attached topiary of the deluxe resort limits at the beach.  A few guzzlers. in the chairs splintered here and there. in the openair garden.  Colory dots of lights atoned to the shrubs and groves.  Uncorrupted hazeless sky.  Pitched somber night descended shortly.  Stardots blinking in the welkin as usual.
A camera now pans from wide angle to traverse into the span of a table to note:

Rhythms Scramble

(=_=)
A relaxing guy.  Snacks tabled.  Almost empty bottle.  Vino Feny wine in the peg.

wwwww
wwww
www
i
n
e
wine

....  But the usual quietness of young airy night acclimatized to him in the last few days, suddenly scrambles with the frenzied waiter’s alert: Sahib, please go sit inside the bar. Security warrants vacating this garden at once, terrorians barged in here.
....  When the waiters busy removing all the bottles dishes and glasses from all the tables, he wises up while zipping toward the bar, a bearded well dressed youngster breaking in running amok. Commandos chase cat and mouse to nab him.  Escaping he positions behind a tree.  When affronted swanking advantech ultra killer machines shrouded, the killer sprays his killture.  A commando being shot on the spot, his comrades reply by swarming bullets to inactivate the youth forever. Turning the defunct face by the barrel of his gun, the commanding officer browses to lament: Ah, a lad yet!  Xtremistique religion-hunters have munched these heads programmed to ladventure.  When in this early youth they are to read or work and enjoy funatic life, these lunatics go gunatic sporting guns.  Now gladventure to heaven, the peri and angel / celestial playgirl in the girland / awaiting thru the night in bed to garland you in herland! 
....  Then his covert order can not be eared. only what is implied is to keep the bearded dead lad’s dreaded ultramates unaware, let the party of dine and dance to continue uninterrupted in the inside restobar.  Because now if the party animals are informed they will scuffle for quick passage to flee to outmosphere, only either to be stampeded or to be hostaged in the fiasco and the miscreators will dodge out.  So the resort seized, the dreadbody quietly removed to limbo. The wounded jawan sent to hospital.
....  Royal blue and saffron colored lights in the glowing signboard of the adjacent restobar Libido are running from pillar to post within the tabs.  That 1 reveler guy enters inside as if not seeing anything yet staying insulated to outside changes.  Posts himself in the only vacant table.  The waiter dishes out his fulfilled glassics and bottle.  Then there is the playground of chiaroscuro light and shade.  The sound of encounter in the outmosphere could not ram down here beating the brassy filmic song and music.  The other tables are also filled up either with pairs or labeled as Reserved for Diner.  The only single chair vacant is on the opposite side of his table. Eyeing that 1 overawed wench comes and asks: May I sit here?
== When it’s vacant and more so when a pretty belle (here he puffs up a little to flirt her) likes to sit then please be seated.
(*j*)
== Thanks. I’m Dilruba Ali.  You—-?
== My name? Jose. Jose Santos.  But no use of knowing name.
== Why saying so?
== I mean a little later we 2 will go on our own ways.  U on yours I on mine.  There ends the matter—
The order taking snappy girl appears and receives orders of food and beverage from Dilruba.  Dilruba lits up a cigarette and extends the packet toward Jose and offers— cigarette?
== No thanks.  I don’t like it.
== Then in this smoke you’d stuffocate, I’d drop it.
== No no don’t waste.  U  puff on.  feel free. Otherwise you’d be uneasy.
== You are a forecaster I see.
== Not exactly, but I can see u are poising— wavering to and fro — glancing  back and forth—  as if u are in some awful ill at ease.
== No no.  Why should I be uneasy?  What’s there of uneasiness? (Poises to say under more discomfort).
== Good if you ain’t.
(Her glassic toasting rummer touches Jose’s glass) : Cheers. No, actually I’m thinking if I s’d tell u—
== If it can’t be told why tell me?  And hearing?  That’s none of my business.

Look @ Break of Rime to Brook
Now for the dance session the music changes to jazzy.  The lights sync focus.  The lead guitarist is an expert player.  The pairs begin to dance quite cozily.  While Dilruba and Jose glued to chairs.
== Come on, let’s dance, Dilruba extends her hand.
== No thanks.  I can’t dance / I falter and mistance / So I like to keep distance / I flop / You go and hip hop.
== You partiquette-less guy!  U offend ladies by refusing them?
== That means u’re saying the special right to offend by womenclature should be reserved 100% for women only— not for men. OK, bring a bill to that effect. It’ll be passed.
== Listen.  Let me be clear. I offered u to dance doesn’t mean I’m eager to dance griping your body.
== Then what for?
== Only for the reason that if we2 stay here separately u will also be the target of their weapon— actually this is the cause of my headache.
== Oh father, of whom?!
== Note that on the mouth of the door stands a sharp shooter.  Another gunnatic braced at the counter— drinking from a jigger.  They have hidden ultratech weaponry.
== And what if I hop?
== And if we dance they won’t be able to single out 2 of us from amongst the partisan crowd to easily target.  Becuz while dancing everybuddy will move constantly.   And we may preject to eject out of here—to live further.
== A very terroric gal!  If I knew this before, I won’t have admitted u here to sit with me.  I then guessed u just another globelle, a hottie  funadict naughty chocochick.
== Xtremely sorry.  If u refused still I had to sit in this musical chair.  As u see all other seats are reserved.
== However, I can’t trust u further.  Delilah or femme fatale whichever u might be — u grace here.  The dance is hitting and hotting up —– u’ll have no dearth of codancer, your boozom guniac comrade in arms at the counter will come to partner u.  I leave now to save my life gifted by my parents.  Jose refuses to budge. He gets up to leave.
== Oh, sure but before that—Check out if you are trying to swim in the stony mountain leaving the pond. In this case   it’d be easier to swim on mountstone.  Becuz?  Becuz u proceed only to be triggered down by the 2 gunners.
== Why they’ll kill me? I’m not their harmer? (Crossly).
== Whenever they kill / wherever they feel / as per their sweet will / do they kill / innocent people / women and children / for they’ve done / any harm to those guntastic guys?/ Or they victimize / being wrongly dictumized?  U might not have hurt them as yet.  But they finish them who they think might hurt them.  As tho u haven’t injured their interest till now, but since u’re  with me they presume u either a tec or a foeman of their rival gang who collaborates with me.  So your pics already adore their hit album. Becuz they know — 
So long one is good at other
the other might be better with the one
But if one is bad at other
the other might be the worst

So now they might think we’re politricking to fob them for bringing them to book. They’ll reciprocate.  So please don’t waver to buy more time. Better we plan how to get out of this trap while we dance?  Ok?
Apprehending the situation appalled Jose doesn’t hover more.  Because as of now

jive = live
The rhythmic dance boosted by mad tuneful stance
follows the particolored focus of swirling trance
Baffled coffin to be summoned forthwith
In sombre hides to vide infra the venturous vulture
How to figure out black or white in this spectre?

Spook Of Terroria
== Jose, u dance really well I see.
== Dancing not willingly.  But being contamed by u to save my life in boundage.  U make me dance like monkey so i have to.
== Ahha, why are u annoyed?  Chuckle.
== Ho-ho- ho  ha-ha-ha  hi- hi-hi……
== Quiet. Quiet. Is that a laugh?  Hearing it everybody will laugh.  Make yr face normal, not so huffy.  They can read your mind on yr face.
== What more to do?  i have to hop till i drop,  have to laugh,  have to remain normal before crucifiction. +  what more,  now i have to cry certainly?
== Noh, yr rage yet to bog down.
== No I shouldn’t be angry!  I was alright.  All on a sudden got snared.  I don’t know u,  not familiar to u.  U must be a stubbordinate cadre of the militants.  A faker now u feign to be a fakir.
.... Dilruba smirks noting the ire and fire of Jose:  I haven’t feigned to be a fakir.  Then hear. I won’t lie.  During my teen age being lured by a Bangladeshi mafia Khalifa to be a heroine in filmdom,  I was exported to Mumbai.  Then usually what happens, eyeing to be picked up by producers and directors I had to work as an Extra being a doll of dons.  Who employed me as a bar singer cum dancer to be further exported to Dubai. I had to swallow that too.  But when I saw unholy alliance of them with some foreign religious hardcore terroric gangs,  I escaped back to India with the help of one of their rival gang.  I know 1 day they wd finish me surely.  Yet let me njoy life so long I can live.  At least barring me there’s none to look after my old mother.  Hearing I want to be a film star my father objected:  If u go there u wd be a bad girl.  U’re still an adolescent.  U wd be misutilized.  Trashing that I fled secretly.  only to be duped & ensnarled by Khalifa.  Later I heard my dad did not last long in my grief.  And since then my father’s words ever flash me till now.  Dilruba’s eyes fog with watery vapors during her ruminating descripture on reverse lookup. Jose watched her minutely, trying to decipher if she’s telling the truth and said:
We peel out past remembrances
like layers of onion
though our eyes vapor often
 
== Then what are U doing in this chillax?
== Now our market is at stress in Mumbai.  Here is a vacancy of a bar dancer cum singer in this chillax.  The proprietor of this Libido asked to see me.  Tonight I’ve the appointment with him.  By this time all this mishap.  Trust me I did not entangle U with my ill fate willingly.  By twist of time U’ll be dragged into it, at first I couldn’t primagine.
....The ire of Jose cools a little: at the time of death does my trust or untrust matter? However, you’ve vast experience in this line.  tell me how can we log out outsmarting them?
Grins Dilruba: Good that your irritation has ceased.  That’s like a good boy.  Listen at first from distance u try to earn as much trustworthyness to them as u can.  How?  Don’t let them presume u as their rival gangman or policer.
== Then what’d they think me?
== Ahha, as if u assume nothing, a faker!  So that they presume that we2 being lovemerged with each other,  haven’t noticed them at all.
== So what am I to do now?
== Ahha a feigner,  will it work if u keep so much distance with me while dancing?  Come closer.  Grinning hug me often with a loventuring face.  Looook at the pair that side.  How the dancing guy hugging and kissing his partner as a heartner?
== Ah I too wanna smooch like that.  But the problem is  I donno that gal.
== Oh u hopeless!  Dilruba sees red > did I tell u to kiss that gal or —
== Oh now clear to me—to kiss u—u just had to tell me earlier— Thus sayeth this he incloses Dilruba firmly and frantically kisses her continuously.
== Hei, what nonsense, it’s bepaining.  Leave me.  detouch me.  A body-hugger. savage!  Did I tell u clasp me so pressingly?  to smooch me?  Her pretension.
== Ok u didn’t rehearse and direct me.  in what angle.  how far to embrace.  to brace for kiss to whom.  And I ain’t a filmic diva like u to act properly.  So I might have overacted a little.  In fact I thought from distance we try to earn as much trustworthiness to them as we can.  So that they presume that we2 being lovemerged with each other,  haven’t noticed them at all.  To script this arrangement I had to do that.
== Oh really u’re a hopeless.  Again shopping to grasp me?  Very clever paramour I see.  Only posing like a goody.
== Nay, I’m just extracting a bit of honey before I die.  U mightn’t agree but after death, Jam, the god of death, will surely pry before opening the gate to heaven:  u died so early, tell me sony, what  pleasures u njoyed in yr life in the world?  Could u earn big bucks by exporting some contraband drugs?
== Nno my lord.
== Could u earn cutbacks from fodder, coal mines or any weapon supply deal?
== Nno my lord.
== Had u ever been able to seal a deal with legislators by trading horses to topple governments?
== Nno my lord.
== Ever been able to become a leader and amassed cash for your future 14 generations, emitted gas for the common people, and floated your ash all over the country?
== Nno my lord.
== Ok, been able to massacre blameless masses being suicide bomber?
== Nno my lord.
== Been able to do business with holy Bivuti being a guru?
== Nno my lord.
Now Death King Jam will be fire: What nonsense, crowing no my lord no my lord, then why come here — to show yr face?  Nowadays without having 10 to 15 years of state of the art massacring experience, nobody is allowed passport to paradise.  If his highness Indra, the maharaja of gods is tipped off yr news, my service will be naught.  Ok, tho these are pettycase  still — do u smoke?
== Nno my lord.
== Hopeless, are U alcoholaholic?
== A little.
== Excellent, any womantic ultimate pleasure?
== A little.  Really not lying — only during my very last day on earth while I just a bit atouched Dilruba in dancing,  she blasted me such a—
His jovial humor makes Dilruba guffawing — aha a poseur, Have I blasted u?  I’m telling u not to be such a bumpkin — what’s that?  again why frisking me in my waistland while talking?
== Is it possible to dance without grasping the waistland?  Moreover yr body I look / is so seductive that I’m hooked / to book to bedjust u in my room!  But what u ’re romping around my body?  An unbeshamed gal!
== Really!  My honey fulbeau.  How many gals have u slept with till now? Dilruba quips.
== Did I count?  believe me with those girls I got asleep.  but with U I will spend the merry night.  Hei what are U searching in my body? Jose quires.
== I see u have a weapon in your pocket.  That means u ‘re not such a rustic as it deems and seems.  Tell me who’re u? A white dressed tec? Seeing yr himagic countenance I himagined if I could be heroine against u!  Who ARE u? Dilruba suspicious.
== Hero?  I don’t have the luxury to view films tilms. Some people are fanatic about making their way to Hollywood Bollywood and other woods. Yet if they could just build their own jollywood in mind, they can stay out of woods and jolly for life. I know very well that
On the way to blue jollywood
flash your credit card ==>  Enter

I’m a small businessman.  I have to tour on business.  Have to keep little money with me.  And have to keep a weapon for that this much.  And if u speak of weapon, u don’t have bomb planted on u, but don’t u harbor a weapon too in yr waistland? Jose countercharges.
== Then u must be a sleuth or Pirzada. Dilruba avoids his query.
== Sleuth I understand.  But  Pirzada  who’s  that  devil?  I donno such a relic.  Why? I look like that?  Jose  quires.
== Even his gangsters haven’t seen him.  So how should I know his looks?  Tho I’ve been able to land in India with the help of his gang. I’m grateful to them for that. But I don’t belong to his unit.  In fact I will no more be a part of any such gang.  For that I die or live whatever my fate may be.  Her revealage.
Jose says: Then how’d empathize if I’m that guy?  However listen, you or me / whoever may we be:
May be--what--I--am--saying >  I am--not--that
,,  be what you are saying >  you are not that.
,,  ,,  what you are saying > you are just that
,,  ,, what I am saying > I am just that.
Whatever may we be / now no time to probe / but only to move. Now our common target ==> to escape from this pub unhurt.  Am I right?  Jose bids the flaming issue.
== 100% right.  Dilruba nods.
== Then come on.  Let’s talk straight / leaving talk of craft.
== Good, I too prefer that.
== Without knowing abc only hearing the music of dancing, as a danseuse yourself, u can well understand as me, this number of dance is nearing its end?
== This music of a known song I too use to sing.  People savor it.
== However listen. 1 man—
1 man in front of counter > pocketing  weapon.
1 man at the entry + exit point > pocketing weapon.
1 gate sealed after a man died in encounter with the commandos.
== 1 youngster, blue suited, bearded?
== Right.
== That’s Suleiman, the bomber of their gang.  Then the commandos have cordoned the resort.  So not to worry.  It will be harder for them to flee. Dilruba assures.
== Why no worry.  You’ll also be nailed. Jose nailed.
== I can’t be framed to tame into custody for a long time.  As what’s the charge against me?  I’ve not exported contraband drugs.  Haven’t helped the traitors.  They’ve tried to draft me in their team that I’ve dodged and fled.  On the contrary if I testify for the govt, many of them might be tracked by the intelligence.  For that reason they’ve come here to kill me.  And legally singing and dancing can’t be debarred from nightclub.
== Then why didn’t u surrender to police?
== In that case they wd have killed me earlier.  And to do  that  now first I’ll have to get out of this imminent danger. Dilruba reasons.
== Naturally, they’re to kill you. Because —  Bones are necessary for supporting the flesh. But bones are unnecessary in a kebab. However, Jose now overviews all around to get out of the shell to ink the tacktricks — then listen first. — To get out 1 gate is closed.  Vigilantmosphere in the other entrance & exit, being reguarded by them.  Another ultramate at the counter. Yet--
Where there is strength
hides the weakness
Where there is weakness
dries the strength

Still there is another backdoor passageway, our only survival virus.  That survirus I know as I have been staying here for the last few days.  That is there u see the screen.  While dancing we jig our steps to that side.  Behind the screen u get the door to toilet.  The passage starting at the door on to the other side of the toilet leads > toward the boarder’s rooms after bypassing the office, reception and security.  That passage > to staircase ==> to room # 203.  That’s the 3rd room on first floor on the right side.  That’s my room.  Currently my selfortress.  He pauses a but. 
Then reorganizes: As soon as this dance number stops, at first I slip as if going to toilet --> and then to -->  my room to wait there for u.  Then your waitage to watch for the chance for selfortification.  As soon as any waiter bypasses u, acting as unmindful u collide with him to turn the tray with foodstuff and beverage glassics.  Then feigning to clean your smeared dress u slip thru toilet, latching the door from inside in quicktime, coming to my selfortress room to knock = to book.  There we’ll beducate the situation and thereforth chalk out our next road maps to escapade.  Of course if u can believe me a bit.  If u don’t, wend for your death, I for mine. He mulls:
Time is high. time will fly
Your life is your valuable time.
You may beautilize it by beautifully
and dutifully utilizing it, or squander
by misutilizing it,  as you desire

== Did I tell u that I don’t trust u?  Otherwise how could I sit with u so long time?  Dance with u? Dilruba assuages. 
== Then done (Toasting up peg)  Y
== Done...........................…….  Y
== Ok, pegs Jose, then that’s final, good luck.

(=_=)  I have framed my game
Now turn on yours term  (*j*)
 

== Ok, Good luck.
The first phase of dance selfizzles here......

Et Sequentes >>>

Penning unto so far to pauseth for prayer.
spake hapless chandan, hoi polloi kindly ear.
Humbly I cannot precasteth more hereafter.
As this puzzle hath multiple solution.
Thou elect by vote choosing a singleton.
And wiseth me up with thy option
to yarn the mistory as per your discretion.

Public Propinion Poll
Out of these probables which would u seek to tick ?

[] Will Dilruba and Jose be able to flee?
[] One of them will flee the other will be shot?
[] Or both of them will die by terroric killture?
[] Both will flee hurt and romantic all well ends well?
[] One will flee hurt one will flee unhurt?
[] Security helps Dilruba to be helped by her?
[] Terrorers will take all the partisans as hostage?
[] The terrorers will kill all and abscond?
[] The terrorers will kill all and be killed by commandos?
[] Removing revelers commandos capture terrorics?
[] One terrorer is to flee and the other treed?
[] ,,  terrorer is to flee and the other is to die?
[] In sudden action hero + heroine to injure terrorics?
[] Is Jose himself Pirzada?
[] The terrorers to be killed by Jose alias Pirzada & co? 

[Soliloquiz: Most mysteries of the super sphere hang in unsolved. Will this descripture also tread that path?  Shall there be any survey of public propinion in this regard? — If that happens ever, also that shall not cometh unto the knowledge of this woeful fellah — who will not survive to scriptograph the denouement — which he prejects to linger as everdue.  But this real situation is whispered to you only—please do not leak it out to anybody—this unworthy guy swears by his head.  This extravacant trivial man endangered / remained wastrel never surrendered}.


(((((((((((()))))))))))


C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.8
Chapter 8: Faraway Milkyway


Rapidly Hurriedly
[21:55 by night superfast train. Crosspassing somewhere. Everybody’s arranging for movile sleep. 1 co passenger’s mention: After finishing, put the light out …… In such outmosphere flags off this scripture.]

.... Station.  Noon.  Mohiuddin detrain with Sarol on the platform, searching if he can find out any other comrade of his party getting off from any other compartment.  Instead of that someone grabs his hand.  Watching his uniform at first Mohiuddin presumes a cop’s come again to nab him.  But the comer’s jungle camouflage uniform and voice prove Mohi wrong:  Hello Mr. Ahmed,  Do you recognize me? The man in uniform questions.
== Seem to know — yea we had long discourses at Banaras party congress — comrade Roth I think?  Almost 2 years gone since our last meet, ain’t it?  Mohi responds.
== Right. I’m Usan Roth.  But not a comrade anymore.
== In what grief? Mohi asks.
== As now I’m a soldier only. A soldier has no party.  no religion.  only has nationality. has country.  But why’re you in this city? Usan Roth curoious about the duo.
== Becuz this time the party congress to hold in Rourkela.  So this is my comrade Sarol and I’ve come here to join.
== Hi. Sarol handshakes with Ushan.
== Aponi kouthu aasilo? (where did u come from). Mohi asks.
== Bhubaneswar.  I’ve noticed in posters and banners of Rebel Party of India that the sessions will be held here but no more news I have.  As I’ve to join in my new posting day after tomorrow. Usan.
== Aaponi kouthu jibaa? (where’d you go). Mohi quizzes.
== Where they’d post me in the frontier. Usan responds.
== In this station now?
== For train to visit my birthing place for once again. Usan. 
== Where’s that?
== A small village along Odisa-Jharkhand-Chhatisgarh border. Usan tries to describe him.
== Oi train asila. (yr train’s come). Mohi shows Usan.
== Mu jaaye? (Shall I go), Usan sets to go.
== Starting up.  Run. Dhaikirikiri dhaikirikiri dhaikirikiri. (Rapidly hurriedly  hurriedly rapidly).

Returns The Flying Ash
.... Usan boards the train.  Mohi waves to see him off.  Usan reciprocates.  He can hear Mohi’s voice thru the window: See you again.  As the train speeds up Usan’s mind overcasts a little.  A little known man comes from far away waves him off so intimately, though he has nobody of his own in this world.  And he knows not if they shall ever meet.  He still is unaware of where he is to be sent for which war or shadow war.  Only he knows he is to go for the kill to kill as per order or to be himself stilled.  That culture cannot be called as killture or stillture.  Albeit you kill a few it is a crime brand killture / if thou killeth en masse it becometh sublime war.  So he knows not if he will ever return wholesome.  His hands legs eyes nose throat head kidneys heart lungs brain pancreas ……. will return nonhurt or not.  Yet it is his service.  He is to go for he is boundaged to houndage.
  Besides in his life he is not obsessed by any great purpose. any dreamatic attraction. any funtastic dreamdom. any dragging from the root.
  Only to decompose time as habituated.
 he clings to nothing special 
  only to kill time cozily
  As he has no back traction
  nobody to complain
  none to obstruct
none to swear only my sake you stay
 As if a denizen cues from backdrop
  no use to do anything 
  it’s ok on this noway 
 Let the time guide & glide & tide on the figure way
  As he does nothing commendable
  albeit so many works were to be done
  With the northern wind to whistle 
  his plans to plant rose saplings
 in garden immaterialized
  Yet his times crosspass without regret 
  Days elapse over the eyes
  lapse with flawed flowery promises
  Worldic gravitations recede
 from his radar gradiently 
  slacken every liquid bonds 
  perpetually complex the lines of simplex faces
  Veins and byeveins expose explicit
 elegant lines in palms jolt 
 Each rhythm of autogoing life blurs.

Life sans thirst or attraction
love sans lust is just back traction

.... He has nothing to do.  Still another day in hand to drain out.  How to?  He springs to visit for once his birthing ancestral village, where his tweeny teeny years spent in the smell of lush greenery.  Reaching there Usan reckons the village no more a village to preckon, it is pruned to a halftown.  That immense green field is no more.  The field is filled by waste of factories and carbonary flyash.  A dustfield.  There for lifting and processing of mineral ore industry so many families like them were forced to seek refuge at distant cities like Cuttack, Raipur, Bilaspur, Ranchi, Vizag, Chennai and at other places leaving their native land, taking a paltry compensation for acquisition.  And those who escaped in the surrounding villages, had to remain there being contamed to be contaminated by polluted air and water with the ailments of tuberculosis, asthma, infertility, gastro enteritis, birthing defects and other diseases inflicted by the dumped waste.  Today he factfinds a hill of dump has been developing in the lap of the small hill Akuti.  

O

^^^^^
~~~~~~~~~~~~~``

.... The wounds scar the Akuti hills — Some miscreants dig stones out of it and crash to supply the stone chips.  Once that green hill, now has no trees no grasses no flowers no fruitility no leaves no shades no maya no sympathy no pity. Those trees and greens had so long been merchandised to be doors windows beams furniture and fuelled to fulfill devourer humans.  Albeit he remembers he had read in the Wanderer’s Wordrobes that in its lifetime a tree of 50 ton weightage delivers the benefit to the biosphere equivalent to Rupees 15.20 lakhs in that time’s market value. 
.... Still who hears who bothers who preckons who realizes the entreaty of tree?  Who hears who bothers who preckons who realizes the prayer of hill?  Like glazing mica the clear crystal water of the  r~i~v~e~r  Minoti dazzled nearfrom the hill.  Now that river drains the toxic industrial waste black water.  Who hears who bothers who preckons who realizes the orison of river?  That vast green field adjoining hill and river is no more.  Huge factories and industrial estates sprouted there now routing the greenery of that once sublime greenery.  Once upon a time where they used to play and ramble with their playmates….. There sitting on the rough surface of the meadow on the remainders of straw roots after cutting, once he with his chum Balovadra had a mutual spell to tell each other their first crush loventure….. Recollecting this Usan chortles.  That day Balovadra equips him with the info: The gal is a mantrap to look at.  I’m in love with her.
Whom you love
You know
,,  know ?
If someone loves you?

== Oh that’s the problem.  how to know that?
== Simple.  don’t worry.  marry her.  u’d figure out fun, soon. Usan quips.
== Omg! Now I can somehow manage to carry the weight of unaware.  But after marriage—oh fffather— i won’t be able to bear the weightage of the funware! 
.... Is there any trace of those graphics of joyous days in life?  If those tales are told is there anyone to trust those?  Abruptly Usan hollos in the trash zone:
W-i-l-l  A-n-y-b-o-d-y  T-r-u-s-ttttttttttttttttttt…
His oppugn rebounds scattering some ashes of the Akuti hills and trashes back to him:
W-i-l-l  A-n-y-b-o-d-y  T-r-u-s-t-ttttttttttttttttttt…
A large and deep pond diversified the vast field.  On reverse lookup >> one day in his teens.  Usan passing by the pond. playing his flute  he pauses.  looking at the gathering of a sizable crowd there.  Everybody’s eye centered toward the pool of water ==> There floats a corpse of 1 young man ….. the hands of the corpse are raised above water….. who perhaps wanting to live in the last moments yelled for: save, save—or Usan wonders  those 2 hands incite everybody to: come who who’ll dip into this deepness — come who’ll come, who’ll come who’ll come!……Even the blistered veins in his hands are visible.  His swelled body smears patches of black, sunk in water and mud, rots and melts.  Whether his head is there is not obvious from the bank of the pool.  Foul rotten smell drifts in ample wind…..  in his wounds team of  flies swarm…… Yet in deep swim  / if you could negotiate the rough water  / could float in familiar favorable current  / hit the right spot  / then you could be a prosperous lotus  / But you fuel out even in the propitious water  / Lost in the swirling pool dashed by waves  / blued by envenomed death  / bitten by fishes sinsects and flies / you surface on water swelled rotten and melted  / Where elude the promistic fleurs!
…. Today if any anybody will believe and buy that once a large deep pond was there?  Nobody will.  No bloody buddy.  As this dumpage is already filled up with garbage. There’d develop a huge multistoried commercial complex.  Hither & thither many people will cometh to debit  ±  credit.  Thou who shalt be working on those trade centers shouldst thou believe thou know thou perceive thou hear thou obey thou see thou think > beneath those real estatate buildings wast a vast pond which now made unreal.  The corpse of a restless youth once floated thither who wanted to live raising his hands waved and weeded in water striving his veins and arteries struggling his body finally swelled rotted head melted wounds unhealed flies swarmed onlookers hooked stink floated crows flighted mind cried...

Effigy
.... At night introversive Usan zips to the roadside joint of Jagannath Rao for the night stay.  Enclosed to national highway.  The Jagannath Dhaba is well decorated. and landscaped by arbor.  A shady oasis prefixed to the desert of ashes.  In the awayness of Rao, his partner Parvin Rao is the possessor.  Seeing after a long time, still she can recognize Usan.  She cares him to guide:  At first you dine.  Later all good food’d run out.
....  Brouhaha sound effects at the dining space.  Foodies consist mainly the drivers of long distance lorries buses and bikers.  Above all the garish make up of fast food and repetitions of some fast songs in every layer, amongst which is a part of one of his known song lyrics:
... I’m now18 years  
hey big brother hey father hey big brother
fix up my marriage
match my pair …
.... After dinner Parvin apprises Usan: No room vacant tonight due to fest season.  But your case is different.  You’re a soldier.  You fight for the country.  So make merry tonight.  Tomorrow where’d you stay / and whether you’d get this propportunity who can say? ….. (Usan gets jolted in these words as Parvin also hints like others that the life of a soldier has no surety!  While conversing Usan cannot determine her age starring at her face and the cleavage—whether she’d be in her thirties or in the forties — short in height but sturdy is her body structure.] ……So special arrangement for you—Giving A class smasher for you — daughter of rich man—comes here only for funtasy — and the cost of her food & booze free — her name is Koli — go to the netted room with your bed ready in veranda.
Coming into the net-screened improvised room Usan sees boozom Koli pouring booze and humming a love lore:
Nua  nua
my eyes blush  Nua  nua
,,  cheeks.blush Nua  nua.
....  Koli is really like a stanza, even seeing him her humming lyrics continue...Usan quizzes himself…Friend, have you thirst?  / Only if you have thirst water becomes intoxicating wine  / and if you have no thirst the wine becomes water  / Friend, have you quest?  / if you have thirst you’ll have elixir  / and if you have quest you’ll have the mountain of knowledge  / Friend, do you have addiction?  / Friend, do you have lust?  He indigs his own response:
To live without diction & addiction
is badiction

 Actually some days splash
 when you ain’t thirsty
 but coming to lucrative introxicant
 your throat thirsts like a desert
 figures fissure like selfurnace.

.... From outside shafts of moonlight peep thru the parallel gaps of the net made of trimmed pieces of garnished bamboo stick into the makeshift room sliced out of the veranda, wherein by that time the sextempore flares up.  The duo are primitive now — those big ignorant primitives who were not trained big to ignite fire hitting stones— those bignorants also needed not be trained to bignite passionate fire hitting a body against a body.  Yet internaturally it happens.  
.... Outside the makeshift room cautions Parvin — I’m coming, enters and surveying the situation at a coup d'oeil comments as if surprised : You don’t bear up any delay, have started instantly!  Then while filling up emptied glassics she ogles the dare bare soldierly figure of Usan de haut en bas, and inchurns his undressed figure is more inviting than that in his military dress!  So it would have been bonus for her to enjoy this hot bod herself instead of deputing Koli here. But Koli knows for certain it is a myth that the hero savors the world.  That means to Parvin the women have always favored and savored the mighty herotic man.  As koli’s prexperience is that Parvin, a good manager as well as maniser, is like a bee queen.  If she comes into contact with a good figured herotic and erotic man she’d surely & certainly grab him slyly & slowly.  Parvin now fakes business: Just wait till I go out then go as you like.
== Who needs to go you out?  Why not join us make threesome? Usan evokes.
== Not now.  Another day.  After you return then — Parvin utters reluctantly.
  -Exit-

.... Thereforth the pale laces of moonbeams sneaking thru the net, divide their sexhibited figureways into many parallel equal parts of light and shade, sunk in somberness for sometimes. Then Koli gabbles nonstop.  Usan hears patiently to ponder she is also an effigy to be burnt to turn into ashes one day.
Partnership is like pair of shoes
Not to be misfit in  other's shoes
wear the right sized shoes
for the specific feet only
to avoid any woes

He’s musing about his tonight’s partner.
== What’re you musing?  His wife for 1 night flags him.
== Yr avid looks, counterserves her hubby for 1night stand.
== Really?  Koli wants to sleep bosoming him feeling secured.  But she can perceive even in somber, the tempo of nonchalant  Usan is not attuned to accord the normal chord.  She cannot decode  / why is this oblivious rambling?  / Reclined blasé merged in dark  / why this nonchalant diversion?  / What’s the cryptic gain?  / Night elapses in figuring out the mute configuration of grasses outfield  / Deeprooted painoptic ruefulness overlaps the windy heart.  / Separated at root figurehead treetops embrace above / Mystic moonbeams tattooing the body  / Pointless cozying sitting and lying  / Sylvan flowers spraying distant fragrance  / I can easily squander everything my deary  / to gain you con amore  / only if you evince your wish  / But I know you like me  / been recurrently done harking back  / seen what is to remain unseen & unsin  / I guess you a live corpse  / hangovers adrift antic.

Temporal Upshot Isn't Eternal
.... Pillowing 1 hand of Usan somewhen napster Koli is to trip in nap…..But now he discovers her primatic unworried sleeping soma resting her head on her bedder’s chest, bent a little in light cold.  
There’s nothing fixed who will head where tomorrow.
Still her temporal reliance on him bemuses him.  Raising 1 hand he holds up the net curtain to view the earth of ashes palsy in sleep.  In the area of garden of this dhaba stand in the way the haughty high-headed scrupulous uneven screwy bushy trees like Chhatim — as if these are the Haatim trees of neolithic age.  All these unruly trees rue impertinent stubordinate tough greenish.  They wall up in resistance — and chargesheet him as a man to showcause >>  why the macabre wo/men have been ghastly annihilating the society of our trees and trashing the world into ashes?  Is the world the pat/mat/ernal property of wo/men only?….. Usan views the sky has been reddened above the Akuti hills in the flare of factory furnace — as if it is set ablaze, and in the Minoti river its reflection looms.  He drops the curtain. 
.... Sleep grips him. …… Now in his hearterrain / fizzes the terra incognita ocean of fear  / swirls the wavering boat  / in the terrifying wind  / he knows not in which river or revere  / that’s not merely  / to get or lose something  / or to forsake everything forever……. Into deep sleep he inchurns to slip…..across the Akuti hills rise the volcanic smoke, super gale of ashes & trashes……blazing the effigy of beloved miscreated  devilization of wo/men …… In the Minoti river rushing the massive turbulent water of the deluge age.  All the humankind is being swayed by the ocean of blood flood…… the sweet will joy & mirth & desires love pity kindness, the trifle straw of trust submerged in the rapids of bloody flow sway……deer, feather of birds, cruel beasts, sleeping woman, speechless baby, cannon firers sway……warcry the villain coactors & actresses of shadow war sway……the famous precious brains of wo/men, the glitz of weapons, machines, the politricks shielded by religion,  art literature sculpture philosophy paintings, library, ledger of accounts, darling embrace, 7 million 77 thousand 777 wonders sway everything sway!  And all the frightened humans and creatures for the last time praying like that drowned youth’s 2 raised hands: Save, save; or raising alarm inciting everyone to dip 
Come who who’ll dip into this deepness
come who’ll come, who’ll come who’ll come!

.... His sleep evanesces to disconnect.  He wonders he was submerged in what absurd frightening plight?  His throat dries like a cracked melon.  He separates himself from the clasp of Koli’s hands.  He rises up to drink water…… No.  He obsesses wo/men in future will certainly assume her/his posterity overcoming these temporal pause of stoppage. 
A stop doesn’t stop in a full stop for ever

Milkyway Figureway

[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[ O ]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]

.... Opening a part of the net curtain his eyes first hit the moon then
ply toward the pertinent Hatim trees …..then fly to the sky above the Akuti hills and Minoti river to be widened and glued in utter amazement!  Signaling red yellow blue green lights a glowing extraordinary celestial vehicle is whizzing in land emitting a mild buzz ……As if a lightening whizard Para trooping down the hill and river to zero in to gorilla attack in nark dark……. His somnolence slips outright!  He rubs his eyes in utter disbelief to closely watch accurately ……. Yes. Just right!  But nobody will believe what he is figuring — they will dismiss it as a funtastic hoax by a ganja smoker.  So he picks up the all in one Brazok machine showing time in glowing blue letters from the table and as soon as he logs in it keeping on his palm, the machine radiates some gibberish wireless signals on its screen — like which he has not marked beforth.  However when he tries to snap the flyer saucer with the Brazok, the saucer diffuses its glow lights and evaporates ventre a terra.  So Usan sketches a propicture of that unidentified flying machine may be from faraway milkyway, in his gizmo.  Finishing the artograph, to gather more info about flier objects he searches in that machine > Flying Saucer >
.... [Patch => People of different ages viewed such flying objects, meteors, fireballs, comets many times manywhere in the earth—which they dismissed either as hallucination or as illusive and delusive outcomers from some different distant sursphere. In the regions of Costa Rica and Bermuda triangle, the fishermen often saw the mystic presence of some queer submerged saucer in front of their boat or underwater.  Some commoners guessed those are not aliencrafts sent from outside the world, but rather might be the handiworks of some secret experimental project of intricate weapons or futuristic avrocraft by their brawny neighbor Uncle Sam. In India the concept of spacecraft equivalent to Unidentified Flying Objects was found in the Vedas, purans, Ramayan, Mahavarat and other Sanskrit literatures.  In 1875 the ancient script of Bimanika,  wherein the techknowledlge of making and flying of aircraft scripted by the sage Varadwaj, was discovered.  From the ancient Indian scriptures mainly 4 types of avrocraft were found— Shakun biman, Sundar biman, Rukma biman, Tripur biman.  There was some willful ambiguity in the descripture of the structure and propulsion of biman (aircraft) & roth (chariot).…. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
.... In the eyes of sleeping Koli the radiation of the blinking rays from the Brazok twiddles.  Her sleep ebbs.  She watches on the Brazok screen some peculiar shady celestial abracadabra ballooning aerobatics like eagles.  Which is boring & drab déjà vu to her.  Rather minutely perking up the reflective course of subdued colory rays from the gadget on Usan’s bare bod turns her on horny.  She zeroes in on his central business district to crave and grab sexcitedly.  She covers the screen with her hands: to look at the same drab abracadabra photos again & again bores me.  Rather look at these pics > she touchscreens to change the subject > look at these > these motifs of the figurines on temple walls — ain’t they lively?
....  Usan views those are the propix of erotic sculptures on the walls of Konark temple that he changes to return to what he was seeing.
== Shit. I don’t like these.  Come on, turn the gizmo off.
== Yea, just going.
== Night’s also just gonna wane.
== Nearly finished.  Just comin’.
== U won’t come, ok u won’t have to — She as her sexcellency abruptly turns off the machine to turn on his sextinguisher stuff as a sextrovert.  Uneasy Usan cannot defend himself : Hei, what u wanna do?  Wait, wait.
== Gonna do what? Konark.  U see.
== Again?
== Again & again & again.  Over & over.  Konark is never old to be cold always gold.  Summarily bulldozing his disinclinating quizzes, like a real player spanking she squeezes him to sextract  his skintillating sexchequer in quicktime.
Apathetic Usan has to buckle his skindependence to go with the flo.

No harm in it

..It’s better to bow for doormat bliss from baddies
..to dodge scorpion’s prick of outdated scruple outskirt
..No harm in it
  
Rather it’s good
..for no strings atouched as good bad or ugly
..As sometimes how to fare & flare & dare & gear
..depends on how to go with the indulgent flo
..Or like a dor rolling on favorable slope
..you preffortlessly figureskate as far as plausible
..Or else you’re vulnerable even to mate
..Tho inherent drippings of intersecretion
..in mind due to sordid boundages degenerate
No harm in it
  
So oh seer, what’s the use of hangover
..on what should and what should not?
..It’s better to be sleepy stripy drippy within
..the no frill fatigue hooked up in playmate’s lap
..of figurative introxicating lapland
..in advertless inadvertent fag
..Do love deserve love if many hands serve?
..Or how far is the empyrealm milky way?
..Who visit from where by what astrocraft
..gear on which trajectory everquest how far?
..These bytes of doubt
..fizz out in unending obsession
..What’s the use of inchurnation?
..Rather don the figureway of live doll in golden glee
..Answer fire by fire
..Affix the appendix with usual flirt dart
No harm in it


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.9
Chapter 9: Unbidden Reflexion


Own Flesh Is Foe Of Doe 

Waiting room of an old age home.
[This home might be located at anywhere or manywhere in the world, that can fit in anybody’s own backdrop. And the names of the unnamed characters herein and their attires & makeup can be done and redone to adjust & attune to the change of places / times and situations.}

.... A doddler child simulating baseball play, kids around the room with plaisir.  And 3 person’s whispering conversations splinter:
1: Oh, if we could manage from dad just 1 day beforth… we won’t have to be toed into this trouble.
2: …however now we’ve to grapple…
3:…to watch for the opportunity when no doc no nurse  no visitor in dad’s cabin, then we’re to…
4:…shhh…lower yr voice. The guy at next sofa’d hear…
This time a nurse quires the guy at his waitage at the next sofa: are u Somidh Som?
== Yes.
== The patient’s returned to bed.  If you wanna visit him  now you may…
Getting in that room Somidh reckons a gleam of bonheur in Sir’s calm eyes greeting him.  But Sir’s face is covered with a transparent mask.  So no talk.  That familiar hospitalic medicinal smell. stuffocating and melancholic to him as ever.  And melancholy is like ample quicksand that sinks everything into its radius.  Staying in that room for sometime and after assuring Sir some positive hopes of cure, Somidh comes out of the room.  Though he agnizes that numerous ailments have been dogging Sir, which are difficult to be dodged, but he cannot understand whether Sir is plugged with hearing defects.  He meets the working benign nurse in passé du, the face of whom is acquainted to him a bit, for his visiting this Home for the last several days.  He approaches her to preckon the current weather of Sir's health status : Sister, how do you think Sir's condition is now?
== Status of Sir as etude — endangered  — respiratory stuffocation trouble  — administered oxygen — besides asthma, diabetes, heart…no end of age related internal probs.  Was hurt falling in bathroom  — above all the menternal emotional shock that’s been nagging him constantly — for that reason all his danger enhanced at a go…
== Emotional shock?
== Everybody knows, you donno?  Haven’t you noticed in the waiting room 3 aged folks formatting to chalk out masterplan?  They’ve a kid with them.  They’re 2 daughters and a notorious son in law of Sir.
== Oh, 2 fat women and 1 black conniving-type limping man?  Are they?  They were murmuring — now we’ve to grapple—like that…
== Yea, those flocks.  Sir laments these 2 daughters and that son in law whom he considered his most trusted aides, swindled him of all his shares, debentures, bonds, fixed deposits, deeds of his house, properties, jewelry, all other assets bank balance and liquid cash and  forced him to sign off to transfer everything in their favor  when he was severely ailing and  drove him out of his house.  Otherwise he had wanted to gift his property in equal proportions amongst his son & daughters.  Nurse’s revealage.
== O, he has other children too?  Have they been informed about this condition of Sir?
== His elder son died in his childhood. Living son wanted many times to take his father to him where he lives in a foreign country.  This time when he came and saw his father’s affliction in the hands of his elder sisters, he transferred him to this oldage home, his father had opted.  Becuz his octogenarian father doesn’t want to live in foreign country in his frail health in this ripe age leaving away from country.  His medical cost is covered by insurance.  And Sir has donated much for this Home.  So here Sir will not be neglected.  Besides his son also sends him money.  He is a mariner.  At the call he has to join his jobs.  Who knows at which sea he is at this hour — he couldn’t be contacted as yet.  As soon as he went, Sir’s condition deteriorated due to extra pressure exerted by these 2daughters’ gang.  But these cheats are afraid of their stubborndinate youngest sister.  She’s been informed at Hong Kong.  She’s not a person like her younger bro to give in.  She’d come to claim her pie of prop.
 But you’re seeing Sir’s fragile condition — might expire any time. Doc madam has strictly instructed us to watch him so that he can’t be made a pray to the slightest excitement.
== That’s why Sir used to say, 
Often solitude or unrelated people
are better than relations

Basudhoiba Kutumbakam > let the people of world be our relatives.  Well, you’ve cared a lot for our Sir, so thanks a lot.  Bye for today. Will come again. 

Adjured Night n Day
.... Signing off to exit, Somidh discovers Sarol entering Sir’s cabin with a vibrant gentleman.
== Strange Midhda, how’re U here & from when!  Sarol’s query.
== I’ve come here to visit my Sir.  And you here?
== I’ve come with Omni Punditda.  He is related to Sir.
== Horribilis! You Shrewmouse—Sorex Caerulescens, 
Earthworm in house
Outside shrewmouse!

Again calling me Omni Pundit!  I’ll slap you, pranking with me? Omni Pundit censures Sarol apparently, but is happy at the core, being called as Omni Pundit— having the hint to his omniscience.
== Oho, sorry very sorry, by mmmother, just a slip of tongue.  This mistake shalt happenth no more. Sarol is amused.  Well let me introduce => this is professor Romnis Pundit, our big bro, he is omniscient, ultrawise in each & every subject. (Here Omni Pundit simpers in pride).  And he is Somidhda, the director of our group of theatre in Kolkata and a painter.
== Horribilis! Great!  There’re many dramatic personae in our chathouse, but now not a single guy from the real theatre.  Why not join us in our evening adda chat session some day with this lad (showing Sarol).  Sitting and chatting imbibed to turn into a solid funtasy! Omni Pundit’s Jeu de mots.
== Where’s that?  Somidh wants to know.
== Why at Bangasudha theque.  Of course if you’ve no —
== No no, I’ve no such taboo.  Well, I shall hang around there some day with Sarol, your Sorex Caerulescens. Sarol—Shrewmouse, attend the rehearsal as soon as you return to Kolkata.  Bye today.
  -Exit Somidh-

.... After Omni Pundit and Sarol left meeting him, now Sir is alone in the room.  Here his identity is an old man this much.  Glancing him who’d say once he was a powerful man?  Nowadays who come to him none of them is his near one.  May be whatever  / in this case particular  / the age of our Sir  / some says 80  / some says 90  / some says lesser / some says more.  Now he is just a he.  Whose power of movement  +  speech is inactive but his menternal workshop is under control.  When alone, he is seized by chetanavyas that is in the conscious habitude…… as if a thousand wolves eating his flesh hunting him like a stag… now he is confronted and barracked in front & back & right & left by the constant silent booing echo of death……. accompanying the deadly cool death  / at the wink of death  / we trail on the horrible road  / But o did you know  / the death of the receding glacier?  / When the devouring fire bed of combustion  / burns to devour the dead itself  / alas, the fire bed defuses  / and the death prevails  / did we know? / Yes it was known  / knowing we forget only for the time being  / This is also known when the earth will be obliterated  / to be stilled/death will also smirk as  now…..
Hereforth those worlden articles and particles consumed by him so long like ….. time, society, affection, kindness, pity, love, lust, anxiety, pleasantry consumables and durables……. will also cease to exist with him!  He hypothecates what might be the primaginary accounts of his expenditure till now :
1. Approximately his  4×20  years of age was spent.
2.(6 hour a day)  1×20  years of age was spent in sleep.
3.( ,,  ,, a day)  1×20  years of age was spent in reflexion. 
4.( ,,  ,, a day)  2×20  years of age was spent in hunting money useless assets, wealth, power and possession and positional works or wastes.  But within that he is totally flopped in cerebrating how to balance the exact amount of debit  ±  credit his consumables >>> of foods—junk  papers books and periodicals—oil soaps toothpaste potato onion rice wheat vegetables fish meat—women—infrastructure—wine smoking medicines perfumes—fruits & flowers—dresses apparels & shoes—condom & sexpenditure—music movies & funtertainment—dearness and travel allowance—gas fire fuel—water  carbohydrates—fondness &c……which actually how much he had used is detraceable.  Here he breaks.  Then he is confused regarding if he is a gainer or a loser in his current state of deactivated life in this world.  Because his introdiction is that he has no right conception as to what is called win and what is loss.  For that reason he perceives it was earmarked for him what he has got in this life.  On the contrary is it of lesser value that he is yet alive evading a handicapped condition from any fatal accident,  evading to fall in any fatal deadly disease so long,  evading death so long in any killer riot war terror assassination,  escaping madness in painful frustrating distress,  escaping suicide?  And if he dies now the world will at least be lighter of about 75 kg of his weightage!  
....  Thus thinketh his continuous chetanavyas >>> the chiaroscuro of thought and action inherent in consciousness, proconsciousness, semiconsciousness & subconsciousness, which exerts its outway that reboots his senses only thru the subtle expression in his radiated index of face <<< which is somewhen uncommunicative.  somewhen revelatory. sometimes clear.  crystal.  sometimes foggy.  bitter.  ecstatic.  highlighted. His open eyes emotive.  tired.  boundaged.  endangered.  blinked.  widened.  saddened.  yet talkative.  submerged.  jumbled.  musicant.  devastated.  anxious.  zeroed.  frightened.  unhappy.  hesitative.  rejuvenated.  regeared.  ardent.  receded. lively.  sleepless.  unassured.  pressurized.  undelighted.  lightening.  hurt.  suppressed.  exhibited…… In the same face exude different emotive impressions and expressions in multiple joy and despair……
Born in a hospital as the youngest
1 day 1 enters his own home in which way
another day that home ain’t one’s own home
Folks atouched to him sham unknown & unown
Everything trifles to turn
hollow & furrow in the long run.
Thereafter enter hospital in other way as the oldest
Where the entry of sunlight pro bono is unbidden
Touch of southern wind hardly refreshes poignance
Only override inside the fading sound mantra smell 
of  joy and mirth  from free world outside
Today’s gone  someway
To calibrate tomorrow somehow with no certainty, 
only count down in uneager awe unto the last day
presuming always eachday the last ray

Run On Rumination
....  Different haps, mishaps, humors & rumors, essays, primaginations, dreams mix in secretions, creations and recreations fizz like a cola.  Then on reverse lookup in internal secreations it can not be determined >> which of these has actually happened in his life or could have been happened; and which has happened in other’s life, but assumed as if it has happened in his own life. written  pages turning to white pages—dark shadow discolouring to white shadow….. those faded and jaded remembrances and amnesias like chiaroscuro of light and dark in his mind as on forgotten travel  unlinked to seriality—later  haps coming to first and first going to later selflash …… the happenings might be unreal and nonhappenings become real…..because in his hindered present motionless stagnant life, only the spontaneous companion is his unbidden reflexion…….1 after another ……1 after another unatouched moving visions in different time zones……. change to rows of submerged wreckless incessant rumination abstracted from the vault of mind …

M o v i s o n  1
....  Village house. Mother seated in the balcony.  Orangey afternoon.  1 boy returning home from primary school with his slate pencil books bundled in a piece of cloth  and  folded umbrella viewed through the trees and bushes.  He unfolds umbrella //|\\  over his head smelling to be watched by mom……. On returning home mom's censure: you unfold the umbrella near home seeing me and baked by sun all the way?…
Cut to

M o v i s o n  2
….  Village house.  Mother presents him shirt & pajama cut by the tailor Sunil babu in his birthday…… After that he was given so many garments throughout the life……but still now that tiny garment seems to be the most valuable apparel to him……And oh if he could get back the tiny shirt & pajama just for once! …
Cut to

M o v i s o n  3
....  Severe storm with downpour 1 day.  Next day Tiffin time. Range of bel trees surrounding the pond at the backyard of the school.  Hundreds of green and ripe bels debranched and scattered all over the cracked dry bed of the spacious pond.  The boys & girls’d pick up how many?  They’d eat how many?  Their playing of balls down that hollow pond-bed with the wood apple bels…
Cut to

M o v i s o n  4
....  Once upon a day early in the morning a boy & a girl bound for school on foot. barefooted.  wet mist.  wet mud footway.  wet paddy field. water logged & clogged. Teeming fickle fishes team in the field. Beneath the small unsteady bamboo bridge shoals of reddish young soal fishes swarming, watched by them.
Boy: Let’s fish.
Girl: How’d we catch?  Where’s net or fishing rod?
Boy: Why we'll net with our wrapper?
Girl: If the Pandit teacher or in home know, they’ll beat us.
Boy: Dhurrr, how they’ll know?  Today we won’t go to school.  We catch fish and go home — as if we’re returning from school.
They go on fishing.  That day nobody knows.  But later on 1 day the duo have a quarrel to end their talking terms.  girl’s complaint to boy’s guardians. who in turn inform the pundit teacher of the school.  The boy’s fate fraught bombast  / that day the pundit’s lamblast…
Cut to

M o v i s o n  5
....  The exam for primary scholarship ends.  He is afraid.  If he fails!  In this woe his granddad appears 1 day with a bowl of sweets in hand to announce he has crossed the hurdle well enough...
Cut to

M o v i s o n  6
….  This is earlier…….. His granddad keeping everyday for him a brass glass full of milk added with sugar in the last receding fire within the ashes of firewood in mud hearth. That lukewarm milk is elixir to him each afternoon...
Cut to

M o v i s o n  7
....  Intense rain his grandpa trailing on very slippery sticky mud road beside the river opening his shoes to negotiate, shouldering him…
Cut to

M o v i s o n  8
….  1 day while crossing through the green cornfield with grandma he glimpses red capped police in front of him.  He gets scarred to hide his face under cover of nana’s clothes…
Cut to

M o v i s o n  9
.... Many years later.  Then a townie college student.  1 day in the late morning he is returning home after parade from ground in khaki uniform of national cadet.  A kid just like him many years ago, gets scarred to hide his face under cover of mom’s dress presuming him a police…
Cut to

M o v i s o n  10
....  That’s winter.  Till then fields are lying desolate strawy after cutting of corn.  1 day as he is proceeding to another village with granny, he encounters in the horizon beyond the field villages after villages are blazing in dragonic fire!  He reckons that fire of puerility still blazing within him!  That couldn’t be extinguished.
 [The serving nurse enters.  She does her duty with care.  She checks his temperature.  Pressure.  Chart.  Serves diet.  Administers med.]
  Nobody wishes still s/he is to go
  None  is  calling  him
  Who aren’t calling him
  1 day nobody will call them too
  None is remembering him
  Those who aren’t remembering him
  1 day everybody will forget them too
  As it’s forgotten how it were built
  Pyramid….Rhodes statue….Inca qipu
Yukatan maya city  first phase of Indraprashtha
  Chemystery of the Iron Pillar…
lost smell of wild ((0))  flowers in Garhwal woods
Tune & voice of Charjya songs by Dhendhopaay
  He must go though he isn’t inclined to
Cut to

M o v i s o n  11
....  Dhalida, a worker for their house makes a small thatched playhouse for their bro & sis.  Bamboo pillars.  Straw top.  Mud walls. Fest season appears in their village. Workers are working full time in their house.  They the kids’re also making dolls of clay to celebrate the wedding of dolls with heavy enthu.  Dogs, cats and kids are the honorable invitees. ……The joy of doing something imitating the elders is the raison d’etre behind their enthu and excitement in the fest……Green bananas are made to ripe in the heat and smoke of flaming straw aired by blow pipe in sealed mud hearth.  The kids are in tears in smoke.  Still at night during the fest feast it’s discovered that the bananas are yet hard green.  Half ripen.  Yet that’s ok…
[In the above part god has been kept dormant that is godormant. Because if the different religious gods / goddesses are kept, there might be brawl and dissension over who is the real who is unreal who is greater or who is lesser amongst their zealots.  In fact this portion of this piece might be reconstructed if so needed according to customs and practices of any religious or other fest for that particular region only.] 
....  His feeling acute pain due to the inevitable movement caused by nursing. Blood soaking out of bandaged wounds.  His silence.  Reading the imploring language of his painful eyes the nurse assures him and finishing her job more carefully she relents him and opts out.  He can reckoncile besides his ripe age, this stage of his immovable state has been inflicted on him, like the green hard bananas forced to ripe by outward pressure of fire and smoke — which deteriorates further / by gradual internal erosions  / fluffs to debarren marrowless hollow.
  Actually whatever stays
  That stays to stay
  to stay to stay well nigh from within
  If goes it goes to go too from within 
  From within it forms to form particles atoms
  sursphere full of matter feature & creature
  From within it forms to form
  nature figure & nurture want or wont
  If something lacks within erosion it deforms
  From within it forms to form & reform
  action faction or inaction.
  On outside everything hammers influence
  that is reaction.
  Action => reaction <= friction => <= fraction

Cut to

M o v i s o n  12
….  Dad’s come home after a long time.  He is limping.  Due to some badjustment of the problem of common lock and key of the room where he lives for employment, he had to cross over the boundary wall or roof and injured his one foot …
Cut to

M o v i s o n  13
....  In ample rain cages made of small bamboo sticks have been placed at the points through which the water flows to net fish.  In the frontward of the house huge water clogs.  Koi fish jumping…
Cut to

M o v i s o n  14
....  He is sitting on the bow curved trunk of a palm tree lying low just above the water of a pond for catching fish with a fishing rod..  After sitting there whole day before evening he can catch just a small Chela fish!  That maketh him fulfeel!  His labor is rewarded!...
Cut to

M o v i s o n  15
….  He is buying shoes with granddad in this town.  He has purchased him cherry colored Kabuli shoes…. What lovely is the bragging sound and scent of new shoes!  ……Except that pair no other shoe he can remember now…..And where vanished his that dream town?…..Afterwards it is difficult to reckoncile  the messy, dingy, littered, broken, illegally occupied town by hawkers, vendors, rowdy promoters, with that neat and clean town, his dreamdom of earlyhood……..  He couldn’t find later that shoe shop or the place where it was…
Cut to

M o v i s o n  16
….  Townish rented house.  He asking his granddad: where’re you going? I’ll go with you.
: To market.  I’d return shortly.
Later on he knows that his grandie’s gone to his country house kidding him. fearing his whining to flank with him.  His river of cries for his grandpa…
Cut to

M o v i s o n  17
....  After many years lastly his grandie been suffering from lots of ailments with respiratory nagging of asthma — in their little townhouse he’s  kept in a small room in the backyard — as no other room in the house is vacant then  except the drawing room frequented by visitors— which can’t be the depot of a seriously ill patient — that  he adjusts but sadjusts — He leaves them forever at the night of the fest of illumination perhaps ravaged by the outbursting mighty decibel sound of intense fireworks & crackers — Afterwards everybody’s rue — better kept the patient in the drawing room? — his weighing as his own guilt!…
Cut to

M o v i s o n  18
....  Just before the divorce with his wife the judge cross examining him: Still you’ve the chance to return.  I’m asking you finally tell me if you miss anything of your wife?
: Yes I do.
: Then why you wanna divorce?  Come on tell me what you miss of your wife?
: Her absence.
Hereforth the judge, startled, excepting the little time to realize his words, takes no more time to grant the divorce....
Cut to

M o v i s o n  19
....  Municipal primary school. Class II.  After admission his attendance in 1 or 2 classes, then his ply to village house for a few days and then back to class — the teacher asking for lessons tapping his cane over his head.
: I wasn’t here so I can’t answer.
: Stay here after the school hours to gimme yr lesson.
He jumps out of the school leaving his new shoes after the class is over and runs to home.  Mother grumbles: at least go for once to fetch back the new shoes.
But who goes?  If he is asked again and flogged for his lessons!  Better to drop out of that school.…
Cut to

M o v i s o n  20
.…  Just after his recovery from prolonged malaria, sweet fragrance from the rose garden of Ponchu doctor’s dispensary…
But that was the starting time of life. And now?
Runs  out  his  time  Runs  out  his  light
 ,,  out  his  wind  runs out  his  good & bad
 ,, out  his  come & go  runs  out  his  water
 ,,  ,,  his  fire  runs out  his  singsong
 ,,  ,,  ,,  word  runs  out  his  pain
 ,,  ,,  ,,  self  Time   to   stop  now
You go ahead friends let him say bye

Suicidal Ownshell
....  Thereafter hit by the whispering bits of the brazen gang of 3, Sir’s inchurnation shatters — his 2daughters and a son in law’s hushing voice prompts him to close down the shutters of his scarred eyelids but sharpen ears to hear 
== Really why the old haggards live so long being skeletal in prolonged illness!  The oldie’s been suffering to trouble us constantly.
==  Well said.  Has no commonsense!  I will die popping up slipping pills well ahead of this age!  How many days more to be absent from my work?
==  Oh, if he conks out now this moment, won’t we be in jeopardy without having his signature in the papers?
==  Absolutely.  But where’re we getting the propertunity to get him sign?  Hindered in each step.  Either somebody’s enter or exit this room, or his eyes shut senseless.  Sniffing us he naps in quicktime like a numero uno Napster.  And by this time if this Count’s youngest daughter, her excellency jumpeth suddenly from Hong Kong then all will spoil…
Dark descends
Where is fear shadows darken there

....  Open window showpieces the stardom all over welkin.  Till now the little boy has been watching everything ongoing mutely clutching his mum’s clothes.  Now abruptly he ejects out to be vocal.  Sir deeply desires to fondle and talk to his grandson.  but fear phobia shadows him. fearing manhandling he doesn’t roll up his eye shutters and squeezes himself in his selfortress like the abandonware.  Though he can ear his crisp shrill childish voice: Ma you’re asking my grandie to die, ain’t it?
Everybody is startled and uneasy in his words: Na na — why  so — why we’d  say so? We’re telling you to speak in a low voice,  your grandpa’s sleeping.
Yet the kid cares a straw in these words: But if grandie dies with whom should I play?  No play ground in school.  No body gets to play.  No play ground in apartment either, and nobody to play.  Only when grandie is in apartment he tells me stories, play so many games – police thief, hide & seek and others with me.
== After death surely he’ll look at you from sky as a star  * 
to play hide n seek with you.  Mom solaces sonie.
==  Everybody becomes star after death?  Ok mom & dad, better you die now to become star after death?  Whatta great fun ! I'll be able to see you in the sky and play hide n seek with you?

Ownshell

In awe
(wo)man
has anticed the
StatutorY  WarninG
TOXIC INTAKE IS HARMFUL TO HEALTH
Who knows not death in digesting venom
Still s/he banks on daring or endearing toxin
reckonciled in sinic environ air water habitat
Even in (wo)man is more insidious assassin
Well aware s/he hasn’t uninhibited these
Addictive love too deflowers in fine
Yet (wo)man loves (wo)man
Self-choking fatal ownshell
manufractures effacing its originator


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.10
Chapter 10: Nectar of Extimes


Time Preckoner
times gone.  times bygone.  times regone.
Geoscientists have devided and named the prehistoric bygone eras and epochs from Archeozoic ….. to the present Meghalaya age on the basis of some distinctive features of each age in earthen life lore.
But what is the special characteristic of to day’s regular daily life, that after long long years it can be demarcated:

When Was Such Earthen Time?
....  As currently 1 day Protit is found standing at the gate of a compartment in a train waiting with tremendous anxiety.  Keeping their seats, Somidh’s peep thru the window of the train.  Hardly 3 minutes left to whistle off.  Appears Sarol shouldering a kit bag running and jostling through the crowd.  He wears a new fashionable ruddy vshirt that is functional as 2 in 1 > vest come shirt 
== You’ve no reliability.  If the train left?  Always latecomer.  Protit’s censure.
== What else’d happen?  I wouldn’t have gone.  You’ve been gone.  And the price of my ticket would have lost.  But you aren’t to come from Barasat.  So how’d you experience what terrific jam on the road?  Show cause by Sarol.
....  Insignificant train.  Weekly.  Night.  Less crowded.  Mostly vacant.  Flags off at 21:10 ventre a terre. 2 window seats occupied by 2 of them  +  1 beside them.  If they’re sleepy, there are 3 bunks to be bedded by them.  At first tea bought from the station stall  +  later food piled from home of 3, beautifully utilized or beautilized by them to complete of their dinner.  After dinner random chat session.  Somidh and Protit are immersed on discourse of the details of a film.  Dreaming plans and dreama of drama bubble out of their heads…1 after another.  Sarol slams those discussions & discourses as boring …What’s the use of understanding Brecht, Stanislavsky, Sartre, Kafka, Joyce, Camus, Ghatak, Bergman, Breton, Proust, Goddard, Kurosawa, Becket, Ray, Fuko, Sen, Truffaut, Derrida ….?  Much of his time has lost in the past in appreciating them.  No more.  It’s more attractive to watch lassies rather.  Sarol is impatient hearing the giggling and shrill intonations voiced from the back of their compartment.  At last when the train stops at a not to stop place, beautilizing the opportunity he detrains on the ground, to have a fast look and backs to them being acutely excited after on the spot survey > A bevy of chicks at the back of the compartment.  Amongst them a few are real lulu.  An oldish chieftain to supervise + 2 sissy accompany them merely.  Should I wangle an introsession with them?
Protit / Somidh's jokes to pump him up: Ok, go hang on have a try to fish yr madonna.
== In this vshirt u look so heroic  erotic & herotic that we fear they’d crush on u.
== Me to go alone?  That’s dispossible.  U’ve gotta go with me.  Otherwise I’d be a minority among so many gals' chat rooms.
== Why now in this country to be a minority yields well.  All will woo & coo to appease you. tickle u.
By this time they ear splinters of different intonations of high-pitched portions of dialogues, words, singsongs and unatouched chat & practices:
== Water! Why so much water?……
== Gosh, the proprietor of this troupe is even better.  In my previous troupe the proprietor was so Shylock that 1 night I had to act in the role of Vidyasagar in the play Vidyasagar the Generous Ocean.  Vidyasagar was clean-shaven, but I was unshaven then for past few days.  So I asked him just to spare 5 bucks to shave.  U know what the Prop told me — good heavens, 5 b-u-c-k-s!  Oh, then no use of playing Vidyasagar tonight.  Better play Poet laureate Tagore tonight.  Then u needn’t shave as he was bearded…[Laughs.]
....  Protit ears duologue of 2 guys on 2 bunks above their heads:  taking so much time to powder the mix?  Gimme, it’s done now —
== You’re just a lubber tiro.  What u know about Khaini?  Eh — 80 pressing tips + 90 pats on palm / then get khaini’s charm.  The guy empties his vast storage of  knowledge: That means the raw pinch of dried  tobacco leaf + lime is to be powdered with the thumb tip for 80 times over the palm of hand, and then to pat over the dust for 90 times, for a good prep of khaini, u understand novice?…
Protit begins to cough and abruptly, interjects into their conversation to object: Ah that way u tip and pat up the tobacco & lime dust to fly into the nose and eyes of others. And the powders of khaini you’re spraying over our heads from above, in spite of the ban on khaini, what about that?
== Sorry.  The guy rubs off
....  Now the chieftain, as described by Sarol, comes to supervise this side and seeing their 2 folks lay on the bunk says: You’re laid already?  Good.  Then returning to his place back he urges everybody: It’s already midnight.  Everybody sleep in your own place.
[^!^] 1(male): To lie, but upon whom?
[*j*] 1(female): (in an audible voice to her co actresses) Hei someone of you go to the tabla drum master.  He isn't habituated to sleep alone—[Laughs.]
(*j*) Another (female— dialoguing  in funatic tone): Aha, when u are so genial why don’t you go yourself to comfort him — he’d play drum on you —
Recurrent laughter

....  Protit’s eyes and nose burn in the dusty air of tobacco + lime mixed khaini. Proceeding to bathroom to sprinkle water in the face, he watches a man in dhoti kurta gibbering dialogues with poses and postures in front of the mirror stationing at the door of the bathroom for a considerable period of time.
== What’re u muttering for a long time blocking the passé du?  Come out.
 (In Protit’s raps the guy turning his back to bow with modesty in sissy voice): No more stay here when you’re objecting.
Returning to his seat after washing his visage: They are a troupe of theater I guess. Going to perform on a call show.  Protit propines.
== Not a theater party but an opera troupe.  Scheduled to perform in rural areas. Somidh’s corrigendum: Just look whenever the train stops their guys’re detraining at the platform and posing to be drunk.  But none of they’re drunk.  Becuz as the train starts they jump easily to entrain.
== They’re drunk by category yet conscious by propertunity. Protit observes.
About at 4 in the morning their arrival at the destination Bankura.  Till then in the sky is painted the somber of the last week of October.  Their chattering is on / in a tea stall outside the station / eying for the first morning bus to go on.  Now that gray haired chieftain appears to enquire: Here paan is available?
== Here you won’t get paan to chew.  Here you’d get to drink.  That too not cold but hot tea.
== Oh, it’s you who were in our compartment, ain’t it?  Mention no more Sir.  Escorting this opera troupe on call show. Joy Varat Opera.  They’re the trifle extra players, danseuses, accompanists, actors and actresses, artiste / in spite of that no respite / gimme this & that tit bit / bring this or that to eat / Main hero heroine, director, music director, writer / they sped by car / on roadways with the proprietor / the tail enders always tend to grizzle / being sizzled by the fizz of guzzle —
== Then how much the hero heroine’s whining might be.  Protit primazines.
== Oh, rightly said si(r). (Then suddenly gauging Protit from  top to bottom) —  Cigarette?
== I’m just smoking.  No more.  Thanks.
== So, does Si(r) act tact in theater teater?
== Why’re u asking?
== Such a handsome figure you have, tall and stout fair complexioned — very much suitable for a theatrical hero.  So I’m guessing of drama trauma — ?
Protit smirks without giving any reply.  Sniffing fun the funnatic Sarol jumps into action : If he acts?  Regularly he acts in club, locality, college.  Just of late he acted as Debdas before boarding the train.
== (Being enthusiastic) That’s it.  It must be.  It must be.  This is the eye of a jeweler si(r).  Is it a fluke that I’ve been surviving as the manager in this deceiving line for 36 years at a stretch, si(r)?
Protit grins and Sarol goes on with his dialogue: Why? have u any offer?  You please consider we’re just unemployed youth.  We stay in father’s hotel.  Cutting father’s  pocket, somehow just pulling on —.
== Will not have to cut further.
== What not to cut?
== Pocket of your father .
== No more?  really?
== 100%.  He knows to sing?
== Sure. learned from Ostad Nalayek Khan for 3 years.
The Manager shivers: No no si(r),  I’m telling from my prexperience of surviving as manager in this cadaverous line for 36 years at a stretch, those classical music usic is disused in opera line.  Know bollywoody singsong tongs?
== Bollywoody filmic singsong tong in opera?
== No, it means not the language— but the tune should be of known hits of Bollywood films. The words are to be fitted by our lyricist.
== What’s the advantage in it?
== Advantage is that youths’d dance with the tune.  They’d blow whistles.  Then our ticket sales would shoot up.
== Oh yes.  Those bollywoody pops he sings at functions.
== And dance?  He knows dancing stancing?
== That you may be rest assured of about 6 months of Keora dancing in a year — from the immersion of Biswakarma to Swaraswati on road track or on truck — besides at nightclubs, dance is everywhere.
== Knowing I’m assured.  Of course today dancing has become easier.  No need to know the rules and methods.  Just a little waistland movement,  a bit of restlessness,  a bit of shake is enough.  But si(r)— (poking a tip of snuff into his nostrils)  I’m telling from my prexperience of surviving as manager in this cadaverous line for 36 years at a stretch — another thing is very very essential to master, for the actors in this opera industry nowadays
== What other thing to master?
== Dhisum Dhisum.  Means fightin’.  Of course we have fight master.  He trains actors to fight.  But a bit of earlier knowledge would be helpful.
== What u sayin’!  He doesn’t know that?  Then who did rough up and kick out the extortionist Shamsher Jaanowaar from our area?  Our this guru only.  Haven’t read in newspapers?  Besides our guru is black belt Karate master.
== So?  How I primagined you see.  You’re to find out whose eyes are these? I’m telling from my prexperience of surviving as manager in this cadaverous line for 36 years—
== — at a stretch.  But first tell us what’s the work?  Tho sir  I’m telling you strictly 1 thing beforehand that I’ll not act as a dead soldier or a starving peasant.  I will not act in any role other than the hero.  Protit conditions.
== That’s ok.  Excepting hero you won’t fit in any other role.  You only in ever-spring time, grabbing the waistland of heroine ramble on & on to and fro, and sing & dance & fight out the villain.  Now, yes come to the point of work.  [Lowering the voice} The work is about our current Mr. Hero — let his name remain understood — his demands and whines have become skyrocketed.  Because our current 2 plays: ‘Paramour of Chaste Mantrap’ and ‘Hired Son in Law Never Absents’ are super duper hits, so we had to badjust dates somehow. As the songs in the play has gone very popular as this one:
The son in law on rent
gets never absent
Simply eat and drink
graze the father-in-law’s dog
has nothing to think

But we’ve been tipped of late that he has surreptitiously taken badvance money from our main contending opera party to drown us now, flouting the agreement with us.  But now we have so many call shows one after another.  Just today at Bankura next Bishnupur then at Adra then Chakradharpur ……  So if you agree we’d see a bit of your acting first then enter into a contract with you.  But at first as a nameless debutant you’ll not get much.  Becuz the market for opera is dull nowadays.  People aren’t very eager to see opera.  That golden era is over.  Now so many species & spices of funtertainment to switch on at home—. But yes if you can show yr good acto de facto we’d raise your pay gradually.
== But at present I can’t join yr troupe if my manager doesn’t allow me.
== Yr manager means?  Just said you’re unemployed?
== Right.  Still unemployed.  But goin’ to be employed.  Ok if you don’t trust me, the Manager is here with me, ask him.  Serving the ball to Somidh’s court Protit smirks to extract sneaky fun.
....  Reluctantly Somidh has to return the ball when it has turned into his court.  So borrowing self imposed gravity he declares: Yes, work is in progress to float an opera party, I’ve seen a place for office at Chitpur.  But the amount the landlord demanding as advance is exorbitant — there it clots a bit.  And the hero heroines of Bangla cinema now act regularly at opera.  Had preli talks with a cine heroine I know.  Hiring this chap as hero against her, wanna see for once if the play runs commercially viable. If it doesn’t click, we’d fire him then you can hire him if you require.  Well. Bye for now.  Let’s go.  We’d miss the bus.
....  The dazed manager in this cadaverous line experienced for 36 years at a stretch, only mutters: Bye!

Waves Run Cloud Nine Fun
....  The Trio outbreaks at the guffaw restrained so long, coming to bus stand.  Bus named Sarbasree.  Extra ladies’ seat.  Contaminated patients are forbidden to board on the bus.  Morn-marooned they get seat.  Bus starts at 5. it is colder then.  They haven’t brought any winter garments with them.  in the rear seat.  their wrapping themselves in 1 bedspread.  like in train here too their singsong.  A little later the sun changed from egg yolkish to flair & glower.  Bus stops at Vaban, the rest house of the barrage projects.  But Vaban is for VIPs. not for nondescript people like them.  There they debus at about 7:15.  A few insignificant shops on opposite side.  In one of these they enter for tea & breakfast.  A nagging stray dog sniffs Sarol for his whiskered face  +  ruddy vshirt  +  black sack  +  black plump figure.  Yapping and yelping dog rounds him wafting his tail.  The more Uncozy Sarol dismays to drive him away from him, the more he sticks to surround him with dogged tenacity and barks & wafts tail.  At last Somidh pats and gives the dog breaking bits of biscuit, then he is pacified.  But to appease the tomfoolery of Sarol the shopkeeper rubs vocal balm that adds salt at his wounds: O this dog barks a little but seldom bites.
Sarol: But when he’d bite somebody, his mouth is already engaged, then how he’d bark?  His grumble amuses everybody.
....  Taking the cue from the shop they appear at the Youth hostel Abas. The caretaker Mir Mohammad is detraced. His stubborn subordinate = stubordinate cook + caremaker + gardener + servant + menial all in one Provu Murmu advances: Mir sahib is out.  Show me the permission.  Checking it he shows the room.  big room.  a 33 bed dormitory.  beds on bunks fixed to the wall also.  to be upped by the iron ladders.  fancy showered bathroom.  arrangement not bad.  The gorgeous river basin flanked by stone pebble and sand beyond the windows robs their attention from far.  Presuming the sceneries might be better from the other room, Protit applies.
== That room filled by the engineer sahib and his women relations.  In Vaban is now the judge sahib.  When the judge vacates, the engineer will be replaced there and you can be replaced then. Provu replies.
....  But this room ain’t bad, they reckon.  virtually empty.  their other inmates are office workers.  Sunday today.  Tomorrow Monday morning they’re to join office at Kharagpur.  After introduction one of them quires Somidh: What name did you say? In that name there’s a theater-director. Are you that guy?
== Gone crazzzzzzzzzzy?  Drama trauma stage fazes me out.  The very appearance of it makes me shy / my legs tremble / throat - dry.
== However you say you’ll stay here for a few days.  We also had decided like you before.  But it’s so deserted here that we’re fade up.  So we’re packing up now.
== Why?
== Nothing’s here. No relics no amusement. In evening it’s desolate.  Except us only chirping cricket. firefly. lakewater.
....  So after the officiants’ jeep zips away towards Kharagpur, all this 33bed dorm is for the time being becomes the reigndom of the trio.  Bricked upon a mound, the situation of this hostel Abas isn’t bad.  They climb the roof by a broken ladder.  A little afforested hillock behind, and the panoramic wide expanse of water in front.
The river
originally a river 
though the river may be river
may be river may be river may be river may be river
but no more a river as it’s become a boundaged lake
its figure is arrested / its mind is restrained.
....  From the unfenced roof so long the eyes spread, the river hill forest cornfield village is proviewed.  They break twigs of neem tree to brush tooth.  Coming down they wash mouth and refresh.  Eat muri, singara, jilipi bought from the shop with tea supplied by Provu.
....  Then heading toward the town.  How far is the town?  Near.  Laid idly on the roadside the heavy studded machineries for works of dam.  Seeing their unknown visages, the volley of arrows of comments of the local rustic youths pierce  ==> townish tramp babus throng here to make merry... that’s the raison de etre for the high price of consumer goods… Where the price of a pair of eggs has upped?… Sarol’s hankering for the sweets in the hot big black frying bowl, so the flawless sweet Nikhuti is tasted.  They climb atop the Shal afforested hillock at the back of Abas. As if they win Everest! Above the  ^^^^  hill they flutter the flag of Shal leaf!
Turning to the river a boat of fisheries is stationed.  When they want to get on the boat the boatman says, not now but tomorrow at 9 after the fishing is over.
....  Temperature scorches up a bit.  Airy riverside / their apparels / kept pressed under the pebbles.  Somidh and Protit swim ashore a shoal nearby.  Then Somidh returns to the starting point and resting shaded behind large stone blocks.  Protit swims alone now to the midstream then back to the shoulder-depth.  Sarol being unlettered in swimming, delights in seeing the swimming only like a third cub of a she-goat, who cannot get the udder of the mother competing with the two other cubs who suck the 2 udders, but solaces itself in seeing only.  He is bathing like a crow in knee-deep water.  Hot in sundom yet feeling a bit chill.  Nobody else is there on the solitary shore of river… 
....  But from not very far the giggling and gabbling of 2 fanatic juene filles  approaching  to that site becomes gradually explicit to Somidh.  He can peep through the slight gap of 2 large stones from his hide out their visagic visuals and funatic jeu de mots of punatic dialogues.  Their complexion brown.  Height average.  The wobbling bosoms not yet blossomed heavyweight.  The natural feminiq grace / perfumes their face.  Of course some may feature them as le femme classic.  But the proverb uttered by his grandma is reincarnated to him: In the youth each bitch is beautiful.  And when these girls get old?  To damn with it.  He doesn’t wanna disturb his peace cerebrating about them…. But his eyes scan them.  Ears hear their sound effects.  Then their visages bloom obviously.
....  The elder > salwar. sleeveless kameez.  without orna.  lock of unbound hair ends abruptly on her midback.  rubber slipper.  a bangle in 1 hand.  wristwatch in the other: eh, forgotten to keep the watch back.  Disbanding, her keeping the watch into bag.
The younger > boy cut hair.  skirt frock.  high hill : we’re coming to bath seeing these 2 boyz without knowing how much depth in water here.  Boudi warned. it’d be better to shower at home like Shrotadi.
The older: what’s the fear / in water? The 2 guyz’re there. u take 1, I’d take the other. She hums:
You’ll wipe me out to what more unanimation?
My heartmosphere already faces extinction

The younger: The guyz are deeper water.  And if we drown they’d save us?  Rather they can drown us deeper.
The elder: They can drown us only becuz they’re guyz?  Eh, can anything fly simply because it has wings?  Then all chickens could fly away before they’re shredded.
[Hee hee by the duo]
The younger: How they’d drown us?  Rather we can drown them + ain’t u see the younger one is an egg of craven. Mustn’t have known to swim.  bathing in knee-deep water so / somehow like a crow.  P-i-t-i-a-b-l-e-!
The older: (smirking) So what? You’re an expert swimmer.  Resting him on yr back you’d swim!  So that u can accomplish 2 works simultaneously to see a fest + buy a banana. (simpering)
The younger: Sure, and u enjoy with the older taking him to the shoal, bah —
The older continues humming:
In which water would you immerse me further?
I am already embedded into deep water

....  She breaks the hum suddenly being elbowed by the younger to spot a 3rd sunbather sheltered behind a stone bloc couldn’t be seen from far: (hushing) Here’s another guy, might’ve heard our words.
Somidh brushing sand stands: Oh no no.  I’m blind in my ears.  Deaf in my eyes.  I haven’t seen if heard.  haven’t heard if seen.  Actually nowadays the less u hear / & see is the better.  Somidh shrugging off sand from his body, here you bath.  excellent water.  but be ware.  don’t hit on a submerged stone.  my friends are here. you won’t face any difficulty.  I’d depart now.
The 2 girls gauging his bare chest and histat at a coup d'oeil ask: You won’t bath?: (the older).
== I’ve finished already, see my wet wear.
== Where you stayin’?: (the younger).
== At Abas.  Replying this he heads towards Abas.
Now Sarol appears in front of them with enthu leaving water to protocol: You’d bath. water deeper that side.  Not too deep this side. step down here.  Where have you put up, which hotel?
== At Abas.
== Only we’re there at Abas dorm.
== In the next smaller room.
== Then you’re those relatives of the engineer Provu told.
== Yes your honor.  Leaving the bag of dress and the rovile gadget on the shore, 3 get into water now cautiously.
Then usually what happens.  Exchange of names.  homes.  descriptions.  prescriptions. To reckoncile the weightage of both the parties.  Abruptly the rovile buzzes on the shore. 
Not any other time
whenever bathing
it’s singing all songs
ringing call phones

....  Thence Sarol calls Protit at far raising hand.  Protit swimming invisible into the deep water and suddenly appearing before them piercing out of water and dramatically saluting the girls: Good day, this is your humble attendant Proit.
Oh ffather, there’s a piercer I see, a water- piercer, the selectrified older girl’s puntasy.
== She is Swaha and she is Lipi, Sarol introduces.
== Whether swimming is known, Protit Questions.
== No, only it is known to who is speaking, Swaha’s  puntastic reply.
== Then swimmeth  over to that shoal, om Swaha: Protit’s proposal.
== Oh ffather, I’ve no such long breath to go, Lipi denies.
== Then you stay here. (winking significantly)  We’re coming back, saying this Swaha competes to swim ahead of Protit.
== Come back quickly. Don’t hook up there to nest together.  Lipi’s joke.
== Might as well nest up there ashore.  You 2 nestle here.  Swaha’s straight set.
== Why didn’t u go.  U said u know swimming’!  That means u bluffed?
== Such a tomfool u are!  If I accompany them will they get propportunity to be alone together?
== Now I understand.  Then they also have given us the same propportunity.
== Now u fathom at last.  Then after so long the brain of Mr. Tomfool is able to puzzle out the chemystry!
== What, me a tomfool?  Sarol's vanity is at jeopardy.
== Certainly a tomfool.  100 times tomfool.  Booking Sarol Lipi giggles, her 2 hands splashing water on Sarol in funtasy.  Sarol too with plaisir counters to rain her down.
Jump Cut

Wanderer’s Wordrobes
times faded / times jaded / times fagged.
....  Sometime elapses.  Returning at room Somidh changes his wet clothes and being a beau turns up at the embankment to sit over there.  Evaporative frank sun.  Yet due to riverain wind it is not sweltering temperature.  Rather enjoyable sundom.  Other than him sitting on the warm hard cemented seat is an octogenarian.  bare upper part of body.  with a stick in hand.  Besides these 2, none is there near and far. Noting innumerable mark of signatures and crosswords of wrinkled times in his face, Somidh recalls the balm for preventing wrinkles:
[Patch =>   How to get the beaut bod?  From the chronicles of many trotters and historians of the past like Herodotus, Pliny, Ptolemy, Megasthenes, Al Beruni, Marco Polo, Ibn Battuta, Fa Hien, Hiuen Tsang &c, many conditions of the then, now golden olden times, are unearthed.  So also from the chronical of the globe trotter Wanderer in modern times, called the Wanderer’s Wordrobes, the posterity would be acquainted with many subjects of this time. As this one =>
G l o b a l m 

Globalm is prepared in fully natural and herbal ultramod smooth skin techtrick, beautilizing the new age techknowledge of the Bayurbed. 
!  Skinical shine smoother, unoily in its coco chemistry.
!!  It guardeth the unsin skin from infection.
!!!  It removeth the lifeless follicles from skinvasion. 
!!!!  It repaireth the aged wrinkles in skin.
!!!!!  It revitalizeth the lively skintillating glow in skin.
It magically worketh to dazzle with a glow at one go to be like a teeny weenie face / so much so that / you can wink and raise your eyebrow / as much as you liketh / but there will be no more wrinkles or crease / that will definitely decrease. Glow is free if you buy globalm used globally! Get back skintillating tan / of youth to return. / Ahead you go for the glow.]

Waterhills Release Water
....  Somidh goes to the side of the oldie to have a chat to study him, which he takes note cerebrating that it might be used in his filmscript if found suitable.  The old man has nothing to note.  He talks to himself obliviously:
== Now I’m old enough for any work…hath cemented the place…the jungle scenic to whom it is scenic…and not scenic to the villagers it is not scenic…the workers will have to work to earn their living…siphoning of govt funds at the time of disbursement…gradually effacing… deforested the palm hills…stone hills…bamboo hills …wood apple hills…those who don’t knoweth how to eat the fruit Voodru…its skin is acrid…then after peeling 4 slices under the skin…it’s honey if thou eateth, overdose it can’t be digested if thou taketh overdose…cowboys grazeth cows… voodru exhausted…Vanch fruit is honey…Pithaali is sour …Kend…mann wifmann & hunters who hath no means of bread…used to stay in jungles…used to eat those fruits…during the sunny days water will be released from dam…slowly the jungle is being deforested…water hills drieth up…
The king brought us. giveth us land… the tax was only one and a quarter rupee…Still we’d have to starve. Sayeth the king: only one and a quarter rupee thy revenue, still you’d starve!…Chalk hills…Barda block…Jambeda…At last the king seteth up a shop for my dad at Gorabari…{While hearing, not a sylvan but an incongruous menternal beast or probeast crops up for Somidh to sketch.}

....  Boatmen useth to anchor boats at ghats…importeth paddy …milked cow to drink milk…giveth away…receiveth deposits…the grand oldie hadst a sword and a lantern…evening that time…hadst a lathi, like this characterstick…the name of the pitched road…sputum of bear burneth  in body…blood flood…from where the road turneth…from the tune one canst cognize his playing of flute…the place called Valukchera…one had to buy 2 things kerosene & salt…dihi dihi…after the Kongsabati drowned by dam water, Pareshnath has been rehabilitated on hill…my name Robilochon Sahu…have to walk a long way…few signs and scars of the past might be noted…no law to guard your head with umbrella except the king…the kingdom of the dynasty of the sundom …seteth down…
We’ve  seen posts  >>  haven’t  seen light
have seen stones  <<  haven't seen  road
Question = Enumerate in brief the story inside the random rambling of the old man.
Answer = From the random rambling of the old man apart from the then socioeconomic aspects and conditions, the personal story that can be decoded is thus:
The old man’s name is Robilochan Sahu.  The King of Ambikanagar brought his grandfather perhaps from the district of Medinipur. and given him the land against a revenue of 1.4 rupees only.  That too was heavy for him.  He said to the king: we’ll have to starve then.
The king: Only 1.4 rupee revenue, still you’ve to starve?
....  At last the king set up shop to his son.  One evening the old man, his grandfather, was returning home after finishing his works through the jungle.  Sword tied to his waist, stick in 1 hand and lantern in the other hand.  That time there was dense forest in this area, named Valukchera.  After crossing some distance, a bear in the lurk of the dark grappled him.  There went on jostling.  The old man somehow managed to push the bear with his stick.  The bear fell down.  Beautilizing that chance the old man tried to climb upon a tree clinging a branch.  The bear got up to spit poison.  Scratched him. Dragged his feet.  The old man flushed his sword collecting all his might and entered it into the widened mouth of the roaring bear….fell unconscious ….. Later the villagers lifted his blood smeared wounded body….. saved his life after long days of nursing……Today’s Robilochan Sahu is the grandson of that grand old man.  This Sahu has 2 sons who own 2 little shops — (where they had their breakfast in the morning).
Then usually as happens.  The brothers are separated having no amity between them.  As a result this old man Robilochan doesn’t get proper food and care.

Q U I Z => Near to the old Valukchera region is now which town?

Faring Forward Leaves Backward
....  The sun swelters / Robilochan slowly deframes.
Fade out.  Sarol enters the frame
Sarol hurries to Somidh with excitement: you know there’s another gal with them — their pal — a resident of Biswapur — named Shrota — a little older than these 2 — a sexplosive dish — marvelous body geography — but a bit reserved type — will be a splendid match for you guru — cap to cap — without you nothing matches well!
Somidh sniggers at his genuine femmentum: 
How much the geography of a wo/man looks good
that such the history might turn off your mood

....  You’re not to catch a match for me, you just let yr catch play and fish her — but she’s merely a child  — might be sweet 17, what you say?
== Yes, might be like that, but posing as if she is 71.  They talk while they’re walking down the embankment.
== What’s her name?
== Lipi.
== Just see what’s written in your notation.  But how many girlfriends you have now with this?
....  In reply he shows the disinclination of a philosopher: None should count these chickens.  Because girls are energy.  Then he exhausts his own theory / from his memory > We know there are several kinds of expressions of energy >  1. energy of heat  2. energy of sound  3. mechanical energy  4. energy of light  5. electrical energy  6. atomic energy  7. chemical energy  8. magnetic energy + with these add  9. women energy >  the sexpression of which is sexplicit in her words of mouth, within her lingeries + in her broom.  So womantic  power is the 9th energy.  And this womenergy has no creation no destruction — it only transforms from one girlfriend to another girlfriend!
....  Somidh smirks and spanks him frankly: A numero uno  womaniac playboy I see.  Full to the brim with juice.  Melting juice falling dropping dropping.  Now leaving all these ramblings have you any intension to eat?
== Ah for that reason I came to call.  but the GFs have robbed my hunger and thirst.  tho even my entrails are also being digested in hunger.
== That must be.  If you swim so much you labor hard.
== What you talkin' about?  Do I know how to swim?  That’s they.
== Without knowing swimming you’re drinking water dipping dipping — a grandmaster  real player.
Sarol poses coy as if beshamed =>
 What you talkin' about guru!  Me compared to you? May be I’m just a trifle player but you’re a playwright!
....  Provu’s ricemeal.  The river’s fish’s curry with rice.  Provu the avatar is master handler of the ladle  juggles only but rarely release any substance, that too with great difficulty.  But Sarol with dogged aplomb to get the prep from his handicrafting ladle. At the time of hunger an ounce even by pounce isn’t trifle.
== Where’s gone yr energy GFs?  Won’t they eat?  Somidh.
== They’ve gone to attend some invitation.  They’re savoring great items there.  And here we’re destined to swallow Provu’s hodgepodge.  Sarol's rue.
....  After the lunch they have a nap like napster.  Dorm is empty.  Who were there already have left.  Now this large room is temporarily in their ownership & reigndom.  At afternoon they walk toward the confluence of the Kansai + Kumari rivers.  A few miles walk through the free backgrounds of dam.  On the way a few shots were taken in the probe for probable location.  Down the high way of the dam shows up the village like a picture.  click.  2 pondful of crystal water.  click  Green carpet of paddy fields spread apart.  click.  Familiar sound of pumping water jumps Samidh's heart beat in deep breath.  As this is the known sound allover his childhood. that too at such a village. on the bank of a river….. A thunder struck dried beheaded tree like a fine sculpture  '\|/"
Still it hangs on what expectation?  click.
....  On the other side of the barrage watery artmosphere.  click.  boundaged by boulders.  pitched solitary road.  After several kilos of walk a few thatched huts of fishermen.  Cemented benches beneath the bald hillock facing the vast panoramic storage of barrage water.  Slightly after that on the wayside hillock till is the temporary tin-shed temple of Pareshnath.  Outside the temple lies openly unguarded, some invaluable antique art piece of ancient stone images.  With the Sivalinga, the images of gods and goddesses which have been dug out from the bed of the river, and they who are to give shelter and hope to their worshippers, now themselves are homeless refugees with uncertain future. as who knows where they shall find their home at last?  or might be smuggled to some foreign shore.  6 truckful of such images have already been dispatched to Kolkata. But the Sivalinga is lucky to find a place in the temple.
....  The trio saw only a single loaded car to have crossed them on the road.  Now they notice that very car packed with wo/men recrossed in front of their nose to speed away.  Seeing the activities of Pareshnath / Parswanath of the Jainism, they again track back to their scheduled road.  Before and after the fishermen’s huts, fine intricate fisher's nets like slough are spread to dry on the solitary road.  None is there to trample  it.  Walking furthermore the confluence of Kansai + Kumari is reached.  But then the earthen moon has appeared with its full ardor.  So they do not descend to touch the riverside.  That bent of the road has some temporary cluster of bivouacs on site for the coolies of a present contractor of the dam Amir Alam. There camp the coolie boss Jaadu Mahato and a herd of the male + female coolies.  They are uniquely unreacted.  If asked they do not easily reply.  Sitting on the candle-lit gadi, Jaadu boss is more nonreactive.  After asking for drinking water a few times they get water.  Drinking water collected from spring.  In the crow cawing moonlit after ferrying the last trip appear Subal and Chatur singing.  They are related as maternal uncle and nephew.  About of same age, they are smart lively and open heartistic.
== Can we go on boating now?
== Sorry babu it can’t be done now.  After 5 pm ferrying is prohibited.  If we row boat now they’d take us as lifters of fishing nets spread into the river and get us arrested.
After taking their daily wage and refreshment  the coolies go for shopping in the market at Gorabari by truck.  Somidhs also prefer to accompany them.  With them Subal + Chatur.  The dancing truck navigates through the rural cobbled and stony uneven down side road branched from the dam.  On the truck in the unfettered moonlight Chatur and the coolies sing in chorus.  Somidhs also join attuned to the fine tune word to wording.  So long mute Sarol being moonstruck and spellbound in this open merry go ground abruptly becomes talkie, voices to Subal and Chatur: My father too is contractor.  So since childhood I too had the pre-experience of coming in contact with coolies in such places in the work of developing roads and construction.
Subol: Contractor of where? here?
Sarol: No at Coachbihar. But before that works were done in such places of Bankura-Purulia…such roads…such wilderness … heavenly moonlight… fragrance of paddy field … such transportation on open truck…
Protit and Somidh are puzzled to hear the abrupt monologue in refined language by Sarol!
....  They have their tea in a shop near to the place where in the morning they bought eggs &c.  then continue their adda to extract the news of this remote townlet,  standing beside the stationed truck.  Small towns dream of larger ones.  But donning ultramod dresses, garner the lively unappointed youths. confabbing.  Shopping the ultramoody wavering wives and daughters of clerks and officers who have been unwittingly posted to this end of the world.  The playground of a school nearby. place for puja.  roadside market.  The truck restarts after the marketing is over.
....  Deloading them in a somber solitary four point crossing toward Valukchera, Chatur directs: Go straight.  Not very far off from here.  See you tomorrow evening.
....  Decamped, they watch the nautch-dancing truck blinking its backside dim red light speeds away on the shaky road  toward Pareshnath and fizzles.
....  They keep walking. They have inked deal with Chatur & Subal to reach at Pareshnath before 5 in the evening next day.  To waft on the boat.  Along with mahua drinks. Today at the eatery Provu was kind enough to promise to supply the pure mahua drink tonight. at a price of 5 rupees.  Hearing this Chatur snorts: Babu, gonna mad?  They fake 12 rupees a bottle water diluted mahua as pure for 25 rupees.  Babus think they consume the original.  Tomorrow night you see we’d serve you with the original thing.  ?20 a bottle.  you can’t consume a bottle at one go.  chest burns.  so many people die.  Subal knowing the price of chicken per plate taken by Provu from them wonders: Howzaat!  You’d gotta whole chicken in its half price.  Tomorrow we’d feed you.  So hearing their promise they hope to have a feast with chicken curry rice and mahua drinks in the moonlit night staying at the coolie camp of lord Jaadu …..  But now they saunter toward their Abas.  leaving behind them their so long traversed places paths and lively characters……
Whatsoever we fare forward >
< some something remains behind
Some something  or  some otherthing

Whatsoever we fare forward >>
<< some somebody remains behind
Some somebody  or  some otherbody
,,  otherbody  or  some otherthing


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.11
Chapter 11: Deviation Times


There is no Fence
....  On the way Somidh sings: I was reflected like a simple pond……. The songs end one after another but the way doesn’t end.  Somidh’s road maps are that in this tour wherever they will visit, the script and scenario will be based on the spot, location, people and environs thereof.  As per that blueprint the script writing has started and the locations are being spotted.  Sarol doesn’t like  doesn’t understand  rather doesn’t want to understand their dreams and dreamatic script.  His  opinion or propinion is that: If you donna have funtertainment, action in your play or film, people won’t gonna eat that.  But does your play flaunt such action?
Reading the menternal graphicture of Sarol they 2 are bemused.  Somidh promptly rebounds: Now a days popular entertainment everywhere is rented.
As entertainment is rented antic
in the rentertainment mart
to be popular it demands to be
more or less melodramatic

But in our case if there’s any natural sequence of action, it’s ok — otherwise no false newtopian dhisum dhisum. Because In our wishdom —
In our wishdom
we prefer to do as we wish
that I differ and defer
as I refer it to wisdom

== Ok then suppose, this situation is present in our film > Dark rural road.  cars + carriages = almost 0.  walkers = 0. sound = continuous  chirring cricket cry /  In the sky = wholesale moonlight.  No other light tight = nil.  Players = 3 walkers.  Here how action might enter internaturally?  Sarol quires.
== You figure out your concept and say. It is natural that—
Where there’s no fence
is often subjected to offence
and objected by defence

== Thieves robber smugglers might come?
== Thieves won’t come here.  They like locality like cats.  But robber and smuggler gangs might come. Who we have to defend. Protit thinks.
== Well, how can be the situation now if robbers torch us?  Sarol interrogates.
== In the operation we may die.  Robbing everything from us >> 1) they may kill us  2) they may acquit us nonhurt  3) wounding they may acquit us  4) if good luck prevails we may escape unhurt. Applying intelligence. As one thing is sure / in this case here:
You know the bugs will feel terrible
but for that can you let them suck blood?

Protit propines. 
== Nnnno, you’re the hero of the film.  Oh sorry, you don’t have hero tiro.  Ok, u’re a main character.  If u die at the beginning, the film would definitely flop.  Rather everybody should be alive.  Sarol’s disillusionment.

Now Return To Plain
....  Silence resumes for sometime.  They preckoncile ……not so much time should have taken to home ….. looking at watch they cogitate they have covered more than 2 hours travel in place of 1 hour, still their travail is not yet ended.  Valukchera hasn’t yet come.  Then is it that they have walked on the opposite way from the four-point bight?  Haven’t they marked so long?  How could they? Outside the hamlets there are no street lamps.  So here is no light.  No landmark to note.  The road divides the bare fields.  The field that winks you to it but itself evades. toujours.  Now abruptly a light sourced from the headlights like a buzzing bee, approaching them in normal travelocity obsesses Protit is haunted by these lines:

Now return to plain

In the agone evening at far away
who goes? ==> who goes there?

As on ups & downs at blindense night
you growl in the dark holed by focal headlight
liaise on valley like an utmost loaded truck
Still why you trotten on uneven track
Now return to plain
let’s turn to be back
  
By your harsh honking
sleeping toddlers will be scared to cry
in fear of the befalling posterity
On leaves of banyan tree  like bob cut woman
dusts will ramble to settle

What I’ve gotten from you?
Only promise of distance
wrecking uncertainty of a mantle of de light
vulnerability of kerosene lamp in storm!
Roamingatgatetogateyoufadeupmychum!
Still why you tread on uneven track
Now return to plain
let’s turn to be back

....  The truck halts by their signal after bypassing them slowing its speed and cautions the driver: Don’t go ahead further babus, the herd of marauding elephants from the Dalma hills is closing in this way.
== Then how would we return to our hotel?
== I see you’re townie guyz.  Where you’re going at night?
Then hearing the name of the place, the driver adds:  oh, you’ve just come on the opposite directions.  By this road you’d reach Jhilimili at last.  Now the last bus left this way.
== Then what to do?  Where your lorry is going?
== It’s going to that place you aim to reach; you may come with me if you like — 
== Should we tell you that anymore? You take the fare.
== That to be decided later.  First get on.  (He opens the door of cabin for drivers).
The trio sits very closed and squeezed beside the driver for paucity of space.  Protit thanks the driver: You’ve saved us.  Else we could be stampeded by the elephant’s feet.
....  The driver turns off cabin light and starts truck.  In quicktime the rash truck rushes daredevil ventre a terre.  Sarol seated beside the driver who says him spanking : hey lad, come closer to me.  Sit easy cozy and comfortable.
....  Sarol mulls to object him to be called a lad, but the driver’s huge solid black body, his blinking drowsy red eyes starring at him in the dark and uneven white bucktooth like a sped, smirk and extract fun.  As if the demon has snared his catch.  Sarol is so much squeezed by the pressure of the driver that he introvises — who knows if he is a gay?  He can’t express his menternal uneasiness to his friends.  He is not fluent in any other language except Bangla, so that he can describe his flattened sandwiched condition even in front of the driver.  Being pressed and oppressed between the 2 sides one time he gives up his preffort to let it go to the denouement.  Is the man a ghost?  If a ghost, he is a laughing ghost.  He only laughs grins and smirks at intervals.  His spade like uneven teeth.  2 burning red dread drunken eyes.  If the ghost has any bad motive?  If he cheats loots boots and kills them nobody would come to save them.  Here his action heroes or any herotica will not actually come to act.  Frightened sandwiched Sarol somehow spends his time in obsession.  He will be saved if somehow he can reach Abas.
....  The rash truck rushes untamed to fly on the high way.  Lights flash from its widened eyes on the wide open fields ponds, on two sides of the road trees flowers bushes marshes & meadows hillocks fleeing wild animals, on the flying birds and fleeing beast’s body, on the eyes of owl in a remote province on a scattered unknown way in the sublime directory — the travel maps of which are not at all agnized to the humans and creatures of Nicaragua, Congo or Yakutsk. On the ancient edition of the map,  the great great grandfather of the grandfather of Robilochan Sahu once upon a time might have been treaded.  On this path abruptly a strong scent mesmerizes them for sometime.
A frantic aroma numbing the senses in rustic wind?
Terra incognita smell of river, lake, fish, soil
grosspective des fleurs tree or hill
or of any volcanic eruption in the Mrigasira star
or sensing of cuddling heroine at make up room?
.. Smell of burning bride in kerosene?
Or the primatic everquest of the Neanderthals’
huddle to confab feting sun  O  moon  (| stars  ***
gibber on techniche of stone weapons, hunting
forest fire, blizzard, deluge, thong of thunder strikes
or on the attack of gorilla tacktricks?
That voodoo tutelage can’t be learnt
Still extime is elixir 
(}  ==> ==> ==> ==> ==> ==>  O

Or is it scent of the olden mummies under Sahara?
Scent of spraying scent / or of flushing out scent
of cooling, pacifying or endearing fragrance?
Then like the abrupt distrace of the wooing leader
after the shower of promistic electioneering
at one time the smell defuses
Still the burnt time is not hoax. extime is nectar
A desperate aroma sedating senses in rustic wind?

21:00. Protit notes the clock of the truck.  They have started in the afternoon.  Now night has engrossed them because of wavering losing the way.  Here it seems it is dead of night.  But if in Kolkata he logs in the discotheque many nights after this time.  There it’s just the evening of skinful night sinery.  Again it’s not 9 pm, the standard earthen time everywhere now.  Hither the question is:

Q: = If it is 9 pm in India, what’s the time now in the Pluto? Though ==
Perpetual times never sever

Yet in the shorter version
times lapse / times clasp / times elapse


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.12
Chapter 12: Rhymes Of Times


Winging Heartmosphere

....  Tides recent time. Glides recent time. Slides recent time.
So many plausible tales to tell.  to tell in open heart.  long untrotten paths to trudge. creating ripples through the wind to find dreamdom.  to be grown as a huge tree from the seedling of love.  the dreamagination of a golden creeper to grow hugging a giant tree. abruptly rams the fierce tornado.  Uprooting everything into the black hole of infinite times....
== Engrossed into which thought, Shrotadi?  sauntering Lipi’s restless curiosity.
== Where, it’s nothing.  Shrota’s brainwaves get hindered, bypassing the question to be engulfed by musing again… A flight of birds glides away
Lucid lavish moony night as it is
Drift away rows of egrets  ~!~  ~!~  ~!~
Come from where? If come guests  ~!~  ~!~
of the far, why they go? and if go away  ~!~
why they come to nestle in the hearts  ~!~
and again opt glidance to the wilderness?
Mutely tracks the flawless fluent heartizen
mattering muttering fluttering queerly
It emits back the senses of a diluted night?
The touch of a previous riled hearterrain?
A bit of pensive pretaste of prebirth?

May be nothing is entity as of above
It can’t be told  to anybody
It can’t  be retold to anybody
It can’t be detailed to manybody
It can’t be revealed to manybody
Gliding the gloomy heartmosphere
in indefinite pangs who knows
it is enticed into which swirls & cycles?

Eh, Shrotadi, dreaming whom? Songket? <== Swaha.
No, no more attouched to Songket <== Shrota.
What for? <== Lipi pressing & oppressing her rovile gadget in play mode and mood.
== Because he’s thinking himself a big player like Platini or Maradona, getting the chance to play in a big Kolkata soccer club.  So he might have hooked to some other girl.  Due to that perhaps when I asked him to come here he said he has match to play.  But in the newspaper I found no match schedule of their red and yellow brigade now.  So u stay / with your play.  I don’t need you anymore, goodbye!
== Congrats to you for that.  U been so conjured by Songket that we thought u dropped anchor on His shore and gone stuck into the silt labelled as love.  Oh, does the same tad fad taste good day after day?  U’re to change it now and then!  Swaha’s sermon.
== Right.  If it’s not new day by day / what else is the funatic way?  Lipi elucidates—
The fun of love’s charm
like tea or coffee when warm

....  To skirt their attention Shrota shows the rows of flighting birds and ask in pretense == Say / which birds are they?
== Might be egrets.  Guessing Swaha pelts stones blindly.
== Showing egrets?  Ok can you tell which bird doesn’t fly? Lipi’s riddle.  When nobody can say she herself solves — early bird.
== Ok, tell me which wire doesn’t require current?
== Require.
== Correct.
.... While hanging around they were unaware that they have jazzed around a long distance beside the barrage and now the trio fears if forwarding more becomes a mistance for girls at this hour of night?
== At talking we’ve come far away from Abas hostel. Here if raped and killed and dumped into the water, nobody will know at this night.  Let’s turn back.  On Shrota’s cue everybody turns to return.
== But if now dacoits barge on us — either cough out all the money and trinkets you have or dole out your life — what’d you do?
== I’d rather tell the guyz, take my life if you wanna take, becuz if I’m to give out money / how will I get to eat in my old age, honey?  Her jocular telling raises laughter. 
== Nay, no jokes.  If really some goons attack us what a fierce gladventure shall it be! — Such a big fight shall it be! — Haven’t u seen in Dil ki Rani film how the heroine mowed over the whole band of ruffians alone?  And if our heroes know of the attack on us can they be far behind?  What do you say Swaha? Hero fan Lipi’s herotica.
Swaha ==: Really if they know they’ll definitely rush here to rescue.
== Oh mom, in this short time you’ve managed to hook party? Shrota’s fake amazement!
== Managing boyz iz what a hard job?  They’re always vulnerable to be hooked. Besides what to do?  Living is for a few days only. Remember what poet Omar said, make merry before you’re dissolved into the dust. Can we ignore the poet’s sad advice or sadvice? Where’s the so much time to wait & waste? Previously there waz time for prelude. Now instant auto start.  hold the wooden panel and just nail.
== But not only our heroz, presuming Songket's exit from you, we’ve gotta piece reserved for you too.  Cut piece.  He simply cuts to slip away.
== That’s so kind of you.  But whozzat?
== Why, we’ve told you about Somidhda. A perfect match for you.  a bit of serious stuff having the wackness.  But like a slithery Pankal fish.  always sleeks over.  U charm him casting your net, so that he can’t escape. As also apart for others — 
There must be
woods for the woodpeckers
fishes for the kingfishers
women for men
and men for women

== I don’t need the man.  the same dialogue. funtasy in mantasy.  If u need u hook up fishing him.  capture small or large fish as u like.  Shrota’s acerb repercussion.
== Aha, here cometh the yogi, sorry yogini! Don’t flaunt that typical jargon of repeating long breath—brio and melodramatic crying of novelic & filmic heroines of last century—who,  in case of sharing the same room with the hero at night, used to curtain up a cloth or a bedcover or sari—dividing  their 2 beds in the middle of their room for show—have hunger but beshamed to tell that.  My body flames up in rage to watch this snobby foggy fakery!  What do u think of yourself?  A goddess?  We’re girl, u too.  Have u any special apparatus in your body?  Swaha’s bitter litter.     
== Just consider the men are the root of all hassle for women.  As for example >>> maniac (here man);  menstruation (here are ‘men’); menopause (here are ‘men’); manicure (here are ‘men’); women (here are ‘men’); gynecology (here are guy = ‘men’); hysterectomy (here are his = ‘men’)…A-men! how’d you delete men?  Shrota smirks in Lipi’s humor, but Swaha can’t yet fully ingest the prick of Shrota: Ok you’re waiting for Mr. Right of your life — that do most girls.  But when that His majesty Man will be cometh or not, to enjoy in the meantime happy holidays with Mr. Wrongs funtastically—is the fad, the xtramistiq real charm.  Coming here for the few days if u can bag somebody extra then why should u starve like a fathead?
== Aha why’re u peeved?  Saying this Shrota wants to enrage her further.
== Peeved?  Why should I be that?  At this aromantic moontastic night?
Swallowing her hidden ire, Swaha begins singsong. Heartistic type of songs are sung while trudging back….. Everybody gears the lead voice. spreads voice. tops voice. opens voice. plays voice. lowers voice. raises voice. in tune. nontune. forgets the song lyrics. omits the song. configures another song. recalls the lyrics……thus after wavering for sometime these flow of rime & rhythm flaw.  
.... They could not presume at the time of sauntering what a long way they have covered.  But now on the way of return they fear should their returnal journey not turn rather eternal!  Though well paved road.  beside the barrage.  straight.  the road one and only.  lonely.  plainly.  no other way to lose, miss mess and sway.  Yet the road as if does not end.  The thought of this flashes the song => If the road never ends> in Swaha’s mind.   She proceeds humming but after the first line recedes, solilogues: Nay, where’s Uttam Kumar? 
[Patch => Uttam Kumar (1920-1980) — the people’s Mahanayak (= great hero), was a legendary actor, and also a director and music composer. He acted over 250 Bangla and Hindi films. His films opposite his onscreen heroine Suchitra Sen were particularly hugely popular. A few of his films: Agni Parikkha, Sagarika, Sapmochan, Saptapadi, Harano Sur and Nayak etc. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
Without a bike and the hero, doesn’t this song mismatch?  Lipi flops to sit on the bank of the road: I can walk no more. my legs straining. I drop anchor my body here.  sent message.  but Sarol’s rovile is switched off.
Cerebrating the break down in the midway might delay in homing, Shrota conjures: Keep up the songs, your heroes would pop up drawn by your songs.  sure.
== Promise?  Impregnated by her promistic inspiration they’re again retuned to their track

Current Fun Diffuse & Transturn

.... In the mystic lunarhyme is seen a few distant foggy figures inching towards them in slow travelocity from the opposite direction chatting in restraint.  Shrota & co  precautiously stops humming + moving.  What if they might be yobos!  Who just a little earlier have blustered herotica of fighting and thrilling movies, that very Lipi at first grips Shrota’s hand silently being scared.  Shrota ennerves her: Why ’re you scared even in advance?  At this dead of night here on this road has no walker.  no bank.  no locality.  for which rogues and monster in laws might come!  After the distance between the 2 parties shrinks,  the faint voices seem to be little familiar to Swaha and Lipi….. Gradually the attires beseem acquainted to them — specially  Lipi doesn’t make mistake to cognize the owner of the fashion wear ruddy vshirt.  She exclaims delightfully in a low tone=> Omg, they are Sarols!
== Your heroes?
== No mademoiselle, not only of ours.  There’s your hero too — that  Pankal fish.  She waits no more to run to the Protits.
== Why did you lay off your songs?  Scared?  Thought yobos coming?  Protit lobs the ball of conversation.
Lipi now tops her protest== Scared?  We got scared?? Hah ha, what u talkin’ about???  The gals from Biswapur don’t know fear, understand?  If we got scared how could we come so far at this hour of night? Did you think us cowards and softies?
Sarol pricks: No no why should you be a softy?  Nay girlie, you’re a toughie, a Foolan Debi.
Everybody bursts into laughter that infuriates her: It won’t be good Mr. Tomfool.  Then she countercharges coup de main => You promised to meet us just after the dinner?  The unique conscious timer!  Only 2 hours late.
== Sorry, sorry.
== Oh, just telling sorry shall excuse the 5 times death penalty into one time? Swaha joined Lipi.
== Losing way diverted us to wrong way, but could somehow return to Provu’s den.  Good luck that we haven’t trampled by drunken elephant.
== Drunk elephant! Omg,  what’s the bottle in your hand?  Elephants can smell their favourite booze. Did the drunken elephant guzzle it?  Is it country hooch Haria or Taria?
No Drakkharista.== Sarol.
Nay Mahuarista == Protit’s amendment.
.... {Behind the scene > After the dinner at the dining room Provu appeareth with his bottle of Mahua elixir as promised: it’s pure! — But where can we utilize it apeace?  Provu scares the hindrances everywhere.  Up the roof the fear of falling down.  at the garden  drinking prohibited.  at the embankment the guards might trace out. ….. That implies he also expects a shot of mahua.  Sniffing that Protit pours a shot in his glass => Now I hope no fear in drinking at anywhere?  Provu bows:  What u talking about sire! Go to the moony dam / there’s nobody to damn – you  at this hour of night.}....
Swaha== Pure?
Protit== Pure for sure.  Lifting warhorse Sarol upon the bear’s shoulder to pluck fresh mahua from tree, cooked and doctored at the kitchen of saint yogiraj srimat Provubar Murmu by himself, handicrafted and manufractured in Valukchera village.
  Funtasia ha ha hi hi of all

....  So herefore I proposeth and ardently prequest to all who might be concerned that without inflicting more grief to this wretched bottle of nectar to await longer, let it be beautifully utilized by us,  let us beautilize this guzzle immediately to perform its last rite.
  hear hear
Sarol: I supporteth this proposal wholeheartedly.
....  Everybody seated in the cemented fence beside the road and the bottle doing the round reaches Shrota who refuses mildly == I won’t, u carry on.
== Why? u’ll be a baddy?  Should there be different treatment amongst the treaders on the same way?  U tell me?  She looks at Somidh for support.  But then she preckons: Oh sorry you haven’t been introduced to Shrotadi.  Ok this is Shrotadi, appeared in the final exam from Michael College at Biswapur.  A brilliant student.  Not worst sort like us.  Probably u’ll find her name in the list of the first 20 candidates when the result outs.  And this is Somidhda; in Kolkata drama trama film tilm — Somidh doesn’t let Swaha to end her word — I just see drama fama films ilms.  As I’m jobless.  And the name Shrota is not unheard to me courtesy my friends. — So you ain’t unknown to me.
== That’s the same for both of us.  I also heard u from my friends.  So known to me. Shrota’s  response.
== Oh mom, this hedge won’t do here.  Everybuddy be frank open and above board easy cozy comfortable and candid in this splendid night, Swaha’s dictum.
== Well then friend’s friend = we’re friends.  So  any differential treatment amongst the goers on the same path way will be futile, unfruitful so to say unfruitile — of course if here the fruit = mahua  is not prohibited to anybody.  Somidh’s argument. And as you know well—
Sheer Cheer appear
when something appear dear
as well as disappear undear

-All other’s hear hear-
== No I’ve no such taboo.  But cold settled in my throat —
== This elixir will cure yr cold and cough u see.  Then the boozers now boozom friends pour mahua into her throat and yell => C  h  e  e  r  s —
== It seems it’s pure.  The throat is inflaming and burning, Shrota adds.
....  In the mean time inebriated Sarol has a slight rolling.  He suggests Shrota: Should I dilute it slightly with water.  It will burn you less.  River water?  Next moment abruptly he picks the bottle and climbs down toward the river. 
Shrota resists him=> Nno, I don’t need water.  You don’t have to go anymore.  U donno swimming.  Staggering drowsy if u flop into the river what’d happen?  All of us shall be handcuffed.
== What u say?  I’m drowsy.  drugged?  drunkard?  boozer?  flopper?  fooh!  not at all.  nope. just see.  Look, any flaw in my stepping?  Am I staggering?  Then swinging and rolling he singsongs in a rugged voice and begins toxic flimsy filmsy dancing.  Swaha Lipi Protit Sarol clap and hum and hip hop.  But forgetting the wordings they handover the baton of singing to Somidh.  Somidh sings.  The others repeat his song again and again while clapping & dancing in unison:
Somidh ========.> Eachbody in chorus

[^!^] =========.> (*!*) [*j*] (*t*) [*T*]

gone to reap corn ==.> gone to reap corn
gone to reap corn ==.> gone to reap corn
gone to reap corn ==.> gone to reap corn
1 man  2 man=====.> 3 man.... 4.....man
gone to reap corn ==.> gone to reap corn
gone to reap corn == > gone to reap corn
1 man 2- 3 – 4 man => 5---6---7---8 man
gone to reap corn ==.> gone to reap corn
gone to reap corn  ==> gone to reap corn
…………………............………………..

(*!*)
Dragged Shrota doesn’t join in the dancing spree lest she whoops in cough.  (Lipi + Sarol) and {Swaha + Protit} partner and clap in dancing with the song of Somidh,  easily and cozily like a flowing rhythm of verse.  Which while watching under the starry sky Shrota reckonciles—
The cosmosphere is temporal
ever-changing and consequential
So is the world

....  Likewise these waves of tunes of song with the rhythm of dancing transverse and transform ==> from real to unreal, from gist to mist, from concrete to discrete, from extract to abstract, from time to untime, from sign to resign, from person to imperson, from speakable to unspeakable, from emotion to demotion, from inception to conception, from work to cause, from present to past, from belief to unbelief, from definite to infinite, from bound to unbound, from compound to primal, from beauty to    unentity, from unisome to lonesome, from infallible to fallible, from addition to subtraction, from vocal to silent, from karmic to nonkarmic, from body to nobody, from uneasy to easy, from time to untime, from ashore to deshore, from done to undone, from distress to destressed, from orbit to morbid, from  erosion to corrosion, from part to depart, from amount to surmount, from visible to invisible, from accepted to unaccepted, from  occurrence to noccurrence, from house to houseless, from trance to distrance, from sense to desense, from exhibit to hint, from announce to renounce, from scent to descent, from figure to disfigure, from drawn to withdrawn, from handicap to uncap, from sprout to rout, from figure to disfigure, from visage to envisage, from compound to confound, from movile to immobile, from known to unknown, from thinkable to unthinkable, from regular to irregular, from immediate to infinite, from cover to uncover, from saturated to desaturated, from measurable to miserable, from familiar to unfamiliar, from winable to nonwinable, from organic to inorganic, from compliance to impliance, from  knowledge to ignorance, from region to legion, from mouth to source, from surface to base, from trace to detrace, from perceptible to imperceptible, from comparable to incomparable, from belief to unbelief, from domitable to indomitable, from near to afar, from scene to unscene, from seen to unseen , from unique to spook, from tangible to intangible, from chain to sovereign, from definite to indefinite, from dependent to independent, from fragile to imperishable, from offer to differ, from meaning to meaningless, from end to endless, from source to desource, from time to infinitime, from clear to obscure, from shelter to deshelter, from barred to unbarred, from cause to causeless, from fixed to infinitum, from said to unsaid, from answer to question, from purpose to purposeless, from bloom to bud, from germination to germ, from precedent to unprecedented, from real to unreal, from distinct to indistinct, from direct to indirect, from moment to constant, from sudden to lengthen, from earthy to unearthy, from awaiting to unawaiting, from published to unpublished, from visible to invisible, from like to unlike, from defined to undefined, from resistible to irresistible, from hindered to unhindered, from aware to unaware, from limited to unlimited, from boundage to freedom, from form to deform, from being to unbeing, from base to baseless, from  realize to paralyze, from situated to saturated, from told to untold, from spoken to unspoken, from well to unwell, from known to unknown, from part to whole, from divided to undivided, from divisible to indivisible, from mixed to unmixed, from internal to eternal, from spent to unspent, from ceasing to unceasing, from thinkable to unthinkable, from spoken to unspoken, from enjoy to unjoy, from divergent to convergent, from pale to spell, from clogged to unclogged, from prolight to unlight, from numbered to unnumbered, from restrained to unrestrained, from attached to detached, from afraid to unafraid, from concerned to unconcerned, from contact to intact, from similar to differ, from near to far, from diluted to undiluted, from bloom to gloom, from connect to disconnect, from live to dead, from ordinary to extraordinary, from rise to demise, from settled to unsettled, from atouched to detouched, from transparent to nontransparent, from blossom to doom ……  and evaporate wherever in the sublime atmosphere from her menternal radar over to the infinitime?!

With Partner  Moonhit Heartner

Night hides the earthen sphere
,,  prods over the cosmosphere

[^!^] 
== Eh, they kidded us and skidded away?  Backing to her sentience by this word of Somidh, Shrota is cued to look at the images of the 2 pairs of their friends cosying up with each other, keeping a suitable distance between the pairs on the road, heading toward Abas hostel, fading out gradually in the horizon…
Somidh’s soliloquiz == At this hour of night if they would fall in some danger with the girls.
(*!*)
== You don’t have to think.  Later if u ask them where have you slipped dodging us? You know what the 2 girls’ll reply?
== What?
== They’ll say we had to slip for giving you 2 the propertunity to be alone.  Very clever sort.  Saying this much she coughs.  Though she knows very well that the girls’ duo is timid.
....  Abstracted silence for some time.  Because both of them haunt for an appropriate subject to talk over, but fail to get.  Because they know—
Try to master the game
before the game overs
and gone all the players

Still have to say something, so Shrota breaks the jinx again => What a unique moonlight, isn’t it?
== Yeah, but the lunar stones sand dust and craters don’t know that the peoples on earth are mesmerized by the reflective lunar light.  Even after the establishment of human colony and factories, the eternal attraction of wo/man in moon will never wane.  Did you know on examining the stone of the moon it has been revealed that —
== For moon’s sake, what you know about that  you don’t have to belch out it to me.  Her menternal inchurnation — what a dry guy, in this romantis hypnotic heartmosphere when he should initiate aromantic talks of hearterrain with a girl, he is thinking about factory in moon!  Shrota coughs.  Silence suits here.
A brief pause

But since everyone has to say something, so Somidh rolls the ball now=> Well, after passing out the exam what you’ll do?
== Of course I won’t do the ungainly art film like you.  Becuz there’s no viewer for that type of film.  Shrota coughs up.
== Not art film — say independent film.  This can’t be desirable that everyone makes film.  Everything ain’t for everybody.  Leave it, what you wannabe?
== I wanna compete for administrative service exam.  Shrota coughs.
== Well, my advance best wishes for that.  I hope  the country will get a new efficient administrator.  Again the conversation crumbles for sometime.  Because both of them vaguely inquiz what to talk over.  Now Shrota plays forward prankish => Will you make me heroine in yr film?
== Good heavens!  Just you said art film.  Has no taker!
== Oh, you won’t take me, just tell me that.
== Really u wanna do?
== Otherwise why should I grease you?
== You greasing me?  You’re just rebuking me.
== The same thing.  Now say whether you’re ready to engage me as the heroine.
== But we’ve no such déjà vu role in our film as hero or heroine.  Everybody’s role is equally important.  Nobody is more important.  Nobody is unimportant.
== I’m not to be foxed by that.  I won’t appear in trifle roles of maidservants or peasant’s starving wife.  Amused Shrota pinches Somidh in funtasy.
== You say that you won’t act.  So why do you say that I won’t take you?
== Why should I not act if I get adequate remuneration?
== Remuneration!  We’ve no financier.  We aren’t stooge of anybody.  So we’ve no godfather to get any governmental assistance.  That’s why we don’t have the capacity to pay the actors excepting the technicians.  All  actors and actresses will voluntarily donate their labor here.  If you don’t believe you may ask my friends.
== (Shrota as if fallen from sky) Oh mother, giving nobody a pie you’d grab the whole profit into your pocket!  Shrota’s perkiness.
== Do you covet my profit?
== Not at all, Shrota  coughs …
== Of course you do — but don’t be afraid.  How can it be profitable?  You’ve said there’d be no spectator.  May be there’ll be no distributor to cater it in the market.  So will the people be able to see it?  Some channel might air it in the Farvision or have to think about some other alternative ways.
Shrota  coughs …..
== You’re coughing constantly I see.  How did u catch cold?
== Might be at the car at dawn.  Then you said guzzling your mahuarista elixir will reduce the inflammation in my throat, but contrarily it has shot up, Shrota’s grinning response.
== Oh, now it’s my elixir!  So why did u guzzle?
== As u prompted so I did.
== O  u will do whatever I say?
== Y-e-a- (innocently, hiding grin}.
== Well. If i ask u to dive now in the water, will u?
== Y-e-a ; of course you’d have to plunge too, else who’ll save me at this deep night?
== (Somidh, aggravated) You wag in everything.
Gagging  Shrota  coughs  more…...
== Do you have any medicine with you or in your room?  Now at this night we can’t find a doctor here. Somidh.
== No medicine with me or with my sis in law in our room.  Shrota coughs, do you have with you?
== I haven’t brought it here in my pocket.  But it’s in my bag in the room.  If u want, let’s go to our room.
== If it’s tablet or syrup?
== No tablet. it’s homœo globules.
== Homœo globules?  How the molecular grains can cure?  I won’t take that.
== Why not?  Don’t you believe in homeopathy?
== No.  Becuz that’s not science at all?
== Not science?  I understand.  But there must have been some kind of science behind the cures of the innumerable patients who are healed with this pathy.  What’s that?  In fact in homeopathy, they treat the patient not the disease.  Becuz —
== Eh Mr., again vitriolic lecturing?  Will you stop please?  Here I’m dying in whooping.  Her laughing tickles the coughing, in the wheezing fit of which her throat chest and body twists and bends.  She tries to resist the suddenton violent rage of cough by wrapping her mouth with her sari, but of no avail.  The particles of her cough spread in the air and atmosphere ……....  Shrota…..coughs…………………
....  Now Somidh becomes upset with Shrota: You won’t take medicine.  Then what should I do with you?  Let’s go back home, if you get comfort there.  Boudi must have been anxious for you.
Shrota menternally enjoys his anguish for her but she tells just the opposite: You need not have to be concerned with me.  Throwing me into the water you zip up to hotel.  I won’t return hostel now.  as my cough will spoil everybody’s sleep.  The kid will wake up.  So let the cough subside first.  Then return.  She hides her simper.
Now Somidh too chuckles: No, u’re unmanageable.  If you’re thrown into the water, then I too have to plunge into the water at this hour of night to lift you up from the water.  Sorry, I won’t be able to show u so much chivalry.
....  Shrota menternally gauges Somidh => Hitting  u can’t be made to wake up / u might sleep / annoying  u can’t be infused to anger / u might burst into laughter…
….Shrota…continuously..…coughs..…...
== Well let me puff up yr head, if the cough recedes?
The anxiety of Somidh for her touches her.  But in her throat’s tension / laughter is her mentension: No sire, I have no faith on yr quacky huff and puff.  She pours water on Somidh’s enthu.  Somidh becomes now an out of sync spectator merely!
….Shrota…constantly..…coughs..…...
………………………………………...
.... The tickling cough becomes irresistible.  Finding no other option she reluctantly concedes: Ok, let’s go home, your quacky medicine is written in my fate tonight I see.
== Oh, why should you take quack's medicine?
== Upping yr price?  Ok you needn’t give me medicine.
== You’re a very angry gal I see!  Well, for the time being would u like cloves? If you chew it might give you a bit of relief in the throat — or you’d again say quack?
== Nope. I’d say u a very good guy.  Happy?
....  Then they ink a temporary deal in — silence!  Both of them are proceeding towards the Abas hostel.  From far the wind importing for them from time to time the feeble sound of some distant musical soiree, that is being erased again by fresh erratic wind.  On the roadside high trees abrupt twitter of night waking wild birds.  The cloves comfort her a bit in the throat.  But the nagging spasm clings.  To divert Shrota’s attention from the spasm,  Somidh fabricates ghost story=> In the afternoon I heard a guy felons-de-se had hung his self down that bushy tree afar.  After that it’s heard every night his spirit —
==  Oh, you’re trying to scare me?  Ghost stories you know does not frighten me?  She says such but encloses herself to Somidh’s body.
Somidh sniffs fun.  He understands Shrota is scared.  So to scare her more he adds=> When you aren’t scarred, then even if I scare you why you get scarred?  that’s just what I heard. 
==  What, what you’ve heard —?
==  No let it go.  Again you’d say I’m scarring you.
==  Again upping your price?
==  Heard that after the suicide his unsatisfied soul hovers down that tree and—(scarred Shrota now grips one hand of Somidh).  Somidh notes mutely that her cough has reduced to a great extent.
==  And —?
==  And breaks out the neck of whichever young girl passes down the tree.
==  Why the gals only?  Why not the guyz?  Shrota suspicious.  cautious.
==  Look, what can I host to do out here for the ghost?  Here your feminism won’t work.  As this is wholly the choice of the ghost by the ghost and for the ghost.  In this case as the man hanged himself to death being unsuccessful in love, so after death his aim is to offer love to young girls and to be united with their spirits after breaking their necks.  So in this case you might be his target, not me. (now Shrota grabs Somidh’s waist).
==  Yea, the ghost came to tell you. ganja smoker’s gossips!
==  You don’t believe?  Of course in case of a ghostess as the hostess might prefer guyz more.  In that case may be I’d had fear.  Besides the fine jingles of small silver bells of the 2 anklet-band noopors in your feet easily attract ghosts.
==  Yeah, u know everything.  I’m putting off noopoors.
==  Look, what’s my benefit in knowing everything?  So I don’t waana know everything.  But a bit of what I already know —
==  Whatta bit u already know?  Shrota is exceedingly afraid.
==  What a bit I already know so I can say this much only that u go hugging me exactly this way till crossing the tree.  And the spirits will be angry if you put off your Noopoors.
==  Having milking great fun kidding me, eh?  You’ll enjoy breaking out my neck!  Well I won’t depend on you any more.  Shrota’s voice reflects her hurt explicitly.  She releases the grip on Somidh to backtrack:  I won’t cross beneath the tree tonight.  Rather I’m about turning to the opposite side towards Pareshnath.  If you gotta come you gotta come with me.  If you don’t, don’t.
==  Go as you like.  But I don’t wanna die now going that way.  I’ve no such false valor.
==  Reason?  Shrota asks being dampened.
==  Whose another name is Pareshnath?
==  Might be of Siva tiva.
==  Right.  One meaning of the word Shiva denotes Bhuth— who has no existence.  What is it called which has no existence?
==  Ghost!
==  Then u assume, for that reason another name of the almighty Shiva is Bhutesh or Bhutnath, who is the lord of the ghosts,  right?
==  Yea-s.
[Patch => Shiva is the lord of the cosmos and one of the supreme Trinity. He is the omnipotent lord of the dark and destruction. The dark that furnisheth the eternal space and the skies, which is ever reaching all pervading and is spontaneously created having no source no need of fuel and assistance.
The luminous light is temporary
but the dark is infinitum on infinitime

.... Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]

Somidh further adds =>  Kularnava Tantra says >> The individual soul (jiva) is Shiva;  Shiva is jiva.  When in bondage, it is jiva; freed from bondage, it is Shiva.  That indicates he is the lord of the bhuts or ghosts.  The tandava dancer Nataraj Siva is by now dancing trance in the dark with Nandi Vringi and other ghost followers on the road of Pareshnath. Tandava dance = the eternal cosmic dance of annihilation.  Of course if they get you they’ll do ball dance.  They’ll play catching and throwing with you and dispose you into the waters breaking out the neck.  Then you’d become what it makes replacing the letter ‘i’ with ‘a’ in the very word Siva…. 
==  Replacing the letter ‘i’ with ‘a’ in the very word Siva .>> that means I’d be a sava = a corpse?  Oh ffather / I won’t go there / further.
Now she turns back to stick to Somidh’s waistland again, as the broad way has this time becomes cul de sac for her.

I'll Suck Honey of Thy Lotus Lips
==  Yes, that’s like a good girl.  You hug me tight so that the ghosts can’t snatch you away from me.  In fact they’ll certainly grab if they get any single young pretty gal like u.  With a man they will try to drag u surely, but if u clutch me then they won’t be successful to grab u from me.  Somidh now detects Shrota’s nagging cough has disappeared.
==  Yes, ghost is your buddy, has whispered in your ears.
....  Now blowing sound of wind navigating through the palm leaves.  Somidh reproves=> not only in my ear, don’t you hear their wavering on the palm leaves?—that indicates they are approaching to abduct you.  {o/||\o} {o/||\o}
Now Shrota is fire: Amazing!  Can’t you clasp me tightly to prevent them snatch me? 
So Somidh encircles her shoulder by his one hand and checks his laugh=> Now the spirits have no way to hijack you from me without killing me first!   [O/||\O]  [0/||\0]
....  This time Shrota being assured a little. keeping her head placed on his chest. passing by the impasse of the bushy dark ghost tree. muttering Ram Ram Durga Durga. and glancing at the tree to note the swarming fireflies’ feeble dot lights surround the tree, like the handiwork of lighting decorators of Chandannagar glowing and offing recurringly >> pointing out which Somidh descripts=> Those lights seemingly of fireflies in fact are the eyes of ghosts at you from the ghostland sanctuary.
....  Treed like a mouse baked into a hot dog bun, Shrota somehow crosses the dreadsome place evading her innumerable invisible snatchers. And looks behind and the surroundings again and again. suspiciously.  Covers a little more distance to recover her from fear.  Her phony censure=> Ah, now release me, it is hurting.  Though she internally and menternally agnizes Somidh being another more potential spirit, has surreptitiously grasped her unaware at the core in the manwhile.  She doesn’t really mean to be released from him.  Rather desires him to wrap up her like now!
Shrota’s fragrant hair now weavers mildly over Somidh’s face and nose chased by the wild wind.  His charmer ploy => See we haven’t yet come fully out of danger.  So they might be addicted by the fragrance of your hair and drag you by hair. So don’t let me loose now.
==  Oh u liar!  But cautiously she raises her hands to fasten and coil her disheveled rustic hair that explicitly publishes her thriving breasts, inviting Somidh to jump off the barriers. He drags her face to his.  Shrota fakes puzzled => Bah, the ghosts relent but the spirit doesn’t!
==  Why not make this spirit be your esprit as of now?
==  Eh, I don’t concern.  She utters but cannot restrain herself being mesmerized by the fanatic manatic scent of Somidh’s body.  Her lips leap toward Somidh’s .....

Worlden River Flows Deep & Dumb
....  Embraced they brace down to trace a special place just touching water of the river leaving the artificially lighted road.  here scattered rumpled forest.  moon & sprinkled stars peeping through the gaps of giant treetops.  sandy stony deserted shore.  maya land.  swirling ornamental waves chased by mild wind.  There they 2 being unclothed by inborn original aboriginal instinct—giveth  up their dresses and all signs of the so called civitualization to turn to sylvan stone age Neanderthal man & woman—at least for a short time—who liveth in cave and  eateth flesh of hunted bison, mammoth, rhino, bear and various beasts, probeasts and birds roasting in fire….  In fact in such a prehistoric rockumentary circumstance and place, in such idyllic, moon washed, jolly, sylvan solitary night, it is natural and normal for man and woman to roam in bare body and mind, which is only scenic and civilized—and against it all the prevalent apparently civil apparel here is abnormal & obcivic.  In this protime and pretime the bank of the lake is ruled by the duo prototem man & woman—where and when there is no country.. no boundary.. no government.. no light.. no plight.. no shield.. no sword.. no modern arms & ammunitions.. no education dedication conveyance transportation.. no society rule.. no exploitation.. only sexploitation.. no regulation.. no ediction.  In this vast land probably in heydays stalked monstrous lizards or dinosaurs, large mammoths, eohippus, guerilla and probeasts like , tigers, bears, lions etc.  Or before that period this place was governed by the unruly waves of any ocean?  Here once the open-jaw robbing sharks and robust giant whales proudly patrolled? Once roareth the gigantic mighty waves? 
....  Then how gradually the ocean recedeth?   And keeping long fright in breast awakes the indigent pile of stones and sand shore.  Now self-satisfied scattered kash bushes / twirl in the wind constantly swings / oh how little can they know about the memory of the past pomp and glory? / thus musing diversely / in open body and mind / roaming on the side of the river in the heartmosphere / is the optimum time to receive the most wanted in life they thinketh.  They are seated for sometimes drowning their feet in the water.  They may not fly but they run in the wilderness spreading their arms like wings….He sees no light in the forest excepting the moon.  Introxicated by mahua the sylvan girl dances au naturel…..Sometimes within her sits the primitive existence of untamed woman. 

For Thy Each Part Crieth My Each Part
....  After sometimes the lovelorn uncovered & uninhibited duo discover themselves bedjusted in the escapade of a few yard of velvet grass land nearby…..embedded to conduct search & research something in each other’s embodied curves and contours. and becomes totally connected to each other in loventure. by reciprocation of skintillating compression emotion & motion.  Her melting mind & soul and haughty hottie naughty breasts and the sealed primeval secret mystery—that born and reborn and slept inherent and coiled like a latent snake into her pelvic cave for ages and eras—now arisen and activated by the recurring commotion and friction—inflicted by the intruded piston of flesh of her bidder—who is squeezed mercilessly to imbibe all the drops of pleasure—into her black hole manufracturing hissing scream .….. and in that inchurnation, extraction of not poison but much secretion of secret elixir—arises out in sexaltation to exhaust and empty themselves completely…..
..When in the Paleozoic moon beam  |)
..Mesozoic sylvan glory thereforth
..homo sapiens brain charged with inherent
..testosterone could not be sedated 
..yet stripped to the ecstatic channel
..thence the world is allocated just for the 2 only
....  In that protime they are not the prototem of any religious imaginary god and goddess, not another other first forefather and foremother either.  Not at all any such important item nor primates—but just only a pair of intimating uninhibited mates of this habitual age—who in that primitive and prehistoric set of extime scenario—only cohabitated felt and extracted exquisite sensation untimely—and will again return to the regulated whirling of usual current surroundings.  And the solitary jungle of trees will turn into the jungle of people and buildings rapidly….. and tomorrow in wide daylight these facts + actions + frictions = factions and thoughts will be considered as totally false, baseless, supernatural, nonreal and nonsocial.
....  Yet as of now peaking the ecstasy of the sextasy, they recede to descend…and detouch from each other as the gamestop store—back to separate entities again—absorbing assimilating & ruminating the satisfaction and pleasure hunted by the antenna of their respective body & mind—internally & menternally in their short stint sylvan abode.


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.13

Chapter 13: Lassefair Times


Gradient Past to Present Civilization

.The cricket’s non-stop sharp chirr
.in the background 
..Mild sound of flowing moonlit-diluted water
...The same moon and stars
...hide & seek through trees  
...if they were man and woman
..of 100 thousand years ago
.it would not be a mismatch
.As neither any light nor any mark of civilization is visible there as of now in the dark.  For the time being here is deep night.  Mute earth. save the sporadic sounds emited by sylvan residents invisible in the dark. Innumerable stars. looking at them from the silent sky. and they 2 also are looking at the stars.  Their unbroken peace is in lying on au naturel grass bed.  They are driving their aromantic chariot through their dreamdom……
....  But soon their prehistoric session of manufactured obsession fractures >> when they notice from far away emitting a few dots of red green yellow blinking lights—a roaring plane flies and gradually fades out through the lower sky—to let them know in which part of human civitualization they are currently living.  Seeing the plane across the lower horizon, Shrota recalls once in her lower school days a small plane flew past accidentally through the menacingly low altitude cutting a palm leave, which fell on their school ground at Biswapur….
==  Where the plane will land, can you say?  Shrota’s query.
==  Heading toward the east, might land at Kolkata or skip to proceed further, Somidh’s proguess.
Sailing East Bank Skipeth Kolikata
....  At the same time Shrota’s menternal flight drifts around the skyline of Kolkata…….Kolikata. Calcutta. Colkotta, ……Kolkata.  She has eared so many vilifications so many badjectives of Kolkata……the city of nightmares, city of palaces & processions, dead city, city of joy……But to innumerable people like Shrota, Kolkata is the city of dream.  There she roamed so many times with parents, friends and with or without Songket alone in some rhyme or reason  and visited the places of interest.  In which megapolis she will go for higher education after passing out the grad grade.  That olden yet ever golden young Kolkata—in the city night theques and discotheques is now bubbling fizz of young night….  On the streets apparently rare vehicles and guards….so many thieves mafias horrorists and swindlers engaged in their misdeeds……So many people are resting in sleep or awake after the whole day labor……in the port and river dockyard ships and boats are pausing…..So many young couples are wooing & cooing in the hot bed engaged in kamsutra.
....  Shrota premembers one night she was returning in Songket’s car after the fun & funtasy at a nightclub.  Barring the bubbling area of the theques, the expressive and silent lights flooded the whole city.  Her eyes were searching the busy millions of people of the day. where they gone?  Where gone humming bee school kids?  Where gone the binder shopkeeper buyer belles & beaus?  Where gone the commuter patient doc nurses?  Makers dancers singers teachers, parasites, jokers, sycophants, kings & queens, workers, proprietors, professionals, entrepreneurs, traders, quacks, bluffers, ministers, leaders, sailors, ground full of people, servants, judges, cooks, writers, readers, magicians, travelers… and more whose names and professions aren’t known where gone they all?  Then that city was like a humanless planet where the sunny rays dazzle but there’s none to look at it. Only the motionless mountstones ditches caves remaining like immovable statues for countless light years.  Likewise in that deep night when excepting some scavengers all the commoners had entered in their homes as the ants into their holes, the city was shining with light as statues in a lone planet. 
....  That time Shrota premembered the play of statue in their childhood.  When they called any mate in school: Statue! that very moment s/he had to stand there motionless like a statue.  Thus she had to comply to stand like a statue in other’s command, and she had made others to remain as statue for a few minutes.  That night after a long time Shrota was engrossed by the child-play:
Buildings beside the road
She said: Statue!
Buildings became motionless statues.
Gizmo  cars on the road
She said: Statue!
The cars red signaled to become motionless statues.
Statues at the corner of the road
She said: Statue!
The statues remained motionless statues.
Cop at the juncture of the road
She said: Statue!
The cop became motionless statue.
Trees beside the road
She said: Statue!
The trees remained motionless statues.
Lampposts on the road
She said: Statue!
The lampposts remained motionless statues.
....  Thus being stuffocated by various tight stuffy rules regulations customs and etiquettes and partiquettes, the civitual pathways transportations.. claws of laws.. supply.. systems.. judiciary.. post.. communications.. health.. flows ..canals.. channels.. landmark buildings.. fondness.. home for destitutes.. zoo.. gardens.. parks .. fruitile trees flowers beasts & birds.. rituals.. punctual practices & punctilio principles.. administration.. school college structure and infrastructure.. court & offices.. sports & games .. drama .. music .. culture .. super structure suprastructure intrastructure and infrastructure ……. turned into déjà vu prevalent static motionless immovable steelhearted feelingless stony mute statues in front of her eyes slowly and gradually……... 
....  Otherwise, amazing! Songket—that buddy from Biswapur — he also turned into a heartless static statue swallowing the water of Kolkata!  But when he could not play with his broken leg, she stood beside him to share his agonies with him at Biswapur.  Shrota has encouraged him toujours. behind his coming to Kolkata. to get his leg operated by renowned surgeon.  behind his getting chance to play soccer for premier club.  And today Songket getting huge fast bucks playing for big club wants to void avoid & devoid her!  So she doesn’t want to see the face of such an ungrateful fellow!  Otherwise could she give her body and soul in such at ease in momentary weakness to an almost unknown guy like Somidh?  
....  Though she still is ruminating the sexalting bliss in her body and soul getting atouched with Somidh, yet she is skeptic as to what she has done! Has she done right as of Somidh’s indulgence?  Was she not a nonbeliever of bodily fornication without love?  She slaps herself charge sheeted for her own work.  In fact that moment that primeval circumstance was so overpowering—that nobuddy—may  s/he be saint or yogi—it would not be possible for anybody to evade the timely pervading demand of body and soul by overlapping with social perceptions of negation.  Somidh is nicknamed by them as Gandhi and slippery pankal fish—who is not to be caught, but could he escape this happening?  And if they both or any one of them could repress him/herself to skirt this situation,  then is there such surety that after that, throughout the life, wouldn’t s/he have to repent for that s/he has squandered such an unique au naturel propertunity in sheer foolishness?  And why should she devoid of this happening?  Sonket didn’t wait for her.  So why should she care for him?  Therefore why should she brood over it and spill the beans to spoil the feel good satisfaction of this once in a lifetime fulfillment? As—
Leaves fallen can go back to the root
cannot go back to the branches left

Receding in Low Tides
....  But her contentment is terminated when she feels there is some rough uncanny breath sniffing over her face and 2 glaring eyes minutely watching her => Oh father it’s a ghost!  Muttering she hides her face in Somidh’s wide chest.  Somidh returns to his surroundings from his menternal world.  He notices that a dog stands in the dark near her head.  The dog reckons him.  He also preckons the dog.  This is the wounded dog, which was fed by him in the morning in the teashop.  And at Abas hostel too the leftover scrap of food in plate after each meal is reserved for this dog.  Somidh winks the dog away to assure her and asks => It’s late night, won’t you return to Abas now?  Everybody might be thinking  us.
....  Shrota is alarmed.  She jumps up quickly.  Dressing up they walk toward the hotel. Silently.  Being absorbed.  Because they know very well that later the moment in daylight it might be viewed as blasé.  May be later on it might be explicit that the spur of the moment was a sexplicit faux pas.  But they mull is it? That moment there was no greater truth than that faux pas —  will which not enkindle them with sexhilarating flick of joy at times in later life, wherever they might stay leaving apart from each other!
Shrota paces up from a little behind to catch up Somidh’s hand => Hei Spirit—no no my Esprit, go a bit slow.  What are u musing about so much?
==  Thinking, which happened all on a sudden from what! Should it have happened?  This will flash back in mind for whole life wherever I ive.
==  I will remember it too.  It can’t be forgotten even if I want to.  Amazing! We didn’t even know each other properly yet it seemed we are known to each other forever! … Menternally she dips deeper in muse…
Unknown at first
United in midrhyme
Varied at last

== So I waz contemplating—
== What?
== If we could include this sequence of primeval man & woman in the script then how is it?
== Oh just say that! I’m only a character of your scenario?  Just a sequence!?  Not more than that? Shrota is silent.
== Oh not only a sequence surely.  But is there any harm if we try to depict this intimate moment to share it with many more people thru depicturization?
== No harm.  Joy gets bigger and bigger the more and more if it can be pumped into more and more people. Here snobbery of false morality and wounded nagging dog of censor tagged as savage obscenity will gag you. As >>> 
Acting savage is no savage
only telling it is s-o savage!

Real sex act is a natural scene
only telling it is obsin!

== Strange! Not in any other country—how Batsayan could compose Kamsutra here so many years ago!  And how else could the ancient sculptors of this country sculpt Khhajuraho, Konark?
== More over you won’t get actors to depict these 2 roles of primeval man & woman. Because would you yourself like to act in this role of the man?
== No because I’m the scriptwriter and director.  May be the music part also I’ll have to look after.  Over and above these acting is impossible for me.  But you wanna be actress?
== Gonna mad?  Acting not my cuppa tea. I’ve never acted in my life nor have I any  mentension to do so.  I waz just kidding you.

Trick & Treat in Retreat
....  Enter in the hostel.  the soft blue nightlight is on in Shrotas’ room.  but Somidhs’ dorm is dark.  Somidh calls => come to our room first to have your med for cough.  Consult a physician in the morn.
So long the coughing was intracepted to be forgotten.  But hearing about the cough her throat tickles with cough.  She tries utmost to repress it. Because by the sound of cough will wake up the big sister in law and the kid.  Somidh notices the door of the dorm isn’t locked from inside.  That indicates Protits have returned and slept.  he pushes the door.  opens it.  both enter.  blindense dark room.  Somidh switches on the light.  Then and there suddenton voices of 2 pairs of male & female from above the bunks on 2 sides of the wall oracle => Switch off at once, quick!  Puzzled Shrota and Somidh as if foot found in brain, watch 4 stark stripped aromantic bodies / attached to 2 beds fixed like shelf on the wall / cosying up atouched to each other like bats in pitch dark erotica.!
Somidh promptly turns off the light to warn => Make haste.  The 4 begin to dress up hastily.
While Shrota prickles to pickle => Dodging us there you eject up here to do this, eh? Who said it > > dark deeds are better done in the dark?
Lipi’s handy reply: What can be done, to give u 2 the propertunity to be alone we’ve to retreat here.
Shrota reminds Somidh => You just tally her statement with which I mentioned you earlier, as to what they will respond!
Now Swaha’s pushback => Aha, in this moonlit night beside the embankment what u 2 were doing so long then?  Reading gospel of thomas or the Tripitak?
== That u won’t understand—the intro notes on the homoeopathic role in the diagnosis of chronic diseases of the mankind!  Shrota explains with fake gravity. 
Laughing out loud

....  Everybody relishes the remark.
== Is it for nothing that Chityada calls Somidhda as Gandhi?  Such an exclusive beautiful night u’ve wasted in the wackness!  Comments Sarol and switches on the light.  Shrota + Somidh grin surreptitiously.  Shrota’s faux lament: If there’s hole in the fate what can be done?  The spare spirit you doled me out is really the esprit of an elusive pankal fish.  blunt.  has no sense of good humor.  doesn’t understand anything other than art or drama!
Everyone blames Somidh => You’re just nonchalant  good for nothing!
Somidh only reacts this much => You may call me whatever u like.  But I’m not to accept any tag that you label on me.
....  Then he attempts to administer a few globules of medicine in Shrota’s mouth when Shrota paws the little file of med from his hand to reflect =>: How can these few grainy  globules cure my disease?  until & unless all the globules are tried at one go?
== Hey, what u’re doin’?  It will harm if u take all the globules at a time!
Shrota skips his words => Well goodnight!  See u tomorrow.  The giggling girls shift to their room to own their girlish times.

Reclining Times
....  Girlie Runs Girlish Times. The big sister in law aka Boudi has been awake. She unlatches the door.  Interrogates nobody nothing.  No doubtlook but her goodie outlook is>> in this age all girls are scheduled on the merry go round way. That maketh not the Ramayan unsacred.  But as the light is on in their entry into the room, Ulki wakes up. Rising up the kid is surprised => oh mom the aunties returning so late night? (hinting at the wall clock) clocking at half past two!  I’ll go to bathroom.
Her mom lights the bathroom:  you’ll go alone or should I stand there?
== No alone I’ll go.  You needn’t stand for me.  If you stand would I not be ashamed? I’m grown up.  Anybody has to stand in bathroom for the aunties?
== Aunties are grown up.  So they don’t require.
== I’m also grown up.  Know my age?  F-i-v-e.
Everybody chortles to relish her words.
== Yes, you have become a ripe old granny.  Ok.  Now do quickly. I’ll off the light.  You 3 change your dress fast and lie down…

....  Near the dressing table mirror while putting off their wristwatch hairpin ribbon and other tit bits for beautification, and wearing peignoir, the other 2 notice Shrota isn’t wearing anything in her hand and ear.  So they cross her in low tone: Shrotadi where gone yr watch bangle earring?  Lost?
== No, put off in my wallet.
== What for?
== In the dark of night who is there to look at the ornaments?
== Why the pankal fish?
== He is humorless & dry. His head is churning with reel life art only not real life.
== Wretched!  We feel sorry for you.
== Look don’t sprinkle sympathy.  I can tolerate everything except that.
== Understand.  But your facial?  Lip stick, bindi of forehead, hair styles  before going we done your make up so minutely, where all those vanished?  Bindas!  Foxing us?
Fumbling a bit Shrota ripostes=> washed in water.
== How?
== Because of little tension in facial skin.  Felt uneasy.  So washed it.  Besides remaining natural is also a style.
== Where did u get water there on the road?  That indicates you went down to river?
== That means you 2 went to the water of the river and were reading there homeopathy in the moonbeam.  You’re reading us this?
== Or you’re catching pankal fish in the river?  Where gone the noopoors of yr feet? Then Miss Happener, what more did you happen there?  The real player.  Up to how far you 2 did go down? 
== Up to the face??
== Up to the chest???  
== Or up to the happiness????
....  Shrota retreats a bit cornered with their combo carpet-bombing of cross questionnaire and meaningful laugh of disbelief.  But she somehow tacitly cooks up => no not only homoeopathy.  A newtopian.  Moonbeam hath fallen hither in the river.  Whence analyzing the stones and cookies of the moon it is to be derived that thither remaineth no spice to be aromantic—rather factories canst be starteth thither.
....  Their humor of unending hysteric girlic belly laughter and low tone humming and foaming on this topic draws Ulki beside them who now inspects => Whom you’re laughing at hush-hush?
== That you won’t understand.  Go to sleep.
== Did I not know?
== What do you know?
== You’re laughing on yr boy friends.  I’ve s-e-e-n you returning from bathing in the river at the daytime.  With them you’re l-a-u-g-h-i-n-g.  Ulki discloses their boylinks.
== With them means who?
== The uncles who have boarded in the adjoining room.  Your boyfriendz?
== If so what?
== Nothin’.  But I too have many boyfriendz.
== Wow!  Many?  Where are they?  Everybody is amused over Ulki’s talks.
== In the school.  In our class.
== Really?  their names?
== Udak, Tarpan, Saubor, Bimit, Mohak…
== Bah, wonderful names.
== There’re more.  But they’re my best friends. among them—
== Among them?
== Udak was my first friend.  But now I don’t talk to him, Ulki now seems a bit emotional.
== Why no talking terms?  They ask while changing their garments.
== Becuz he’s been naughty, Madam has said.
== Why is he naughty?
== He ate chocolate taking out of Prarthona’s pocket.  Wrapping a chip of brick in the foil, kept back in her pocket.  Prarthona  been befooled to eat the chocolate—hi hi hi—everybody in the class has jeered a lot.  So Madam has rebuked Udak and said nobody to make friend with this naughty boy.
== For that reason you also don’t talk to him.
== No particularly not for that only.
== Then?
== Then you come to sleep now.  Don’t chatter more.  Whenever her sleep breaks at night she’d wake up with the wide eyes.  Hey you 3 lie down putting the bright light off and the dim light on.  Boudi orders.  So they lie down in their beds.  The white light off.  The blue light on.
== I’m not sleepy now.  I’d like to read now.  Otherwise I won’t be able to stand first to beat him.
== Oh, we realize.  For this reason you don’t talk to him?
== Yes.  Just see he made me second to be the first himself.  I wanna read now. Ulki rises up puts on the light and wants to read.  She likes to show everybody that she is so attentive in reading and so much a good girl.  Her mom drags her to lie down and pats on her back to make her sleep.
== I don’t feel sleepy, mom.  You have made me to sleep since evening, not taken me outside for a stroll, for your boyfriend hasn’t come today, is it not so mom?  Ulki bombards.
Everybody is perplexed in her words: Your mom has boyfriend?  Who?  Your mom has totally suppressed the fact from us.
== Why, isn’t dad mom’s boyfriend?
== Everybody guffaws at this word.  Her mother also rolls in laughter => Precocious kid!  Sleep at once.
Others justify => Ah, she’s no fault.  Rightly said.
....  Ulki’s more bouncers => well mom, u have boyfriend, you have kid, it’s me.  The aunties too have boyfriendz, why they have no kid?
This question dazes everybody in uneasiness for sometime.  Then her mom rescues all others => The aunties are not yet much grown up. When they’ll be more grown up, they will have.  Now sleep at once.
== Aunties will have when more grown up?  Ok why the aunties will have kids?  Why their boyfriends won’t have?  Everybody is dumb.  At first nobody has the suitable reply.  Her mom grudges=> Now you’ll be slapped.  only prattling on. Non-stop. Sleep at once.
She U turns Ulki and pats her back more and more to let her sleep fearing that she doesn’t poise for more uneasy questions. But fate can’t be forgotten. Ulki’s again ultimate ultramatum=> tell me why the boy friends will not have kids, only the girlfriends'll have?
....  Her mom enrages to beat her.  Now Shrota salvages.  takes charge of her=> Ah, don’t beat her.  It’s normal for the children to have so many queries. Ok, I’m answering you.  Well will you be able to understand and answer if I ask you any question from the topics of the highest class of your school?
== Now I won’t be able.  I’ll be able when grown up.
== Just like that the answer of the question you made now will be taught when you’re at the higher classes in school. Ok?
== Yes.
== And yr mom’s boyfriend is coming tomorrow morning.  He will drive all of us to so many places.  whole day enjoyment.  full of fun and frolic.  he has promised you  a Barbie doll?
== Sure—
== So if you don’t sleep now, then we’ll be late to  wake up in the morning.  and all of us including you will miss the tour.  you want that happen?  
== Na.  Then I’m sleeping right now.  The sleep signaling Ulki’s illegible mutter still continues=> D-a-d’s become n-a-u-g-h-t-y like Udak—I’ll rebuke him tomorrow—mom u too chide your b-o-y-f-r-i-e-n-d fervently—dropping the office couldn’t he come today  f-o-r  m-e?

Sleep The Chimp
....  From the Wanderer’s Wordrobes it is recovered in the aforesaid times too the humans—the distant relatives of chimpanzees required sound sleep.  For nonailing person 6-8 hours of sound sleep was considered necessary for normal health generally. The sleeping person some times looked like helpless and some times looked like their primitive relatives sleeping chimpanzees.  Some could sleep even standing like horses while some could sleepwalk.
....  There were huge number of peoples who spent sleepless nights that time.  Due to worries, excess wealth, unfair purposes, illness, pains & pangs, naked lights, unruly rude sounds, heartbreak, longing for mates, and lured by sleep-thieves, peoples often missed sleep. One could have get sleep using chloral hydrate, barbiturate, bromide etc &c tension-easing hypnotic drugs.  But in that age mostly circulated and much hyped populist sure-day-sleep formula tablets were Bat tala & neo Bat tala oriented parasitic innumerable novels and soapera serialz and spice filmz.  Yet without or with the badvice or advice of good physicians these tablets drugged many people.  Regarding this a story wast that, after examining a patient an amusing doctor prescribeth his wife=> your husband now needs complete rest and peace. So I’m giving these sleeping pills.
Wife => When and how many pills to nosh him?
Doc=> Gosh! not to nosh him but for yourself to pop.
....  Glow these times.  Flow these times.  Go these times


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.14
Chapter 14: Contension Times


So Many Words Left Untold
Crow caws entuned
by utter moon beam  )
Escaping that argot some sleep
Some hear  but can’t decode
Boggling so many words left untold
That might be different night another lingo
Dulcet times too ear
in own tongue no woo & coo
Fumbling so many words left untold

Wee sleep trips in another ranting jargon
Fluttering garrulous sparrows
swirl twirl and skip
Oh only they themselves infer
the treaty of twerp they confer
Life's scraps couldn’t be booted unfold
Wavering so many words left untold

....  The chirping of birds daybreak wakes up Somidh.  The toil of plodding last few days has jaded them.  Limbs need rest.  Feel at ease is this acedia. This floating on wreckless slapdash muse reclines. 
By that time embedded Sarol eyes at first through glass panes the river on one side. while the backgrounds on the other side  still  ^^^^  hill.  slight chill feel like the first day of winter.  easing pleasing climate.  energetic fresh rays of sundom @ random.  chat room of chirrup birds.  musing of aromantic dreamagination of yesternight's erotica.  glow of grin on his face.
Protit intracepts: Whom do you recall? grinning alone?  Lipi?  Whatever, get up.  quick.  Forgotten itinerary to Khoridoongri in the morning?

....  What is the most punishing work in the world?  Sarol’s propinion is to wake up & get up in the morning.  Actually how little time has he gotta sleep last night + strain of bepained feet in marathon erratica + footsore & abrasion caused for wearing new shoes = altogether a chaotic hang over.  Still to rise up as prompted.  To be prepared in quick time to go out.  Of course in the desolate place none to critique them.  So, in night’s sleepwear they are outbound.

Chalked Muddy Meadowy Pathway 

....  Way to Khoridoongri, the chalk hammock.  again dizzy shops.  guesthouse.  lock gate of barrage.  crossing the bridge on the harsh somber river.  not very far away.  might be 1 kilometer.  The place they’re staying since yesterday seems now to them a bit drab & dull in comparison to yesterday.  Down the pitched road is wet paddy field.  Muddy dividing pathways subdivide it.  Cul de sac.  mud smeared buffalo in pasture. grazing. cowboy. wet dew drops.  wet narrow divider footway.  wet paddy field.  water in paddy field.  free game of wriggling fishes swarming in the water.  writhing non-venomous watery snakes.  They have to walk a little extra to find out the directions toward the exact walkway.
....  In the background of paddy field the greedy eye of the camera gleams.  3 walksters framed.  click.  piles of raw white chalk down the hammock.  to be transported to chalk factory.  Sarol remembers the chemical name of chalk  Calcium carbonate.  CaCO3.  sitting on the heap of chalks.  click.  at the slope of hammock near the village hut a simpleton lass. click.  Sarol poses in the role of a starving farmer with axe in shoulder. click.  cutting chalks from the hillock holed it like a cave.  dark inside as in the interior of Debgiri fort or Ellora Ajanta caves.  click. atop chalk hammock Sarol acting meditating Buddha. click.
(~!~)

Sarol and Protit rehearse here once more the scene of fight in their ensuing production.

Click

My Waitage Is For Everyone

....  Meanwhile Somidh ropes in his vade mecum for this prospective spot of location, sitting on the torn rope-cot in front of the hut.  Scripting it takes a little time.  Breakfast time after returning from here is about to be over.  They took no food in the morning.  Hungry bon vivant Sarol impatiently utters bitter doubtlook=> What’s the use of writing these trash anymore?  Public won’t eat these yours art film theatre writings sightings.  Of course it will incur sales—tho not tickets, but yours house land and jewelry.  Only few beau monde or meantellectual groups might eat this artitude.
Somidh has finished his notes for the time being.  He bags the pen and notes while returning and examines Sarol’s vitriolic speech in aplomb temperate voice => Only beau monde group of people shall eat?
Sarol => Yea of course.
== Group? Which isn’t group? family is a family group. group too is group. a party is a group. people are a group of humans. wo/man is of human group. solarsphere is a group of constellations. so everywhere anywhere manywhere and manywhen everything everybody has to stay in-group. u and I too. somewhere big group. sometimes medium group. somewhen small group. somethen smaller group. Yes, somebuddy might claim s/he is in a big group and other one might be in a small group—but group—nobloody is outside of it—you ain’t a yogi—and me too not a thief.
== But all your idiosyncratic experiments on art are the flop shows of foreign influence.
== Right you are.  Really we’re unable to ape as we’ve no need to mimic.  Because of our everquest for originalism. There might be or in fact remains coincidental, partial or impartial similarity between somebody with somebuddy between anyone with manyone.  Isn’t eye similar to eye, hand similar to hand?  It exists parallel because all humans are Homo sapiens—that can’t be called as imitation.  As again there is dissimilarity in each & every case.  In fact imitation is called those which have no originality—who in any field—actively and constantly or inconsistently follow the déjà vu impassive cul de sac way of that field. yet claim that same plagiarized imported goods filled in new bottle, new label and new file as their own creation—only to establish themselves as emulators in their respective spheres.  And the easiest way to be established which is the most essential than even to be efficient & proficient in their own field—is to fulfill the blasé precondition of greasing the powerful heads of the fields of the respective institutions with clever sycophancy and various forms of bribery. Thus stay tuned to turn and ape themselves as their pet slaves.
== But whatever u say your awkward experimentations are meaningless.
== Each and every experiment—if that is really an experiment—and not merely an imported imitated   replication of a déjà vu well established truth in the name of experiment—must have to be unique awkward or undone previously—and not done in the past.  Otherwise that’s not experiment—but merely a ghost of a previously arrived at decision or proposition. Camus once said that any great work or great thought begins with peculiarity.  So if what are great can be peculiar, then what fault is it to be peculiar for us, who do nothing great?  In fact afterwards in some cases new ways gradually emerge out of those past experiments—which when gradually culminated then again it necessitates to break through new exceptional experiments to overtake the established ones.
To overcome humdrum expression
I opt for exception

Likewise, is it not normal that the usual formation and deformation that goes on in the world always?
== But why can’t you understand that your works are not to be acknowledged by the people?
== Kafka advised to start—not with that which might be recognized—but with that which is correct.  So who will take or not—that is the etude of that who or whom who will take or not.  But there in no way, have we/ us/ any artist/ writer/ director, anything to do with that. Then only this much to be done— which can be done or deem to be done should be attempted to be done, in the best possible way. That’s the action.
The longitude and latitude
of the viewer or reader is their attitude
where the artist or writer can't intrude

== Then your work is for whom?  Mustn’t be for all?
== Why so?  Any market shop drama exhibition book picture music  is made for all. but it can’t reach all.  where it reaches there too some see it some don’t.  some buy it some don’t.  some value it some don’t.  some understand it some don’t. yet nobody is barred to see.  to hear.  to read.  to perceive. for that one is to shell out some kind of price. 
Without worthing out something
one can’t get worthy anything

..That worth price may be money, may be his/her energy, menergy or womenergy, may be interest, may be enthu—whatever or however may be.  May be few people wanna pay the worth. so few people get that worthy something.  Give or not to give, want or not to want, get or not to get, are the exclusive choice of the hearer reader viewer.  But
My work today or tomorrow
shall be open day-n-night
for anyone  ×  manyone
ever in joy or sorrow

Let hoi polloi
love discard despise
my works are for all
class and mass
wise and unwise

== You’re saying for all but all your thoughts and perceptions will be usable to people for what purpose?
== Which art is useable by all people?
== The arts which are prevailing in the bazaar? That’ll prevail.
== Well, well.  That means art of the bazaar or bazaar of art?
== Yea.  Exactly.
== Well. The merchandized art literature & culture are usable by people in which work?
== Useable in which w-o-r-k?  That means usable for entertainment.
== Well, well. Today public entertainment is mainly rented:
As entertainment is rented antic
in the rentertainment mart
to be popular it demands to be
more or less melodramatic

So it is implied what you mean to say is that the prevalent type of entertaining art literature & culture, which are prevailing in the bazaar, willllll prevail for good.  And people will eat that stuff and willlllllll eat forever?  Is it so?
== Yes, exactly that so.
== How exactly so?
== Why not?
== Now you’re wearing this pant shirt, in that case should you not have worn dhoti fatua of the past century?  So is it not a hyperbole to factasize what’s going on that shall go on forever?
== Bah, art cult & lit and dress code are the same?
== Not same.  Ok.  Then before coming here which movie did you watch in Kolkata?
== Sextravaganza of Love.  Hectic fighting, pictitious.  Besides there is funtasy. love. sextasy.  songs and dance trance.  enjoyable picture.  Bindas.
== Well, but why didn’t you see Sabitri Satyaban, Kamale Kaamini, Mohisashur Bodh like operas instead of seeing Sextravaganza of Love? 
== Bah, this type of quaint opera doesn’t run nowadays so that anybody can see.
== So you see anything that went on in the past doesn’t go on today or will not go on forever.  Because the spectator reader hearers do not eat the same bazaarised commodity for a long time.  Again experimentations and observations go on in every arena.  We live everyday expecting something new & new regularly.
New should mean creation
not re-creation, remake or replication
Exactly which was not there
has been inducted currently original
may be in science art or literature

The scientist, actor, writer, painter, sculptor and  artistes should master it. One cannot reinvent the wheel.  And what was or is there if that is manufractured again— that is called copy, imitation, emulation, adaptation, duplication, replication—but not at all creation.  Even when the nature makes the same kind or species of creatures and wo/man, then also creates it with inherent distinctions and differences.
== Then you don’t wanna put any importance on what is brisk selling like hot dogs?
== Oh, did I say that?  I will give importance on it as a sellable recreational commodity, as a tearjerker funtertainment, as a trade and commerce, as a bread earning amusement indeed. In practice it happens very rarely, that a piece of really exceptional art, yet that has been properly evaluated, adequately accredited, honored, rewarded and awarded everywhere + at the same time marketed and sold out everywhere and has been adored by peoples in huge numbers >> which is the sole & solemn desire of each and every kind of artist!  But it seems that is almost implausible dry ice — tho there is exception. Here we should bear in mind the bestseller doesn’t necessarily mean the best creation or the best creation doesn’t necessarily mean bestseller — as this doesn’t occur often — tho there is exception. Again the highest awarded doesn’t necessarily mean the best art, or the most neglected or discarded doesn’t necessarily mean the worst art — tho there is exception. On the contrary once neglected often becomes adored in later times.  To remember Ben Franklin who once said—some people are weatherwise and some people are otherwise.  So where is the propertunity to oppose each other side? Any main stream art will have to manufacture the pieces conditioning itself with the prevailing demand of the bazaar for its sale — but if that will be translated into sales or if that will peak up the box office or be fruitfully auctioned, there is heavy uncertainty. 
== Any offbeat art will have to go to the bazaar for sell.
== Yes. But it may not have the urge to manufracture and modify itself obeying the dominant demand of the market.  
Sarol dismisses Somidh’s rhyme and raison de etre => Still the popular film, song, books hook and sell much more than yours those inaccessible art flirt poetry foetry film tilms.
== Correct. Imitations by copycats will always sell much more in numbers than any original work. Because those are cheap recreations—not creations. There goes the saying—
Live ordinarily to recreate
Secrete extraordinarily to create

....  Generally that happens temporarily or contemptporarily / so many examples can be cited summarily.  During the whole life time of Vincent van Gough only 1 work by him was sold—when many of his contemporary artists were sold many more — but after his demise and still after many years even today his paintings are sold at very high prices — and will be sold also after many years — when apart from the works of just a few creative artists of his times all other well-sold artists of that time has been faded into oblivion.  But in all ages this total number of this lesser numbers might ultimately outnumber the readers of the best sellers that illuminated the list of that time.
== That means you wanna say that you and Van Gough are equal?  Sorol’s desperate coup de main.
....  Somidh sniffs impatient Sarol getting irritated for his fierce arrows of vitriolic argument being foiled repeatedly.  So Somidh in aplomb grins to dilute the matter a little in jue d’espirit:  You have a little chin beard, again a big billy goat has also beard — then you and billy goat are the same?  On the contrary here the beard subject matter only is the same.  But the body, nature, place, time, character all are different.  Again you have beard, Lincoln had, Madhusudan had too — does that indicate that you and all of them with beard are equal?  Only the subject beard is common, all other things are different.  Just like only the subject > experimentation of the all kind of non-prevalent non-mainstream independent art < is common with us—but the types, forms, styles, times, place and characters are altogether different, variant, idiosyncratic and independent.  Only they are the creativity-oriented workers on the attitude and artitude and etude — we too are.  But some among them have been able to acquire a memorable platform in their respective art form that we could not.  That is our inability.  As in the ocean of art only floating nowhere is certain, but to reach any shore or at the targeted point is almost uncertain.  And there can reach only very few and very rare really creative artists.
== Thus once Flaubert remarked. Protit adds.
== Yes.  But this is still relevant those Flaubert’s words —…We are no longer on the same road, you and I.  We do not sail in the same boat.  May God lead each of us where each of us wants to go—you to a safe harbour, I to the open sea…  
Somidh pauses to add slowly =>
In art you have 2 basic options:
Be content with the usual accidental art
or create the original consequential art

Most people like Maxime du Camp are content with the first option. Real artists like Flaubert opts for the second. And this is the irony of fate that Maxime du Camp, who had wanted to reach the safe harbor with the then favorable wind, in the verdict of times the harbor didn’t remain safe, otherwise we need not have to hear him reading Flaubert, rather just the reverse would have happened.
....  Sarol assumes the matter is turning to be boomerang.  His choicest arrows of words shot at Somidh rebounding toward himself brandishing horns of big billy goat.  So selfurious now he searches in selfortification for more powerful sure shot ==> to hit Somidh fro his wordrobe => You are influencing us with your all these oddish  ludicrous derisory  opinions.  But we don’t wanna be influenced by you.
Somidh remarks =>
S/he who fears edge of reason
springing hood bites poison

What do u mean by the word ‘us’?  Is it the nom de plume for bragging your self? For ‘we’ signify you + who & which?  I do hereby pray for let their soul, masked under the fraternity of this ‘who or whoever’, resteth in peace.  Who art the big bro camouflaged behind this brethren?  Who art tactricking behind the scene?  As a loyal stooge of which ape-army are you gaping?  Whatever may be, why those ‘I -we- who or -whoever- he -or whichever’ enemy disguised as friend or frenemy remaining behind the mask?  Lift up the mask.  Let’s see thy fantastic moontastic face.  Well friends, did I  invite those ‘I + we + who + whoever + he + whichever’ that >>> come along guys come unto me, get influenced by me?  If I didn’t call/ ask them, then they have become influenced out of thy own accord — if that is true — he/they/thee art dipped into thy own dug out water — their own problem manufractered by themselves. They may stay with me in our team if they wish—or they may quit the team if they anguish or unwish.  If anybody wants to be influenced (which is his/her inability) then only s/he can be influenced (which is the ability of the influencer).  It is damn easy to blame others + to envy others without making amends for the inadequacy of anybody’s own self—without  making one self able, without seeing one’s own fault.  Confucius used to say — what the gentle searches finds within him.  What the commoners search remain in others. Thereforth my question is that why thou wanteth to find the solutions of thy problems not within thyself—but in me and play blame game and give me venom?
Take no venom give no venom
take no blame find no blame

In reality where there art light there must be shadow.  But where there hast no light there art all dark shadow.  The dark needed not be called for— it’s like omniscient all pervading spontaneous dark energy. So—
I Don’t Hinder

May it be lunar or earthy shadow
S/he who leads the way towards light
shades light of others wittingly or unwittingly
As hirise jungles of architexture stun the sun
in the haughty areas of New York town

In the vacuum of something deficient
enters the influence of the fluent

Yet some seeketh not to be shadowed
But the nature of  shadow is to cloud others
There the way out is >>>
1. Sheltering into cell, seal all holes
to thwart the  outsider shadow to enter
to remain  inside the shadow of walls
If it is covert no problem
If overt then >
2. To be uninfluenced
the prospect is to exalt ownself
But the aura of exaltation
shadows  others again—it is proven

Go toward light shadow will heed you
Go against light shadow will lead you

So I don’t groan
The earthen world is my open hearthen house|
For free sky water air light & shade it is ajar
blocking window door wall I don’t hinder


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.15

Chapter 15: Diversion Times


Transturn Around Diversion
....  Cut to 4:30 afternoon.  As agreed the trio walks to the confluence.  to catch hold of Chatur and Subol.  They are overjoyed: It would be great fun.
== Brought that?
== Yes babu pure for sure.
....  13 year old Kochi, the assistant of Subols, sitting beside the river is finishing his only one meal for the whole day and night.  Red coarse rice with gruel. + Salt.  The sign of cooking, burning wood left aside.  Black coat in burned brick.  Burned carbon.  Covert fire embedded in the ashes.  Empty earthen bowl of rice.  Chatur & Subol’s ferrying work not yet finished.  So it is decided that not in Jaadu’s theque on this side, rather if they refer, the babus can stay in the Sarengorh forest dept’s 2 small houses on the other side of the river.  And meal?  They will also arrange that.  Accordingly they ferry the babus to the other side.  The 2 houses are visible no doubt.  But can the babus to be asked to cross the stony hurdles of uneven terrain beside the river?  For them there is even walkway.  Decided that the babus will walk along the pathway diversion to reach the rest house.  Refer Chaturs’ names. everything will be arranged.  And the later program to be decided after the close of ferry in the evening. 
....  As per plan the babus advance thru the diversion.  After covering a formidable distance the trio walksters are tired.  They understand that they have come on the wrong road.  Sarol is fagged.  And mute out of fear.  Query few passers by about the address.  But nobody is aware.  One man rapidly passes by pushing a bicycle heavy with a goat tied in the carrier.  To sacrifice the goat in a godhouse.  He replies: I’m in haste, if I’m late, my pledge to god will breach.  And he disappears quickly in the stony tract.
They are amazed to ponder that hurried misappearance for beheading a goat! 
The goat is cool.
Is it cool because it’s a goat?
Or because of it’s cool it is a goat!

....A vegetable like sour okra is cultivated here in a tract.  tall like jute stalks.  among their gap is visible a hut. they appear there.  1 black complexioned man wearing a napkin only.  piling rounds of clay.  for building a mud house.  superbly aplomb.  seeing them his silence.  his mute work.  doing rounds of clay piling.  Sarol asks for water.  after 2 times of repetition water is given.  in a glazing brass pot.  sweet drinking water.  their drinking. sprinkling water in the face.  their spirits up.  Sarol’s voice livens up drinking water.  and finding the tracer.  Earlier when they distraced the way he did ask Somidh => Now what will you do?
....  However the man’s road map for them. that too as if with great composure.  actually they are repose by nature.  may be blasé seeing and facing much hurdles.  click tick.  taking of picture & descripture.  noticing on both side of the tracer’s dotted road,  rows of planted, implanted, and transplanted, cultured trees and garden of fruits and flowers.  not very well maintained, Somidh’s monologue=> These aren’t sylvan trees, these ’re planted.  That indicates we’ve reached the arena of forest dept surely.  the guess is correct as it appears.  the terrain is to some extent up in level.  and in the visible horizon watercolor allwhere.  riverian lake.  not a sea but to see the sea they see.  associates are the newbie society of meditating trees.  click tick.  taking of picture & descripture. their trudge now fruitile guessing the right direction.  after a little more plod a house is discovered.  the windows ajar.  doors locked.  a look thru the window revealize the visible inside chiaroscuro.  lungi vests male garments in a hanging rope. on the wall calendar funtastic star siren cavorting.  bandaged bed rolled on floor mat.  the mat coated in light red dust.  a pair of shoes also coated in red dust. a pitcher
||
( )
dust-painted. scrap of papers.  burned bidi butts …..et al.  Everything coated with red dust layer.  Observing the layer of dust it seems no man hath cometh hither for the past some times.  And as they advance more the signboard of Sarengorh Reserve Forest gets visible.  In front of the gate appears Adhir Sardar—theirs wanted man.  he’s not a jumbo man like a leader.  he has no roar.  no soar.  no pride.  no glaze.  just one 18/19 year old darkish lad in khaki sorts.  simpleton.  coy boy.  curly haired.  son of the soil.  no sign of superiority in his behavior.  Adhir opens the rooms.  then there are no amenities for the guests.  only the lavish water and air in the confluence of the Kaasai and Kumari rivers in detail.  and a tube well.  now working but remains mostly out of order.  electricity hast been the ignis fatuus.  Adhir with some other gardeners stay here.  they sleep in the floor spreading mat made from weaving date leafs.  no mosquito net.  they aren’t uncomfortable for that, Protit assures them.  at the time of sleeping they will just brush up the dust.  the grinning siren on the wall welcomes them.  evening covers its veil over the dale.  finishing the duty of ferrying Chatur + Subol emerge with a simple smile:  Let’s go,  before anchoring the boat for tonight  we’ll cruise you a bit in the boat.

Moontasy On Waterway
....  On boarding the boat all world is full of exultation.  From the point of view of stark reality  the cream colored full moon of kojagori poornima can not be overlooked but to be hooked over and over again.  To mystify by its imagic wonder in the tender dark of the evening it is rising out of the river womb vigorously in massive mass. The elixir glass \/  of  classic mahua brought by Chatur and Subol is doing its round in each hand.  It’s truly  pure and undiluted.  As leaving Chatur and Subol, its raw chemystery is burning down everyone’s unwonted throat.  Sarol dilutes it with a bit of river water.  Moonatic Sarol’s introxicated tone flourishes now => If I had enough and enough money I would buy the moon to keep it to me.
Protit => Have I told you that I’ve sold u my moon?  It’s my sweet will that I will not sell u my moon.  Being a dwarf, do not come to touch the moon.
This time the boat is racing with its boatizens toward the moon as if to grab it.  This pro environ and superb exultation has never been  prexperienced by the trio.  
This is the ever flowing spring of supreme joy
which has no decay no death
no senility no heat no fire no glare
no glow no glaze no blaze no sparkle
which  is soothing aplomb yet widest
does not infuriate anyone  allure hit anyone
yet all pervasive all absorbing
having no beginning middle or end
no creation no survival no destruction
which is only evolving revolving toujours
in continuous uninterrupted consciousness
and flowing in inherent menternal
wonted & wanted feelings
tending to mix and mingle with each and all
spreading broadness and generosity
and widen pollinated germinated sprinkled
regenerated rejuvenated distributed
and redistributed ever and over and over
yet can be appreciated rarely scarcely
this time that exultation manifests itself
framing the infinirhyme spontaneously
in the puff of happy notes by Chatur’s song:

At this end is me ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ You  are
on  the  other  side  of  the  sea.

....  His open candid voice and pastoral melody / when begin to engross eachbody, then abruptly he terminates the song:  Na I’m mistaken.  You are babus from Kolkata — I shouldn’t sing these rustic songs in front of you.
== Seeing us you gonna think we’re very cultured folks?  We are just bumpkins. Now you  restart. Somidh assures.
On everybody’s assurance he restarts with initial disinclination.  Gradually becomes easy and cozy when all hum with him:
In my golden happy days-s-s-s......
In my golden happy days
My deary is not with me
O my deary deserted me
to which land  I don’t know (oh oh)
,,  ,,  land  I don’t know (oh oh)
,,  ,,  ,,  I don’t know (oh oh)
In my golden happy days.

Oh my mind loveth not
In love one losses kin & clan
My life wrecks apart
Looking for bonheur my mind is aflame
awaiting black-bee my flower dried in the sun
In my golden happy days.

....  Watching Sarol keen to dance, Subol cautions him=> Don’t dance on boat Babu, it might capsize.
== Sarol you can’t swim.  If you die turning the boat up side down, your father will still beat you blue,  Protit’s remark gags everybody.

Whose Tune Whose Bosom Pain
The boat returns to ghat.  Anchoring the boat Subol uncorks their coy volition=> Babu now we 2 will go to see the Khemti dance.
== Where?  How far?
== Not very far.  Larkoli village, dist Purulia.
== Well, we too will accompany you.  Why should the same journey have two different routes?  Somidh.
== We’ve never seen that dance.  We gotta get a glimpse of that, Protit adds.
== But gentle folks do not hear, see those indecent songs & dances, babu.  You won’t like it. Chatur.
== What’s the matter tell me, if you think us we’re that sort of gentleman who might hate those?  Or you don’t wanna take us there?  Somidh’s articulation.
== Oh, what are you talking about!  Ok will you be able to walk?  Or won’t?  May be 5 miles.  Larkoli village is very rugged one.
== What rugged?  Such a trifle distance is it a distance?  Let’s go.  Protit prods.
....  Sarol in distrance is weary of walking such a considerable distance.  He calculates going + returning = 5+5 = 10 miles more walk.  Besides his experience tells him that there is great difference between the townies’ and villagers’ measurement of miles.  In that case the said 10 miles distance might be naturally 20 miles.  In the last few days their transchedule of marathon tournival overstressed his legs and whole body  bruised & bepained.  only today since morning going to Khoridoongri + back + from hostel to here might have been 15 miles walked already and have to cover the same miles on the returnal journey from here …. So wearied Sarol hints Protit in a low voice of his tension + intension cum mentension => In this dark pastoral pathways having no light—about 15/20 miles more to walk—!
But Protit’s reverse sweep => If you can’t walk why did you come?  And if reluctant you go back to the rest house,  you might sill get Adhir Sardar.  Hang on till we get back. But you won’t get any food there.  Ok we will fetch some food for you at the time of being back.  But it might be dawn to be back there after the end of the show.
....  Whacked by Protit’s tacit ultramatum,  Sarol preckonciles the situation menternally>> stark dark. entirely terra incognita road. to return to rest house <<alone  where nobody is found to show the road even at daytime,  so how can anyone get someone at night?  then if managed to return to the rest house— there’s none— no light. Omg, and if Adhir is not found there— without key it is dispossible to enter into the room— pitch dark— thief— robber— ghost— hunger— mosquito…..and any many more unpredictable dangers may incur. oh ffather he won’t go to the rest house alone any more. it’s better to walk 20 miles more.  presuming Protit  has tacitly chosen the righteous dose of leaving him high & dry.  having no other option he U turns reluctantly => Well, let’s see, the original khemti dance will be extinct slowly,  later it can’t be seen any more....
On the dark meadowy road worlden man Chatur gladventures singing: 
I could not swap the garland
You have not been mine
for my wretched fate  I got only pretense
for my wretched fate  we could not tie the knot
I could not swap the garland
The 1 after another pastoral love songs of Chatur cook up with the chemystery of raw Mahua hook up their mind:
If you remain far from your harvested land
others will reap the crops backhand

Everybody walks imbibed in a distrance.  Somewhen  the quaint Narkoli village is reached:
You have only salt in the kitchen
will you cook simply salt in the oven?

Following the loud sound of music boxes they have no difficulty to find out the spot. They can hear from far:
I didn’t say you don’t go
Simply wished to you
Say when time is ready
Eat when food is ready
Go when you are ready



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.16
Chapter 16: Harmonious Times


Blossoming Youth  Drains in Vain
....  Show has just started.  An open space encircled by trees.  A higher edition of the framework of a trellis made of bamboo and dry twigs for creeping up bottle gourds and basil creeper.  Under the trellis runs the program of song and dance.  Highlighted by daylights.
Characters: 1 singer cum danseuse called Naachni. Age: right or wrong side of 30. Height: medium. Body type: average. Complexion: dark.
+ 3 chorusgirls +1 dhol drummer, here the Rasik himself.
+1 clarinet player +1 harmonium player +1 percussionist.
....  Spectators seated on jute rags and mats encircling the trellis on the ground.  The trio likes the trellis set specially. which may be visualized in their film. Click tick from different sides.  2 benches reserved for the few respected village bosses.  On these bosses depends the booking of the call show contract of the khemti danseuse, to be contacted by the connoisseur called Rasik, or appreciator.  Somidhs are given to seat with the bosses as guests.  The ganja firepot or kolke for smoking chillum is doing the rounds from one hand to another hand also offered to the trio. but as they aren’t wonted they cannot make much use and beautifully utilize the chillum.  They stick to their cigarette.  But Subol and Chatur have plenty of stamina to beautilize the marijuana of chillum.  They smack full shot of chillum smoke from the kolke pot.  But here’s no time to waste on these trifles.  As the heroine is dancing and singing and make the soiree maddening:
Come on my honey  sit in the cot
I need to talk to you
All trouble in home trouble outside
I won’t love again honey  my mind is sullen
The drummer, who is in fact the Rasik or lyricist and composer and connoisseur himself,  is setting the rhythmic tempo of the nautch girl. slender tall Rasik drummer of may be 22. energetic black guy. in dhoti and sleeveless sandow vest. with lemon yellow bandana in temple. he at times making peculiar primal gibberish sounds through mouth:
…ah-ha/ aa-aa/ ah-ha / aa- aa…..
Again coming at the prelude and interlude sometimes abruptly sitting on the ground sometimes jumping up with his drum encircling the stage Rasik is captivating the audience. With him the nautch girl’s dance is peaking up in the gap between the prelude and interlude.  As in this part there’s no singing.  Only the accompanists playing with heavy enthu in mercurial top gear and high pitch.  The song then advances:
At the beginning of love
so many coos you wooed
Now you fuddle poison for elixir
Now you soak up  poison  for elixir
....  Of course courtesy mahua sip they feel good now.  Tipsy Sarol is tilting.  Some hearers are seen rewarding the nautch girl  by safety pining currency notes in her blouse with their own hands  and in the mean time if they get the impropertunity to touch her selectric pointed breasts, that is the sextra reward.  Sarol is menergized: Let me pin this 10 rupee note in Naachni’s blouse?  He swings the buck.  But menternally he is skeptic presuming the real size of her breasts — those are really of that height!  Or size zero doctored to look like that in the tactricks of pad and pyramid bra  O=O
Protit snatches the note from Sarol to censure: U re tipsy. tilting. u might be prankish to touch her breasts.  Better let Chatur go  pin her.  Of course at the time of pinning the note in the blouse of her dancing breasts, the subtly playful hands of steady Chatur are yogi or do not perform any subtle tactrickery — that can’t be assured — as she is explicitly amorous in her corroborative — oh you naughty — sort of smile.  Observing this Sarol elegies — oh, but for Protit he could have get this propertunity too!
....  Protit notes the symptomatic stance of the nautch girl Naachni’s dance.  The ruralite prima donna is swinging her upper body parts rarely.  One raison d'etre for it might be that it is not possible to move all the parts of a single body harmoniously according to rhythm, to present the entire strenuous load of singing and dancing simultaneously in this solo program for such a long time, keeping the melody of her voice undamaged. It seems already her voice has been roughened a bit by raising it to the top gear & high pitch like female kawaali singers.  However she shows proficiency of swinging lower parts of her body and foot works in sync with rapid jingles of ghoonghoor in between the prelude and interlude, when there is no lyric but only hyper accompaniment instruments play to the peak with the pas de deux.  And beautilizing this propertunity her co actor herotic drummer Rasik chants the gibberish notations with his primitive wild looks  and drums vocal expressions:
Hei::::::
Dha kita dha kita | dhag dhadha kita | dha tina dha tina | dhene gene
Eei::::::
Ta  kita  ta  kita  |  tak  tata  kita   |  taa  dhina  ta  dhina  |  tene  kene
He also plays to exhibit the unique notational rhythms with the ginglic ghoonghoor dance of Naachni with the accompaniment of clarinet and harmonium.

Oh hey Laalmohan
.............................. (repeat in chorus)
Be not flawer touching early bud of Kadam flower
I’ll gift you buddy kadam in time
I won’t forbid you
....  Pinning the money of reward in the blouse of Naachni there is hardly any place left in her blouse to be pinned more.  Sarols handover money to pin up boy Chatur a few more times to reward Naachni.  Chatur somehow finds place to pin up the money in her blouse.  Now Protit minutely notes the dress of Naachni =>  gown. transparent choli. sexuberant semitransparent blouse — from which the inside story of the 2 haunting inmates are peeping.  The gorgeous colors of the gown choli and blouse and the glittering illustration of the fringe glazing imitation ornaments emblazon / what is covering up her poverty to some extent / her jest and jesture posture drag the spectator / her trinkets glowing and jingling guilty necklace, bangles earrings / reflecting lights, her loud shade of vivid foundation makeup coverts up the original dark complexion of her face and hands.  The trio now can see from far that Subol is cooking their dinner under a tree.  Their dinner will be ready after the program is over.  Noticing this Sarol’s meter of hunger ups.
....  On the upper branch of a tree nearby a bird twerps high.  Somidh’s look follows the twerp to find the bird above the dark of the high tree, to end up in the open sky over head.  unclouded.  unhazed. unphazed  clear.  dry. In the dark dazzles the dots of glowing stars. How Mr/Ms Full moon hiding behind a bushy high tree from only beyond 1½ light year away is tacktricking the focus of light who knows?  Well from that sursphere those stars planets  galaxies or some living objects insects even germs therein are monitoring that some immature inhabitants of this mortal earth engaged in some amusing music and dance soiree to forget their ultifate deadend in demise? ….. Or somewhere in supraspaces now is going on some different kind of social or cultural program by some different aliens like these mortal worldens?  Or in celestial ensembles beyond some many more light years away some cosmozens of that place tracking the trajectory, are viewing this soiree in this part of the earth with the help of some powerful techknowledgical gizmo to comment: Yonder some cadaverous earthen inhabitants are now making how hysterionic silly absurdly gesture posture and gibberish crying hullabaloo!  Whence ==>
To determine the distance of a star in how many light years away = distance of the star in speed of light in 1 year [miles]= 186000 ×365× 60×60×24……
....  Here napping Sarol’s head dozes off slipping on Protit’s shoulder while sleeping and Protit refixing his head to its proper place again and again: Keep straight for just a few more minutes my jewel Napster.  After this we’ll just eat and disperse.  But that assurance isn’t eared by napster Sarol.  He only can mutter indistinctly: Wake me up at the time of fighting.  Then again he begins to snore.  Chatur has seen this ballad several times before.  He solaces: No fighting in this.  This ain’t a warfare ballad, babu.  This is the last song.
...What can be done? What can be done? 
(hie hie)  (ah ha)
.....................(Repetition in chorus)
O my blossoming youth  drains in vain
....................(Repetition in chorus)
untimely lopped youth lapses inutile..ee
....................(Repetition in chorus)
O my blossoming youth  drains in vain
If he belonged to me
He would taketh me away with him
.......................( repetition by co singers}
Today  resting mind on paramour
I have to weep allthru my life
O my blossoming youth  drains in vain
I won’t love again honey my mind is barren
I won’t love again honey my mind is sullen.....
(hie—hurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr……….)
Dha kita dha kita | dhag dhadha kita | dha tina dha tina | dhene gene
Ta  kita  ta  kita  |  tak  tata  kita   |  taa  dhina  ta  dhina  |  tene  kene
....  It takes little time for the crowd to disperse after the soiree is over. about 3 am. The spectators from distance walk away with their torch, lantern and stick.  And the nearer ones dissolve into their homes.  Waking up Sarol, 5 persons seat to eat. Nearby sneak in 2 dogs wafting their tales.  They are served food on banana leaf cut off the tree and washed by water of the pond.  Hand made roti and Dinglar Chhokka.  Subol notices Sarol is slighting dinglar chhokka — oh where are hamburger, pasta, pizza, roll, chow and where is chhokka!  He says: Babu you’re big shots indeed.  I know these foods are trifle for you.  But at this dead night here nothing more could not be found.
....  Somidh knows very well that Sarol is the dearly son of the rich — he won’t like these food.  Besides his mental format is not compatible to greet this type of hardy circumstances.  He is an affluent lubber youth ailing from affluenza.  May be he has come here for some adventure,  now he finds it so much hard / it’s waste of time, absurd sadventure to a bon vivant like him.  Better he should not have come here.  But Somidh explains to Subol just the opposite: He’s just a lad, hasn’t the habit to walk this much / then the mahua dose was also strong / he is tipsy / so he has no urge to eat. Your cooking of food is very delicious.  Besides it’s enough for us that you’ve been able to arrange this much for us at this hour of night.
....  Protit too dittoes the same line to explain to them.  Then he reminds Somidh: We may require these artistes later.
== Yes, we may.  But later on.  If we need them later  then Chatur knows their whereabouts.  Then we might ask Chatur.  Isn’t it Chatur?
== Yes, whenever you’ll ask, big bro.  Again they will perform here on the last of the month of Chaitra fair.  Then you come.  It will be great fun.  Chatur relishes the hodgepodge  of sweet gourd item—dinglaar chhokka  very much:
Oh what a high class Chhokka / he has cooked really / So sweet / So pungent so hot / Really really really really / Dinglaa’s chhokka!
He has neatly licked every grain of food in his leaf.  Others have residue of some food in their leafs for which the dogs are at daggers drawn over the right to grab.  The very cost price Subols took for the food makes them ashamed.
....  During their incoming journey to Naarkoli, being introxicated in mahua and mopped up with songs they did not care how long is the way.  But on the returnal journey / staggering with the bruised feet in the new shoes / Sarol being unable to keep pace with others, lags behind again and again / scarred he limps to them to cover up.  Besides in the lonely night / on the dusted road / fogs up / the air is coldened.  Now Sarol in very thin white pajama kurta, feels chill.  He is going with hands crossed over his chest to guard against the chill.  Chatur hums the strains of the ballad.  In everybody’s mind the full or scrapped versions of the lines of the tunes brewing and cooing.
( ….. O my blossoming youth  drains in vain).
Then abruptly a flopping sound.  They transturn back to discover Sarol dropped on the ground being stumbled.
(…At the beginning of love so many woos you cooed…).
Protit extends his hands to lift him up, asks: You ok?
....  There goes on chain reaction within so long contamed Sarol’s mind in high turmoil. {Whence the Question arises: What is called chain reaction?
A: = From the Wanderer’s Wordrobes  it is known that in that part of the eternal times, the reactions during the time of dividing the atoms were called chain reactions.  Being hit by neutron at the center of one isotope U 235 of Uranium,  the atom was divided generating huge energy and producing neutron particles — which again by one after another more and more central division generated enormous atomic power during the division of uranium atoms — which calleth chain reaction.  In this way the atomic energy found in each gram uranium wast 1.81 × 10¹º calorie  and in each lb about 9 ×  10¹² calorie ==> which produceth enormous holocaust.
....  Here in this case, because of long debate with Somidh in the morning  ×  wound in the feet  ×  reluctant hectic walking on long roads with the sprained feet ×  lack of sufficient sleep in time  ×  chill feel ×   absence of preferred foods  ×  introxication of mahua  +  smack of ganja  ×  above all non meeting with Lipi….× all these causes multiplied = chain reaction one after another really.  Really really really really…So jaded and acerb now Sarol’s selfurnace lambursts into selfire in chain reactions: What’s your concern?  I have wound in feet, have no warm clothes,  my body is turning to  Bay of Bengal in chill — still how many more miles to plod who knows?
(I couldn’t swap the garland you haven’t been mine...)
....  Now Protit is infused upon Sarol for his tantrum.  But in front of all he is aplomb.  So that any wrong signal is aired to these good Samaritan friends Subol and Chatur, Somidh tries to diffuse and balm => He isn’t habituated to walk such a long way,  he is used to go by car.  then that wound in feet. brought no warm clothes here.  chill.  so feeling uneasy.  how far the rest house is?
Subol solaces => Not very far away younger bro.  Just near after crossing the meadow—
....  Sarol looks at Protit in scare.  As he is well versed with the rage of Protit.  But menternally he isn’t convinced on Subol’s promystic words.  Because he is well aware with the fact that
If a ruralite looks a distance as near
a citizen doutlooks it must be far

....  A meadow must be how many meadows, who knows?  But here it is proved Subol is right.  In no time they land at the rest house.
(.. Oh hey Laalmohan /  be not flawer touching the early bud of kadam..)
....  Washing hands and feet in the river Somidh gives Sarol an antiseptic bum for attrition on his scar.  Everyone rests his body lying on the space meant for their dumpage in the floor mat >> beside sleepy Adhir and his co laborers.
(..I’ll gift you buddy kadam in time / I won’t forbid you..)
....  Deep sleep doesn’t delay to grasp them.  But sitting beside the sleeping alive corpses in the floor-crossing moontage light, jaded Sarol is rubbing pain balm on his wounds. rubbing. rubbing. rubbing. rubbing. rubbing. rubbing. rubbing. rubbing rubbing. rubbing rubbing.  His wounds. burning. burning & burning. in the dark he can’t exactly preconcile if the burn is externally in his body?  or menternally in mind?  only burning. burning & burning. burning & burning & burning & burning.
(..I won’t love again honey, my mind is sullen…)
....  Rubbing and rubbing the pain balm at a time when he dips in sleep in vertigo with a heavy heartigo, lying beside a snorer, whom he can’t see in blindense darkness nor can he dreamember anything more….

Row Peacock Boat On Dream Stream

....  {Thence within his sleep Sarol will envision?

....  Scene: shooting location as of movies.  Inspecting the nitty gritty of light—camera—sound and everything ok as per his choice, Somidh’s call:  ACTION !

....  All of them—he, Protit, Lipi, Somidh, Swaha and the intermittently coughing Shrota wavering on the unending meadowy path.  On the dreamystic distant horizon fading hillocks and lake.  Sarol is limping a bit.  He has little scar for wearing new shoes. Thereforth he canst walk at ease anymore.}
Cut to

Sarol:  how far more should we go?  I can’t walk further.
Protit:  (riled) why did you come if u can’t walk?  Now should we walk taking u on our shoulder?
Lipi:  Oh what a mess?  If you can’t walk how would you dance in disco, Mr. Tomfool? hi hi hi hi …  (Lipi’s teasing infuriates Sarol.)
Shrota :  (coughing)  Ok u sit to take a break.
  Coughing  &  coughing.
Somidh :  Ok.  We’re waiting for you a while. (He looks thru camera standing in a place and now and then emits director’s signals by his hands.  And others scattereth hither and thither on both the sides of the road.)
Cut to

....  {In this set up appeareth a cyclist pushing his cycle with one hand and holding a big billy goat sitting on the carrier at the rear.  The beard of the billy goat is wavering in the wind.  A clown cap clingeth to the horns of the big goat. The goat is cool even being a scapegoat. May be s/he doesn't know as s/he is a goat. Or as s/he doesn't know so s/he is a goat}
Lipi:  eureka. Lift up the Tomfool to ride on the billy goat.  Then he won’t have to walk.
Cut to

....  {Everybody excepting Sarol supporteth this propo delightfully.  And with enthu lifteth up Sarol to ride on billy goat’s back.  The goat’s cap is fitted in Sarol’s head.}
Cut to

....  {The goat carrieth Sarol and plods on.  Everybody moveth on.  Abruptly it is viewed that a large peacock-winged boat drifting down from the sky is floating on the lake and cruising toward them.  Subol and Chatur are the sailors of the vessel.  they don in lungi.  Hawaii sandals.  Sleeveless Sando vests.  black complexioned.  red thin napkins tied to their waistland like belts.  eye-goggles  \o-o/ 
They welcometh everybody to the boat.}
Cut to

....  {Everybody is pleased to see that well-known dance group of Hullor discotheque has been branched to this charming luxurious boat from Kolkata.  Thence the dark descendeth on the boat that is now aptly lighted and delighted.
The dance floor on the deck.  bamboo structure.  A higher edition of the type of a trellis made of bamboo and dry twigs for creeping up bottle gourds and basil creeper. Under the trellis daylights hanging like bottle gourds. There wearing only bikini type waistband made of gold coins and bra made of paper notes only, blond danseuse Naachni’s  Khemti dance is in progress.}
Cut to

Naachni: For my wretched fate I got only pretense / For my wretched fate we could not tie knot / I could not swap the garland / You have not been mine…
....  {Accompanying the danseur, Chatur hanging drum around his neck playeth the rhythm with wild gibberish sounds and prehistoric looks.}
Chatur: …ah-ha/ aa-aa/ ah-ha / aa- aa…
{Again at times abruptly sitting on the ground and at times jumping up with his drum encircling the stage he captivateth the audience}.
Chatur: hie—hurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr……….
Dha kita dha kita | dhag dhadha kita | dha tina dha tina | dhene gene
Ta  kita  ta  kita  |  tak  tata  kita   |  taa  dhina  ta  dhina  |  tene  kene
Cut to

....  {On the dance floor beneath the trellis all souls advance with Sarol on billi goat’s back and begin to dance in a trance surrounding him. Somidh on shooting spree. Sarol picking up a 10 buck note from his chest pocket and tries to pin it up on the paper-bra over the panoramic breasts of the dancer Naachni, whilst censoring Lipi snatcheth it form his hands and continueth her revelry encircling him and singing.}
Lipi:  Nincompoop  lamb ah
.............Hip hop  samba
.....Goatee grumble  hum-bah
Cut to

{Now the bewildered billi goat growls:}
Billi goat:  Bah-ah-ah………
Cut to

Somidh: (signaling hand) — CUT—
 —  PACK UP—


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.17
Chapter 17: Wayout Times


Corpses Carry Corpses

Day fades night  s-p-r-e-a-d-s
we await again  when dawns the dawn

Seeing the rising sun
sometimes we wonder
but hardly ponder
dawning means 1 step forward to death

As death tolls your corpse is carried
alas, by the future corpses!
Corpses cry and flower the coffin
[ ((())) (()) ]

....  What is known as day in the world / is in fact darkness of ignorance, as said in the Gita. Another day debited from the span of life.
Next day.  Before the eternal returnal sunray becomes hardcore, the troika returns to hostel.  No it is mistaken.  How their returnity can count?  What happened before the return?
Rewind

....  Before that previous shot<=  They walking in the morning sun on the road of embankment for a long time.  Sarol a bit slower.  He is often a listener.  Because of bruises in his feet and heartifact.  This road is turned drab and dismal long way to him after passing last several times up and down this road.
Rewind

....  Previous shot <= They are ferrying the river on the ferrier boat of Subol and Chatur.
Chatur => Will you stay here tonight?  Then shall we bring the pure stuff for tonight too?
Protit => Oh sure.  We’re returning in the evening.  We’ll dinner here together. We’ll host. You arrange for Subol, you, Adhir and us.
Subol =>: Everything will be arranged.  Done if we order rice and chicken at the big sis’s shop.  But you come before the last evening ferry.  Otherwise we can’t cross over to the other side.
Protit.=> Okay ok, we’d come before.
Rewind

....  Previous shot <= They are for breakfast over puffed rice muri and fried chop with tea at the big sis’s shop on the other side before ferrying, and hearing the womaniac worldy talks by big sis.
Rewind

....  Previous shot.<= The trio reluctantly wakes up by the infiltrating rays of the morning sun on their eyes through the window and preparing to return to their hostel.  Because after the lunch there, they intend to be back here for the night stay.  Subol Chatur Adhir and others have already gone out on their business.
Fast forward

....  Before the eternal returnal sunray becomes hardcore, the troika returns to hostel. 

Sleep Placid As Others Sleep
....  Sarol is depressed over the information of Lipis.  They have not yet returned from Ranibandh.  Their door locked.  So what can be done?  home bath no river bath.  Provu’s bland hodgepodge.  If they fall into nap at noon they fear they won’t be able to reach the confluence in the evening before time. In that case they won’t be able to ferry onto the other side and stay at the forest rest house at night.  So deciding not to sleep they fall into sleep in deep weariness.  Napster Sarol starts snoring. but snoring is contagious.  its provement on the others takes place in no time ......
The last rays of sun peep on their eyes thru the ventilator to wake up Somidh. Unliding eyes he sees the green hillocks on one side.  And the other side draws him to the gray wide watery ornaments of the river.

Fear Hides Within Fear
....  Haphazard thoughts inkhorn in the confluence of his mind when on reverse lookup abruptly he premembers their Road Map of reaching the confluence before the evening!  Whatta mess!  This irreparable late is due to their sleep being over jaded.  Still the fear of late propels them to just somehow changing their wears and start shouldering the sack hurriedly.  If they don’t collect some dry food from the shop, there it will not be available.  but lack of time. it could not be taken. again that road. the fear of being late haunting them. that same embankment. In the pleasure of being atouched to their companions which was dulcet to them before, now today it is merely ordinary drab colorless rhythmless and nonpleasant picture to them. + Fear of missing the ferry.
Fear. Fear Hides Within Fear. Somidh ponders the bushy fearie yonder tree.  Seeing which that night Shrota was afraid of spirit.  He was amused to scare her.  But was Shrota really eerie of spirits?  Or she feigned to be scared of spirit to enjoy his company that time? Whatever, the tree was in a central role that night, when he could not see the tree hidden in the dark mingled with other trees, sans its illuminations by thousands of flickering fire flies, which  flashes his mind now for a while:

....  They walk past the ghost tree.  Now it looks simply a big tree. Of course the mystory of the tree is unsniffed by Protit and Sarol. Long way to cover even after crossing the tree. the trio walksters.  talkless. moving. talk killer in brain is active.

Free River~~~~Closed Ferrier
....  Racing with the synergetic brain is  their fast walking in ventre a terre.  Yet when they finally reach the square of the confluence, before that the moondom is already established.  Then no electricity there.  Hurrying down to the ferry ghat they find none on the blank bank.  On the hazy background on the other side they yonder none.  Only lavish moonlight.  They shout:
Cha—tuuuuuuuuuuuu—rrrrrr ……
Su—booooooooooooo—lllllllll…….
....  But their forceful shouts rebound to them stoutly.  They are up again on the road leaving the bank of the river.  There is none visible on the road nearby.  But they yonder some dots of feeble fire of smoking biri around a flame of kerosene lamp. That is the only slim source of light there emitting from the coolie den of Jaadu, the gang-leader, who is sitting there encircled by the coolies and kamins.  Among them the presence of some young beautrap kamins like that of day before yesterday attract Sarol, but he has to remain quiet.  Like that evening he has no chance today to hobnob and sing and dance with them. Because there is going on the important accounting of their payment of that day.  So they are not at all welcome there.  Protit asks to be informed that the last ferry has gone back. So Chatur and Subol have evaporated with the ferry. For them which wayout is the best to tread now? Link as you think / click as you seek to tick.
[] 1. To return to the Abas hostel.
[] 2. To try cross the river to stay at the forest house.
[] 3. To try stay at this spot somewhere.
[] 4. None of the above.
....  Sarol vetoes the question of going back to Abas: Even if we walk back to the hostel when we reach dinner will be over there, we have to starve.  Besides we have said that we won’t return tonight, so Provu will be out and we’ll have to stay out of the room for not getting the key from Provu.  Moreover my wound of feet is not cured in spite of rubbing the balm.  So if I can’t rest tonight I won’t be able to walk further.  Sarol’s crude answer.
== And the ferry is closed.  Subol & Chatur vanished.  So trying cross the river to stay at the forest house is irrelevant.  Protit’s addition.
Only the #3 option is open.  So # 4 is quashed.  So in accordance action >>>
== Hello, hearing?  We were to stay at night at Subol and Chatur’s place, but we’re late to reach here so they’ve gone.  So can we stay here at this shack with the coolies just for tonight?  We would pay the charge, if any?  Protit’s request to Jaadu, the gang-leader.
Jaadu Mahato does not respond.  He is engrossed into his accountancy.
Sarol again puts the same question.
Jaadu Mahato does not respond.  He is engrossed into his accountancy.
Somidh again puts the same question.
Jaadu Mahato does not respond.  He is engrossed into his accountancy.
....  He does not commit any yes or no.  They perceive his no response = NO.  Yet Jaadu wants not to be unpopular saying no bluntly.  Again saying yes he wants not to make this coolie shack a soft target for any plausible impending danger from the outsiders giving them shelter.  Where there always he has to maintain a contingency monetary fund for the work in progress and to pay the coolies.  Especially when they are not thieves or robbers or terrorists or with them there are no contraband items like drugs or arms or ammo—where is the guarantee to Jaadu?  So only remaining mute and uninviting,  how nicely Jaadu scuttles his own probable problem,  brushing out their alternative to stay here—assuming this Somidh can not but appreciate him menternally.

Buddha We Sell  Also War We Sell
.... At this point Somidh remembers the similarity of solving a problem by Jaadu Mahato, simply by doing nothing tactics, also followed by Ronit Mishra a.k.a. Ronyda, a massmeric leader of the Progressive Party, their local representative of the lawmaking house.  Somidh has intimacy with Ronyda from his childhood.  So he uses to hang out to Ronyda’s office at his locality whenever it is not crowded, just to chat, that is adda.
....  One day they were engulfed into the adda  when 1 aunty came to complain Ronyda against a few persons in details ---------
and in fine she asked him =>: Well Rony, what do u think about this problem?  Will you do anything to address this to redress?
Ronyda pacifies => Don’t worry.  You come after 3 months.  Let me see what I can do.
The aunty being halfhappy just leaving,  when enter a trade union worker affiliated to his party.  He complains of various problems of the union and prays for his solutions as the leader in this case ---------
Ronyda’s excuse => You know now several party workers’ workshops are in operation. Then the annual plenum is impending.  For which I’ve to remain engaged all the time. But don’t worry.  You come after 3 months.  Let me see what I can do.
....  When the complainants are gone Somidh is curious =>: Well Ronyda, you take time from them to solve the prob for them,  but how will you solve these 3 naught 3 problems within this time?
== I won’t do anything.  Time is a great healer.  Time shall solveth anything automatically.  Ronyda responds.  How?  You see I was informed by my secret sources beforehand that they are coming to me and for solution of which problems.  The long time I’ve taken from them within that time they themselves will solve their own problems by fighting among themselves or by negotiation or they will stomach mutely or hope for the best time to come.  And if there is fighting, the cops will intrafere. There I shall openly sermon the gospel of thomas on our struggle for justice, peace, secularism and for all the sucked oppressed and depressed peoples of the world and against the imperialism & terrorism and surreptitiously tell the cops to take such action only, which will profit me, and my party—  which in turn will earn them extra bucks and promotion for the officers concerned.  And in the meantime if I’m informed that the problem is going to be solved then I’ll go there as a mediator to show publicly that the prob has been solved only through my mediation,  and our open and / or whispering campaign to that effect will follow  so that my number of votes in that pocket increases in the election.
== But if instead of solution there occurs fighting and killing  or if any side goes to court?
== The better.  Whoever is killed we shall show him / her as our party enthusiast and erect a pillar of memorial on the road,  call a total bandh strike in the area against our opposition party.  And if any side files a suite, then it will take at least 10-20-30 years even more time to get the final verdict from local, district, provincial or highest courts. Till that time we have nothing to worry.  Because we can show the matter as sub judice.  So nothing can be done now.
== Eh, won’t take so long time to get the verdict?
== Which country do u live in?  You keep no info. How much can I teach u?  To tell u means to plant tree in a desert.  No yield.  Your climate will not ingest all these.  Isn’t it? I said when the verdict will be delivered till that time  may be our party is not in power or  may be some or all of the suitors and defenders and me also been transferred to the above court waiting for the supreme verdict of the Lord.
== But in principle you are to help them?  Aren’t you peoples’ representative? Somidh pokes.
....  Ronida now opens his Pandora’s box of funda => 
If you see only
virtue & vice  black & white
how will you appreciate the rainbow of life
is good or bad outright?

....  This ain’t your trifle snapshot or drawing, understand?  Does your acting tacting drama trauma art tart tucks some bucks? (Remaining mute in disappointment for a while slowly)  Politricks is a big thing.  Not that a few times I did consider you to induct into politricks.  Unemployed youth.  If you can enter into it you can earn so much fast bucks, sufficient for your living.  But later I abandoned the idea as your IQ = 0.  If we have a few edgeless tomfool cadres like you in our party, our party will surely disband.  And as you are a nincompoop, you couldn’t do anything till now.  Thou fathead, principles of politics and the principles or policies of the leaders of the country or state or province = policics or politricks, art today different.  In politricks thou art to stab even the friend who is beneficial to thee,  lest he dangerously outsmarts thee in future.  Hither is nothing such as permanent friend or foe.  Today’s friend is tomorrow’s frenemy.  Yesterday’s enemy is today’s friend.  Enemy of enemy is my friend.  Enemy’s friend is my enemy.  Thither thou art to somersault frequently, citing principle.  but in reality not at all sticking to the principle, with the change of situation and strategy.  Whence thy ideal totem is not tiger lion or elephant, but chameleon—which canst change color frequently. The difference is:
Changes color the chameleon
not for politics or  fashion
but for survival

....  And thy ideal symbol of transport is boat with sail  that canst change the course of way according to the whimsical wind.  Thence thou don’t doeth even by mistake what thou sayeth.  Don’t sayeth beforehand what thou will do.  Art thither still any trace of the idealistic politics of Garibaldi, Lincoln, Gandhi, Netaji?  Lecturing he dips in mute musing.  What he thinks to say something more, but his language doesn’t express it to outside is:
Buddha We Sell  Also War We Sell

(~!~)
Sibs of peace,  Buddha we sell  also war we sell
We adore fairytales’ flying horseback Sivaji
In our talk Gandhiji  in our head Tagoreji
In our word Marxji  in our heart Netaji
In our mind Hitlerji  in our work allergy
Sibs of peace,  Buddha we sell  also war we sell

Virtually this time even a dumb has foe
One can’t keep mum  yet voicing invites danger
Protest is a costly recklessness
And to remain mute = naked consenting wolves
Now mantra is do don’t say, say don’t do in lethargy
We adore fairytales’ flying horseback Sivaji
In our talk Gandhiji  in our head Tagoreji
In our word Marxji  in our heart Netaji
In our mind Hitlerji  in our work allergy
Sibs of peace,  Buddha we sell  also war we sell

In stark dark pecked star apples splinter under trees
In Siam myriad discerning bats fly in Prachin Buri sky
wising untoxic Neanderthal frutile taste genetically
Only unwitting how far is their coveted total dark
after how many naked nukes tsunami quakes?
In need sharp homo sapiens knead dough in sputum
Assured grave holed by self-dug enervation
Aside slump if fierce arrows ==> sting each step
peril destocks food + fuel + ammo
feigning frenemy backstabs in coup de main
menaces don’t deter to win alien trove in synergy
We adore fairytales’ flying horseback Sivaji
In our talk Gandhiji  in our head Tagoreji
In our word Marxji  in our heart Netaji
In our mind Hitlerji  in our work allergy
Sibs of peace,  Buddha we sell  also war we sell

....  Remaining menternal for some time…..Ronyda backs to his current tracks => In politics Midh, you know our original guru of all Mr Chanakya said you say but don’t do & do but don’t say / Do for your own self or for your own kin / but show it is for the sake of country for the sake of public.
== Did he? I doubt. But there should be a political philosophy—Capitalism, Marxism, Subhasism, Gandhism, Maoism —
== Oh certainly.  Otherwise why should people eat us?  That we must utter mutter chatter and swear while lecturing.  But in reality our philosophy is Propertunism. Because =>
Like a monkey when
jumping yet not missing the branch
only then you can convert your opportunity
into propertunity to burgeon

— that means like a monkey you jump everywhere  in search of improper or proper opportunity—yet not miss to achieve your goal to serve yourself—your main mantra should be  to crave more wealth for your self—your hidden agenda—grab more money honey for yourself  to save the country. In other words just a catchy oneliner => 
Grab money save the country
== But Chanakya spake such I haven’t heard.
== That’s it.  He must have said such as that.  You don’t read anything / Only tread aimlessly.  Just read Arthashastra by Kautilya.  You’d get it there.  What was our etude?
== Regarding prob of Aunty.
== Oh yes.  See, if we are to act according to law and justice, her cause is really right and genuine.  So we should do that.
== So why not doing it?  To benefit her and settle the score?
== Are you gonna insane? Don’t you know?
The promise of an acting leader
is not for keeping but for skipping

== Acting!
== Oh, when Shakespeare says of acting, all admire, when we the leaders act, we’re vilified.  What we were talking about?
== Aunties’ prob.
== Yea, o thou insaniac, ending a problem is also a problem.
== Oh father how is that?
== If all the misc. problems like poverty bad education, illiteracy, unemployment, health stealth global warming terrorism ferrorism …… are solved outright, then what we—the middlemen (read touts), who make wealth cashing out of these problems,  shall we eat?  We’ll surely be unemployed. Over and above those who are facing these problems — when these will be solved they will be marooned into other problems.  Don’t you look at what haps in rich countries?  Now if the issue of disarmament is solved the arms dealers will be out of sync.  What they will eat?  So let people die / Let the radioactive ashes fly.  Let country or continent burn.  Let there be war — of course war for peace.  war for virtue  against vice.  We don’t want war we want peace.  We want war for peace.  We want struggle struggle struggle.  Struggle to live …… And if the global warming or disarmament are today amicably settled then shall the problems end forever? …Then there might be other problems like global worming or armament in firmament …… Is problem of yours alone?  In reality problem is like sea waves.  Other waves lash one after another before the one wave subsides … then other waves …then others…Is there any end of waves of problems … 
One may want or not at all
Waves will rise and fall


Vote Bank Of India
== But I can’t understand what’s your profit keeping the problem alive?  Somidh feigns to become amazed.
== This much u can’t understand?  You’re just a ninny. poop.  fathead.  Ok do you understand Vottikabyam?
== That I’ve heard some ancient Sanskrit tongue script epic topic written by poet Vatti.
== Ash, trash you’ve understood!  Not ancient Sanskrit — how to win a vote mechanism in modern times — it is that epic.  Understand?
Somidh seems to stare at him bewildered.
== Really Midh, unlearned like you — 
== But if the countryful people unlearned like me don’t exist, then how the learned clever and wise great leaders —  like you should reign?  Somidh continues pumping him messaging his ego.
....  Ronyda is pleased => That u say isn’t bad.  Yea, Vottikabyam is simply mathematics. Mathematics of vote.  That if you say it in your Bangla is  vote + mathematics = Votamatics.  Now clear?
== Like crystal.  But how votamatics work?  Is it for eating or for rubbing?
== A simple sum will make this votamatics also clear to you.  Suppose now according to justice I solve this problem in favor of aunty.  In this case at best I get all the 5 votes from aunt’s house.  But how many votes I lose?
== How many?
== How will you know how many? The leader is like a mirror.
The mirror shows in front everything
Doesn’t show behind self or anything

....  Those who are grabbing aunt’s land by leaps and bounds, are the people from the adjoining locality — they are my pocket voters.  At least I have 5 thousand voters there + who are my party supporters + from whom I get cadre before election + get cars + subscriptions + gifts.  I’m the president of their club.  I inaugurate cutting ribbons of all their functions. Shani, Shitala, Eid, Iftar in each committee we have fitted our partymen.  I don’t wanna cite publicly all my other humble gains and income from them.  So if I settle the score in favor of aunty, then in the next election from that single pocket only 5000 — 5 = 4495 votes will be cast against me.  There are so many pockets like this.  There are so many problems in those pockets.  So how can I go on losing my head over the flimsy issue of a single pocket?  if I have to show justice and morality in all the pockets, then the trade of my trade unionism and peoples’ representative will be bankrupt.  if I lose the election not only I am dwindled, it is the party’s loss that means it is country’s loss.  So in the greater interest of the people and in the interest of the country, the trifle interest of aunty must be sacrificed.  Because if there is party I am there.  If there is no party I am nowhere.  As interest of the country or of the people aren’t greater than the party.  The party is above all.  The party is almighty god.  I can lose everything my money riches wife children everything.  But I can’t lose vote by any means.  Because if I lose everything but win in election—then also I can regain everything.  But if you lose in the election, and if have everything else,  still you have nothing nobody will stay beside you. 
You are right if you win the fight
You are wrong if you lose outright

....  Nowadays can you name which is the biggest bank of the country?
== Yea. Reserve Bank of India.
Ronyda negates by swaying head.
== No?  Then State Bank of India?
== Ash, trash u know.  The largest bank in our country currently is 
Vote Bank of India.
== But what will you tell when the Aunty will come?
== Next time I'd say very busy now, come after some days. then say why so haste?  it’s on process.  then say ok I’m seeing, let me investigate and verify.  after that say I’ve told the cops to take action.  why they aren’t taking let me ask them again.  This way if I turn her around for several times, aunty will stop coming to me and I hope my guys can encroach her whole plot of land within that time.  And we shall overcome someday to construct a party office on that plot.  If aunty protests we can say it is for your security we’re keeping our office here — our cadres’ll keep a close vigilant eye so that the vested interests can’t inflict more harm to u.  And ward off the cops not to come to this side go elsewhere;  you accommodate me in my craft / I’ll see your favorable transfer promotion and graft.
== And if Aunty goes to the court?
== That I’ve told you earlier.  Will tell her as you’ve gone to the court we couldn’t do anything in this sub judice matter.  However, you continue the fight, we’re behind you to support.  And if aunty gets the verdict in her favor at an early date, then publicizing the verdict as a victory of the struggle of our party in her support, we will organize a procession bursting crackers, distributing sweets on the road sprinkling and smearing colored aabir powder to celebrate OUR victory.  And on whom the power is vested to implement the judgment, those peacekeeping forces will be warded off not to activate the court order / for the sake of maintaining peace communal harmony and order.
== But should this be done?
== Oh, here cometh the moral police!  Hey insaniac, if you sincerely work to eradicate the problems and development of your area and do many honest works, then also are you sure to win the election — if you don’t have done the votamatic calculation beforehand correctly?
== Won’t be able?
== Not at all.  Rather if you know the right votamatic sums and can lecture ample false promises credibly without doing any work for the constituency, your win is certain.
== That way u may win once but not again and again.
== Oh ass, if u can win once and if you are not shy but sly and proactive, what you can earn via backdoor will be sufficient for your next 2 generations to spend maintaining their lavish livelihood.  Of course if you wanna make assured arrangement of maintaining the lavish livelihood for your more 12 generations, that means for your 2 + 12 =14 generations beforehand from now—then you must know ahead and apply properly the higher votamatics or poll pollitricks.
== Interesting, continue.
== Yes, it is interesting indeed as u knowing all this for free. Otherwise you had to know it from the political consultants dishing out a lump sum fee. However if you were a man of my line or my contender or a clever guy who could have the capacity to misutilize it, I won’t have divulged you this scoop.
== Okk, take a smoke.  Somidh gives a cigarette and lights it.
== Only cigarette?  Leave it, with you I don’t have any give n’ take relationship, so I’m disclosing.  Have you seen this pen stand?  No mod pen — instead here are feather pens.  Of various colors.  For the use in different purposes different concerns different interests.
== But feather pens are obsolete nowadays.
== That’s a silly mistake.  You’re presuming what’s the utility of keeping feather pens today?  Double action.  You know?
== 1 meaning must be writing.
== Writing but writing in different color for having different impliance.  If I write a letter recommending somebody (as if any person wants me to recommend him/her, I can’t say no bluntly to lose my vote) in light ink, that has been already indicated beforehand to its recipient that take this recommendation lightly, don’t give any importance to it.  writing in red ink implicates — danger.  reluctantly i have to recommend, intracept it by red tape.  writing in black ink indicates if you act in accordance with this recommendation your future is bleak like black, so don’t spoil your own broth.  writing in blue ink hints the bearer of this letter is a fish of great depth in the blue sea, so think deeply before you act.  only writing in green is the green signal — which is today very rarely used.  So you’ll find in each green pen the green ink is almost dried up due to it’s seldom use.  'cause we can’t stand the cadaverous green color or greenguy  we see red  we don’t wanna see green & go green. for that reason we've almost deforested the greens allover the world.
== But the other meaning of double action?  Somidh resets him on the right track.
== The other implication is that the difference of these pens are the symbol of tickling and ego massaging of the different type of people in different mode and mood.  One feather is for tickling one type of people.  Another for another.
== One type of tickling means?
== That means some feather is for tickling caste and creed,  some feather is for tickling language,  some feather tickles advancement of infreestructure and better services,  tickling of reservation on caste and religion and sex,  tickling of subsidy,  tickling of strike & barricade & road-block,  tickling of employment for youth,  tickling of development, tickling of political and religious terrorianism… Thus determining the different type of average menternality + pollitricks of the different areas and showering rains of credible fake promises on people at random + and posing the interest of the party as the need of the nation + thereby channeling their streams of latent emotions opening the lock gate of the voting machine translated into the candidates' own favor,  is the work of a really able leader like leader.
== That means according to you, tickling the fractions of people’s (read voters’) stark emotions = premotions are far more important than logic and doing good work for the general people ?
== That’s like it; at least in most cases. 
== It has been happening for all along in the past?  Or it’s the trend of nowadays?
== It has been happening since olden goldentimes,  it is happening  and shall continue to happen.
== Later works can’t be proved now,  only we can hyposuppose.  But can you cite me such occured in the past?
== Why not? Just remember the trial of Socrates.  In that tribunal of 500 citizens 280 voted against him being chased by futile egotic emotion. while 220 favored him.  By this slender majority, they had awarded death penalty to him who was described as ‘the wisest, the gentlest, and the best’ ‘of all the men of his time’ by his disciple Plato.  Because he had logically outsmarted his complainants, interrogating all their irrational egoistic allegations against him.
== Many years ago the Chinese philosopher Lao-Tzu said — by doing nothing, one wins the world—that sounds true in this case?
== Quite correct.  What name you uttered?  Chinese prophet?  Rightly said.  Must have been a deity.  But bro, I won’t deny — all the wayout I’ve learned practically from my direct guru  Romnis Pundit.
== Amazing!  Here also Omni Pundit? So, like the Little Buddha, you’re a Little Omni Pundit I see! But I’ve heard he is against any negative unethical or improper way to rob the people! 
== Oh, yes. But do you know he is a follower of the philosophy of interaction between yes and no— positively negative or negatively positive Chetanavyasism? True he hadn’t said me to do this kind of things and he will thrash me if he hears all my activities now— but everything depends upon how you can interprete and manipulate any positive way to gain from it by negatively using it. Ramakrishna Paramhansa said, money is soil, soil is money. Then did he ask the landshark promoters to grab land by employing supari killers? But the land developers of today knowingly or unknowingly operate on this mantra. This is politricks; you understand jackass!  U know Omni Pundit?  Omniscient man.  A living paracyclopedia.  Meet him at his Bangasudha’s theque.  You will be fecund.  You will get some fruitile wayout there.
....  And Ronyda salutes his guru touching temple raising his hand.


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.18

Chapter 18: Oblivious Times


Back to the Harsh Ground

....  Returning from the menternal tour to the stark ground reality, Somidh compares to find out….in this case also Jaadu Mahato like Ronyda, has successfully won something simply by doing nothing.  Jaadu silently has steamrolled their expectation.  But they are helpless.  here is no locality so that they can ask for help.  Sarol is scared and frustrated == What will you do now?
== You see the world is bigger.  There are more people besides Jaadu.  Some good or bad arrangement must happen.  If it cannot be done at all, at the worst we shall have to trudge back to the Abas hostel — nothing worst than this can hap.  Lets turn a bit backwards, he maps.  When we came I remember we saw some fisherman’s hut,  Somidh wanting not to relent before trying out the piss aller.
....  Backward marching its seen yes. there’s a fragile thatched hut.  Dark.  It seems nobody is in there.  Yet a simmering ray of hope.  Entering into it on their people search, 2 guys are traced.  One snoozing in the date leaf sewn mat on the ground. Wearing a lungi.  Bare upper body.  The other in white dhoti & kurta.  Sitting at the alter beneath the tree in clear moondom.  His long curled hair & beard perfectly match with the dark.  He is awake.  ‘cause in his eyes glitters moon.  Protit advances to request the mute somber image => Hi, you see we’re lurched as the last ferry’s gone.  Will you let us stay here for this night only?
The somber image is mute.
After a while Sarol again urges the same request.
The somber image is mute.
....  Then Somidh proceeds with his piss aller =>: Ok let me explain. He places their problem in brief then adds — see  if you don’t respond or don’t shelter us now then as here’s no other locality so we’ll have to trudge back so long to our hostel at Abas in this dark. and he has a wound—still plodding so long way back there we’ll find the caretaker. we won’t get the key. won’t be able to enter our room. so we’ll have to spend the night at outside. sleeplessly. and in the morning again we’ll have to come here to ferry across the river.  so if you kindly — 
== But we don’t even have any even date leaf mat to lie. You are bon ton townie men.  Will you be able—?  The somber Udas Bairagi responds.
== O rest assured.  You’re giving shelter to such people whom you donno at all—who else gives that?  For that many thanks.  We live in city no doubt.  But what is meant by typical townie folks we ain’t just like that.  We can share such inconvenience.
Protit also assures =>: That we’ll manage.  This place adjacent to the river is wonderful.
Bairagi’s call wakes up the napster—the napping man matched with the dark, appears tacitly.
== Poolin, show them the room.
....  Poolin lights up the kerosene lamp,  the feeble uncertain flame being endangered by the hijacking fickle wind of river  recurrently.  a small stark dark dismal room. smell of mud hut.  thatched roof.  a torn off corded single cot.  a destructured fractured chair waiting to be dismantled.  one handle is broken.  somehow sustaining to stand yet.  but it is better to get something instead of nothing.  Sarol is very upset seeing the depleted condition of room: How to sleep here?  no space to sit and lie down.
== First class 5* lodging.  Protit propines.  Keeping the sacks there at least they are free from the load.  Poolin slips to sleep.
....  Sarol grumbles => Due to waking up late in afternoon, no dry food could be shopped for here.  now  we have to starve whole night.  will you request them if any food can be arranged?
== That means when you gotta sleep you wanna eat?  Of course all will suffer—not only you.  Well, let me plead once if it can be done.
Somidh petitions to Udas Bairagi => It’s great you’ve kindly given us shelter.  But at the time of coming here we couldn’t bring with us any foodstuff in haste. (He lights up a cigarette and gives one to Bairagi for smoking) — and here we noticed no shop.  So it seems we gotta starve at night.  Your cooking and dinner for tonight has finished?  If not done can you arrange something for us with you?  We’d pay the expenses for that.
== We can’t afford to cook at night, babu.  After our duty of fishing is over we simply boil rice with gruel just for once to eat before the end of the day.  And lie down to sleep so that hunger is suppressed at night.  We were not born with the fate to eat 2 meals a day, babu.  But today if it happens in honor of you we’d also get.  Poolin—?
== Excepting rice there’s nothing big bro, Poolin cautions.
== Ok, there’s water in the river?  Somidh shrugs off.
== Yes there’s.
== Fire’s there?.
== That too is here.  But the wood for fire is scarce.  Let me see.
....  They also follow Poolin to the forsaken backyard of the hut.  Somber.  mud room.  Through the holes of the straw roof the moon and stars peeping inside.  Poolin cautions => Don’t enter in the room,  creepers are there.
== Creeper? What’s that?  Sarol’s query.
== Goddess Ma Mansha, their names not to be uttered at night, babu.
Protit watches holes everywhere on the mud floor of the room in flashlight.
Somidh senses at the very coup d’ oeil => What kinds of creeper are here, Poolin?
== Bastu, Khorish, Cobra — 
Apprehending now scarred Sarol jumps out of the room tacitly—so that if chased by snakes he can run to escape.  Inside the room he’d have to die inviting snakebite.
Poolin picks sliced sticks of the bamboo frame and straw form the weatherworn thatched roof  as the fuel to conclude => This much will do.
....  Distranced from hunger and poverty all through his life bon vivant in affluenza, hungry Sarol sitting now beside the open mud oven fireside, preckonciles this wonder for the first time that the smell of the boiling rice is more endearing than that of the Parisian scent.
....  Menu —> smoked coarse red gruel-rice.  Salt. Sitting on the ground to eat, Somidh premembers the remains of a half finished packet of fried mixture of snacks in his sac. That is brought and taken by all as if some precious food.  Bairagi is as usual nonconcerned.  But Poolin’s face vividly indexes the satisfaction.  His white teeth in black face flash even in dark => Babu, after a long time I’m eating 2 times a day.
== Why fishing in the river,  you don’t get payment? Protit.
== Yes we’re paid, but that goes to feed our large family and to repay the mounting debt. Sorry there’s nothing deserving food. so you must have discomfort to eat.  If it was morning we could feed you fish prep.
== You won’t understand Poolin, tonight we have savored the best sumptuous banquet in life.  Protit admits.
Sarol seconds that with a nod.

Dear Life Debarrened Drear
....  Encircling the lamp fire all are sitting after dinner.  Dark trees behind them.  Dark water of river beside them.  Somidh spins Bairagi: You look like a tantric.
== Right you’re.  Big bro knows tantra & mantra.  Poolin discloses.
== Does the powers of tantra & mantra still work? Protit.
== You Kolkatans doubtlook at these.  Once I also didn’t inchurn my head in it.  But babu, Bairaagi’s observation =>.
Boiled in circumstances one has to obey
which is not to obey

== What was such circumstance that made you abide by the tantric charmic mantras? Somidh sniffs curiously.
== Like to hear?  Bairagi sucks a long deep last puff of smoke to blow it off.  Tacitly landscaping the introspection menternally for a while he slowly raises the curtain => Here I used to catch fish.  and used to sing Baul songs.  In my home at village I had some little piece of land of my own.  there my wife used to cultivate.  I would go there on holidays.  going on smoothly.  had no big wants.
Pause a bit

Then resumes >> A year before abruptly a neighbour came to me from village.  What’s the matter?  He alarmed me some evil devi has blackjacked my wife.  She can’t be refrained from her hostility.  You come sharp.  I went there to watch my wife is within a prohibited circle,  wearing necklace of rudraksha, draped in saffron red lined sari, burning big bindi of vermilion smeared in her temple, flaming looks, trident in hand  \|/



....  Seeing me she breaks into trance dance of Tandav of destruction…I couldn’t agnize my own wife babu…I got frightened.
....  He pauses to take a deep breathe.  His rebellious unruly hair and beard playing with the wind.  In his black eyes reflection of the trembling flame of kerosene lamp in the capricious wind, the deep chemystery of rivalrous tantric massmerism / gripping them.  Traditional inhibitious India. 
== Thereafter?
== Thereafter the house of my father’s big brother is adjacent to our house.  After the death of my parents, big uncle and his siblings’ target are to grab our property somehow.  I don’t stay there in village for my job here. It is said— 
If you remain far from your harvested land
others will reap the crops backhand

Just that happened. Only my wife stays there.  We have no offspring.  For that my wife is very unhappy.  Yet she engages herself in cultivation, cattle and her deities and tit bits of taboos and prejudices. utilizing this impropertunity my big uncle and his sibs have deployed a tantric from Kamaksha. [Patch ? Kamakhya temple, regarded as one of the greatest center of the divine Shaktipith and a hub of Tantra and its practitioner tantriks, is situated at Kamagiri hill, near Guahati in Assam. It was rebuilt by the king Nara Narayan of Coochbihar in the early 17th century, after the destruction of the ancient temple in the previous century. The image of the builder is established here, but no image of the goddess Kamakhya, the young wife of Siva.  Only her yoni, the symbol of creation is revered here. A natural source of water keeps the yoni always moistened.  During Ambubachi festival the shrine remains closed for 3 days, believing the menstrual period of the goddess. And opened on the 4th day to start the rituals of the festival, before the devotees in large numbers. Source: Wonderer’s Wordrobes]. That tantric tapped my wife by making her believe that if she follows the rituals and worships tantra as guided by him she would be impregnated to have a child.  Thus the tantric bewitched her to partner him in his practice.  Grafting some leaders of the village peers they reaped the corns of my land entirely.  Fished my ponds and cutting off my trees at night they sold.  Grabbing my land they farmed.
As I complained, the village heads opined—>
Even a robbing mob
not doing a wrong job!

My uncle, his daughter my cousin sis shouted me down—> 
Land belonged not to your father
land belongs to who hath power

The broken sky fell on my head.  I cajole my wife.  But who cares?  As she is becharmed by some evil goddess, she chases with trident on me ferociously.  She countercharges me that I have been meddling hindrances so that she can’t have child.  I humbly request the peers, they slap me with charge sheet on the contrary => that they have inspected the land records to find out the land belongs to your big uncles’. And your wife has been demoralized. Remaining in the same village we will not tolerate these immoral sextravaganza of your wife.  We too have to live with our wives and children here in the society.  Either you yourself forsake your wife and get her out of this village or we will isolate you as outlaw.  All of your prop will be confiscated.
== But the village nobles could have themselves driven your wife out of the village.  Why they insisted you to do so?  Protit intrajects.
== If the peers do it they have the fear of curse by the tantric yogi.  If the vairavi lets loose the tantric to chant the mantra cursing the entire habitation of the village?  Have they no such fear in their mind?  He smirks.
....  Then restarts: The villagers stopped talking with me.  And who showed sympathy in the open they too laughed off behind me.  Who previously sided me also latched their mouth fearing backlash.  Because now if they plead in my favor they have no profit, rather they will be harmed.  I will be driven out of the village for sure.  
The sly always ply to swing
with the change of directions of wind

Friends turn frenemy.  Otherwise they’ll have to face the music like me. 
Taking a deep breath

==Then? Sarol.
.…  Then I get no help but advices shower on me. Galore. for free. to settle the score with the uncle and village bosses, giving them up most of my prop in the village. 
Advices are doled out freebies everywhere
You are to choose which to care or to spare
Some advices are badvices sadvices or madvices

....  So I go to Purulia town.  There a crony of mine from my childhood is a clerk in the court.  Hearing my tale he says => just see if it were somebody other than you, I’d advise him to start a suit and holding and delaying dallying the case we could milk money from the litigant lingering the case for a long time.  But you being my  friend from puerility, if you tell me I can start a case with my employer advocate.  But that will be a costly affair for you and you won’t gain.  Because those who can purchase the village peers / they too can purchase judge barristers.  Especially when your own wife is not in normal condition.  Better you compromise with your uncle parting off a portion your prop.
Taking a deep breath

....  Then on the returnal way, I was menterrogating myself, overhauling whatta do what not to do, sitting in the railway station.  Where to go?  That time abruptly I met the Baul singer, my classlad in school Hriday Das, just out of the blue.  He was my real mate.  He gotta go to some folk fare / to sing there.  Seeing me dampened he gradually pumped all hearthen grief out of me and advised => you know I’m just a minstrel singer, I can’t comment on the charmic tantra & mantra of a tantric.  I can only say you—kantakanaiba kantakam = you are to put out thorn only stinging a thorn.  If you think this is the way so I’d tell you that I gotta visit a great tantric as I was then at Tarapith. Mahapran Bramhachari.  He was fond of my song.  But he can’t be caught hold of easily.  He practices sitting in the great crematorium.  He lets nobody come near him at first.  Drives out everybody with abusive languages.  Chases to beat anybody with his hot coal tongs.  But a maestro of mantra.  If you go to him,  he will get you out first.  If he drives you out don’t come back.  Simply stomach his abuses and beatings.  Then you have melodious voice.  If you can charm him with your song, you will find the man at the core not bad at all.  Simple as a child.
....  I took his name and went straight to his address at the well-known crematorium of Tara pith.  Yes, what Hiday had said was right.  At first abusive tongue.  Then beating by hot tongs.  Bearing all his hindrances at last I grease and please him by my melodious songs.  He allows me the propertunity to serve him.  After some time he puzzles me asking => then all your troubles due to your wife, isn’t it? … Some more time goes to make him fully satisfied on me.  Then hearing my heartigo he says he doesn’t ever go to another place leaving Tarapith excepting for pilgrimage—as that hinders his practice of tantra, yoga and meditation.  Besides his tantra & mantra is for the benefit of people, not for harming them.  But he at last buys this argument of mine that to prevent the abuse and devilization of tantra and mantra and such devilian tantrist,  is also for the benefit of the people.  Only for that reason some preventive measures are to be taken.  So he sends with me one of his disciples to my village.  Now he is my gurudeb.  I’m an adherent of him and learning from him slowly.  My guru is proficient in various witchcrafts like black magic, black art, sorcery, incantation &c.  I’m his devotee.
== But did it serve your purpose? Protit.
== Of course to some extent.  Arrowed ==>>> by the mantra of my guru at one wee hours of a day that tantrist of Kamakshya vapored with his bag and loadage.  I day 2 cows in the cowshed of uncle died bitten by cobra.  Then 1 day all fishes of the grabbed pond of mine, where uncles bred fish were seen floating dead on water being plagued.  1 day the left side of the uncle’s body found paralyzed … allover the village rocked.  Shocked by the drumpeted hoax that whatever wrong done by the uncle & co, in that sin all the villagers shall be shoveled into earth by epidemic cholera … my wife also recovering from the clutch of evil goddess.  Amina Bibi, the panchayat boss who previously booed me, now address me as babu showing respect, calculating if she neglects the sentiment of the crowd of devotees in my house, she will definitely have to face the music in the next election.  And freeing from the encroachers, my land and prop shall be returned after the harvest this year, she has promised, let’s see what happens. 
.…  After resting for a while, he adds his heartistic  prexperience => Babu,
If you want peace and bon heur
remaining blasé and unwanting
some will translate that as your weakness
and try to snatch your peace and happiness
until & unless they get the sign of your power

....  Concluding this he backtracks into his menternal world.
This self-extracted secreation of Udas Bairagi leads them to muted introversion for a while.  After sometime to brush aside the mist of mystory to return to the normal flow, Protit proposes => Well, you’re a baul singer, sing for us now. Poolin brings the single-string ektara for accompaniment.  Bairagi’s vivid avid melodic voice becharms everybody:
Dear human life debarrens
misreading scripture

Oh oblivious time unawares
misreading scriptures
dear human life debarrens
misreading scriptures

Yesterday it was flower  ((()))
basking in beauty and fragrance
Today it is only a skeleton
Tomorrow it will be dust
Dear human life debarrens
misreading scriptures

On time none can realize
When people cognize
time works seize
erasing all at ease

Dear human life debarrens
misreading scriptures


Lidless Night Restless Plight
....  Ending his harmonic and heartmonic song Bairagi again turns back to his internatural silence under the tree.  Poolin blows off the lamp.  The trio tries to sleep in their room.  tiny room. dismal. no window.  blocked.  chocked air.  hot. stuffy. stuffocating. grand banquet of mosquitoes.  Here the heterovorus man is not the eater but the rechauffe for mosquitos. The mosquito repellant rubbed in their body doesn’t repel but now liberally invites the mosquitoes to suck their blood at ease.  In the torn-string single cot the duo Protit in length and Sarol in breadth can’t bedjust.  In dark Sarol is lidless.  Scaring to be wrapped by creepers, that is incoming snakes from the adjoining abandoned room.  As if he is in the vortex of dreadening age of snakes.  One time while slumbering he falls aground slipping through the hole of torn ropes.  And he groans in the delusion of bitten by snake.  Protit and Somidh holds him up to let him lie on the cot again.  Searching by his pencil torchlight Protit batters him: Where’s snake?  Dreamagining? Shit.  Sleep.  Somidh somehow sitting in that fragile and highly volatile destructured chair.  Stinged.  constantly by mosquitoes.  yet sitting still.  without slightest movement.  One time the single handle of the chair slides down.  If he moves slightly then the loosely jointed parts of the chair will be unraveled.  Then he won’t be able to sit also.  In sombreland he introverses himself the amazing stories of Bairagi.  The traditional internatural immobile India outside the purview of techknowledge, argument, evidence and provement.  
At last they end their travails of lidless warm night in the room without window. As—
Night may be tidy long
Yet dawn breaks bright along

....  Again eternity of the returnity of morning.  To get up from bed etc, &c, et al.  Another day of bright sundom.  But to them nothing special about it.  Everyday they are seeing this sunny day hereover the planet.  Rather it would have been better if the weather were cloudy.  Then the rage of sunray would have been lesser now.  The ideal picpost card type big basin of water also is not attracting them as it did terra incognita a few days ago.  Seeing the same pics day by day they are adjusted to it.  All the charms of this place misappear to them and some disinterest about this sublime scenerama crops up.  Though tomorrow will be their / last day stay here.  Before that if there concerns some new interest in some quarter—in that hope wo/men travel on their worlden road map to live & relive & relieve.  
....  Prepared to leave now they notice the dark cryptic tree under which they sat yesterday is just an innocuous cluster of giant papaya trees, under which on the clay alter today also sitting ascetic Udas Bairagi like yesterday.  stagnant.  aplomb.  watching them going out he has no reaction.  no motion.  no emotion.  he offers no welcome.  no farewell.  Somidh observes the place minutely and goes on piction spree.  Bairagi in white dhoti worn like lungi, white kurta, disheveled long hair and beard. click with him.  He is told => You have given food and shelter last night to us, completely strangers to you.  For that we’re grateful to you.  And though it can’t be repaid back to you, still if we’re pleased to give a token price to satisfy ourselves, how much should we give?
The overcalm Bairagi is responseless.
Again the same question repeated.
The aplomb Bairagi is responseless.
Again the same question repeated.
The blasé Bairagi is responseless.
Again the same question repeated.
The indifferent Bairagi in unatouched voice monologues from his scanty wordrobe => Just 1 rupee if you wish.
Astounded by his utterance of the scrimpy amount, they insist to give him more and at last somehow push a 2 rupees note in his hand and simply elude their holiday inn at that place hurriedly, so that the oblivious, undesirous Bairagi cannot return it to them anymore.

Tame Dame By Charmic Mantra
....  But advancing a few steps abruptly Sarol thinks something to halt: You proceed toward the ferry ghat, I’m coming back in a minute asking a word from Bairagi.  As the duo advances Sarol goes back to Bairagi to ask him posing a bit ashamed: Hey, you know many tantra & mantra, would you kindly pass me a taming mantra—yea, by which I can contame a girl?
== Babu, not so easy, Bairagi utters in amazement, there’re certain ways and rituals in practice; if you won’t obey and follow the rites accurately it’s of no use, rather it would backfire.
== Still, please accord me at least one, nothing as harmful to me or to another, yet she can be tamed.

....  After being requested several times, Bairagi relents => what’s the name of that girl?
== Lipi.
== Then write down  —>  “Om raktachamunde Liping me bashmanoy swaha.  Om hring hroung hung fat”.
—if thou hummeth this mantra 10 k times thy lover canst be aloof from ye.  She would cometh around the hummer and falleth at thy feet.
....  Getting the mantra romance and womance seeker Sarol thanks him again for the freebie and gladly bids him adieu to be gladieu.  Now I’ve gotcha ye under my clutches Lipi, my honey.  Where shalt thou misappear?  Ye calleth me tomfool.  Now thou wilt be paid back.  Thus thinketh he advanceth toward the ferry ghat.  Thither yells rovile phonomenon in his pocket, he touches to view Protit’s message:

hurry back playboy, b4 ferry  to start now

....  Sarol runs to reach the ferry ghat while chanting mantra.

Fish With Care Or Miss Unaware

....  But whence Sarol is imbibed in muttering mantra, he canst not know what is happening in his unaware in his world rapidly that time:
….  his college coed Pia. has gifted chocolate in bon homie to his handsome contender Bijoy.  And has embodied dance with him nightlong at the Hullor bar — his younger sis Sandra is now returning home from the tutorial — his mom now thinketh where her good son is now what he is doing what he eating and again falling in womance in which mantra with which mantrap? —his dad resolveth his son is again gone to mischief-making.  so no more,  just after the graduation he will thrust him into the family business — in Haru’s shop of his locality all the chop fries have been sold out— satellites have been en route outmosphere to Saturn moon mercury mars on scheduled tacit errands and the space scientists remotely censoring them — at Dalal Street the losing brokers are splitting hairs glued on scorched screen — in Buenos Aires the lulu is entering the toilet — under the Sahara desert the remnants of wise fragile skele of 3k years old has been sleeping — in his home depot his Pandora’s box is filled con amore with honey mail and kiss :-*


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.19

Chapter 19: Rifting Times


Today’s Friend Tomorrow’s Frenemy
....  At the ferry ghat Subol And Chatur’s heartistic smiley welcome => Why didn’t you come yesterday?
....  We came but late.  You’re gone.  So we stayed the night at Bairagi’s place.  Protit’s explanation.
....  Protit preckons if he could live the whole life here simply with these simpletons! … But next moment he preconciles…… No that is unpossible.  In Kolkata there is much more propertunity & facility of citizens to earn money power and establish oneself.  How that can be had here?  Will he be able here to gain his dreamdom of ample money fame power and establishment?  Implausible.  Besides it seems charmic, as it is new; but tomorrow in karmic situations if he lives here for a long time continuously that feel good will be vapored.  Then this feel good will be like a barrier.  
May be today’s friend will be tomorrow’s frenemy.
Cut to

....  Proscene: Big sis Didi’s shop. beside the river. breakfasting Sarol Protit Somidh Subol Chatur. tea, crude biscuit, sweet ball laddu, muri. Protit paying. Beside the shop fishermen’s boat and net resting in the sun.
After fishing, the boat and net rest
The caught fishes everrest

Cut to

Proscene: Sunny welcome by Adhir at the forest rest house.  Keeping aside the sacs and formal apparels here the trio zooms to the river for bath.  Protit and Somidh get down in the water.  Swim.  but Sarol is only an onlooker here.  he is unaware how deep water is in this confluence.  so he doesn’t want to get into troubled waters in spite of Protit and Somidh’s assurance.  he cools his head and face by sprinkling water by hand and wipes by hanky.  then watch them swimming and bathing sitting pensively on the bank.  Oh, dispensing of his nighttheque chums and gfs adda, delicious funtastic feast and fiesta music and dance, here in this remote hamlet no delicious food. no adequate sleep. this madmaniac marathon hiking.  bathing in river. imbibing mahua. moontasy / how long would you like this ecstasy?  Moreover the xtravacant bizarre script writing dreama for some oddventure flop film—spoil homesick Sarol’s days.  But yes.  Only 1 gain.  To be acquainted with Lipi.  That night he sexperienced how funtastic the topography of her figure is!  Great features. Scandalous curbs.  She will be enrolled in a Kolkata college in the coming session.  If he can grease her he can have her company and funtasy dance music and everything with great éclat with her then…… As of now he figures out menternally if he can return to Abas hostel, he might be able to spend the evening funnatically romancing & womancing with the women — of course if they’re back to Abas by this time. He opts a chance.  No pain no gain.  But yes Lipi is a mischief.  To tame her by bocabulary isn’t easy…… Eh, he has to mutter the mantra for 10k times!  How many times it was uttered?  He has completely forgotten! He again reads the mantra de novo from the slip of paper kept in his pocket:
Om raktachamunde Liping me bashmanoy swaha.
Om hring hroung hung fat.
Cut to

....  Proscene: Big sis Didi’s shop.  The trio’s lunch.  Menu: rice. sour juice of green tamarind. river fish curry.  Oh wretched river fish / why did you hang out on this side / to be in the dish?
~(.)~~~
 ~(.)~~~ ~(.)~~~

Didi => nothing more could be arranged babu.  bazaar is far off from here.  Also this ain’t the weekly day for bazaar.
....  They eat silently.  This trifle food is of no match for the rich man’s dearly son Sarol.  He floats his sour decision => tonight I won’t be stayin’ here. returning to Abas.  Somidh can read him all time properly from his prexperience.  So he isn’t amazed.  But Protit is baffled.  He attempts to refrain him form his mistance.  Failing he is piqued.  At last he tells Somidh: Ok, ferrying to the other side I’m tagging along him to some distance on his returnal way to Abas and backing here in sometime. You stay back at the rest house. Somidh returns to the rest house.  His jaded eyes seized by the torpor of rice-sleep. 
....  Rising from sleep in the twilight Somidh finds none in the rest house.  He is alone.  In his vacant room only the dancing garrulous sparrows and magpies.
He looks at the river thru window.  [~~||~~]
In the confluence a few boats plying scattering nets.
On 1 side of the water an area is fenced with bamboo poles.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
||####||####||####||####||####||
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There is trap.  To welcome fishes.
.... It is a wonder in this large world he is alone.  Everybody has deserted him.  Actually that happens.  Who accompanies whom from the birth point to the death point?  So Somidh cogitates his destiny and destination.  
Any real artist has to go alone on his own way.
Everyone’s path at last is only her/ his

You can be who you are
only not being who you notare

Nobody shown me  >> this way
Nobody said me go  >> this way
Nobody to assist me  >> this way

When looked after by none
yet mark me manyone
If I err by a hair they’ll blatantly show
how faulty is  >> this way
If I pause they’d say  >> see his cease!

Treading alone on this worlden thrufare
sometimes I found cohort on the way
Some assorted me for sometime
,,  escorted me a bit far
<<  then back tracked on own trail

Everyone’s path at last is only his/her

You can be who you are
only not being who you notare

....  Once Moortiman was also with him.  this time he was unavailable.  where he gone? Who can consort one all through the time — mother father brother sister friends bf gf husband wife <— everybody is flocked together just for a period of time —> then disjointed — it may be from the world.  Some leaves early some after sometime more — but must be disjointed.  Come alone and depart alone.  What’s new in it?  So in the way of life somebody may tag along with other to cover certain distance.  Not more than that.  Then separation.  But the path one can cover / with one another/ is worthwhile to some and unworthwhile to other.  Sarol deserted as of now.  He has information that Protit will leave their unit for good.  And though Protit has concealed to Somidh but he is informed that Protit too surreptitiously creating subdivision among the unit wanting to dismantle it, before leaving the unit, citing difference of principle, but actually having caustic egotica syndrome.   Though on the surface showing as if nothing has happed!  They have born with silver spoon in mouth.  So the demand for money power establishment and fame is in their blood — which Somidh won’t be able to provide them if they cohort him—so they think they have no future here. Still in student life they want to garner here whatever they get + to harvest the warmth of some excitement, they want stay here in this unit for sometime more for a short stint, before entering in their careers.  Protit has appeared for the MBA exam.  After passing out he’d bag highly paid employment and desert the group this is an open fact.  Meanwhile he’s been hawking himself to be projected by the glare of propagandist medias, being a shadow of Amit Bol, a self styled cheerleader of a media.  Keeping good terms with Somidh outwardly, Amit Bol has engaged Protit and Sarol surreptitiously to disband Somidhs’ group and all its members to join his group — this info has been tipped off to Somidh by a rival of Protit in Amit’s group.  And that Protit’s been using Sarol as a shield to affront, keeping himself embedded behind him. These bothers in aid of Protit slip from the works of the unit in the plea of their status of student and work for other groups for money or some other advantage. yet when their own unit is commended by some others or by the press, they don’t forget to drumpet it as their own credit. 
....  When he is wrongly discredited by Protit or Sarol he is amazed but not perturbed.  He thinks he himself never humbled or belittled anybody to pose himself larger — but why some contemptporary persons considering him their bete noire, want to dwarf him to pose themselves larger than life?  He scans the enigma nonchalantly to discover >> this ain’t a new prob.  All through the ages the propertunity hunters always enter like an earthworm and exits like a muskrat.  It is said in the Mahabharat: The fire originates in wood to devour it.  So he’ll like to see if it’d blaze up or it’ll just end in smoke? And if it fires up then he wants to see in the abominable fire, let everything detritus burn out to destructure to be filtered and purified again to reform and restructure. With that pure material he again will architext his unfinished works in his envisaged principles and ways de novo.  So he reflects at the problem =>
View a problem as a propertunity
to fix the flaw & claw and reassess
how to tackle future greater crisis

....  Hence as at present he does nothing in this matter and only keeps the option open to come and go for beautilization in future.  Because he knows:
Any way = if it is truly a way
Then it should have at least 2 directions open
1 can go through it > < and come back
go & come  & come & go  & go & come  & come & go

But if the road is open one way and closed other way
confused and pot holed, then it ain’t road
It is blind cul de sac in the name of way
Traveler is in boundage in each step on that alley

Free way is open day & night full of flight
thru which one can come from any way
or ply away ventre a' terre  any time or sway
come & go  & go & come & come & go  &go & come

Fishes Out of Swarms Back to Swarms

Shift of scene

Somidh standing outside the room on riverside.  Pin points the ferryboat on the other side.  The size increases gradually.  The passengers form contours.  Protit’s tall slim figure.  Fair complexioned.  Bushy hair frequenting on his eyelids in riverian air.  In blue jeans pant shirt.
Slow motion

Protit waving hand at him from afar.
Enter Protit

Protit.=> Accompanied Sarol up to Pareshnath temple.  Saw him very aggravated. Blurting out he’d desert the unit.
Somidh.=> Yes, he can leave or we can expunge him out as an abandonware.  Either of the 2 or both might happen.
....  {Protit menternally soliloquizes => Mr. Somidh, before you dispense with us, not only Sarol or me, your whole unit will be decomposed as I’m arranging so that everybody leaves you in the lurch.  I’ve pact with Amitda — if we can wreck your group and enroll in his group he will give us good break in the media he works for.  There galore fame / publicity. money. glam. ….. dumping all the glare what interest we have to hear your manufractured lecture?  Everything of you is plagiarized from abroad.  I’ve all the proof.  I’ve procured all the ammo against you.  Your letters—even my cooked writing I’ve made you copying in your handwriting unwarrantedly — so that it can be proved at ease against you that it is your writing and not mine.  Everybody will be stunned if I rip the bomb.  Your verbosity I’d turn to ashes.  I’m a joint signatory of the bank account of the unit which I’ll stop signing so that you can’t withdraw money for the group.  Besides in the souvenirs or newspapers where the critics were about to give you a raving review, I’ve deleted them or have got the writers to dilute them to make you unimportant before you could know.  Apart from that we in our student life in some curiosity or to make fun and to cash on some easy fame or in excitement by some momentary mistake entered your group no doubt  but — but not to be your servant.  We’re not your tamed slaves.  Now after passing out MBA I’ll get  ample propertunity for good jobs in the country or abroad.  And after getting employment  I’ll destroy your unit — I won’t go alone  I’ll escape taking all other lieutenants with me.  And I’ll publish the rift exposing all your misdeeds. ……}  
Again coming out of his menternal prolog, he repeats =>: Nope, he’ll quit. ‘cause he says we’re hardworking for the unit and all the credit goes to you.  So he will quit.  In fact everybody else will be able to quit, only you won’t.  ‘cause all the scheming and ideology of the group is of yours. You’re the ideologue here.
Somidh’s prompt response => You’re to some extent right here. I will not. As —
The whale cannot swallow the sea
where it does dwell

....  So who deserts s/he lives.  Hence no need to his hardwork for us.  Enough is enough.  I don’t need alms, only hold your dog.  Floodwater has demaged us much.  ‘twas a blunder to let it enter.
Protit=> Why did you let it enter?
Somidh=>
On seeing a cucumber
to all it seems better
Is it not after tasting only
can be said if a cucumber is bitter?

Now the sooner they drain out the better.  This difficult way isn’t for them.
Fishes out of swarms melt into swarms

At times floodwater with swarms of young fishes
in hot pursuit of propertunity in a rush
gush into a forbidden bight  ~(.)~~~
Hunting combing & dredging for sometime
in such an indefinite abstruse water they ramble
otiose to win and gain in rapid gamble
~~~It’s far better in the main  s~t~r~e~a~m~~

dangling as a buff of mega waves
awards hangout to milk copiously
just grease to please & wheedle whimsy boss
s/he can sail & sway with the favorable wind
to swell one day into a big gun without loss
over & above bagging extra reward
So water retreats to welling side hiding qualms
Fishes out of swarms melt into swarms

Secerned quest in quirky intense waves is futile
To win escape following the usual route
polluting and spraying curse & clay
recreant with the formal opaque water worms
Fishes out of swarms melt into swarms

....  Somidh again retorts => If there’s fame, it’s my fame only?  Ok, and if there’s defame? Then it’s also only of mine.  This dialogue isn’t Sarol’s, but some other lead voice embedded covert there — that may be whoever’s voice — first it was said —> my/our way is bizarre and awkward — then it was said these experimentations had already been done before, so it has no importance and people shall not at all be benefited by it.  But now my principles, theories, applications and used names, have been misused by them changing just the names given by me, demanding these are their discoveries and yet whining whatever fame is there, it’s my fame only?  In William James’s writing we get the mention of this type of psyche: First a new theory is attacked as absurd,  then it is admitted to be true, but obvious and insignificant.  Finally it seen to be so important, that its adversaries claim they themselves discovered it.
==  No it’s not me, Sarol said that he has many weapons.  When he will leave he will leak the arcane out, drumpeting on the mart.  
Giving no reply Somidh as if searches something looking all over in the ground…
==  What are you looking for?
==  Rathole, Somidh’s enigma.
==  Rathole?  What to do with rathole!
==  This much that I was so scared to hear the arcane to be leaked out in the open mart.  So I’m looking for the rat hole to hide myself!
Somidh’s sarcasm slaps him that his misfire is a faux pas — Somidh isn’t intimidated at all.  Protit mutes.  Somidh’s addition=>  That signals before deserting he wants to sabotage and destruct the group.  But who quits never wins.  Who wins never quit.  So well he wanna leak the esoterica out drumpeting on the mart.  But when he’d leak out?  The sooner he crops up leaks the better benefit will be a harvest for us.  
At times even flung out sandal or scandal
is more desirable than medal

==  What’s the profit?
==  Once Oscar Wilde remarked — The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about.  So I’ll benefit if you unlid can of bugs bashing me, which would spark a debate, and nothing sells more than controversy.  
Remain debatable
to stay relevant and abetable
for more sometimes

....  Otherwise we are unknown to people as we can’t grease the bosses of medias, there’s no publicity hype for us.  So if somebody initiates to open the can of worms spraying the ink or link of scandal, some arguments flaring up the spotlight of controversy on us and we’re publicized, even if negatively.
For this I’d thank my adversaries.  So if they don’t burst the worm bomb, it’s our loss.  ‘cause haven’t you seen the negative publicity attracts more than the positive one? haven’t you heard the proverb:
Whatever little ye can recover
from the blazing shanty is better.
==  But yr reputation will be tarnished?
Somidh laughs off: The naked has no fear of being burgled.  If I had fame then I’ll have fear for defame.  Black spots in moon brighten the moonlight.  Molten base-metal mix makes gold embellish.  And what they will break?  They might wreck the unit but they can’t break me, as —>
It is said to be easy to break a big thing
My ideas are a small thing by all means
So long I myself don’t crack
nobody'll be able to shake or break

==  But if your group wrecks what else will remain?
==  How long? How many times??
First they overlook us
Next  they trifle us
,,  they ruffle us
,,  they grave us
wherefrom we brave up

....  Well, from the ashes I/we’ll emerge like the phoenix and create and germinate the seeds of new possibilities of the new age.  And when I won’t remain in that newer age to come,  newer unique creators shall create newer types and forms of novel creations.  So as of now for our probable destructors and distractors I extend my good wishes + gratitude.  Because their deserters’ revengeful attitude on me/us have indirectly enabled me to enhance my resistance power to sustain survive and win over the treachery and adverse situation erected by them — which otherwise might not have been possible for me to attain.  Hence I pray for our destructors may their souls rest in peace.
==  No I didn’t say these, Sarol was telling so i have dished this before you.  Protit shruggs off his responsibility.
==  Why telling me?  He’s yours antic import.  Yours disciple. Your goat you may cut at the tail or at the throat. You’re his guru.
....  Hearing the title guru he’s pleased because his importance is raised.  But Protit grins and conveys his fake objection => What you say! my disciple?  No–no he isn’t my follower fan rather you can say him my brother.
....  Somidh’s unpretentious straight hit.=> Hey bro, what is called perched rice the same whatchamacallit is named muri.  So you may call it in whatsis name>>> follower > adherent > pursuer > fan > aficionado > stooge > chaser > devotee > disciple > shadow > parasite > satellite > buff > groupie, it is just a journey from maximal to minimal.  And the clevers minimize the importance of others toujours by any bluff & huff or any fair or foul means to raise their own prominence.  Therefore you also would continue to hold on your grip / guardianship, friendship by any bluff & puff on the followers no wonder in it.
== Really you can make things manufracture — it is very risky to utter something to you  juggling somehow Protit steers the ball clear off by cover drive to the over boundary — But you must commend Sarol’s example of Bay of Bengal that night!
== Really funtastic!  Charmic!!

Buy & Sell Of Dreama On Riverside
....  Big sis Didi’s shop.  evening. adda at tea.  Didi’s house 3 miles from here.  husband daily laborer.  having no land of own => Babu, prepared a new item for you, try this singara with hing (asafetida).
....  Oh, Hingara!  Bah bah wow!  Sarol’d love this.
Didi's husband when he has work many a days he doesn’t go to work simply boozing out — then you’ve to push him to go to work — but many a times he doesn’t budge — that’s why this shop is floated — 5 heads to be fed in the family babu — how 5 heads? — we 2 we’ve 2 siblings — my daughter in class VI and son in class IV and this girl is my sis in law — how the shop sells? — whatever little sell from morning to evening during the time of ferrying from the travelers who cross ferry here — the ferry is closed and we’re closed — after the evening we close the shop and go home.
== You’ve set up shop here, this place belongs to you?
== No babu it’s government’s.
== So they won’t displace your shop?
== Eh, Didi raises her hood, who’d evacuate me? — let them come who has how many heads on his shoulder? — don’t I shell out weekly graft to cops?  Don’t I dish out ransom to the partisan extortionists?  Have we no trade union?  Don’t we vote for them?
== Of course when you gift + graft + vat +  vote them then who’d deplace you?
....  Shop is about to close for tonight.  Kerosene flame swaying back and forth in the riverain wind.  Trembling.  The sis in law packs their dinner in green shal leafs in carry bag with care.  Either Somidh or Protit or both of them converse with her.
== Hey lassie, what’s your name?
== I ain’t lassie, my name is Nody.
== Bah, wonderful name! That means a river by the river!
== Ok Nody do u read?
== Any other way sans reading big bro?  I read in class IX.
Now Didi adds => With the govt aid for girls’ we can let her read.  when we’ll not be able to continue her more studies, then we will marry her off.
Nody protests => No I’ll not marry, I’ll read more.
== Right.  u should study more, Protit & Somidh supports.
== But your working in  shop not hampering your studies?
== No, my exam over this morning.  You’ve come from Kolkata big bro?  Nody asks swinging her tress.
== Yea, you know Kolkata?  Protit / Somidh.
== Yes, been there twice.
== Twice?
== Yea, the partisans send us there twice to hear the lectures of the leaders on the fort ground.  Once by  train.  Once by their bus.  We didn’t have to pay a farthing for that. Conveyance and food free.  Over and above we who went there to hear lecture were paid by the politicos on our return to home.
== How were the lectures?
== When could we hear?  That time we seen the zoo, museum, Victoria, ship on the Ganga…and so many things.  Oh ffather so crowdie!  So many people light palaces so much noise …  sparkling marvel in her eyes.
== Oh ffather you’ve seen so much of Kolkata — we haven’t seen living there — you know so much of Kolkata — we haven’t known staying there.
....  Being more enthusiastic Nody bubbles.=> Not only that, just in the morning I’ve written in details about Kolkata in my exam from my memory, should I repeat—? She babbles …
....  Besides as it is known from the chronicles of  Wanderer’s Wordrobes  that one time capital of India and then known as the crownless  cultural capital of India, there are so many remarkable places to visit, advantages and beauty galore, funtertainment spots for hanging out galore, spots for detainment and derailment galore, problems galore, spots for upliftment of anybody galore, ways of sliding down toward hell many many more...


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.20

Chapter 20: Drifting Times


Moontastic Riverea
....  After diner Protit and Somidh sitting on the riverbank.  Water of the river atouches them.  No boat is seen now due to the prohibition on boating at night on the river.  No ray of light visible near or far.  Only in the confluence rushing and flowing huge load of swashing water.  Besides the duo, no trace of any other people near and far there. In that riverea they are the 2 misfit trespassers. riverian sincere zephyr.  In this watery outmosphere the duo are absorbed in the discourses of their work. Exacting the plausibility of piction of appropriate scene event dialogue on this place.  Especially Chatur, Subol, Naachni, drummer, Swaha, Shrota, Lipi, Udas Bairagi, Boudi —. the characters and this confluence, forest rest house —. these are recurrently surfacing and resurfacing and drifting in their preconciliation.  They will take final decision regarding this after seeing their still and movimages back in kolkata. Menternally Somidh is prepared for the impending  break. So he wants to watch and see. Then he will decide his future course of action. He is also toying the idea to disband the group and switch over to his original wishlist to be a painter, where he will be able to persue his art quite independently, without being bothered and hindered by anybody. Besides filmsy work talks don’t match this moment here. As there is mammoth moon boosting up the momentum..... 
....  Always alwhere moon.  In vision varied moon.  moon on river.  on current. in firmament.  in sylva.  on trees.  on branches on twigs.  on hill.  on dale.  on road.  in deroad.  on field.  in flower.  on creeper.  on ground.  on stone.  in food. in expression.  in their eyes. in life.  in mind.  moon in bottle.  moon in ripples.  moon on resplendence. 
....  Somidh recalls he has booked a plot of land in the moon.  The reflected light of that piece of land may be fused in this moonlight. In that wild moontastic night, word of work is totally irrelevant. Rather the eonian vision is more plausible here in this regard.
== Look, word of filmsy work totally misfits here now.  You please start singing, Protit articulates guzzling a raw sip from the mahua bottle.  He needs not to dilute it with water.  But Somidh mocktails water.  Like the previous occasions Subol & Chatur also appeared today with a bottle of pure mahua and gulping a few sips, disappeared in the evening to somewhere they wished.  Besides the babus are no more strangers.  So the babus can’t be given time everyday.
== Which song u wanna ear?
== Like to hear the Naachni’s and Chatur’s songs but — 
== Ok listen.
== Strange you’ve got the hang hearing only once!
He soaks up the mohuarista slowly.
Somidh taciturnly starts having a sip lento......
Ending  songs for a while  Somidh adjourns.  But Protit prevents him to madjourn=> don’t stop until ending all these songs.  Oh whatta karmic lyrics!  whatta charmic tune!!
Then......
Ceasing song Somidh rests a while.
== Amazing you haven’t forgot the beats of the drummers!  Protit’s lento remark. Immediately he requests: Ok do u remember Bairagi’s song?  Somidh recovering the wording of Bairagi’s song……
Now break.  ’ll be back soon. Don’t go.

....  Whence Somidh and Protit are preoccupied in redeeming the musical riverberance, that time also remaining behind the backdrop, playing the role of a huge catalyst to invigorate their already euphoric mind— is the overcalm beaming moon—> which is also known in different names in different regions of the world. [Patch => Moon = Chandra (Bangla, Sanskrit, Hindi……), Candra (Indonesian), Luna (Latin, Spanish, Italian), Badr (Arabic), Yue (Chinese), Sin (Sumerian), Iah (Egyptian), Lua (Portuguese), Lune (French), Pamuya (Hopi Amerindian),  Mahina (Hawaian), Marama (Polynesian), Mond (German), Nguyet (Vietnamese), Maan (Dutch)...... Source: Wonderers Wordrobes].
According to Ptolemy moon is both auspicious and inauspicious.  Because of its vicinity to earth, with its change it canst vastly aggravate the wo/men and the manimal world physically and at sentimental level.  Whilst wo/men can control to a great extent this affected grosspective level of sensitivity and exaggerated emotion by their habitual wont of wisdom and intelligence.  Jaimini observeth => Chandreno sankhojogagno: sahityayagno gayakaswa, meaning moon favoreth the specialists in Sankhayoga literati and singers.  Sankhayayoga flavoreth the union between man and woman and influenceth over the six ripus (enemies) and menternal world.
Break ends, Somidh’s song starts

At the end of the song Somidh stops. Protit gushes pumping out from the core of his heart => Really very touchy music lyrics & tune.  The core extracts from the heartmosphere.  If we can utilize a few selected songs from this bunch, people will definitely appreciate.  Because of easy and noncomplicated flock tunes and lyrics.  Well now let me hear some of the basic songs in this sequence, Protit bespeaks.
Break. Backing soon.  Don’t decamp. Stay tuned

....  Stillness.  Faraway on the water there seems an isle in the moontasy.  A flock of moontastic cawing crows flights to that trajectory …… From some remote place a faint glint of distant music turning up intermittently.  Again evaporating in the air.  May be somewhere is going on some country opera or musical soiree.  May be there are present Chatur and Subol.
Break ends.  Resurfaces Somidh’s song

As the sexotic heart adorns
on forehead the dot of vermillion
likewise in the effaced shadow on the riverghat
you  dip
you dip into the deep as algae

The negative hearterrain colored in saffron
If you too turn your heart off from me
tell me my mind is eagre

In this worlden field wide open
to whom shall I go?

Break.  Backing soon.  Hang on.  Stay tuned

Perpetual Transcendental Horizon
....  Stillness.  The mute river basin.  Solitary.  Untrotten.  Unearthly.  Background music by chirring crickets.  Rocumentary of napping mountstones.  Faded far embellished hedge of hillocks.  On the stream ripples the virtual riveria of moonatic ornamental beaming.  The feisty dreamdom in the world as far as the look hunts.  Call of the mesmeric Nox.
Break ends.  Resurfaces  Somidh’s song

Beside the shadowy mystic refreshing watery lake
like the explorer ancient aryans
vying to set up settlements
I’ve  changed the salty ports at times
+
Swimming over Gobi Kalahari Sahara Savannas
in my afflicted dream  mouthful of blood oozing

Now at the end of lifelong tournival
my dreamistress, where're you leading me on
to the perpetual transcendental  h-o-r-i-z-o-n!

....  At the end of the glissandos again they are confiscated by the all-pervasive swashing mesmeric resplendence.  elapses some time / they comeback to their rhyme / at the sharp twitter of bird. from which tree?  From that far isle?  which kind of bird?  very high-pitched twitting.  so might be a big bird.  do the birds hinting any message regarding them?  do they wanna say => Thou killer men, on what errand thou havest entered into our domain and ransacking our peace?  Stay back.  Or they are signaling reverse lookup => Oh the sons of honey heaven, thou art welcome in this dreamdom of peace and tranquility.  On your return journey thou carry our message of best wishes for all wo/man and animates.  Or they’re just expressing their love to their counterparts.  After some call and responses the birds cease.  Again silence.  At last breaking the silence Protit begins to critically apprise his propinion on the songs sung by Somidh.
For details call Helpline: 000111222333

....  Somidh is scatty about Protit’s propinion on his songs tout ensemble.  He notices meanwhile the mahua magnum is empty.  Picking up the empty bottle he abruptly goes a bit far towards upstream then filling the bottle a little with water and corking it floats the bottle touching the shore.  

[][][]
[][][]
[][]
[][][][][]
[][][][][][]
[][][][][][]
[][][][][][]
[][][][][][]
[][][][][]

....  Then quickly retreats to their spot …
The dancing bottle maneuvers through streams gradually crosses the place where they are sitting.......  A few steps forward Protit now picks up the bottle from the water and heading further upstream away releases the bottle like Somidh in the water ripples. 
The dancing bottle as the replica of the drifting times, swayed by drifting currents gradually traverses the place where they are sitting.......  A few steps ahead Somidh picks up the bottle from the water and going upstream further more away releases the bottle in the water, so that it takes more time for the bottle to cross their sitting spot. 
....  Then he enjoins => Suppose like olden days someone or some lovesick woman from Africa or Latin America corking up the bottle with a note of love for beloved and floated it downstream…and then you read it lifting it up from the water — is it not womantic?  Floating at a stretch on the unending supranatural horizons?
== How can it reach from such a distance as Latin America?  Conversely what would be route for the drifting bottle to reach there?
== Why?  >This river where it has mixed in the bigger river? >> Suppose in the Rupnarayan or Ganga.  then flowing thru Ganga to sea >>> that means Bay of Bengal  so to say in the Indian Ocean  from there carried away by ocean currents of >>>>Atlantic or Pacific ocean might reach the shores of >>>>>Latin America  and by reverse lookup < on the same way, or on the same track used by << Olive Ridley turtles reach the shores of Bay of Bengal to lay eggs, the drifting bottle might reach you <<< if it is not hindered on the midway.  Possibility might be one in a trillion — in reality it might be implausible,  but can’t be said altogether impossible….
To know more call Helpline: 000111222333
....  As far as visible the bottle coming to their spot like a pet bird hopping on the rhythm of waves …… Somidh grins => Just see still you’ve propertunity—if u like leave a note for somebody in the bottle and cork up it to release in the current.  Protit shows no interest only laughs off.
The tramp bottle approaching them as a dancing pet bird being offended for not getting any reception food or attention from them this time, bids them adieu in sad sadieu for ever and leaving them bon voyages towards far and afar away……..the duo gazing at the receding magnum as if their departing friend being dragged by currents of drifting time to fade out into oblivion being a point toward the river mouth……in  the perpetual transcendental horizon.

Anybody awake for you?
....  To think of the river mouth—Mohana — Somidh’s one-time confidante’s face zooms in the radar of his nomad mind.  Now he can perceive, due to recedence of mutual needs he has by now gradually reached out to such irrecoverable distance from her as the far off river mouth......  This time Somidh + Protit = the duo has evolved out of talking to silence.  Only burbling of water.  After a while they rise and amble.  Find out cut out dry branches of tree to make their stick.  Raising sticks like baseball bats they whip in the air to rule the now-lone riverside  ......
Who goes ……… who goes there?? Somebody goes there really? Who wakes? … who wakes at deadnight?? Really somebody wakes? Really somebody is qui vive. on this side and that side?
Does anybody wake for you?

Is anybody awake for you?
Then your life gets to fulfeel
You’ve nothing better
to expect from anywhere


The Yoga of Times Viper
....  Babu, babu —. Anxious call.  Worried face.  Protit’s sleep disrupts to look up and decipher the face: O Adhir you!  I've slept here!  oh it’s morning already.  we have to track back.  where’s Midhda?  we were here at night.  gosh, he’s gone to catch the moon in the water?  and conk out like the olden Chinese poet Li Poe?
== Hi there, 1 body lying there!  Let’s check out.  If bitten by snake then finished — 
== Oh  s-n-a-k-e!  Protit shivers!
Before Adhir’s reply Somidh jump rises up

== Where’s snake, whose snake?  Somidh quires.
Without laughing or saying anything Adhir retreats a few yards back taking them.  This is approximately that place where yesternight they saw their junk bottle to be finally carried away by the currents to be faded like a black dot into the horizon of times.  Now in this early morning like that same place a few hands distance from the water a giant viper lying whacked to death.  glowing blackish ash colored.  its slither, hiss & swash silenced. forever.
== Destiny Babu destiny.  Only due to the piousness of your parents it couldn’t reach you.  Venomous viper.  It’s touch means death.  Two-faced?  Who killed it?  It would live if it could touch water.  They watch.  Somidh  reckonciles..  
S
All is like the 2 faced serpent..  S
< 1 face is toward the dead past
the other is toward the future >
to fare forward

....  Somewhere sounds the cock’s crow. How far the drifting bottle has reached by now?  
To know more call Helpline: 000111222333


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  1  D e a r s p h e r E

1.21
Chapter 21: Rearsphere Dearsphere


Shifting Times
....  The same fare forward.  That same cockcrowing early morn version like everywhere.  In that odd time Adhir’s cordial farewell to the duo leaving from his holiday inn, feeding them lukewarm fresh milk arranged from where who knows?  His reluctance to accept any payment from them.  Adhir’s request to Somidh-Protit duo to come here again.  Chatur and Subol ferrying them to the other side of the river.  Again asking them to come here again=>  Come here during the fair it will be fun.
In spite of repeated requests to them by the duo, their denial of taking any money — all these are not boiled but itself thick & tepid like the milk offered to them warmheartedly by Adhir to drink!  The Somidh-Protit duo reaches the Abas hostel.
Jump cut

Sarol => Yesterday Swaha Shrotadi & Lipi were looking for you.
Protit => So aromantic time you spent in funtasy with the jeune filles I presume.  How far u’ve progressed with Lipi?
== If u were here you could also have womantic hour in bon heur with the women....

Proscene
....  They are waiting beside the river Dwarakeswar after visiting in and around places near Ekteswar temple.  The Sarol-Protit-Somidh trio stationed at a roadside tea stall.  There is still sometime more to wait for the bus to arrive at this stoppage.  Somidh is scripting his vade mecum.  Before that they have visited to weigh the option if the king’s depleted palace at Ambikanagar could be a location for their etude. It is just as any old palace. by the riverside. ruining for want of care and preservation.  burdened by gorgeous history and hardened by it’s current mistory.  dysphoric.  scanty water.  only foot-deep water to ford over to the other side of the river.  Protit is now jotting down the expenditure.  abruptly a glint of noise. from a speeding a la mode car—
== Stop stop the car. yelling child-voice. Ulki’s.
== What for?  The other riders ask.
== Can’t you see yr boyfriends sitting at the shop?
....  Back gearing from her driving directions a bit, Swaha stops the car near the shop.
Protit orders tea and singara for them and sweets for Ulki.  But she denies taking sweets and demands singara too.  Then she arrests Sarol red handed: Eh uncle, you promised me to cruise on boat this afternoon, and now you ’re fleeing to dodge?
Promistic Sarol tries to bribe her gifting a chocolate from his pocket to appease => What can be done, we have to depart now.  So I’ll cruise you when you come to Kolkata.
== There is this river in Kolkata?
== This is now just a dry river.  There’s bigger river in Kolkata — Ganga.  Haven’t read?
== There’s boat on the Ganga?
== Bigger boats.  Ships.  I’ll cruise you surely when you come.
== Promise?
== Promise.
== Where would u go now?  Swaha lobs the ball of query to the court while eating to Protit.
== Paanchmura, there we plan to see the handicraft of some clay potters. Protit’s reply.
== Oh whatta funnatic time u while away.  Your tournival so many places.  Cruising on boats.
== Ah ha, do you have lesser funtasy?  You’re hovering by car wherever whenever u wanna go?
== Ok come with us now we’re going to Bishnupur.  The car isn’t so small that u 3 can’t be accommodated.  From there u can go to Panchmura?
{Somidh silently snapping everybody and premembers the previous time they went to Bishnupur that was dark night due to power-cut, when he was seeing the terracotta art on the body of a temple. Then Protit showed him the terracotta art works in the faint pale light of matchsticks.  So the viewing that time was incomplete.  But now they can’t afford time.  They have to comply the roadmap as per transchedule}.
== We’ll very much like to go. But — 
== Then where’s the bar? Swaha.
== Yesterday an astrologer at Pareshnath warned me at least today if I ride on a car driven by a novice girl wearing blue distressed jeans and tees, it might be my last ride, even causing my end in 3black viper yoga.  Protit’s jeu d’esprit.
== What, me a novice driver?  Ok I will be giving you a befitting reply going to Kolkata, Swaha encounters as she is the only girl in that apparel.
== Well why don’t you go my bros?  In that case there are other drivers. I’ll drive instead of Swaha, Boudi’s call sitting in the car with Ulki.  Lipi plays avatar => If necessary I might also drive, but not licensed as yet.
Sarol teases her to excite => Hey babe, don’t gonna drive.  not legal for non-adult— to be booked by cops if found drivin’.  Better you play takin’ the Barbie doll from Ulki.  And drive toy car.  (Oh, I’ve missed the charming tantric mantra to tame Lipi! He premembers suddenly.)
== What, me play with Barbie!  U a tomfool teddy bear, missiles Lipi and boards the car beside Swaha, just wait let me go to Kolkata then I’d show u who’s what, Lipi’s girlic guns.
Ulki delightfully claps and quips => I’ve understood, he called you baby, whatta fun, Aunty, if you wanna take my Barbie I can give.
....  While boarding the car opening the backdoor, Shrota pins somidh in a low tone=> Hey Esprit, where were you yesterday afternoon?  (Then raising her voice audible to everyone) You snapped our photos very promptly, but remember so that we get our pics.  If we don’t we will raid ur den when in Kolkata.
== Ok, okay u’d get.  Rest assured the pics will land in your rovile before u touch Bishnupur. {…Somidh wonders how far the bottle has reached by now?...}     
== See let that happens.  Bye — 
....  Here everybody is to wave hands and-bye bye / untie.

Infinitimes
....  When the car speeds ventre a' terre,  Shrota in the rear seat looks thru the rear door window at the tea joint wherefrom Somidh waving her + them….. Amazing, whom she didn’t know even a few days before! Yet it seemed deja vu! That abrupt rendezvous… that like being a primeval man + woman duo nighting on worlden riverian wonderdom…… what a thrilling sense in her mind and body even now……as if that revealed mantastic loving limb still atouched  into the appropriate region of her body ===>  which can not be detouched ever….. which happening hath no memento with her.  Because that happening hath already becometh past from present tense.  Moreover if any skeptic raiseth eyebrow:
....  Did  it really happpen? Or was it a part of the script?
She will not be able to answer that justifiably.  Because there remains no timeless or all-time validating memento for anything or manything that happen in the cosmosphere.  It is as if writing in chalk on the space.  No colorful engraving sustains for long in the sursphere. Her introspection continues to go further to farthest.
....  Bon heur hunter cosmozens will veer towards various planets. They are looking for the minerals, favorable climate, earthmosphere, signs of life and water.  If there were water there would have been living objects.  And if there were living objects there would have been the possibility of development of civilization.  In that case thither could have the rule of those creatures.  And that clan could have been under plausible leadership.  In that case the question ariseth where melted all those limbos? Whence and how they faded into oblivion?  As a result of the human misdeeds the present world will face some doomsday like that someday.  That type of extinction did or did not happen in the past that can not be said for sure.  And if this world dwindles away then aliens from the other worlds and netherworlds shall fly over here in this world and pry when the earthmosphere evaporate.
How the revolving planet’s vast shoal
enters into the grab of hot ocean of inferno
Where melteth that dusty ever earthmosphere?!

....  Thence the aliens from other worlds from different directions have to crack & find out that in the past thither was water in the earth.  Thither was life.  Thither was the rule of a high yielding variety of life  called wo/man ….. amongst who/ where thither were power monger maharaja/rani, leader, actor hero heroine songster songstress icons, artist architect sculptor, thief,  agent, business honcho, poet writer dramatist jester, assassin, priest, sycophant, cowboy, farmer laborer, player, scripter, swimmer, killer, wrestler, memoir, history, wealth, factory, graveyard, crematorium, palace, architecture, sculpture, city, cornfield, public, garden, bridge, museum, library, forest, tree, amphibian, carnivore, mammal, beast, bird, creature, bacteria……where they all vanisheth?
....  Why the pious leaders of different religions and the traders of god/s were not able to save, if not all of the world but not even the followers of their respective own great holy & sacred religions?  Where doomed those big guns powerful rich sharks, the direct sons and daughters of god/s, those fierce unrivalled conquerors, faithful greats?  None is there? Those greats, truths and myths? Where dissolved that dismal shady ever amphisphere DearSphere? Nowhere?!
On the cosmic sphere the eternal truth
is the continuous change of everything
including truth and myth

....  But to blank out that distant gloomdom,  Shrota likes to return to the immediate regular way / sitting alone in the rear seat engrossed / roving & moving in rhyme and rhythm. Her dreamagination has touched so indefinite, faded and jaded, that to find the demarcatory signature between the immediate and the ultimate is very difficult to find out — as all are just tiny parts of the everquest of the infinitimes. RearSphere becomes  DearSphere. front goes to rear.  present becomes past.  the past is dear to us. As ever
D e a r  S p h e r e

Myriad ways at times are on reverse lookup
Path still there but gone the signs of past trails
Place time people alter morning evening noon
Primitives made up weapons  set up fire
Fire still persists but no trace of the primevals
Pensive eyes haunt: where’re you yore afternoon?

Once fragrant wind of puerility and youth
merry wind smeared pollens of bon heur
Morning wind aspiring renaissance ceased sleep
Those hopes & haps light & shade ego motion
when so many unsung tsunami typhoon razed?
It still storms but those tempests detraced
Eagre eyes haunt: where’re you yore afternoon?

Those days reigned this very sundom  O
cloud amassed thundered  rained  !!!
((0))  flower blossomed.  fruitiled

manimals cried.  looked.  laughed.  played
* s*t*a*r*s*  splintered.  moon eroded  (
wind thawed  roared  o~c~e~a~n
Wind blows but those hi winds winded up
Fond eyes haunt: where’re you yore afternoon?

Remiss this time in course of infinite infinitimes
When body pulverizes to dust tomorrow
rests no sign of yester shadow
no sign of today’s dust
no sign of today’s tryst
no sign of today’s crust
no sign of today’s lust
Hypnotic eyes haunt: where’re you yore afternoon?

Yet endlessly creating & recreating
bending on unending spheres
There cannot be the end
of the end in the end

Perpetual times never sever

Unseen to anybody
my silent stint to ever haunt
beautilization in dear sphere
What where nowhere
spell in cosmosphere



((((((((((((((((((((((())))))))))))))))))))


C o s m o s p h e r E  2


T e a R S p h e r E


In tearsphere
One may want or not at all
Waves will rise and fall


2.1.22
Chapter 22: Hinderland1


Omni Pundit’s Fizza 2
....  Inset: It started raining outside. Intermittent. Drizzle. The old Tavern is in a narrow olden lane with the smell of the golden past.  In the name on the glo sign outside, as well as in the intimate inner circle and to its regular classic & glassic revelers, this hangout is of referred adorably as:
>>>  B=a=n=g=a=S=u=d=h=a  <<<
Mind at Entrance the => Disclaimer: Liquor intake might lead to health hazards and shake the equilibrium, which we do not propagate. Consult your physician before intake.
....  The tavern BangaSudha so named as it had once served country made Bangla (=Banga) liquor (=Sudha) only, but now with the change of times it is served with other branded Indian and foreign liquors. A hall on the ground floor. not a large one. not a small one too. quite crowded. noisy. conditioned air. tired oscillating fans fixed on pillars, circulating air with grumbles. vintage marble stoned oval tabletops. Indian & Chinese food & snacks on the tables of the customers.
....  Several of the regular Porno Pradhan’s chums did not turn up that evening apparently fearing rain. Besides Porno, came the professor Omni Pundit, Alin Sen a journalist, Kuhak Kumar a publisher, Sarol unemployed, Hita Haait a schoolteacher, Roqea Ray a pianist, Lolona Lal a law student, Chokita Kar a visual designer.
Their chat session = adda was going on in full swing in the evening. However, it had to be aborted. As it sounded heavy thunder striking outside. Some revelers became busy to leave earlier, ladies first. after sometime, more at last Omni Pundit and his friends exit, except Porno. 
....  Thenceforth in the table alone over a glass of bangasudha, having nothing to do sitting alone, flashed back in Porno’s mind the scenario of his professor friend philosopher and guide Omni Pundit’s fizza to his friends here a little while ago…
....  Coming a bit earlier this evening, Porno had found only Omni Pundit sans others was crowning in the table with his glow. His unruly flying hair. A pot of bangasudha liquor in the table. An open book. Nevertheless, where his eyes were on, that could not be presumed.

[Patch => Full name ==> Romnis Pundit. Nickname ==> Omni Pundit (= OP)—as he is sarcastically thought the Sarbagga = the Omniscient Pundit. cutting short his full name, most friends call him Punditda alias Sarbaggada. while in his even closer circle he is fondly called Romda — a shortened version of Romnis. 
So that the peoples of different regions of the world can be near + dear with Romnis Pundit’s persona, his height may be in between 5 ft to 6.5 ft. His complexion may supposed to be any of black /gray /white / brown / rosy / yellow ==> any color and any type of countenance fat /slender / proportionate / good bad ugly / strong weak..., suitable to the respective features of the peoples residing in different parts of the world.
Occupation ==> Guest professor of science, consultant and investor. However, his closer circle mockingly describe him as a prophessor instead of professor, for his proficiency in prophecy.
Preoccupation ==> He primagines himself a cosmozen, the citizen of his dreamdom of a well-concerted cosmos. Moreover, he is secretly engaged in his research of inventing such an apparently implausible ecocentric system in coordination with mathematics and the sciences, which he expects, will save the world from the conflicting principles of violent war, pollution, natural fury, and macabre destruction of environs. According to his theory of post ayurved, called Bayurbed, which culminates to backtrack to the earliest stages of the primordial humans, to resurrect the civilization anew in a secluded earth and in some other place on extraterrestrial destination, where the humans can revive everything. afresh. anew. on their fruitful journey towards the nutritious, fruititious and futritious future. in cohesion with the nature. not misusing it. without any fierce flaw and claw of the civilization leading to evilzation resulting in devilization. 
....  However, whatever nicknames are crowned on him, Omni Pundit does not ascribe himself as omniscient, rather an omni ignorant in all subjects. This is why he claims himself as a VVIP = not a very very important person but a >>> Very Very Insignificant Person. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
.... It had been very familiar not fantasy — but a scene of scenetasy that time over there in BangaSudha that Omni Pundit bites pizza / guzzles a fizz / puzzles his fizza:
Tel call. Solicited Omni Pundit => Sir, I’m from Interglobal Solutions. Caller.
== Reason for calling? Omni Pundit.
== Sir, we’ve an offer for you. C
== Is it? I’m thrilled. OP
== Sir, we’d like to buy your Multiversal Bayurbedic projects rights at a lucrative price. and also, your science and mathematics text books rights. subject to negotiation. For this offer, we need to talk to you.  C
== Will you please offer another solution for me? OP
== Sure. Tell me.  C
== Thanks. Please offer not to offer me further—
Omni Pundit hanged up the line.
== You were talking Books? Punditda, we’ve heard you’ve authored several books. Are they novels? Your wife must’ve been proud of it? Chokita Kar quizzed overhearing the call conversation. 
....  Amused Punditda however slowed his pace of fizza to intensify the attention of the hearers. He bites pizza / guzzles a fizz / puzzles his fizza => Horribilis! Choki, A few years ago I had to write scientific textbooks and students companion notebooks, to raise our financial condition. One day that time, this Alin, while gone to collect news on Kolkata Races, saw my wife in the horse race course. referring to the news about my several textbooks selling well in the book bazaar, he  asked her as to => Who’s your favorite author.
== The author, who authored this horse-book. She answered, showing her horse betting book.
Laughing out loud
== No no, I’m asking which book of Punditda is yours most favourite? Alin clarified. 
== Why, his chequebook! 
Hilarious laughter
== Horribilis! Unashamed, you’re laughing playboy Alin? Shall I disclose here your deeds? Did you know Alin’s feat? 
== Punditda, pls don’t tell. My line with the girls here will dry up then. Alin tried to hush him up.
== Which feat? You shut up Alin. We girls must be cautious about you before falling in love with you, a flirt. Hita Haait and Chokita Kar very much inquisitive and eager with others to hear.
== Horribilis! Omni Pundit rubbing his unruly hair with one hand continued — > If I tell / you’ll tell / Punditda is telling tale. Some year ago. that time as usual this sexponent Alin was on head to toe in love with his then sweetheart—who has gone for some work for an hour, but sniffing some miscrepancy and fishy, she came back within minutes and appalled to discover that another woman has taken her place in bed with her bedmate Alin in sexercise— 
Derisive giggles
His aghast lover was stout to shout => Who’s this slut!
== Unphazed Alin then remembered he hadn’t even asked her name, so he asked the new woman— Oh, you haven’t told me your name, what’s your name Sweetie, my partner wants to know?
Lol
Dazed Sweetie screamed => What? ME a slut? You Bitch! 
== You Dart!
== You Tart!
Thereforth, started catfight between the 2 women and the pillows, dresses, cosmetics as well as kicks, blows, shoes and slangs / flung at each other— also hitting Alin hard. He by that time somehow managed to wear his cover up and escape giving them the slip instantly to save himself…
Hilarious laughter


Revelers of Bangasudha
....  However, Porno’s thought thread severed. As seeing him sitting alone, banker Ahammad Khan and techie Sopan Barman hesitantly flanked him from the adjoining table. They have been wooing him and his group of friends for the last few days, to take entry into the group. one of who Sopan is lavish enough to lend a few hundred bucks to his friend Sarol, while Ahammad generously gave one of whom his phone to call and offered each of them his well-known foreign brand cigarette with the
SURGEON GENERAL’S WARNING
Quitting Smoking Greatly  Reduces Serious Risks to Your Health.
....  They talked over whisky to whisk over from subject to subjects. Porno still hanged on for the drizzle to stop. But in fact, he felt no urge to go home early, as there was no urge or attraction waiting for him there. So he had no other work then but to observe. ruminate. sit and kill time here.
Minus his group, he was just listening to them halfheartedly which Sopan marked and alleged: Look Mr. Porno, we’re just common people. you’re intellectuals. you discuss hi fi subjects.      But also
We have poetic theme
,,  only  lack  rhyme
In desert we  drain
water in  vain
Porno smirked => No no I’m listening. I’m also just a common man. Some of our friends are professor, journalist, painter, poet, musician, filmmaker, writer, administrator …. and so on. But so what? Some people may even jeer the intellectual as meantellectual, to whitewash their own inferiority complex. due to their own inability to pursue certain long standing, uninteresting, inner and subtle aspects and thoughts of human life. that manybody may not, but some anybody must try to peruse and find out. On the other hand, there are certain highbrow snobs who meanly pose themselves as intellectuals, must be dubbed as Meantellectuals. However, do you think my friends are like that?
Sopan soft-pedaled => No. Please don’t think we mean that. Only  we can’t follow the property of thingz you discuss.
Ahammad confessed.=> Frankly speaking, I can’t get you. 
Porno => If you don’t want to, you don’t have to.
If it’s not our cuppa tea
or rather our peg of wine
we generally don’t bother
to understand other

Porno further added: 
You don’t understand a thing
isn’t because intellectuals or others
prevent you or don’t let you understand
but because lack of your due interest
attention and care to understand.
We talk here in simple Bangla and not in any foreign dialect. So only if u really like just hang on, stay tuned to us and you will see our gossips are at least simpler than the expertise needed for your profession.
....  The pub was to be closed for that night. Waiter reminded them time out. Serving of food & beverage ceased. Only dredges in Porno’s empty glass. and other red label bottle on the table. By then almost all the tables vacant. Waiters raised the vacant chairs on the empty tables upside down. Sweeper started sweeping. Waiter on duty stood beside their table and informed => The short rain over. I shall leave now. That implied leave now and give me tips, which they shelled out.
== The rain’s stopped. In this stopgap, I have to go. Good night. Porno got up.

How far can we go on this way?
Porno was  on the move.
It was hot outside the conditioned air. The little rain on the thirsty soil quickly soaked and evaporated, had in fact enhanced the heat and humidity. Porno moved down the memory lane. Strolled a little ahead to the end of the lane near the Chowrangi square crossing. Bought cigarette  from a shop and lighted up a cig standing there. A song was humming from time to time within him:
How far can we  go on this way

The stubbled   owner   dozing in the counter
empty red label bottle   on the deserted table

[][]
[][][]
[][]
[][][][]
[][][][]
[][][][]
[][][][]
[][][]

The dim-lit jaundiced bar is yet to sizzle
in the rainstaking glib grizzling drizzle ! ! ! ! ! !
on rain..rain..multigenarian shallow shabby lane

Lanes are everywhere  more or less  the same
for centuries  & centuries   to come
How far can we  go on this way?

....  The sky by then was cleared. Seeing the sky then nobody would be able to imagine that there was thick rowdy cloud over there just a while ago. It is said—
It is difficult to realize
yesterday's cloudy prequel
seeing today's shiny sequel

But his mind was overcast with the weariness of the sediment of thoughts. While a rickshaw puller in vest and checked lungi, approached him and pimped in sotto voce:    == Babu, will u go— ?
== Where to the hell? Porno bemused.
(Making the voice even lower)

== Babu, beautiful pieces of teenager chicks whichever u choose – European, Asian, … all gentile college girls just need pocket money – all fresh arrivals –
Porno quickly caught hold of his cheeks and pressing laughed off => Man, u are kidding me? Swearing college girls u will sell me a plump woman — A depot of Aids? Get lost from here my dear. u won’t be able / to lob me into trouble.
....  Porno was on the move.
He proceeded slowly. The night was still a lass in this hub of the city with rainwashed wider streets. glo signs. shining cars. shopping malls. bars. restaurants. and moody speedy heady giddy well-dressed passersby. Eyeing this area, nobody would be able to imagine that there are so many nagging problems at this moment in the country, which are neatly whitewashed here now. Yet these highlighted streets could not spotlight  the dark corners of the world or his mind. He mused as he walked on. The booze could not arrest him. He was well within his control. It was still hot and sultry after the feeble trifle fickle rain. On the crossroads hoping to breathe fresh air and to be out of the bustles he crossed and moved on to
S<<<<<<<T<<<>>>O>>>>>>>P
....  the other side of Maidan = the open ground. which is the lung of the city used for military parade, racecourse, sports & games and public meetings &c. Leaving the road he treaded on the grassy meadows. He adored the raindrops were still on the blades of grass in soft soil. Evening’s fragile and insignificant rain could not mould the soil to muddy. Lights not posted on the field. somber and deserted. Streetlights afar peeping behind the trees. From the distant streets, the faint constant roar of waves of cars heard. This part of Maiden houses series of green tents of soccer & athletic clubs surrounded by trees & creepers. The raddled moon appears with an off-white creamy circle of halo with semi bright light. It seemed nobody else was around here. players gone home long time ago. spectators gone home long time ago.  lovers gone home long time ago. walkers  gone home long time ago. He premembered centuries ago these places were covered by thick forest that could have been the extension of the parts of Sundarban. reigndom of robbers. who used to loot the travelers while passing through the forest? [Patch => As per 1 legend this place deriveth its name Chourangi, from a Dashnami yogi called Chourangi Giri, who was probably worshiped by robbers in the woods? The city along with this central part was developed mostly in an unplanned way, as the City Of  Palaces by the British occupants. Source: Wanderer’s Worddrobes].  
....  Those forests vanished long ago. Still there are some more trees than some other bald parts the city, just waiting to be butchered for more and more populist pressure of tailor-made ‘development’ in the near future. 
....  He was on the move.
His thought process interrupted. Abruptly a female figure approached him out of the dark corner of a tent in the fuzzy light of the moon peeping thru the twigs of a high tree => Hi guy, wd u come to fish fun? I’ll satisfy u.
Porno smelled she wanted to lift customer in the dark perhaps due to her overage and deficiency in beauty, which could otherwise be explicit in the light. So he remarked to amuse => Vacate the place. How’d u placate me Oldie? 
Hit by this remark the woman sharply picked up his right hand, exported it into her own boobs inside her kameez and replied.=> See yourself if I’m an old woman!
Porno wanteth to stay his hand happy over there by applying some of his handicraftmanship, but she holdeth his hand in defunct mode over her bOObs and continueth hard selling => Now u know if I’m old or young so what u wanna do? –uck or –uck?      
== How much? Grinning Porno wanteth quotation.
== For  s - - k  : @ 100/-.  
==  ,,  f - - k  : @ 200/-.  She rateth herself.
== Porno draggeth his hand from inside her blouse and sayeth => I shan’t go  for any  
-u-k / as my pocket is duck / like this empty ground. She was appalled.
== Bye Beauty / See u Sweetie!
== Oh boy, foxed me completely! A drunk in kind but sly in cash, she giggled.



(((((((((((())))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.2.23

Chapter 23: Hinderland2


Omni Pundit’s Fizza 3
....  Porno was on the move.
The sermonz of prophessor Omni Pundit’s Fizza that evening back in Bangasudha retracked on his mind’s radar.
== Before joining in the college teaching job, what were you doing Punditda? Lolona wanted to know.
Omni Pundit bites pizza / guzzles a fizz / puzzles his fizza => If I tell you’ll tell Omni Pundit is telling tale. Before joining in the college teaching job, I had worked as a canteen manager. Mostly my customers were the officials in the adjoining bank.  He rubs his unruly hair with one hand.
== If any thing there haunts you still? Lolona reasked. 
== Horribilis! Lolo, aplenty. The officials there were quite friendly and informal with me. An employee named Phoni babu, nicknamed Fighting Phoni, as he was always argumentive with his colleagues. yet was intimate with me. 1 day he  told me => I’m hungry, give me some solid food. 
== Why solid Phonida?  Haven’t lunched at home? I said.
== Yesterday whole day and night gone for office. Couldn’t go home.
== What such important work at night in office? I was amazed to add.
== Not only in office but also in police lock up. Phonida.
== Why? you stole money? I joked.
== Better if I stole. Oh, say no more of my ordeal. for a single paisa difference in balance in half yearly closing. Our Zonal Manager is a mad person. The bank is losing crores of rupees in bad debts, the high officials sanctioned taking kickbacks, which are irrecoverable non performing assets. The CMD censuring GM. GM bypassed it on the Zonal Mangers. And the Zonal Manager bypassed the pressure on us. Lakhs of rupees has been spent for years, even before my joining here, on this single paisa difference in balance, which did not tally for years.
== What happened last night to you? 
== Last night at 8pm before going home, the Zonal Manager saw me alone working in the office => Go home at night only after tallying the balance. He ordered.
However, I failed to tally it even at 12 night. So I thought coming tomorrow early in the morning, I will tally it, before the ZM comes at 10 am. I asked the security guard to lock the gate after I leave. Phonida continued.
....  There was no transport on the road at midnight. No people on deserted streets. When I was walking past the police headquarters at Lalbazar, cops interrogated me: Where are you going?
== To Sealdah Station to catch train for going home.
== Coming from where? Must be involved in some dark deeds in the dark.
== No Sir, coming from my office in BBD Bag. 
== Which office? Open at night?
I named my office. They were skeptic:  The bank open at night? They didn’t believe. Took me in their custody. I give them the contact number to verify. They could not verify until it is morning, when they phoned the ZM. The ZM told them that I was to remain in office to finish the closing work. So they released me in the morning. Then instead of going home, I went back to office to tally the balance and was working on it, when the ZM reached office earlier and called me in his chamber. 
== Last night you were going home — must have gone after tallying the balance? ZM asked. 
Lol
== No sir, not yet tallied. Phonida was fumbling. scared to be fired.
== Then how could you go home? How the police released you! Let me talk to them. They should take you back. He lambursted me and about to call the cops. 

Lol
== Sir, Sir, please don’t call them. I’m working on it even not going home. I promise it will be done before the office starts at 10. I said to prevent him. Phonida explained.
== Then could u tally? I asked.
== I knew it was a long-standing difference from several years backlog left unsolved by my previous officers, cannot be tallied in straight bat by hook. Therefore, I tallied it by crook, and informed the ZM. Last night I couldn’t sleep at the police lock up. Also due to mosquito bites.
Lol

....  That moment a handsome youngster came and called Chokita. Chokita left saying => Coming back.
Roqea Ray said.=> I didn’t know Chokita has a boyfriend.
== Generally good looking girls bag the boyfriends mostwhere. Omni Pundit observed, while he bites a pizza / guzzles his fizz / puzzles his fizza.
== The term goodlooking is flawed. and differs to different people. Is there any definite criteria by which a woman can be called as goodlooking? Roqea doubted!
== Quite correct. Supported Lolona Lal. 
== Lolo, you are good looking. No doubt beautiful, to be called like the Sundari tree aka Heritiera Fomes of Sundarban. (Lolo blushed). Nevertheless, apart from artistic and beauty standards, even there’s a mathematical symmetry behind every beauty like you. 
== Since you’re a mathematician prophessor, you find out mathematics behind everything. Suhit Seth hit.
== OP replied:
Not everything is mathematics
Yet there may be mathematical precision
behind manywhere of the beautiful creation

....  Stopping to rub his unkempt hair with one hand, OP commented:  Since the ancient times a beautiful woman figure has been considered who has good bust, small waist with rounded heavy butt. Nevertheless, some researchers overseas have derived a procedure of mathematical symmetry with precision for the female figures, deemed to be called as good looking to the naked eye assessment. 
== Wow! wowsome! How! What should be the ideal standard proportion of an hourglass female body? The women there were very much eager to know.
== Listen => the formulae for measuring good bod hourglass woman figure =>?

! Arrive at the ratio of hip-waist by dividing the circumference of the waist by that of the hips—> with 0.7 to be the ideal outcome.
(° l º)
!! The best cup size is DD or E. O-O 
(°j º)
!!! Divide the thickest circumference of thigh by total height, to get the optimum thigh-height ratio—> to be 0.3 
(*!*)
!!!! Who score higher, have more accurate shape of bod.
(*t*)
!!!!! The scores of 1 to 5 assigned to open eye appreciation of the proportionate curves and contours of the body.
[Source => Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
(^!^)
....  Therefore, Girls, you may plan to get an attractive vital stat hourglass figure from now on following this parameter. Omni Pundit encouraged them. He pondered a bit to add: 
Like beautilization of a body
each & every beautilization
= beautiful utilization is well balance
attaining symmetry in proportion

== Punditda, I think naturally young women’re very much interested to have attractive figure. But certain calculations—how to be appropriate for our respective figures, we can’t figure out. will you guide us please? Roqea Ray pleads for all girls. Girls, isn’t it?
== Yes. Of course. You must guide us. Lolo demanded.
== Lolo, RoRo remember =>
In the short run
mostly mediocrity is rewarded as beautiful
Yet in the long run
nothing is more beautiful than the impossible

== We don't want to hear your any ploy. You've to tip us to look beautiful.
== Of course there is a bypass. OP added >>The poet said =>
In cosmosphere
times turn impossible  i’m possible

== So, we being the short run mortals, show us how to gain the ideal proportion.
== But Ro Ro, Lolo, for that ideal proportion, I have to calculate for the respective body measurement of yours — each and every body having different shapes & sizes. however, remind me later on, if I have time. as that will eat much of my time separately for eachbody.
== You know Punditda is always very busy. You come to us. Suhit + I will train and fine-tune you to shape up an attractive skintillating body. Unman offered the girls there. 
== Sure, we’ll turn you to Hollywood divas. Suhit supported Unman. You just contact me anytime here—and abruptly lifting Ro Ro’s upstart skirt a bit, wrote his contact number on her rosy thigh.
== We’ll slap you, mischief-makers! Just see Punditda, the badmas duo again bullying. Ro Ro’s mock complain.
== Hey, Suhit & Unman, baboons—Hylobates hoolocks, don’t bully the women. I see you’re very much interested on womaniac beauty business only. So there’re many businesses on this line >>> fashion industry, modelling, cosmetics, beauty parlour, breast milk supply kiosk on line.. 
== Wow! Wowsome! How? Suhit + Unman being instantly interested.
== As you know, there is firm belief that the most beneficial food in the world is breast milk. But did you know that having no food with her, a woman nourished herself in New Zealand, drinking her own milk?
Everybody wondered! Wow! Wowsome! How?!
[Patch => The Auckland runner 28 year-old Amanda Johnson disappeared from other runners in the wilderness, missing her running trail in a forest park. To foil the bite of the chill, she dug a pit in the dirt, and covered herself with soil to keep herself warm. she drank her own breast milk to sustain herself in the cold night. 
In the pebbly Orongorongo river bed, the rescue chopper pilot spotted from the above Amanda, who was as if  suddenly emerged out of the mostly submerged long narrow microcontinent Zealandia.  Consisting of many submerged little islets in the South Pacific Ocean—the terrestrial tips of which are the country New Zealand’s 2 large islands—the South island & the North island. Returning home the first and foremost duty of Amanda was to breast-feed her hungry 6-month-old daughter. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]

Himalayas will move further

....  Porno was on the move
His thought process again diverted.
He saw a tall man of robust stature wearing white dhoti kurta, shadowing him from distance. He mused jungles & robbers of those days had vanished long before; but robbers that are more dangerous are rampant now a day. not to speak of night. even in broad daylight. in plain dress with sophisticated firearm. amidst crowd. only different robbers. different weapons. different dress. He once had read in his childhood fables about the Dacoits of Bengal. he premagined then probably the robbers were dark colored or they blackened themselves like black shoe polish– oily body to slip if caught– upper part of body bare – face perilous with long hair and bow moustache – having dots of vermilion or blood smeared on their forehead – in dhoti sported above knees and firmly tied to waist. They used lethal weapons. Nevertheless, he feared no robbery when he returned home by late night. Only an all-purpose bankcard with small limit with him, which if stolen, can be promptly replaced. So when the shadower guy came to him and asked to Follow him to the black van stood on the nearby road, he was not scared. 
....  The Man led him to the Officer and informed: Sir, here’s a catch of the day.
The Officer queried.=> Whom you’ve booked?
The Source confirmed: Sir, he might be a militant – was found obscenely with a pros in open public place over the playground.
Officer interrogated => Who are you? Any Photo ID?
Porno showed the bankcard. Officer charged to indict.=> What are you doing here at this dead of night?
== Done nothin’ illegal. Just walking for a breather.
== You know I’ve the power of even to challenge a minister?
== Oh sure, who doesn’t know? Porno resisted a bursting laugh.
== The Source now tougheth: Good that you know. Then dish out 500 bucks. Otherwise, you’ll be arrested and put behind the bars.
== On what charge?
==.You were involved at the open public place in an objectionable condition with a whore. In addition, you might be booked under any of the so many Charges => theft, snatching, pick pocketing, terrorism, immoral trafficking, drug dealing, drunkenness, hooliganism, infiltration from foreign country, sedition and conspiracy against the state  ….. under the Indian Penal Code.
== Then it’s better Sir, u import me to yr custody. I don’t want to remain outside. Becuz if I stay outside then I am to return home to my wife and swallow her elixir of fiery words. So it’s safer to be in yr shelter. Free dorm boarding & lodging and there’s no nagging woman. I’ll be free there. Porno pleaded for his arrest.
== We won’t hear your trash excuse. shell Dish out the money. Quick! Or sit  in the black van.
== No money left in my pocket, Sir.
== The Source man searcheth his pocket thoroughly. Hanky in 1 pocket – in the other pocket some paper which he sniffed for money. But he dost picketh up the papers only and a few coins. Some share scripts that sparked Porno like coming of the ball to his court which he returned capitalizing this propportunity with professional efficiency to hawk his mantra  fluently.=> Oh, you’ve reminded me important works, thank you Sir. Look at these papers. Very lucrative shares. Which one U prefer? Price of petro shares to rise soon. Alternatively, take infotech shares – top Companies sir—anywhere any share. Keeping money in bank is no  more profitable now as the bank interest slides down more and More. Book share in the morning. Book profit by the noon. you’ll see the price of yr share is upped and you gain a Handsome amount. Just tell me sir yr preference. He paused a bit to recall today’s index— 
[Patch => Today’s Index: SENSEX 24793.96 ^ 134.73 ||  NIFTY 7531.80 v 46.50.  Source :Wanderer’s Wordrobes.] 
— Oh, you can’t trust Me? Ok, then just call Mr. Hembrom, your Superintendent, who is an esteemed customer of mine, in this number referring MY Name to him. Porno showed him a number. 
Noticing the name and number of his boss, the officer as if electrocuted, scaled down readily and scolded his source in sotto voce => Look whom you’ve booked —a dead drunkard / having only a bankcard!
....  He released Porno instantly => Sir, you go. You’re free.
== Sir, ye re forsaking me! Ye re my father mother. Ye ain’t doin’ justice to me. Oh, how could ye be so cruel on me? Ye depriving me of yr Gracious & Affectionate Shelter and pushing me back to the loving cruel paws of my kind wife?!? Ye wd bbetter rescue me keeping behind the bars. Porno pretended tipsy.
....  The Sir found grave danger, if this man complains his boss…? He again fired his Source => This is yr terrorist! Huh! Remove him at once.
His aide fumbleth: Sir, he looks like that. (Then to Porno)—So u Go away. Away. Sir has kindly released you. (milking all the coins from Porno) U needn’t pay anything.
== Okay Boss, goin’ but am deeply aggrieved. I don’t wanna  go. But when when when  ye re askin’. Thou art my father mother. I’ve to go. Have to go. Have to Go. Have to have to have to go. Porno moved out of the spot.
....  Porno was on the move.
Back to his previous route. Coming to a safe distance, Porno exploded into a belly laughter => Oh the Almighty Gatekeeper of Law and Peace, you have the enormous power of even challenging a minister, yet you’re afraid of yr boss… You need to fill your daily quota of Offenders—which you fill up somehow even arresting non-offenders—also to fill up yr own unfillable  pocket…Hah hah! 
....  Again, he en routed into the dark field. treading on aimlessly. erratically. on instinct. where To? what for? He had no answer. As he was undecided. Perhaps due to some inner urge to taste and enjoy reckless freedom from the painful & chainful humdrum drudgery of day-to-day stereotyped  rules. regulations. routines. habits. and customs. The streaming & teeming cars on surrounding streets sounding like seawaves afar. Waves? But sea might be beyond hundred miles from here. Was Here ever sea in any primeval age? Only the river Ganga aka Hooghly now is beside here. Now this is a city of only 1 species- humans.
....  In marine museums Porno has seen aquatic animals like African and Rock hopper penguins of warm weather from South Africa and South American coastlines. He premembered Punditda in BangaSudha once told them about a penguin who used to return to his savior every year! [Patch => Dindim was a South American Magellanic Penguin, who was found by an angler Joao Pereira De Souza. on the Atlantic coastlines near to Rio de Janeiro. He fed and nursed the starving penguin carefully in his depleted condition, waded in the oil leaked in the sea from oil tankers, and recovered him to give a new lease of life. Afterwards curing fully, Dindim swam back to his community of penguins where he came from—the Patagonian coasts of Chile and Argentina. Dindim, as named by Joao, paid him yearly visit swimming back about 3-5 thousand miles from his home in June, and remained with him till February each year, perhaps thinking his rescuer Joao as a member of his family. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
....  But Porno wouldn’t like to be a goodie penguin, otter, seal or a jumping dolphin. Rather he would be like a giant whale, shark, octopus, that might be tough and belligerent enough to repulse and win over others living on other fishes and marauding his opponents like a leviathan — especially the offenders like his tormenter wife Kaya…He gazed at the sky overhead. full of seen and unseen stars, planets, moon and comets… on his mind then were flickering thoughts… hovering like the sweeping Halley’s comet, which he watched from the roof of his house, as well as in the US sky above, and the showering splinters of meteors sparkling allover the night sky. As it was presumed that the showering splinters of meteors could have hit hard the dinosaurs to be extinct:
Even the Himalayas move

The skeletons of ancient animals dyno
reptiles alligators mammoths bears sharks 
seen in the natural history museums
still chase him in the field 
Where will you flee?
On your front is panther
at your back is hunter!

the Himalayas move & will move further

The deluge of joys and sorrows
of bygone years surfaces now and then  
How many eras before
in the primordial stone age 
once those predominantly free
marauding predators
were being turned to fossils and stones?
Now shut in those showcases
boundaged by the curious humans
How massive were dynos & other biggies
Crueler— who knows—even than wo/man?
Their species abolished from the earth
as whoever unable to acclimatize
with the hot & cold sweet & sour
mood of the earth to be extinct scour
Like those burning meteors attracted 
toward the earth— cooled to be temperate
Those burning stones could have fatally hit 
living objects as dynos in the earth to be extinct
The burning meteors ever splintering
allover the mind as in the universe 
in attraction detraction & destruction ever
Where will you flee?
On your front is panther
at your back is hunter!

the Himalayas move & will move further
(~!~)

Buddha mediates as showpeace in gallery
mummies royalty of cruelty opted cage
willing to live later life after lives
flighting comets satellites & avrocrafts
allover the universe will hover
olden rickety earth even in fossils
still storing the golden great hearts 
without being mummified
in the farthest hubs of human minds
Where will you flee?
On your front is panther
at your back is hunter!

the Himalayas move & will move further


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E


2.3.24

Chapter 24: Hinderland3


So near is why so afar 
....  Porno was on the move.
He revisited and assessed their soured relationship inside himself to talk to the soothing zephyr for his wife, excepting which now none was there to hear: In fact, you’re to maintain at least the optimum distance if 2 different things are to remain together without friction. Look at the utensils, there is sound of friction of their movement when they’re staying together. The required distance of— at least for some days regularly from each other— when you’re not known to me and I’m not known to you— might be helpful. This distraction and detachment might again attract us to each other. You’ve never left me out for a long time, nor have I. We’ve known each other’s habit. mood. deed. creed. trait. bodies. preferred food. and dress. in minute details. There’s nothing new about it. For which now we don’t pay any heed or spend any time for each other. 
Being too near
is why we are to go afar
from one another

....  Scene past tense: Rewind to their earlier age + dress + place to premember

== You premember our first meeting when we were looking for the same Book in the college library? Porno’s service of ball to Kaya’s court.
== Yes, when we got it in a rack before that we came from exactly 2 Opposite directions and found the book on a shelf higher than the reach of my hand. So you picked that up first. I asked—are you takin’ this book? Am also hauntin’ it. Kaya’s dialogue.
== Is it? Then u take it first after that I will. Becuz I’ll require to keep it some days in home. He showed chivalry.
== So U take first then I’ll. Her return of the ball.
== No U take first.
== No U.
== U
== U
....  At last, they came to a truce that let them take a look at the book  on the table together at first. And they found it was not the latest edition of the book that was required to serve their purposes. So none of them took the book home. Instead, they found themselves stepping out of the library and sitting in the nearby park laughing over the funnatic incident. In addition, in the subsequent days they discovered they had identical heartistic choice in many respects. Also, those heady days they did not bother to find out what were uncommon between them, which now they are always eager to display. as now their likes & dislikes in most cases are diagonally opposite like their opposite sexes. As for example, those days’ politics, which they called politricks for its false tricks, could not attract them. Now they’re diehard supporters of 2 parties Ram  and  Bam, who  are always antagonistic to each other. Then they liked the other wave movies like those of Bergman, Goddard, Ghatak, Kurosawa, Ray, Fellini….but afterwards Kaya likes only soaps, serials, masala movies while Porno rarely sees any. They still love soccer but are fans of 2 arch rival teams only. So now, if she likes cat he will like dog and heated exchange of arguments will rain in cats & dogs. Change of time churned & turned them from lovers to Bête noire of each other. which cannot be bridged over.
Better think of winning the sun  O
But don't  think even in dreama
over your ruined life to win
your  bitter  litter  family
blistering spouse to pair
forget it ever to repair

In fact out of
4 seasons
5 senses
multiple enemies
hungry belly
butcherous market price
who accepted your stubordination?
who toned down to your rhyme or reason?

First rely on winning your inquest
then try others to conquest

....  He was on the move.
Some days ago due to leakage, water dropped dribbling in the bucket at regular rhythm in the washroom, though the water tap was tightly closed. The tap was to be repaired to stop the leakage. Therefore, he called the  plumber who advised him to change the ineffective inner pass that had lost its grip due to many years of frequent use. He was to buy a new to replace. Nevertheless, until & unless that done they were to face the insomniac music of falling drops day & night. As if the sound of their time tickled out in seconds by duty bound pendulum even in sleepy depressing nights => in their chetana = consciousness, and bichetana = sub consciousness in their life heading toward death. Porno Introspected. He reviewed his thought-reel to his current status. To Kaya (here to read the blowing breeze) he explained in a mild prudence: Our current drab relationship has become like the water tap, the inner pass  of which has lost its previous grip of smooth bondage & boundage due to much use, over the past years. year after year. year after year after year after year. We’re pressing hard to tight the tap. Yet the elixir of our relationship leaks continue to drop heading toward the end.
....  Time has dampened that dreambuoyance between the 2 heartizens and has manufractured the bondage into a bandage of boundage — that once used to spark their stark bodies together in their lonely lawn and garden in the first rain at black summer nights. Now as if they are the habitats of an old house of love, where the cemented joints were withered by time that can no longer weather the storm of the ravaging togetherness. As the ardent cement of love, mutual trust and understanding between the 2 parties are earnestly needed to continue a relationship smoothly. Nevertheless, in their case the difference cannot be bridged. No patchwork will do. So his conclusion => 
Let’s agree to disagree
offer to differ
to deter or defer our amity
turning into enmity

Let us go to our past rendezvous—that library for once again. In search of that particular book. We will find that out. However, like that time we will not take it. Rather from that starting point, we shall Fizzle out to 2 reverse directions. I back home. And you to your new Destination. You’ll be given adequate alimony. After all, you know I just want Peace. And we shall Never Meet. Though in your life =>

The flowers will bloom
I shall not see
No more shall I see


You Are Right If You Win Fight
== Shut up! Kaya erupted like a sudden volcano. You’re just just just a trifle little share broker, pretending to be a meantellectual. Don’t talk like a philosopher. U ain’t Vivekananda. Listen, I won’t leave this house. It’s my Father in Law’s House. I have the full right to stay here. U get out of this Place—You lazy crazy worthless  filthy lewd!!!! She constantly thundered him >> whose the then internal mental = menternal chemystry:
Always lamblasting the vocal shelling
 ,,  stinging deafening stun gun 
What’re you bursting I can’t hear 
I fear I’ve lost my ear

....  Porno could not recall where and whether Vivekananda advised any such thing. However, he tried to ease by drachenffutter: You just give me divorce. U Remarry or Elope with another man and have babe with him. I’ve no Objection. Rather I’ll give you money—
== : What? Drumpeting me money! I ain’t your dependent. I have a job. U Want divorce as u wanna remarry and be merry & funnatic. But I won’t dole u out that passport to fork masti. U re my Bête Noire. I hate you loathe you scorn you! In addition, if u  Force me, I’ll complain in Women’s Council, Human Rights Forum, get u hand cuffed, and will sue u jail u stating that u tortured me raped ME.
He revisited her psychic vista. he tops her hate list:
Lifting hood you bite mountain
which is unreacted by venom
Why wound your hood then?

== But that would be a misstatement. I’ve never forced you. Tho I  can. As most men are naturally stronger than most women. His chide.
== Who told U that? You remain with that joy. In fact, men are weaker than women by Nature, if they’re hit on the right spot. Her mighty lamblast from her wordrobe.
== How?
== That I will show u if u ever try to overpower me. When u will sleep, I will castrate u or hit below the belt to smash your balls….as those are useless if u are unable to produce a child. You are impotent. Her mighty counterattack.
....  It flashed Porno’s mind that moment the fact that Punditda told them only that day about a woman in Korea who was convicted allegedly for raping her husband. [Patch => The police in South Korea puteth a woman with surname Kim, behind the bars for allegedly raping her husband forcibly for 29 hours after locking and beating him up. The cause of her rape stateth to be for getting favorable mileage from her husband in the case of divorce. Source: Wanderer’s wordrobes. ] 
Porno added: Doc’s report revealized you have also defect. Then why not adopt other measures to have a child? His face lifting. Because he was well aware that—
Losing war but winning peace
may be often better than
winning war and showpeace

....  Nevertheless, she won’t relent. she’ll abuse. scream. scorn. beat. scratch him with nails. tear his wear. throw away everything near her. She will win. on her terms. and silence him to buy peace to brood:
~~~~Ceaseless grousing waves~~~~
~~~~~dash on the cemented steps~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~one~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~after~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~another~
hammer and groan again × again

I have turned to mountstone
Now silence is my only repulsion


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.4.25
Chapter 25: Hinderland4


Omni Pundit’s Fizza 4
....  Porno was on the move.
Reappeared in Porno’s mind the Sermonz of Omni Pundit in BangaSudha, when he had solicited his advice for how to contend, tame and contame a virago partner. Back in the evening when all their women friends left early for rain.
== Look Porn, don’t think that I am hoaxing and foxing u. as you’ve paid me  for a pint and dinner this evening. I’ve enjoyed the biryani, pizza and as u know, I always like my class and glass of  Kali Marka >> the country made classic & glassic BangaSudha. Banga is Bengal, Sudha is elixir. Therefore, Banga Sudha is Bengal elixir. And that’s why it is frequented by the resident Bongs.
== But how do you define the Bong? Alin poked.
== That has already been portrayed by the Poet:

O
Oh
Bong!
In your eyes
kajal of miracle
gunpowder in heart
sparklers vent mouth
damp in misty humidity
high into frail dreamdom
outshine all in risen realm

And for this reason, BangaSudha should be accorded a Heritage status. However, good that u consult me in womannerism. Not only u. Since my boyhood days. In our tiny town Biswapur. I was considered a sexponent in girlic affairs. I was called Don Juan by them. Adolescent boys used to come to me for advice. U know our Songket Sharma who used to come to our adda here regularly, was one of them. You can verify from him. So I’ll give u good advice not any badvice or sadvice. You see the conjugal bliss was once touted to be the most perfect one, can also be the worst one, when the partners claw each other as bête noire. I can recall a case at Purulia.
== Which case? Sarol eager to know. 
== There because of the fierce brawl and scuffle, the wife had jumped into the water well and shouting aloud from there accusing the husband above the well, from where the furicious husband reciprocating. However, at one stage the husband thought it would be more appropriate to combat her properly going down to give her befitting reply. So, he also jumped from above down to her.
== Did it not hurt them? Kuhak Kumar asked.
== Horribilis! No. Ku Ku, it was a miracle. none of them physically got any major hurt. There they continued to brawl until the neighbors rescued them and brought them up. Nevertheless, even after coming up they went on louder accusing each other. Omni Pundit paused. 
== Hearing the story of falling into well, I also remember a boy of 11 years was persuaded to an abandoned pit of a coal mine near Raniganj by one of his senior big brother, who pushed him aside into it, and covered the lid of the manhole. The fatherless orphan boy shouted in vain in the dark inside the poisonous gaseous dirty hole in hunger and thirst, hoping that he would be rescued by his father’s elder brother—with whom he used to stay and who loved him dearly. after several days of ordeal, it was the police who rescued him engaging firefighters who lifted him up. Until then he did not know that his big uncle was arrested by the police, who had tried to grab his father’s property, killing the kid—who was the only child of his deceased parents.  Alin narrated.
== But we are deviating from our point, Porno reminded.
== Horribilis! Yes. Coming to the point Porn, u have a solid healthy haute figure of a gymnast unlike most of us. You ain’t impotent. You have vigor and strength to win over yr wife. But menternally you’re a hesitant. U surrender meekly—U are a Meeky Mouze! that is why you are underguesstimated, worsted and your better half gets the better of you always taking the upper hand. your wife is brave enough to protame u like a totem. Reverse that. And u Will sweep. She beats u seeing u a coward. If she sees u forceful she may relent and give u way. Look at the history. Women always worship heroz. Besides Porn, are you sure, your counterpart has not in her mind to be sadistically contained + tamed = contamed by you? In addition, she might have hidden fetish desire / which have not been satisfied by u so far. That is why too she might have been furicious to instigate u to be tortured by u.
Porno argued => But should this might is right prescription applicable in case of husband & wife, Punditda?
== Horribilis! In principle Not at all. Not at all Babe. I'm saying this for all alike irrespective of  sex pattern, being gender neutral. as is in your case. Had it been such in case of your wife instead of you, I'd have advised her such as I'm advising you.  However, what can be done if one of the pair solely dictates the term, not assimilable by the other? As usually often it happens in case of a pair of cohabitators:
At first
1 says : other hears
Later
Other says : 1 hears
Thereforth
Both of them sayeth: others hear


Lol

Now in your case others hear your conjugal brawl.
== But in this male-dominated society — 
Before Porno’s finish, Punditda derailed him and intravened: Here no one sided sectarian or sextarian humdrum dialogue of masculism or feminism please! Rather speak of humanism, I will hear. Punditda lamblasted.
== Sextarian?! How? Porno and others were puzzled by his sudden fizza.
== How is it only male dominated, when your wife dominates over you? It’s only a parochial and one-sided idea floated by those who wanna squeeze xtra mileage out of it. In fact, generally still males mainly control the outward society, while females control the domestic society. This has been so because naturally most of them of both the sections of society wanted such— or followed the system without any substantially collective effort to correct and reverse it. If the females want en masse with tangible effort, they can be at the helm of economic and political power and if they deny & defy the unjust social and in some cases unequal religious restrictions imposed on them— they will reverse the trend to wrest the control of the outward society also. However, males will not be able to gain full control of the domestic society as so far the nature has entrusted only the females to bear the child and mother the society >> to rock the cradle and rule the world >> until and unless men are clinically and socially able to bear child in mass scale in the future—as it is expected. Also sperm will be generated from the women’s body. Still, the X and the Y chromosome will be needed for each other. At least for fun.
There must be
woods for woodpeckers
fishes for kingfishers
women for men
and men for women

Porno gets impatient => But what as of now?
Omni Pundit => Horribilis! Cool, Porn cool. As of now men will not be ever able to wrest the control of a substantial hamlet of the homeland, domiciled by feeble, helpless, old men & women and  minors— who are often steamrolled by a section of la femme fatales or the female editions of Hitler or Stalin, reinforced by their economic power — a cute acute cut piece of which has already been installed in your home-store permanently. which cannot be removed. restored. or destored. or deleted. Why do you forget that like in the past there are still matriarchal societies in some parts of the world? In fact if the women themselves really firmly strive and stride to be powerful in every respect, who will be able to prevent them to be a Jean de Arc, Rajia Sultana, Luxmibai, Helen Keller, Madam Curie, Valentina Therescova, Indira Gandhi,  Mother Teresa, or Margaret Thatcher?
== But Prophessor, u re deviating from our focal point.
== Right. Porn. Your problem is how to tame your virago or amazon. 
== Yea precizely. Porno reiterated.
== Looook Porn, Prophessor Pundit predicted rather predictated, the human society needs the balanced behavior of males and females, not sextarian domineering of one over the other. balance of power. not a few coercive  super men and women. but a society of common people. with well-balanced consideration and equilibrium. which if unbalanced and tormented by any one being the predominantly arrogant violator, without regard to the other— then the other should have no hesitation to apply mild shockwave of various degrees, or cold war to make the wrong things to be set to right— only if the peaceful means fail first again & again. As u know, there is nothing unfair in war, sex and politics. do u know the tactics, rather tactricks of today’s war? 
....  Porno, Alin, Sarol, Kuhak knew well that Prophessor likes to make prophecy relentlessly, they just fuel  him with an issue for his sermon /  from where they get some hormone. they pretended ignorance: What tactricks?
== Horribilis! U donno anything! All gibbons—Hylobates Hoollocks. The first tactricks is— that Alin knows better than I do. As he is a phd on this line. In his previous job one day he suddenly phoned his boss—Sir, I’m ill. My head aching. I can’t go to office today.
....  His boss was upset. He was loaded with tons of works, which would be jeopardized without Alin’s presence that day. He knew what Alin wants. So, smiling the boss advised—whenever I am ill, I go to my partner and have sex. All my illness vanishes. You may try it. And come to office after that.
Lol
== But— laughing Alin tried to protest and defend himself feebly. But he was jeered and cheered down by Kuhak and Sarol.
....  Nevertheless, Omni Pundit superseded => What was I telling? Omni Pundit wondered rubbing his unkempt hair with one hand.
== Tactricks of today’s war. Sarol reminded him.
== Yea. But if I tell/ you’ll tell / Punditda is telling tale. Sad. Look over here. What’s written in this newspaper? On the table, he stretched the paper and pointed out to read: “The best way to keep peace is to redefine war on our terms”…  “The only defense is an offence, which means that you have to kill more women and children more quickly than the enemy, if you want to save yourselves.” Then suddenly removing the paper his  

Q U I Z >> Who said this to whom, why, where and when?

....  He continueth: Horribilis! I knew u’re unable to answer—
Porno knew he could not answer so he countered to divert from the quiz: Punditda, this ain’t at all modern tactricks. This is only a polished modern version of the ancient thoughts —kantakanaibo kantakam by Kautilya.
Omni Pundit did not expect this return of the back volley ball to his court. However, he managed to reverse => If u explain that way there’s nothing alien under the sun. Only renovated application in renewed situation. We are to review renew
Recharge or recycle everything
in the changing perspective of your time
and make or start anew to renew

As in your situation, u do not have to kill anybody since this war is in yr. home front. Here you are to take the upper hand for a ‘Preemptive Strike’ for peace only for this time. What you said is to some extent right. Now we pretend to be ultrawise but at the same time, the world is back geared to the primitive jungle rule where aggression is the touchstone of success. Here everything turns to be aggressive. The success mania of today is:
You don’t have to kill
may not have the skill
but you must have
killer instinct to outdo others

So this is not my opinion, but as it goes, today’s mantra for success is, OP added:
Aggress aggress aggress
Only then you’ll progress
Otherwise you’ll regress


....  Porno could not deny this sad advice or rather sadvice. as reading Porno’s face he could easily read the dilemma that personally he is against the aggression as Porno is. So Punditda  soft-pedaled: But then in the world of hard nuts and tough gals & guys, there would remain no simplicity no belief no honesty no kindness no legacy no softhearted feelings? Only to win in win win situation? Then who will lose? In lose lose situation? Of course, now a days there are so many varieties of winning in so many fronts—
== How? Kuhak inquisitive.
== Horribilis! Ku Ku, that means you may win a lottery, a musical hungama, or even a pornstar woman for a month— 
Porn star winning mention made Alin and Sarol keenly interested. They demanded to know how to win a porn woman?
== That I cannot say. I was not there—where in Russia, in a competition, a boy of 16 won a full paid holidaying with a well-known top pornstar, in a ***** hotel in Moscow for a month. [Patch => The lad Igor (name changed) who won the prize, was elated, as he knew the porn star Irina (name changed) hath good sizes. Whilst his mother and sister were not at all amused on the news. They possibly feared this would harm Igor of his studies etc etc. Instead, they would be happy if the hosts giveth them 100000 Rubles as the prize money. Thence, another option the hosts of the event doth giveth them that >> instead of the winner, his father, the registered guardian of the winner, could avail the propertunity of the prize— to spend a month in the 5 star hotel with the porn siren—which was even more unacceptable to the mother of the boy Tatiana (name changed)—whose dilemma thou can well understandeth. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes]
== Oh, what a lucky boy! Even being a minor, he got this wonderful opportunity, while I did not know before of this competition! Alin lamented patting his temple.
Lol

....  OP wondered rubbing his unruly hair with one hand. then reconnected: Good soft & simple things will also remain. 
In fact, the commoners will have to remain
like countless herds of ship and chicken.
only to be slaughtered. only to be tampered.
,,  to be duped & falsely wooed for votes.
,,  to be squeezed by suckers!
Otherwise, costing whom success will come?
who will encore? will endure? who will cheer?
,,  will clap? who will hear? Obey the ruler?
,,  will pay taxes? and buy tickets?
,,  will plough to feed all?
,,  will labour to make good & goods for all?
,,  will follow religious diktats?
,,  will pray?
,,  will be prey? 
,,  will cry?
,,  who will die by bomb burst
or in the concentration camps?
The rulers clash commoners die
Commoners will remain
like countless simple soft grasses
simply to be trampled
only to be mowed to comply!

Until now good people are majority
So the world exists
When good people will be micro minority
The world will not exist
== What do you mean by good people.? Kuhak skeptic.
== Horribilis, Ku Ku, by good people I simply mean those who do not harm others or the atmosphere viciously for their own gain. When the evilage will prevail over the goodedge, the world will no longer exist. Prophessor Omni Pundit’s prophecy.
== Well, Prophessor, do you teach all thiz in your class?
== U gonna mad?
== Why? Alin quipped.
== Horribilis! Becuz, the public will not eat the theory of mine now. As a guest professor, if I teach this in the feminism inspired colleges, I would be labelled as a male chauvinist + they would take my words as Omni Pundit’s Booze Fizza, and instantly terminate my contract. Therefore, I teach them only what they will eat. Time hasn’t yet ripen for the people to eat this stark truth. 
== Then what they eat now? Now amused Alin again quizzed.
== Very uncertain. I presume =>
Most People eat one-dimensional
50% valid ideas near + dear to heart
by not taxing their brain painstaking
not vexing the reign brainstaking

== Like—?
== Like in the male-dominated society only males are subjugating the females, such half-truth I have to swallow to teach. Anugachhatu prabah— Go with the flo.
After all you’re to go
with the flo of time and tide
or you perish even if you re a dinosaur

OP concluded.
== But OP, what about women’s lib then? Kuhak's question. 
== Horribilis! Ku Ku, becuz I don’t know why they’re restricting to deter themselves to be satisfied by getting merely for the half only? Why not attempt and attain the full, thru ethical competition — by proving the competence and excellence? Then there could be no question. no regret. no compromise with quality thru unethical deprivation of others. 
Backwards are backwards
not only clearly because the forwards
worsted them by their said ability
but also rearly because of their irresolution
inferiority complex & said inability

....  Upgrade the inability to ability of any backward and downtrodden class through competence and peaceful competition in order to be forwarded. Fight unitedly the men and women whoever stand on your way. Acquire what you require. Also by demanding for the half, after all women's lib strive to serve for half of the human race only, not the whole. In  any whole Human Lib movement, they will have my 100% support. Because— 
In the world there are ample people
but only few humans

And it is everybody’s duty also to defend pure humans—not divided by race, color, caste, creed, sex, religion, region and national subdivisions. 

Peoples are not majority minority
black white, yellow brown, rich poor
theist atheist, pious, powerful powerless
local national international wo/men
but only simply wholly soully human


Omni Pundit rested. 

....  Porno panned to the present. Yes, grasses will remain only to be trampled. As then he was trampling grasses. 
He was on the move.


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.5.26
Chapter 26: Hinderland5


History Waits to Wave Hanky
....  Porno  had released his thought thread to spread far away that he then tried to rewind, roll back and sort out. …… Yes, he got it. He wished to be a shark, whale or octopus or a very large kind of peculiar aquatic leviathan, or the Matsya Avatar not yet discovered, might be in his next birth. But just not not not a goodie dolphin. So that Kaya will not be able to worst him. Let her be whatever she likes. However, he was bemused to dreamagine his chasing and her fleeing! when this may happen? Probably not at very far way off. As the geo scientists have predicted that the low-lying cities of  the  world  including Kolkata will be submerged under water < due to rise of the water label of the oceans < caused by melting of ice. Nevertheless, regarding rebirth there may crop up several problems:
....  If there is any such thing as rebirth? If there is, also then what is the guarantee that they will be born in this part of the world and not in the Terra del Fugo or elsewhere? What is the guarantee that he will be a stronger and she a feebler aquatic animal? If it happens just the reverse—that means he a feebler and she a stronger animal? What is the surety that they will be aquatic animals only and not mongoose and snake? What is the guaranty that they will partner again? What is the certainty that this city will be swallowed by the ocean? The environment might be bettered in future by the sincere efforts of good willed nations and green environmentalists and the governments. Therefore, these cities might be saved. Then?     
....  Nevertheless, if this city is really submerged under water someday then? Like the old Dwarka… [Patch => Also spelt as Dwaraka, Dwarika…the legendary town of Lord Krishna, an ancient town mentioned in the Mahavarat, situated at the tip of Saurastra, in the state of Gujarat, a holy place for the Hindus, famous for the Dwrarakadhish temple. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.] …This way he moots:
There are roots of destruction
in every creation
and shoots of creation
in every destruction

Likewise, some of the remains of his city may be in the seabed.  Who knows? He would  like  to know  what would be the fate of the current awful share market of mishmash & mismess & up & down + and his office. if it really submerges then under the sea there would be no ups & downs of equity shares but the ups & downs of currents. Then a coral habitatmosphere probably or a busy thoroughfare like now, not of humans but of fishes and aquatic multifauna or a Kingdom, rather his Dreamdom Animalia, ruled by the then aquatic leviathan, the Matsa Avatar under water. 
      He was on the move.
But where was he heading? Where his eyes were leading. He was just walking. continuously. but slowly. and steadily. Only a booze can’t destabilize a genuine North Kolkatan guy like him who was born & brought up & schooled there— who rated himself with a touch of aristocratic brag— unlike that of the rapid-rich refugees of the South— who have no root in this city > like Kaya < who was a by-product of the erstwhile East Bengal. Though he has now shifted to the South. in a more spacious house. acquired by his late father. leaving his commonly inherited ancestral building in a congested Northern lane. Still he could not adjust himself with the Southern ratmosphere of Kaya, being originally hailing from the Northern catmosphere — where there was still a sense of more social affinity.
....  Nevertheless, social awareness in this city was also a fragile myth and often a vague term. The teeming crowd was not always the proof of social awareness. One day he had an accident while he was driving his car. A truck collided with it and fled away. People gathered all around him, burned some other cars, beat their drivers blue, and barricaded the street demanding the truck at bay to be brought to book. While his wounded body was lying there writhing in pain on the open street in front of the so many curious eyes and clicking roviles. But nobody cared to hospitalize him. After lying there unconscious for about 45 minutes, the police transferred him to hospital. Good luck that he survived that time and the wound healed without any bodily loss.
....  Another story of heartlessness he premembered now that he had heard from Punditda. When he worked as a canteen manager, like every day, after closing the canteen after office hours, he was walking over the bridge toward the Howrah station to catch train to go home, with one of his customer, the chief cashier of the bank Robida. While a younger colleague of Robida joined them walking fast from behind and asked him => Robida, have you locked the strong room of the vault today? I saw you haven’t done it properly— and yet going back home? Millions of rupees of the bank lying in the open to be burgled away? You being the chief cashier of the bank will be responsible for the burglary, and remain for life in jail lock up for your sheer negligence in duty.   
Robida used to get immediately irritated, which his colleagues enjoyed: Pranking with me? I’m the senior most in the office! I’ve locked it. Key is with me.
== Not believing me? I have left office after you had left. I have seen some other employees talking about it with the manager. Ok, police’ll reach your home before you reach.
Doubting, Robida with glaring eyes turned back quickly towards office. The younger colleague burst into laughter after he gone: At this ripe age, he has been heading towards dementia. He can’t recall properly if he has locked the doors, drawers safes and vaults. So he checks the locks repeatedly, doubting he hasn’t locked.
== Today has he locked? Punditda asked.
== Oh, sure. Just few months back before his retirement, he couldn’t take any such risk to forget locking without checking. The younger colleague laughed again.
Nevertheless, Punditda wasn’t amused to hear it. Because then the old man often had to walk several miles back to his office for his colleagues’ heartless jokes— for which he had to suffer almost every day, having no fault of his own!
....  Porno was on the move.
The dinner with Omni Pundit was sumptuous and delicious this evening. Porno had a full belly with a free mind. He would walk now and go wherever his feet lead him to go. So he did not care whatever it might clock. The sky was clear. Clouds drifted away. The cozy river zephyr has eased the temperature and humidity tolerable. He already crossed the grassy meadow of the Maidan on foot.  Now  preview  of  the lighted Masthead of a ship suggested him that he has approached near to the Ganga. The twinkling garland of lights over the Vidyasagar Bridge reminded him his walking days on the Brooklyn Bridge in New York City. 
....  Porno returned to the present time. Outside the Netaji Subhas Dock there a few ships, flotel, and many boats parked. Once in this place a ship full of books named Bookuet anchored, which he visited to see the books. 
He was yet to cruise to manywhere. But on one thing he is adamant—not to take Kaya with him. Now cigarette was burning quicker beside the airy river. The same river, which has guided the civilization for thousands of years! The same river he has seen at Hrishikesh, Hardwar, Prayag, Varanasi, Farakka, Nabadwip, Diamond Harbour …. and at so many places. The same yet so different. He threw the last puff of  the cigarette into the water and got up. There he got a taxi that transferred him to his home. Standing in front of his house, he looked a while at the somber house, seemed now unfamiliar to him to ponder:

Whose Woeful House is This!?
....  Taxi waited. as he asked the driver. Suddenly his own voice talking to the driver seemed to him unknown. Looking at his own house in the dim moonlight, he mused whose queer forlorn forsaken house is this!
Whose voice/ whose town/ whose woeful house is this!
At dead night hearing my own alien voice it seems
whose voice! whose whose whose voice is this?!
At the end of sojourn back to my own town it seems
which town! which which which town is this?!
At the end of years facing my own fallow house it seems
whose woeful whose whose woeful house is this?!
Whose woeful house/ which town/ whose voice is this?

....  Doorbell pressed. Kaya opened. Porno brought money from safe. fare paid with tips. taxi hustled away. Porno reentered. Kaya stood. like a stony police officer. to investigate == Why have u returned waltzing in the morning? Better not to come back. from where you were with your sluts. Her show-cause notice.
== Why should I not return to my house? No rovile phone with him, he consulted the wall clock just crossed 1 o’clock.
== 1 o’clock at night ain’t late? Then what’s called late? I told u to home early today—I had to visit my Mother’s—Her shrill voice scaled atop.
== Don’t shout. Neighbors’re sleeping. U are a Sound Pollution. Go away and sit back in the lap of yr Mommy. I left the car at home for u. Why didn’t u go? Bolstered up, he took verbal baton from his wordrobe to charge. 
== What? Me a sound pollution? Let everybody hear u re a drunkard. a lewd. a lumpen. a sordid sot. a satan.
== A night owl!
== Why do u howl?
== Don’t play fowl!
....  Agitated he cogitate if I appease this bitch woeman, she’ll definitely bark as usual, and if I overpower her? The result is unknown. Possibly, she will curse, but there is also a chance of shock treatment. So why appease this woeful woeman? Let me experiment differently this time to charge her womanarchy. Remembering the Sermonz of the Prophessor Omni Pundit, who often whipped to dub him as Meeky Mouze, and advised everybody there =>
You might be a timid cat
yet roar as a tiger

....  He was rejuvenated. He turned furicious: Me a satan! Okkkkk. Let me be that. I’m making yr bandobast. 
He slammed the door. Draggeth her vehemently overpowering by sheer force. Tearopened to rob her robery to denude her and pushed her to bedjust. While she, dazed at first by his reverse sweep, resisted, slapped, clawed and scratched his face. She was utterly amazed and damaged by the blunt rage of her meek hubby who always gives up everything. But soon understanding it was futile and not fruitile to resist his sexertia, she relented. yet continued to shell out the fomentum of her verbal carpet-bombing to sexcite his loventure to gain the penultimatum >>> U beast, brutal bull—not even as good as a breeding bull! 
Her verbal carpet-bombing provoketh him as the drillitant to drill for sexcavating into her bodily cavity more wildly and vigorously and she felt with hidden sextasy Hiz stuffocating solid rockhard intrusion, penetrating her body and towering & flowering her feeling. She found back the glimpse of her gymnast hero, whom once she adored in her college days, after a long time with his erotic herotica! She reckoned with joy that finally now she will be conceived and have a baby by him, while him all on a sudden begained the uncorked schadenfreude.


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.6.27
Chapter 27: Unleashedland1


Buzzer of the Bazaar
....  An early riser, like everyday Porno waked up at dawn with the sunrise and found Kaya still asleep beside him. Her one hand grasped him innocently within the sleep. He removed her hand slowly. Noticed a new entry in her coverless body publishing the tattoo south of her naval, an of late permanent tasteless decoration, which he did not like at all, with the vital state of the vital stat of her dare bare fair fatty flabby hips + waistern estate + breasts. Though
The nude body
rude face
in sleep refreshed
her arrogance
to impuissance

It is difficult to realize
yesterday's cloudy prequel
seeing today's shiny sequel

....  She didn’t care for her fitness, he elicited  her— to burn  to trim and slim— that she refused again and again. But he cared. So after mouthwash he didn’t go to the gym. in the roof he exercised: Surjya Namaskar + yoga aasans. Facing the sun he chanted the sun mantra to handshake with the sunshake:
 ¤  Om jabakusuma sankasham kashyapeyam mahadyutim
  Dhantaring sarbapapaghna pronotoshmi Dibakaram…
....  Shaving. mirror showed the purple scratch. down his left cheek. inflicted by Kaya. last night. burned with the touch of blade.  rubbed a little antiseptic cream. The mark of scratch in face. embarrassing. what everybody will say? giggle over it. as the woman’s love bite? his bath. his dress up. afresh. 
....  His look up at the headlines. of today’s newspaper. the sports page. he knew that his soccer club Green & Maroon would clash with their arch rival Red & Yellow brigade, Kaya’s horse, in the super division league derby match today. He was afraid their injured ace Brazilian striker Carlos would not be able to play. The medio Rob Mukherjee would be extra loaded in the attack with Baxi, Rao and Dais against the rival’s star striker Songket Sharma and the Brazilian Batista with the Nigerian  defenders. If his team loses to Kaya’s, she would be happy. to jeer. leer. and cheer. 
....  The Bazaar page. he took stock of the situation of Stock  Market. at a glance. He stopped a while to factasize how far his own, Punditda’s and his customers’ investments will be affected by this gloomy picture of the bazaar. He scrolled down further to see if he can invest a bit in foreign exchange. He saw the current Exchange Rates of that day:
Currency : INR
US Dollar 66.6650.  Euro 74.4781. BP 94.4830
Australian Dollar 50.2314.   CAD 50.337
China Yuan 10.2487. Jap Yen 0.5877. SA Rand 4.3157
[Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
So, his decision: NO. The situation isn’t yet ripe to jump. Tho Bullion is slightly upbeat. Still have to wait and watch for more correction.
....  Porno took bag and wallet to bazaar. The Bazaar. just a few blocks away. Near the market place, he was held by the aged Mrs. Vaz who was a client of him and always complained whenever there was any downtrend in the stock market, but never complimented him whenever she gained with his suggested shares purchased. Mrs. Vaz was like a talking machine which if started forgot to end her lamentation => Bank interest rate constantly dropping—Share prices sliding down—this is stock market or shock market? —prices of consumer goods, cooking fuel hiking sky rocketing for one after another war cry and share scams. Only we the commoners are suffering while the warlords, millionaires, multinationals, Crime Ministers, misleaders, mafias and horrorists are thriving.
1 side of the baffle wall
the rich 1% have 99% of wealth
Other side 99% les miserable
have not more than 1% worth

....  Mr. Mandal, an ex-worker of a locked out company and now a sick Insurance agent, standing nearby supported her. The sum and substance of his reessay was => It’s with what acute constraint and difficulty we’re supporting our family, we only reckoncile. The powerless people perceiveth their protest futile and not fruitile for their devoid of power— generally avoideth these issues and keepeth their conscience clean. As they knoweth well that =>
Politics sans ideals today is more tricks
to snap power polluting into politricks

Hold or sold?
But Mrs. Vaz didn’t release him to interrogate now which share to buy which to sell? The question was:
Which  to  hold?
”  to be  sold??
Should buy gold???
Porno precalled the bullion market price quotes from his rovile gadget at a glance =>

Bullion World Spot Price: Asia, Europe, NY Bazaars
Gold: High1219.30| Low 1210.50|Time 03:55(E) ^ 0.04%
Silver: High15.39  | Low 15.09  | Time 03:51(E) ^ 0.33%
[Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]

Q U I Z >> These quotes pertain to which date?

He mulled =>
where sharemarket price is upping downing
s~e~a~w~a~v~e~s running => rising ^ falling v
who knows all things in the box of Pandora? 
So just to buy more time to pushback her temptperature a little down he advised: Listen, the market is volatile now due to global slump. Let the picture be a bit clear first. So now don’t buy don’t sell. Just hold for few days more for correction. Then I’ll tell you. Porno tipped and fled to avoid her more queries. Because he was well aware =>
Who is wise knows
what to look for
as well as what to overlook

He entered the crowded bazaar to pick and choose vegetables and grains.
He...bargained
and bargrained
As he knew =>
You can gain
if you can bargain

....  Back home he refelt the burning sensation in the scratch of love bite in his face beside the left end of lips that bruised.  He busied himself to tally the goods he purchased from the market with the expenditure incurred. When
Enter Kaya
Dishes out a plate of:
4 piece toast with black pepper powder & no sugar (to avoid blood sugar)
+ 1 boiled egg + 1 banana + a cup of lemon tea.
Starred. at the scratch. in his face. down the left cheek. Nail art by her. Then without uttering a word her
Exit
....  Porno was amazed. As she didn’t make any adverse remark on the items he has purchased from the bazaar now, which she normally did vehemently. However, he has decided to go on his own way ignoring her comments and let her go on her own way, which she normally did since their mismarriage and miscarriage,  paying no heed to his words. He could not decrypt her reactions neither black nor white.

Rainbow Between Black & White

If you see only
virtue & vice  black & white
how will you appreciate the rainbow of life
is good or bad outright?

We forget we live in between
dark & light  virtue & vice
in gray areas between heaven & hell
in the world of joy & sorrow we hail
always needing to review & revise

....  The doorbell buzzed. He shut his window of invision and opened the door. Few boys of local club at the door.=> This year we wanna prepare ourselves for the ensuing Puja Festival much ahead of the fest. Pranjol, the Secretary of the fest stated. 
He gave them a 100 bucks note as subscription.
  : Giving only this much? Give us a little more! Pranjol with all other boys insisted => In 100 bucks the goddess won’t be able to eat buying even peanuts with all her siblings!
Lol

== How much do U expect me to subscribe?
== Not only subscription.
The rovile phone buzzed in his pocket. So he told them: Look, I’m busy now. Porno briefed the boys: There’s a Call for me from my office. I’m sorry I’ve to leave now for an urgent piece of business. U carry on. Please come next Sunday to hear your version.
The boys departed. 
Porno responded: Hiz, any update?
== Boss, fresh exquisite collection arrived, Hizol punned.
== (in low voice) Exquisite, really?
== Yes boss, sexquisite! Just for you. Better you check out the pics I’ve just sent u? — How?
== Wow! Where the collections are?
== They’re stored in my showcase, waiting for u.
== Come sharp being ready to take off. Don’t take yr car. I’ve rented a new.
== Okkkay. Hang on. I’ll be there soon.
....  In a hurry he changed dress. Took his hanky. watch. wallet. pen. card. lighter. Rovile and other tit bits. Deo sprayed on body. Before going out he just intimated Kaya => I’ve to go out of town on business. ’ll be back home tomorrow night after office.



(((((((((()))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.7.28
Chapter 28 Unleashedland2


Come on Cheers!
....  Rushing to Hizol’s shop, Porno found his sales girl only. He knew her. She was in her teens working in this shop to navigate her poor family by earning some extra bucks. She smiled sweetly and directed him to the fast food center where Hizol and his collection of 2 women awaiting him. These women average looking. Well dressed. The one in blue jeans and tees. Boy cut hair. Stretched her hand to him.  for a shake. and  introduced  herself 
== Hi I’m Shabnam.
== Hi I’m Porno.
The other one in salwar-kameez and ponytail with an inviting smile => Hie, I’ve heard so many times of you from Hiz that I almost know you, I’m Zinia.
....  Then they go on cross conversation in the midst of which they gauge their Prospective Partners that might be formatted this way: 

xxxxxxxxxxxxxx B i o d a t a xxxxxxxxxxxxx

Shabnam (As Figured out by Hizol)
Nickname: Shabnam.
Real name: Not revealized.
Age: Not disclosed. Might be--.
Sex: Female. (Hizol soliloquized: In fact that’s our main requirement.) 
Height: May be 5.3 (160 cm).
Bust: 35 (notional)
Waist: 25  ”
Hips: 36   ” 
Body Type: Proportioned.
Complexion: Brown.
Sexual Orientation: Bisexual.
Education: College drop out.
Occupation: Shop Assistant.
Food Habits: I prefer nonveg foods. Certain meats I don’t care to eat.
Health: At present I’ve no health hazard.  
Religion: Not disclosed. (Hizol monologuizes: It has no relevance here.)
Marital status: Married. 2nd  wife of her otiose husband— unable to sustain the family with 2 wives and lots of productions. Just after the birth of their last twins, her potty hubby appeared and interrogated her => May be the first baby is fathered by me, but who is the father of the second one?
Lol
{Unearthing this to others Hizol commented: Her hubby is worthless. unable to support them.
Zinnie remarked: Rather Shabnam sd thank her Shared Hubby for this.
== Why and How?! Everybody amazed. 
== Becuz it’s only due to him she can enjoy with so many Husbands according to her choice like Draupadi instead of only one! Everybody rejoiced.
Lol
Zinnie added: One midnight when a man was entering Shabnam’s room, after visiting his first wife in the dark— her little kid yelled: Mom, THIEF—entering in the room.  
Shabnam hushed her: Hush! It’s your father!  
Lol
But Shabnam says her mother in law always malign her. Zinnie continued.
Hizol added: I heard about a daughter in law who pushed her quarreling virago mother in law into a pond full of crocodiles.
== Really? then? Shabnam queried.
== Yet the toughie mom in law came up unhurt. Nevertheless, later the animal rights activists sued her for torturing the crocodiles. Hizol supplemented.} 
Uproarious laughter
Interests: Walking, flirting men, music, dancing, poetry, movie, relaxing.
Selfocus: I like fun, and to enjoy life with funny, humorous, rich and romantic handsome men and lassies who can satisfy and amuse me and share with me some of my interests.
Her Dislikes: Snobs and bluffers.

Hizol: (As Figured out by Shabnam) 
Nickname: Hiz.
Real name: Hizol Hazra.
Age: Not disclosed. Might be--.
Sex: Male. (Shabnam monologues: In fact MOTOS = Member Of The Opposite Sex is the biological magnet.) 
Height: Might be 5’6” (167.6 cm)
Body Type: Slender. {Shabnam preckoned: I am short stature. So I don’t like short and slender men. Rather good-looking tall and sturdy Porno is my horse, as guys’re only consumer goods + money making machines + security weapons + joy toy + child injecting gadgets to gals!}    
Complexion: Darkie.
Sexual Orientation: Heterosexual.
Religion: None. (Also it has nothing to do here.) 
Marital Status: Remarried after divorce.
{ Regarding this Hizol candidly expressed his frustrations: My 2 marriages are absolute flops due to my adventurous habits. 
== How? Asked Zinnie.
== For this habit my first wife left me. Hizol explained.
== And the second? Quizzed Shabnam.
== She is quite adamant not to agree to leave me by any means.
Lol
== Really unbelievable! Zinnie exclaimed.
== If you don’t believe, just ask Porn. We’re school pals.
Porno complemented: Hiz does such unpredictable thingz. 
He was very badmash— a mischief in school. That time our teacher Madam knew that Hiz’d be unable to answer her questions as he didn’t read the text books, yet she used to ask him to answer her questions everyday just to heckle him. One day she asked him in the class to change the voice —The officer transferred the clerk.
Hiz answered—The clerk transferred the officer.
Lol
Porno continued => That day Hiz was determined to stop her questioning him everyday to barrack. So when she asked him a question to answer in brief. Cool Hiz first opened his shirt in front of all in the class. Then when he unbuttoned his pant and was going to undress wearing the brief only—the girls were laughing hilariously—the appaled Madam said: Oh boy! what are you doing here? Hiz said innocently: Why ma’am, you asked me  to answer in brief. So I was just leaving all my wears sans the brief only to answer your question! The teacher said: No no, you won’t have to answer. And since then never had he to answer in the class.
Hysterical laughter
== Oh boy!  Whatta sly reply!
== Really, the school days were the best days in my life. Hiz said. One day the Madam asked a girl in our class—why are you late today. The girl replied—because a boy was following me when coming to school.
The Teacher said—Why didn’t you come walking faster?
The girl replied: What can I do Madam, the boy was following me very slowly. 
Lol
== Then one day the Teacher observed ending the class—well, the time is up. Really, the time as if flies.
One of our classmates, sitting nearby the window, promptly threw his wristwatch out of the window from the top floor in the highrise schoolroom.
The Teacher wondered—what are you doin’?
The boy replied—I’m watching how the time flies!}
Lol
Children: None.
Interests: Fishing, video games, traveling, hiking, boating, driving, dinning, swimming, snorkeling, adventure.
Selfocus: I am a fun-loving, fit and intelligent man who can poke fun at myself and see the humor in any situation. I use logic, wit and reason to find solutions to any problem that comes along. I never give up midway as I believe:
If you have no up ever
learn from your downs
mostly not at ease
yet do never cease

I love all modes of travel. Every day is a new adventure to me. I want to enjoy the life full to the brim—not partially. My motto:
To be full to fulfill
determine yourself not to be
half empty half full

His Dislikes: Cowards. 
Occupation: Business.
About the Companion He likes: She should be adventurous, fair, passionate, caring and sharing and should have certain interests common with me.  
Education: Not revealed.
Food habits: Voracious. Just likes everything including red meats even of octopus, seashells...
Smoking: A chain smoker.
Drinking: Oh, Hiz can gulp a gulf of wine!

Zinia: (As Figured out by Porno)
Nickname: Zinnie.
Real name: Zinia. Title: Not disclosed.
Age: Not disclosed. Might be --.
Sex: Female. (Porno estimated: that’s the honey, baby.)
Height: May be 5’6” (167.6 cm)
Bust: 34 (notional)
Waist: 24  ”
Hip: 35  ” 
Complexion: fair.
Sexual Orientation: Heterosexual.
Body Type: Athletic. 
Education: Grad degree.
Occupation: Tailoring school trainer.
Religion: Catho.  
Marital Status: Divorced.
Children: 1 daughter.
Her Interests: Cooking, fashion, exercise, swimming, sports, traveling, reading, soaps, dancing.
Health: No constraint. Sexcellent health.
Food Habits: No restriction. Likes ethnic food.
Smoking: No.
Drinking: Yes.  
Selfocus: I’m easy going, intelligent, fit, sociable and firm, flexible and spontaneous woman. I’d love to see all the new. I wanna simply relax, laugh and enjoy!
About the Companion she prefers: A guy that has a keen sense of humor, insatiable desire for adventure and ability to share experiences big and small. Someone who is upbeat, easygoing, dependable and has a positive outlook on life. Someone who would like to start a long term potentially promantic relationship. Her musings =>
To wo/men what can be dearer
than having worthy, hearthy
peaceful and blissful partner?

Must not dislike cats and must be squeaky clean. Fairly punctual would be nice. Must be healthy in all respects. 

Porno: (As Figured out by Zinia)
Nick name: Porn.
Real name: Porno Pradhan.
Age: Not disclosed. Might be --.
Sex: Male. (Zinnie’s introversion: Well, that’s the qualifying round and the needed source of fun!) 
Height: Might be 6’3” (Zinnie’s intradiction: what in cm I don’t know.)
Complexion: fair.
Body Type: Muscular. (Zinnie’s dreamz: Though his figure is more attractive, but as my counterpart I prefer Hiz, as he is more upbeat and promantic!)
Education: Commerce grad.
Occupation: Share broker.
Sexual Orientation: Heterosexual.
Physical constraints: None. I’m in solid health & sound mind.
Religion: Hindu. (Doesn’t matter here).
Food habits: I prefer veggies but have no objection to eat anything that is eatable and delicious excepting red meats.
Smoking: Yes. Trying to give up several times, but so far not yet successful.
Drinking: Yes. But his set limit is up to 5 pegs at a go. 
His Interests: Reading, arts, history, economics, soccer, culture, film, music, yoga, gardening, driving.
His dislikes: Sharp-tongued quarreling woman.
Marital Status: Married. DINK (Double Income No Kid).
Children: None.
Selfocus: I’m a very peaceful, unhappy, healthy loving person, a bit childlike, even shy at times though I can change myself when necessary. I enjoy my quiet time, and love spending time chatting with my dear friends. I’m liberal, and there is no discrimination in my world. I’m flexible rather than structured in some areas after I take care of business. I want to know
I want to know
not only to read what was done
But also to apprise what is undone
and left for tomorrow

About the Companion He Prefers: She should be caring, might not be a beauty queen but must be a tenderhearted and sweet tongued, flexible, with an appreciation and respect for cultural and mental differences. I’d welcome such a likeminded compatriot who drinks in the culture around them and thrives on cultural diversity and sense of art as =>
Heart attack is deadly
But art attack is lively even lovely

Someone who understands when someone else might need some time to do his or her own thing, and who is open minded and kind, dislikes arguing and always try to come to a compromise.

xxxxxxxxxx End of Biodata xxxxxxxxxx

== What’s the program today? Porno quizzed over a cola and samosa.
Hizol is the honorary team leader of their short weekend trips. He briefed: We’re going to a place may be mentioned as DH. I’ve rented a car. Standing on the road. Blue Amby # 3096 parked in front of this cafe. U just inform yr home minister that you’re going out of city and returning home tomorrow after yr office.
Porno has done that already. Again he will phone home not now but in the afternoon.

== Whom are we waiting for? Shabnam or Zinnie to ask Hizol.
== Another pair to come.
== Who? It was Porno to quire.
== You know Romit, + his girl friend.
== How long should we wait for them? Zinnie or Shabnam to ask.
== If they don’t turn up we’ll start up at 11 sharp.
== When we’re reaching there? Shabnam or Zinnie to ask.
== I’ll drive u there in an hour provided there is no traffic jam on the way.
== Where we stay there? Zinnie or Shabnam to quire.
== So long as Hizol Hazra is here you needn’t worry. A suit already booked in hotel Ganga. Facin’ the river just flowin’ beside the adjacent road. Grand view. Returnin’ tomorrow morn—just before 8 am I shall unload u all at the Rashbehari Ave crossing, so that u  can attend office. Ok?  Hizol tried to celebrate a deal settled he lighted up a cigarette and offered to the others.
== Good arrangement, complemented Porno, and if the pair comes we’ll be 6 to form a nice Sextet.
== Oh, sure. All of them gladly approved.
....  At 11 sharp they got in the blue car in tiptop new  condition, which Hizol asked them. Because his own old car or Porno’s car  may trouble them to travail in their travel on the longer trail outside the city and upset their fun and funtasy. But Romit didn’t turn up with his confidante. So Hizol wanted no more waitage. Because that would delay to reach DH. Rather they would touch the crossing of Romit’s house. If they’re found on the way, the duo will be lifted up. He kept the front seat beside his driver’s seat reserved for them if they’re traced on the road. And the Zinnie + Porno + Shabnam Triangle took the back seat. Both the ladies first occupy the window seats. Porno, was the middleman between them. This seating arrangement in their sexcursion pleased them all. But the pair couldn’t be traced on the way. So their perfect sextet didn’t materialize.
....  On their way out to the south of suburbia, they were hurdled by thick congestion of traffic. With a target to throng the Kolkata Maidan in a massive public rally condemning the war and demanding peace— convened by several allied parties, people in hundreds and thousands were marching on foot, in buses, trucks, cars and bikes shouting slogans showing banners and placards: 

WAR MONGERS
WANT PEOPLE
LIVE NOLONGER

((()))
//

PEOPLE WANT
LIVE LONGER
LINGER LONGER
PEACE PROLONGER



(((((((((()))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.8.29
Chapter 29: Unleashedland3


Steer Rear Drive Cheer
....  Hizol averted the main thoroughfares and sneaked thru the snaking lanes and bye lanes to evade the traffic clog which was an everyday phenomenon there. At last by his tireless efforts for about an hour, Hizol rescued them   to log out of the metro area and its snaking terrific traffic snarls that had neither head nor tail. Thereafter they were happy to barrel along the country road thru the lush green paddy fields of South Bengal with a faint green smell in bright sunshine. It was hot outside. But inside the closed window sash the air cool on condition. Hizol having no haze and quite unphazed to drink and drive. 
....  Opening a fresh nip Hizol poured raw into his mouth and said => Oh, the hassle of the road was like an expedition!
In the rear seat the triangle was on the hunt to extract hidden fun and skintillating pleasure in one another’s body. And Porno being the lone man there, was being sextracted by Shabnam + Zinnie to their satisfaction. So Porno responded => But here I’m facing sexpedition!
== Sexpedition! Well said, the women responded, let it be. By unzipping him they stunned his stalwart magic wand and sniffed happiness in his everywhere while in return they induce his plundering handz to knead their adamant bare spare parts. Noticing the mark of scratch on his face, the women poked => It must be the mark of a girlie love bite! Porno now again felt the burning sensation in the scratch to fumble: No no it’s just a cut while shaving, which they laughed off => Don’t try to fox us, since we’re the makers of this type of scratch. However don’t worry we’ll Heal it by peacekiss => that burned the wound and inflamed his body more and more. Hizol licked the reflection in the mirror and joked => Oh, if I had such a small wound, I too wd have the chance to be healed this way! Porn, hats off to U. U re a genius playboy, a fantastic rather funtastic hunter! A nimrod! Looting ample fun and funtasy. I will sit over there with the women and you will drive on the return journey. Now:
Make scandal but do not publicize
You will be vandalized if you scandalize

Porno amuseth => Okkkkk Boss, don’t fear. U re welcome here now too. You know I’m just a hermit. I have no intention to do anything and leave everything undone, but look what sermon is written on the breast of the tees of Shabnam => DO IT NOW >> Reading the permit / being a hermit, I could not neglect and evade my solemn duty and responsibility!
Loud laughter

== Besides, Hiz, Should I tell u the truth?
Amused, everybody poked him to expel => Cum on guy, don’t be afraid.
== Ok Hiz, I’m just sitting juste-me-lieu, u wd be naked among the wolves. They wd drive U crazy. And u wd die in herness in this femdom!
Blast into laughter

....  Shabnam & Zinnie were hilarious => Eh, we’re wolves and u a hermit honoring the permit only! Let’s show u.
They beefed up their soft combing operation on Porno in unison. Porno tried in vain to resist but at last surrendered => All right ‘twas my fault to say that. ‘twas my flaw. I’m the flawer not the flower. I shall not say that again. Please believe me and releave me.
....  But neither did he really want freedom from his skinvasion by the femdom, nor did they have the slightest intention to let their catch loose. The 3 in the rear seat were touched, attached, atouched and not detached to be detouched. The 2 women warned Hizol => What u re peeping, if u sit here u wd also not be spared, We'll do the same to U.
Hizol accepted the challenge: Well, it’ll  be seen on the return journey Madam.
....  The little distance between the twin cities Hizol barreled in an hour. Zinnie opined in the near future the bigger city would grab the smaller one. The car stopped at the portico of the hotel Ganga. Not a star hotel. But not bad. Beside the main road the river flows. The river is wide here. They were allotted a suite facing the river on the first floor booked in advance by Hijol. About an hour late due to snail traffic. It was about 13:00 in the noon. Hizol had an intention to bathe in the river. But it would be more time consuming. They were hungry. So they had their shower hurriedly. The lunch and drinks were served in their suite as per their order from the Carte du jour.
D o  N o t  D i  s t u r b
....  A few boozes  introxicated their exposure on them except on Hizol who was like a tanker, could guzzle the load in any quantity without being upset. Guzzling in a dazzling sunny outdoor. The label hanged outside their closed door: D o  N o t  D i  s t u r b
Inside was cool. and conditioned. Skinny. shut inside the sash and shutters. But the doors and windows to their happiness open. ajar.
Soon they begin to dance clapping and singing in chorus. On request Shabnam took the lead voice. Others supported her in chorus with clapping:
{Rhythm: Walz ¾. Tempo: 100}
Come on/ be ready/ ready?/ steady?/ set?
Start => 1 2 3 4….
Today 
wide open doors and windows of cheers
Forget all the unjust prohibited frontiers
Lift up all the improper barriers among all
Break through the barricades on road to love
For togetherness and love thirsty hearts throb
In this amorous spring
it swings
it rings
sound sings
drum beatings
Drum beating / who’re dancing / hurra ra ra
Hu-rarara / Ra- rarara / Ra- rarara / Ra- rarara….
Rear love secretly
In garden all fruits ripen lo…ripen lo ripen lo
If not given s/he is ragin’ lo…ragin’ lo ragin’ lo
Who to give I’m thinkin’ lo thinkin’ lo thinkin’ lo
Drinks don’t go to thirst at first…at first at first
Thirst goes to drinks it must…it must it must

But in spite of many times of recurrence everything ends. So did the song and dance. 
....  Thereafter they’re fired flared cheered charged and geared. Their basic wears seemed to be irrelevant and useless to them and left like slough that maketh them more sexaggerated. So Hizol husbanded Shabnam who going to the other room feigneth => Look Hiz, don’t drive me as a subject of your Wild Animal Husbandry.
While Zinnie wived Porno to remain in the same room to act => Hey Porno, don’t start Porn with me; which she sayeth but not meaneth and Porno heareth with one ear and exorcized with the other and geared his sexercise. He felt again the burning in his left cheek with her passionate hug rub and smooch. 
They were into their sexposed selectric sextravaganza. They trying out then the  sexposition => soixante-neuf
69
....  It was the decaying afternoon when they woke up. They watched from the balcony with wonder the marvels of the spectrum of skyscape in the sundown over the wide river that is one of the most sceneramic picture postcard type of scenery wo/men ever enjoy everywhere and shall seenjoy forever. 
The womenergy stuck to a corner to indulge into girlish & girlic giggle and to tell the tale sotto voce over their experience at noon and came to the conclusion that they weren’t 100% happy in their sexperience with their bidder bedders for the quick decline of their sexcitement which the women desire to linger longer. However they hoped an exchange of husband at the night shift might fuel sexcellent fire. 
....  When the menergy at the other corner appraised in an inaudible voice that they ain’t quite contented with their bedmates as they sexpected their sexcursion more tight gripping which was lacking with these women as they edged past of their tighter age and turned to lighter age. However they Will bedjust their mates at the night session to bignite selectronic passion in  sexcavation.
....  But when these funatics were obsessively lovemerged in their own tiny world mesmerric in the picture postcard scenerama, some other parts of the amphisphere were plagued with the then vibes and challenges, with which they apparently had no imminent connection as >>>  Glaciers and ice caps continued to melt in Alps Andes Himalayas Antarctica— due to emission of greenhouse gasses and rampant greedy sinful mobbery of nature & ecosystem by humans’ materideal robbery. This can jumpstart a neo era of obliteration due to anthropological sins and errors— and liable to be labeled as—> Anthrosin era… Grave danger for the future space missions to be hit by surfacing whirring  satellite and spaced debris junked on the earth’s celestial orbit…Enormous internatural loss of lives land crops forests products and income due to climatic change…Giant pandas endangered due to pandamonium … Sectarian hardcore killture en masse harrying in the middle east epicenter, hounding other parts of the world… Civil war raging up ravages in some African Countries … Acerb rivalry to capture the control over space hotting up…...



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.9.30
Chapter 30: Unleashedland4


Intersession
....  Tea and snacks served at the center table on the balcony. Sitting together in the sofa their adda gossip. In one respect they were fully satisfied—> on their team spirit and bonhomie. Several past issue newspapers and megazines lying in the lower deck of the center table. Shabnam turned the papers heels overheads. Her attention settled in a report which she read and depicted the depicture => See these unfortunate people are scuttled like shuttle cocks— on the zero line at the border— as a standoff between the border guards at gunpoint of the 2 countries. because no country is accepting these nomadic migrating snake charmers. including a large number of women and children. now at nowhere at no man’s land. without any food, drinking water and shelter. All of them glanced at the report. 
....  Hizol commented => Unfortunately they’re the long standing after effect of the partition of India axed by the few topmost power monger politicians of that time; misutilizing the stark sectarian religious card of a section of communal partionists. The few topmost leaders of both the parties had wanted the partition in their own self interest to grab the power and positions >>> which these ill fated, pushed back, poor, innocent, hungry and thirsty victims on the no man’s land didn’t know; don’t want to know. They want food and shelter only. 
Porno remaked => Always everywhere and there
People are at the receiving end
for all the misdeeds done by the rulers
or the bigot evilians
posing as kind civilians

....  Zinnie rubbed the practical balm and harbored the idea => We won’t be able to solve the world’s all problems. So why waste our time and dampen our good mood to brood? Let’s have a cruise on the river. Hire a boat. Everybody merrily thumbed up her plan.
....  17:47:52. Porno phoned home.

Rear Love Secretly
[DISCLAIMER: This part might be inappropriate for minors and the puritan moral policers, who must not read this part — for which the author regrets his inability to be responsible].
....  It was 17:47:53. Porno’s home calling received. Kaya lifted the handset and heard: I’ve to go to outside the city for some business. So I’ll not return tonight. Returning home tomorrow after office. 
....  The same dialogue. Not new. Kaya didn’t respond. She disconnected to keep the hand set back on the rack. But the artist ChitroKar prevented her => No the phone with yr nude profile adds another lively dimension to the picture, as it intensifies yr nudity. U hold it as I told it. As if U re hearing the call.
So Kaya held the phone. She wasn’t a professional model. She felt tired to pose for the picture that Chitro was drawing. What can be done? She herself has agreed to be his model in this nude study series of pictures that she hopes may immortalize her if Chitrokar becomes famous someday. Besides while working as model she enjoyed the primitive urge in her to tell all and show all the private and unseen implicit parts of her body to be explicit and sexplicit in detail to the spectators of the exhibition or rather the sexhibition, yet remaining herself incognito. So she has already posed for him at least 12 such sittings in home in the absence of Porno, or in Chitro’s den. Today also when Porno went out in the morning saying he’s going out of town, she was sure that this is the chance he won’t be back today. So she phoned Chitro inviting him to come to her home for lunch, enjoy her company and finish the series of her figure study drawing today.
....  After bath Kaya dressed and decorated herself taking a long time. She  wore only a semi transparent bikini as undergarment and not any blouse. Simply a shocking pink hand embroidered valuable sari wrapped her body and draped her breasts as in the olden times when women generally used to wear no blouse to cover the upper part of their body. She was also adored by a set of ornaments with pink stones in the pendent, ring, earrings, a bangle in the left hand, rosy lips, pink foam wrist watch band in the right hand with nail art in pink. Her world was and still rosy for today until now like her fair rosy complexion. She sprayed Crazy French perfume all over her body. While dressing she examined herself thoroughly in the mirror and found herself still ravishing. Yet Porno calls her pumpkin! His sense of choice has been deteriorated nowadays. He has no eyes. But Chitro has. She was also entertained to daydream that this dressing with so much care and time would be futile and not fruitile. Because the claimbuoyant boy Chitro would ransack to undress her in no time!
....  As usual Chitro came late. But before she could serve ice on him, just on entering the room he defrosted her ice with hugging and random kisses and lifting her up with his hands, he cherished: Oh honey, you look so ravishing and seductive in this dress! She couldn’t rebuke him for his late. Then in lunch he liberally praised all the preparations by Kaya item by item repeatedly. After the lunch Chitro didn’t want to waste time. He would like to be out and out a professional painter in the showbiz of his art. To him the Golden era of the master painters like that of Van Gough or Ram Kingkar [Patch => Ramkinkar Baij was  one of the very few pioneer artists and sculptors of modern Indian art and sculpture in the 20th century, who had originality, dynamism and yet not grasped by the hangover of traditional and western influence. A few of his famous creations are Santal Family, Speed, and Harvester. He was based in Tagore’s Shantiniketan. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]… is no more. Today you would be considered a successful painter to the extent of how far you can fuel sales of your paintings with public relations and publicity in the media with a semi powerful or even little powerful brush! First a bikini study session of her pose shredding all other garbs. he perceived her face with her breastland and nipples as her eyes and her waistland and vagina lips as her mouth and chin. Kaya was impressed by this unique perception.
o-o
\/

....  Propelled with a target to finish the initial outline of the last number of her figure study he then quieted Kaya and denuded her as Kaya sexpected saying => Tho u look beautiful in this apparel, but your inner beauty in au naturel will outshine any artificial clothing.
He directed her where to how to stand in what stance in the proper pose => Yes the body slight slanting. This isn’t a photographic session—u don’t have to smile. just be arrogant. legs flexed and unfolded. easy. fine. a rose pose. expose the sexpose. excellent and sexcellent!
The drawing session went on several hourz. Kaya was tired and bored. And Chitro was solacing her => Just a little more, sweetie. I’m about to finish it.
....  Then it was that 17:47:53 when Porno’s phone was received by Kaya but not responded. Chitro asked her to pose with holding the hand set in her right hand. She did everything he told her to do now for the sake of a good painting > but with a question mark > ? < to which Chitro will have to appease her later on. But as of now he tried to soothe her => Don’t make haste babe, the picture will be bad then and people will think u bad lookin’ tho u possess a marvelous figure!
== Don’t try to dupe me, she was arrogant which he marked and exclaimed >> Splendid! This pregnant like bump with your arrogant face looks more beautiful, which I wanna depict and depicture. Hold this. Don’t laugh. Don’t laugh. Don’t laugh.
....  But by that time she breaketh up into a high thigh-slapping convulsive laughter. And seeing this he was frustrated and furious => When I asked you not to laugh and be arrogant, u re hilarious!  hopeless. All my strain / gone down the drain!
Hearing this her revamped belly laugh rolled her down the floor entirely forgetting her sexposure. He realized exactly that pose would return no more. So he gave up => My work for today finished.
Earing this her laughter rolled back and she tried to woo him: U re vexed? Asking me to be arrogant u yourself become arrogant! Please don’t. I’ll be back that pose.
== No I ain’t angry. Exactly the same thing never happens twice. Yr stance might slightly differ which may slighten the drawing. However I’ve already sketched the initial outline and was trying to capture the Arrogance in yr Face which u’ve stabbed. Now I’ll have to work hard on it in color to give it a final shape and complete it in my studio well ahead of the exhibition. Becuz the framers of the pictures will take their time. So I’m to go.
== Without payin’ me the price for my long figure work?
== Definitely not. I’m grateful to U for that, and will remain slave to U for that forever.
== Again flirtin’ me?
== Not flirtin’ believe me. 
== JK?
== Just Kidding? Not at all.
== Really? U’ll be my slave? She smirked.
== Sure. U don’t believe?
== Well, U’ve sexposed me, if I ask u to be my sex slave?
== With pleazure for yr pleazure! Grinning, he coughs out. Though he knew her price, now only he verified it. I’m ready to pay U the price. Wd U try now?
== Now? Why not? Every time is the best time for it. Drawing him apart of his drawing she unleashes him of his body covers and cuddles to ignite his passion. Seeing it roused he abruptly scuttled him to harden his diehard desire for her. As she felt the pulse—
Hot is the lid—not yet the pot

So she posed => No not now, later on. Now let me first see my figure work done by u in canvas.
== Oh, trash the dry canvas now honey, I’m horny— leaving this live spicy figure work I don’t like to revert to dry figure work in canvas. Arresting, he clings to her bare body, caressing her hot spotz & fun points to flare her up.
== Oh don’t be so naughty now, I’ll give u later. Let me first check the drawing—but his lips gagged the further utterance of her lips.
....  She liked this convincing invincibility of Chitro not available in Porno; though the former is about 12 to 15 years younger to her and yet an unkempt macho boy. Aroused and maddened by his constant endearing masterstrokes and when he wanted to say something to her, she draggeth him impatiently and said—shut up, don’t talk— and corked his lips with her breast to suckle and finally bade him to lie down the divan and rideth on him to have her thruway. Then indomitable, he floored and rolled her down the carpet to drill into her so ruthlessly that she screamed in pain of ecstasy and sextasy=> Oh please free me, I pray u; rather I’ll be yr slave. 
His order =>
The fun of love’s charm
like tea or coffee when warm

If u wanna be my slave, just hang on, now first bear this small brunt of it.
== Oh buoy,  it’s small? it’s so diehard and tall joy toy that  I can’t bear the drilling any more! it’s so frisky & risky!
....  He knew that meant she craved more. So ignoring her wordz + penetrating the thrust of his piercing piston with utmost torridity he urged=> Oh babe if u can’t bear it how wd u dare to bear baby?  His menternal monologue =>
Desire for life ……….desire desire
When You within I………then I within you
Then I within you………when you within I
Rear love secretly……….secretly secretly

....  His wordz hit the accurate target. Fervid avidly crazed to squeeze and contain within herself all the drops of seeded elixir drying him out her screamz => Hold me tight / treat me right. Yes I pray u to bore me more…. I’ll bear… more…. more… & more… she screamed in sextasy… wham-bam-thankyouman! 
....  After their course of action reaction and friction peaked the apex to cum down, they released their grip on each other to be separated again. Chitro’s going to the washroom for a wash—Afterwards his opening the freeze to find a bottle of Bacardi for a booze—Then his return to the canvas for a revising look. Kaya observed all these silently to absorb the happy mounting moments while lying, when she wanted to give his younger healthy sperm seeds some sufficient time to swim over to her womb as first as possible like the microscopic channel swimmers to conceive her, before being deleted and wiped out the valuables in the washroom to => 
Rear love secretly……….secretly secretly

== Then you stay bare, as you are now for some more time. Chitro said to her as she wished to tally her picture with his body. As =>
In fashion wear beauties may look better
but best in au natural
even without any wear 

== But that’s in the eyes of a male dominated society only where every concept is envisaged in accordance of the viewpoint of men.
== Then what will be the viewpoint from the angle of a female dominated society?
== A deserving man may look equally lovely to woman in a wear but lovelier without a wear. But this wasn't boldly told as this was made a taboo by males.
== Thus told as u’re bold / which will not hold. Any compromise formula?
== A desirable person looks lovely in a fashion wear
but lovelier even without any wear. 
So only compromise is that u stay bare so that I stay bare.
== Ok boss. Done. Especially when u wanna tally the features of the drawing with that of the contours and curves of yr body u need to be nude. Isn’t it?
== Ok, now you tally your drawing with my body.
....  Over All >>> She nods while verifying the outlines attentively and cross examined the artist: In the drawing I can see everything is here—the earrings, necklace, bangle, wrist watch, ring, nail art fingers, colored lips, phone—excepting the clothes—I don’t understand modern art. Why this is so? Wd u sexplain?
== Well, the artist answers, to rouse this same question in the viewers, so that the picture do not go unnoticed even if they do not understand. because >>
When people cannot decipher
a thing — they admire

Secondly, the decoration of the body by these articles suggests that here’s everything but only one thing is lacking. What’s that? Clothing. Why the clothing is absent? Becuz the figure is nude. Why nude? As the woman is a natural animal. And nature doesn’t provide apparel. So adoration of the body with these articles provides the background music that intensifies the nudity that is a natureal phenomenon.
....  Extremities >>> I’ve nothing to quiz on the hands and legs of the picture as to their positioning, fingering, flexing, and fixation. So Kaya passed on to the next feature.
....  Assets >>> She compared her breasts with those of the picture. Are my breasts so slanting a little downwards as of the picture? Am I so aged? She lamblasted.
ChitroKar quickly sniffed the brewing cloudy sentiment. As women will cold shoulder / to look older. He quirked to fade her dislike: Don’t think so, honey. Yr breasts re quite haute  haughty  and  naughty. This  is  only basic sketch. I’ll revise to twist the breasts mounting and the teats pointing. Okayyyyyy?
....  Waistern Estate >>> She was shocked to discover this region of hers in the drawing a little Fatty, Flabby and Fleshy. 3 F. But she didn’t play the blame game with Chitro for this depicture. Porno also admonished this to her several times. Even he bought her tummy trimmer machine that she didn’t use. And the physician advised her to burn the fat to be conducive to bear a baby. But now she realized had she used the machines earlier, now her figure might be presented more & more attractive in the art exhibition before the viewers. Chitro assumed the responsibility to comfort her => Don’t worry, I’ll make it up, and geared her attention downwards.
....  Pelvis >>> =>This private part of body should have been indistinctly shown shrouded with a little cloud of mystery as I’ve seen in some of the nude studies; which u have drawn here vivid, explosive, explicit & sexplicit as if a sylvan caterpillar! She complained.
== Actually what I wanna do with this series called the Past Pastmodern Paintings. where the basic attitude is that we shall highlight the hitherto shadowy, hidden and implicit areas of the nature and human life to demystify them and make them prominent, vivid explicit and sexplicit. while making the clear, vivid and distinctly seen parts of life and nature smoggy, indistinct and implicit to mystify them. That’s why I’ve focused  on this usually hidden unseen part of a female figure with bright spotlight to clearly show that there’s no mystery but energy, creation, secretion and recreation just as lively + lovely as this part of yours. His joke with a blue hint & stint.
She didn’t understand all these intellectual hoax, but she observed that the => 
General people influence polity
by vote, economy by note
which the history fails to quote
Yet it does not miss to note
the genius artist or writer
even if they were clouted or shelved
by any partial gang of power

....  So she was happy to be bracketed by some kind of intellectual property that she suppressed to simper and whimper => What’s the proof that it’s like this of mine? This organ is like the same as that of any other woman.
He grinned => On your request I drew the tattoo by pricking yr skin beneath the navel inscribing my signature in the picture in such a nature that nobody will ever understand not even U.
She was electrified and selectrified: What! yr signature in my tattoo below my navel! Oh what a knave rogue u are! If anybody else knows? She tried to find out his name below her navel. And erase it out. 
== U're trying in vain. It’s permanent. Neither U can efface it nor U can find it. I’m showing u. Have U ever noticed my signature in the corner of my drawings?
== No.
== It’s there in each of my picture but ciphered in such a way that it matches with the picture and nobody can trace it out. Here in this drawing look at this signature of mine and try to tally it with the tattoo in yr skin… Now u can make out?
== A little. But why have u done it without letting me know first? She grizzled.
== Firstly it is the prerogative of an artist to sign in every piece of his /her work. Secondly by inscribing my name in yr skin means I love u and registered trademarked to be the sole proprietor to reserve all rights on yr body and soul. However come to the point u raised. Look your tattoo is also present in this drawing with my signature to prove that it is unmistakably yr picture and nobody else’s.
She countersigned inwardly her clandestine approval in appreciation of his uprightness and being sure that tho this picture didn’t totally resemble her, but this landmark will definitely prove that it is she, and no other woman modeled this picture. But acted just the opposite: Oh buoy, I’ll sue u on defamation charges!
== In that case I’ll change yr face totally unrecognizable and ask in the court that what’s the proof that it’s yr picture? He smirked and somersaulted totally 360 degree.
== Proof! Why? This tattoo with yr signature is more than enough to prove. As she is totally dazed by the sudden dramatic tilt of the case due to his abrupt tumble!
== But when the Judge will ask U to show the proof to him, will u be able to show the symbol to him stripping in the open courtroom? His sly laugh of victory infects her gushing long spell of belly laughter => U sly guy, you stun / I lose you win.
....  Face => Now to face the face with the face here actually u’ve defaced me. As the face here is implicit, inhibited, hazy and arrogant. Am I so? It doesn’t resemble me properly.
== I told U that as per my Past Pastmodern idea I would project unseen darker parts of body brighter and seen brighter parts of body darker and lighter. Accordingly this face is made darker and indistinct to keep the index of mind in the dark. Wo/man’s dark mentality is kept in the dark and never comes out wholly. This face doesn’t totally tally with that of yours becuz don’t mind, due to yr indecision. He clarified cautiously so that she is not vexed.
== Indecision?
== Yes. Indecision is the right word. As on the one hand u wannabe the sex post facto mistress of dream or rather the dreamistress behind the creation, if in the future someday this picture becomes famous. On the other hand u told me to be cautious so that nobody knows that U were the model of these nude studies. I’ve followed the golden mean. The face of the drawing has some resemblance with yr face and some not. Like other pictures of these series I’ll add the final touch to it after I know yr final verdict regarding the resemblance. If U want that it’ll be exactly like yr face. I’ll do it. If U don’t want any similarity with yr face I’ll do it. And if u can’t decide and leave it to me I’ll do as per my artistic & heartistic demand and command.
== But why u told me to be arrogant?
== Please don’t mind I’ve observed the central theme of yr personality is arrogance. U like to win over others by using yr arrogance which I want to stamp a bit on the face of the picture to make it livelier. Of course if u like I may replace it with a faint Mona Lisa style smile.
== Mona Lisa, oh I know, the picture by Tagore? I’ve seen the picture many times in my schoolbooks.
== Oh no, not by Tagore.
== Then it must be by Shakespeare? No? Then by Picasso? Whoever may be I don’t want that cliché smile. Rather I wd like the magnetic smile of movie super stars like Suchitra Sen  
[Patch => Suchitra Sen was a legendary film actor and the queen of the Bangla screen, who with her beauty, talent and grace massmerised the audience of the Bangla and Hindi screen. Her films pairing particularly opposite Uttam Kumar became popular Bangla classics, among which are Shapmochan, Sabar Upore, Saptapadi, Harano Sur etc. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes].



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.10.31
Chapter 31: Unleashedland5


== Ok done my dear. The session is over. ChitroKar drew curtain over the session.
He came closer and fondled Kaya a little. They dressed up. He packed up the canvas,  pencil, colors, charcoal and his other belongings. He prepared: Now I’ve to proceed.
== Why don’t u stay with me and let’s enjoy the night together, honey? Agog with sexpectation, Kaya invited.
== That remains pending for the next day when I come. We’ve enjoyed much today. He covered the drawing to protect from water. Tonight I’ll have to retouch the drawing before I can use color on it from tomorrow onwards and complete it well ahead of the exhibition to give it to the picture framers. U re asking me to stay tonight with u, but if your hubby comes back late to night?
== He won’t be back from Mumbai by tomorrow night.
== Better why don’t u leave yr. hubby and live with me? We shall nest our dreamland framing a new lease of life together. {This he said her to wheedle but what he sayeth unto himself was thus => I’ve no mentension at all to live with U. I tell u this only to sop you. It’s only a hoax. As I’m still poor and I've some pile of idle money, from the load of which I should unburden you as  an exgratia rather sexgratia, being yr paramour. Though you have done my main job free. I required such a little bulky fair 3F figure to draw. It would not have been possible for me to hire a professional model for the study. And as a bonus, acting as a stooge, I enjoy you to sexploit though age has slackened you slightly, still funtastic! Thou want to be famous remaining incognito. A bullshit. Thou art not happy with thy pictures. Thou want me to change to make you ravishingly beautiful. A Barbie doll. Though I have hoaxed that, I will not cough out at last. As that will miscreate the paintings and make the exhibition a laughing stock before the critics & clue hunting media critricks and viewers. As =>
The longing or attitude of readers
is their own longitude & latitude
where the artist or writer cannot intrude

....  Thou wannabe attractive but thou art lazy to trim & slim which I believe has made you childless and unattractive to your husband. Your husband is also a deluded and funky man in still believing you and not yet divorcing you. But still I have to promance you so long I can milk you for some more money and use you as my model for free!…..}
....  {While Kaya introspecteth => Live together with you? Oh boy, you are a sly fox, no doubt your manners are good and humble, and I enjoy your frisky sexploration; but as an artist, you are not yet established, not famous and still poor and insignificant. So out of pity I help you for the sake of humanity and assisting a young artist. I cannot leave the security safety and my right of the house to live with the urchin like you. What is the certainty that you will not leave me in the lurch? But I have fulfilled my target out of you => I have blotted the best seed out of you or it might be the seed that Porno ravished into me in yesternight’s powerplay. But I believe these seeds of whoever might be, sown into my womb will impregnate me this time without fail. I would make my child a movie superstar, a cricketer, a popstar or even a sinister minister….who now a day can reap fast buck. So I think now a day a woman should have more than one man in her harem to fulfill her desire, need and purpose.  However finally if You do not change my figure in the picture to paint it more attractive, I will stop paying you a single dime after today with the door of this house to be permanently shut for you. Past Pastmodern Exhibition! Exhibition? Or Sexhibition?? Then this Past Pastmodern sexpression would divulge a new dress code, which will need to cover the normally bare parts of the body and to bare the normally covered private parts of the body! Nonsense! A meantellectual hypocrisy !!! Trash.} She preconciled =>
Relation of regular wife-husband
to many is needed like daily bread
With significant arty hearty partner
elation is as tipsy drug or wine heartner!

....  But her overt sugar coated reply to Chitro => Look honey, I’d definitely love to live with u, as u're so young strong and macho man and a talented artist whom I do like. Then what she said could be better expressed in this way >>> But if I live with you, some day after living with u day after day, month after month, year after year, year after year after year after year, our love will dwindle and fade out to a habitual thing to rotate en route to
kitchen=> bread=> bazaar=> bed
bed<= kitchen<= bazaar<= bread
which definitely will not furnish & varnish /  but tarnish & finish & vanish / our love to end the charm of the term. So to continue our love to linger longer, we’re to maintain an optimum mystic distance as of now; which will nurture the attraction between us…… Please don’t mind, u may stay with any other woman, but my husband is my safe harbor, my position, my composition, and prestige in the society and my support in the old age; while u’re the occasional fresh refreshing gale in my life! I require you both!!
....  He was greatly relieved by her refusal and release to convey in elation => Yes I understand. I will do as u wish. I came here on haute pursuit. leaving cool. U cooled me. 
She gave him a kiss like an affectionate mother and slipped a big bucks note in his pocket.
== Thank you. This will be very useful. Good night. See u. Bye.
Exit Chitrokar

....  Kaya opened the window to wave Chitro off. But she couldn’t see as a mighty gale broke thru the window to enter into the room forcibly. An abrupt splash of rowdy wind of dust, ransacked the room, files and piles of paper. shattered & scattered things allover the room. and cooled the temperature in a moment. She hurriedly closed the window forcibly against the wind and rearranged the room and papers dresses bed and cleaned the dust. Then throwing herself on the bed contented with elation and euphoria, she was amused and bemused > she should have responded Porno when he phoned her in the in the evening. At least now she should enquire where’s he?
      20:09:43. She phoned Porno.



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.11.32
Chapter 32: Nomansland


Where You Lead Me Hitherto?
....  20:09:44. Porno heard the ringing, but he didn’t respond. As at dusk Kaya heard his voice but she didn’t utter a word and kept the phone. So Porno was irritated. This time he read her message:

Where are you? Respond.
....  But he didn’t respond then.
Before now at dusk being prepared they came to the ferry ghat from where boats ply to various ports and destinations like Haldia, Raychak, Kunkrahati, Geonkhali, Sagar islands etc. But they didn’t like to go on any prescribed route. they chartered a boat for some unstructured sailing for a few hours and return to the hotel before the dinner. After they boarded on the boat the 2 boatmen flagged off the bon voyage. The senior helmsman called Nozir Molla voiced => You should have come earlier. It’s dusk. Afterwards you’ll not be able to see anything in the dark.   
== But we couldn’t see this twilight on the river had we come earlier, Zinnie pleaded, and it was hotter there before. She winked to propel laughter among her companions, the clue of which the boatmen couldn’t decipher.
....  The helper, the younger boatizen, just a lad of may be 12 years identified himself as Nabik, showed some hope => After this twilight you’ll get lovely moonlight if there’s no cloud.
As of then the colorful picture postcard impression of the sunset over the river and the sky still lingered to outcast the mapping edge of an innocent cumulus.
== Where would you like to go? Toward Kunkrahati, Geonkhali…the other side other district, or where —?  
== No no not to any particular place. Only go ahead to cruise in the midriver to float on tide and time for some time in the moonlight. Then to return at dinner.  Zinnie’s itinerary.
== Yes, that wd be better, endorsed Hizol.
....  Accordingly, the boatmen moved on to the downstream toward the sea.
Shabnam bade the boatman Nozir to sing. Nozir declined: We donno singing.  
== Strange! We find in movies that the boatmen’re good singers! And u donno.
== Rather u sing, sounded Zinnie that all others endorsed to resound. Shabnam sang several songs subjecting the river, moonlight, flower, bee, sea, god, nature, love…&c, which reverberated and faded out to dissolve in the profound massmerizing moonlit beauty of the nature muting everybody only to feel and ruminate for sometime. By now they were drifted away riding on the favorable tides downstream many miles offshore from their starting point. Coastlines disappeared long ago. Only some feeble dots of light were seen afar to suggest the presence of some distant vessels. Moonlight shimmering on the sinless and harmless tides in this largest delta of the earth.
== Those boats are far away from us, ain’t it? Zinnie floated her words softly, damaging the silence. Why don’t we go near the other boats, which might be those of fishermen? It seemed she would like to end their isolation.
Nozir rapped => Always not necessarily. Sometimes it is better to keep a safe distance. As there might be pirate’s boat too, who ambush to operate looting other boats. If our luck is bad they might bust on us in no time to loot, beat, kill or take all of us as hostage. even to another country. to fork out handsome amount of ransom, especially when there’re women with us. Once my brother with his boatmen were hijacked away toward Bangladesh for ransom. 
They got a jerk. Shabnam asked => Then why not we go beside the shore or even thru a creek?
== It’s a taboo, we shouldn’t utter their names at night, but the Royal Bengal Tigers can swim over the river. Near the shore and thru a creek more easily and silently they lift humans for their food. Thus, Nabik’s father was pawed away by tiger when he was just 4 years old.
Beside anymore
Do you see any shore?
....  Now scared and guided by fear phobia they decided to rush back to the hotel for the diner. Accordingly, the boatmen hurried the return journey that would be harder upstream now against the current and already far miles away from their target point.
....  Then it was 20:20:25 pm. home calling for porno. He didn’t reciprocate.

Toward Supernatureal Horizon
....  A lull. the breeze suspended. overcalm. quiet. brief. uneasy. tranquil. Only the busy low overhead apparently harmless auburn clouds slowly rallied to oust the moon and star-studded sky. and cover it up with an overshadowing wrapper of submissive melancholic gloom. Everybody became suspicious about the clouds. To recover from the fear psychosis and ease the tension < Hizol aimed to divert the attention > breaking the ice of hard brooding silence he dramatically announced => Friends, u donno Shabnam can also recite well. Let her recite a poem. Give her a big hand. All clapped to encourage her to recite. After primary hesitation, she retuned herself as a slow starter to softly recite out of the wilderness from the depth of the river. from the core of everybody’s heart with utmost emotion and urge >> to live and linger longer:
In which water would you immerse me further?
I am already embedded into deep water

Moonbeam cannot reach that core
When the earth is hypnotized by the river spell
I cannot hear other words    Yet
the water overhears the whispering clouds
Fisherman overhears the whispering fishes
So when it’s life and death cry: S A V E !
The world hears    yet doesn’t hear

You’ll wipe me out to what more unanimation?
My hearterrain already facing extinction

{Not audible for the disturbing noise on the equipment which Nozir buttoned on to hear if there was any weather warning. It blurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr  barred  her recitation and redirected her concentration. Still she somehow finished at a stretch}
I am floating on the midriver routing the anchor
to be swayed to the spontaneous   ~s~e~a~
You will propel me away toward how far?
I am already drifted away >>>   afar

....  A glaring patient & patent song on it shrilled & thrilled. But the drumming multilingual, internatural, intercultural, multiculti all time superhit song from a multimillion blockbuster movie, originally sung by a pop queen dumped > as interrupting the program abruptly aired on this announcement:
FLASH! FLASH !! FLASH!!!
The fishermen and the seafarers are hereby warned that a a low pressure originating out of depression in Chhatisgarh region has been speeding toward the coastal Gangetic Bengal, Orissa and Bangladesh and to hit the target around 10:30 pm resulting rain and high wind at the speed of 70 to 80 kmph, tidal boar and rough seas……
....  The situation in the boat turned panicky. The innocent clouds that in the evening marveled with golden rays and looked harmless— have treacherously captured the sky by coup d’ etat.  the tides forsaking their friendly disguise turned into monstrous waves, have joined together to overhaul the concerned part of the earth, by painstaking and rainstaking gale and lashing, bashing, lightening & electrifying boom starting with riverain. It became completely impossible then to navigate upstream. against the turbulent gale and tidal boar. on the swollen demoness rivermouth in the riverberance. Rather to save the boat from capsizing, the boatmen have to go with the flo of tide & time and wind, which swayed them speedily afar many many miles rearward to the ruthless sea instead of their coveted shore. The baffled passengers in utter fear apprehended their doom in this last terminal of their last night. in this magnificent world. in their last fight against the smashing storm. dashing tide. and biting showerpower. in the heavily rolling and reeling tiny trifle boat—though helmed by experienced riverian  boatmen, who have faced such calamities before.
....  One after another ferocious tidal trial to overthrow their trivial boat being averted by them until now. Tears rolled down the cheeks of Shabnam infected Zinnie. Hizol unable to quell their sobs censured => If u re so crumbled, why did u come to the water? Whatever happens we have to fight together to the last to  survive. His solilogue—Who knows if we might save ourselves! … We know how to swim might be of little relevance now. Still it is a plus point. And here’s only 1 rubber ring filled with air. The women will share it. Those of u who need inspiration for the strength of mind might pray to their respective gods. So the devotees of the different faiths suddenly forwarded their frequent prayers to their respective gods, except the hardened Hizol, a short statured slim but resolute and stern man, who was desperate to pump out the intruding water from the hollow of the boat and other piss aller with Nabik and Porno. As he knew and firmly believed —>
Pragmatics ask don’t expect to thrive
so that you don’t have to be upset to strive
But if you don't hope for scope against nope
in hard times how will you survive?

....  Unfrightened riverian Nabik though just a lad, who losing his father aptly knew, that they only must seize and convert the slightest half chance by chance >> to be turned into full chance, to save themselves somehow.
Emotions ran high as Zinnie, Shabnam and Hizol convey their messages by phone to their homes braving the rough weather. Nevertheless, Porno was not that much lucky as if he phoned home and informed Kaya of this situation, she would definitely advise him to drown and die! So he refrained. He wondered it was only the last night when he had fancied being a giant aquatic animal in the kingdom of waters—from where he desperately wanted to be rescued now! But his Call buzzed from another happy, secured, ensured, insured and insulated world that moment, in that recklessly swaying boat, hammered by roaring crashing waves and splashing waters, the words on phone sounded feeble and disrupted again and regain => W-h-e-r-e are u? Kaya’s voice.
....  While helping Hizol and the fighting boatmen in their mammoth work to keep the swinging boat floating, yet thinking this time might be the last time Porno responded => I have changed. Last moment I didn’t need to go to Mumbai—I came to D H with some friends. And now we donno where—nowhere or somewhere—on the mouth of Ganga or on the sea to the death—U hear the roar of cyclone and waves just tossing & toying with our tiny boat to dip it any moment—so my time counts down ticking out and rushing to the zero hour toward nowhere at no man’s land—So please forgive me if I inflicted you only sorrow and pain—Flag off a new life with someone you love—Adieu! Porno farewelled. 
== No—Don’t sell me dialogues. You must return to me. I’m waiting for you to come back. Rather ‘twas me who distressed you—I will not quarrel with u further—We shall start anew to renew—I’m sure to have a baby this time—I hurt u yester night—I saw the purple scratch on yr face this morning (He rubbed his purple scratch which burned him again.) —I’m so sorry for it. Her regret. 
The boat bumping jumping & toyed by voracious  waves, that make Pornos unbalanced.
D–i–s–r–u–p–t–i–o–n   and  resumption.

== No need to be sorry—you did the right thing—If my distraced floating corpse is traced and recovered from the water—a few days later—a distinct mark like this in my body will privilege you to settle yr claim for succession easily. His voice marooned by dysphoria.
== Oh, no how cd u be so cruel on me!? I won’t have to identify yr body. I’ve firm faith that u will live. I pray to god. The storm was here some time ago. But I couldn’t imagine it so hard-hitting. It has ceased here. Soon it will cease there. In case u plunge—u will swim ashore for your Kaya—u must have to. Kaya  boosted him up.    
The boat bumping jumping & toyed by diehard waves.      
D-i-s-r-u-p-t-i-o-n  and resumption

== Oh, where is shore here? But suddenly now in the dark amidst flashing lightening we gaze thru the hedge of rain only the mass of smashing black water—and a stunning halo in the distant supernatural horizon—a nimbus—may be many many nautical miles away. and our insignificant boat may be like Noah’s ark. being towed and drifted away rapidly and constantly. by some kind of leviathan or Matsabatar or by some demon whale or giant shirk towards no man’s land—still averting the visit to netherworld!
The boat bumping jumping & toyed by hardcore waves.
D-i-s-r-u-p-t-i-o-n & resumption

== But what’s that halo? Kaya anxiously probed and waited to know.
== What’s up there we have no idea—a god? A mirage? A ship? A lighthouse? A boat—of rescuers—coastguards or pirates or—we donno—but simply swayed by and still floating with the flow of time and tide whereto—we’re ignorant about that—we have no light other than a torch—by which we’re trying to send our S.O.S signaling flashlight to that source of light—still in vain. still only hoping —

Ahead you go for the glow
[Sound of a blasting wave + rowdy groaning wind. The phone dumbed in the heavily swaying boat, Nozir, Nabik,  Hizol and Porno trying very hard to control.]
== Ohhh  NOOOOOoooo..0000  !  She c-r-i-e-d  out aloud.

....  Suddenly Porno materialized on her emotional radar screen. Kaya completely broke. and wrecked down on the bed. as her most valuable property. her solid establishment. her safe deposit vault. her well-established real estate. her hard cash. her fat fixed deposit of the entire life. her bilateral security. her dreamy, dreamatic, customized, lovemerged days and nights. her glittering jewelry in the locker of the bank were to crash. immerse. submerge. dissolve & dilute. All the fragrant petals of her today that seemed so rosy until then
suddenly stunned to shed and fall
by the hostile runshaking gale
that is ending the pending tale

In time you didn't mean but said love
I meant but couldn't say
rather we were diverted to sway

Kaya fainted.

....  The Show over. Lights on.
The spectators return to their homes bemused with the >>> 

Q U I Z >>  Shall the boatizens return from the No Man’s Land?



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.12.33
Chapter 33: Swinging Tsunami 


Alive Shored as Corpse
....  Morning. Alin just awake. Last night he had wild party of funtertainment hunters until the wee hours in a resort at the Patong beach of Phuket. Voracious devour of buffet food and barrels of drink. frantic dancing. convivial jocund Christmas. If Christ could know beforehand all these, he would not have born. The resulting partiquette hangover was yet then to fade out. How little could he sleep? His bedder companion Tik was still reluctant to get up, snaking the neck of her funware Alin with the arms. as she yet didn’t let him get up from the bed. Still, after getting prepared, he would have to hurry to the office of his news agency. Holiday was yesterday. So many works stored for his disposal. He will have to look for and disburse the stream of news officiently back and forth Singapore - Saigon – Seoul – Kualalampore - Bangkok -Hong Kong - Taipei – Tokyo - Jakarta. Also to visit the office of the Bangkok Times for once. Persisting buzz on his rovile kept beside his pillow. To respond he viewed the face of Romnis Pundit (rubbing his unruly hair with one hand) => Hi Alin, you shrewmouse—oh it’s showing Phuket! u slipped to Phuket for Christmas funtasy?
== How u knew I’m in Phuket? Oh, seeing on Brazok?  Abashed Alin was repositioning himself quickly, engaging Punditda on conversation.
== Just said, coming, and u disappeared from Bangasudha that night. After then mistraced! So I mused, just to catch where— to which hell, have u misappeared. Then I’m seeing you’re engrossed in a very juicy time. With a new sleeping partner. Who is the gal? A Thai girl might be. Nah, I must admit u have proficiency in this line! Rubbing his unruly hair with one hand, Omni Pundit was taking stock of the intervision of the chic hide of Alin and his bedmate.
== You’re beshaming me guru, everything of me in this line is by your training. You are the king of the women, romonis > wom’nis >> Romnis >> Omni. Her name is Tik.
....  By that time, Tik’s sleep thinned. Watching Omni Pundit on rovile, she draped the rag on her bare body and murmured in an intoxicated tone: Who is disturbing us in this early morning? Shut it. I won’t let u talk more. She lip locked Alin’s mouth to gag.
== Leave me, Punditda can see everything of us in his hi fi gizmo. Alin shrugged off.
== Who’s Punditda?
== O my guru. my glossy boss! Adroit Alin briefed her.
== Oh, is it? Hi Punditda. Namaskar. Affable Tik essayed the namaskar gesticulating her hands on screen > Sawa dee Punditda, Khun sabai di mai? (How are you?)
== Hi Tik. Rubbing his unruly hair with one hand Punditda reciprocated waving > Pom sabai dee krap. (I’m well, thank you). Khun sabai di mai, Tik?
== Chan sabai di ka. (I’m well), replied Tik. 
....  Then Alin informed: Yea, Punditda before coming here I couldn’t let you know, as I had no time then.  Leaving the previous one, I’m now appointed as a foreign correspondent. This time I’ve to frequent the south East Asian countries centering the area head office of the Brit news agency in Singapore. I came to Phuket on holidaying. Have to return to Bangkok by noon — 
....  All on a sudden, the gushing sound of like a huge wall of audacious waves blasted and the huge squall of many people was audicious. the connection severed. Omni Pundit’s picture on screen petered out.
....  Alin and Tik jumped off the bed and watched in sheer fright and distrust from the window ~~> A mountain of gargantuan waves is thrashing on the cafe at down floor of the beach resort! They have never seen like that before. In moments, their funtasy turned to be a grim factasy, and their euphoria drowned into this blunt hard dysphoria. Everybody was panicking to flee to save his or her life. The brutal force of the turbulent waves was swaying everything. They at once ran to climb up the stairs to the top at the roof with many others. elevator idled. electricity disconnected. From atop the roof everything was visible clearly. Alin being a field journo. always in search of headlines. However, the mega news approached him unwarrantedly to be revealed. waiting for revealage by him. During the festive seasonal gladventure, the beach and the seaside road was packed with foreign tourists. most of them women and children. who could not outrun the waves to flee quickly. in short swim suit. nearly all of them washed away— turning to sadventure. 
....  Alins’ fate was better. they were not in the down floor that has turned to drown floor. not on the beach. not on the seaside road. they on the upper floor. sleeping till then. It was their sheer luck that they were sleeping up to late hours in the morning. Otherwise, they could have gone to the beach and swept away. As then, everything has been scattered. turned turtle. shattered. floating cars. cabs. tuk tuks.  bikes. ceiling board. plastic. shops. goods. visitors. Their vision stuck on a gutsy man engulfed by muddy water of debris, trying to save a woman, coiling in a rope. However, his gutsism ended in vain. The next towering waversion picked the struggling pair up to the far waters to drown. Who vanished with the robust waves, did not know before / their hapless last time was to be marooned on the morning beach / helpless/ who were humans until then / shored as corpses.
....  Alin was extremely lucky. He turneth not to be a corpse like the innumerable others. He being a news hunter. when the dreadsome destucture itself was haunting him quite unexpectedly. He got the propertunity to cater the big news. to describe his descripture. to the people of the world with utmost promptness and care. He was to see. he was to show. Swinging tsunami in annihilating role. holing the soul. Nobody remains alert before. 
On time none can realize
When people cognize
time works seize
erasing all at ease


Waversion ~ Teacherpreacher

On tearsphere
One may want or not at all
waves will rise and fall

....  A Scottish tourist Ben Crofton could escape. This schoolteacher observed in a Thai beach that the sea is receding. the fish and other creatures of the sea are stuffocating and restless. As a studier in geography, he feared this must be tsunami. He preached this on the beachers / but had no takers. So hurriedly, he boarded a bus with his wife and daughter and asked the driver to drive away from near the sea, as the tsunami was imminent. Nobody understood his preaching excepting a doctor passenger of the bus, who bade the driver to about turn and run the bus fast. the driver heeded and the passenger-full bus was saved. The next moment the tsunami wavetortured to overflow the area.

Waversion ~ Kid’s Credo

On tearsphere
One may want or not at all
waves will rise and fall

....  That time in Cuddalore. Impeccable little Madhaban was promising to his 8 years elder sister => When there was no father and mother nearby, the big waves chased us then it’s you who saved me, and our younger sister, by running us to a safe place. I swear I will not quarrel with you ever from this New Year / You will tally it afterwards.

Omni Pundit’s Fizza 5
....  Kuhak Kumar, truncated by Omni Pundit as Ku Ku, entered the BangaSudha adda in the evening. He noticed their hangout today buzzing with the presence of regulars as well as irregulars. The revelers were well known to him as unknown guests were also there. He filled up a chair. Made a swishing sound with mouth like whistling, which was like a patent in BangaSudha, to call the waiter. Ordered  the waiter: A small beer and fishfinger.
== Oh, you should have ordered rum, whisky, vodka, champagne for everybody in this festive season. nop u order stingy. Ashiq Pasha let the ball role in as if in altruism.
== Yea, am I a government babu like you. so that > I come and go / get fat salary / If I am to work / I want extra buck? Gulping the huge public money as salary and perks. yet you’re dwindling the country with today plane scam. tomorrow fertilizer scam. day after tomorrow land scam. next day telecom scam. defense deal scam. coal scam, then oil scam, Ponzi scam and so many scams after scams. All shams. But unlike you, we have to labor hard to earn our living, understand? (Then noticing Punditda silent) Kuhak diverted the flow of attention => why guru looks so morose and mute today?
      Earing the remark every partaker of the adda marked Omni Pundit doing no comment today. only making some inscrutable scientific squiggles in his hi gizmo Brazok silently within himself. This must be the signal of some epicenter of low pressure or the forecast of a terrible tornado deep around his atmosphere. Everyone looked at Lolona Lal, his that time favorite Lolo, who was beautiful (sundari) to Punditda as the sundari tree aka Heritiera Fomes of the Sundarbans. Seated next to Punditda. Lolona in her indulgent voice intimated => What’s up, Punditda? Only we’re chattering. What happened to u? Why u not talkin’? Lolona Pleaded.
Punditda would not negate Lolona < such an idea prevailed there amongst some chatterers in the adda. As usual, Punditda  bites  pizza / guzzles a fizz / puzzles his fizza => Nope, Lolo, is there any way that I can do my work peacefully? Punditda’s solilogue.
Relocating his look up from the screen of Brazok, to the buzzers, he took a small white bayurbedic filter tablet Sodhak. from a tiny rounded box in his pocket. slipped it into his pot of Sri Sri Kalimata Bangla aka Bangasudha. the pill diluted in the pot bubbling. The  bayurbedic Sodhak tablet which is said to correct all the negative effects of raw smell + harmful effects of the country liquor + energizes as a tonic leaving the taste intact. Then he goeth on to a short spell of lull and acutely marketh everybody to gauge the attention before beginning his free bangasudha puzzle fizzing fizza spell => Our Alin, you guess— Then again, he switcheth off to mute mode.
That moment everybody became eager. anxious. Ashiq enquired => Yea, where’s Alin?  What occurred to him?
== Yes, haven’t seen him since few weeks back. Kuhak tried to recall.
== Horribilis, Ku Ku, how will u see him? Seen him if you knew where is he? Mysterian Punditda not yet spilling the bean fully.
Without any bolt from the blue, everybody was boiling in the bubbles of curiosity.
Punditda added, rubbing his unruly hair with one hand => But if I tell / you will tell / Punditda is telling tale. Omni Pundit bites pizza / guzzles a fizz / puzzles his fizza.
== Before going Alin only said, he’s going to Singapore with an assignment as a foreign correspondent in a Brit or American news agency — within this time what might happen that he is missing? Preya tried to primagine while dropping the ashes from her burning cigarette butt.
== That’s the old story before 2 weeks. Then Alin would go to Singapore >> from there to Bangkok on office work >> from there to Phuket on 25th for holidaying—next day Boxing Day 
[Patch => The next day after the Christmas is celebrated as Boxing Day in UK, Australia, Canada and New Zealand. Traditionally this time each year people gift the workers like porters, mail carrier, door attendant etc. who deliver them services. Source: Wonderer’s Wordrobes.]
>> As Alin is a party animal, there must be funatic hangover of the previous night — he would rise late in the morning for sleeping at late night — So I called him at Phuket in the morning a bit later / so that he can get past his hangover. Then he was just awake. however, not yet left the bed.  Nevertheless, the little he slept indeed was a sound sleep, as he slept taking his lovely sleeping pill >>> that Thai girl, who was still then asleep.
Lol
....  Their long laughter made Punditda abruptly remember Preya Pathok had some crush on Alin! which he forgot before. He glanced at Preya. he shouldn’t have divulged about Alin’s Thai girl and other sleepartner to Preya. though better that he hasn’t told her, that the girl was stark dressless. Punditda now bidding to rectify in a low modified tone => Sorry Preya, I didn’t mean to hurt you!
However, in front of all others Preya’s face diffused and diluted as the milk spoilt by kerosene poured in it. Nevertheless, she didn’t want any sympathy for that. from anybody outside. Rather she philosophized: In today’s relationship, nobody is bandaged to nobloody. neither he nor I. so he is free. I too free from him. {But within Preya went on her interologue >>> ah ha, Alin hasn’t ever find any woman like me. as ravishingly beautiful as Suchitra Sen, and as virtuous as mother Teresa. a big thug. if he gets to lie with a girl, he doesn’t even want to eat. Since gone there even he did not make me a call! From which brothel rented an escort woman for one nightstand. Lying with some unclean slut will germinate deadly disease in him. No more sleeping with him. Later I’ll have to thank Punditda for this disclosure. A simple and outspoken man. So did he disclose. Any other person would have suppressed it from me. Let Alin come back to me to flirt, I’ll teach him a good lesson. It’s a blessing in disguise. as  I’m also free to hang around with any one >> Unman is ever ready to suit me...}.
....  Now Hita Haait’s query halted Preya’s menterologue => Then? What happened Punditda?
== Hit, and then the Thai gal was slightly nettled for disturbance in her happy sleep in the morning by my call. However, when hinted by Alin about me, she waved her hand toward me to greet: Sawa dee Punditda, Namaskar. Khun Sabai dee mai = hi how are you?
Then Alin just started to talk with me. Nevertheless, before I could say anymore to him I hear a huge thrashing sound of outblast! ~~> may be the splinter of squall of the people at that milieu... The screen turned black. complete decommunication. Later I contacted Alin’s home—he has only mother—father no more—his mom not yet aware of his current whereabouts—on the contrary, she requested me to let her know if I can collect any news of him. I know from the newscast that the tsunami struck over there that day that time. Swept out all houses shops resorts people everything with furious tidal bores beside the sea. But if I tell / you will tell / Punditda is telling tale.
== Tsunami! That has wreaked havoc in the Andaman and Nicobar islands, south India, Bangladesh. Tremor felt even here. Many houses shook in the morning. Water of ponds trembled tremendously in many places of Howrah and 24 Parganas.  Fishes jumped. Ahmmad Khan added.
== Horribilis! What else are u than stark ahammok or fathead? (Everybody’s another round of hilarity >> rightly said Punditda, hear hear). Punditda mimicked: f.i.s.h.e.s  j.u.m.p.e.d! Don’t flash your vocabulary of foolish bocabularies anymore. If there was tsunami here, could we sit here now, eh? Ar-e, what happened here that day in south Bangla is nothing but earthquake and waterquake. However, south Bangla and Bangladesh are under the same high fault prone earthquake zone, but still we are saved this time. As the epicenter of this tsunami was along the Pacific rim of fire— under the Sumatra islands in Indonesia. So the high magnitude of devastating destruction and death have worst affected there. However, whereas the high waves hitting the shores might be as high as 60 to 70ft, it only averages 3ft on the high seas. So tsunami even cannot be felt on the high seas— as our seaman Horse —
== Yea, Horse—that means our Horsit Sarkar? Where is he tripping now? On which ocean? Unman Munshi wanted to know but quipped: You’ll tell / but Punditda, don’t be telling your fizza tale.
== Horribilis! Unman monkey, you’re a jumping hanuman, that is a Macaca Fascicularis. Horse called me today at noon. Their ship is voyaging to Africa with cargo. They are on Arabian Sea crossing over Bay of Bengal. Now their fear isn’t tsunami—but the pirates from Somalia—who capturing the seamen as hostages to extort them—and demand high amount of ransom to make them free. they kill and throw the hostages in the water if they do not get the huge money they demand. But if I tell / you will tell / Punditda is telling tale.
== If the news of probable earthquake, tsunami, and low pressure can be forecasted correctly beforehand, there would be less loss of lives and other destruction. Ahmmad liked to add.
== Horribilis!  Correct. I haven’t known before that you might be fathead, but you have brain—
Natural disasters quakes waves storms
obey only their own norms
that treat all equally
destroy all indiscriminately

During the last few days so many people died. However, not many birds and beasts have died as reported in Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, Sri Lanka —as they could have sniffed the restless internal shaking of the earth beneath the surface. and gone to safe place beforehand. Primitive humans had this power of the 6th sense, which was turned off due to nonuse. However, I was gauging just before sometime to scribble in my Brazok, if any such flawless machine can be devised, but you disrupted me raising hue and crying Punditda Punditda!
== Punditda, u pet an elephant. Then you’ll be aware of this type of danger much ahead. Suhit Seth poked, and you’ll be able to tell more of your mistory tales.
Punditda felt no need to heed to his poke and replied: Do I have the ability to feed elephant? As a last resort, I’m toying with the idea to pet a stray country dog.
== Oh ffather, you bluntly jump down from elephant to stray dog? Percussionist Unman reset the tempo.
== Horribilis! trifling just because it’s a stray country dog eh?  dog can’t have human qualities? u heard the story of a country dog at Puducherry? But if I tell / you will tell / Punditda is telling tale. 
== How? Kuhak fueled him, Punditda you’ll tell / have your fizz / but don’t tell a tale of your fizza.
Ignoring his gag Punditda shrugged off => Ku Ku, I welcome your brickbats targeted at me. As you know—
If you attract brickbats
maybe your merit tree is blessed
in flowers & fruits

He continued >> How? A fisherman just returned from the sea. with his boat full of fishes. to their home beside the sea. However, seeing back at the high seas / he saw the sea / not looking normal as usual. He climbed up to a higher place beside to watch out what is the matter. However, within this time the army of high waves raided there. He alerting his wife screaming from the high to flee to higher place taking the children to save. The escaping wife had the dilemma. Her 3 children cannot be saved at the same time from the surging water with her 2 hands. So who to save who not to save? The problem fixed by the waves snatching her eldest son of 7 years from her clutches. When their pet country dog saved the lad. biting his shirt jumping on the waves to drag him to the shore. Now the dog is god to the couple, dearer than their sons. So tell me why should I not pet a country dog?
== Let it go. Now tell us >> where and how should we celebrate the New Year’s Day? Hita Haait asked Punditda. 
== Horribilis! My word will be heeded? If it’s not our cuppa tea or our peg of wine, we generally don’t bother to understand other things.
We don’t bother other things
We don’t bother don’t care

However if you bother then I’ll suggest the money you’ll spend on dine & drink & dance, donate that to the govt. relief fund or other funds for tsunami victims this year. A grand gesture it will be. In several countries of Asia, Europe and Australia, the New Year’s Day celebrations and fireworks have been withheld on compassion. in addition, samewhere the collected money from the celebration and fireworks will be donated for this cause. However, I’m cutting now. Lot of works await me. 
....  Lolona tried to prevent him => You’re going early today? Stay for some more time.
== Horribilis! Hey Lolo, you see due to the earthquake the pressure on the orbit of earth has been enhanced. So the speed of earth has enhanced a bit, if nominal. The result is reduction in daytime by 3 microseconds. Therefore, I came here 3 microseconds earlier. and will go 3 microseconds earlier. Thus spake Omni Pundit and speedeth away leaving BangaSudha with his friends behind. 



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.13.34
Chapter 34: Invasive Waversion


Waversion ~ Keep off the Beach

Waters rush that side at ease
where the wave is

....  In a beach of Phuket, the scene was somewhat different. Little Kelly Heath was loitering on the shore with her parents in the morning soft sun. Her view suddenly stuck to the far seas. She realized the disaster was just about to thrust! The waves were as if the boiling bubbles in a frying pan......The familiar view of the sea was changing drastically! She premembered the description she had heard in the geography classroom of their teacher Mr. Stuart at their school in Cork. She bade her parent => Those waves must be Tsunami. Let’s desert the beach immediately. Quickly run away to escape from the shore. let us caution everybody in this beach to skip immediately the shore. we will not get even 10 minutes to run away. any late = sure death. 
....  They first alerted the visitors on the beach then & there to escape. On reaching their Mariner hotel near the shore, they asked everyone to quit to the safe distance. That alert quickly alarmed the neighboring area hotels and houses like a wild fire. In addition, as nobody trifled the prewarning of the 8-year-old girl, folks hurriedly moved to the safer places and saved themselves, leaving their seashore address. In fact, probably this was the only beach in Phuket where the dreadly demonic wave raided the next moment but found nobody to grab. The demoness was not happy.

Waversion ~ Outraced but Not Out 

Waters rush that side at ease
where the wave is

..  Can you believe?
..  The calm ocean ~ there raided roaring mega waves! 
..  Can you believe?
..  The mighty sun O indulging the huge disaster!
..  Yet there appeared incredible happenings
..  Ocean waters do not remain stagnant in a place.   
....  Carnicobar. Young engineer Avinabo’s quarter. seaside. 6:30 o'clock in the morning. Chased by the tumultuous tides, Avinabo was racing in his bike with Ishaani, in search of a secured shelter.  to reach the highest place over there on Kakana beach. The quakes ceased. By mistake, they checked out to see / if the high waves were at hand in the nearby sea. But by that time the raging army of barmy waves chased their bike at over 500-700 km speed. to which they had no way but to surrender. The waves played catch and throw with them as well as with many others in the vicinity. Once they were floating, the next moment they were drowning. This way they went senseless. After a long time. Ishaani was the first to gain sense. to see herself lying holding a broken trunk of a tree. That trunk had also sheltered snake, chameleon and various insects. In this case, as all the creatures were facing graver danger so they were not attacking one another for survival. Several other human bodies scattered over here & there. Avinabo too lying senseless at some distance. Waking him again their long navigation, clinging to the log and sustaining the wavetorture to turn back and return. When the air force personnel rescued them and fixed them in hospital—after cure to Port Blair => to Kolkata => to Bagdogra => 

  |\
>==>
  |/

=> to home at Raygunj, where the migrating birds from the distant northern foreign lands on the Kulik river, were riveting their minds. But Ishaani + Avinabo’s firm conviction: Again / we will return / certain & sure / to Carnicobar.

Omni Pundit’s Fizza 6
....  Omni Pundit guzzles a fizz / bites  pizza /  puzzles his fizza, now storms the table => If I tell / you’ll tell/ Punditda is telling tale. Ok you tell me, what’s the magnitude scale of this earthquake? What’s the intensity of this tsunami? Eh? your balloon pinned? air fussed out?
== I’m giving u a chance to tell. You claim Omni Pundit is a ripe prophessor. as a precocious jackfruit, if you please don’t dish out yr bocabulary instead of vocabulary! Everybody there relished this amusing enigma of Unman Munshi in the crossfire to leg-pull Punditda.
== If u would know, then only u can tell, u darn howling hanuman, Macaca Fascicularis! Of course, you don’t know what that is also. so no use to say you.
Everybody was amused to poke Unman > u Macaca Fascicularis! Ceasing them, Punditda continued: I knew you won’t be able to answer. however, for your information, this time the magnitude of quakes was over 9.2 scale. in which the Indian plate slipped under the Burma plate recurrently for 3 times, creating the magnanimous disaster. Under the depth of Indian Ocean, the seabed cracked for 1200 km. resulting that the tsunami, which means the rushing high waves of the ocean, ran. at the speed of 500 to 700 mph and dashed the coastlines of south and southeast Asia and east Africa. the height of the waves was somewhere above 65 feet.  In addition, the intensity of the quake was equal to one billion thunderbolt.
== Again? Again you’re bullying? I’ll not call u a hooligan. but definitely u are a bulligan. This time Suhit Seth tried to poke Punditda. Because there was a perception among some of the chatterers in this adda of BangaSudha, that if u can’t poke, u can’t squeeze the best of Punditda’s fizza sermon.
....  The waiter Sultan served ice cubes. who needed filled in the glasses. However, this time being blasé about Suhit’s pokes, seeing ice Punditda nonchalantly floated his monologues: Now there is no cold here yet. the stuffy weather persisting. I’m planning to ski in the ice somewhere.
== Where you’ll go to see ice, Romda? we’ll also convoy you!  Lolona Lal {Lolo’s today’s wear >>> Pink colored bottoms paired with white tee and white strappy killer heels + pink lipshade with oversized sunglasses.} insisted.
== But will Punditda take us with him? Only Lolo— his fav Heritiera Fomes, if she can persuade him. Hita Haait winked meaningfully at Lolo.
== Of course Punditda, I will accompany you. Lolo whined >> You haven’t taken me with u ever, nowhere on tour. 
== You’re opting to go with him, but Punditda’s going where Kashmir? Kuhak’s query.
== Horribilis! Ku Ku, gone mad? There is reigndom of random fire session between the 2 sides. Punditda dismissed.<= in these places where is snowfall? Chokita Kar doubted.
== Oh, all these are familiar places. Cliché.
== Then Finland, Greenland, Lapland, Alaska, Antarctica?
== Oh ffather, these places snow no doubt. until now, snows are as if for these places. tho currently being warned to warm into melted water. what’s new about it? However, I wanna hangout now to such a place where it never snows, but has now been dumped with snow. Punditda cracked nuts rubbing his unruly hair with one hand.
== But where’s that? In planet Jupiter? Suhit fueled.
== Horribilis! Naw, in this planet. On the Ros al Khaima mountains ^^^^^
== Where’s that?
== That’s in the Arab deserts. 
== OP, In your Bangasudha glass, Sodhak pill must have been diluted with pure ganja— Cannabis Indica. that’s why you’re seeing ice on desert sand! you’re not really Vyasdeb, but no doubt you are Gasdeb, always giving us gas.
There is huge difference
between Vyasdev and Gasdev

You tell fizza tales ok. But, there must be some limit! Not only Suhit gushed out, but also every chatterer there was infected by this skepticism.
== Horribilis! Again—n? if I tell / you’ll tell / Punditda is telling tale. But in this particular case I ain’t blame u. At first, I also didn’t believe it. thought hoax. However, later on searching I found ‘twas possible due to the tremendous shocquake of tsunami. Of course icefield in desert will be a natural phenomenon if in future there crops up any such plan to tow floating icebergs from the Antarctica regions thru the Indian Ocean to the Arab desert peninsula to turn some rich petro dollars countries into green lands! Nevertheless, I don’t know what will be the enviromental effect of it. as of now some ice is there. Punditda rubbed his unruly hair with one hand.
== Then I must be going with you this time. Lolo insistent.
== Us too. All clot in 1 front. Going Dubai / you & I.
== Horribilis! Why do you wanna go for pricy travels? OP cold-shouldered.
Sunshine is in our mind
As mind flows  it is river ~~~
As mind flies  it is bird  ~!~  

When all peoples of the world get free travel of 66,500 miles per hour?  when we’re always on travel? 
== How? Everybody wondered OP's another riddle!
== Listen how. As of nowadays’ perception we travel round the sun 66,500 miles per hour. Ok? + in the galaxy 4,81,000 miles per hour. + with it in the cluster of galaxies another 13,50,000 miles + also traveling away from the center of creation 3,60,000 miles. This is only our hourly travel. Now how many miles we travel yearly for free— you calculate!
Lol
== We won’t hear any of your crafty vocal tonic tactricks, so that you don’t have to take us with you. Lolo was adamant.
== But I won’t go. Because it deems many problems are there. To get leave + papers + visa + ticket. Arranging all these will take some more days. Within that time / the ice will melt to water / only remain will sand / then should we go there / to have only sand in hand? While diffusing them OP noticed another friend sitting in a nearby table. Alone guzzling his bottle of Bangasudha. To evade them OP winked him to stay there and switched over to that table. As he thought—
In our wishdom
we prefer to do as we wish
that I differ and defer
as I refer it to wisdom

....  In his absence, Hita Haait commented: Have you marked Punditda posed such that he’s going to ski immediately. Showing us the dream / as if we’re also hanging out with him. Then suddenly the dreamatist backtracked. + slipped to another table. While the chatterers make the backtracking habit of backtivist Punditda a spicy issue to gag at leg pulling him. Everyone selected a significant simile one after another hinting Lolo:
      > Now our situation is as if >>  we will go out / but we ain’t find our desired set of dress.
      > We are about to write something / but lost our favorite pen.
      > All the apparatus well prepared / but in appropriate time / saying ‘I’m sleepy’ the partner turns / moving to the other side of the bed.
      > Or as if there’s no stock of rice, wheat, oil in home / standing in the tail end of a long snaky queue / from the early morning / when your turn comes / just then the notice of the shop hangs on your face STOCK EXHAUSTED.
      > Or after repeated reminders / when you were promised to pay back some money / then you go to the once flourishing business house / only to hear the business has winded up / and the promisor absconded.
....  Though, while all other friends of OP relished his leg pulling like pickles, this hullabaloo turned distasteful to Lolona; though she was gulping the delicious Funchka prepared for fun by Nando the chef, from the designer recipe of her heartruder Romda, mulling everywhere people speak =>
White in front
Black in back

....  However, like anybody none of them  could  see what was happening that time in other parts of the world

Waversion ~ Train to Hell

Waters rush that side at ease
where the wave is

....  Next day of Christmas. Sunday. Sri Lankan Seacoast. The train was speeding. Abrupt halt. The passengers wondered > if somebody has pulled the chain to stop. The family of Vumika also thought like that. However, they watched the passengers and people from the adjoining locality assisting one another in hurry and scurry to climb up the roof of the train. to save their lives on some place higher than the upsurging sea waves. rushing at hand. However, Vumika and her husband Sajith Senanayeke decided they wouldn’t drop out of the train. they would stay in the train with their 3 siblings whatever happens. they would not be dazed by fear. Sajith asked the elder 2 children to stand tightly clinging the rod. don’t lose your grip. don’t panic. he asked Vumika to hold the baby with one hand and clutch his shirt with the other hand firmly. nobody must scare. I’m gripping you closely.
....  In the last moment arose an audicious squall of the people. However, trashing that uproar, the raging high waves of more than 10 meters fiercely thrashed the train to jump off the rails. . waves gushing in huge force in all compartments. manybody jumped on the thrusting water from the doors and windows of compartments.  First, everybody drowned into the nether land. afterwards in neck dip water. Sajith’s training as an army engineer proved fruitile in the grave danger. Then Sajiths managed to find a rod to grip. After 3 minutes, water began to recede. About 1200 passengers died. only 20 survived. Amongst those, who jumped into the water and who went up the roof of the train, only one who could again manage to jump cross over to the roof of an adjoining house, survived. all others perished. However, the Vumikas who were the only family to survive somehow got down the turn-turtle train holing through the window. on the screwed snaky rail line. Aching painful screams. detached human limbs. piles of corpses. bags. luggage. suitcases. garments. foods. rice and dishes. toys. unused packets of Christmas gifts. sacks. All scattered. shattered. trashed. topsy-turvy waiting to be relocated for newer dumpage addresses.....
....  Just before few hours who held these abject signs of life, now they themselves were the inanimate objects awaiting without signs. Only if they could have sniffed the faintest clue of this ultifatal end of their lives hounded by the monstrous waves, then many of them could have been saved migrating to some higher places beforehand. But— 
seemingly the faithful time-tested redeemer
~~~~~ lavish sea ~~~~~
the source of livelihood for people for eras

How can one foresee
at its bottom sire tense waves the slayer
h~^i^~g~^h
d~~e~~e~~p
d~~i~~r~~e
holed into the
d
e
p
t
h

h
o
w

f
a
r

?



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.14.35
Chapter 35: Orbiting the Preaxis


Waversion ~ Floating Kid Rebound
The water from where rolls to where
....  2 years old Asif turned that time to be a must see item for his neighbors. Many of whom by then had lost their kin and homes. Released from Penang hospital, Asif was returning to their deranged locality ransacked by waves, climbing on the shoulder of his father. At once, he got mobbed. One asked him => Hey, would you go to the beach anymore for a picnic?
Asif covered his face with hands, hiding his face in his father’s shoulder.
== How could you get back your son?
== Oh, what a nice sunny day that was. excellent weather. ideal for picnic. that time whatta terrific puzzle! Abruptly on the far sea, we saw a big white line of monstrous high waves. rushing toward the beach. didn’t allow us time to run to safe distance. at the twinkle of an eye, that hill of waves engulfed us. all scattered to splinter away. After the waves receded, I could collect everybody including his mother, barring Asif. After hours at last, our long look out for him prized us, finding him at a distant place on sand. only his face upwards. water dripping down from his mouth nose eyes. I hurried to pump out water pressing in his belly. then to hospital. On sheer luck / we refound him back.

Waversion ~ Orbiting the Preaxis
The water from where rolls to where
....  In an unidentified American naval position on the South Pacific, Trina Torres spent mirthy 25th December night, slided funtastically with other mariners. On 26th December...
 [Patch => 26th December in history ==> 
1. Thirty eight revolutionary Santy Sioux Indians were executed this day in US. 
2. Two Russian Skylab III astronauts walked on space for 7 hours. 
3. New York covered with 25.8 snow, when in Los Angeles mercury risen to 84 degree F. 
4. In the earthquake of Kansu in China, 70000 people perished. 
The events of number 1 to number 4 happened irrespectively in 1947, 1932, 1862, and 1973. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.] 

Q U I Z >>  Which event happened exactly in which year?
...Trina first got the news of tsunami from her mother Charlene in Manila on phone => Malígayang paskó! (Merry Christmas)! Mis na kitá. (I missed you). Ang gandá-gandá mo. (You look beautiful)! … the news is very touchy to us—as remember, we had faced the same kind of disaster, Trina.  —just a few years ago —that sudden earthquake, vomit of lava and ashes from the volcano and — and the resultant typhoon.
Trina => Can anyone ever forget that, mom?
Charlene => But it may be also this time we’re spared and saved —‘cause we’re shielded behind the big island of Indonesia,   where it crashed. Otherwise, that mountain of tides might have thrashed here on Philippines.
Trina => Listen mom, here an urgent call for me. You leave now. Kailangan ko nang umalís. (I have to go). Babalik ako agád. (I will be right back).
....  Then Trina was ordered to be a part of their immediate mission to Indonesia on urgent rescue and relief operations.
And this time their carrier was the same ship after 15 years. Standing on the deck looking back viewing her mindscope in rumination, on the road of premembrance ==> As if she’s returned to their old home. 
We peel out past remembrances
like layers of onion
though our eyes vapor often

....  The same structure. of the same ship. till now. though the infrastructure is more modern. more equipped. the paint and varnish of the ship repainted. many times. Trina feels the same old pulse of the ship. rubbing her hands in the rooms. railings. cabins. kitchens. The same sage advice by Ben Franklin inscribed by some mariner in front of the engine room => A small leak can sink a great ship. That very touch of the past. the same deck. where at first she got the shelter with many other refugees. Who were the family members of the American soldiers in and around the islands of Philippines... a headful of cloudy evocative archives fogged her...
....  That time the authority here allowed them to board this ship as a kind gesture of their compassion for the family members of the American mariners. Because in the rain of lava and ashes from the eruption of the volcano, their houses at the town of Olangapo were destroyed. Hundreds of people died. They reached the US Navy base splashing over the flooded inundated streets. Thereforth, after a long wait she with others were sanctioned a shelter in this ship......
....  Then a kid of 6 years. She still remembers the kind healing touch of the mariners. Long queue of refugees… day after day the same smell of routine sandwich...
However, within a year they had to return to roots.  As~~>
Whatsoever we fare forward
some something remains behind
Whatsoever we fare forward
some somebody remains behind

....  as they had to reconstruct their house and shop, which lost the patina and its major customer base, the mariners. A few year elapsed. meanwhile for her mum alone it became difficult to fund the expensive studies of her and her sisters + all the expenses of running the family after the divorce with her father, a  mariner stationed in  America.. So following the common trend among the youth that time, Trina joined the American navy.…. After so many years, she is in the same ship where she was once a shelter seeker. Now she’s a shelter giver there.
....  Resting on the deck she inchurned the muse. viewing the indefinite, far pervading imagic Pacific waters.
Everything rotates and returns as was it
Everything tracks often over the same orbit

....  In no time, they would land on the ravaged coast of Sumatra for relief and rescue works. This deck like 15 years ago would be peoplated with the lively vives of homeless battered traumatized hoi polloi. 

Waversion ~ Unequal Battle

The water from where rolls to where

....  Carnicobar air station. When the earth had quaked for the first time, many soldiers ran to the seashore to save their lives. Nevertheless, there the huge waves thrash them to track backwards to the barbed wire fencing 

||...x...||...x...||...x...||...x...||...x...||...x...||
~~ ~~~   ~~ ``~~~~~~~~```~~~~~~
```~~~~~  ~~~~  ````~~~~~~ ``~~``~

They were meant to fight enemy. Now the endemic nature killed them effortlessly without arms without any fight. Some commandos wanted to live climbing quickly over to the roof of a 2-story building. but waves blasted that building. nobody remained alive there. 
....  After the first quake the station commander Vicky Bandyopadhyay alias Bando ordered men to fly immediately with their planes to save their aircrafts and choppers. No fliers had the time to change their dresses. Bando himself rescued several women and children to higher safe place. the planes flew high to safety. 
The copters hovered over the hills with ferocious waters beneath them.  In the second time quake, the hangers crashed down. half the runway abolished. Group Captain J J swiftly flew above. Young pilot S Grover hopelessly watched his wife, and daughter below with the family members of other soldiers cry / to them raising their hands to the sky / s-a-v-e, s-a-v-e us father—but they could not get hold of the copters due to the chance of the rotating blades to be hit by stronger high waves and routed. So all perished by the titanic tides. not a single thread of rope was there on the aircrafts >> throwing which to their families below, they could have upped the hapless families to rescue. 
....  That scenery, that frightening wavetorsion will chase them for life. Even in sleep, the pilot Grover is panicked by the painstaking remembrance of his child girl >> father save us. he could not save her being her father. fighting was far better for them. Because fighting for their country with the enemy, even die for it, could bestow them with honor posthumously. for their bravado. However, here it was the unequal battle with the gigantic superior demoness waters.
....  Their cry was hidden. Nevertheless, the explosession of waters wasn’t hidden. which just demolished the entire air force station, houses, quarters, roads, runway, hanger, radar station......... all twisted into debris within minutes, presenting 185 corpses. 
A few days later, the defense minister accompanied by the air marshal visited the station. The commander Vicky Bandopadhyay saluted them with guard of honor in his vest, pajamas and slipper! <= as then this was all he had. 

Omni Pundit’s Fizza 7
....  Omni Pundit narrated the story to his hearers in Bangasudha with pride, that he has heard about rescuing some people, by his one time fan and currently a station commander, Vicky Bando at Carnicobar air station and exclaimed => Oh, what a thrilling life the militarymen have! Once I wished to be enrolled in military.
== You in army? gone mad then! Unman smirked. 
== You jumping hanuman—Macaca Fascicularies, not a matter of joke. That time I queried about enrolling, to one of my jogger companion neighbour Colonel (Retd) Jagtar Singh Ahluwalia, who was surprised and asked me: OP, why do you wanna join army?
== Why did you join army? I counter-questioned him.
== Because I love war. and I have no wife.
== I want to join because I love peace and I have wife. 
Lol
....  Omni Pundit rubs his unruly hair with one hand. He guzzles a fizz / bites pizza / bubbles his fizza => However, it’s a matter of great relief that this time tsunami didn’t harm the magnificient monuments of Borobudur in Indonesia and Angkor Wat in Vietnam. Vietnam and its people were already ravaged by wars with USA and China with massive destruction, death and wound. and the damages not yet fully healed. Scars of war were found even then at the Vietnam’s hospitals.
== Is it so after so many years? Preya Pathok skeptic. 
....  Punditda didn’t immediately reply, then asked => Haven’t you seen the famous Vietnam War’s 1972 photo taken by the photojournalist Nick UT, of the wailing Napalm Girl Kim Phuc screaming in pain >> “too hot, too hot, I’m dying”? The sobbing 9 year old naked girl was fleeing on the road with others, from the dreadly Napalm bomb explosion in her village outside Saigon? She was naked because the napalm burning rubbished her wears. Publishing full frontal nudity in media was controversial those days.  Leaving her country, having been defected at Canada, after 43 years of suffering immense pain and scars, at last being chanced to get advanced laser treatments in USA to heal, Phuc hoped: “So many years I thought that I have no more scars, no more pain when I’m in heaven. But now – heaven on earth for me!”
    Depicting the story, suddenly the morose Ashiq Pasha absorbed his attention. One of his modus operandi to amuse and be amused was => 
Prick to tickle out the prickle as pickle

....  He pricked the dampened Aashiq =>: Hey lubber lover Ashiq, why u so gloomy today, Romeo? Taken heroin? / mourning your flown heroine? Your Juliet, Surela Ali dumped u and jumped off? 
Ashiq as of then had to remain silent. As it was true.
Oh, in ju de mots he abruptly returned to Ashiq Pasha with a naughty grin => Ye Lover, if Shakespeare would know of your love previously, he would have written Ashiq & Surela instead of  Romeo and Juliet. It’s a regret you weren't born before Shakespeare, horribilis!   
== Not only Romeo & Juliet, Heer & Ranjha? Laila & Majnu? Ahmmad Khan added to prick up. 
Ashiq censored Ahmmad making faces? Oh, very amusing to you? Fathead Ahammok! He repeated the epithet Ahammok— as Punditda had branded Ahammad once. 
Ahammad shrugged it off and asked Punditda? But was it possible for Shakespeare or any other great writer to presume the stories happened before or after him, or if he could presume also, could he write about that story?
== Horribilis! Very imaginative question! The answer will also be premaginative. it could be or could not be. paradoxical. yes and no. That time or before that time there must have been happened tsunami. As now a days, in the ancient times also love did mesmerize the lovesurged couples. But there was no system of rapid communication & media. Therefore, the stories of human suffering could not have spread like today so rapidly, so that it could be written. No, I’m mistaken. There has been always another way? faster than the fastest communicative process.
== Impossible. Suhit contested. Everyone wondered!
== Impossible? Ok just answer me this? 

Q U I Z >>  Tick the speediest mode of communication

[] Tel-egram [] Tel-ecast [] Tel-l a woman [] Tel-epathy [] Tel-ephone. 
Now Unman answered the rapid fire > Obviously Tell a woman. Tell a woman any secret to keep it secret. She would tell another woman?I’m telling you only, don’t divulge it to anybody. In no time she would tell another woman >>I’m telling you only, don’t divulge it to any body… >>>Thus it would reach each & every corner rapidly like wildfire.
Lol
....  Women there laughed hilariously yet protested mildly.
== However, any such instance of love from the past that Shakespeare could have loved to write if he knew? Masuma Malik queried.
== Aplenty, Suma. as it is in the recent past at remote Valdaro in Italy, where Romeo and Juliet itself was plotted by Shakespeare, the skeletons of about a 6000-year-old pair, dubbed as the Lovers of Valdaro was discovered. The discoverers who excavated the skeletons nearly intact, seemingly in lovewave. The head of the excavation team anthropologist Prof. Rossi was delighted by their findings as she observed: This is the first time we found a pair of skeletons probably making love when the sudden death came to them with the arrow ==> shot at them. Now your question arises >> had Shakespeare known it beforehand, would he have written Lovers of Valdaro? Who knows? Punditda paused for a while to remember something properly, rubbing his unruly hair with 1 hand.
{Engrossed with the duo lover’s episode Preya meanwhile musing: Strange discovery of ancient lovemerged couple!... It was better for them that both of them died at the same time… Had it been 1 died and another survived that time to live, as happens in many cases of tsunami, as it mostly happens, it would have been very difficult for the other living to sustain the rest of  the life with the happy pristine remembrances.}
....  After a long pause, Punditda recalled from his memory bank to continue >> Once I visited a town named Como, in Italy, having an awesome lake. Horribilis, when I was proceeding toward the Como Lake to watch a regatta, beside the road I saw gypsy vendors selling medicines and herbs like here. Then I noticed many pairs of teenage girls and boys sitting front to front embracing their loveware partner heartner in the grass under the trees, with their knees folded just as in the same romantic touchniq of the Lovers of Valdaro, still after     6  t h o u s a n d  y e a r s ! Amazing! I had exclaimed. 
Hearing me exclaim, the mail artist Agnella, from Milano, who was then visiting with me, remarked with a meaningful grin >> Unire l'utile al dilettevole (to unite the useful with the delightful). I mulled actually that was the untold motto of many important artists of the renaissance. As well as practically even today, this is the motto of the multinational commercial selling tactricks. As a prequel, could the Lovers of Valdaro imagine this hearticulture of their far scions—the modern
Huggers of Valdaro

Wondering the density of sunlight that day
extravacant marshland, naturely erratic weather
meadowy insects probed at the grassroot?
Then the hugging duo of Valdaro

were you wooing & cooing con amore?

Unconcerned
==> about the ultifatal arrows shot at you <==
were you cuddling & fondling the last time?

Unconcerned
meanwhile 6000 years bygone scenewhile!



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.15.36
Chapter 36: Unveiling the Deadmate 


Waversion ~ Wavezens Bond 

Ocean spares not dwellers on shore
Sky hears not its birds
Some rulers care not the citizens

....  You are to bear it. and share it. However, the ocean not always retains / sometimes it returns. An example of it was found in an eco-park in Africa. There a 1 year-old hippo named Harry turned aggressive when any visitor neared his benefactor, a 100 year-old Turtle. As he assumed somebody’s come to harm his ‘mother’. In fact losing his mother, Harry struck by waves, streamed through the Sabaki River to the Indian Ocean. where the tsunami waves pushed him to the Kenyan shores. Saving him from there, he was relocated to an eco-park. where he was named Harry. Hippo cubs accompany their mothers up to 4 years. but where he would get mother? He took for granted a neighboring 100 year-old male turtle as his mother. the pair ate. sat. walked. roamed. slept. played. plied. swam with each other in unison. tsunami broke. tsunami united.

Waversion ~ Lifesavers

Ocean spares not dwellers on shore
Sky hears not its birds
Some rulers care not the citizens

....  Munni Bano (name changed) and Rustam Khan (name changed), were not known to each other. The 2 were persons of different places. May be they haven’t heard of each other. or  will never hear each other. or will never see each other. one is woman. the other is man. Sill, had they something special similarity in between them? Of course there was in 1 subject >> both of them were engaged in saving people that time from the thrust of the horrendous waves in two different places of the seacoasts. While with his associates, constable Rustom Khan was rescuing tourists in the Manginapari beach near Machhlipatnam, and floating a rescue camp helped 1500 fishermen; fearless Munni Bano, a lifeguard trained by the navy, salvaged at least 50 ravenous wave-struck people and tourists in a beach near Thiruvananthapuram.   

Waversion ~ Marathon with Death 

Ocean spares not dwellers on shore
Sky hears not its birds
Some rulers care not the citizens

....  Chennai. 7 o’clock in the morning. normal sky. usual ocean. Banking on which N Pradip, the lifeguard of the hotel Season, had gone out in the deep seas taking 2 foreigner guests to catch fish. Their boat was 10 miles away from the shore. They were to return to the hotel for breakfast at 9 o’clock. They did not trace the presence of gigantic waves there, away from the shore. Only the boat had rocked a little for once. However, coming near to shore there what they saw, which none of them had experienced ever in life before. Pradip failed to anchor the boat at the shore. As suddenly, the water ebbed one km backward into the sea. That moment there appeared a random huge sand bed. The next violent waves pushed their boat to the shore at nearly 3 times more speedily than usual. The tourist man & woman frantically ran to reach out to the hotel’s beach villa quickly. forsaking their fishing rod, hat, slippers, spec, and camera. But there 3 to 4 feet deep water had already entered. Pradip’s colleagues there were rescuing the guests from the gushing waters, breaking the glass panes of windows. The water-struck manager of the hotel, Kumarswami wanted immediate order to evacuate the guests to the safe shelter into the city, phoning the General Manager Malini Jain. Malini didn’t believe at first => Purila (I don’t understand) you gone mad, Kumarswami? clear sky. no cloud. no storm. water flooded the hotel? all to be evacuated? what are you talking about? let’s go. beachikku polam? (to the beach?)
== Beachikku thanni (water in beach). Oh madam, Just look at the sea outside your window. next wave coming is disastrous. just in a few minutes will smash the hotel. nobody will survive if we can’t escape at once. Kumarswami insisted urgently.
== Malini just revolved her chair to watch the huge deluge rushing towards them! So then & there she ordered to evacuate all to the safer side of the city away from the shore. In this case, both the orderer and the order moved hurry & scurry.
....  However, already experiencing this beach hotel no safer from the blasting tidal bore, Pradip’s client tourist Ric had told his consort => Run Jenna, hurry up. They ran towards the city >>> when only saving of life from the imminent death was the only goal, Jenna forgot >>> The fading lemon colored afternoon beside the Baikal lake... My mother father brother & sister friends and foe, please excuse me before my death. ...The baby ostrich. ...The striking tomahawk …Death valley …Snow fox of the tundra. ..The starry simmering sandy sky in the Thar desert. ..No fasting no exercise no medicine no side effect, eat as much as you like, yet lose weight, as you like. ..How the Beothuk Indians did  extinct? ...Enhancement of breasts up to 7 inches in 12 weeks on throwaway price  refund of money in case of failure. ..Drim drim ta na na na in Tananarive music house. ..On the sensitive Great Barrier Reef playing the water of the coral sea. ..No no nope, no more in sea / I wanna be ... <<< She rolebacked her all those run time musing, ensured by the words of her panting companion Ric.=> No more to run Jenna. we’ve reached safe place.

Waversion ~ Matfloater

Ocean spares not dwellers on shore
Sky hears not its birds
Some rulers care not the citizens

....  Miami beach of Penang in Malaysia. There D Venkatraman had a food stall. [Patch.=> The gastronomical cuisines which had a brisk sale there in Venkat’s stall >> Fried Oyster, Egg aki pancake & duck rice, Bbq pork & chicken rice, Belakan fried rice, Fried Turnip cake, Sao pao..... Source: Wanderers Wordrobes]. That stall was washed away that fateful day. with his baby daughter. The Venkats were merged in grief when his elder daughter returned somehow. But the younger daughter Jayamala was of 20 days only. how she could return herself? Then there was a miracle. While on combing search, it was found that something was floating over the sea. nearing that it was found a mattress <<< that was still amazingly afloat amidst all those turmoil of turbulent waters >>> more surprising was that the tiny Jayamala  still lying over there. uninjured. lively.

Waversion ~ Father Teresa

Ocean spares not dwellers on shore
Sky hears not its birds
Some rulers care not the citizens

....  Teresa Island in the Andaman & Nicobar Isles. The wireless operator Gajab Ali’s advance alertness saved many islanders. Being a watcher for years, he was well aware of the whimsical behavior of the sea. Besides viewing the geographic channels, he was well acquainted with the signs of tsunami. Therefore, that day watching the sea whirling like stark mad, he sniffed the tsunami’s knocking. He mused if we can’t escape we can’t live. Descending from the tower was the road. he found Siddiqi plying on mobike. Briefed Siddiqi => The grave danger tsunami’s coming. alert everybody. at once to escape to upper places. 
....  All escaped to higher places by the outcry and alarm of the 2. The super waves came. but returned alone. Being disheartened~~> The demoness waves weren’t happy! finding none to lift up with them. And the hero Gajab Ali became famous there as the Father Teresa!

Waversion ~ Submerged into Remorse

Ocean spares not dwellers on shore
Sky hears not its birds
Some rulers care not the citizens

....  That fateful time in Thailand James Smith (name changed), an Irish tourist, was struggling for life in the undercurrents, while a drowning pregnant woman wrapped him tightly to save herself and her baby. However, if James could not free himself from the grip of the woman, he himself would die under the sea. Fearing this he had to free himself from the clutch of the woman forcefully. to surface out of the water / but alas, he was to discover /  the body of the dead woman / which floated a few minutes later ? only to be submerged himself again into the deep remorse, to fight within himself for the rest of his life, for not being able to rescue the woman!

Waversion ~ Racing For Life

Ocean spares not dwellers on shore
Sky hears not its birds
Some rulers care not the citizens
....  Carnikobar air force station colony. The marathon running Malayali family of Ratan Kumar and Babu with all others to save their lives. being chased by the demonic waves. They could lift up their old ailing mother and kids to the radar tower 150 feet high. Other 200 hit and injured people, who were able climb up there, were saved for life. Later the air force crews rescued them flying in a chopper. Everybody was grateful to the air force men => this time we’re saved for you only. 

Omni Pundit’s Fizza 8
== It must have been so many couple died in the tsunami, mostly one died leaving the other companion to live, facing the hardships alone with a heavy heart, Chokita Kar observed.
== Yea Choki, right that thing happens almost in all cases. Just yesterday, I got the message—once my colleague scientist Biloy Lahiri’s wife Chitrika was struck by tsunami,  leaving her husband and siblings! Last time also I stayed as their guest at their home at Kalpakkam. She was a wonderful host! Biloy-Chitrika loved each other deeply and had great heartimacy. I don’t know how I will condole Biloy now! OP was wondering.
....  Kuhak curious: Your colleague’s wife! Were they living near the sea?  How did she die? 
His everybuddy in Bangasudha were eager to know how she was hit by tsunami.
....  The visibly sad and perturbed OP wondered rubbing his unkempt hair with one hand. He was slow to revealize to them as if from far with a deep sigh in monologue => Where flows the water / from where!...The 2 little girls crying for their mother. incessantly. frantic search on the nearby coastline habitations. However, the devilian ocean didn’t care / the crying children’s prayer / to return their dear mother. Their dad Biloy Lahiri was rushing from pillar to post like many others— whenever and wherever any info of finding any corpse on road, shore, field, bush and marsh flashed! But no. that dead body was not of his wife Chitrika, the mom of their daughters. Chitrika adored the sea. like her fateman Biloy. They had frequented too many beaches. It was only the last full moon night they had visited a beach holding hand in hand. 

Then they could not premagine this fateful happening was looming. Her aromantic ocean grabbed her. His parents didn’t want. However, their ultifateful love for sea had brought them to the atomic electricity power-generating center at Kalpakkam by the sea. Biloy worked as a scientist in the center... Yet the waves receded leaving his parents. returning his little daughters. but for who he had come here that Chitrika was nowhere.
....  All search for her remained futile. not yet fruitile.  The day ended. The killer day became yesterday. The living people moved to safer side upwards / only awake was their fear inwards. The kids scared. in their sleep also horrorized. if the sea hits back again! So sleepless night passed in gloomdom. From fear arose anger. from futile not fruitile anger to hate. They loved the harmer murderous waves no more. they hated the waves. Wife lost. Yet Biloy attempted to balm and calm his daughters: Still our fate is better. just think of the Tripathy’s next door. only a small kid left in their family, to cremate her parents!
However, his daughters were no buyers of this solace of their dad, rather they dictated their ultramatum:  After mom returns, we will not stay near the shore. will move out from here. either you’ll change your job elsewhere, or we’ll return to our country home at Siliguri with our grandees.
....  Biloy’s dad recalled => I had cautioned you earlier, don’t live on troubler seaside. you didn’t heed my words, my sonie.
Biloy’s mother lamented => We lose our so virtuous daughter in law in this age, when we were to go first! then the wailing atmosphere.
== But what Biloy himself would have mused? Wondered Hita Haait.
OP guessed => Hit, Biloy’s introversion could be >> 
Only those who died
and are to be born yet
are all virtuous & great!

Yet nobody was pulsing his grief. but blemished him indirectly. Yet for who he was distressed / she was detraced. Though, no place left out for thorough search.
....  No. there was another place left for search. Info shored him >> some fresh batch of corpses brought to the morgue. many kin of lost people rushed over there. wailing ran and reran each time after a body identified. and the zeroed in feeling of the loner. Once the alive was no more alive. once the animate was no more animate. their identity now was the number only. tied to their hand. They have returneth to the abstract place / of the zer0ed space >> from where once they had zer0ed in down to earth. Bestowing zer0ness to their relations after their cremations. 
We live in between dark & light, virtue & vice
in gray areas between heaven & hell
in the world of joy & sorrow we hail
always needing to review & revise

....  Biloy revised his looks for her / in the heap of corpses / covering nose to evade the mortual foul smell / with the fear / if it belonged to her !/ but his still faintly desperate hopes >> No why should MY Wife remain here? She can’t be here.

Unveiling the Deadmate

With whom I come in touch
I ever decover the face of the heart
crosspass royal gate in my interspection
to perceive if I can acquire what I covet
At last unveiling the face of the corpse
what my day & night feared in course
hidden in the surge of postulation
The face is dead (*j*)
,,  dead  face (*j*)



(((((((((((()))))))))))


C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.16.37
Chapter 37: Soulistic Wavesession


Waversion ~ Moaning Woman

Rough or fair weather
doesn’t stay samewhere

You couldn't sleep sans my lullaby in bed.
,,  were a good student at school.
,,  respected your elders and cared for them.
,,  were a good-looking woman.
,,  kept your house neat and clean.
,,  loved your neighbors and loved by them.
,,  loved your husband.
,,  loved your 3 children very much.
But did you not love me anymore?
So you’ve taken the children with you to die?
Without leaving even 1 child living for me?
How shall I live now without you all?
in who’s in which hope?

....  This was the stuff from the humming monotonous dirge of moaning, in wearisome rueful elegy by Meeramma, the poor widow. whose all hopes and joy of living dispersed by the dashing tsunami in a fishing village near Cuddalore. She was near to the exhuming dead body of her only daughter. just identified by her profusely crying son in law Mutthu, lying on the ground to kiss his dead heartifact’s feet. whose children also washed away with their makeshift hut near the shore. He deplored he couldn't get a chance to save at least one of the children. 
....  But who is hearing whose cry? As where all the living near and dear ones of the deceased rotting bodies of hundreds of people, simply lying waiting to be identified. Many of them were severely damaged and disfigured. dumped in the morgue of the hospital. where so many rotting and melting people's postmortem was impossible to be done so hastily. Bleaching powder scattered all over to suppress the foul stench of rotten bodies of humans and animals and prevent infection of epidemics. White masked doctors. masked nurses. masked all other employees. masked security personnel. masked government officials. But the exhuming foul smell could not be masked in the abundant sea breeze. After identification of a body by her/his relative from the huge pile of corpses, the body tagged with a number tied to the part of the body— the name of the deceased announced in the mike. crowd of outcrying women being restless and trying to reach the dead— restrained by the security force jawans and then the bodies were sent in truckloads— to be laid to rest in mass graves that were trenched. In addition, more truckloads of bodies, roughly 2/3rds of them were hapless children, women, and the old people— who couldn't outrace the mighty high wall of tides— were due to be sent for burials.  

....  Mutthu was waiting for the burial of his wife to be covered by soil filled by the earthmover. After which he would proceed to Nagappattinam in search of his parents and sisters, further south, as if dodged by the horn of a rhino to the mouth of a hungry tiger, as where he had heard the devastation was even more severe.

Waversion ~ Campbell Bay

Rough or fair weather
doesn’t stay samewhere

....  The sea was chasing behind the 3 toner military truck with 13 soldiers in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands' Campbell Bay. [Patch => That Campbell Bay, where the Southern Most point of India—Indira Point (previously Pygmalion Point, renamed by once prime minister’s prime minister son in his mom’s name—) would be discovered vanished—submerging under water along the coastline with a lighthouse, once located. The secret was also leaked out in the open in the press with amazement, how here, from where the light of the Indonesian islands is visible at night just 40 miles away, India could establish its secret naval base, and then inundated by tsunami! Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
....  The over flooded road could not be visible under water. At last, they could drag themselves onto 25 feet high 0 point to safety. However, they saw below the fishermen's village was submerged. Some people were being toyed by the tides. Deb Dutta with G Bhattacharya, M Jadav & S Mandal jumped to swim over to there. Still there were 4 people and a man who seemed to be mentally retarded, were trying to climb a bamboo pole. In addition, 2 were on the roof of a hut. 
== We got so satisfaction saving them that we got never before. Narrated Deb Dutta. Later on, the day of my marriage, in my home at Belonia, Tripura, my new wife sobbed hearing the story of our struggle for life in the tsunami. I also went to see the people we had saved in a relief camp in Port Blair. However, they could not recognize me. So what? If it needs, I will again try to save people, resolved the soldier. 

Waversion ~ Airborne Onge Couple

Rough or fair weather
doesn’t stay samewhere

....  The rescuing Chetak copter Indian naval pilots were again plagued with the problem—no clearance place was there to get to land. as also nowhere nearby any spot found to anchor naval boats. And here they had another acute problem >> how to communicate with the aboriginal, nearly extinct Negroid Onge teenager couple Rajani (14) and Madan (16), who have no slightest knowledge of any other language and are scanty clothed. However, as mariners are to face any eventualities, they also braved it, taking hours to lift them up in the copter to safety with their newborn daughter, needing urgent medical care and later transferred to the Port Blair hospital's tribal ward. Rajani and Madan were Onge tribal, a few of whom were still living in Dugong Creek and South Bay— had to flee to those civilized villagers at Hut Bay—who sheltered them. 
....  However, due to pregnancy of Rajani, the couple could not leave until the birth of their baby. For the sake of the newborn until then Madan shrinking in their scare & inhibition, was seen waving a piece of cloth desperately to catch the attention of the copter in search of marooned tribal. Lt Commander A S Rajput, while flying low over the tribal belts, to scan if any trace of life still was to be found to rescue post the disaster, spotted them. After lifting up the couple with the baby in the chopper, commander Rajput even told the couple seeing the baby in joy.=> Let your newborn baby be the symbol of our brighter days coming ahead! However, the couple from the Dugong Creek, were so scared and skeptic of the civilized people and their lingo — they didn't understand — that they only did clutch each other tightly all along in the copter.
....  There's a speculation that the few Dugongs or mermaids who were in the underwater in the Dugong Creek were destroyed during tsunami. The commander was asked => You frequented that place, have you ever seen any Dugong there?
== Not only I haven't seen, replied the Commander, but also haven't seen anyone who has seen Dugong.
[Patch => How could they see? Due to poaching, caught in fishing nets, attacked by predator shirks, pollution, bloom of poisonous algae, hit by speedy boats, these slow gaiting sea grass eating innocent mammals were at that time endangered, vulnerable and facing toward near-extinction worldwide. Nevertheless, since the ancient times the dugongs and their variation manatees had been found aplenty in the oceans by the seafarers and were fictitiously primagined as mermaids. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.] 

Waversion ~ Swim over to safety

Rough or fair weather
doesn’t stay samewhere

== Where were you when the big tides struck? The relatives and well-wishers gathered at the house of the little girl Nayna Reddy’s maternal grandparents, asked her.
== Then I was in the ground floor with my parents and bro in Carnicobar. Abruptly barged in the dragonic tides~~>forced us to climb to the first floor~~>tides gushed up there~~> the next moment I saw my parents and bro disappear. An official in the met department, Srihari Reddy taught his daughter how to swim. Though he himself gone detraced, his 12-year-old daughter Nayna could survive the hazards of the marathon swimming for the next 2 days to the shore of an island. There she was laid senseless with reptiles, fishes and other aquatic animals. Wherefrom she was rescued by some tribal people >> handed over to the marines >> who flew her to Visakhapatnam and finally to maternal grandparents in Hyderabad. 
== Have you got any information about your parents and brother?
== They must be alive somewhere. One day they will return, you will see. As I have so many talks to share with my dad! Nayna firmly believed. Oh, dad—Meeru ela unnaru? Meeru ekkada untunnaaru. (How about you? Where are you?)
....  The class VIII standard student, who swam ashore with her incredible girt of inhuman physical and mental might / negotiating the giant tides for the last 2 days and nights / speaking with her firm conviction so long, for the first time crashed / hugging her grand mom. Both of them immersed in the sea of grief. foaming uncontrollable waves of tsunami tears / over-flooding the eyes of theirs!
 
Omni Pundit’s Fizza 9
== Throughout the ages all over the world people suffer so much for love wave—yet they covet for this one magnetic word—LOVE—though called in different languages differently. Omni Pundit bemusingly addeth. He guzzles a fizz / bites pizza / bubbles his fizza.
But Suhit Seth suddenly challenged to put him down => OP, you brag of knowing many languages. Can you say the transversion of I love you, in German?
Omni Pundit was irritated to answer him => Sethji, you Shrewmouse  = Sorex Carulescens, can you show me a single instance when I, a VVIP, did brag? You won’t. Nevertheless, I love you in German may be >> Ich liebe dich. Now can you translate the same in Yup’ik, Farsi or Latin or—
== Sorry, I surrender I can’t. For that should I fall in your feet to beg your pardon? Theatrically Suhit proceeded his hand to catch his feet.
Lol
== Horribilis! Boat capsized, eh! Sorex Carulescens! Don’t utter any more the word LOVE— the most used and misused word in all ages allover the world. and the mostly used & abused phrase in the world is—I love you. Can anybody of you say the transversion of the phrase in some other languages?
== You tell us. Frankly, we can’t say. Chokita admitted.
Omni Pundit was visually happy for they failed to tell.
....  He said => Well, hear in different languages I love you = Kenkamken (Yup’ik).  Asheghetam (Farsi). Te amo (Latin + Italian). Sarang hae (Korean). Ya vas Liubliu  (Russian). Kimi O Ai Shiteru (Japanese). Te Quiero (Spanish). Wo le Ni (Chinese). Ohiboke (Arabic).  Volim te (Bosnian, Serbian and  Croatian).  Ngiyakuthanda  (Zulu). Naanu ninnanu preethisuthene (Kannada). Eu te amo (Portuguese)… 
....  He terminated to add: Don’t be afraid. no more as of now. as you may not digest more at a time and doze off. He paused to muse for a moment. However, the language might be different. But the body language and sacrifice for love has been the same. That’s why and how the word love hath been adored so much every hither & thither—while true love remaineth the same.  True Love ain’t so easy. It is  well known that so many people have sacrificed even their lives for love allover the ages.
== I don’t agree with you. Sacrifice for love is a past tense that doesn’t happen now. Ro Ro emphasized.
== Yes, it were in the past ages.  nowadays it's a past tense. Amusingly challenged Kuhak Kumar—to flare him up.
== Horribilis! Really, Ku Ku, I thought you slightly better than Suhit & Unman, but I see you’re also a Sorex Caerulescens, a shrewmouse! Not nowadays? It happens this day also. He rubbed his unkempt hair with one hand. Then what is this for instance—no. ney. naw. If I tell/ you’ll tell/ Punditda is telling tale.
....  Then as was practice there—everybody got inquisitive to hear the facts, which he slowed down. He tried to shape up rubbing his rowdy gravity-defying hair  with one hand. and stirred his icy glass of bangasudha dissolving sodhak pill in it, full of riddle. Everybody was requesting him more and more to belch out the story, which he chugged off slowly.=> Well, a love-struck Californian woman, 35 years old Woma, rang the doorbell of her ex boy friend Diego Fernandez at midnight, but he didn’t open up. As he didn’t want her—who mothered his 2 kids—in the house anymore. So, to sneak inside the home, she went up the roof. got herself naked. to be able to slide herself inside the 12 inch × 12 inch opening. And got stuck inside the chimney. She fervently cried for help. Waking Diego couldn’t realize where was Woma screaming. 
He asked: Where’re you?
==> Stuck here— inside the chimney. Crying Woma.
....  He went there to drag her up. But could not. So he called up the fire fighters, who rescued her early in the morning after 2 hours attempt.
== Omg! Exclaimed Masuma and Choki.
== Horribilis! Not only this. Earlier another Californian woman—though not as lucky as Woma. A 49 year old, Jake, a techie, had an off-&-on affair with her 58 year-old beau. 
In the same way—having not been able to enter in his locked boyfriend’s home, she thought he must have been hiding inside the room. She slided her feet in the chimney. 
== Where was her bf then? Ro Ro Quizzed. 
== Her boyfriend had already left home apprehending confrontation with her, to spend the night with another friend. Jake died apparently due to stuffocation, wedged inside the narrow chimney. After several days of her missing, following a smell and fluids, a house sitter and her daughter discovered her body stuck above the opening of the fireplace, which was latter extracted by the firefighters after five hours effort in dismantling the chimney and the flue.
== Well, did you find any difference of approach towards love in the past with the present? Hita Haait wondered.
== Hit, horribilis, a little. the difference in the attitude toward love at present with the past, may be >>
Hitherto love was romantic sticky exotic live burnwire
Today love is hive of nonsticky sexotic live funware



(((((((((((()))))))))))


C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.17.38
Chapter 38: Cheerless Cheervirus


Waversion ~ Cheerless Cheers
== Meet Mick Arthur, a real life hero, whom people do not know. Susana Jones introduced her new friend Mick to Alin, knowing him a media-guy on the Bangkok Street by night.
....  On the first night of the year dumping all celebrating festivities in Bangkok, the shaken tourists from the forsaken seashores thronged in here and other city hotels in North Thailand far from the sea. No more rooms vacant in Bangkok hotels. already brimming with tourists. On some of the streets, morose with heavy heart for the thousands of people killed, injured and missing, swarmed makeshift drinking bars. Such a barman Giff  philosophised => Life can't stop. as the time can't stop for anybody. anything. though immersed in sorrow for the vehement national disaster, we can't give our foreign guests more difficulty. they've also suffered a lot of distress in this calamity. So cheers! Happy new year to everybody!
== CHEERS! Toasted Susana with Mick with Russian, French, Danish and Swiss tourists raising their glasses. They wanted to forget having cheers to enjoy. But.
Sheer cheers appear
when something dear appear
as well as undear disappear

== Here just the reverse happened few days ago. So, this was cheerless cheers, not enjoy but unjoy. Observed Alin, spotting several signs of wounds and cuts on Mick's face, neck and hands >> Would you say how these wounds occurred?
However, the middle aged Mick very reluctantly replied in short.=> That day in Phuket, large waves first thrust me against a wall. I was injured—you're seeing the marks in my face. However, having previous experience of fire fighting in England, I could save many people on 5/6 times, going back with the waves— this is my sheer good luck.
== Apart from him I had met 2 others who were here, but just flew back to Britain for the New Year. Susana said.
== What's particular about them? The world should know. Alin probed.
== They risked their lives to save people from the raging tides. From upper floor of a hotel in Phi Phi Island—when they saw bellow marooned people in the rowdy seas— they descended the hotel. From the roof of an adjacent house lifted at least 50 drowning people up to that roof. then dragged them to their hotel  to evade the lashing of bigger waves. they shouldered them to their room in upper floor. nursed bandaging them tearing their own clothes and bed sheets. making makeshift stretchers, they carried them to the chopper on way to the hospital to heal. Barring only the dress they're wearing, all they gave to those who needed.  Doing all these when asked, one of them Peter said to me => This isn’t any act of heroics. We were lucky that we could live to save some other people to live.
== And another?
== The other Paul was even more humble to respond precisely.>> Peter is right. Nothing heroics is here. Anybody would have done this. In addition, if I couldn't have done this little, I would have felt guilty to my conscience forever.

Waversion ~ Routrage + Outrage

Routrages of ocean end
Outrages of women remain the trend

....  The sudden thrust of high tides on Sri Lanka coast shattered the picnickers of Ruby’s party. Most of them were drowning. Ruby (not her real name) was not any exception. While strong currents pulled her towards the nether land, abruptly as if a god-sent voice heard, floating nearby => Hold me tight. I’ll save you.
Thereforth, she did, until the 2 were pushed by the tides to a river mouth. While she was trying to get up from the water to the bank, the man dashed her in the mud bed and forced her to seduce. She shouted to protest only to be shunted by his threat squeezing his 2 hands in her neck.=> If you try to shout, I’ll kill you. Your corpse will melt in the water. nobody will get the trace.
Then he raped me.< = Sobbing Ruby’s statement to Dr. Gunaratne, who examined her in a relief camp.
== I had preguessed that. However, I’ll have to inform this case to the police, Dr. Gunaratne insisted.
== Doctor Sir, please don’t tell police or anybody else. Ruby’s earnest prayer.
== Why? Don’t you want the dirtisan offender to be severely  punished! The Doctor’s surprise.
== More urgent need for me than the offender’s punishment is, I’ll have to live. I’m merely 18. My entire family members swayed in the sea. None is alive. Then if the slur of rape on me is leaked out to my villagers, some of them will misutilize it by smearing the stigma of characterlessness on me, to evict me out of my home and grab my home and prop and crop. Nobody will employ me in any work. Then after the end of this camp where shall I go? what shall I eat? The world is ruthless. Roughed Ruby sobbed. She muttered within herself >>
The wind turns. The sun returns
But my turn never comes
My sun never rises

The Doctor balmed solace:
The wind changes
if it doesn't change your condition for the better
you must try relentlessly to turn the tide
and get it happen in your favour

....  But at the core, the doctor was silenced. as he had no med for this disease. He knew the dirtifact that like abraded Ruby, so many girls are raped. Who don’t hit the news / never publicized / The rapers seldom face trial / the offenders rarely traced / so rarely punished. He is aware humans  have made the nature toxic and infuriated. Tsunami is the robust outburst of the nature’s furious might~~which is published through the rugged waters to routburst. However, the routrages of the nature recede / the outrages of wo/men do not reduce. One time the marks of water fade / but the stigma of rape retains its shade. The wavetorsion ends The tears of humanity dry up. [Patch => Did you know? Reverse raping. Amy Morgan (real name withheld so that she might not be immortalized), a 28 years old teacher of an Idaho school in America, was arrested from her room in Shirlton hotel. Then police found out a 17 year old minor lad from her bed. On more raids the cops discovered 6 minor lads of 14-15 years old—all friends of Amy’s son + one nude picture of the teacher Amy dancing and frolicking with the minors + liquors, marijuana, cocaine and open packet of condom. They also rescued 2 allured minor lasses drugged with cocaine for lesbian sexual acts. However Amy was sintenced for 39 charge of sins against her including illegal rape of minors, alluring them with banned drugs, and given 3 to 6 years of imprisonment + probation for 36 years + got registered as a sexual offender by the court. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
....  The convicted men rapers were subjected to stricter punishment. In fact in many cases where the tortured girl / woman was killed by the raper/s, there was strong public opinion for death sentence. Adversely their debaters argued that the death sentence would not reduce the ever-increasing number of rape and kill.
....  [Patch => In another case, 3 alleged rapists out of 5, including the 17-year-old son of a military general, were forgiven by the gangraped girl, after they promised to pay her a hefty amount of compensation, seeking apology. However, this report was contested by the mother pleading her son not guilty.  Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
....  In many cases, it is found that the rapist is excused by the raped woman after marrying her.
....  So in the Wanderer’s Wordrobes, the answer to this issue is probed by a questionnaire to survey public opinion >> In your propinion what punishment is proper for rape? Link as you think / click as you tick =>
? Death punishment?
? Life term imprisonment?
? Castration / desexualization?
? Forfeit of the offender’s prop to compensate the family of the aggrieved / tortured?
? Printing permanently the tag RAPIST in the face, or visible part of the rapist's body?
? Drastic change in the people’s outlook regarding rape taking it as a non-offence?
? Compulsive deployment of the raper in social beneficial works?
? Equal penalty for equal crime for wo/men?
? NOTA?

Omni Pundit's Fizza 10
....  While Punditda he was answering to Chokita’s query, he was fire upon Unman & Suhit noticing them bullying the young women. He lamblasted
== Horribilis! You breeding bulls! Bullying hooligans—nay—Bulligans! Why are you here? Roaming hither & thither and doing nothing? Getting no girls for bullying? Here the girls might not find you suitable for them. Better go to China and hire a girlfriend (as reported) on low rate.*
* Rates subject to change without notice. Terms + Conditions apply.
== If we had that money why go to China, we could get it here. Suhit served.
== Horribilis! You might also get the chance to be hired by young girls there, to act as their temporary contract boyfriends. As in the Chinese new year season some of them were reportedly in need of boyfriends when the young women, returning to their families, parties and social functions. Omni Pundit lightly advised them.
== But are you serious? Unman Doubted.
== Seriously serious? Suhit seconded.
== Horribilis! I’m seriously seriously seriously serious. Some of the young women there have acute pressure on them from their parents and relations to be married and get settled, before they are left over as unmarried for life, reaching the certain age when they will be considered older for marriage, just like here.  Those left out single young women in their 20s and 30s, who have no boyfriends, and not yet married. some of them are eager to show and assure their anxious parents that their loving daughter has an able companion of their choice and status who will look after them for life. So some of them hire casual boyfriends, which is not yet systematized here—so that you can be hired to be later fired / if you are not admired. Nevertheless, you will get payment there for acting as boyfriend also. Punditda amused.
== Really? How much they pay? Suhit and Unman were instantly curious and interested.
== That depends. if I tell / you’ll tell/ Punditda is telling tale. Punditda rubbing his unruly hair with one hand. And —
* Rates subject to change without notice. T + C apply.
== But how far — ?
== —How far can you go forth with the girls? Up to free kiss. and not below the belt. no taking of badvantage allowed. This far and no further. Yet that said one girl even warned her newly hired boyfriend >> If you plant a single kiss in my lips, I will be forever yours!
The boy got alarmed >> Oh, I would like to kiss you, but now thank you, for warning me beforehand! Punditda.
Lol
== Punditda, Why men kiss in women’s lips? Bindas’ quick quiz.
== Because else can you shut their mouth?
Lol
Kiss denotes attracted to the opposite sex, caused by the molecule kisspeptin in brain. 
== They allow only kiss? this much? not more beyond that? Unman and Suhit dismayed.
== That too, do you consider when you’re kissing, about 80 million bacteria are exchanged between the 2 bartering mouths, for just a kiss of 10 seconds? Imagine, the partners who kiss 9 times a day transfer billions of bacteria between them. Yet  kiss is so magnetic that it itself is a dire bacteria!
Lol
== And kiss may be of different types and may serve different purposes >>> {Here Omni Pundit without saying anything, paused to remember the relating poem}:
Kiss

Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss
Who take when which side 
who kiss when which cheeks
that can’t be predicted

Kiss in snake’s face  Kiss in frog’s face
,,  on the left  Kiss on the right
,,  in the temple  Kiss in the neck
,,  into the marrow  Kiss in the spot
,,  of red blush  Kiss of brazen rush
,,  in mom’s lips  Kiss in papa’s lips
,,  in child’s face  Kiss in corpses face
,,  in man’s lips  Kiss in woman’s lips
,,  in other’s man’s lips  
,,  in other’s woman’s lips
,,  in young’s face  Kiss in morbid face
,,  in smiling face  Kiss in tearful face
,,  of free amour  Kiss of sheer anger
,,  of hush hush  Kiss of careless bash
,,  of open sanction  kiss of breaking ban
,,  Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss 
Who take when which side 
who kiss when which cheeks
that can’t be predicted

Kiss to the earth  Kiss to the soil
,,  to the sky  Kiss to the wind
,,  to the life  Kiss to the death
,,  in happy union  Kiss in sad sadieu

Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss 
Who take when which side 
Who kiss when which cheeks
that can’t be predicted.  
....  Shattering his cerebration, Unman’s ardent request => However, whatever, oh Guru, please give us that break. We are in dire need of money and girls. Here the girls do not give us any importance.
The girls giggle

== Horribilis! You think me a pimp of women? See first if you are eligible according to their requirements. Probably not. Because only foreign tourists and businesspersons might be allowed to go there. No womaniac missventure. As what business will you show / there to go?
== Why, boyfriend business? Suhit’s prompt response.
Lol
== I don’t know if you’ll be allowed as a foreigner. Punditda lobbed them into sticky deep mud.
....  Unnoticed, Hita Haait gone silent and pensive, as she has the same problem for herself like many other young women & men, having no longtime partner. Bisexual, she was practicing interim relationship with her short-term lesbi wife Friendie. They were using vibrating and multitasking RoboDildos for their vagina and gspot floor sexcercizes and fun. As Hita could no more wait to own her Mr. Right for her more natural fun, at the expense of precious time of her waning youth. Whereas yet there was no system of hiring a boyfriend, that might help her to get her parents and relatives assured at least for the time being. So to address this problem, and also for her own natureal funaticism, she secretly engaged gigolos occasionally. [Patch => One of her gigolos whom she liked most, was nicknamed Rhino. Like a rhino’s horn, he could rouse her horny, sextatic & ecstatic—whose profile showed:
....  Women, enjoy your life, have funatic time full to the fizz. Age no bar. Wild Party. Hen Party. Rev Party. Assured privacy and security at your place or ours. Young Handsome Hunk masseur. HornY  happy ending. Tantra. Escort Service…100% Satisfaction Guaranteed. Ask: Rhino. 347 xxx xxx 869] 
....  As like most people also to Hita —>
To wo/men what can be dearer
than having worthy, hearthy
peaceful and blissful partner?



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.18.39
Chapter 39: Hostile Crosstides


Waversion ~ Safesiders

Across the surging tides
cross onto the safe sides

The swelling rampant waves
broke jail in 2 places
in Indonesia + Sri Lanka
500 jail mates vanished swimming

Waversion ~ Fishersavers

Across the surging tides
cross onto the safe sides

== You have saved our lives fighting with the huge waves risking your lives. We are extremely grateful to you. We would be happy to reward you an amount, you want from us as compensation. The saved couple in a coastal area of Andhra insisted the 5 fishermen who saved them.
The senior most of the fishermen replied.=> Never bother. we are already rewarded. We are very lucky to get a new lease in our life. when we could escape ourselves from the previous high waves. In addition, from the next higher wave we were able to save you. What better reward any one could expect? I think we all will also agree, this is by far the most joyous moment in our lives.
His comrades nodded in unison
—Dhanyavaadamulu (Thank You), said the couple.

Hostile Crosstides 
....  Oblique Crosscurrent. Right that time live from the different oblique troubled waters. Omni Pundit abruptly got an SOS from the holidaying Porno at Frasergunj. Punditda called him back, migrating to Chakkar’s table,  saying ‘just coming’ to his friends. He got Porno on the line and was furicious to censure him => Hey Porn, Horribilis! you’ve no concern? Eh, the share bazaar peaked, and if you can’t sell immediately, we’ll miss a huge profit. Still holidaying, you have no trace now for over a month!—
== Just listen Punditda, you’ll understand why. Porno’s voice seemed suffering to him.>> Over a month before the tsunami, we went to DH in a pleasure trip with 3 of my friends. While boating in the evening in the river, the boat was struck by the fierce cyclone and we were drifted by the high currents drawn toward the sea through the night. Nozir Molla, the experienced boatman at last was trying to park the boat in a fiord at dark, to evade the ferocious wrath of the storm, in the dense forest of the Sundarbans…
[Patch => The Largest delta in the world, formed by the rivers Ganga, Bramhaputra and Meghna—spread over 10200 sq km of reserved forest in India and Bangladesh + another 5400 sq km of non-forest bio-sphere reserve in Indian Sundarbans region. world heritage site.  rich in biodiversity of aquatic flora and fauna. largest mangrove forest in the world. Sundarban derived its name from the tree Sundari (Heritiera Fomes). checks naturely the erosion of soil from saline sea tides. habitat of the largest number of Bengal tigers in the world. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
…However, little did we know then that which led the boat to be attracted by a phantomic heavy search light, we were watching from far away, would be at last that of a torching pirates’ boat seizing us! The boatjackers detained our boat at night and used as hostages demanding large amount of ransom from us, failing to pay them we were to die. Nevertheless, who had the capacity to pay that exorbitant sum of ransom? Neither the poor boatman Nozir Molla, nor his dependent large family back home, who had barely one meal a day to eat, could pay the ransom amount. Porno went on saying.
== Horribilis! They didn’t press you for ransom? Punditda interrupted.
== We were their main targets for ransom. We confided to fox them continuously that we’ll pay them more than the amount they demand, in which hope they didn’t kill us, as we were their burden and security hazard, since they had to carry us with them often when they changed their place, lest they were hounded by the police. However, we said them that they’ve to let us go home to withdraw the money from bank having only our single signature and ID for operation. Because so much amount of money, nobody can give from home or office. They said they would go to the bank to withdraw money if we give them our signed cheque. We said we have no cheque here with us as you saw. The chequebook is in our office, where none but us have the access. Also,  no such high amount of money we have in our account, which we have to gather by loan from different agencies. Which nobody else can do besides our own presence there individually. Moreover, if you even go to the bank with our signed cheque, the bank will verify your identity to give you the huge amount of money. So you might be caught red handed, for which we will not be responsible. In addition, our women friends said, as they haven’t ever even seen such a huge amount of money, so by no means they can pay the ransom amount, even if they kill them. Therefore, the pirates were torturing them whenever and how far they desired. Oh, yes, I’m forgetting. There was another boy of 12 years, who knows you very well. He’s the boatman’s helper Nabik.
== Horribilis! Nabik! I’m in search of him here frantically! What’s he doing in the boat? How he went there? A whiz kid! a brilliant student, for which he was unprecedentedly allowed to appear the school-leaving exam this year in premature age. 
== Once when I was mulling your name Punditda with my friend Hizol, if I should ask your help. However, all our equipment, money and all other belongings were snatched by the pirates. How to contact you? Then Nabik enquired: Is it Professor Romnis Pundit, you mentioned?
I was surprised.=> Yes, you know him!
== Very well. He is a scientist. He mentors our projects in the scientific talent hunt fair for schools. He first spotted me out in a Mathematics seminar where I solved difficult sums rapidly in a new approach. Now I have frequent contact with him on a project.
== You read in school, solve knotty math, devise projects, and yet work on boats!
== What's wrong in it? I earn while I learn. Nabik was crisp, clear and assertive.
Nabik told me after his parent’s death as an orphan, having nobody in the world to support him; he had to earn his livelihood himself in the minor age. by working as an assistant to a boatman in his off times, when he has no class. Sometimes when he got no work in a boat with the fishermen to fish in the deep seas, he goes to the deep jungle with the honey collector's parties to collect honey in the Royal Bengal Tiger core area in the Sundarbans jungle, risking his life under the cruel paws of tigers. To fool the man-eater tigers they have to wear masks behind their head. so that the tigers think, they have eyes on their back, which sometimes work good, not always. But he is so much self-respectful that he hid his acute poverty and needs, to his mentor Professor Romnis Pundit, who had supported his scientific projects and make them exhibited in science fairs and workshops and taught him higher mathematics and the difficult problems of science and planning projects with him due to his experimentality. Nabik knew very well that if you were aware of his poverty, you would definitely help to bail him out. However, Nabik wishes the satisfaction to help himself to earn while he learns. Porno epicted the situation. 
He further added: I told Nabik, I would tell Punditda   about you, if we were rescued from here. 
== We will. As in the past I’ve several times gave pirates the slip. Let’s see what plan Hizolda hits this time, unpanicked, he predicted firmly:
A troop of tigers with an ass in command
will lose to a troop of asses with a tiger in command

== Bah, very rightly said! Where the pirates held you for ransom over a month? Anxious Punditda interrogated.
== Changing spots constantly, fearing police raid in the deep jungles, their boat often parked in estuaries bordering with Bangladesh, where till now actually no border is clearly demarkable. In addition, nobody comes there except the ruffians and tigers who do not regard any manmade boundary. So that if the border forces of any country chase they can easily cross over to the other country. The police could not trace them or chose not to waste their valuable time over racing to trace them. As the smugglers, have also their high contacts with some of the top guns in the hierarchy. We were guarded by gun totting men, and tied by rope with the boat with the warning: If you try to escape, either the gunfire or the tiger will greet or eat you. The thing that bothered us most was the fear of the tigers and the swinging moods of the pirates, which changed very often and we could be shot at any time due to our failure to pay the ransom for them. However, my friend Hizol was not to give up hope until the last time. He was always trying to befriend bullying the pirates: You want ransom of 1 crore rupees from us. but why so small amount? we will give you 2 crores—that is double than what you demand. However, just wait the crew of the ship whom in front of you from your phone, we have asked to bring ransom amount from Kolkata, has been stuck in the mud at the river Hooghly. They are trying hard to dredge out the river slit, you’ve heard the report, if you don't believe me. Thus, he fabricated new and new masala stories and hit plans with me, Nozir and Nabik to flee with the women. 
== At last how did you escape? Punditda was impatient.
== Hizol chalked out a plan to escape and that was circulated to all of us surreptitiously.
....  Accordingly, when the pirates took the 2 women to the deeper jungles apparently to—sexploit  them, leaving us to a gung ho man guarding us on the boat, then as per plan, Nabik growled faking the roar of tiger and I, Hizol and boatman Nozir took the propportunity to yell: Tiger, Tiger, coming!
== Tiger—Where? Asked the skeptic guard.
== You can't see the Tiger swimming in the water—there behind the dirt—coming to paw at least one from this boat? OMG!
== Where? I can't see. Doubtlooked the pirate guard.
== You've cataract in your eyes. Get it operated. Look at there. yes,  that side. not very far. Yond. Misposing Hizol diverted his attention afar.
....  While the guard was kidded to look at the imaginary tiger, we kicked him to deplace out of the boat in the water, and our tied ropes were cut by one another quickly. All became free. In addition, getting over the wireless of the boat we informed our location to the police, which was intercepted by the Coast Guards. The pirate who fell in the water refound us. and tried to fire at us from water but missed the target. as we constantly hit him hard with bamboo poles of the boat on his head to bleed in the water dousing his attempts to fire us. Within an hour, the coast guards rounded up the site. Alerted by the sound of gunfire, sniffing raid, the boatjackers fled letting loose the women. All of us were rescued by the coast guards and taken to the police station. The harmer bandits, lastly it was known, were engaged in the subversive activities. operating a terror-funding racket. with fake money circulation. smuggling of contraband drugs. in addition, supplying illegal import of arms and ammo to the terrorian groups in and outside the country across the borders. Nozir Molla got back his boat with helper Nabik.
== Horribilis! Really Hizol, Nozir and Nabik are bravehearts! I had told Nabik >> 
Negotiate with thorns & worms to grow
if you dream to blossom and glow

He has aptly adapted it boldly. Is Nabik around? Then ask him to talk to me now.
== He has again gone to fishing with the boatman. I and Hizol told him not to go. I said him Punditda won’t let you go.  I even promised him a job in my concern by which he can earn while he can go on with his studies. However, he said, it’s nice that you will help me to continue my studies. Thank you! At least for this time I have to accompany Nozirda, as he had helped me a lot, when there was none beside me. He is the only wage earner for his huge family who could not earn a single farthing over the past month. So—let me go with him. However, just while going / he cited us your saying / what you often say to us:
If you have no up ever
learn from your downs
mostly not at ease
yet do never cease

Waversion ~ Lucky Fisherman!

Across the surging tides
cross onto the safe sides

....  24 year old fisherman Tengku Shofiyan was sheltered under his fishing boat beached by the upstart tides near Banda Ache. unconscious. severely injured. dehydrated. for 3 days. When the rescuers rescued him—the first person alive there. He was shifted to the hospital for his treatment.   

Omni Pundit’s Fizza 11
== All the aboriginals in Andaman are half nomad mongoloids? Lolo’s Query. 
== Many of them are half nomads. Many have been gradually changed in touch with the glare of civilization. Not all of them are of mongoloid in origin. But the Shompenese are. Omni Pundit replied.
== Did the Mongoloids originate in  Mongolia?     
== The descents of the Mongoloids, presumed by some, could have been originally rooted and fleeted out from Mongolian regions in the distant past. May be the anthropologists can answer you on this. Not me. while talking his attention fell on somewhat morose and silent Ahammad Khan. 
....  OP guzzles a fizz / bites pizza / bubbles his fizza => You're looking perturbed, Ahammad, what's the cause? OP minutely noticed Ahmmad Khan, sitting sullenly at the table.
== Nothing to complain, Panditda, but we the Muslims are being harassed for the fault not of our own, but some of our hard cores.
== What happened? Any harassment?
== My visa application rejected, and the deposit money forfeited.
== Any fault of yours?
== Nothing. I've furnished everything they required. May be due to my religion, they consider us as horrorists. But they should know most Muslims aren’t terrorists. He looked hopeless sad and dejected.
== Sorry, I beg to differ, Aashiq Pasha challenged >>
Muslims are not terrorists
Terrorists are not Muslims

As all over the world in many countries, the imams have issued fatwas against terrorian killture. However everywhere >>
Highlighted are the militants
after they kill to be killitants

== Horribilis! Whatever the explanation might be, the civilized Rule of law doesn't permit any such discrimination, Ahammad. Though limited racism is not confined to a small section of the supremacist whites alone, they are found more or less manywhere in the world in different forms and types.  Apart from your religion, some peoples who sport beard, to most of the South Asian immigrants and even who have no relation to your religion or terror, do also suffer simply because of their brown or African black skin color as you face. The Sikhs were harassed for wearing turbans. Their Gurdwaras were attacked by anti-immigrants. My friend Sanjoy Sen, not of your faith, was suddenly pushed to the rail lines to death, by a woman, who had no remorse! So this injustice like in Islamophobia is not only done to your community. However, for this you should voice your protest vigorously en masse, that you neither support ultra extremism, nor this type of injustice, what some of them mistakenly think all of you are! >> not so cowardly. You aren’t a nerd, but a Khan, Ahammad Khan— he added then abruptly with a jerk turning the course—> who can be a great fighter like the mighty Bollywood and otherwood Khan heroes, who can fight and vanquish any impossibilities — or you could have been even a descendant of the belligerent warrior Genghis Khan, meaning ocean!
....  Everybody began to jeer, joke and poke Ahammad, branding him as a successor of the warrior Genghis Khan.
== How could it be? OP must be in a high in bangasudha, Suhit’s inswinger.
== Horribilis! Why not? In Egypt, I heard some people of the Khan clan discussing who could have been the member of the warrior Genghis Khan clan!
== How could it be? How absurd! Ahammad Khan wondered.
== Horribilis! How absurd? If i tell/ you’ll tell/ Punditda is telling tale. You know Genghis had conquered with his well-raised 15 million strong ruthless Mongol army, the largest empire of the world till the British empire, several hundred years later, comprising about 22% land surface of the then world, consisting parts of today’s Mongolia, Iran, Afghanistan, Russia, Southern China... He did also conquer Baghdad, which would be conquered again by the one of his descendants Timur Lane, and later by the Americans almost after 700 years! Genghis pronounced >> It is my pleasure to see my opponent to be under my feet, his land under my occupation, and his wives and daughters in my bosom. His hordes of army ruthlessly slaughtered people. looted the places and cities of the occupied lands. while it was made the system that the women were to be raped by him or herded in his harem. The same tradition of rapedom was followed in the kingdom after his death by his 4 sons and 2 grandsons, one of whom was the founder of the Yuan dynasty in China, Kublai Khan.
== Were the Genghis Khans Muslims? Aashiq Pasha doubted. 
== In Mongolia then they were Shompens who believed the sky, mountains and oceans as gods. Is it simply a coincidence that the mongoloid tribe in  Andaman are also named Shompen? Or they were distantly related!? The anthropologists may factfind that. However, Genghis Khan also vanquished a substantial part the Muslim kingdoms.
== But how our Ahmmad Khan might relate to those Genghis Khan clans? Masuma Malik Suma’s wonder! 
== Horribilis! Suma, if i tell/ you’ll tell/ Punditda is telling tale. Some Oxford researchers discovered after finding the Genghis' super-Y chromosome in the DNA test samples taken from the males at 16 different places in Asia, where many people including the Hazara tribes in the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan claim themselves as direct descendants of the Genghis clan. The number of such descendent males from the clan first procreated by him has been guesstimated to be 16 million then! So, who can confirmingly say that our Ahammad Khan is not one of the Genghis Khan clan?
....  Everybody then became zesty with Ahammad Khan. 
Roqea said, hey Ahammad, why are you so feeble and gentle? Be aggressive like your hardy ancestor!
Suma pricked you must have some residue of the looted treasures hidden in your house or bank lockers.
Aashiq Pasha demanded from him a royal feast one day at least in a ***** hotel.
....  However, Hita splintered => Whenever there was war there's a carnival of rape, Punditda?
== Horribilis! Hit, unfortunately Genghis Khan didn't take permission from me before the rapes, which produced the ancestors of the today's 16 million males. However, how many females produced as a result hasn't been guesstimated.  Punditda joked.
Lol
....  After the laughter had ebbed, he continued => It is amazing and though his way of merciless slaughter loot and rapedom cannot be digested in the modern day world, but everything has some dark sides and good sides too, though not originally intended to be done by the warmongers and evildoer devilians. In case of this vast pogrom and genocide by the Khan dynasty, it had some unforeseen good after effects too.
== It's impossible to have some good effects of this years and tears of longtime rape and killture festival. Preya challenged, thumping the table.
== The poet said, in cosmosphere times turn impossible i’m possible. Really, it's incredible! But it did have some positive effects on global warming that time.
== Global warming that time, in 13-14th century? You gone crazy OP. It might be the effect of your ganja mixed sodhak pills on you > hallucination. Suhit’s hit.
== Horribilis! You Shrewmouse. Sorex Caerulescens. Global warming didn't start today with the swarming worms, like population's pollutation of peoplation, causing the global worming. The manmade global warming had started with the deforestation for the purpose of cultivation and so called development with the advent of civilization.
== Oh, at times your dialects make our heads churn. However, in case of Genghis' invasions, how is it related to the soothing effect on global warming that time? Lolona Lal doubted. 
== That's what I'm going to explain, Lolo. Have patience. Many of the general perceptions of ruthlessness and cruelty against Genghis have also been supplemented with the passing of times. Now partially praised in some quarters, and highly regarded to many in his country of origin, Mongolia of today, for his fabulous ability of organizing and managing mantra of a great army which grew up to 20 million and dubbed him not a greenvader but as the 'greenest invader'.
== Greenest invader! Amazing! Unman chortled. How ludicrous tale! Prophessor Omni Pundit!
....  Punditda rubbing his uncivilized hair with one hand, added => If I tell / you’ll tell / Punditda is telling tale. The bloody Genghis invasions were guesstimated to have slaughtered about 40 million peoples in different countries in Asia and Europe. The Carnegie researchers have found that the fallen places were devastated and depopulated as a result of the horroric invasions. The cultivated lands were back to the forests again by this manmade forcible unforeseen global cooling—> absorbing the emission of about 700 million tons of carbon from the outmosphere. Not a matter of joke! It was equivalent to the total emission of carbon from burning of fossil fuels a year that time!



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.19.40
Chapter 40: Plunged Plight Fighters Might


Yearning Safe Sides
The water of where rolls to where?
 
Where the depth of water is how far?
How can they be evacuated to where?
Everybody wants to be saved
But who saves whom?
when everybody is endangered?
All these flowing times
floating with the streams
how far is it navigable? 
The water of where rolls to where?

Yesterday where dotted habitations
cots wears pots beds foods & playrooms
samewhere now is the reigndom
of water’s cobwaves

Yesterday who were there
atop the higher places and tall trees
today gazing at the sea they try to read
~~  who has vanished with the waves?
~~ when the earth-shaking stops?
~~when the waves will recede?
~~ what shall remain of their deleted homes?
~~  when the  relief and rehab shall kick off?
~~ where shall they go?
The water of where rolls to where?
....  All those were the burning— rather watering questions of the people everywhere deplaced by the deluge.
....  The navy men stationed there were asked to evacuate the remaining islanders from Chowra, an Indian island in the Nicobar group. Chowra was completely ravaged and inundated by 80-90 ft. high waves on that eventful day. After 4 days, the sea was still ruthless. torrential rains. However, Lt Cdr pilot Chhetry and his colleagues were undaunted. All the coconut palm trees were flattened aground leaving no clearance place—needed for the chopper to land—for the rescue operations. In the coral area, they could not anchor the big carrier ship. No jetty left. The ground was flattened by the raging waves. how to park the ship? All these intricately difficult hazards had to be braved by the defense jawans. A few hundred surviving children women and men hard hit by the killer waves— severely injured, without food & drinking water—requiring immediate medical treatment— no difficulty can be as important as that. So the untiring soldiers shouldered the entire frail population to ? the chopper to ?the stranded landing tank and troops carrier ship INS Magar— for 3 days beginning on the New Year’s Day. Dr. Desmukh made immediate operations in the ship.
....  On the last trip the last batch were shown off by the wailing & yelling stray dogs wafting their tales, who the village head John tried to comfort: Be good, don't cry, did we ever leave you to go somewhere any time before? we'll just return at the soonest. stay well. He was emotional to leave the island for the first time, leaving so many dead and missing people and relations— who he knew from his birth,— but who knows if not for the last time too? {But he swallowed his inner untold diction ? we are humans – superior manimal, so we have got the priority to leave the island to save ourselves, and you dogs are inferior animals. so you stay here find out your own food and shelter care of the demoness waves!}

Waversion ~ Oceanians

The water of where rolls to where?

....  Returning to Australia, Lillian told her mother: Whoever might live, but I no more will live near the seaside. Selling this seaside house of Perth, I like to buy a house somewhere on the hill. ‘cause if this house is hit someday by tides, then again we have to sway with my daughters. like that in the Andaman seaside resort in Thailand. 
== So have you talked to Dave? what he says? Mom wanted to know. {Mom wondered now Lillian wants to live in the hill— but was it not from the suicide cliff in Sydney from where  she had wished to end her life, attempting death-jump for this guy Dave, now her hubby! Recently Mom noticed with anxiety, there is very little cementing bond left between her daughter and her hubby. However, that time Lillian being unable to get her heartmate soccerer Dave to agree to marry her, hurried to commit suicide from the edge of The Gap of the death-jumping cliff in Watsons Bay. She was spotted by Don Ritchie, the Savior of so many suiciding people with his wife Moya, watching from their home near the cliff. As usual, Ritchie reached to her promptly like an angel and  prequested her in a soft voice: 
Want to suicide?
But prior to that please
give the viewer too
a last chance
to save you!

He gripped her hand.
Lillian wailing then profusely => Leave me to die. You don’t know, life’s meaningless to me now. 
==  Ritchie invited her to their home => Why don’t you come and tell me over a cuppa tea? His sympathy and solace dissuaded her from suicide, while Moya phoned her parents to come and take her home to comfort. Later her BF Dave agreed to marry her.}
== Oh, has he any seriousness? Always  assuring. I see. I’ll see. Only has become a father. She complained to her parents looking at her hubby Dave. 
== Hearing the disaster, here we’re running from door to door to media, government, consulate. But finding no trace. Big whales drying dead in wavetorture. on the coast. 19 sperm whales heard dead. bio diversity greatly damaged. huge loss of turtles, coral reef and marine animals. However, the animals on land haven’t been hit that much. as sensing the danger in advance, they had shifted to safe distance. Yet humans are the most intelligent, so they do not sense beforehand and die! Actually, what happened to you there? Harry, father of Lillian wanted to know in details.
== That you can’t imagine Dad. Morning. Flora playing. beside the swimming pool. I’m sitting on the poolside chair lapping Fauna. keeping a tab on Flora. so that she doesn’t fall in the water. a bit later, all of us fell in the water—but in graver water! However, Fauna was in need to change the diaper. Dave’s gone to our upper floor room to fetch diaper. there’s nothing unusual. abruptly out of the blue, the ravenous waves, tall like palm tree, about to jump on us to swallow. have no more time than 5 seconds. I’m running clutching in hand 2 kids. but the waves won’t allow living all the 3 of us. at most 2 might live. that case I’ve to let one kid go with the flo and clutch the other kid tightly. in the mean seconds I’ve to decide between the 2 kids whom to keep whom to lose? I hold Fauna as she is only of 20 months old. and Flora is of 5 years. nearby there was a woman. I hurriedly requested her to hold Flora. After the waves gone I see the woman again. who said sorry she could not hold my daughter / the waves snatched her.
== I was watching everything from the upper floor. everything happening like a movie in seconds. before my being able to do anything. even after the first hit of wave I’ve seen Flora. but after the second wave, I couldn’t see her. after the waves tranquil, we searching her frantically. losing all hope to find her back. Dave became vocal.
== Then where did you find her?  Mom in law inquisitive. 
== At last we discover Flora in the lap of a security guard. Finding me she says >> I gripped a rod firmly in the lobby, holding up the head above water. what can be done? crying for mum. but not finding her. After finding me her first word—Dad, first get me to wash. all filth sticking to my body. Dave’s epiction.
== Getting back Flora we cancelled all our further programs. and the first ticket of the plane we get we return to country. let our remaining trip be archived in our head. Otherwise, we were not to return now. we were to visit Phi Phi island after there. the condition of that island was graver. it is our sheer luck that we had not gone there! Lillian thanked her fate. 
== Good that you have returned. And let it happen no more to any other mother, to be in this fix at the time of danger >> between 2 children who to lose who to keep.
== Rightly said mom, Lillian shivered — If by chance we didn’t get back Flora, then this guilty conscious worm would have eaten into me for the whole life >> that I’m responsible for her loss! Even now, I cannot believe >> my 2 daughters are with me in home here!

Omni Pundit’s Fizza 12
....  Hita Haait was waiting alone patiently for her friends while guzzling on her table while ogling over for handsome guys in other tables. She used to hangout Bangasudha mostly for the manhunt. She will not come anymore if she gets her fantastic mantastic partner. OP knew that very well  as other girls mostly hang out here for this reason. Hita Haait, the insomaniac has been trying consistently, to get a Mr. Right man for herself, as she was aware >
Relation of regular wife-husband
to many is needed like daily bread
With significant arty hearty partner
elation is as tipsy drug or wine heartner!

....  Eyeing this and being tired of her gal pals, robodildos and gigolos, she has signed up in a matchmaking site seeking for him >> the man as of her himazination >>

....  Looking for an well-established high income,  dependable, caring, handsome, sharing, humorous, tall guy in between 21-35 years of age as a longtime partner for a fairly lovely lively fun loving 5.5 self-dependent woman…

....  She was into dates but haven’t found her Mr. Right match. She found the guys mismatching her himaginary dreams of image & himage. Either they were not tall enough or not handsome or possessive or unrich or unreachable or not trustworthy or debauch or not sufficiently educated or too highly educated or not humorous or gay or or or….. she was tired of looking for him but she couldn't give up. If u do not try don't proceed, how can you succeed to reach your destination? So she went on hoping against hope that one day she would meet and get him—her coveted article of hearticle as per her imagery & himagery.
....  On the table over her food and beverage, her mind was hovering form subject to subjects…..She is afraid if without getting her longtime partner, she has to become in her old age like the old lady—about whom she had heard from her gigolo Rhino, whom she often hires as a companion for fun. Rhino once told her about his one client old woman of 72 years. On the first time of her hiring him, the woman had asked Rhino
== You must be mulling I’m like your mother in age, so how would you get laid with me etc. etc.?
== Frankly speaking—
== That doesn’t matter here. Only thing that matters—>I’m woman and you’re man—opposite sexes—. All what we think we do—all are actually as the goddess Tara wishes us to do—only people say I’m doing! Then she grasped him.. 
....  Conversely, Hita heard from Punditda’s fizza here just some days back that a 24-year-old woman in Richmond accidentally married her own 68 year old grandpa. The grandfather had previous 2 failed marriages that ended in divorce. His estranged first wife disappeared to some undisclosed locations with their siblings. The grandpa could not find his children even after thorough search. 
....  After divorce with his 2nd wife, he won a jackpot to become a millionaire. In addition, his entry in a local dating site also resulted in a jackpot in getting a beautiful young woman as his current wife. After 3 months, the woman was appalled to discover her father’s boyhood day’s photos in her husband’s olden family albums—who happened to be his son from his first wife. Though they had wedded being unaware of this crude fact previously, yet then the well-going couple did not want to end the marriage for this awkward fact, which was not sufficient for them to break up then immediately…
Hita couldn’t connect herself as to why these thoughts fogged her mind now?}
....  While Chokita Kar entered and sitting beside her remarked=> Hey, whom are you meditating?
== You.
== Not me. Why should you? You’re ogling the handsome hunks on the next of the next tables—
....  Then joined Kuhak, Preya and Lolona. After that Unman, Suhit and Masuma. All were guessing where might have misappeared Punditda  for nearly one week from the adda, as he does from time to time. 
....  Nevertheless, that time Omni Pundit had heard that tsunami has not only devastated, but it had also has some beneficial effects. As huge amount of titanium has been surfaced on some coastal areas. So from Chennai he was there to verify if the news is true and if the metal would be available on commercial basis. As it might be needed for making their spacecraft. Nevertheless, the adda session @ bangasudha was comatose without him for the past few days. Moreover, everybuddy was clueless as usual, as to where he has slipped. where and why?? OP never writes any answer of this type of questions and shrugs off. Several people including one professor from Wisconsin’s some university visiting this city, came here to trace him out. Hita Haait could only tell her to come after a month. Therefore, the lady from abroad with her team had to go back to her country without meeting him. 
....  That time the bearer Sultan placed his bangasudha bottle and glass +  a plate of his fav pizza in his place of the table.
== You’re serving Punditda’s order but where’s he?  Unman asked him.
== He’s coming, replied the chuckling waiter Sultan. and that moment hurried OP was seen on the scene. profusely sweating. wiping the sweat with his hanky. He knew it was going to be very tough to face the queries of his chattering buddies. To skirt their questions as far as possible, he seemed to be very livid over certain issue and muttering furiciously, cursing => All go to hell! seeking  extra bucks? Coming and going and getting salary. if you are to work, we have to shell out bribe? This is civil servant. Or evil serpent  pooh! Horribilis!
Unman tried to calm him => Punditda sit down first. cool. Have a sip of your fab bangasudha. Why are u today so furious / coming after several days / we are curious.
Like all inquisitive to know, Chokita Kar probed => What happened, why so miffed upon whom, Punditda? 
....  OP bites pizza / guzzles a fizz / puzzles his fizza => Horribilis! Ar-e, long ago I had applied for purchasing a plot of land for my laboratory in a remote area as per government rules. Years gone by / and no reply. I have gone to their office to enquire for several times. But nobody answers any concrete yes or no. Lastly, I went today to meet the director. After several hours of waiting, she cited me so many rules and regulations tied with the red tape, and then said there’s no such rule and instance, so I will not get the plot. Then why didn’t she tell me earlier? I could start it in other place or country! Nevertheless, I know if I would grease the politicos and bureaucrats with grafts and gifts, my allotment would have been made years earlier. This is not a place for ladies & gentlemen. The village snake charmer, Nagraj Sapera at Basti, did the right thing to the bureaucrat babus. Huh, Huh! Not a soapera of soap opera, but a real sapera, Nagraj Sapera.
== What Nagraj Sapera, the snake charmer did, Punditda? queried Lolo. All others impatiently seconded her / being so eager to hear. 
....  OP in vain attempted to shape his unruly hair with one hand and geared his fizza spilling the beans => If I tell/ you’ll tell / Punditda is telling tale. Horribilis! Ar-e, Nagraj Sapera had been lobbying with the babus of the government office at Basti in Uttar Pradesh, for a piece of land for a long time—to which the babus in connivance and blessing of the ruling political clout, turned a deaf ear. Harassed and snubbed continuously even after shelling out grafts to grease their palms, he lost his hope. The last day he went to the office with his sack full of venomous snakes of different types, to upkeep which properly, he needed a piece of land to be allotted by the government. When the bureaucrats negated his appeal on that day also. They amused => You allege, we do not work, yet why people blame the works of the government servants?
Lol
....  Hearing these, in cool brain Nagraj simply opened his sacksful of hissing snakes before the appalled officials on the table and addressed his farewell to the snakes >> I’ve tried to place you properly in a new spacious shelter, which isn’t available at my small dingy room in the shanty. But since the snubbing babus sans more bribe didn’t give you the place to live, and the world is for the mighty manimals only, not for other animals, so I’m letting you loose and free. Go on your own way to anywhere in this spacious office, having so many rooms to make your room yourselves with ample chairs tables files and furniture, to find your real home yourself and living yourselves freely! And chanted a snake charm!
S
== What you doin’ Nagraj! Letting lose the dangerous venomous serpents?  The scared boss of the office tried very hard to dissuade him.
Scornful Nagraj pronounced with a schadenfreude => Bakhwash! K-h-a-t-a-r-n-a-k? (D-a-n-g-e-r-o-u-s! V-e-n-o-m-o-u-s??) You see the snakes’re laughing hearing your words! ‘cause they’re NOT as dangerous, as venomous as you the babu civil servants, who are fed by public money and yet biting the public? fed up with you. You are not civil servants, but actually evil serpents. If you bite the serpents, they will instantly die. 
Lol

....  The result was that the angry, hooded, poisonous, hungry snakes were seen coiling reeling and rolling all over the office, slathering, hissing, swishing & chasing the officials. all fleeing for their life and paying the penalty heavily for their apathy and lethargy!  
All the hearers in unison wowed Nagraj Sapera slapping the table => Awesome! Awesome!!  Nagraj did the right thing. 
Lol. Giggle. Hah ha. Hi hi.
== But we have popular governments, elected by the people. currently we’re the world’s largest democracy, Roqea argued. 
OP concluded sarcastically:
Democracy turns to populist dreamocracy
of the juggling dream of the rowdy mob
who can do no wrong but their job
to rob the dough of the mute citizen
to pump their own pocket swollen

Yet I was wrong then, Ro Ro. I forgot that >> Would it do on your words? First, we’re to see it’s whose kingdom? kingdom of tiger? kingdom of elephant?? kingdom of eagle???  kingdom of lion???? kingdom of dog????? kingdom of jackal?????? the kingdom of reptile??????? or the kingdom of evil serpents????????? But definitely not a kingdom of a common VVIP like me! So commoners will be treated this way forever.
Lol
....  Unreacted at their wave of prolonged laughter and remarks OP became cool and silently cerebrating. As since back from the spot, his mind has been overcast in the continuous process of projecting the procession of sceneatorium on the catastrophes of tsunami and the teary misery of the people afflicted by it, as he has seen >>> the impatient long snaking ques of the wounded deplaced and depleted persons for food, water, medical treatment and temporary shelter in the relief camps. processcenes of foul smelling melted corpses at the mass graves dug by pay loaders…titanium on the shore…...and an ancient marvel resurfaced above the sea level this time, after the tsunami waves receded at Mahabalipuram near its present Shore Temple, a World Heritage monument… [Patch => That seemed a part of a temple built in 7th & 8th century AD by the Pallava kings, which had been submerged in the sea over thousand years, or a portion of the legendary ancient city of 7 pagodas, Mamallapuram, written by earlier British historians, rerisen out of the tsunami water.... Source: Wonderer’s Wordrobes.]



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.20.41
Chapter 41: Sudden Inundation


Omni Pundit’s Fizza 13
....  Sluggish in a chair Chokita Kar discovered Romnis Pundit a little out of sync. She smelled the cause his dysphoria and grinned.=> Where gone your fav bros Unmon & Suhit now?
== Who knows? Have the roguesters died, Choki? OP gone   clueless & dismayed. 
== You love them so much that tho you tell them not to call you Omni Punditda, yet in fact you like to hear Omni Pundit address from all even the pranksters, Lolo quipped. 
== Yah, you’re told like this; sullen Omni Pundit knew this was true but he couldn’t accept publicly. Yet he admitted menternally => If you love you may dub.
When Suhit joined in the adda. OP interrogated him: Hey shrewmouse, why’re you late tonight? Eh— 
Earthworm in house
Outside Shrewmouse!

Lol
== Oh boss, don’t tell my ordeal. I returned from Ahmedabad to Kolkata in just time. After landing in airport, the protensed passengers were detained at the plane for hours, not for any natural calamity or horrorian activity or technical snag, but for the fear of swarming bees attacking the staff crews and passengers.
/|
<==<
\|

== How? Sopan Barman probed.
Punditda guzzles a fizz / bites pizza / bubbles his fizza => Soap, generally it happens— harmed by the mistance of indiscriminate use of pesticides and chemicals for cultivation +  in addition there the adjoining trees nearby  the airport were pruned for safe landing of aircrafts, or the bees had nested somewhere in the huge buildings, but now forced to be nestless / which made the bees homelessly virulent & arrogant & restless. May be they’re now settled in the cockpit / windshield and manywhere, scaring passengers / couldn’t be scuttled by the staff and the captain / who are hostaged by the honeybees and detained for hours.
== Then?
== At last the captain tactricked water canon to force them out to migrate. Suhit. 
OP added => Horribilis! Suhit is right. Bee nesting in airports aren’t very rare. In the recent past, it happened in Pittsburg and Delhi airports. Bees don't attack friendly people. they are hard laborers. To make 1 Kg honey, honeybees have to visit 4 million flowers, travelling a distance equal to 4 times around the earth. So naturally, they will be irate if you deplace them. otherwise, they are quite friendly to friendly people. Of course  if I tell / you’ll tell / Punditda is telling tale. 
== Friendly? Kidding? Again telling tale? Coming just now, Unman’s straight drive. 
== Horribilis! You jumping hanuman, Macaca fascicularis, not at all. One such instance was thousands of bees were swarming over the rooftop at a place 6 miles away from Sophie Maxwell (name changed), a beekeeper’s home in Britain, after her death. Those who were present at her funeral to pay her homage, were puzzled to notice the countless bees flying and sitting for an hour atop the adjoining houses, to mourn the death of their keeper?
It is heard that some types of bee stings used by some doctors of alternative medicine in China, as sting-therapy to cure patients, which bees usually die after stinging the patient. Yet not only bees, here in the runway jackals used to scavenge at times. even birds often hitting the aircrafts, forced to land. Not only here, to make the New York City flights ‘safer’, since the Sullen Berger’s jetliner had to emergency-land on the Hudson river, blaming stricken by a flock of Canadian geese, nearly 70 thousand ‘villain’ birds—mainly geese, European Starlings, mourning doves, sea gulls and brown headed cowbirds were said to be systematically slaughtered by the authorities.
....  Then with a sudden jerk, OP panned on Suhit =>: Also it may be in your case that the flight Captain could have been quite inebriated like his esteemed passenger— your excellency Sir Suhit Sethji, who drank so much honey, that the honeybees were attracted to swarm him and his privy passenger.
....  All sniffing fun / in his pun, Ku Ku poked => it could be quite possible that badmash Suhit Sethji sometimes go such drunk, but a captain so much drunk is it feasible?
== Horribilis! Why not Ku Ku? OP went on rubbing his unkempt hair with one hand. If I tell/ you’ll tell/ Punditda is telling tale. Yet back somedays I heard such a napster tipsy captain—when about to reach the destination airport he went into tizzy—about to fall asleep—vented his ire / in sheer displeasure / to his associate, being dizzy: What’s the matter, why each time I’m getting the same prickly seat in the cockpit of plane? Why no curtain in the window? I can’t sleep! I can’t see movie! which all other passengers get to see? What a mess!
Lol
Co-Pilot => Hush! Cool Captain, cool. don’t snooze! don’t close your eyes. look clearly. land the plane very cautiously to touch down in the runway.  Else, so many passengers with us are going to die!
Lol
....  Waiter Raza now dished out the orders of Suhit and Unman. Winking at the plateful of fishy items like fish fry, fish chips in their dish drew the ire of Omni Pundit to blast => Horribilis! You Howling monkey & Shrewmouse, ravenous gluttons!. You couldn’t wait for a few months to eat fish? as I had cautioned you beforehand? ‘cause those fishes might have eaten the toxic rotten remains of the tsunami victims, floating allover the ocean. if you eat, you might be contaminated. don’t eat sea fish at least for 3 month now. 
Suhit lobbing a grin commented >>
People eat more fishes all the same
Yet only shark gets the blame

== You are forbidding us to eat sea fish now, but Punditda have you seen fish swarming under the seawater? I saw in an underwater marine aquarium in Singapore. Chokita recalled.
OP menterrogating, in an aquarium the aquatic animals have to depend on the whims of the keepers >>
Captive fishes in  glassic aquarium
colorful feast for eyes from outside
In the interior
flow of water restricted
water is changed
food is available
light is available
air is available
only on the whims of the adopter

If the adopter is gone 
forgets
doesn’t care
remiss
goes out 
the fishes live sine die
and die
....  So OP said => In an aquarium, you are barricaded within the transparent wall to get a glimpse of the underwater world that I’ve visited many times manywhere. Nevertheless, for being within the underwater world of fish and aquatic animals you are to be a scuba diver. Oh whatta fantastic world! Once I  got the propportune time for scuba off the Phi Phi island > a massmeric tourist hotpot in Thailand in the Indian Ocean.  That Phi Phi island, which is colorful in natural beauty in turquoise waters and made famous by  movies, was severely ravaged by tsunami. However, that time my holiday had ended and had shortage of money. So I / couldn’t try / the program to buy. Nevertheless, how a scuba diving duo survived in the Phi Phi Island at the start of tsunami was  simply amazing!
== How? Masuma and others insisted him to tell. which he could not but comply.

Waversion ~ Sudden Inundation
....  Megan was scuba diving with her companion Jim. The Scuba Duo was under deep water then. Therefore, they could not feel the devastating strike of the tsunami at first. Neither could they understand why they are sensing the eccentric attitude of the water at that low altitude abruptly >> why the water spinning them to drag into further depth? Then Dive Master from the above signaled them to come up immediately abandoning the water. However, at first, the DM also had no clue as to why the water turned dirty with garbage of trees, goods, TV, fridge, bike, car, cycle, cardboard panels…? Was there any ship wreckage nearby? Next moment he got a message from his wife =>
Run to safe place away from the water, forsaking scuba at once. Tsunami striking hard!
....  Underwater Megan also presumed something wrong & strong. But what happened? She felt a little swing in her body ~ a mild pain in the ears ~ the pressure of water abruptly hanging heavily upon her ~ attempting to come out to the surface of water hurriedly ~ the fine-tuning of her body certainly lost balance ~ out of sync she felt unwell ~ a certified diver herself, she got skeptic if she would be able once more to get herself out of the then hell water! >> Preckonciling something unwell, her boyfriend Jim quickly came to her rescue and somehow managed to drag her up to the outmosphere.
....  Marathonning to the beach they found scattered dead bodies of men  women children animal with trees and human utility goods garbaged scattering as well as floating along the shoreline. Lots of bodies not yet then dead but severely hit by gigantic waves screaming and moaning in seething pain. Megan, Jim and their DM forgetting their strain, tried their helping hand to rescue some wounded people, who later were to be lifted by stretcher and chopper to the hospital.
....  However, Megans lost everything other than their swimming suits only. which they were wearing. as their hotels also were marooned. That Phi Phi island rendered the tourists from many countries penniless. The Red Cross and Thai government had jumped to quick assistance—their stay at hotels was made free—but the government of their country, which the press called 'stingy'! At the Bangkok airport, the governments of each and every country had been assisting their affected citizens. However, Megan’s lament >> after a long wait they could trace the representative of their embassy. Errorically who were demanding charges for shooting photos for new passport. Nevertheless, who had no money even to buy food for themselves—as everything of them including their passports have been lifted by high tides, how they would pay for photo? Though Megans were lucky. As they could only save their credit card >> by which they could pay for their food, photo and plane fare and helped a bit to some others in need >> but those who lost everything? 
....  However, after boarding the plane above the plain, they breathed the incredibly pure air skipping  the rotten stink of air. leaving those ill lucky having no means left in the lurch as of that time.

Waversion ~ Passage of Presage
....  Ocean waters do not remain stagnant in one place.
Alin met a woman named Ika in Indonesia, who hailed from Simeulue island located around the epicenter of the great earthquake and quizzed her >> How many people in your island are alive, since your island is located near to the epicentre of the earthquake?
== We may be located nearby Banda Ache, but almost our entire populace is saved in this smong.
== Smong?
== Smong in our Defayan language means tsunami.
== Strange! how could you save yourself being so near to the epicentre?
== Saved as you’re to hear sage advice or not?
== Oh sure. it is said >> 
As a safeguard hear sage advice
to save your ears & visage from vice

== Right. The animals even the buffalos by instinct saved themselves moving on to the high hills. However, we the people saved ourselves remembering the sage advice of our forefathers who had cautioned >> whenever there is earthquake, go to the seashore and if you see low tide, run fast to the high hills to save yourselves from the wrath of tsunami. We did that and this time we saved our more than 8 million people. 


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.21.42
Chapter 42: Submerged Excursion


Waversion~Treesome

Where flows the water / from where

....  The soldiers first spotted Hariharan, a 14 year Tamil boy on a treetop even after 10 days the tsunami disappeared. They urged him => Hey lad, get down. The big waves are gone. However, the ladventure was not yet over; at first out of fear sycosis of the giant waves. A starver, even without having food and a drop of water these days. yet he did not get down from the tree and remained in treetop out of fear of tsunami. After much persuasion, he got down extremely feeble and emaciated. Dr Dhar, who checked him, said Hariharan was suffering from acute dehydration. His parents’ joy knew no bounds as they got the news that his son was alive, they said >> We lost all hopes of getting him back to track him.  

Waversion ~ Tsunami Traders

Where flows the water / from where

....  Alin visited a hospital in Bangkok to cover. There he found an old man named Phil Walker who showed him a photo of his grandson 12 year old Kristian Walker and asked him => You are from the media, have you seen this boy, my grandson who is missing since the tsunami?
== Sorry, no sir. But everybody here and the doctors who treated him have seen him with minor cuts and bruises. Alin said, but who was with him?
== His mother — my son's ex. Her partner and his two children were miraculously saved, but his mother vanished. His dad is in Helsinki, will be joining me soon to trace out his son Kristian. 
== Let’s ask the doc, who treated him. She could know more. 
....  Alin enquired the doctor and she said => We treated him. He was nearly cured when a European looking white man in black shirt with mustache came and took him away, introducing himself as one of his relative. Now knowing his abduction / here is suspicion, that the boy could be hidden in another country and later be brought to Phuket to be misused into sex trade. 

Waversion ~ Submerged Excursion 

Where flows the water / from where

....  The hospital at Port Klang. near Kualalampore. Alin surfaced there with other journos. If a man’s mind is sturdy / then his body can be how far hardy—for sustaining and wining over the extremely adverse circumstances. One such glowing example was Riz, befittingly a son of the ocean—Samudraputra. a 23 year old ruralite. his rise and fall. hanging as a pendulum between life and death.  rhyming with the furiciously devilian high waves of the Indian ocean. clinging to the remains of the floating trunk of a tree. until then his body temperature was normal. his body was solid. not broke by the frightening waves. when the crew of the Malaysian cargo ship Durban Breeze discovered him. 
....  A few days before, a swaying Indonesian pregnant woman was rescued by seamen. The crew fed Riz some porridge. Deported him at Port Klang. Media persons thronged there. When an Indonesian journo started conversation with him => Selamat tahun baru (happy new year).
Riz stared at him blank with a fade melancholy. thought mordantly and speakuliarly: Oh, it must be a happy new year!
Journo => What you ate on the last 10 days?
Riz => Only got some coconuts floating away—peeled with teeth—and drank rainwater.
J => Where from were you floating?
R => From our village at Banda Ache.
J => When tsunami charged what were you doin’?
R => I was cleaning the village mosque.
J => What about the fate of your family and neighbors?              
R => I’ve seen all of them drowned. my entire family swayed. encountered so many corpses floating around. 
....  What the media didn’t divulge then to the poignant putra (son) of the sea, not wishing to engulf him into more grief ==> Only on their Banda Ache province thousands and thousands of people were dead, wounded or missing—there was no accurate factstat. no place left vacant to keep the corpses. everywhere was the foul smell of rotten mortals. in the playground piled corpses. many commandos and the freedom movement of Ache swept away being hit heard by waves. communication system shattered. acute shortage of food drinking water, medicine, oil, relief and rehab. alleged  malpractice, in distribution of relief and rehab material......

Omni Pundit's Fizza 14
....  Omni Pundit guzzles a fizz / bites  pizza /  puzzles his fizza => But these ain’t fabricated by me. Like this so many true stories of tsunami floating in the air. OP remarked fingering his unruly hair with one hand.
== Still if you say a few, Ashiq Pasha eager to hear.
== A woman drowning with her twin siblings. A large python — in length and breadth like a light post —came forward. They 3 climbed in its back and the reptile proceeded with them in search of a safe shelter.
== Incredible! A tale as that of a Nag fag serpentine tales that had overshadowed our country for thousands of years! Unman’s remark.
== Yet you tell another / nice to hear. Lolona bade. 
== Another? A retired person was carried to the shore by a crocodile.
== Jah, is it possible? An eater protecting an eatable? Again, telling tale? This time Unman skeptic.
== Yeah, hard to believe. if I tell/ you’ll tell/ Punditda is telling tale. Howling hanuman, you’re a big ignorant. that is bignorant. But this could be a topic of discourse among the specialists in this field — as to what changes might be there in the behavioral patterns— amongst the suffering animals—in a devastating sequence like tsunami.  He was grasped into mute muse mode then.
Preya marked Punditda was not hearing attentively, bemusing something. She hinted Unman.
Unman wooed => Guru did u mind my words? I didn’t wanna hit u.
== Horribilis! Oh whatta howling hanuman, Macaca Fascicularies! I’m not benefited from them who haven’t heard of me, or who know me but ignore me. I’m supposed to be benefited from my friends. Yet —
You owe to them who’re your critricks
Because it is for their criticism
if it is just, just make correction
If unjust, enhance your defense
with your power of resistance
and level of energy to outshine

Besides don’t I understand that => 
If you love
you may dub

== Saying this Punditda again out of focus. He was deeply depressed about having no info regarding his dear disciple, the whizkid Nabik. 
Lolona pursued to reset => What are u thinkin’, Punditda?
== Horribilis! Oh Lolo, nothing special—only that  as the predecessor of elephants— mammoths gone extinct, so it will be clashing with the human’s need for food and place to live. Already by nature the male tuskers  are slowly losing their teeth and instead are using their feet, and we humans devouring their food and habitats by deforestation. but the elephants are saving humans in the tsunami. Afforested in his thoughts Punditda deplored.
== How?
== Horribilis! Beside the Andaman sea, they keep elephant in a resort to amuse the children. That day sensing some unusual notes and impatient behavior, the mahout sniffed the attitude of the sea was not easy and usual—in fact it was seen afar the hill of waters advancing >> so he rapidly placed the children on the elephant’s back and the elephant sped away to safe distance. happened in Thailand.
....  Chokita was deluded with her reminiscence >> Just 20/25 days back of that day, she saw in a Thai village the football O kicking, salutation, and after some more plays, tricks. sports and games of the elephants >> when an elephant massaging a young man with her foot allover his body, was about to massage on his pelvis and genitals with her feet, the youth feigning to be afraid covered his private parts with his hands, which sparked outburst of thundering applause from the gallery full of giggling young women! Now can this be disclosed in front of the men here? Yet within this short span of time what happened to the peaceful sea of that happy world, to be transformed into the dreadful tsunami-graveyard?!
....  The adda zone gone out of stock of talking. OP again in the absent-minded mute mode, it seemed him playing game in Brazok—to crash the horrific monsters.
Suhit mock-thrashed => Unman, you’re a brazen howling hanuman really. again cackling? Still if Punditda tells / you’ll tell / Punditda is telling tale?
== Oh, now u’re posing as if a yogi, you don’t tell, eh? Unman made Suhit  too liable to jest with Punditda.
== Horribilis! When did I say so? On the other hand, I always believe we can’t go without Punditda. as Punditda is like a very useful goods to us. Suhit Pricked.
== Horribilis! Punditda useful goods! As—? 
Unman passed feigning innocence naively.
== As the drainpipe ===== sans drainpipe none can go.
giggle hi hi ho ho

....  Rubbing & scrubbing his hand over his unruly hair while adding the ice cubes into his glass, cooler OP knew his disciples were backfiring his own formulae of => Prick to tickle out the prickle of pickle — on himself, for that he has weapons to tackle, which he didn’t disclosed to them to apply. So with alacrity he back volleyed.=> What you’ve cited not bad, eh. if I not were a drainpipe what will be the condition of you, the filths? Of course, another way out is there. In tsunami, the condition of the Maldives is nearly submerged.  Our jawans headed there, as also to Indonesia and Sri Lanka, with relief and medical teams. The whole islands were under 2 feet water ‘cause the cluster of 1200 small coral islands existed just 1 to 1½ meter above the sea level. Maldives islands could be saved if only its level can be raised filling with soil. But how so much soil could be found? No matter, we have enormous garbage like Unman the howling hanuman, and Suhit the Shrewmouse, in our country, which can be dumped there to raise the height of the level. so that you can have a go and the island is raised. Nevertheless, a serious problem => will their government agree to be adulterated after the tsunami disaster, with the more severe toxic dumpage like you?
giggle giggle hi hi hu hu ha ha ho ho

....  Their roar of laughter did not even recede, when not letting their thumping laughter to subside, OP relapsed:
The bugs will feel terrible
But for that
can we let them suck blood?

Lol

....  Before their laughter died down, OP again raided:
Of course in the toxic dumpage
worms eating the rotten fruit
have no clue
in whose belly they’ll settle
to be assimilated at last

Lol


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.22.43
Chapter 43: Aboriginal Sagevision


Waversion ~ Aboriginal Sagevision
....  Khu was always fidgety. She demanded to the doctor
== Heal me quickly. I want to return to my home.
....  Dr. Pillai liked this plain assertive simplicity of Khu very much. Because within the tight schedule and queue of dead, wounded traumatized and hindered hundreds of humans, Khu was a dash of cool breeze. Besides she read in school. So without the help of interpreters, she could speak a little workable Hindi or English >> which was rare amongst the Greater Andaman or other tribal patients in that hospital of Port Blair. [Patch => It was learnt that one time the Greater Andamanese were the most populous tribe in the Andaman islands. But that time their number reduced to 40 only, living in the Straight Island. There was a propinion that after coming in touch of the British colonialists since 1830, they were contacted with imported diseases from Europe leading to their near extinction. That time among the other aboriginals living in the Andaman and Nicobar Isles, Onges were only 100 in number. half nomads. address: South Bay and Dugong Straights. About 260 Jarawas were living then in the western coast of the isles. Separating themselves from the ‘civilized world’ about 100 Sentinelese lived in the Sentinel island — who were hostile to the outsiders, being afraid of losing their land, livelihood and freedom. Even they shot with their bows and arrows when an Indian Coast Guard helicopter flying low in search of the tribal survivors and throwing relief food and water packets for their help after the tsunami. Nevertheless, shooting of arrows delighted the unhurt crews because then they could be sure that at least some Sentinelese were alive after tsunami. In fact, several anthropologists and thinkers opined that being victimized by the so-called ‘civilized’ outsiders and their greed, disease, lust and exploitation, these aboriginals were endangered near to extinction. Even some of the Jarawa young girls were allured to perform half-nude dance to entertain the tourists. The Shompenese were of Mongoloid in origin. Vocation: fishing and hunting (} ==> then 250 in number. home: Great Nicobar islands. Till then it could neither be guessed, estimated or guesstimated accurately how many people were dead, wounded or traceless in that mega tsunami. Afterwards, it was feared by world organizations that their languages would be obliterated forever with further dwindling of these tribal in number. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes].
....  Dr. Pillai asked Khu: Why, any difficulty here? You know we give special care to tribal. as your number of people skewed. let your wounds heal first. then I’ll release you. tho yr wound isn’t as serious as that of Licha in bed # 3.
== That’s right. while getting down from the tree quickly. seeing the chopper came. in the hill. he fell down. and broke his knees. & waist. getting old, na?
== In the hills?
== We climbed up the hill. 4 days. without food. were rescued on Delhi’s order / The Jawans flew us here / otherwise the local government babus did not care.
== But if you rowed on the high seas, you could evade the quakes or giant waves!
== What you’re talking about, doctor babu! we don’t know this little thing? We have been hearing this sagevision from our ancestors when the earth trembles, the ‘sare’ meaning gigantic waves will hit the shore. then if you want to live, either climb atop the hill / or float the ‘bo’, meaning  boat / to flee/ to the high sea. but when did we get time to fleet? As suggested the sagevision—
Money and wealth can be kept hidden
But wisdom will come clean in the open

....  While talking it trembled there mildly. The soil and the glass panes of doors and windows trembled. Outcry all over the hospital. Then it became routine. habituated by the people there to some extent. As within the last few days, the soil of this island has shaken at least 60 times. The doctor looked outside the window. the wavetorn broken harbor. the hardcore sea kept nothing intact. all ransacked. fractured. The evening was over. residue of twilight in the sky. mute. as if afflicted in pain. The doctor visited the next room. He noticed a stark naked young Jarawa woman Ebam chanting mantra of hymns slightly swinging her body to their deity In, which her interpreter translated to the doctor >
Oh earth, end your shaking
Be quiet. so that we remain alive
and all in the world can thrive.
Whenever the soil had shook Ebam prayed this way. she was not accustomed to wear attires. She felt uneasy in wearing clothes. So she went nude leaving her hospital uniform in light green often. She was to be hospitalized with her family to be cured. But all of them wanted to return to their village soon. Because what was the condition of their village then? who was alive? who was not? they didn’t know. So her impatient stroll on the floor. Nevertheless, her fervent hope >> during that time of full moon, the turtles flocked to their coast to lay eggs. and the eggs + flesh of turtle were the very palatable food for the Jarawa  >> to collect which they could have flocked to the coast. in that case, their folks might have been able to fleet rowing to the high seas. but if that didn’t happen, then? Then her impatience was reflected —> 
On to and fro sauntered her fear
then nobody would be there
only will remain
the fragrance of the past relation
or in the cool dark
the satanic waves’ elation

Waversion ~ Godoubt

At first this soil
At last that soil
....  Timber merchant De Souza's workshop wasn't far from the beach in Sri Lanka. The work there was in full swing after the devastation. Suspending all other works of furniture, they were required to make as many as coffins in a very short time on war like footing. They had no time even to breathe then. The sudden spur in demand shot up due to so many dead bodies to be laid to rest at a time when most of the dead were untraced or couldn't be graved properly due to lack of coffin and lack of time. As after several days, most of the stinking corpses were decomposed and there was acute fear of contamination and pestilence. So the government, the NGOs and the religious institutions were urging them to expedite the production of coffins — which was impossible to meet fully at that moment, as there was shortage of employees for this work— though De Souza and his workers just luckily survived from being carried away by the waves.
....  Sahadat Hussein demanded his ordered coffins early. De Souza explained him: Karunaa kȧrȧla (Please) wait. it'll be done. The acute problem plaguing us is how to get sufficient wood for the work now. Meke hadhissiak (it’s an emergency)—so we've used even most of our stock of woods needed for making furniture, doors and windows. Also, we've lifted the woods floating with the tides dashed to the shore. But still acute shortage of wood. impossible to get now more wood stock. To get it will take at least—me  sathiye (this week). 
....  But De Souza's worker youngster Rajan, whose family had once migrated from India, while sawing the wood wondered => Why not the gods doth save at least their own followers? Then we won't have to need so many coffins at this time!
....  Meanwhile another customer for coffin, a Buddhist monk in robes Vijayvardhane came there to take delivery of his ordered coffins. Covering his head with an umbrella to save his head in the sun, he heard the remark and answered => In reality, the sinner people have been deviated from the path of religion and committing rampant sins in greed. They have been moved out of the way shown by Lord Buddha. Therefore, for the sin of the people the nature has given them the sintence of this heavy punishment, only to let us remember the right way hari para (the correct path). Just go to Galle town. Everywhere rubbles of destruction. Beside the bus stand bridge, is the 10 ft high statue of Buddha. The glass wall around it shattered. The surrounding houses and shops all ransacked by waves. Many people around homeless and many detraced. Stinks of corpses hanged heavily there. In the midst of all these sitting the meditating Buddha.
(~!~)

Intact. Unmoved. With a fading smile in his face.
....  Rajan hammering the nails in a coffin was skeptic => Avasara (excuse me), God’s places are generally constructed with very durable material to withstand all calamity; still in some other places, they have been razed... Then he didn’t utter  but was pensive of a piece once he had read:

Only God Knows

^
|
In
hard
times
peoples
call their god/s
They primagine
God thinks what they think
S/he eats what they offer to eat
S/he stays where they keep
But who is god ?
Where s/he lives ??
Where s/he goes ???
What s/he does ????
What s/he eats ?????
What s/he thinks ??????
What s/he wants ???????

Only god knows ????????

Vijayvardhane => Rather it's due to the skeptic atheist people like you for whom we're suffering so much!
Hussein also supported the monk => Oh no no, Buddha was a blessed person with the God's power. It is his god like power that saved these statues.
De Souza commented =>  However, this is a positive sign now that in this day of natural catastrophe, the Buddhists, Muslims, Hindus and Christians are coordinating with one another for removal and performance of the last rites of the melting and stinking deadbodies, forgetting the barriers of religions for the time being.
Rajan wondered: Yea, after the tsunami we're seeing this. How could it happen abruptly?
== Not abruptly. Thus it happens. Haven't you heard the ancient Chinese proverb>> In shallow water one has to cross lifting the clothes upward to save it. But, when you fall into deep waters, there’s no chance of saving clothes. Then you're to save your life.  wizened Francis De Souza.

Omni Pundit’s Fizza 15
 == So many people died in tsunami, adherents to all religions. Yet their gods did not at least save all the disciples of their respective religions, is this not amazing and deplorable? Then what's the worth  of their keeping faith, if the gods don't save them in danger / Preya Pathok’s ponder.
== In fact, in most of the affected places, OP  observed, this was felt by a large section of the believers of different faiths. And some ardent devotees ceased believing in god's power and intensions that time. Because as you said, they also questioned if god cannot save people in peril, what's the use of believing it? Nevertheless, the passionate believers have their faith in god intact. In one such instance, 1 man found praying namaz. when all of his fleeing neighbors cautioned him repeatedly to run away as the mighty waves were rushing there. the man did not care and vanished with his seat of rag with the waves. In addition, in some places, the followers of all religions themselves replied their own skepticism => The god must have tested us. The earth has been piled with sins and crimes done by the people. Therefore, the giver god testes sometimes to punish the people and takes away. earthquake & tsunami according to them is god’s sentence—rather sintence of punishment for wo/man’s greed & sin.
== So what’s the morale? Chokita chuckled.
== The morale might be:
If most of the matters are outside
the control of humans and rest
with some godormant power
then why should we fear and care
for what + where is above there
where we can do nothing?

Better, do what we can do better
for the betterment of the world

But no. This won’t happen. Punditda contended:
God is dormant
But s/he will live at ease
as long as wo/men live

== How the postmortem could have done of so many rotting corpses? Roqea wondered.
== Ro Ro, After the tsunami, there was no place in hospitals and morgues for so many unidentified melting corpses. They were getting exhumed and rotten. So the rescuers just kept them lying in the open sun, as nearby a monastery in Thailand, Alin has told me. The anxious people masking their faces to evade the strong stench of the rotting bodies, searching for their missing persons, were frequenting there. Nevertheless, the decomposing bodies discolored blackened burnt in the sun mostly could not be identified. 
== Many westerners died there. What about their corpses? Sopan Barman wanted to know.
== Soap, Alin and other media people could not even recognize who were the foreigners. Their whites faded and darkened. Many were deformed. Exhumed. As Florian, a Belgian rescuer attached to an NGO, showed it  to Alin and an American journo from LA.
== It is an enormous task for the performers of the last rites? Aashiq presumed.
== Oh sure! How are you managing the enormous physical and mental pressure of laying to rest so many exhumed corpses for the last several days? Alin asked the supervising monk.
== We have some pictures. The monk showed them the pictures of some exhumed bodies waiting to be dissolved in the earth, and added >> we concentrate and meditate on the temporal existence of everything in the confluence of world as the law of nature. Thus, we can remain unperturbed even on our high stress, grief, agony and tensions. And there no question of any religious identity was raised. They were as we all are just humans. to be buried by some other humans. who will also sooner or later to be … that should be the first and last word in the world of humanity to refeel.
....  [Patch => In South India that time 250 dead bodies were buried in a Muslim dargah. Amongst whom 150 were Muslim. The rest of them were Hindu or Christian. Whatever might be the artificial difference and reference and reverence in religion during their lifetime, at least in their death they art united as humans beings, as they returneth in the same eternal & returnal soil at the same time in unison. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]  
....  In the end all divisional and subdivisional artricks strictureth by any religion’s sectarian foil / are to soil in the same worlden soil.
This soil  that soil
At first this soil
..........In the middle creature fruit & flower..........
..........That is wo/man’s ardent wonder..........
At last that soil
That soil  this soil



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.23.44
Chapter 44: Confluencial Riptides


Confluencial Riptides

Waves rush & gush again & again
How can anyone retain and detain?

....   OP was tick talking to all / as usual / but internally and menternally he was very restless for the last few days. As he knew from Porno, who has returned from the grab of the same pirates. Nabik who was also rescued by the same coastguards and freed, didn’t return home. So what has happened to him? 
When Omni Pundit was frantically searching his fav student the whizkid Nabik everywhere, including his village home and on Brazok— on another part of the world Nabik was passing through a series of testing times experiencing one after another harsh and hazardous hurdles. 
....  As of then, after the pirates’ ship from the Far East had evaporated on the horizon, Nova discovering her previous home in the island, now wrapped up by weeds and jungles, was with Nabik making it over habitable again recovering it. They also inspected the whole little island and its jungles, rugged hills and the shorelines. She watched the global warming imperiled the birds and marine life there.
== We had some plantations and a little infrastructure a few years ago. But I'm seeing, that has been completely overtaken by the jungle now. moreover, the sea level has risen to cover up most of the low lands and plantations. Due to oil spill from ships, the marine animals have suffered. birds are heavily layered by toxic oil and waiting to be scarce from this isle. Nova’s observation. 
....  Still they were up to restore it slowly to make it workable to get food, fish, wild fruits, vegetables and fuel from fish oil. She also took Nabik in the cave there in the deeper jungles. full with their pirated hidden treasure stored there. which they had marked as Indicave, as there was a skeleton of a sitting man dressed in, which they presumed were the remains of worn-out ancient Indian attires with turban  in head. Nabik was utterly astonished to see the skeleton and the coded ancient alphabets. He thought Romda could have tried to decipher the codes.
== But I can presume that when Wang Gang and his pirate gang have cracked our  hideout, soon they will hound us here with full force. In the meantime, if we cannot shift and relocate to somewhere else, there is grave danger for us in this island. However, where to fleet with all these huge highly valuable assets? Nova expressed her agony and fear.
== Have you no well-wisher, with whom at least you could consult and get good advice, as our immature age lacks adequate resources, experience and suitable information? Nabik asked.
She did not answer, only tears welled deep in her eyes. 
== Ok, ok, I understand. Don't worry. Don’t weep. Wipe your weep. I am with you as you are with me. He wiped her tears and solaced >> As the last resort I have one. who will definitely bail us out of our difficulty somehow. Now the question is how to contact him from this remotest forlorn isle?
== Why? Use this equipment. Nova gave him an ultra mod gadget her father bought her in Singapore. Her eyes now emitted ray of hopes for the first time recently.
== Oh nice! Why didn’t you tell me earlier? He made the machine on. That moment, just before they used, the high-end equipment  buzzed. They were puzzled! 
== If it's that rouge Wang Gang or hiz ruffians? I won't respond. Nova nervous.
== But if it is from somebody else favorable to us? Nabik Asked. We have to cash in any and each chance and convert any and each unfavorable one into at least a favorable half chance. You respond. If it is negative, fear not, you know I know how to tackle with toughies. 
== Unknown caller. Not the rogue Wang Gang. Nova said seeing the image of the caller.
== Hi, who's it? I’m seeing Nabik there! Give him please. The gentleman said with excitement.
Nabik was counting the piles of pirated gold biscuits in the cave. Nova gave the gadget to Nabik, who just glancing at the pic jumped in excited ecstasy.=> R-o-m-da!! How cud you track me here? I was going to contact you. 
== Then why the Brazok is? Said  Omni Pundit;  from Porno I got the feedback of his part of the story and presumed this kid boatman Nabik, as described by him, is in fact our Nabik. However, you didn't let me know— to meet the cost of studies since the death of your parents, you worked in boats, including the one, which Porno hired with his friends. + also worked as a honey collector in the deep tiger core area forests. taking your life-risk. This immensely shocked me no doubt. however, at the same time, it also refurbished my appreciation and faith in you. for your self-respect and guts—even in your pre-teenage—which has strengthened your self-reliance. + ability + courage. Finally, now I’m able to track you down scanning over Brazok in that remote south of Indian Ocean Island with this girl. However, Porno had said with them you were freed by the police in Frasergunj. How did you reach there? by far on that farthest hamlet, not in map? 
== After the police released our boat, Nozirda got back his boat with me. he requested the police: As we are near to the river mouth, let us cast net for a while. that will get us at least some catch. to earn us a few bucks selling the fish. I’m the poor lone wage earner for the family. lost earning for the last month. as we were kept hostages by the pirates. 
I mulled soon I’ll have to be admitted in a college. Though I’ll get scholarship to study, where from the money will come to pay the all other costs of living if I don't earn?
    Therefore, the police let us go registering our statement with the assurance to visit the police station whenever they call us. However, how could we know then— we will be even in graver menace? No sooner had we advanced a little toward the river mouth off the Sagar Island, the prowling pirates who were just hiding around after they had fled, surfaced again and overpowered us to recapture our boat. As the pirate, we had thrown in the water with wounded bloody head, swam back on the boat pointing gun over us. Moreover, he wirelessly called back the pirates hiding nearby to the boat. 
Irked, The pirates at first beat me and Nozirda blue for foxing them and informing the police; and as they could not get ransom from us, they were to grab the boat. We 2 earnestly prayed to them, as we’re poor, release our boat to us for fishing, otherwise we’ll have to starve. Then they instigated us to agree to work with their gang to smuggle drugs, fake notes, arms and ammunitions consignment from the subversive agents in nearby countries— operating around the ports of Chittagong to Haldia. we refused, pleading we’re novice and have no such nerve like them to do these. Moreover, you’ll be in danger and caught by security agents, if you engage us with you. However, they had doubt within themselves over taking me to their team, as a lad could be spotted easily by the security forces, endangering the security of the whole gang. On our refusal they outrightly killed Nozirda firing him point blank and threw his body in the sea. They got me tied to a boa on the Bay of Bengal off the sand heads. They said they spared my life, as I am a kid yet. Hence, out of ‘sympathy’ given a 'chance' to save my life if I can— catching the attention of the boatizens to rescue me—crying over to the passing seafarers, which did actually happen.  Leaving me in the lark to my luck and seizing Nozirda’s boat, the pirates melted out quickly before the coast guards could chase.
     For the last over three days without food and water, dashed by waves / pecked by the fishes /   baked by the sun / and beaked by the sea birds, I prayed shouting to each & every boat and ship passing nearby, to free me. Most from far did not notice my weakened cry for help. Some noticed but did not bother to be troubled by me, and a few jeered me laughed off and passed away. Lastly, it was Nova whose boat was distracted by the raging tsunami, insisted her father to rescue me. So I am really grateful to Nova and her father for giving back my life, when we did not know, tsunami was thrusting in full force.  Nabik accounted for.
== So this girl sobbing beside you is Nova? Romda wanted to be sure.
== Yea, She is Nova. That was not Nova and his adopting father Mike Zhang’s original route to reach this island. However, the giant tsunami waves accidentally diverted their boat to rush them from their original path and drifting them near to the Sagar island, where we were then. Otherwise I was about to die. the daughter and father lifted me up on their boat with them. They fed and nursed me back from dying and took me to this remote island. I was due to be released by them after being cured first. When Wang Gang and his gang members killed her father Mike Zhang to grab the huge wealth of gold and jewelry vaulted in the caves of this tiny isle, and to abduct or kill the only inheritor of this wealth, this orphaned girl Nova. Nabik testified.
== Hi Nova! Ni3 hao3! (Nice to meet you)! Nice girl. I’m Romda. You seem to be a European girl. Listen, you must be fearlessly and tearlessly frank to tell me all, before I can do anything for you. Wipe your eyes first. 
== Yes, wiping out eyes Nova started descripture of her true story >>>As I had heard from Zhang Xin, who adopted me later as daughter; I was just 3 or 4 then, when we were returning from Japan voyaging from Osaka via Macao, Saigon to Lisbon in a merchant ship with merchandise. the pirates led by Zhang Xin barged into our ship on the Malacca Straits. My biological father, I can't recall his name, was an engineer, working for the company's cargo ship, was killed instantly by the pirates with the captain and crews.  My mother with some others and me were abducted as hostages after looting and ransacking the ship. Nevertheless, when the robbers attempted to torture my mother and kill me in hostage, Zhang Xin, a man of Chinese origin and leader of the gang, dissuaded them from torturing my mother. Then they killed my mother. Zhang Xin saved me and later he, who had no other of his own in this world, left piracy feeling guilty of killing my real father and mother by his men, decided to raise me as his daughter.
....  But Wang Gang, his ex-crack hand, earlier who had  an eye on my mom, also had been cherishing his secret desire to grab the huge pirated properties including the pile of gold biscuits, ancient gold coins and ornaments— that my adopting father Zhang Xin had secretly amassed at the very distant man-less cave, in his tiny hide out isle. In fact, a part of the amassed gold coins and ornaments were probably that of a fraction of the hidden treasure of  Ching Shih, the highflying pirate who once controlled the most prominent sector of the piracy world in South China sea. [Patch => A former prostitute in a brothel in Canton, Ching Shih turned to be the ringleader of her husband’s fleet —Red Flag —the most prominent pirate gang of that time, after his death. Source: Wanderer's Wordrobes.]
....  To fox the prowling eyes of Wang Gang, who then led the pirate gang after Zhang Xin, shifted all the looted wealth to this island, which he sometimes mentioned as New Kasu island after the Kasu island, once his favorite hangout near to Singapore.
== Yes. I have visited the Kasu island off Singapore. There was then only a Buddhist temple kept by an old woman devotee. Nothing dangerous. Quite Panoramic to look at the Singapore city at a distance across the sea from there. Previously, pirates frequented the Singapore River. Now safe. What about New Kasu Island? Romda enquired.
== This New Kasu Island, where you're seeing us, is just nearly a square mile spread of hilly terrain land, mountstones and cliffs with dense foliage on the deep south of the Indian Ocean. where apparently no man probably had any chance to ever live consistently. inhabited by marine birds fishes and some animals only. There an underground cave was carefully hidden with the stored looted huge treasure trove of Zhang Xin. He found it very unsafe to live in his old hideout near Singapore and decided to shift to the New Kasu Island here to live with me, making the rugged terrains of the island a bit more habitable by small farming and finding a source of drinkable water. There my early childhood spent in the green sylvan atmosphere with birds, dolphins, fishes and turtles. 
....  A few years spent. My father then thought, as I should not be a future pirate, so I should learn modern educations in a school. So he again came to his old place in Singapore and could enroll me in a good school, as we were very rich then. He changed his own look by plastic surgery. shaved his head. sported beard. erased the dreadful tattoos over his arms and all over the body, had rimless gentleman's specs, expensive cars and we were living buying a designer mansion employing armed guards. He even changed his name from Zhang Xin to Mike Zhang. He thought who would recognize him as the old dreaded pirate Zhang Xin after all these years?
....  However, he was mistaken. 1 day while he was stepping out of a posh shopping mall with me buying fashionable costly garments for me, 1 man of Wang Gang spotted us. We gave him the slip that time speeding away. However, Wang Gang and his band of ruffians were now on the constant look out for us. to kill us. and grab the hidden treasure from us. Singapore was no more safe for our lives. my dad had to decide to come back to live at this New Kasu Island once more.
....  We took a very well equipped hi speedboat with all modern amenities. full with our much needed items. and ultra-modern weapons and gadgets. which would be very necessary for a modern living and communications at this remote island, and if attacked by Wang Gang or others.
1 day early in the morning, we started for the New Kasu Island. however, after about a few hours we could realize as we were feeling an abnormal and sudden push toward the coast and abrupt high surge of gigantic waves. 
== Then? Romda, who makes others curious by his stories, was himself stuck by the suspense. 
== But soon the surge of waves redirected us, about to crash on the shores and distracted the direction of our boat toward the mouth of the Ganga off the Sagar island. My father Mike Zhang, a previous pirate, could remember the spot very clearly. As that was the fav spot for pirates. 
== Why, what’s the speakuliarity of the spot? Romda wanted to know. 
== She has rightly said. As you see our boatjacked on that spot. And before that I had faced pirates near to that spot several times while gone with other boats. 
== As father said the security over there was generally lax most of the times, so it was fav hunt here. He as Zhang Xin and his gang of pirates had to frequent there for business exchange and delivery of contraband items, smuggled goods, drugs, arms and ammunitions, fake currency notes and high explosives et al for subversive activities in the terrorian corridors, channeling to several ports. There he had to go surreptitiously in disguise many times. and specially, to easily rob the soft target huge number of rural people gathered there from all over the country, to have a holy deep in the confluence, called Sagarmela, during the month of January each year.
== There how could you find Nabik?
== Near the sand heads a little off the shore suddenly my view was attracted to a boy tied to the boa crying for help at the top of his feeble chocked voice, trying to catch the attention of our speeding boat. I prompted my father to save the boy. However, it was very risky, as we had to untie him and carry to our boat before the uncertain next high wave, which by then father could recognize by his experience, as tsunami. However, we could untie him and lift him up in our boat. He was ailing as he was severely beaten by the pirates, with severe dehydration, malnutrition and emaciation due to starvation for the last three and half days. However, he is strong built and outright very courageous. Within a few days of our nursing with food and medicines, he was completely cured.
== By then the tsunami ceased. We had regained full control of our boat. The weather was bright. We were discussing how Nabik could be sent back to his far-off country near the river mouth of the Ganga. Nabik was very eager to return to his homeland. Nevertheless, that was thousands of miles away then. As we were about to reach the new Kasu Island. I solaced Nabik, who seemed a bit junior to me in age: Do not brood / Now be in good mood. We're about to reach our home in our beautiful Island. You can see from far that bluish dot on the horizon. That's our isle New Kasu. You will be returned to your place in India, as soon as my Dad can make any arrangement. Don't worry.
== Did Nabik worry?
== Not at all. Instead, soon the unexpected real worry was to begin. Abruptly out of nowhere was approaching a very fast big swift boat. Thru binocular
\O=O/

dad saw the red dragon flag. his ex-band of pirates, led by the  Wang Gang. 
....  Dad sped our boat to the shore of the New Kasu isle. We were about to disembark when a shell out of nowhere suddenly hit my Dad and he was spot-dead. His body fell on the rushing waves and swept away fast. On the sudden shock of the moment, I was bewildered and very scared. Since the death of my biological European parents in the hands of pirates, when Zhang Xin out of repentance, in paternal affection adopted me as his daughter, and spared no pains for my wellbeing and happiness even leaving his profession of piracy totally.
....  Profusely weeping losing my father, I was at a loss and afraid of the after effects. What will happen now? The Wang Gang party was going to catch us. After a few days when Nabik will return home how will I live here alone? 
Nevertheless, unworried Nabik quickly rose to the occasion. He balmed me: Don't worry. Don't cry. You can later cry / but now you have to try, to save yourself. our self. from the ruffians. Do what I say. trust me. do not be afraid, I am also an experienced boatman in the Sundarbans, faced several times the pirates in the past.
....  Then however, I had to rely on him even a bit younger to me, having no other alternative. Nabik within moments picked up my father’s arms and ammunitions and gripping the steering with a sudden jerk speeded up the boat to the opposite side of the islands as I showed him the way. diverting the boat zigzag to scuttle the shell of fires and ran into the creeks in the jungle where the fireballs could not find us directly to hit. On hide and seek / after several creek, he negotiated into a rugged narrow creek— where the bigger pirate boat could not enter— to anchor and park our boat, to safely harbor. He  unloaded the items of food and high-end communication gadgets arms & ammo, et all on the shore. Selfocused, he drowned the boat anchoring it under the waters in a fjord, remembering a natural mark to be spotted later. then we took the goods, foods, water bottles and the much-needed  arms and ammo in sacks. and dragging me, he vanished swiftly in the deep wilderness, as I showed, as I knew the place like the palm of my hands.
....  It was dusk. before the dark was to shroud the isle. In tears, I was guiding him to a safe place from where we can watch who was lurking there from the seas but the intruders could not see where we were. We went up the hills and climbed atop a tree. We could watch the robbers were haunting us, as well as our hidden treasures. The pirates searched for us here and there for several hours. Nabik foxed them aping the sound of tiger roars as of Sundarbans and amplifying it to scare them at night. in the morning we shelled heavily on them and damaging their mother ship stationed on the sea. We could watch them with dad’s mod binoculars from the hill top jungles. and as per Nabik’s tactricks, we ceaselessly fired at their mother ship and skiff parked on the shore— to damage the pirates’ main supply line— with my father’s state of the art weapons from the top of the hills so accurately—that the pirates had to retreat, lest their mother ship and skiffs sink, and they would not be able to return to their base afar near to Singapore. We watched from the hilltop their retreat and evaporating on the high seas, perhaps to return soon with their full contingent in search of the hidden wealth in this isle and its only inheritor, me.    
== Zài nali? (Where is)? I mean where is this Wang gang actually based? Romda  wanted to know in Chinese.
== They probably based somewhere off Singapore, on the South China Sea around the East Indies. Nova replied.
== Really Nabik, I must commend your gutsy intelligence. I'm proud of you. And Nova too. It is for you only we have found Nabik alive again! Ni zhen niú! (You’re outstanding)! What a daring girl! At this preteen age how both of you could accomplish this tough job to handle with the naive rogues successfully?
== Why Romda, it was you that once taught me >>
The first and last lesson of How To
should be how to remain always afloat
uplifting in spite of the immense load
of puzzlers torpedoing to sink your boat

....  Omni Pundit was happy to hear at least somebody has followed his teachnique => Why are you still crying Nova? Aren’t you happy that Nabik has established contact with me, which can solve your problems in the future?
== Yes, happy for the hope of his future. No, not happy for my bleak future. as you will take back Nabik from me. then how can I live alone and stay alive fighting with the frightening deadly gang? Nova expressed her selfeelings to Romda in Mandarin mixed with little Bangla. 
== Well, don’t worry. We are not so inhuman that we let you live alone to face the dreadly bandits. Romda tried to assure her consoling in Mandarin.
Hearing his Mandarin Nova forgot her cry, and started to laugh loudly and said: Better, you speak Bangla, I can now understand better for talking frequently with Nabik.
== Wo3 han4 yu3 shuo1 de bu4 hao2.  (My Chinese is bad). No doubt. Nevertheless, remember only my bad Mandarin made you laugh, when my correct one would have failed. Please be calm. we assure you until and unless we can drive the bandits out of your isle permanently, neither Nabik will come back nor will I try to take Nabik back from you. Specially, when your island is far from here and far out of bounds of the route of the merchant or naval vessels and aircrafts. as we can figure out from the location of longitude and latitude of the isle on the globe. where I doubt if Magellan or some daredevil pirates, or any fleet had ever sailed on there. Ok? Now no more crying, or I will again speak Mandarin. 
Nova’s Lol

== I had also assured her that, but she is afraid that you will bid me to leave here. She often laments we are not to expect anything from anywhere. as we will not get any help. we are to die in the hands of pirates. Nabik said he did not think so — I told her as you often say:
Pragmatics ask don’t expect to thrive
so that you don’t have to be upset to strive
But if you don't hope for scope against nope
in hard times, how will you survive?

Dreambuoyant Nabik rest assured. In selfillment he added => Instead of thinking those negatives, we should stay positive to solve the imminent problems here now.
== Sure. Tho it’s difficult no doubt. Yet not impossible. Fei xià kugongfu bùke. (It requires painstaking efforts).
Now you rest completely for a few days taking stock of the situation in the isle. Let me preckoncile also what can be done now for your safety, security and good living. Is  your food and drinking water stock enough for a month now? As the ruffians won’t be able to come back to you to attack you before a month from the far east. Romda guesstimated.
== Yes, enough for at least 2 months. By that time, we will be able to rebuild our old infrastructure here to meet our needs. Nova quite confident about the stock.
== Nabik-Nova, I’ll be off for now. Bùhaoyìsi, youshì. Yàozoule. (I’m sorry, I have something to do. I must go).
Next day when you call me, preparing the full audiovisual data to give me for analyzing and assessing your actual position and inceptional needs practically. So that you have nice days there out of the regular worlden periphery. I’ll be calling you often. also, do call me whenever you like or require. Hearing your situation, I wish if I could go there now! Dài huì ér jiàn (See you later)! Zài jiàn (Good bye)!
Thereforth, Omni Pundit severed his Brazok link &  mused: 
I can walk on surface 
But  how can I walk 
on the surface of water?
 
Waves rush & gush again & again
How can one retain and detain?

Scores of corpses hit by waves
exhume here & there in the open sun
I am surrounded by different people
yet indifferent to one another
thousands of walking alive corpses
How can I revive the corpses back to life?

``~~’”.,``”.~~,.``’’.,~--~~,.~-~~’”.,```.~~,.
``’,.;’’``.,’’’```-.,-``’’’’`,.-,.’’’’````.,.-,-.’’’```

Waves rush & gush again & again
How can anyone retain & detain?



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  2  T e a r s p h e r E

2.24.45
Chapter 45: Retrosphere Tearsphere


Tension on Retaintion
....  A 3-4 month old boy had been the bone of contention regarding containtion & retaintion among the 9 competing mothers, who created constant tensions to claim the baby as their son. Losing their own babies in the killer tidal explosion, some parents vie to try picking up the boy to retain as their own missing baby. Some of the contenders turned to violent brawling with one another, and even with the doctors and staff, at an eastern Sri Lankan hospital, over the baby. The hospital head Dr. Rajratne had this much to state => We can't comment now. It is for the court to decide which mother will get the child. But since it is not the age of the ancient king Solomon, who had wisely decided as to who was the real mother of a child from among the quarreling claimant mothers in a novel way, it might also require this time a DNA test to verdict.

Tearing Collector
....  Sarah Sridharan, the personal assistant to the district boss D Ramakrishnan, was in the office at the district headquarters of Nagapattinam, when a humble clamor was audible from outside the office. DR, fondly called Dear, by the locals, looked at Sarah who watched thru the window and asked the crowd lined up there.=> What do you want?
==  We wanna meet Dear Sir. An old woman replied.
==  What for?
==  We wanna donate a part from our little income last year after the tsunami—for them who still need it—in gratitude of what the government and DR Sir done for us. We want to return a part to the society, what we woe to it.  
== Ok, wait a bit. I'm telling DR Sir. Sarah looked at her Sir and placed their loving demand.
Nevertheless, the crowd's loud voice was already eared by DR. Abruptly he tried to cover his eyes with his two hands facing downward. tears rolled down his cheeks. He took a tissue paper from his table. wiped out tears being a little embarrassed, before his assistant.
Sarah was amazed to say softly => Sir, during those hard days of devastation I haven't seen you a single moment to break down. You're always fearless. upright. leading the administration, relief works, and rehabilitation from the front for the past 1 year. day and night. When we were broke in those extremely wretched and difficult conditions! Now hearing the people willing to help others inspired by your example, you — !?
== Really I'm sorry for this Sarah — he said in a nearly choked voice — No, no I haven't done anything alone. Rather all of us have done as a team whatever little good things could be done for the afflicted people. who have lost all their near and dear ones and everything else. Not for that. I couldn't control myself before you, and tears vapored my eyes for that the people, who were assisted in their days of danger and doom, are themselves giving back to the needy people in the society, some portion of their hard earned money and things. this is a great, great thing! So I was out of control tearing in joy! DR explained to Sarah.
....  DR then went straight to the crowd in selfulfilment with folded hands => Thank all of you for you've come to help those people who're still in distress.
== DR Sir, you've done so much for us, and we'll not do this little, which we can do?
== Please don't embarrass me more, not me, the government and NGOs have done everything.  We've donned. We will take your donation with our heartiest thanks. one by one. Please wait in the que. Then he and his colleagues received the donations from the crowd. 
....  Meanwhile the journalists wanted to talk to him in the first anniversary day of the tsunami, he said them => Yes, there are celebrations, you are invited there to cover; go there to the spot of celebration. I’ve also to remain present there to receive the coming celebrities, film stars, ministers, religious gurus & godmothers & fathers. They'll give you important bytes.
== People already know that countrywide thru their larger than life huge-size cut outs, hoardings, banners, newspaper ads, we have gone to them and will have to go again and again. One journo commented.
== They all claim competitively to be ahead of their rivals again and again and publish in the media— how much they're concerned about the tsunami victims and did their utmost for the victims—to manipulate the votes and enlarge their image before their devotees — outsmarting their rivals. It’s like an opera of sops for the voters—a sopera. Another journo supplemented.
== As you see the huge cutouts of the political leaders and religious gurus the demagogues, here and there all over the state and in its capital Chennai. all preaching their philanthropic activities utilizing tsunami—but actually you are the grounds man who organized and directed from the actual places of devastation, braving all hazards. Yet another journo added.
== If there're other leaders like you who worked doggedly and even responded in a single phone call in any time of the day and night, when most of the officials posted in the other severely affected areas in our country, escaped to the safer places elsewhere, we could recover from the hazards of messmanagement much faster and more efficiently, which most people outside don't know, but should know from you, DR Sir. Another reporter placed all others' demands.
== Listen friends. I can’t comment on your comments. Please don’t embarrass me. Not me alone. Please don't forget our 12 officers who served their best with me to recover from the phenomenal calamity, and some NGOs who took part in our concerted effort. I had a passion for this to get bigger opportunity & responsibility to serve more and more people. True when immediately following the naturely calamity tsunami, I was posted here for the relief and rehab work, I was at first appalled to face >> a very tough time past year. after which there were scattered ruins of fishing boats waved back to the land— piles of corpses— cars capsized here and there everywhere— grounded coconut palms and electric poles with live nets of electrical current in wires—piles of decomposing corpses overpopulating the hospitals—dumped in the morgues—injured people—missing people innumerable—scarcity of food—drinking water, medicines, oils, medicos.....all systems completely jeopardized, to be immediately cared for. I watched man had to share a dish of  khichri food with a stray dog in the same  dish! The man had no better option in that scenario but to bitterly swallow it, though the dog was pleased! So everything was disarrayed. Disarranged. Messmanagable. apathy of a part of the administration—partiality in relief works and distribution of food and rehabilitation. some propportunist traders, tho fewer,  were making profit where there were scarcity of daily needed items like tarpaulin, kerosene, petrol, rice, food and edible oils, drinking water, medicine.....etc. That was the abject dismal ground reality— as you know, in most of the eastern shore line across south India as well as in the Andaman & Nicobar islands, not to speak of almost the entire southeast Asia. 
From that utter derangement and disarray, we gradually arranged and recovered. You are journalists. You inform all everything. If you find anybody who complains s/he is left out, please inform us. We will do our best to provide. 
In fact, now these people willing to help others make our belief in humanity stronger and longer.
The world exists as until now good people
are in overwhelming majority
When the good people will be micro minority
the world will no more exist

The most important thing is that you have to stay beside the disconcerted people at the time of a natureal disaster. to instill confidence in them. I have only stayed beside the people with my colleagues. This much. Nothing more. Nothing less.Well, thank you very much friends on behalf of me and from my colleagues, for the opportunity to talk to you. Jai Hind!

Fanny & Desmond Tie
....  When the first high tide came, the duo Fanny and her lover Desmond were swept away with the tide and they suddenly found themselves plunged into the water like on a roller coaster ride, in their luxury sea resort lounge in Sri Lanka. However, on the submerged shore, they were returned, lucky enough to cling to a tree-branch for the time being: Fanny, we have to hang in this tree—until the waves recede. yelled Desmond.
....  However, his words washed out with him, claiming him by even more powerful next waves. Seeing Desmond adrift away, Fanny jumped to swim to him and clinched him tightly, fighting against the odd waves together. Lastly, when the waves recede they were found along the coastline clinging to each other and brought back to the hotel.
....  In the denouement, remembering the brutality of that fateful day, next year on the same day, they were in the fruitality of wearing the elaborate  attire of bride and groom in the after marriage party in glaring festive lights, delights and gracing guests in Dublin. Traditionally kissing his bride, flagging off their shared life together, Desmond addressed the togathering => Fanny's given me a new life—this date last year—which I'm giving her back marrying her—in the hope to brave the waves of life henceforth together. Applause. Clap. Kiss. Flash! Happy copybook comedy. 
(°lº)  (°Lº)

Camera. Light. Delight. Axion. Toast. Cheers. Feast. Happy couple & people. Over.

Omni Pundit's Fizza 16
== It must be there had been many more fierce tsunamis in history before it than this. However, why this tsunami was getting the most attention than the earlier ones? Chokita Kar wondered!
....  Omni Pundit stopped a while, stirring the ice cubes in glass, trying to shape up his unruly hair with the palm of left hand. As he bites his pizza / guzzles a fizz / puzzles his fizza => Yea. tsunami is almost a naturely calendar happening in Japan, recurring after any interval. More people were killed in Chinese earthquakes previously. However, this tsunami was drawing more attention because it has been the most widely recorded disaster so far in history. Moreover, the earthquake recorded so far was the highest scale at 9.1-3. 
[Patch => So far records guessing estimate / revealize several most disastrous earthquakes in history, to guesstimate: 
1556 AD— Shaanxi, China, Death 830000, magnitude 8. 
1920—Gansu, China, Death 273400, magnitude 7.8 
1976—Hebei, China, Death 242769, magnitude 7.8
521—Antioc, Turkey, Death 240000, magnitude 7
2004—Indian Ocean, Death 230000+, magnitude 9.1-3.
Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
== But simply for this reason this tsunami marked worldwide concerns, Punditda? Kuhak lobbed the ball rolling, while struggling with his unskilled chopsticks on the plate.
== Not only this, Ku Ku. OP wonders rubbing his unkempt hair with one hand. guzzles a fizz / bites pizza / bubbles his fizza >> Only India did not accept any aid from outside that time. However, as some of the affected East African country’s people lamented, they were not getting  the aid, functional assistance, and relief works as generously in East African countries, as that of in the far eastern countries. The reason was because that time— being the holiday season, in the festive and feasting time in the Far East— the rich influential and holidaying white westerners had themselves been subjected to severe deaths and destruction. affecting wider international regions— not of a single country, but of many countries. Therefore, most of the relief and rehabilitation aid and attention from the rich and influential western countries bestowed that time on those parts of Asia—and not on that part of Africa— where neither were they holidaying and become affected— nor the inhabitants thereof were rich, affluent & influential. And you know > 

When you lack fluence
you duck influence
When you have fluence
only then you can influence

Omni Pundit concluded => Who knoweth not, always people doth mostly liketh to please grease and oil the oiliest heads?

Floating Junk
....  A floating junk isle was drifting away toward the USA coast of the Pacific Ocean, that time passing nearby Hawaii. The garbage resulted by a tsunami, caused by the waste of the civilization,  moving toward the land of one of its major contributors to pollution and the self-styled leader of the civilization that time.  Was it a naturely revenge? 

Tsunami of New Hope 
....  When in the hospital attending physicians were checking the newborn baby on the day of the troubler tsunami, and first started to call him fondly as Tsunami Baby, the parents shivered in protest => No no doctor Sahib, tsunami is an unfortunate disaster in all of our lives! If he is called in that name, his future life might be miserable and full of sorrow!
The doctors argued => Why do you think he will be a symbol of doom? Rather we all will remember him as our ray of new hope in the days of the utter disaster!
== But Dr. Sahib, Tsunami sounds girlic name. unsuitable for a boy. We might call him Tufan, meaning wave or something like that—but his father's objection was soon overruled by the visitors, who were swarming in to have a glance of the baby, by then turned famous as the Tsunami boy and gifted him with toys, garments, food—whatever little they can. When released after complete cure, the parents returned to their inundated home in the remote corner of the Andaman & Nicobar islands.
....  After a year, Tsunami was then a one-year-old boy. The neighbors liked to see him. the visitors wanted to see him. The media wanted to see and show him. As a ray hope of the new days to come. Though—
After the happenings happen
it can be explicated in any & many ways
it did not happen to mean

....  The media asked the mother => What was your condition last year this day when the waves hit hard here?
==  I was writhing in the final stage of the labor pain when the fierce waves knocked  and devoured our home completely. within minutes. without any previous warning! His father was about to run for a doctor or to shift me to a hospital far off from here. However, there was no time as the tsunami was chasing. So as a cycle van driver, he somehow bundled our first little son and me on the van, and quickly paddled for a higher place in a hillock. However, the waves soon outran us.  So leaving the van to sway we had to run in that my final condition. I still cannot believe myself how could we pull ourselves to the Lal tila—the uppermost part of the hill, which was already swarmed by the people of the adjoining villages. in addition, immediately I couldn't but deliver on the spot in the leafy forest floor. A few experienced, elderly women nursed me there. with care. for a long time, before I could be transferred to the hospital with the newborn baby.    
== But we heard you and your husband feared the people might demean the boy, for his name Tsunami— as a symbol of their misfortune. do you still think so?
== Initially we did. On the contrary, now the kid is our ray of hope. for the good times to knock at the door. In fact, he has brought us some fortune already. We have got government's and the NGOs’ aid. we have our home newly built. His father was given a motor van. in place of his cycle van— the only source of our income. A reputed child specialist doctor from Kolkata Dr Sumona Das visited us to see him. She did not even take her fees to check him. So many people come to our little trifle hut only for him, as you too have come here, is it not for him? 
== But you are still leaving in the place surrounded by the sea now calm. which might claim anytime again more and more lives and devastation. isn’t it?
== Yes, but we are ordinary poor people. We can’t go to live any other place. or to the mainland other than this place. Her looks turned vacant. What she heartfelt but could not express herself like many other ordinary people: We are helpless. Though we know the voracious demoness waves devour many lives houses and properties of millions of people; and still she isn’t at all happy and she will rise anytime again to douse us in 
T e a r s p h e r e

The demoness is unhappy
may anytime call and recall
In tear sphere
One may want or not at all
waves will rise and fall

As will it do as we wish?
First we are to assess it is whose kingdom?
The kingdom of reptile or kingdom of tiger
or kingdom of tycoon or kingdom of typhoon
or kingdom of elephant or eagle
or lion or kingdom of ruffian
or kingdom of the demoness ocean?

All our intimate times pains and passions
our childhood youth till the end
in the reigndom of sea at mercy
as battered boats battling
at random in tearsphere
Anytime may be busted
rampaged to be worsted
The demoness is unhappy
may anytime call and recall
One may want or not at all
w~a~v~e~s  will  r^~i^~s^~e  and  f~a~l~l

Toying cleansing annihilating
so long memorabilia and dream
trashed by uncertain whim and skim
to flow down the drain
kneaded to dough voilà ruin
Waters rush that side at ease
where the wave is
The water of where  rolls to where

The demoness is unhappy
may anytime call and recall

In tear sphere
One may want or not at all
waves will rise and fall



((((((((((((((((((((((())))))))))))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3


QueeRSpherE



Sayeth nowhere chandan if all hear
on queer sphere  waves in yon times
fulfeel the aura  in cosmosphere
times turn impossible  i’m possible


3.1.46
Chapter 46: Alien Spacebuster


Divergent World

O

Glaring rage of the sun ups
If on fly
floating seas of cloud glide below
otiose borders view on bird’s eye
May be none is deeming?

O

Above fires the sun’s reckless ray
If on land
millions of limiters billions of punishers
On space prowl acerb rivals affray
May be none is preckoning??

O

Over and above is the senseless sun
Go beneath the soil
to be caged down
Upward rest waterway soil diverse den
May be none is questing???

....  Certain somebody must be probing. prying. Looking for divergent subjects > place time wo/man and people – though differently. Such a search was traced on the south of the tropic of Capricorn on the   A~t~l~a~n~t~i~c 
~-~~’”.,```.~~,.``’’.,~~~., ~~-~’”.,

O~c~e~a~n  between the coasts of South America and Africa. In a tiny island’s hilly tract. surrounded by obtuse forests. In the dark of a cave. Waking from his sleep of thousands of years and coming out of the cavern, a caveman saw a very queer creature has emerged just in front of the cave! He was at a loss to make out which is the head or tail of the stranger’s dreadbody.

....  Nevertheless, it was standing his face to face. Apprehending attack, the caveman ... [Patch => According to some researchers it was preckoned that in the genes of modern wo/men perhaps diluted the features of the Homo erectus (who could walk straight) and Homo habilis (who could use weapons) wo/men, who mostly lived in caves. Cave paintings of 30000-35000 years ago by cave-dwellers has been discovered from the caves of countries called Spain & France. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
....  Fearing to be attacked, the caver at first attacked the stranger preemptively hurling the stone weapon picking it up from the ground. However, the stranger alien stunned his oddventure catching the stone at ease. Then the dreadbody signaled the caveman that it wouldn’t harm him.
....  The caver charmed by the himagic, was dazed to quiz the queer creature in the sign & signal language => Hukurakutua harinica hukahutu? who are you?  where do you come from? you’re not an ordinary animal!
The stunning dreadbody submitted its credentials => My name is Tikoonza. I’m not a creature of your earth. I’m coming from another star * . An Extraterrestrial. You needn’t speak to me hinting signals. I can speak, understand and explain in different languages of man, animal, and bird, even speak in your language, automatically by the systems tucked into my cells. In addition, by it I could see through the walls— the paintings in this cave. Then finding your full set of skeleton bones here, I’m extremely delighted to relive you. What was yr name? 
....  The caver hyposupposing that it was not an ordinary creature but a hyper angel from the heaven downed to earth, responded => My name was Dahuamano. But how can I live alone? Relive all the associates of my clan who were living with me. If I live, with them. If I die, with them.
== I am sorry, only yours intact skeleton bones were found here. Which’s why you could be given life again. You bring to my notice, if you find the remains of any other full set of bones intact at any place. Then those pieces can be made alive again. Otherwise, if I make alive any partial set of bones, then it will be a handicapped person. Tikoonza, the ET explained.
Dahuamano’s doubtlook => I understand that. But I fail to decipher why have you landed here from heaven? What’s your intension to appear here?
Tikoonza => I with a few of my associates have descended and scattered all over the earth to collect gold, silver, copper, iron, titanium, uranium and other valuable materials + samples of manimals like the prehistoric wo/men to modern wo/men + other species of beasts, birds, plants and seeds to carry them to our planet < so we’ve come here also.
== Earth? What’s that? This is just a place surrounded by the hills ^^^  trees and ended by the o~c~e~a~n which is endless. Here wealth means tree beast bird and fish. What is gold silver iron? Dahuamano quizzed.
== Oh, I see you haven’t yet known the use of metal!
== What is meant by metal?
== Eh, You donno? Metal means as for example the stone weapon you hurled at me >> some matters like that mined from beneath the soil, rocks and seas > which have some value.
== What is value?
== Value means price. the price at which a thing is sold in a bazaar.
== Where lives the bazaar? And how a thing is sold? Who decide/s that? Nobody does anything here without asking me first. I will not agree to anything predetermined by others. I will reset everything. again. afresh. anew. Let my associates be resurrected first. Dahuamano was visibly perturbed.
== What a fix I’m trapped! I came here to relive you. On the contrary I’m made answerable to you! Tikoonza showed displeasure.
== Ah ha, don’t be peeved. You are hailing from the distancia star. That indicates you are god. like the sun and moon. almighty. How easily you could catch my stone weapon! You giver of sunshine, rain, storm, earthquake and lightening thunder. That means you are either god or demon. I will worship you with my offerings of fruits flowers and flesh of beasts to please you. I wanted to hit you being unaware. You stay on hi sky. see things aplenty. more than the birds. We are staying here since our birth. this place we know as our earth. limited by the sea. all around.

``~~’”.,``”.~~,.``’’.,~--~~,.~-~~’”.,```
``,.;’’``.,’’’```-.,-``’’’’`,.-,.’’’’````.,.-,-. 

In this hazy air, I feel breathing trouble. It looks different now this time. I see here sparse plants and trees `'*'`\Y/*"`
== Dhurr, this is simply a tiny island— island means land amidst sea— that means soil. So many islands, lands, hills and jungles like this are there in this vast earth.
[Patch => Earth = Dikiu (Mandarin), Tierra (Spanish), Chikyuu (Japanese), Ard (Arabic), Dunya (Hindi & Turkey), Erde (Afrikaans / German), Terre (French), Zemlza (Russian), Gaea (Greek), Zamin (Farsi), Bumi (Malay / Indonesian). Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
== So many more peoples, beasts and birds, fruits and flowers are there! Tikoonza informed.
== More birds and beasts! Where? Will you show me? Here we had hunted and ate almost all beasts. Yet we feared anytime we would all die scuffling with the other clans of hunters, who were here in other caves clinching over the hunted animals and places. Dahuamano’s prediction.
== Not only you. All over the world, peoples will continue to fight amongst themselves to become extinct and end the world. Tikoonza opined.
== How the fight occurs?
== Fight is larger type of scuffle >> as you tussle inflicting stone weapons on the opponent < like that now, many more powerful sharp and sophisticated deadly weapons are there. As you make fire-striking stones, now there are arms that fire, arms germinating the invisible germs, bombs sounding and lightening like thunders and many more types of killing arsenals. As for example, The ET Tikoonza drew a small lightening stick from its body and flashed—just guiding it like a super missile, I can pull down your moon god or a small star from here. In that case, the broken splinters of the star’s big fiery stone chunk rubbles might hit this earth and destroy it.
These words fueled Dahuamano on fire => How good god are you. You want to kill us destroying our earth?! Now he felt ill visibly. Gradually his difficulty to inhale and exhale. He was chocking.
== And you people are always fighting with one another over the seizure of land, wealth, nationality and religion > in that there’s no fault?  only I’m to blame? Bah!
== Religion is what fruit? How it tastes? Dahuamano felt pain in the chest. with burning sensation. vertigo. restlessness.
== Oh father, is religion edible? Religion is something to follow or unfollow. Religion is as you say about your god as the sun O moon ) or star * . Likewise peoples in different regions of the earth worship different kinds of gods differently or do not worship. As some people think that gods have shapes that resemble the images of humans, animals, sun, moon, stars etc. While some others think, the god has no shape or image. Again, some people pray their gods facing on the side of the rising sun. While some others pray to god just facing the opposite side.
== So what is there to skirmish over these trifles? 
Gods can be followed or unfollowed
as anybody or manybody
want or unwant

As some people pray to god bare headed without hat. While some others pray to gods covering their heads with caps or special wears, hats ..... 
[Patch => That time peoples of different regions  were habituated to wear and made to wear different kinds of hats a.k.a. caps. Many men were used to wear a cap named Fez. At one time Top Hat wear by prez Lincoln was popular. The type of cap which Gandhi wore, was made to wear by many people. That time many males used latex condom caps during sexcavation with females. Panama caps were made to use from the country called Panama. Again, the Mexican hats wear by the cowboys in USA were called cowboy hats. Source: Wanderers Wordrobes].
== Are these wears? Wears are like this I’m wearing are made of the skin of animals or that of trees. Dahuamano wanted to flaunt. 
== The idea, Dahua >> I have hit upon a fantastic plan from your words!
== How?
== Suppose in this skin wear you will walk in the ramp of haute couture fashion shows in Paris, New York, Milan, London or + if you’re made a macho star in Hollywood or Bollywood! Then it will be a bumper success. mega hit!! We can earn huge bucks. Enormous. Oh, Dahua you won’t have to stand here amazed and dazed with your mouth wide open. To understand the meaning of this bon ton project and how we can work this out, at first you’ll need to be civilized in modern bon ton dress codes, behaviors, manners, etiquettes and partiquettes. so that you can be presented to the mod fashionable beau monde society. That will be very hard and strenuous project. But comparing the mammoth gain we extract out of it, this effort by us will be just minimal. You will be able to live your whole life smoothly at ease. You’ll no more need to hunt birds & beasts & fish to eat. You will be famous worldwide overnight. But at first let the fashion show projecting you happen!
[Patch => It is said in 1858 Worth first opened an haute couture fashion house in Paris. In the fashion show called Gucci in the fall of 2004, rose petals of 50000 thousand flowers were scattered over the runway. But it could not be known, if the rose plants from which those roses were plucked, had they welcomed the guests silently with pleasure, cried, or cursed. On the contrary, there were ample people with thoughts like Oscar Wilde >> “Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.” Vide: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
== In fact, do you know that today civilization is much more advanced than your primitive days? Tikoonza wanted to aware Dahuamano. 
== Did you say the civilization has been advanced much more? What is called civilization?
Tikoonza fumbled at the counterrogation => Civilization denotes progress keeping pace with the times.
== The subjects you talked over with me so long that roughly cover are either eating, or wear, or god, or battle, or weapons >> all these were there on our time thousands of years ago, as they are consistent  till now I’m hearing >> only their ways and forms might have been changed a bit. Though the times have advanced >> still the original concept or the issue has remained the same. So where has the civilization advanced?
....  Now talking for a long time Dahuamano felt unwell, weak, and strengthless in the devalued air. His feeble respiration. Burning sensation  in the whole body. Moreover all these meaningless talks. civilized. cultured. famous! What all these gibberish nonsense mean? His body and head churned. In stuffy air, he could not stand anymore in pain. he laid down in the ground. Being extremely fatigued. exhausted in stuffocation. he felt asleep then and there.

Clogged Spacebuster 
....  All on a sudden a faint beep sound. As if, the rains began to drop silently. It was seen that in the smooth plain part of Tikoonza’s body, a screened layer of light was focused. A philosophic face popped up on screen => You Wichingre, you darn beast ET! See I’ve interjected the incognito programming of Brazok into you in your unawares. So that I can keep a close tab on you as to wherever you go, whichever you do or say, to monitor you, however undesirable to you? Cave man Dahuamano has become ill on his rebirth / in this earth— after thousands of years, due to abysmal pollution of climate. The pure climatic conditions of his time had slid by long ago. It will take much time to adjust himself in this toxicant climatic condition. So you return immediately leaving him there.
Tikoonza => Look Omni Pundit, me tell thou I art  no Wichingre.  Tikoonza me name call me. I take shalt Dahuamano to my star. I no thine prisoner. no beast that thou maketh me a  Brazok station  on the move to spy me. Me cometh from goodest star Distancia of cosmos Doorstan 180 goodest planet # 309 Futchuku. Me a goodest creature Futchuku. We Futchuku high good blood than thou non civilize man. here we cometh this Earthstan for save thy barbaric man. So me good warning thine  remove Brazok from me body. 
Omni Pundit => Horribilis! I forget thou art no Wichingre, thou art Tikoonze the Great ET. Thou Futchukus art higher creature than we barbaric wo/men are. Thou cometh this earth to salvage man. Bravo! What a marvelic ploy! Well, you remove Brazok yourself off from your body. Or you try move out to distance. Omni Pundit’s eyes twinkled covert sport.
Tikoonza => Me canst no remove. Thou out your program me from. quick. If not thou – 
== If not — so?
== So I wilt brake thou and Earthstan.
== (Unflurried Omni Pundit slowly rubbing his unkempt head repeatedly with his one hand and confab) With that wicked stick set to your body you'll destroy the earth, ain’t it? Well, try at once. Also, you can examine if you can communicate with your monitoring bosses. who had satellited you and your band of spacetracer ET bandits in this earth. from your Doorstan 180.309 Futchuku planet. to loot the wealth of earth and smuggle it to your planet.
....  Now being alarmed, scarred Tikoonza tried repeatedly to operate its gadgets and arms and communicate to the Futchuku planet. ardently and urgently. but flopped. and frustrated. and dispirited he broke and wrecked down and wanted explanation => Thou deactivate me arms, communicate not work. Bad. Thou why do?
== Horribilis! You see Tikoonze, don’t pester me. U ask my explanation, why? Romnis Pundit doesn’t submit explanation to anybody anybloodie! at least not to the bullying aliens— space hooligans or bulligans. or their agents from another planet.You rascal rogue! Don’t cuckoo your muggin’ chockabularies. Haven’t u troubled me frequently for a long period of time?
== How?
== Horribilis! How! Wherever I had gone, you heeled me there instantly and invisibly! to lift up the Brazok gizmo from me. Me in the adda of BangaSudha < and you were there. exhaling on my shoulder standing behind my chair hidden to all. Nobody may see you. but I could see your gestures on screen of Brazok and decipher that if I give u more leniency you will try climb atop my head. But—
My head is my head
it is not for others to climb
or not for anybody to rub
to squeeze some undue badvantage

>> at least during my lifetime — of course if afterwards any statue of me is built and even no birds sit in its head. However, at last in Egypt when I was there to figure out the unsolved mystery how the so many massive stone blocks were transported and lifted up by the workers around 2000 BC, to build the Giza and other pyramids? Or it is the work of the aliens as many believe it? In Luxor, to fox you I hastily hired a hackney carriage and letting its chauffeur sit in the back passenger seat, I drove the carriage on the street, covering my head with his headdress. You could not recognize me. In Cairo museum I was discussing on a mummy with the head of the archeology department and pondering >> The mummy has been dreaming sweet dreams for the last thousands of years. Why disturb it? And at that spot 2 clueless spectators probably from village, beside us were talking between them:
== This mummy man was probably a truck driver when he died in a truck accident— as you see so many bandages in his body? One man said.
== Again the truck number is also inscribed in the box you see BC 1506. Speculated the other man. 
....  Overhearing their dialogue, I was at a loss and musing should I laugh or should I cry! —> on that point of time you—an alien, misappeared again behind me unseen, to lift up the Brazok from me! Then and there abruptly the idea bugged me >> if the mummy could be resurrected somehow >> then so many info of those days could be unearthed! Yes, beautilizing your alien power, I’ll resurrect the mummy to life again! You were able to relive Dahuamano. as you the Futchuku creatures, I must admit, are still ahead and more advanced in comparison to humans in the fields of reliving any creature + vanishing undetectable instantly +  appearing instantly in the countenance of humans and beasts & birds & change shapes + living below the surface of soil and water + walking on the space or on water + in space transportation + space warcrafts, arms & ammunitions as spacetracers. So I seized the propertunity to interpose the remote program of Brazok inducted within you who was unwitting >> the program which nobody will be able to remove from you except me. And in the interest to save you— no Futchuku or any of their agents will ever dare disturb or bump me off surreptitiously. Do you remember what I muttered then pointing to you?
== It how canst forgotten? Omni Pundit, thou sayeth >> the secret agent of Futchuku, who is trying to lift up the Brazok from me, let it might be aware, which is its real shape and countenance, as it looks on the screen of Brazok. Ah ha, whatta marvelous flying shape taken this time!
== Bah. You still remember I see! Being an extraterrestrial element, u have known my nick name Omni Pundit given by my friends. Relaxed Omni Pundit slowly wiped his unkempt head with his one hand as he talked.
But not being moved Tikoonza lamented => Oh, at what inauspicious moment I gone for see cave art thither that cave write by cavemen >> I no come to thief your Brazok. Yet me is capture to you.
== Horribilis! Oh, ho, whatta deplorable thing! Thou the innocent saint— art connoisseur is a capture to me. Darn goof! Have I  any jail or any estate so that I will pet you as a capture? My everything is in the open. So you are also open. Only I’ve clipped your wings a little. You are lucky that I have not evaporated or zeroed you like your band of ruffians. I’ve given you a chance for correction to be a convert to a good man.
== I no know what powers of me thy cut? Thy wish what?
== Horribilis! Look Tikoonze, my wish very clear. Your band of alien pirates, who in the plea of seeing cave art and other trivia, in fact wanted to plunder all the valuable metals and wealth, specimen of trees, herbs and plants creatures birds  and bio diversity, art and artifact + captivate few primitive and modern wo/men to smuggle them to your planet >> actually I’ve foiled that evilized attempts of you only. That heinous action / of your sucktion, has been stopped by me. Your use of arms, power of looting, communication with your star and planet have been ceased, seized and deactivated by me. Your return passage to your land is clogged for the time being, so long I don’t remove from you the station of Brazok. You could not bump me off until and unless you could snatch Brazok from me. Because you had info, which neither I will dismiss as untrue or will verify as true. that it ain’t just the copycat toy edition of Brazok available in the bazaar. rather —> it’s the only original contraption >> the formula, mechaknowledge, and ingredients everything is done and only known to me as its inventor!
== Is where our other Futchukus?  thou art zeroes them?
....  {OP would like to say  Tikoonze > What have I  done to the rogue bulligans why should I tell you? I’m losing my valuable time talking to this rogue. Now I have to sort out my imminent problems first —>1) Water is congesting in the drainpipe in my home, I’ve to call the plumber. 2) The rays in one corner of Brazok seem a bit faded. Have to work it out. 3) Haircut and shaving are to be done. 4) Have to go to the bazaar to buy vegetables. in addition to that must find out Jatamangsi  and gold ash. otherwise a project will be halted. 5) Atkinson has asked for advice in his research work. have to write him.}
== Horribilis! Not zeroed. But I’ve winded up the bullying hooligans. the bulligans thrashed by Brazok outside the orbit of earth. By now probably they are either hit by some space garbage. or drawn to some other star orbit in their endless yatra. or if they have the expertise they might return to their planet. Only you have been retained to be not zeroed for the time being—for etude under my observation. You’re given a propertunity to be a man, being rectified. Omni Pundit slowly wiped his unkempt head repeatedly with his one hand while hinting what is there in his pipeline.
== Me be never free? I to live at Earthstan gaol ever and me no power? Tikoonza’s fearful agony.
== You gonna crazy? 
You glide as if a fish in the deep sky
cannot be seen cannot be fathomed

   You will have every freedom intact including travel / if you don’t make any meddle / and if you make any trouble/ never will end your travail.  Knowingly I can’t allow anybody including you to harm or torment the world! You know there is nothing in the cosmos that is totally free. If there is anything as God, s/he is not also fully free. because s/he also has to follow the rules made by her/himself! So if in my observation, I find you have rectified yourself to become a man or are beneficial to the world in practice < then after considering your good acts I might allow you carte blanche to go back to your country > of course, if you still then wanna return. Here are thousands of fun in this world, you see Tikoonze. Only very few wanna leave this world. And you’re worried of only your power cut? not like that. In this world now the space is lesser and the peoplation is innumerable. So here everything is cut. Though one or other day the 
W h e e l  W i l l  T u r n

O~c~e~a~n  is cut < there will be edifice
Field is cut < there will be bypass
^^^ Hill is cut < there will be mill
Forest is cut < there will be flame
Mind is cut < there will be rock
O  Civilization is looming wheel will sink  O

Honesty is cut < there will be leader
Wage is cut  < there will be grumble
Power is cut < there will be crumble
Wing is cut < there will be return
Shame is cut < there will be fun
O  Devilization is booming wheel will turn  O



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.2.47
Chapter 47: Prying Prowler


Splintered Spacebuster
....  Tikoonza took time to trackback to its senses to gain the imagery and visagery....that it was the resident of the Doorstan cluster of distancia star’s DS180.309, aka the Futchuku planet.  Keeping its eyes glued on the layer of beaming light of Brazok focused on the smoother part of its own body used as the screen. panicked and scarred, Tikoonza tried to preckon the intricate meaning of Omni Pundit’s speakuliar dialogue. However, it could not solve the puzzle of the inherent enigma through its own internal transversion system. Only it could assume this much that coming to this EarthStan to trap this stark mad scientist Romnis Pundit, it itself has been entrapped by him, who has become its gateman + fateman. It wondered if it could free itself bribing the scientist with diamond, gold or some precious gift! Nevertheless, any attempt of lifting these metals will be brought to his notice then and there. The result will be just the reverse. If the bugger kills me on rage? Alternatively, if he makes me zeroed? Tikoonza feared. 
....  Musing thus Tikoonza asked Omni Pundit => If I no heed thou words, shalt thou me evaporate, Punditda? (Tikoonza addressed him coaxingly Punditda like others @ Bangasudha tavern, here pretending to endear & respect him like a big brother, actually seeing no other way to supple him, adding da to the suffix of their names or titles.)
== Horribilis! When I can’t give life to anybody why should I take life of anybody, you tomfool? If not me or anybody in the world is going to be killed, or if I’m not forced to:
If one can kill by honey
why apply poison?

I haven’t or won’t evaporate anyone. Because the main purpose of my Bayurbed is to keep anything in its proper place— usually and naturally to maintain its internal integral rhythm. However, if anybloody harms or wanna harm wo/man or this world, should I cuddle him? Omni’s clear and omni-competent answer rubbing his unkempt flying hair with one hand.
== Before coming’ to this earthstan we art read Ayurved, but no hear Bayurbed. ever!
== Horribilis! That’s my top secret. Humans haven’t heard yet, how can u, the darn goof, Futchuku infiltrator— alien from another planet hear? Only learn the rough outline that Bayurbed is the cohesion among different branches of science. On the techknowlogical side, this is the way in which the nature makes everything silently, and for which rarely any laboratory or huge expense is needed. To make it workable one is to reach at the decision thru mathematical and natural analysis. and to do it in the easiest technizance and natural resources— like bayu (air) radio wave frequency and light— which have abundant natureal supply and having no negative side effects.
== Instance?
== Horribilis! One instance is Brazok’s beamer, which is attached to your body but you can’t feel or understand. Only if i wish, it is beaming rays on your body otherwise not. I know the entire info of your movement, activities and musings, but you can’t trace or mistrace my nothing. Yet if you wanted to know you could easily search that a preli toy version of Brazok— which I was explaining a bit in my class once with a sketch— a student of mine copied the sketch and sold it to a multinational company < which is now available in the market, but in other’s name. As I didn’t take patent of it beforehand like Jagadish Chandra Bose. Therefore, nobody knows me. In addition, I didn’t get a single dime from it. I proguess u are thinking now that if you can progress, kidnapping me to your Futchuku land and pirate its formula and codes by torturing me. However, that attempt will be like milk spoilt by pouring kerosene in it. Because it is built and operated on the string of codes made by sewing some innocent inaccessible poems of a few unheard poets >> the poems are stored only in a few libraries of Kolkata, Paris, Beijing, Berlin, Rome, Dhaka, Moscow, Tokyo, Istanbul, Cape Town, Sau Paulo, Washington, Melbourne, Santiago, Buenos Aires, Lima and London. Which only I can decipher as the maker. It will not operate with the touch of any other hand other than the brain movement and direction of me. In addition, if I’m forced to operate it, it will be shut down. automatically. & permanently. and will never open however u try. But if I tell / u will tell / Omni Pundit is telling tale.
== But me heard ago thou now doing a super machine name Nirvana?
== Horribilis! that news also tracked by you? That’s nothing only >> the advanced edition of the future Brazok. I don’t want to predict about its shape or qualities now in advance. If I wanna tell I’d tell that I can devaporate your planet sitting here. But if I tell / u will tell / Omni Pundit is telling tale. Therefore, whatever I’ve told u that is nothing but tale. Just gossip. You forget all. Whatever I told / is wrongly told/ bluff I told / don’t hold. Bayurbed is all bayu = air, u understand? All is air. All evapore in the air.
== Thou Romnis Pundit beholdeth, if thy no tell me more Bayurbed, I wouldst all tell media about hided Bayurbed. I tell paparazzi behind thy.
== Horribilis! You darn goof, don’t chatter your buffoon vocabulary, nay bocabulary. I warn u the result won’t be good. What if you tell them? Am I a famous man? So they are ready to chase me? Neither will the media find me usable to feed the public, nor can I lavishly waste my time for making me feedable to quench the curiosity of the media or public. On the contrary  Tikoonze, you will be nabbed. Because you being an extraterrestrial element. roving all over the world invisibly. a sinner with dreadsome weapons to harm the world. you’re moving like a senator but in fact a sinator. to be locked in a sinatorium.
Sin is like a mercuric disease
however you suppress
one day it will surface

....  And even if the media believe your gossip then also, I don’t wanna represent myself as the chicken for the curious media. As in that case when shall I get time to quench my own curiosity I like to venture?  I only like to do my work in peace in solitude. 
== What else is thou venture?
== That can't be divulged.
== For that now what do can me?
==.At first you let the sylvan caveman Dahuamano live in his own cave in the jungle atmosphere in his own way. Please do not try to make him civilized. That is an unwell uncivilized manner. That will evilize him. In that torture he will surely die out of disturbance and the environmentalists all over the world will not let you run—they will thrash you.
== But he live there alone how? what eat? Me shalt maketh Dahuamano a fashion model in skin wear from trees or animals. like the beautiful women and men models in fashion-wears. and take money.
== He won’t need fashion wear and money. The bird, beast, fish, fruits, and vegetation of that isle are yet to be exhausted. His food he will be able to collect. For the time being let him live alone until and unless— we get the full set of bones and skeletons of another human at a time there. If we get that we can reconstruct it and relive it as another cave wo/man. for which work I’ve kept u here in the world. Otherwise I’d have let u loose with your gang of looting hooligans and bullying bulligans.
== But driving all my associates from Earthstan except me, thou makes I left splintered alone here, Punditda.
== You b a good man. You’ll be accompanied by other wo/men soon. You don’t have to remain alone.
== What do me to b an man?
== Horribilis! That also to b taught thru distance learning on Brazok? For that you are to come to me in my time. As I too will have to work hard with you for that. Hei, Tikoonze, why are you distrait? Will you listen?
== Me tell. What do me?
== You’re leaving the isle before Dahuamano wakes up. However, before coming to me you’re going to Yam Hamelakh in the Middle East. Our relation with the Middle East has been very old. As over 2700 hundred years ago in 721 BC, while occupying Israel, the ancient Assyrians exiled 10 tribes from the area to Babylon. From there it is said one of the tribe splintered to Burma and from there ultimately sheltered in North Eastern India, where they were known as Kukis in Manipur and Mizos in Mizoram. Recently the tribe called Bnei Menashe from the North-East and Assam, identified themselves as the descendants of the Manasseh, one of the banished tribes of Israel. On invitation from the Government of Israel and the Zionist religious leaders, several groups of them immigrated to the land of their distant ‘forefathers’, being well trained on the Jewish language, religion and culture. 
== Yam Hamelakh, art that Dead Sea?
== Horribilis! Why, don’t you like the original Hebrew name instead of English? If you don’t, there is Arabic name Al-Bahr al- Mayyit. However, you will remain dipped under the water of the sea from 2 AM to next day 4 AM local time there. for total 26 hours >> fully dunked under the water. OK?
[Patch => The lowest elevation of land in earth is the Dead Sea ~~~~ 1300? below the sea level. whose deepest part is 2300? below the sea level. That time its length was only 34 miles × breadth was between 11 miles to 2 miles. The level of water reduced 1? every year due to overuse of its water by the seaside countries. So it is feared that if this rate of reduction of water continues, the sea might recede in the near future. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes].
== But we known nobody drown in Dead Sea. all float. Fish or nothing not live in that water!
== It’s correct. nobody dips in that water. all afloat. So if anytime I go there I lie afloat in the Dead Sea and read books there at ease. Because the stagnant water of the Jordan and from other areas, downstream into the lowest elevated part of the world’s Dead Sea. which is 6 times more saline than the waters of other seas. So no creature can live there, it is true. However, when some kinds of bacteria, algae and microbes can live there, so are you a creature of this earth that you’ll die? Rather apart from Earth, the creatures from any DoorStan, if they keep immersed into the Dead Sea for some time, their unsmooth skin will be smothered and their skin disease, bad germs, virus infection, foul smell &c will be revised to a great extent, though not fully.
== At Tel Aviv I shalt dip from what beach — Siesta or Ein Bokek or — ?
== Horribilis! Eh! Tikoonze, your Futchuku secret agency Futchuska is dangerous I see! They’ve supplied you this info also? But where you’re going, the Mosad agents are not any lesser expert. If you disembark at dark night in any beach invisibly, their ultramod high sensitive gizmos will sniff that. So either from Israel or from Jordan. However, you may go to Jerusalem first. The 3 thousand year ancient city. There you will find the pilgrims places of Judaism, Christianity and Muslim religions >> and it will not be far from that sea. From where you will choose a lonely part of the sea and dunk there as I’ve directed.
== Me interested not in any of your religion or gods hither. We’ve our most big big gods thither in our planet. I anything more do?
== Oh sure. From Dead Sea you’re coming to Africa. which spot I’ll tell you later. there. at 12 am local time. There’s a large pond. it’s water rich in mineral ingredients. there the beasts then prowl to drink water. there you will drink water with them and take a thorough deep bath. So that the bad influences, bad breath, faults and the violent, aggressive, vicious traits and habits in you of the DoorStan star will be partially washed out of you. and the worlden human values will be induced into you   s l o w l y. This is the first step for you to be turned to be a man. 
It takes no time to be diluted in water
It takes much time however
to be absorbed in a society

The next step to commence after you come to me.
== But what the beasts there think who I?
== (Aping) w-h-o I? They will think another animal Equis Africanus—ass have come to drink water, what else?
== But name of the pond in Africa?
== {Omni Pundit’s menternal mutterance >> Hum, I disclose the name of the pond now to you, and you milk the info of the name, location, and the nutritious chemical composition to your alien pirate skygoons. I’ll pour kerosene in your milk!} First you get into Africa by that time. Then you’ll receive all the directions on your body screen.
== I anything more do?
== Horribilis! Oh, I have forgotten. Bring me about 1 kg salt of Dead Sea when you come.
== What do thou taking salt? Amazed Tikoonza’s query.
== Horribilis! What’s that to you to know, you darn Equis Africanus?
== Then thy tell I where when meet to thou?
== This Saturday at night, you are dipping in the African water body. Next day Sunday at 11 in the morning u’re seeing me at the BangaSudha tavern in Kolkata. In addition, remember to come in a man’s dress and countenance. So that none can suspect u.
== No, I be a woman.
== Ok, that will be done later. However, for this time you come in men’s disguise. You can know the reason for it when you reach here. No, wait wait wait wait a bit. You are coming to start an auspicious project. Let me first consult the auspicious time for the beginning
....  [Omni Pundit found on an almanac ==> (ad) too large giant sized tall red radish (ad).....hum Sunday sunrise at 5:33 hrs. sunset at 5:15 hrs. Birthday...no need pass....Death...no need pass...... good time to start work.... naming.... wedding..... Hum... no need … pass...... Yatra >> yea >> ... to the west central direction prohibited. not to start after 12:02 hrs. in the noon.....  Hum... the favorable time > in between 11:45 to 2:50 at noon and the most auspicious time >> in between 3:36 to within 4:22 daytime....no more needed. (Ad) too large giant sized tall red radish (ad). Closed the almanac].
== Yes got it. However, not at 11 o clock —> the favorable time that day is between 11:45 to 12:02 hrs. just within that time you are entering into the BangaSudha. you will stay there utmost just before the end of the most auspicious time up to 4:20. Not more than that. Ok we’ll meet that day. That time. Positively. Without any miss. Now bon voyage >> no no you’re going to Israel. So to speak >> Derekh seleha..
== A scientist you rely almanac superstitious! Tikoonza Startled.
== Yes and no. Amazed? You can’t get me? You’ll understand later onwards. Omni Pundit abruptly shut down the screen show of Brazok on Tikoonza’s body, leaving him in the lark / dumping out in the dark



(((((((((()))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.3.48
Chapter 48: Run Rat Race


Omni Pundit’s Fizza 17
....  On the right day right time Tikoonza in the countenance and dress of a man, appeared in the BagaSudha restopub and found => Omni Pundit alone is crowning in a table with his glow. His unruly flying hair. A pot of Bangasudha brand liquor in the table. An open book. However, where his eyes are on, that can’t be presumed.
....  As soon as Tikoonza in the countenance of a man neared his table, Omni Pundit without staring at it said.=> Sit down Tikoonze. While dipping in the Dead Sea did anybody detect you? Now placing his kind glances at his visitor, as usual Omni Pundit bites pizza / guzzles a fizz / bubbles his fizza.
....  Tikoonza sat in the chair, kept the packet of salt of Dead Sea on the table, and answered: Right telled thou. When upping was I from the sea dipping 26 hours, I seen a Israeli commando guarding — she humming >> Avadim hainu ata, ata ... be Hebrew or another it, my default transversion failed to translate the low voiced humming, so no understand what meaning.
== It means >> We were slaves. Now we are free nation. Then go on, Omni Pundit commanded. 
== She doubt but no see me in dark.  I her little behind. She gone front. I that chance to Africa slip. Take thy this salt from Yam Hamelakh. Tikoonza gave him the salt.
== Wow! This salt contains 35 minerals. will help me a lot in my research. I forgot to tell you to bring also some black mud of Dead Sea. If I had enough capital, I could be a rich guy just selling products of the Bayurbedic medicine and ointments out of the salt and black soil of Dead Sea. However for bringing this salt for me, thanks to you. Really you’ve done a cool job. Shalom—> Salutation! Well done >> kol hakavod! 
== Strange much! Kol hakavod — well done! Thou not call me bad beast Equus Africanus. Tikoonza amazed!
== O ass, not bad, this is just the scientific name of ass. Well, you aren’t ass you are a very good guy, ok? Really you’re looking smarter guy in this men’s wear, than the meeky Futchuku.
== No no. I be no man, but be woman. as the age of man gone out in earthstan. age of woman here is went roaring. So if I woman be, shalt get more power. Attraction. right and reservation. Me be an fashion model. heroin at Hollywood Bollywood. Many income. I be good famous. get prize. look gorgeous in fashionable wears like the model beauties. Tikoonza gushed.
== Horribilis! Oh sly guy. But now at least, if you hang out here and there in women’s attire, you will draw easy attraction and caught at ease. Because now in which errand you’re to move here and there, in that arena there’s generally fewer presence of women yet. After these works done by you, you will be clinically turned to a woman as per your choice, at ease now days in bayurbedic method. Nevertheless, you Futchukus are androgynous creatures. You can also live as a hermaphrodite human if you like. As today in the world the majority of people are men or women factually / but among them impotent are far greater in number actually. In addition, the coming age will be of the 3rd sex, when there will be the reigndom of the lesbie, gay, eunuch and transgender. In that age huge number of people will easily change their gender whenever they like. As they will like to experience the joy of living in the 3 genders in one life. but that is in future. Now before I manufacture you as a woman, I would like to examine first that if you have earned the capacity to adjust and adopt the characteristic physical, social, circumstantial, environmental and other finer qualities of humanity. If you can acquire, very well I’ll turn you into a woman.
== And if capable I not be? Tikoonza wanted to know.
== Horribilis! Then I’ll get you to deport from the world. You will have to return to your Futchuku land. OP’s beforecast.
== Oh, Punditda, thou mad be? No no >> I shalt here in earthstan be. work do for humen. Scared Tikoonza said worriedly.
== Horribilis! Eh, maddy, if u don’t be baddy, don’t wanna go, shall I bid u go? After raising you as human being, my purpose is to receive from you some of the higher and advanced scientific and techknowledgical expertize existing in your star and planet, for the benefit of humankind and flora and fauna of the world. However, before that I’ll have to know and examine the facts from you regarding the location, geography, scientific developments, history, economy, culture, rules and rituals, politics and policics of your place. In addition, exactly why you were sent to the earth? What are the things you were ordered to smuggle from earth to your place? What are the real economic, military and scientific strength and resources of your planet? In addition, what is the actual destructive power of your strategists and if they have the blackhand alliance with any other extraterrestrial multiworld super-duper powers? How lethal are your weapons of destruction? ...<< all these I’ve to know, analyze and examine at first.
== In that case best call me into an alone place.
== Horribilis! Do I call u ass— equus africanus without reason? In lonely place your monitoring bosses will try to kill you — and to lift the technology of Brazok, they won’t kill me now—but if I remain beside you, may be killed being misfired. However, in a crowded place if they target to kill you, many people might be butchered with you. There will be much ado in that case. In the enquiry, the monstrous motives of your planet will be revealized. The secret evil blueprint of your planet will be sully >> that your bosses won’t want to leak out. However, here in the ganjam of many people nobody will mark your conversation. Yet you can learn the dress dash, manners, etiquettes, partiquettes and the language. As my English is bad no doubt, but your Futchuku English or Funglish is the worst. your pronunciation is simply horrible.
== Why? I any and many language knoweth. Also English knoweth I very good. Talketh not I English with you?
== Horribilis! Shit, is that English? That is mechatransversed English. Here in Bangasudha u will be able to learn and speak the language well, with Bangla, following the conversations.
== I hidden come here ago, heard hard words such as: Advantechnohazardousmenternationaliberatarianism .. Hohenzollern ..I no understandeth them.
== Those you can’t understand now. Moreover, so that my friends can’t know your real identity and hear your mechanical hoarse voice—for that reason I’ve called u now, when they don’t come usually. When your voice and conversation will become like normal man then I’ll introduce you with all gradually. Yea, before that so that your introduction can be given to all necessarily and unnecessarily, you first need a very suitable name >> so that you can easily sail well everywhere.
== Why? a fine name havest I not —Tikoonza?
== Is the name Earthy man worthy? Eh?
== Then thou givest my goodest man name.
== Ok. Got it. Gotta name. You were whirling flying saucer on an errand. So from today let your name be Chakkar—also meaning whirling on errand. And your Title will be Chaki—also meaning saucer. So your full name henceforth is Chakkar Chaki (Whirling Saucer)! Moreover, since you’re neither Ms nor Mr, You’re Mx Chakkar Chaki. One day you will be famous for this name, if not for your actions.  How? Not a nice name?
== When get I under thine trap, then this good name must is.
== Great. Then let’s cheer to your new name—   Chakkar Chaki! 
....  Omni Pundit signaled only by raising his 2 fingers to the waiter Shukur standing not very far. Noticing that Chakkar got scarred. And wanted to tell OP>> oh Punditda, we art  strictured very not to eat any Bangla liquor. Nevertheless, Chakkar this time looking at his face, experienced the diehard cold unacquainted face of Omni Pundit, which he had not noticed before. The sharp eyes frowning him distinctly— slapping him intimatum that who is his real boss henceforth.
....  His well-known client OP’s choicest items were very familiar to the waiter Shukur. He served 2 pints of Sri Sri Kalimata brand bangasudha bottle in his table and uncorked. With sliced ginger, wet grams and snacks with a designer pizza for OP. Chakkar stared at a glance at Omni’s cold eyes. Omni signaled toasts to his new name. Chhakar uneasily raised the toast. Then emptied the bottle at one go. Omni’s look now became normal. The ice melted. His unuttered mutterance: 
The nail made from iron
had slept millions of years undermine
at last was pushed into a relationship
bonded with a plank of wood—
the consequence of dream of a sapling

== What say did you? Now introxicated Chakkar asked.
== I asked eh Tikoonze, sorry Chakkar, your bosses ordered not to guzzle Bangla. Why?
== They said it hard rude and crude much very very. Which I know now drinking. 
However, after guzzling another bottle Chakkar got uneasy first. then easy. then happy. happy. cool. cool. cheerful. elated. euphoric! extatic! Hu hu! abruptly Chakkar started humming in his own babbling Futchuku tongue. He was on singing spree >>
Rhythm – Jhinkookku. 9½  beat.
Hiku......(Burneth my chest)
Nusa......(Cracketh my face)
Huchi.....(All works drown)
Khisu.....(Everyone go down)
Liha........(No word store in belly)
Varu.......(Knoweth all silly)     
....  {Omni Pundit realized the effect of his medicine has kicked up. U spoiler, your bosses said rightly. No better med than this bangasudha elixir to pump out the truth from inside of you.}
....  Chakkar jumped rolling out => Uh, no word store in belly! Ok Punditda, did told thou I ~~>....boss beat me all time? Forced I labor without pay? We bond labor—they chosen us send to this far Earthstan. If in space way we die / none to pay / none to know / none to cry. Government compensation for us pocket the bosses.... 
<~~ Thou tell me guru, all this told thou I?
== Horribilis! All works drown / everyone go down? What’s your great work? To plunder all the wealth, rare creature flora and fauna, to slave well-built men and beautiful women, to smuggle to your country? In addition, before fleeing > to bang the world coiling with explosives like a super bomb < to accomplish all this?! However, be intimated, as long as this Romnis Pundit lives, it will be foiled / like kerosene in milk spoiled.
== (Now being fully tipsy and euphoric) Really Punditda, we ordered were to—to rob all the valuables and the most beautiful women. and going back time to blow Earthstan like a big time bomb < which no machine but Brazok sniff > so they order snatch Brazok you from. However, me not do their work. Then suspect they— if go back to Futchuku they brand I / be Earthstan spy. Me telled you all scoop news of them. Back going to Futchuku land with all germs of plague, pox, cholera, aids, bacteria, Ebola, Zika, radioactivity from Earthstan here to contaminate there. Therefore, they no allow me there go. before reach shalt kill me they. My friends who thou didst drive out from Earthstan tipped bosses. Oh Punditda, guru, thou save I please. I no go from Earthstan. In a stupor, scarred Chakkar’s solemn yell.
== Horribilis! Cool. Don’t scream, scum. Your husky pesky voice and babbling Funglish, other patrons here can hear. who will doubt you. Ok as long as I am here / you have no fear. You needn’t bunk out fro world. Just see by drinking bangasudha >> ye become the offspring of the  nectar of supreme joy. By this u see u do everything + u’ll have everything + yet u won’t have any addiction to anything. U’ll no more wanna destruction and killing culture aka killture. Your vicious aptitude will be ceased. You do one thing. Apart from guzzling bangasudha daily, after rising fro sleep at wee hours you practice vocal classical music in open voice. at least for an hour. going to a deserted place in the hill or seaside — avoiding any tracking from your planet. Only then your voice will be smooth.
== Vocal classical me donno.
== Horribilis! Whatta pity! what u know then? Ok, as for example in Bishnupuri style >> sa—re—ga—dha— Pundit hummed in a low voice to jazz up an instance to Chakkar.
== Again thou cursing I ga dha—ass? Stop thou bad whims. No learn I classical muzic. Pop doth no do? Scared by OP’s song, Chakkar was rebuffed / not at all interested.
== Horribilis! Pop will do. But your voice will remain like the husky sky pirate aka skirate. If people hear your mechanoisical voice they’ll take you for a ghost, suspect you. With the Baurbedic medicine I’ll give you, to moderate and modulate your voice you must do vocal classical. You have to practice your voice-training trimming lowering raising stretching playing toning fine-tuning top to bottom. Moreover, will it do being so dazed by Bishnupuri style? Next when you have to practice Karnataki, Lucknow, Gowalior, Varanasi styles what will u do? Then when your real shock therapy treatment starts to make you an Earthy worthy hearthy man, what will you do then?
== Electric shock gooder than this.
== Horribilis! Huh, goof, by shock u mean electric shock? This shock is the confluencing pressure shower of all the different subtle human quality and feelings. of thinking. senses. realizations. activities. Consciousness will be charged in your killer heart at a time through words of poetry. Therefore, by that charge— the habitual, brutal, blunt, uneven, isolated, splintered thought process within you will be steamrolled. into smoother even and humane thoughts. However, at first when u hear poetry u will think the ground under yr feet is dislodged. You are falling from the sky into a ditch. Rising again from the ditch you’re to be zeroed in the super sky. Hearing poetry at first I had have this kind of feeling. Suppose you are standing in a large public square, as in Bern—having several fountains like poetry. You wanna cross the plaza through the hurdles of showers >> abruptly all the fountains of poems drench you. The showers stop. Again you’re taking chance to cross the square. but abruptly the sprayers of poetry become active to drench your body and mind. You no more wish to harm the world. You will love this world. You won’t like to leave this world. That subtle feeling only poetry can bestow upon you. As where the poet can go, the sun cannot go.
== Chakkar worried >> whom poetry thy sayeth?
== That was an erratic poet. I knew him. But nobody knows him. A splinter like you. secluded. Once on roaming he reached Biswapur, a small hamlet. if he is anymore anywhere I donno. He sang several poems to us in the Sweetheart hotel. and Tea Circle cafe. His bunch of poems, which he himself discarded, I took from him. This is just one. Hear attentively. Omni Pundit read out:
R u n  R a t  R a c e

Caving in distrait may you muse
this is the end.  no more futile wandering
What is the result of writing?
In Pandora’s box of world funtertainment mart
what is the value of poetry?

As entertainment is rented antic
in the rentertainment mart
to be popular it demands to be
more or less melodramatic

Is poetry for eating rubbing yarning or earning?
Yet you can’t + won’t stay but write & stray
Anyone reads or not  you’re writing
hears or not you’re saying
grasps or not you’re depicting & epicting
knows or not  the mockery goes on
you’re disturbing it moving to and fro drifting
1 does or not, spoiling the life for poetry
enroot to rout, not as dude but a dud, a doom
you're stomaching your devastated fall!

Not so easy you dam goof!
Life is like a complex move of chess
know even the chess players on Swiss street
You spoil play dispelling elephant horse king ting
as you don’t fathom the value of contest
You don’t know how to cross fountains in a square
Seeing the sporadic elfin water sprayer stopped
you cross it hastily and drenched outright
that joyous kids playous bikini babes easily cross

Nay now where’s the scope and time to feel?
Right time’s now for 5 basic wild senses thrive
No place for the 6th one to strive
Time machine trackbacks to precivilization
Now to born = to kickstart struggle
up to booking the place for the final rest
Now all is valueless sans the consumables
What cannot be consumed is not a commodity
What is not a commodity cannot be of validity
What is not for buy and sell is for nobody
Yet you wait with unsold beauty joy feeling love
history principle art humanity sanity….  pity
that packet first, to pocket by consumers at last
otherwise you are a scrap rot

But yes ~~> money funny.. consumables oilery..
polished young models..arms & ammunitions 
promoter..agent..jockey..filmstar..divas & dudes
gambling..horrorists.. sinister minister.. sychophants
mod gadget fads.. hi decibel noise
huntertaining dhamaka.. chuck out hungama
funtasy  hip hop haps.. <~~ all have hi value
Start with the chart buy buy
add to your cart or else bye bye

Run rat run for fun
If late you won’t get if stocks outrun
If late lord Ganesh will turn turtle
If you can butter ye may get the milk better
left out after taken by the lord Ganesh
Spray magic sacral censed ash of the lord
If you can dictate hardcore diktat to clash riot
then the craze of media to grab bytes will race
You can’t go on world safari on wet cat’s back
For that you have to know the way, have cash
But you have no cash no way
grazing on glazy city road sloppy as fallen leaf

To boss, base first as an adulator of the big boss
Nobody can depreciate you
Be first seeker > to liker > to licker > to sucker
then > to xxxxer you mention
Be a footlicker of duce in populist mobocracy
to milk being the creamy layer
None will be able to stop you

To be a leader to climb up the power ladder
apply the formula to win votes:
1. Manage clout to enter in the biggest front.
2. Be ace buff = supremo’s pup.
3.Surround the smoke of fake sops.
4.Cut dues for masses to etch out quota
to nail caste & religious clout voters.
5 Dole out freebies to clout voters taxing masses.
6. Fan the fanatic voters on caste faith grounds.
7.As secularism = tuck horror horizons & duck else.
8. Trick opponents vote by toughies.
9. Pet carpetbagger meantellectuals to crow for you.

You can’t master this chemystery? go to docks
If fire breaks you won’t be able to save home
Rather collaborate with the looters
who burn houses & bazaars to clinch the pie
Will you be able to resist the outbreak of deluge?
Rather join the party who plans toxin and flood
Then posing as a savior and giver
throw eat & wear on shy voters’ face from sky
the ballot box will over swell
Dry gospels even toucheth not the thieves
Rather in fake savior’s attire in rearly areas
lure converting people to your faith

These vital mocktales won’t enter in your head
2 calves of goat suckling milk
& you’re jumping  gratified even not getting
being the 3rd calf
For you felicity is in dream.  peace at last rest

As today in this untime
not beauty but glam esteems
not joy  but rentertainment esteems
not fruitfulness but success esteems
not creation  but aping esteems
not humanity but money esteems
not happiness but funsation esteems
not freedom but fundom esteems
not discovery but replication esteems
not book but cover esteems
not product but container esteems
not competence but sycophancy esteems
not efficiency but eloquence esteems
not diligence but tactrickery esteems
not body but fashion esteems
not love but sex esteems
not labor of love but fling esteems

Caving in distrait may you muse
this is the end.  no more futile wandering
What is the fruitility of writing?
In Pandora’s box of world funtertainment mart
what is the value of poetry?
Is poetry for eating rubbing yarning or earning?
Yet you can’t + won’t stay but write & stray
Anyone reads or not  you’re writing
hears or not you’re saying
grasps or not you’re depicting & epicting
knows or not  the mockery goes on
you’re disturbing it moving to and fro drifting
1 does or not spoiling the life for poetry
enroot to rout, not as dude but a dud, a doom
you're stomaching your devastated fall!



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.4.49
Chapter 49: Settlers at Vudeep


Future Fixture
== Now you’ve imminent issues to deal with — seeing the longitude and latitude, location and position of your island, it seems it will take at least a month for the pirates to come back to reattack you. Returning from their base on the South China Sea, with their full fleet of armors. Am I right? Omni Pundit wished his observation to be verified by Nabik-Nova.
== We also fear that problem. Nova replied.
== Problem?
View a problem as a propertunity
to fix the flaw & claw and reassess
how to tackle future greater crisis

OP paused.
As in this situation > either before the backlash you have to shift yourself with all the hidden treasures to some other place, or stay where you stay and repulse their mighty attack by yourselves. Nabik, suppose with the state of the art boat you still possess, you drop Nova back to her home in Singapore again with all her gold and wealth, and you come back to India. However, the most haunting question is that where Nova shall live? She cannot stay there alone in the Island to be hounded by the prowling pirates again. She cannot go to live alone, without any near relative in Singapore, at the mouth of the den of the butcher pirates. And she cannot be brought to live in India as a child and without any legal guardian and necessary papers. Omni Pundit placed the most relevant problem.
....  Nova worried again => No, Romda, I won’t go back to Singapore now with all the huge amount of treasures, as they will easily rob everything and abduct or kill me. And I can't live there alone as my father is no more. 
Romda assured her => We told you not to worry, Nabik’ll be always beside you, and me from far always connected to you, until and unless you are out of the woods. But always remember — 
Everyone’s path at last is only his/her

However, here still we will find some solution. Yes, there's every possibility to be hounded, even if you aren't robbed on the way to Singapore. Moreover, you've boat, but not that much fuel that you can voyage to as long distance as Singapore or India. + a single boat fully loaded with all your treasures in a single trip can't carry all that mound of wealth. And no passenger or cargo ship ever goes to that distant place where your isle is located. As the nearest big city from your isle is Cape Town, might be over 3000 miles. Places near to you are Madagascar, Seychelles, Mauritius, and Maldives. Kandy, Anuradhapura, Male, Perth; and the nearest Indian soil are Vivekananda Rock at Kanyakumari, all thousands and thousands of miles away. Your nearest soil is Antarctica on the Southern Ocean. So when you can't shift yourselves within a month finding a suitable place for you to live, the only option is to stay there in the isle and repulse the attacks from the armors of the harmers with gutsism. Am I right or wrong? 
== Right. Nevertheless, is it possible to foil their massive attack and save ourselves?  How? Nova doubted their situation as always adverse or badverse.
== Don’t don’t worry. Our situation is adverse no doubt, Romda admitted, but —

Kite flies high..........<>
in adverse  winds.../
else it crashlands /

== Feasible to repulse the attack only if we have a Brazok here, as you have with you. Nabik's anticipation. How can we get it?   
== Will you be able to manufacture Brazok in your isle, if I show you the simpler process how to do it?
== Why not? But how to get here the necessary spares and machineries and tools to make it? Nabik thinking. 
== That’s it. You’ve to make it there from the scratch, which is available there. I’ll guide you how to from which to make it. also because if you can’t make it indigenously there using our own bayurbedic techniche, and use based on other’s techtricks, soon it will be copied again and available in the bazaar. Always remember your condition is that you’ll have to make there everything you need there, as none will be there to help you. Otherwise, how will u contact me and communicate with the world in case of emergency? How will you monitor the ships passing far and near and defeat and defect the invaders— without being detected by the pirates or the watchers from the above and aliens— surreptitiously watching your each & every step in crucial moments of your lives? As the vulture who is prying and waiting for the death of the child from atop the adjoining tree, when the mother is crying for her dying child:
The mother is weeping and praying
if god save her dying baby
the doctor has failed to heal

From the treetop nearby  ~!~
eagerly prying the vulture
when dies the baby hereby!

== But apart from Brazok, there’re are several other things we need now here. How to get these? Nabik’s cerebration.
== Yes, apart from this you make a list of the articles you both need immediately for living there. I’ll send Chakkar to your island with those articles, with also some toolkits and plants and herbs which will be needed to start a bayurbedic hub there like: Mints, Asoka, Aloe vera, Crocus sativus, tomtatino, wheat grass, ajwan, ginger, Myristica fragrans, pepper, Vanilla planifolia, Chia, Neem, Chandan, Wood apple, almond, Sojne, Tulsi, Ritha, mango, fenugreek, turmeric, clove, saffron, Hing, Brahmi, Pudina, Ashwagandha… apart from algae and some beneficial bacteria >> to detoxify the climate and environs there as well as for medicines in your isle or anywhere or may be in other planets or stars in future. Romda specific.
== Who's Chakkar? How he’ll come? And why not send Brazok with him? Nabik inquisitive.
== Chakkar Chaki was an extraterrestrial entity, from a spinning flying saucer, an alien sky pirate = skirate, previously named Tikoonza. Brazok can’t be sent with him now, as he’ll rob it, which will endanger us. I caught the skirate red handed, while he was about to rob the Brazok, along with the world’s valuable treasures and harm the world. Now I’ve contained to tame him, and as contamed I’ve deployed him in our Bayurbedic project works, renaming him as Chakkar Chaki, in the guise of a man. As an ex-alien, he possesses certain unique technizant abilities which wo/man still do not possess.  He can come and go anywhere invisibly in moments without being noticed by anybody and any machine. and possessing demonic mechanizant qualities et al. I will tell you later in details how to tame, contain or contame him. We will have to keep him under strict vigil until and unless his criminal inclinations are corrected by our bayurbedic treatment. At this moment, he is a versatile necessary evil. Another thing. The image of your island as captured by Brazok, senses that there is much more treasure hidden underground nearby, apart from which Nova's father had stored it in the cave. Therefore, you send me all the data + images thoroughly in minute details.
== Yes Romda, there is a cave, which Nova and his father mentioned as Indicave. where a sitting skeleton, clad perhaps in ancient Indian worn out attire with turban in head, has been located. In front of him on the right side wall is sums, a strange coded calculation inscribed on a corner. Scribbled in some ancient Indian alphabets. which might point out some hint to his name, locations and who knows what it had meant, probably could not be decoded by any pirates before! I thought if you could decipher it? Nabik’s info.
== I also had presumed that. However, send me the full data + images. I’ll have to analyze to decode it. But  I wonder  how you’re surviving there sans basic articles?
== We’ve got food and most of which we need here. We already had the basic infrastructure here, done previously by my father. Only those were covered by heaps of growing weeds and jungles. Then this time we brought ample food and the other goods from Singapore, as dad himself considered necessary for living here permanently. Nova assured Romda.
== Drinking water?
== That also we brought many bottles. also had a pond of natural water, which we dug previously. Now we’re clearing and weeding it out. Nova reported.
== And when the bottles will exhaust? Romda not yet satisfied fully.
== I premember your process how to desalinate seawater into drinking water, as you formulated. Using that formula we’ll treat the saline water accordingly to get drinking water. Don’t worry. Nabik ensured him.
== Then this is all for now until I get the images and full report on this isle from you in minute details. I’ve to go now. Romda exited from the dialogue.  
....  Getting the images from Nova and Nabik and deciphering it after several days, Romda called them back, decoding the exact place of the mound of ancient hidden treasures, the storage of swords, spears, shields etc. arms and ammo, and a small collection of ancient books on dried palm leaves in some old Indian script.
== Have you got any clue about the skeleton man and the inscriptions in the cave? Nabik was boiling to know.
== A little. Solving the riddles in the scribbles inscribed on the cave wall in ancient Bangla alphabet, it is found that the skeleton man in ancient Indian merchant's attire was in the fashion of the 12th century AD in eastern India. His Name was Dhanaraj Sadagar. He named the island as Vudeep, as he had started his voyage from the city of Nabadwip in Gour, with his hillock of old gold coins, jewels and gems. Dhanaraj Sadagor had business with Egypt, Italy, Greece and the Arabs in the Middle East. He  probably voyaged touching the port of Saptagram, during the reign of the king Lakkhan Sen. 
== Dhanaraj Sadagor! Have read the name somewhere? Nabik precalled.
== Not at all. You’ve read Dhanapati Sadagor. And this was Dhanaraj Sadagor. Dhanaraj Sadagor, I presume, could be some distant ancestor of Dhanapati Sadagor, mentioned in the Manasamangal and Chandimangal.
== What more could you learn from the epicture of the scriptures?
== From the fragile palm leaf pages, I’ve made out finding its information tallying with the Adilpur Inscription, which focusses on the happenings of the Sen Dynasty rule. And this Dhanaraj Sadagor escaped from Nabadwip, fearing abduction and backlash by Bakhtiyar Khilji after his sudden invasion of Nabadwip. as Dhanaraj was in the closer circle of courtiers of the king, including the famous court poet Dhoyee. Leaving Nabadwip, he passed through then just budding port Saptagram. Dhanaraj was voyaging towards the port of Chattagram, to start his business there anew with the sea-faring merchants from different countries, with his fleet of 7 ships full of his family, merchandise, spices, muslins  and all the huge wealth. ferocious Bay of Bengal cyclones and pirates drowned most of his fleet. only survived 2 ships. one with him having most of the wealth and gold coins. and the other with his wives and children, which again separated and severed by fierce storm. Thereafter he could only perceive that he had already driven past Sinhala and propelled by the winds of his fate toward the deep south of the Indian Ocean, surrendering  his ship entirely at the mercy of fateful gigantic waves, high winds and whimsical weather. All his sailors gradually died out of hunger and thirst due to shortage of food, drinking water and sea-borne diseases. Only Dhanaraj Sadagor ultimately could survive to land in your desolate Island, which he named Vudeep, meaning World Island, remembering his native city Nabadwip. In addition, the coins you’ll find in the cave there I presume, could be those of the Gupta, Sashanka, Pal and Sen Dynasties’ reigndom. 
== But have you deciphered the exact location of the hidden treasure from the scribbles? Nova eager to know the ultifate of the treasures.
== I’ve  cracked the exact location of the inner cave where he had stored his hidden treasures. For the most part of the direction, I’ve found in the first form of Bangla alphabets, which now about a thousand years, are itself almost codes. To reach the spot of the gold haul you both mark attentively to follow my directives step by step 
...! Where Dhanaraj’s skeleton is seated in the inner cave of your Vudeep island, on the altar  just beneath his seat, remove the stone slabs cover on the hollow place 
...!! You’ll find the secret narrow burrow heading for about quarter a mile
...!!! That tunnel will end at a  natural creek filled with water linked with the tides of the sea. 
...!!!! When the tides get low you will have to dip there in scuba diver’s dress  which will lead you to the south mouth of a natural cave—whose roof and sidewalls get filled during the high tides.
...!!!!! So dive there during the low tides. On some of the surrounding circular walls, you have to minutely detect the engraved symbol of Flower in water 

((()))
//
~~~~~

where you will find it.
...!!!!!! There the final stone block is loose and false. Beware of slathering venomous serpents guarding over there. Carry some anti snake bayurbedic herb repellants  with you as I’ll tell you~~> so snakes will avoid you.
...!!!!!!! As you slide the stone slab cover to enter into there and find a mound of gold, valuable stones and diamonds which will glow with the flashlight of your head wear.
...!!!!!!!! You just keep the treasures there in safety from the prowling eyes now—even from the skies. As the prexperienced ex-pirate Zhang Xin himself could not find it for years living near to there, nobody will. until and unless you want it to carry out.
...!!!!!!!!! But attach now a very strong pass code to enter there. It'll be safer.
....  OP paused over to mull the duo kids do not know in what an exorbitant amount of money the gold haul can be sold in today’s market price rates of bullions……
== So should we try now to find it out? Nova wanted to know.
== Not now. Not before the bandit ruffian Wang Gangs are driven out. Also you’ll not find it now. As to pinpoint the exact location of the flower mark I’ll have to calculate it. by pulverizer.
== What’s it? Vedic Mathematics? which you had let me to practice? I can do it. Nabik eager to calculate it instantly.
== Some day you’ll be a great mathematician like Ramanujan. But it is different. It is pulverizer. made of that time algebra. I’ll show you. You will do it yourself, as if I solve it, you won’t learn the then mathematical procedure. For that I shall have at first to find the Book— Bramha-Sphuta-Siddhanta (628) by Bramha Gupta, so far believed to be the inventor of algebra,  Chapter 12 and 18. But the difficulty is that where to get that 6th century book  [[|]]
== Yes, I've heard that book where Bramha Gupta said about the gravitation of earth more than thousand years ahead of Isaac Newton that >>  "A body falls towards the earth as it is the nature of the earth to attract bodies just as it is in the nature of water to flow."
And this theory was later explicated by Bhaskar II in his book Surjya Siddhanta in 1150.
== Then? Nova was disappointed hearing the ancient book not available.
== Ancient Indians invented many such things important for the human civilizations, but we lost all due  to our lackadaisical carelessness, which were plagiarized by others and claiming the credit that it is they who had invented those things.  Romda absorbed into mute mode to cogitate: 
....  [Patch => Yi Xing (7th-8th century) the well known Chinese mathematician, as well as the Arab mathematician Al Khwarazami, from whose name the word algorithm has been emanated, all knew the relevant Indian and Sanskrit mathematical texts. Iranian Mathematician traveler Alberuni was in India in between 10th – 11th century. He knew Sanskrit and helped other Arab mathematicians to learn it from Indians. The book was translated in the 8th century by the Byzantine and Arab mathematicians and spread thereby. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes].
....  Still, there’s a way, OP added => So I’ll find it somehow from some big library and send you the problem to calculate along with the scuba diver’s dresses and directions with Chakkar. Wait till then. Do the other works needed there immediately.
== What should be the priority to do now immediately?
== The most important thing is to decide first that, both of you will equally own the hill of wealth—after you recover the treasure of Dhanaraj Sadagar from the vault under water. However, apart from that Nova, what  was your adopted father's wealth, the huge amount of gold and ornaments, acquired through piracy illegally, you solely had inherited it. Even if you spend lavishly, you will not be able to spend the mountain of money in your whole life. Though with this huge wealth—you have also invited the grave danger for your life. Now you decide what you want to do with your huge wealth. We'll do as you wish. Romda emphatic. 
== What I'll do with those gold coins? Here I can't spend it. as here is nothing to buy and sell. Nor could I barter the gold coins here. Now I’ll also own the half of  Dhanaraj Sadagor’s wealth with Nabik as you say. Nabik has decided to stay here only for the sake of me.
== Is it, Nabik? Have you thought enough the pros and cons of living there, being entirely disconnected from the rest of the world? And also forsaking your bright future waiting for you here?
== Yes Romda. I’ve thought well. In addition, the future as I think here in Vudeep, is brighter for me than on other places. Because only from here it’s possible for me to research for scientific inventions better independently, pursue our projects and voyage to other planet. Not only that. I want to stay here for Nova also, who saved my life. And what better reason for me to spend the out of the blue mountain of wealth that I’ll be going to acquire with Nova — than spending it for the betterment of the world — and discovering another habitatmosphere for the future humans and flora and fauna on the space? As a poor parents’ son, who didn’t have 2 meals a day, my personal needs are very little. Nabik looked firm to confirm Romda of his decision.
== And Nova what about you?
== I can't repay Nabik for this sacrifice for me. So I wish I will work with him from here over his dream space project, which is your brainchild—that I’ve heard in details from Nabik—you have been cherishing for long.  and spend the money for the project aiming for the well-being of a better world and its humanity and the environs. you guide and help us to be educated enough— and acquire proper knowledge needed for the dream project. Nova’s emphatic decision.
== I'm very happy to hear it from both of you. You may lack knowledge now but not imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge, as Einstein said. So? Acquire which you require. I will help you whatever possible from distance with everything needed by you, and what I deem necessary to grow you up acquiring the required knowledge to attain your dream. Nevertheless, I'm not yet convinced with you over it. As simply out of gratitude to Nabik, you wanna do the project? But later if you sulk and withdraw from the project, I with Nabik will be in jeopardy. So Nova, take your time. Nabik, Think over again if you yourself are really still interested about it, and if you really like the project. Otherwise, from that far shore where no ship no other transport is nearly improbable to get, still I will take you out of Vudeep to here in future somehow. So that later you don’t have to regret that, it’s I who persuaded you to stay there, forsaking your probable successful career here or abroad. So that later you don’t have to regret for your own decision after facing any future failures and adversaries there.  No hurry. Both of you now just in your teenage. Tell me next time your decision. We will do as you wish it accordingly. Romda cautioned them again.
== But do you recall once what you yourself said to me regarding success or failure?
Success & failure to you mean
only if or not you’ve been
able to reach your goal aptly in time
and not as per any other yardstick
set by others’ treat or trick

Nabik reminded him. Romda was unable to negate. Nabik’s addition: Besides —
The purpose of life may be
not only the quest for success
but also the culmination in
accomplishment & selfulfeelment

Romda was unable to eat back his quotes of the poet.
== Still Romda, when you’re cautioning us repeatedly, we’ll reconsider it. And let you know next time. Cogitating Nova’s slow response, as if she was silently recovering from a distant hangover.



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.5.50
Chapter 50: Barred World Blurred


Fighting Scenarians
....  The scenario => The old woman pointing her pistol at her husband. The old man pointing his pistol at his wife at the same time. Alarm rang clocking the timer:
The husband screamed =>: Shoot Me!
The wife screamed: Shoot me, Shoot me! 
....  They fired at each other. at the same time. While the man’s fire hit his target woman. The wife’s fire missed her target man. As a result, the old man was to live in the prison, in psychic disarray.
....  A few months later the visiting psychiatrist Doel De checking the prisoners, was at a loss to discover the old man as her patient. Before coming here, she had often seen this almost immobile retrogenarian Ryan Martin sitting beside his old wife, who was driving their car and filling fuel at the gas station near their locality.
== Hi Ryan, how are you doing? The young psychiatrist greeted the octogenarian prisoner seated in front of her.
== Me?
== Whom else here? Have you any problem?
== Yes, I've, he said, that's why I'm here—to tell u my problem.
== Ok, tell me from when started this problem?
== What problem? He asked back the psychiatrist Doel De.
....  Suffering from forgetfulness, Ryan Martin could remember some of the distant past events, often mixed up with imaginary incidents that didn’t happen, yet cannot remember which happened in the immediate past.  Mr. Martin didn’t seem to be sick. He was smiling, and cooperative and yet quite capricious. However, while thinking and talking he lost the string of thought, even creating stories. And could not reconnect. He sometimes became paranoid, nightmarish and suicidal. with PSTD syndromes. De tried to let him recall his problems to tell her. But in vain. The happenings locked in the grey areas of his memory, could not be retrieved as of then and there…… Rather a grey squirrel…from the memory tree descended and began to run back and forth here & there… on the open parking space and down the grasses… under the large maple trees beside their condo… His wife Martha feeding the squirrels throwing grains of corn beneath the tree. Click. zoom onto the perfect past. glow on & dim off on Ryan’s face...
....  Cut to another time on their honeymoon trip to Latin America, the Martins went to fishing at Titicaca lake in Peru-Bolivia … the sharp-tooth mischief piranha fish abruptly did bite her forefinger. she cried in pain oozing blood: O Ryan! and quickly dragged back her finger. Nevertheless, the faded mark of the fish-bite remained until the day of her death, which he did notice after he had shot her. Oozing the same blood in the recent past she fell down sitting by the wall, and murmured for the last time: Thank you Ryan—for all the happy life we lived together—and for letting me go selfishly before you—though you wanted me to shoot you at the same time —but forgive me I couldn’t kill you. just I misfired. On our very first meet, I bade you to misfire— as you had wished to shoot the birds, so you missed. but this time I have wished you to shoot me—and you haven’t missed. I’m going to meet our son there—waiting for me. I shall wait for you there, C-o-w-b-o-y! Then she went in mute mode forever like the sitting mummy woman they had seen at a Peru museum. => That time he had mulled as if the woman sitting for him to meet after centuries! Could the mummied woman ever think that I’ll come to look at her after hundreds of years!
....  Presently he was ruminating => Martha, you made me live alone.  this is the only time at the end of our happy lives—when you ignored my wish and our mutual agreement to shoot each other at the same go. as we thought, we had reached the saturation point of our life together with full satisfaction and happiness. in addition, neither of us could bear to live alone sans the other— which was not possible in case of natural death of either of us before the other. As this is inevitable.
Everything cared shared fared
at last is spared and forsaken for good

We will be forsaken by the world where we lived. We saw ourselves —our longtime friends Felix and Alka died one after the other. First, we heard Felix died out of heart attack. Then Alka was alone. She died after a few years of Felix’s death, out of prolonged illness. And there was nobody to look after her….
....  Yet it seemed it all happened only that other day, when Martha, friends and I had arranged the blind date for Alka and Felix at a party hang out…
Alka was then in her twenties. She shied out a little of the boys of her age and range— for choosing the right bright partner. Therefore, her friends took her to a party on a blind date one day. Her friend Martha assured her =>: Don't worry, you'll find your suitable partner here, even may be from the land of your birth Poland.
....  Alka Borowski was introdued to Felix Weiss. At the dinner. On the candlelit table buttered a layer of dreamcream emitting  the fragrance of bygone days in their left out land. 
== My family migrated here from Poland more than a decade ago. Nie mówie dobrze po polsku. (I can't speak Polish well).  Alka informed.
== Where from? Warsaw? Quizzed Felix.
== No.  Krakow. Been in Poland?
== Heard that place. Tho never been there. I too from Poland.
   The language changed to Polish.
== You from Warsaw? Alka asked.
== No, it was a Nazi concentration camp. I was a detainee. Said Felix.
....  Alka's eyes simmered in the soft candle light searched something deeply into his face, then as if from the past slowly sauntering => Then you were lean and thin. malnourished. melancholic boy of 13?
== Just right. Strange! how u knew? Felix inquisitive.
== But is it not stranger that you could survive from there? How was the concentration camp life? Alka asked.
== Fantastic! In the morning  breakfast. with it coffee or chocolate. in the lunch  soup, meat and tart.  in the afternoon  coffee, cake. then play. have a nap. watch movie. then sumptuous dinner at night. He laughed.
== You’re joking! Was it so? I remember that time my pal Moritz on returning home from there for a few days, had said otherwise. 
== Right. I too knew Moritz. Nevertheless, did you know, for saying that he had to return to the camp, for not to return home ever? He smiled sadly, gliding to the past horror.
She changed the pitch => Can you recall then a little girl of 11 used to give u a green apple? each day. from outside the fence. That apple she preserved each day for you. from her tiffin? Alka added.
== Yeah, and I used to walk each day with the girl from inside the fence of the camp, until hounded by the guards. Oh, those were my only bright moments in those horrific days of the smell of torture & death. but how could u — ?
== And one day you told her, you do not have to come here from tomorrow as you’re going to be bundled out to another concentration camp probably to be vapored. Alka precalled. 
== Right. and I thought then I am going to die in the holocaust. before death if I could see the girl just for once! But even today, it’s a great wonder to me that I am still alive in good health—in another country— that too in front of that very girl I'm dating with right now!!! Felix grabbed her hands >> That very Alka? Right??
== Whom else you thought? It took u so much time to trace back my face? I have recognized you Felix, at the first sight this time. Holding hands, they would look at each other for quite some time like in movies.
After the hangover  Alka => Really, truth is stranger than fiction! Now quit my hands. Martins and friends are enjoying our scenerama from the other tables.
== Let 'em see-n-joy. They are enjoying not unjoying. It is for them that we could meet here again by chance after so many years! When after 12 years I have got back these hands, I won’t let the chance to slip away any more, swearing forever to hold these hands till death doth us part.
== That sounds a bit melodramatic here. Solemn this in right time in proper place. It will befit to hear there……
....  Result => The deal sealed on that night. that moment. to let them promote themselves to the status of wife & husband. 
....  Yet that death doth them part after their long conjugal life—a few years back from that time, that the Martins noticed. 
....  Martins also watched the fate of their neighbor Ms. Meyers, the old woman was living alone in her apartment. They saw as she could not walk each afternoon she used to move out on the street in her wheel chair cart tied with a rope pulled by her dog. Lastly  when she was ailing, she could not move even from her room to restroom. 1 day she fell down in the restroom. Her cry for help did not reach outside and rested in the restroom. Seriously injured she remained immobile in the restroom floor senseless. Her pizza delivery woman banged the door for the last 3 days. Then the kindhearted pizza woman thought her old customer either have died or—? Nevertheless, when most other persons would have let it ignored, she called the neighbors who had no idea who lived the next door. The Martins also did not know the old woman. However, they came and the dying woman was sent to the hospital. The morale of this story moved them to figure out that in case of normal death, both of them cannot die at the same time. Moreover, whoever dies ahead of the other, the latter have to live alone and get the emotional shock of death of the beloved partner, as well as face the practical difficulties of living alone at the very ripe age having no other issue. … As their only child had died prematurely at his school premises with some other schoolmates, shot dead by some headstrong gunman. Just before few days of his death, their son Sean left home for school, after the end of his holiday, when Ryan found the turtle with the inscription of the name SEAN on its back, which was inscribed by the toddler Sean 12 years ago— when he used to pet this turtle. Then 1 day it disappeared and they could not find it. 
....  One day suddenly Ryan saw the turtle came back after 12 years in their garden nearby the forest. Could the turtle presence the ensuing death of Sean? Ryan phoned his son and informed him about its return. Sean was delighted to hear it back, but decided not to give it more trouble in human contact. And asked his father to let it set free in a lake or sea. Therefore, Ryan went to a nearby lake and let the turtle swim back to freedom… In the end, the Martins  mutually consented to shoot at each other to end their lives at the same time. Moreover, they had no regret to take this hard decision. As in their life together, each and every wish of the couple were definitely fulfilled. For full satisfaction, no posture from Kamasutra left untried by them repeatedly.
Nevertheless, he assumed then…..
Nobody should get all s/he wants
Else, it will meet the saturation point soon
to drastically reverse the earlier gain

....  Now at the distant past he looked back from afar…. As long ago the duo had looked down with wonder at the ancient enigmatic Nazca lines on the ground in Peru, from the plane above—as he wondered now with sheer disbelief and looked at the lines—in his 2 hand’s palms with utterly occult fate lines—no less enigmatic than the Nazca lines to ponder >> incredible!  this was   h-i-s   life! 
....  Nevertheless, he cerebrated now which part of his life is less strange! Once with the nation, they were also moved on the happenings of the Attica State Prison Assault from outside. The irony now, he himself is inside of a prison. He lamented why didn’t he miss his target to shoot Martha, as Martha recalled when she died, it was the first time he missed the target to shoot a bird, when they had met each other… 
....  Those heady days he was at his ancestral Mississippi farmhouse land, acquired from the native Indians, where he was raised in his childhood until early youth years...where in his schooldays he was trained by his dad to drive tractor, to milk cows, to till land ... and repairing of tools and machines of the farm. They had poultry and raised gaming chickens who were trained to fight with other fighter chickens. The roosters  were free to access all over their 4000-acre farmland, until they were roasted for the parties, including wedding parties in the farmhouse barn, where fountain of free flow of wines, mountain of food, and  surmounting dancing streamed. They raised cattle, horses and an orchard. They grew corns, onion, garlic, jalapeno, avocado, blue berry, strawberry… When child labor laws were not adhered, he worked dawn to dusk on school holidays to make enough bucks. Years later when due to government regulations and to accede to the demand of more people requiring more accommodation, farms were no more economically so much profitable, the area of many of the farms began to reduce and sold out to the developers. His dad switched their profession over to developing, leasing and realty business, beginning with their own farmland holdings. gradually their business swelled. they made considerable fortune. Their concern got listed in American stock market.
....  However it was the childhood and the earlier youth days in the Martins’ farmland that stamped deep impression on him for lifelong. He still missed his sunny days. at their farmhouse. barn…the scent of the soil. of grass. noisy frogs' singing after the rain. the smell of corns. of of haystacks. of of of weeds. of of of of cattle. of of of of of horse hoofs…! Then they got the smell of horse when their staked horse the Seattle Slew won the racing and got Triple Crown…That wild youth times he even dreamed crazily to go to Nevada, Arizona or New Mexico to find a strong built up wild horse from there and raise it for horseracing! 
....  Lastly, he got the smell of horses outside the Central Park in New York where that time there used to park horsecars for hire… Nevertheless, by that time he had nearly lost most of his fortunes in Belmont and Kentucky Derby races. He did not have any news of the Kentucky Derby after they left horse baiting from the wealthy spectator’s box of Millionaires Row at Churchill Downs. [Patch => The much-hyped Greatest 2 Minutes in Sports, Kentucky Derby then occurred annually at Churchill Downs Louisville, Kentucky, in front of about 150,000 race lovers, screaming for win of their fav ranked horses.
* Ranks and points subject to change. Learn more.  Bet Here.  Source: Wanderer’s wordrobes.]
....  After the huge losses, Martha bade him goodbye to the world of horse races. In addition, to quit the horse racing habit to lose more money, she channeled him to take part in motor racing. In motor racing locally, he could not win beyond third position. Moreover, on one racing, he was splintered out of his car (it was alleged to have been dashed by one of his fellow rival racers, but couldn't be proved), fatally hit in the head causing some damage of the brain. Today’s partial memory loss could have been sequenced from that brain-hit that time— after which he had to give up his desire to take part himself in car racing also. However, long before that? Rewind?...
....  One afternoon in his early youth, he was riding on horseback. wearing the attire and a hat and boots as of a cowboy—as he had seen in movies of John Wayne, Clint Eastwood or Garry Cooper— across their farmland to hunt wild ducks. that flew each year seasonally that time— from the far mountains over to their farmland trees and marshes. That day when he aimed to shoot at the flock of white ducks from distance, suddenly a young  girl in white long gown jumped over abruptly >> as if out of nowhere from the bushy jungles >> in between the white birds and his gunpoint. which diverted his aim. he missed his target for the first time in his life. He quickly came to her and charged: Look Babe! for you I missed the target and the birds flew away! Get lost.
== Hey Cowboy! the birds flew away. rightly done. they should! The brazen girl clapped and laughed poking at him making faces >>> You nearly killed me! but could not / now sure shot / instead of birds /  shoot me, shoot me! She screamed. Her wide blue eyes teasing him in full of fun! The crazy girl stood in front of him in a rose pose as if a Greta Garbo. After more than a half century just before her death, she also screamed at him for the last time like her very first meet with him: Shoot me, Shoot me! He regretted only had he missed his target like that day on their very first meet—she could not fox him leaving in the wilderness for good now. He deeply mourned his single life without his wife. In the trial, he pleaded himself guilty and prayed to be executed as soon as possible. He could not forgive himself killing his wife. 
....  However, the judge and all concerned were probably mulling otherwise as an unable & disabled person in ripe old age, he may not be awarded the execution he wanted. 
In old ages often
when you do not feel unable or disable
the common perception
makes you unable or disabled

....  He reflected. Yet, he won’t pray for the judge’s or anyone’s mercy or sympathy. which was just intolerable to him. Still, as a gaolbird waiting for the verdict, he felt he has at least a negative solace that in prison, where he wished to end his last journey and from where he didn’t want to be released even for medical treatment.  as there, he’d not have at least to live alone amongst many other inmates and die uncared for. though the government has to spend more than the double for the old gaolbirds..….. Then his only work in prison was to muse over their crimson days of conjugal life of bliss—while contemplating for his own coveted death to appear near at the soonest— to meet his dear son and wife again. and if there were any rebirth— he would prefer to be born in the same farmhouse and have the same wife + the same son! He mulled himself churned like A Stone Dusted to Sand  >>
.which had wished to remain on the mountain —
..but its ultifate sealed under the bed of ocean—
..having been always frictioned with reality
..it became a rolling stone~~> stormed down
.the spring~~> in the river
it did not know after the riveria
.there was more sorrow
..to stream it down tomorrow
.to finally settle ~~> in the resting place
nestled ~~> beneath the ocean bed
  
It was sorry, nevertheless it got
..a permanent place there
....By that time it was no more a stone
..already dusted to sand and 
...One cannot build a dam of sand
..or build a building
..to be blown away by wind
..and wash away by rain !!! 
..Everything trifles to turn
.hollow and furrow in the long run

Still before perishing 
..its dreamagination —if it shall reborn
..in the next life it will compose a dear home
.coveting the same dear wife & son!

Outside Coverture
....  Doel De finished her checking up the prisoners and letting the prisoner Ryan Martin to live in his own world of reminiscing fantasia. She came out of her duty spot, mulling how to detox her another patient, a young acute drug addict… She heard about a unique Rock treatment called Lithotherapy in Kyrgyzstan, that doctors treat drug addicts with a unique rock treatment:
... => At Nazar Med Institute, Bishkek, patients mainly come from Russia, Central Asian & Arab countries. Patients had been addicted to take easily available cheap heroin in that region due to bumper crop of poppy in Afghanistan that time, and smuggle of it flooded to the neighboring countries.  As directed by a psychotherapist near him, the patient as a therapeutic process, admits to a rock taken from the river bed that s/he is a heroin addict by mistake, + also his/her  other problems—from which condition s/he wanted to be cured— in intimate confession to the rock. As the doctors observed the patients do not want to confess in front of others. After several such sessions of confessions, finally the rock is thrown in a grassy land on the outskirts of Bishkek. where there was a pile of about 5000 rocks thrown by such  patients + also by others related to past legends, from which perhaps this  rock culture has been nourished. Such a legend goes that >> A medieval nomadic ruthless warrior Tamerlane, a descent of the conqueror Zhenghis Khan, when going to war asked each soldiers to carry a stone from the river and  up to the mountain in Kyrgyzstan and throw it in a place high up. While returning from the war, he again asked the remaining soldiers to pick up a stone from there. Still remained a pile. Tamerlane said to them that this is the feel of the soldiers, who were there with them, but no more then. 
....  Doel De remembered she had asked Omni Punditda to wait for her at the David’s bistro. But she was late. So OP would be fire, in his language furicious = khepturious. And would walk away. She called to pacify him: Romda, sorry, for the late. just coming.
== Hey Doe, you haven't changed even coming here. do you have any concern? letting me wait for you, you’ve vanished for hours to do your job. If I tell/ you’ll tell/ Punditda is telling tale. but don’t u know I have so many works here need to be finished before I go back! I can’t just wait. I’m leaving David’s now. 
....  Doel managed window dressing, as she knew from her previous Bangasudha days that the miffed busy bee Omni Pundit becomes suddenly inflamed like the volcanic Fuji-san, if anybody breaks his time schedule.
== Sorry, sorry Romda,  Please sit over there a lil more. over another sodhak pill. I’ll be  f-l-y-i-n-g there to you, balming his grievance, she chuckled. 
....  On the parking lot, she heard from back => Hi Doe.
She saw Frieda, one of her clients whom she counselled as a psychiatrist to recovery, after her divorce. 
== Hi Frieda, I see you are looking confident and enjoying your life, bye. Doel gassed up her car and wondered when when the Gen Y people like Freda are wrecking their marriage so soon, what’s the chemystery in which the Martin couple could glue to the ancient institution of marriage for so long scoring over a half century! Frieda glossed and byed Doel.
....  Frieda, just before a few days thought of getting an appointment with Doel De for another shot of counseling to de-stress herself. As she was under acute stress and pressure after her divorce and getting the signal to be fired by her boss in the office— if she cannot deliver her respective target. Nevertheless, before that, as advised by her friend Kara, she visited a spa to be refreshed + refurbished + restructured in her body and mind. Emotionally Frieda was feeling shattered—to amaze by the damage done to herself by her past marriage! Therefore, she opted for getting a massage in the spa, where she went thru various phases and phrases from sauna bath. hot bath. in the pool of rose petals. foot bath. body oils, aromatherapy. thorough body massage back and front by hot male masseur in all parts of her body. she almost went into euphoria. moreover, prayed to masseur to make it happen— to which the hunk masseur said it would be unprofessional and illegal— so he cannot do it! But the sexpert masseur made her happy ending orgasm— without touching her vital key parts—simply concentrating on some key pressure points—excluding her fully sexposed private parts!......
....  However, the next time Frieda went for the massage, the masseur did not refuse her. And they did it in the massage room. Then they have been into dating. Frieda in her office performed better rank and walked out of the danger red zone of being fired. And specifically her face  was on the facific gloss / so much so that her friends / were at a loss / to discover her drastic change / Oh boy! you gloss! …
....  Imbued Frieda then became eager to try other methods of sextracting more and more prolonged happy endings too. Her adviser + madviser Cara knew more of this kind of sexecutive happenings. Apart from her personal sexplorations, Cara got her feedbacks from a site for women’s candid sexposures called InsoMANia. There're ample Funtasy of Mantasy. Therefore, to prolong sexperient Cara advised her about the Tantric ways. and gave her a number to contact the sexotic Tantra Pirate called Tantrick. Who she intended to sexplore / more tricks / to squeeze out more and more fun / more measures / for her pleasures.



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.6.51
Chapter 51: Fierce Cheers


First & Last Identity
....  Often Omni Pundit’s identity was checked out on many places for verification. It seemed snooping is everyhere and there also. At times, he inquired himself: What is the first and last identity and entity of anyone or all? He inquired himself:
I'm none but anyone manyone everyone
As I'm nowhere
so I may be anywhere manywhere everywhere

I have a birthland
but as a cosmozen
I strive to be  in alland

I'm none but anyone manyone everyone
I'm nobody yet anybody manybody everybody
Eeach & every country is my country
each & every people are my people

I am a non-entitled nonentity
So I  might be entirely in each & every entity
I might be in any & many matters 24 x 7
as I think in the cosmos
wo/man is a drop of energy
At least something in anybody
may be found common with eachbody
anywhere manywhere everywhere

That is the first & last identity
of each every & all entity

Omni Pundit’s Fizza 18 
....  That time Omni Pundit used to stay in a condo at a tranquil area in Stamford. On the opposite side, a block away was a small bistro called Delight, visible from his 18th floor's window. The day before Thanksgiving Day. it was a sunny day after several cloudy spell of gloom and cold wave. People were enjoying the sun. He often used to visit Delight that time, as it was comparatively cheaper and near to his residence. OP was to sit that day with his previous Bangasudha friend Doel De. She had gone there to read and after being a psychiatrist got green card to live in that country. Nevertheless, as usual she was hardly punctual. So OP was determined to leave the place after finishing the last shot. That time Doel appeared with a managing cosmetic grin said => Sorry for the late Romda.
Omni Pundit asked.=> Where were you? I was going to be out just after this shot. He waved his glass. 
== Preceding to the Thanks Giving day holiday here, I had a sudden rush of works, so late.

....  After her, percussionist Unman Munshi with the danseuse Preya Pathok reached there to meet Punditda on the day before their show at a local theater. Neither Doel nor Unman and Preya expected to see one another after a long time here in this town, and they were delighted.  OP was diluting his Sodhak pill in his fresh glass of drinks, seeing which to flare him up, Unman said clinking his glass with Doel and Preya's => Omni Pundit you are omnivorous! You're diluting the sodhak pill here, in Stamford too! For telling your tales?
== You Equus Africanus— ass, eating grass here also? Punditda conferred Unman a title as usual.
== Why should I eat grass? Unman amused.
== Sorry, what you’ll eat or not eat—that’s your personal choice. I don’t like to interfere in it.
Lol
....  They were sitting in Delight’s open patio under umbrella just beside the street. Looking at the kids who were skateboarding on the car-free street heading to the seaside, competing with one another in the mild afternoon in soft sunshine. Opposite the brasserie a small roadside park. A few elderly people sitting laidback there. A few women walking past with their doggies. gossiping. knitting. some kids playing football, some baseball. 
== But how could you get Bangasudha stuff here, Punditda? Preya wondered!
== Oh, you’re forgetting the other real meaning of the word Bangasudha itself—the elixir of Banga or Bangla — Unman explained, which vitamin available aplenty in Omni Pundit’s fizz of fizza. anyhere and everywhere. Omni Pundit after all you’re a pundit, a scholar. 
Omni Pundit’s prompt answer: 
I am just a trifle schooler
not a hi fi terrific scholar

== You’ren’t eating here your junk pizza? Unman shot to sparkle OP.
== At bangasudha, our Nando won’t serve me any junk. But elsewhere without being assured first, I don’t take any junk. Moreover, whenever or wherever I go, there I dilute this sodhak pill in a popular drink to detoxify and purify. here also. in coconut water. 
== You're a self-styled man philosopher scientist, prophesying Prophessor, Unman poked; as he was habituated at Bangasudha.
....  Omni Pundit guzzles a fizz / bites pizza / puzzles his fizza => Horribilis! Hey Unman hanuman, Monkey Munshi—macaca fascicularis, who made you a drummer, a percussionist? Who made Preya, a danseuse? Your parents? Did people vote you to be? The country? Government decree? Court order? The World Nations Organizations? Nope. No. You have a separate penchant of playing tabla, you also play the sound of flute with your nose. Ok? And Preya herself wanted to be a dancer. Tell me who else made you to do so?
== Whom else? None but me. Unman stumbled, trying to guesstimate in what dark ditch the mad prophessor was going push him.
== Horribilis! Then aren't you self-styled? Not only you. The universe is self-styled itself. Who fixed the course of action of the sun and the stars? None but themselves. Or if the gods done it? Then who fixed god's styles? None but her/him/itself. So self-styled. Not only that. Who workstyled Ashok, Nero, Chandragupta, Lao Tzu, Dante, Attila, Muhammad, Arjavatta, Akbar, Baudelaire, Sri Chaitanya, Leonardo, Pushkin, Nefertiti, Daly, Mandela ... and so on? In fact, they were all self-styled. 

Only ordinary mediocre masses' styles
are ordained by others
Those masses may be moulded
by multinationals, media, haute couture
tyranny, autocracy, theocracy 
good or sad teaching and bad preaching

Some otherly others are hostiled
free styled or self-styled 
Just a few among them are outstanding

== So, you say you are outstanding? Unman pinched.
== Horribilis! Macaca Fascicularis, when did I say so? I am not outstanding, but standing out of the common rat racers, to watch out the races. No doubt I am a VVIP >>as you know, but not a very very important person, rather a Very Very Insignificant Person.
== You often speak of about positive + negative ism. What do u think are your positive and negative faces?
== May be >>>
As asked, my positive facet is
my inventive aptitude
And my negative facet is also
my inventive aptitude
which dwarfed my altitude

So I remain positive + negative = posinegative or negepositive. Yes & No.
== Punditda, why don’t u understand, you’re attempting to achieve too many things at the same time, which cannot succeed. Unman now sounded serious, while Preya also nodded her head.
== Horribilis! That I know very well, and it has been always a jigsaw to me. Omni Pundit prophessed:
I will end out of my own
hydra headed variation
of thinking and activities
winged out of proportion
of my reach, view and purview

....  Preconciled Omni Pundit >> So if I would concentrate all my efforts on a single subject and could be a success? Or should I traverse on all the subjects that I may come across on the way of my life and cannot be a success in any of them? I heard my heart and took the less beaten path >> that is a path of no success but no failure. as I know, no success is permanent. It is for the time being only. And after the time being— the success and failure tags are of no use. That is why I couldn’t succeed. Then to be successful nowadays you must have the efficiency of marketing and selling and crowing about your finished products by yourself, in which I have time constraint, apathy, and definite inefficiency and deficiency. But what can be done? there’s only one life. that is also too short to transverse all the thoughts into reality perfectly. And >> 
Only god is supposed
to be perfectly perfect
which mysteriously does exist
or does not exist

Preya => But you could be successful if you could concentrate in any one.
== Horribilis! There are several set of procedures in most cases to essay 1 thing efficiently and successfully. Preya, as a danseuse you must have learned how to enact a piece of classical Indian dancing, following the set of parameters created by the ancient saint Bharat in his Natya Shastra? [Patch =>
Yato hasta stato drishti 
(eyes to follow where the hands are)
Yato drishti stato manaha
(mind to follow where the eyes are) 
Yato manaha stato bhava 
(expression to follow the mind)
Yato bhava stato rasa
(expression will beget rasa—appreciation)
Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
....  OP paused a moment and regretted => But unfortunately, there is no such definite set of ways for the inventors and creators in the fields of science or arts by which we can be surely successful.
== Strange! You know about the ancient dance movements also! But How to Succeed gurus from Dronacharja to recent all have asserted that too many goals at a time cannot succeed. We like sincerely to see our Punditda as famous & successful.  Preya added.
== Horribilis! Punditda was ironic >> Successful? Today success means simply to earn so much bucks — that your spouse won’t be able to finish spending in 2 hands.
Lol
....  Then he was emphatic => I had 2 options. to choose between trying to achieve only investing one’s whole time into achieving one particular goal, or attempting several things one thinks appropriate to traverse, having the short time on one life one has? I have chosen the latter. To follow my daydream. Because not only >>
If you do not do what you dream
it will be done by some

but also >>
If you can't translate your daydream into reality
none else will be able to do that exactly in totality

So I've tried to start it. Not speakuliar success or failure, I know not even if I’ll get time to finish my projects. And if all people are to be successful who will be there to fail? Upon which failures the successful will succeed? Moreover, irrespective of your success or failure, the end result is everything will be dwindled into dust. 
You rise and fall
Shine and outshine
as you wish & perish
do AND die

So one should go, as one's heart intends, contents or contends. Success or failure might come or not; I am not doing success or failure. I am doing my work that may entail success or failure—I am not concerned about that. As that is not important to me, only the work as I walk on my own way is the most important thing to me. 
History of so-called success story
is fabricated mostly by historians
most of whom are just mistorians

OP supplemented further >>
I am not a superman
but just an ordinary man
trying to be a balanced man

== Yet I must say you’ve come ahead of the time. People’re not yet ready to accept your visions. Doel tells.
== Yes, I’ve heard it before from a few others—
Some say I had come ahead of my time
Sadly I didn’t know it before I came

Lol
== Really, You’re opting to do right things, but in a wrong time. Time hasn’t yet come to do these things. Unman accorded seriously.
Hard to decide. OP interrogated =>
If you're to do something right
in wrong time and wrong place
should you stop it from happening?
Wait for the right moment & the right place
—if it ever comes within your end time?
Or pick it up vying to peak it up
when other conditions choke it up?

....  Giving him up, Preya and Unman handed over to him the complementary ticket to watch their show and invited => Punditda, you must come to watch our performance and give us your esteemed appraisal and suggestion. 
Punditda gladly agreed => Oh, sure! I hope I will enjoy it!
....  After the duo left early for their preparation of the Show, As it was the pre-Thanksgiving Day. the festive season had already began here. the pub was full that day having pleasant weather. 
....  The owner of the cafe was Clara. It was sunny outside. but Clara’s mind was cloudy today because her 13 year old daughter Sasha, was found to be virtually bullying and dancing inappropriately in the school function with her friends. Clara has punished her publicly by letting her stand on the road with a placard in her hand stating: I am punished for bullying and inappropriate dancing……{Yet standing there in the sun, teenager Sasha was smiling quite upbeat as she found her teenamor, the stranger cute boy in the chatroom:
   Stranger: Hi (; asl?
   Sasha : Hi (: 13, female, Stamford ...... Wbu? 
   Stranger: 16. Male. Texas ...... }. 
....  Clara led a customer with his companion, to the 2 sits vacant as Preya and Unman left, where Omni Pundit and Doel were sitting, as she knew OP an Indian, and the new customer duo was also Indian, frequenting there for the last few days. She introduced them to Omni Pundit: You'll have other 2 Indian guests here.
....  Sitting face 2 face with Omni Pundit and Doel, the newcomer helloed Omni Pundit with a smile => Ela na tte? Haash Yinishly? (How are you? What’s your name?)
== Yinishy’e Romnis Pundit. Smiling OP replied in Navajo Amerindian language, knowing that the guy has misread him as a Navajo native American Indian.
Hearing the name the newcomer could understand his mistake => I’m Ken Richards and this is my friend Jade. I’m sorry Mr. Pundit, I thought you as native Navajo Indian as had Clara said.
== No doubt I’m an Indian like you are, but Indian from the real India, as also this my friend Doel De. But you need not be sorry. This is not your mistake. Actually Columbus did first the mistake to think your predecessors as Indians and the red color painted on their body to refer them as ‘red skins’?
== Yes. And the world accepted the wrong as right and the right as wrong. Ken Richards smiled faintly.
== Not only that. The ancient Zionist inscriptions in a few stones were found here, which suggest that much before Columbus, this continent was ‘discovered’ by some others? 
== Actually, I checked out the spots near New Mexico and Boston and found the stones with ancient engravings, which were there before Columbus came. Ken Richards affirmed.
== Still, I’ve heard some people say America has little history. One boatman named Roberto, said me in Italy while rowing his gondola in the Venice canal, that he likes India. But he doesn’t like America. Sill he goes now and then to America only to earn more money.
== But, why? I asked him.
== Because you India has thousands of year’s history, we Italia has also history; America has money but no history. 
One of my American friend sitting there on the gondola with me, She said => But we need money.
== Oh, yes. That’s why I go there. Yet we need history and culture too. Roberto affirmed.
== What did you think? Is it right to say such that we’ve no history? Ken Richards asked Omni Pundit.
== My point is that, most people don’t know or even who knows doesn’t bother to consider the DNA of the ancestors of the Native Americans and their typical resemblance with the Mongoloid type of visage. They probably had entered into America from Siberia crossing over the Beringia Bridge—guessed to be estimated roughly about 15 thousand years ago— must have brought civilizations with them from their ancestral places in Asia. A recent study even arguably guesstimates, originally they could have gone from India. Whatever might be, if the then most of the Western white settlers considered the Native Indians as savages, and did count the American history started only since the white colonists arrived here—ignoring and disreguarding the Native American Indian past—why not some other people elsewhere discount the American history started only on modern times? It is like wrongly considering the start of fashion wears from when the bikini wear started— ignoring the previous wears.
Lol

So your history is shortened like the shortest bikini. 
o-o
\/
  Lol
Omni Pundit continued => Yet few people could understand that there are definitely plus points in the native Indian civilizations that can be utilized successfully. As Benjamin Franklin invited the Iroquois Indians to learn from them some of their impressive democratic practices to develop the Albany Plan of Union, which later served as a basis for framing the American constitution. Or the Navajo language used as codes by the American navy during the World War II, which could not be cracked by the warring Japanese opponents.  Omni Pundit reasoned.
== Really I did never expect that someone from far off India, the identity of which country we have been bound to bear falsely to identify ourselves—the indigenous Americans in the 2 Americas for generations after generations— simply due to mistake not committed by ourselves—would be so aware of us! Ken Richards complemented OP.
....  OP remained silent for a while. Watching the festive ambience on the eve of the Thanksgiving Day, he changed the subject => Well, tell me, Mr. Richards, how are you going to celebrate the Thanksgiving Day tomorrow? {While awaiting his answer, he was searching for the bio facetimate of Ken Richards on his Brazok. Yes, he got it and read the overview at a glance. Amerindian Ken Richards. nick named Squanto. is a well-versed learned man. a professor. a legal battler for the rights of the Native Americans in North and South America...} 
Ken Richard’s face looked a bit morbid. He took time to organize himself. though this question he had and will have to face numerous times all thru his life.

Fierce Cheers!
== But Thanks Giving to whom and why? Doel interjected while Ken Richards was mulling to respond Omni Pundit’s question.
== You live here / and didn’t care / to know so long? What did you know from others? Omni Pundit interrogated Doel.
== In short they say on that day a grand feast was held where the British Pilgrims invited the Wampanoag Indians to thank god, after a treaty brokered by a  Native Indian named Squanto—who was previously enslaved and taken to England wherefrom he came back. Doel De replied.
== That is only one side of the story, which is written in history. Omni Pundit observed:
History one-sidedly glorifies
the conquerors who grab power
by force or source

That mostly happens in all countries, and ages in history. OP reflected — 
History is only her or his story
not of ordinary people
but of positively or negatively
the most powerful, prominent
and dominant few of their times
famed, framed or defamed
mysteriously by mystorians
as per their own fascinations
fabled in their factory of mistory

History would be quite different if we could value the other side of the story told by the vanquished people. As Native Americans  have different versions to convey. OP added.
== How? Doel inquisitive.
== In fact after landing on the east coast, the Pilgrims at first found no, or if any, little resistance from the unsuspecting Natives who received them as guests. As they were not used to demarcate the land and air which they considered the gift of god. So the Pilgrims took the impropertunity to grab their lands, enslave the stronger Native men, women, and killing the rest at random. Yet the Pequot Indians did some resistance. Am I telling right, Mr. Richards? Omni Pundit passed the baton to Ken Richards.
== Surprisingly, yes! As in 1637 a gathering of 700 unarmed Pequot men women and children sleeping during their Green Corn Festival at night, were butchered by the British and Dutch settlers at Groton, in Connecticut, and a Thanks Giving to God was held the next day for the successful mass murder... {Omni Pundit pondered how the reaction and action of the god would have been then! — being prayed by the more powerful colonist disciples who thanked him for the successful murder, massacre and loot of the weaker native people—who were there for Thanks Giving and praying to god for the good crops and food, and be saved from the slavery of the stronger marauding intruders!}
Supposed to be impartial
god/s mostly favor as ever
the stronger or clever!!

...What followed was one after other mass pogroms of Indians, seizing their land and property, enslaving and shipping them as slaves regularly to Europe. Beheading the 'barbaric' heathen Indians, by the murderers were encouraged by giving them a rewarding price. Ken  Richards continued.
...Now while they were sitting in the open-air pub patio, suddenly a football dropped in front of them splintered out of the park on the other side of the street, where the kids were playing. {The reminiscent smell of the ball, they played in the Biswapur beach, in his boyhood days, evoked in Omni Pundit’s mind that moment.} 
...Ken Richards held the ball under his foot, when a lad came in to pick up that ball. He continued: Celebrating the second Thanksgiving day declared by the immigrants’ churches, it was here, in Stamford of olden days, hacked off heads of the Indians were played in the streets like this football with fierce cheers! You know.
Sheer Cheer does appear
when something appear dear
as well as disappear undear

...He passed the ball to the lad who collected it and ran away. Ken Richards added: Even the friendly Wampanoag chief, who had helped the settler refugees when they desperately needed help, was beheaded by some of the colonists and the severed head had been impaled on a pole on the street in Plymouth for the next 24 years!
He paused to supplement: Now when I often hear some of the then immigrants’ distant scions argue against the entry of today’s immigrants in this country, I ask them: You’re against the immigrants. Fine. But when you’re leaving?
   {Omni Pundit could immediately reconnect the age old barbaric murder by ultravice maniacs on religious and political stints still persists even in modern times =>
...a) Not to speak of the countless barbaric beheadings in the Middle East in the recent past by ‘religious’ jihadis, >> beheading of a young soldier in the open street of London, in broad daylight. >> which also showed us the brave face of a woman Ingrid Loyau-Kennett, 48—who dared to ask the armed militant killitant killer—as to why he killed him? The killer reasoned— avenging the killing of people of their faith!
== “Right now it is only you versus many people. You are going to lose”, Loyau-Kennett rebuffed him.
...b) During the terrorian attack in a Kenyan shopping mall in Nairobi causing the death of many with his mother being shot at, a kid boldly told the shooter: “a bad man”, and he should have let everyone go free! The gunman just a little earlier had claimed “We are not monsters”…}
...Ken Richards was adding: Later when Abraham Lincoln declared the Thanksgiving Day as a national holiday, that very day he marched troops to Minnesota against the Sioux Indians. 
== But before and after him many times the native Indians were forcibly evicted from their own lands by the empowered intruders manywhere. One of the most prominent of such deplorable saga was the Trail of Tears. Omni Pundit mentioned.
==  Yes, certainly the trail was named so. But not only this particular trail, I think the real trail of tears of the native Americans started many years back with the landing of the pilgrim colonists. And since then our land forcibly taken. our religions forcibly converted. we have been forcibly assimilated into their culture. our cultures overlapped. our languages vanished. our numbers dwindled by their pogrom, and the diseases they imported from Europe with them.  Our amity turned to enmity. We were termed as if savages, evils and devils and they were civils!
....  Ken Richards' face submerged in prodigious refractory of their ancestors’ painful saga from the past. He paused for a moment as if to search for his own identity => Our behavior our simplicity faltered / Our gene our DNA altered. Our original identity diluted repeatedly and got lost. Because over generations our blood got mixed and remixed. I can't tell now actually, what is my exact root? Really, Who am I? What is my real identity?  I am Indian. American. Scot. German. English. French. Dutch. Belgian. Italian...? Which? Which am I? Fatally and totally crumbled. Is this civilization? Or evilization and devilization? 



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.7.52
Chapter 52: Trail of Tears


Omni Pundit’s Fizza 19
== I've heard the trail, but not your version. actually what happened then? Doel liked to hear from Ken Richards. 
== The particular Trail of Tears, beginning in 1820, is the vivid example how the law abiding unarmed native masses can be deprived of their legal rights to live in their own homes and fertile lands— by the 'civilized' democratic government itself. Who were forced leave their homes and properties to the Colonists and made to walk thru thousand miles the west of Mississippi to >> today’s Oklahoma region in wretched conditions without sufficient food and shelter. driven out like herd of animals by the soldiers.  Nearly ¼ th of the driven old, children, women and men of Cherokee,  Choctaw, Seminole, Creek and Chickasaw Natives, died out of harsh cold—without having proper warm clothing, thirst, hunger, malnutrition, and other ailments.  The governor promised about the dry territories west of Mississippi "as long as grass will grow green and river waters will flow they will be of the Indians". But later again they were  evicted out of their grazing grounds. That's another story.
== Moreover, before considering your ancestors as something like heathens or savages, did the the Puritan Pilgrims know that like the Teotihuacans and Mayans, native American Indians had also their pyramid at Cahokia? Omni Pundit again surprised Ken Richards & Jade. Doel was used as of it.
Ken didn't reply but asked => Tomorrow I’m going out to Cahokia for some archeological research to prepare a paper on the subject. Will you accompany me, Mr. Pundit?  
== I’m honored. I’ve been reading about Cahokia pyramid [Patch => Cahokia, an ancient pyramid  city developed by the native American Indians on the basin  of the Mississippi river about a thousand years ago— covering an area of  5 sq. miles—having 4000 acre complex, with 120 earthen landmarks of tombs and ceremonial platforms—the largest of which is now called as the Monks Mound—was larger than any of the Egyptian pyramids of Giza—which once towered surrounded by lesser mounds and houses. Nevertheless, built with dirt and wood—and now a world heritage site—nobody knew why this monument city and medieval commercial hub was deserted around by the end of the 13th century. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.] 
However, I’m afraid I can’t go with you this time, though I’m keenly interested to visit there next time. Because I’ll have to remain busy this time for the preparation of the ensuing Meet of the UniEarth Club in Washington, going there tomorrow. Anyway, have you decided yet to submit your paper somewhere?
== Not yet. That I’ll do after I finish the writing.
== So you please consider joining our ensuing UniEarth Meet in Washington and presenting your paper that you are doing on Cahokia—in relation to the current status of the Native Indians in the North and South America. My friend Doel De will issue you official invitation letter and let you introduce on our plans and programs. We need your advice and co-operation.
....  Doel gave Mr. Richards and Jade a brochure of UniEarth Club. Omni Pundit added: Please go thru it and give us your opinion. I’ll be in Washington DC next week. And as you comeback from Cahokia, we will discuss there in details before the Meet. OK?
== Ok, I'm honored. However, I do not know anything about your Club. Moreover You do not know anything about me!
== Our goal in short is to reestablish a stretch of the primitive environment and simplicity of the world—the material world had long been lost—maintaining the positive roots and fruits of the civilization—where wo/man will live and flourish in natural way of life back to nature—shunning the artificial harmful chocking so-called civilized way of life. Read this. you will know everything about our aims and actions. which I believe is analogous to the way of life—as lived by your ancestor American Indians. And, he grinned, It is enough as of now what I have known about you, Mr. Squanto? He showed Ken the open page on him on Brazok.
....  It had the detailed information and pictures on Ken Richards nicknamed Squanto elaborately. which Ken himself hasn’t yet seen. even it accounted his active support in the case of Navajos—which they won against the government—when the Court awarded them huge amount of compensation. Omni Pundit: You were a legal expert to them. We also need your expertise on law in case of need.
== Yes, we won this case. Thanks to some wise and benevolent people and the courts, which several times in the past gave some judicious judgements beneficial to us. For that, I say to my people, added Ken Richards—
Do not take law in your hand
Keep it in your pocket
to apply it in time of real need

== This is also we want, supported Omni Pundit. So we will contact you on next Friday in Washington before the UniEarth Meet. Meanwhile keep contact with me from Cahokia.
== All right. I will. Amazed Ken Richards just said. 
Handshaking they dispersed out of the Delight bistro. 

Refreshing Purl in the Hellhole
....  After several days full of activities for the preparation of their UniEarth Meet slated to begin on next morning in Washington DC, the night bird Omni Pundit was very tired and fell asleep in his hotel room earlier than his usual habit at 12: 30 AM. But just within an hour his sleep thinned. He heard a fade recurrent trembling alarm. He cerebrated if it is a dream? He looked at the table clocking 1:20 without any alarm ringing. So? What danger that non-clock alarm indicating? And an illegible fading female voice announcing constantly. He heard the running and passing sound outside the room on the passage and talking in very low voices. He opened the door to look at the passage. The doors of the guests were being shut one after another and they were quick to vanish out of the hotel. Moreover, suddenly the wave of sound hit him hard repeatedly warned =>: The guests are informed that a fire broke out in the hotel. and are requested to leave their rooms and go out of the hotel with their very important belongings.
....  OP quickly took his passport and important papers, dollars, cards and having no time to change his dress only got his coat and got out closing the door. The wave of thick smoke and fire chasing him, he didn’t go to the elevator mulling as it could have been out of order or if it locked him inside when going down and smoked him— using the staircase he descended fast to outside the hotel to take his full smokeless breath and easing his burning eyes. 
....  He stood at the opposite side of the road distancing from the anxiously crowding guests who had already gathered long before him. And the struggling firefighters, their fire extinguishing apparatus, vehicles and serpentine pipes cordoned the surrounding roads and area. It was cold on the outside. He had not brought adequate wears in haste to wrap up in the cold. As mild rain already bathed the place. Now stopped. Yet the road wet. The trees wet. The grass wet. Drops of water purling on the small yellow flowers, amazingly fresh and signing and shining life against the hell of inferno at this deep night in yellow light. 
....  Romda!  Somebody stood by his side. OP was watching the little yellow flowers as the symptom of  fresh new life as against the devouring hellhole of the times, so without watching the newcomer he assumed => Oh Doe, you’ve come? We’re at ruins.
== I’m Bollori, Call me Bolli, or Lori as they call me. not Doel. a cousin of Doel, who has sent me to u.
....  Now Omni Pundit was puzzled to see her for the first time, young and amazingly fresh… as if the cute little yellow flower purls of drizzle drops still glittering in soft light on it, like the rays of hope of the new times new world! He took a moment to tell her slowly: Have I seen you before, Lori? Déjà vu!
== Strange! It also seemed to me seeing you just now! Déjà vu! However, it could not be in our last birth, if any, not in this birth. May be it is due to that I had heard your stories from Doeldi often,  Lori muttering softly, when her gadget called => Bolli, gve it to Romda.
== Doeldi calling you. She gave it to Romda.
== Hi, Doe, What?
== Are you ok and unhurt? Breaking News showing Fire gutted a part of the hotel when the delegates were asleep at the night before the Meet.
== Yes. I’m Fine. But who leaked about our private UniEarth Meet to the media?
== You believe I’ve leaked it? I think it is Alin or his current collaborator that paparazzi woman. I could not contact you earlier over Brazok? So I sent Bolli to you.
== Oh, have left brazok in my room by mistake while leaving in a hurry. But how to relocate the meet as per schedule tomorrow in time?
== Don’t worry. Our event manager Cherry has already talked to the hotel authority who has reallotted its unaffected Conference Hall on its annex building for our Meet. Bolli is quite efficient to look after the works of the Meet. I’ve already acquainted Bolli and oriented her about our Meet, who’ll take charge as the Coordinator in place of me. as I’ve been abruptly assigned to more extra duty in another jail squeezing all my time from today. Really I fail to understand if anybody or agency is trying to foil and spoil our Meet by repositioning me to distance and blazing the venue of the Meet >> targeting you? We have to be more cautious. Our fate is bad. 
== Don’t talk rot to blame fate. Stand on your own feet.
Befit on your feet to go
rather than misfit
on your fate or fete to glow

== So, you won’t be able to come to the meet, I presume?
== I will attend the meet surely. But that day to come from Baltimore will take more time, na?
== But, is she —?
== This Meet is about the ideals and principles, which we’re going to adopt for the benefit of humankind and flora, fauna and environs of this earth or on other earths after their discovery. You’re not going to revealize to anybody in the Meet, anything about our scientific projects and whereabouts, about which I myself know very little. So Bolli will be there in place of me to give you the logistic or any support you need for the Meet only. Nothing more. In fact if I didn’t send her to you. she’d attend. I didn’t know she would attend, as she had been already invited before me in the Meet and would attend the meet as an assistant to one of our speaker Dr. Michelle Cook from Boston—as Bolli studied at the university to her and herself is keenly interested to do project on Space Science. Besides, she knew you from my BangaSudha days, hearing gossips about it from me—became a fan of you and many times whined to go to BangaSudha—to eat with me and meet you there, which I resisted, as she was just a kid then.
== Really? But she’s still a kid. Will she be able to handle the learned guests in the Meet?
== What? Me a kid! I’m unlearned, that I won’t be able? Bolli was grumbling or challenging?
....  He wondered.  She’s like sulphuric acid H2SO4 => Not a kid? Ok. Did I say you unlearned? But Bolli, you didn’t tell me that you read there and a student of Dr. Michelle Cook!   
== When did you give me the chance to tell? You’re scared that I’ll plagiarize your scientific endeavors and sell it to multinationals. But everybody isn’t Aahuti, who’ll sell your inventions to someone deceiving you. Yet you yourself carelessly left your Brazok at the room, which might be blazing! And you aren’t at all cautious about this paparazzi tracktician Tasha Storm tracking you around here. The way she’s looking at you, is quite mysterious.
It is not always as you know
that people do not know
which in fact they might know
more than you know

....  Lori cautioned him. OP was chewing over Doel has sent to me what a militant girl this Lori? She’s censoring me from the beginning! H2SO4. Then what she’ll do afterwards! Tho she has said right that I shouldn’t have forgotten Brazok in the room! But I’ve already deactivated Brazok from here. and has full back up. nobody will be able to crack open it since it won’t open sans my brain waves at it. She has rightly said that in fact people might know more than that you know. However, that indicates Lori also knows a bit about our project! That means we are to remain cautious about her too.
....  Lori’s etude was to assess and gauge him. What she didn’t expose to him => I will capture you Mr. Romnis Pundit—to be a part of your project and must voyage with your space odyssey in future…  

UniEarth Meet
....  However, the Meet happened successfully. Before and after the meet no press release was issued, only this text was privately circulated to whom it may concern >> 
....  Fire could not deter the UniEarth Club’s Washington Meet as scheduled. Those who took part in the deliberations were eminent Philosophers. Thinkers. Scholars. Environmentalists. Human and animal Right activists. Writers. Artists. and Scientists—like Haru Takahashi from Japan, Hu Sung from China, Harry Atkinson from UK, Michelle Cook and Ken Richards from US, Alex Jones from Canada, Olivia Smith from Australia, Reza Ali from Turkey, Zeenat Ara Mita from Bangladesh, Jean Lucas from France, Gitta Geisel from Germany, Rada Rutskaya from Russia, Tiago Passos from Brazil, Aroma Mitra from India,  Chika Okafor from South Africa..  To pursue its aims and objectives, The Resolution was unanimously adopted:
1. The world as one state. all current states shall have to be treated as different regions and their capitals shall be regional head quarters to coordinate with the pollution free capital of the world, to be voted later on. The World Government shall function with some difference and unlike that of the toothless Assembly of Nations, where no special power shall be reserved for the giant powers.
2. A remote isle will be developed at first by the UniEarth club as the replica of UniEarth model, on the suggestion of Romnis Pundit—restarting from the primitive civilization to be prompted and nurtured a natural civilization sans war and evilization and devilization. which shall be a model world to be spread in future in some extra-terrestrial planet or star.
3. All natural sources of power and energy to be fully explored and utilized and moderated for natural development equally among all regions of the world exploiting the Bayurbedic ways. The production of eco friendly solar, wind, bio oil, bio gas, ocean-wave & other energy, shall turn everything fast and smooth, cutting costs.
4. UniEarth club shall try to build public opinion to mobilize and exert pressure on great powers and governments so that they deter themselves from all kind of environmental damage, and thrust their decisions on weaker nations, to save earth for today and tomorrow. 
5. A world defense system against the aliens and extraterrestrial powers shall be developed taking the help of all nations. No state to be allowed to trample human and animal rights and butcher the nature and grab or manipulate Antarctica and undersea resources of North Pole, to be the sole property of the pollution free world.
6. Melting Antarctica is to be preserved as of now as the hub of ecological bio diversity and scientific researches, to be funded by strictly restrictive eco-tourism. 
7. Borders among states shall be abolished slowly. All differences between regions are to be solved by the World Government thru negotiations and World Court. 
8. War and all weapons of mass destructions are to be totally banned. Discovery of other planets, stars, moons should be the sole property of this world only.
9. UniEarth shall shun all forms of royal, aristocratic, despotic, autocratic, dictatorial, theocratic, and fatalitarian forms of governments and adopt full democratic norms through universal franchise sans populist pressures, rule of law and freedom of judiciary.
10. Pollution control, birth control, populism control, mobocracy control, quality control and strict equality control treating all race, religion, color, sex, creed—without any reservation among individuals and nations and ethnic, religious sects, and different groups, maintaining their socio-cultural entity and diversity in diversity preserving biodiversity. Any type of polluters to be treated as criminals and to be punished accordingly. Religion may be privately practiced but must not to be allowed to influence the government. 
11. Atheists, Agnostics, Humanists, and Godormants must not be harassed and punished by any brand of theists and nobody or no religion will have the power to hit their sentiment of not believing in a god, religion or on dormant god. Forceful conversion must be totally banned. 
12. An easy to learn and speak world language incorporating all the language groups and their alphabets — to be developed as suggested by Romnis Pundit, who submitted the following example of words of universal Unilingo: 
Ah  Are  Eh  Foo  Fu  Ha  Hah  Hi  Ho  Hu  Huh Hum  Ish  La  Li Lo Ma  Pa Na  O  Oh  Oye  Om  Oof  Ooh  Oops  Pa  Phoo  Shh  Uf  Uhu  Um  Ya  ……
....  With the vote of thanks,  raised by the author Chika Okafor, ended the Meet. 
....  The delegates were given a gala reception and get together at a Potomac cruise, efficiently supervised by the coordinator Bollori Roy. At the cruise while talking to the guests, some of whom were quite hopeful of the outcome of the meet, while Haru Takahashi and Michelle Clerk thinking of the superior powers, were skeptic to call the meet a new utopia, to which Omni Pundit argued => A newtopia may be at this moment, but why impossible for the future generations? 
If you stride
why not strive for the best?
Even in worst situation why not
strive at least best of the worst?

....  Ken Richards was talking to OP about the changing scenario beside the river Potomac…… OP was mulling what beside the Potomac would have been looked like during the native Indian heydays!   
There’s Sky No Time to See High

On the Potomac a white odyssey boat
cruises in the pace of a lazy tranquil swan
Centuries earlier Algonquian warriors
sporting tomahawks rowing canoes here?
Or a daring wrangler cavorting lasso noose
to contame savage horse beside the river?
Did such venturers exist at all?
Now there’s river    those hunks nowhere

In postmeridian sun runs a belle on woodsway
Her lonely breasts hopping to rhyme her pace
The pictureel view framed in speeding glasses
She won’t see me ever so won’t concern me
clevers might etch such cleavage
a cosmozen in me feels not so i may be fool
Now there’s forest  but no such femomentum

Everybody returns to habitation
The haven flaunts cherry flowers in bloom
jibing the returnal dusky sky of Washington
on 38.9047° N  & 77.0164° W
But to gaze nobody has time to sigh
Now there is sky    no time to see high



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.8.53
Chapter 53: Flanders Lovelanders


Flemish Love Blemish
== Oh, you speak English! Bollori’s face radiated with a flashing ray of hope, when a local girl came forward to ask her : Hi, what's up?
== Hi, I'm Bollori. a student. from India. Here just a few minutes ago my bag with the camera was mugged. Can you tell me where to complain?
While Omni Pundit was brewing into adda in Bangasudha, one of his bangasudha peers, Bollori was having a testing time in Brussels. The local girl watched a few people crowding around a lone foreigner brunette young girl, probably Indian, as they're swarming allwhere nowadays, also here in Bruxelles Centrale, who was asking them something in English that they could not follow. So she came forward to know and felt bad to hear a foreigner was cheated, in her beloved city. She said: Oh, I am sorry. I'm Alicia Monami. Follow me I’m finding you the place …
....  {Back in BangaSudha Romda had cautioned Bollori  several times >> to mind her hand bag and baggage in distant land / saying all's not well there that endeth bad / + sometimes tendeth to be horribilis / but she didn't heed. Overconfident, she had said him: When in distress— let it be mugged first, and then I shall see. I shall call you then.  And this was the result, she recalled with a smile. She had already informed Romda, who wasn’t surprised to hear it and laughed of:  I told u. I’m transferring money to your account. Just tell me if u need any docu to apply…}
....  Bollori followed Alicia to the assistance booth. Showing her the place Alicia was about to depart. While she got the message: 
============================
i had survived tsunami — with piles of corpses rotting up then around me— Year gone in rescue relief & rehab works with NGO— soon returning Brussels.— Florian.
=============================
....  Bollori  xrayed a reflection in Alicia’s eyes when she too could overhear her mutter => Oh, tsunami! Florian!
== Thank you, very much, Alicia, have a nice time. See you. Bollori bade her good bye. 
== Good bye. 
....  Alicia hastened to her home but didn’t find her parents at home. It was late in the morning. She entered in the room with a duplicate key card kept with her. She kept the bag in the room. refreshed in the washroom. Took a look in the fridge to check out what's stored. Found ham and porridge and pineapple juice for herself. After the light refreshment, she got out to meet Pierre in the Grand Place…
....  [Patch => Grand-Place de Bruxelles is a world heritage site, described by Victor Hugo as one of the most beautiful places of the world in the center of Brussels. This age-old wide plaza surrounded by tall ornamental centurion buildings including the king’s palace, Town hall, Musée des Brasseurs, shopping and eatery houses.  This historic place of grandeur witnessed the burning of protestant leaders in 1523. beheading of counts in 1563. as well as artillery attack by the French army led by Marshal Villeroy, in the war of the League of Augsburg in 1695—when most of the original buildings of the place were destructured by bombardment, but were later rebuild in old style.  Grand Place or Grote Markt now houses numbers of gorgeous events each year. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
…for lunch together. Cold cloudy day. In the crowded Markt square, Alicia sat in the open-air bar under the colored big umbrella and ordered a Belgian beer to wait for Pierre, who was always punctual… She recalled their last meeting here 2 months ago. That afternoon had the gleam of pale sunlight. There was going on a rehearsal parade of young men and women for an ensuing event in traditional gorgeous attires. Suddenly started the fickle drizzle. Almost all people deserted the open-air bar. Then it showered in irregular bigger drops. That poured on their glasses of drinks. The duo was amused to stay under the umbrella in the intermittent rains. They were telling they didn't have to dilute the raw liquor with extra water as that was done by raindrops splintered in their glasses. The open-air tables vacant, emptied by the spell of sudden rain. The wide place looked amazingly encircled by tall aged buildings on all sides at the late afternoon when it was raining. At last, they had to quit their fav place reluctantly. Pierre bought Alicia the particular brand of chocolate liked by her, from a shop there. They were crossing beside the statue of Don Quixote and Sancho Panza. [Patch => The bronze statue of the famous duo fictitional characters penned by Servantes, installed in the Place D'Espagne, Spanjeplein, Brussels. Sculpted by the father and son Spanish sculptors Lorenzo and Frederico Coullaut Valera, this statue  is a replica of the original 1932 statue housed in Plaza de España, Madrid. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
....  Pointing to the replica of David the nude, Alicia pinched Andre: One day I’ll make you pose like David. 
....  However, that was another day. As of now, Pierre didn't come yet. Why late today, she was pondering. Instead a call came => Hi Lulu? The voice wanted to know.
Alicia was extremely puzzled. The voice distinctively is that of Pierre. She asked => Hi Pierre? Kidding me?
== That doesn't matter. My question is if you are Lulu of Bon Jour Strip Club Paris or not? The grim voice insisted to know from her.
== How did you know this number? Alicia aka Lulu.
== Why? The club boast of you with your profile in topless topography with the caption I’m reading out =>
LOVELY LULU  (\/)

With Inviting Scandalous Curbs having vital stats => Bust 86, Waist 65, Hip 89, Height 186. 
Lovely! Ok? Tallying with yours, Lullllu?
== If it tallies so what, Pierre?
== Not much. As faking now a days is not an offence. Rather it's a fun. Nevertheless, for me it's the end of the road of life we had decided to journey together.
....  By now, puzzled Alicia started sobbing => Please listen to me a minute, Pierre. I didn't dare tell you the truth, as that could jeopardize our relationship earlier. However, believe me I love you. What could I do instead? I was running head to toe in debt trap to continue my higher studies in Paris. So to earn some extra bucks I had to work as a lap dancer there.
== Lap dancer or prostitute? However, just pass this hottie Sexplosive and Sexclusive Story of a Lap Dancer to the Le Monde or Le Figaro, you will gain more hits more extra fast francs.  
== Listen Pierre, please don't dig me more. I'm sorry. I would have told you but—
== Here ends the matter. Nothing more to listen.
Manufractured perfumes
emit corrupt fumes

....  Tho our relationship may end here, you wished me to pose as David, which didn't materialize. but soon I will see you to pose for me as Venus, because as a prospective customer I will soon visit the Bon Jour strip club to have a grab / on Lulu's famous Sexcuisite Scandalous Curbs, which I had firmly believed from my childhood, was reserved and preserved for me only—but now I’ll have to share with others. what can be done? 
== You rustic, so savage—!
== Fantastic. Fabulous. Fantabulous!
Acting savage is n-o savage
only telling it is s-o savage?

Get lost. Good Bye! Pierre disconnected.
She rang back. Pierre disconnected. 
She rang back. Pierre disconnected.
She rang back. Pierre disconnected.
Good Bye for good? Does he love me? She questioned herself —
Whom you love
You know
,,  know?
If someone loves you?

....  With a rent heart, Alicia returned home. Found mother waiting for her: Returning from the grocery I saw your bag. Know you have come. Done the dish Sole Meuniere you love. 
Alicia didn't reply. Mom sniffed something serious. Alicia’s gloomy face. her humid eyes. perched lips. indexing some acute problem.
== Lici, you ok? Mum probed.
== Ok, mom. Scatty Alicia's scatty answer.
== Nope, dear, your face imprints you aren't ok. listen Lici. look at my eyes. you can't hide it from me. Why you came back home so early before lunch? Did Pierre not turn up today? Mother straightened Alicia dragging her hand toward her face to face. 
....  Now Alicia crashed hugging her mom hiding her face against her mom's solid shoulder wall. And began to sob profusely: Pierre won't come anymore. Everything finished.
== Finished! at this age? cool. your life not yet started to boom. it will soon bloom. Now a days friends and boyfriends are easy to catch and easy to lose. take it easy. chill. don’t be a sentimental sac like your dad. like dad like daughter. in our time, I couldn't leave your dad because of you. If we had separated, you would have been deprived of the love and care of any one of the parents. Nevertheless, nowadays change of mates damn cheap like changing your dress or car. no dearth of it. Tell me, why he dumped you to jump off? he faked you?
== I didn't trace any faking of him for the past 9 years.
== Then? Her mum amazed.
== Rather I had faked and lost his trust on me.
== You faked? Ok. That doesn't matter nowadays. 
== Now not only relationship, most things are fake now.
fake assurance. fake status. fake money. fake law.
fake politics. fake leaders. fake make. fake avowal.
fake sorrow. fake love. fake fun. fake climax.
Today It can't be fun without faking
Fun is fake. fake is fun. fake is world

It's not the past century's Europe. It's mod Europe baby.
== Pierre also has accused me such fake is fun.
== Then? If the problem is your fake, he has found out. well & good. dump him. find another boy to fake with. no dearth of boys. where's gone your Florian? Her mum was clear on nomenclature for the womenclature as mencatcher.
== Florian has gone to south east Asia. to work for an NGO. received his message today. coming back soon. However, oh mom, that's not the main problem. 
== Then?
== Nothing—mom. Alicia tried to hide her vaporing eyes on mom’s shoulder.
== Lici, Do you think you will be able to conceal anything from me, about which I already know a lot? Mom fired a quick salvo of a speakulative blank shot in the air, without knowing anything in the matter, to squeeze the truth out of her daughter.
....  Alicia was perplexed a bit, how mom knew it! However when she has already known, it would be wise to surrender her true situation to mom. She completely broke down in tears: I won't back to my studies in Paris.  
== That I will see. You tell me your real problem.
== The real problem is that I had faked you and papa also unwittingly. I can't continue my studies further.  
== What are you talking about faking! How? 
== That I can't say. I'm ashamed to tell you.
== Then to who in the world you can tell to shell out and be empty of the weight of your hidden truth, my child? Her mother grabbed sobbing Lici by the arms and interrogated to pump out all the secrets out of her.
....  Alicia had to confess to her mom how her brighter days of getting a chance to read the French language in a   degree course in a premier varsity in Paris, started with sunny notes—enjoying with friends and classmates in joy and mirth. She was spending judiciously. But soon the enjoy became unjoy. She could not make both ends meet properly in expensive Paris. Over and above the allowance she got from her parents, she was working as a waiter part time. However, the payment was not enough to bear her expenses after payment of the rent of the shared room. she had to borrow. Moreover, to pay back by credit cards only added to her woes by borrowing more and more until it went out of her control. Therefore, she had to find out a source of higher income to continue with her studies in the varsity. 
....  One day when she was going to her restaurant for work, she found the ad in a billboard in front of a club. The salary looked lucrative. Fair looking Belles wanted. For Job description, details and interview enquire inside. She was hesitating to enter inside to enquire. However, she saw a bevy of beautiful girls who took her to the proprietress inside, talked to her very nicely, and persuaded her to join the club from that evening for an introductory training session. She saw some bikini clad girls and the poles. Presuming it a strip club, she was retreating, while the owner reminded her: We have several other girls enabling to go on with their higher studies with this job. When your study will be complete, leave this job. Alternatively, if you want to continue with this profitable business you can then start your own club like me as I also had started my career as a young stripper in this club. Now I own it. However if you want to join us you have to join today. If you delay to decide, we will engage from the other girls we have already interviewed. Our payment is very regular. you may enquire from the girls working here.
== Considering the lucrative payment, I was lured into joining the club that night as a lap dancer. I have to serve drinks and entertain middle-aged businessmen frequently, wearing bikini and fake smile. Moreover, for those clients paying extra bucks we have to perform naked dance before them in back rooms under the surveillance of cameras to check if we are entertaining the lewd customers properly. In addition, there are more back rooms for the higher paying clients to satiate their lusts that I can't explain, mom. 
== You need not. But you might be contacted STD.
== No. we have strict preventive measures taken. there are doc’s clinics to check up regularly for that. Nevertheless, Pierre didn't want to understand the difference between the lap dancer and a prostitute. Here I am being finished up slowly and slowly. I'm so sad. I have lost my self-esteem. now even I want to hurt myself to end my life. as my everything dwindled. my studies. my love. I don't want to go back to my studies any more.
== Life is much bigger. It was only a small part of that life. If you have told us earlier, we could have found some solution. You need not have to do that. Still, nothing ended my child. Also, mind your studies. Let me talk to your father. Kevin will be home tonight fro his Antwerp office. Her mother solaced her.
== Alicia fought within herself with the thought her father would be irate hearing her fall from grace. She could not look in the eyes of her dad who loves her so much. Trusts her so much. However, Kevin was resilient. sad. he blamed himself: It is our fault that we aren't rich enough to enable our only child to pursue her higher studies. Even living at the headquarters city of European Union, spiraling recession eating into our diamond business market jobs, finances all over Europe, as our major clients in the Indian diamond industries. Kevin could only say => You need not be ashamed, my child. Let me know your deficit and let's see how that could be made up. The accountant in him estimated to guesstimate down the financial gaps.
== Ok, Lici, you don't have to close your studies. The first thing you will do reaching in Paris is to leave the job of the club with immediate effect. Kevin was firm.
He added => Though we are under acute financial constraints, we will raise your allowance so that half of your expense is met from it. For one fourth of the expenditure will be met by taking the job of waiter in a restaurant. Ok? For a part of the residue 25% we will apply for the stipend for students at your varsity. I will prepare the paper works for you. The other part of the residue shortfall will be met by student loan from bank. For that I will talk to the Banques, we have business with. You repay in installments when you get a steady job after graduation. If you cannot, I will do gradually, as by that time we shall get out of the financial slumber.  So go on with your studies. Ok? Lici, your problem solved? Now give me a big grin.
Alicia was in tears of joy.=> Oh, Dad you are great. I thought you'd rebuke me. I love you so much dad. She hugged him to give him a peck in joy wiping out her tears.
== I love you too, dear. Now proceed with your dream. Don’t worry. Don’t suppress. Always tell us if in any trouble. We’re always with you.  Kevin assured daughter.
..... Alicia reached the Gare du Midi station to board the train to Paris. Recharged and sparkling by the support of her parents, reaching Paris her first work would be to quit her high temptperature job as a lap dancer. Mom advised to shun Pierre. However, it was easy to say, yet tough to forget him. As from her childhood, Pierre was an unconceivable, unshredable habit glued to her sense and body of systems. In the train looking on outside, the rapids of her muse were dissecting How and Why this happened? Flemish love blemish!
Love or Leave

So easily!
So long we shared no clamour
but a  common world of amour
Yet today your world is solely yours
it is not mine!
My world is soully mine
it is not yours affair!

It takes years of care to grow up
not even a moment’s tear to tear up

My morbid world
is shifting so swift
as fast moving meadowy green scenerama
outside the window
Though, from now whoever, you know—

Love or Leave

If you belove me  I am your heartizen
If you delove me  I am your heartburn

(‘!’)  Love me  (‘\/’)
or
leave me alone



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.9.54
Chapter 54: Traversing on Artmosphere


Skywayfarers
I want complete freedom as of sky
,,  ,,  lavish liberation  as of ocean
eternal & returnal voyage on my way

I can go at ease if the way I know
If anybody wants that way to go
only then I can show
....  Bemused, Somidh was looking thru the window over long journey to Paris. He was then trying to sketch the amazing ocean of clouds above which their skycraft was floating like a ship. On the air losing the grip, the drawing was not at all productive. The airhostess served him coffee in his tray. Unmindfully he tore a strip of salt and mixed it in his cup of coffee. stirred it with spoon. about to sip, when the guy next to him watching his sketch stopped him abruptly
== What are u doing man? gonna take it! I’m getting it changed. 
He called a hostess and requested her => Please change his cup and bring him another cup of coffee. as he has mixed salt instead of sugar in his coffee.
Somidh was utterly embarrassed seeing an unknown man watching him faltering.
He said the man => Thank u. but you need not call the hostess. She was grinning at me, what would she think of me? Somidh closing his sketchbook.
== Artist? Next seat guy queried.
== I don't know if I am yet. just wannabe. you? Somidh was looking at the cloud over the window, mulling >> 
It is not sure if we can be artist
but if our heart is pure
we can be heartist

== Me?  I’m Gabriel Madrid. a Pilot.
== I’m Somidh Som. Glad to meet with you.
== May I see your sketchbook?
Somidh handed over the sketchbook to Gabriel.
Gabriel looked through it and returned to him: All sketches of cloud? What u plan to do with these?
== Not yet thought over it. Now just trying if a few sketches can be done. simply to beautilize the time on this long journey. might be a part of cloudscape series later. But it’s impossible to draw in the air. 
....  The airhostess served Somidh a fresh cup of coffee + gifting her free sweet smile. Gabriel winked her grinning => Thank you. 
When she’s gone, Gabriel asked Somidh => I like this girl, Isn’t she beautiful?
== Being a prexperienced aero pilot you know far better than me that they won’t have been hired by the airways to serve the passengers, if they weren’t young and beautiful.
....  Every time they’re passing by with food and drinks, Gabriel was amusing with the girls with remarks => Oh yes, but you look at this girl, ravishing!
Somidh said => They also seem to be familiar with your face.
== Just a lil. with a few of them. Because I don’t yet work for this airline, I work on different airline. I came to Singapore to appear for the interview of pilot.
== They gave you this cattle class seat?
== They gave me business class seat when I came to Singapore for interview, but on this return journey, they placed me here, I don’t know why. May be they've come to know i'm a cattle trader too.
Nevertheless, Gabriel wasn’t much concerned about that. He was more interested in flirting with the girls, beautilizing the slightest propertunity.
Seeing him womaniac about woman, Somidh joked: If your wife hears yours womaniac remarks, what might she think?
== My wife? He laughed a broad laughter. Gabriel picked up his gadget on his lap to open. He scrolled on the picture of his bulky wife and grown up daughter to add: They look after our farm near Santiago, Chile. And this is the picture of my father, he showed the wall picture of a sturdy bull.
Somidh shocked => What are you talking about? Shocking! You’re calling a bull your father? In some parts of India, cattle are worshiped as mother and father. But in Chile?
== What’s shocking about it? He who gives me to eat is my father. My farm off Santiago is a cattle farm. We have several hundred high quality cattle, pigs and lambs. We sell high breed calves at high price, besides dairy milk products. Then he took pride to show on his list of healthy cows, breeding bulls, pigs and lambs in details.
....  Meanwhile in the gossip, their destination airport Paris reached. Landing in De Gaulle airport, they bade goodbye to each other and dispersed.

Heartistic Erratica
....  That was months back.
Traversing on artmosphere as an artravler, then Somidh was on the road, when he perceived =>
You don’t have to search the way
if you be the rare treader
or can make the way
the way will find you
to take you away
 
....  Somidh then on the nearly desolate, irregular untrotten road off the beaten path to a castle across the Rhine, chanced to meet the pair of bicyclists who were coming from the opposite direction, while he was on the walkway. Both the sides exchanged glances and smiles, as they did not expect to meet any traveler, to make short cut.
The woman greeted him => Pree-vyeht (hi!), Stoj! (Stop)! 
Somidh stopped => Hi!
==  Vy govorite po-russki? (You speak Russian?)
Somidh could guess she was Russian, nothing more.
==  Nyet! (no)? 
....  Both sides halted to get information on the condition of the forlorn walkway lying ahead. The pair was walking the way because the female biker's bike was creating a nagging problem, which could not be repaired there, as there were none but them and they had to walk on the forlorn rugged track pushing the battered bike. The pretty woman named Olga Pavlova was from Russia, while her mate Hans Olsen from Denmark. Meeting Olga Pavlova, Somidh premembered the myth of Russian women's beauty, but mused how she might look after 40 years as an old granny babushka! ... The word Olga associated his mind to the river Volga, the Kremlin, the past soviet regime, perestroika, glasnost, Mayakovski, the great wars and the cold war days between Russia and America, which could even lead to another great war. At least once an impending danger of world war III was said to be averted, by a Russian military officer Stanislav Petrov—simply working on his own intuitions, and not by orders from the higher level. for which he was reprimanded later by his superiors, until the fall of the Soviet union—when he was hailed for his bravado. An image of illusory missile attack by America, was adjudged by him as in fact a technical illusion, which he decided to ignore and let it go simply on his own girt and risk. Somidh  asked Olga: What actually is the condition of your country now a day?
== Why asking actually? you think of propaganda? there were several hidden pranks among the people that time.
== Cite one. Somidh curious.
== After death, Stalin was confused where to settle => in heaven or in hell?  First, he wanted to see the conditions of heaven and hell in his own eyes. He saw the inhabitants of the heaven are meditating in silence, while the dwellers of the hell are eating voraciously, drinking, singing and dancing. So he chose to dwell in the hell. Then the guards took him to a huge pan in the burning oven, where humans boil  / in the oil. 
So he protested: But I saw a happy hell! 
== That was sheer propaganda—learnt from your regime, replied the guards.
Lol
....  Knowing the problem of her bike, Somidh offered them to repair the bike to be temporarily workable with their toolkits. They doubted, yet had no alternative but to rely on him to get it repaired, as they would fail to meet their tailor made budget schedule, to cover the route up to Amsterdam within 7 days, if they have to drag the bike by hand, walking to their next stop.
Keeping his backpack on the road, Somidh brushed aside their doubts: Let me try. Previously we had a bicycle repairing shop as a part of our family profession. I worked there during my high school days. I'm making it somehow workable temporarily as of now, until you get any spare part to be changed in your next stop shop.
== A lone walker off the beaten path? Are you an artist? Olga presumed seeing his sack with art material.
== Any real artist has to go alone on own way. Isn't it? Somidh replied while he was repairing.
== Why? Artists mostly use the easiest and shortest route to get fame, sales and riches on the beaten path. Simply go with the flo. You don’t? Tonsured Hans Olsen amazed.
Somidh didn't respond. Simply smiled. He thought, would it be of any use to be explicit to them on his outlook / who might eye it with doubtlook, which is clear to him? He mulled:
In your regular life
on the beaten path go with the regular flo
then you can vie to grab the pie
Else you’ll be outpaced to get blow

In your art or poetry off the beaten path
Go on your signature way only
Else you’ll be a short time entry
to be weeded out in the aftermath

....  They exchanged information about the shortest possible routes from east to west and east to parts of their European itinerary. As the duo, biking from Oslo and Moscow had already done biking tour to Helsinki in Finland to Copenhagen, Saint Petersburg to Vladivostok, and was then going en route crossing the lake Constance in Austria to Germany and continue to France, Holland, Portugal and Spain. While Somidh was to walk just a portion along the same way then only in Germany—taking the Rhene and Romantic Rhine route—about which some artists and writers are very fond of. Almost twenty castles on the way, some of which Olga and Hans have already crossed over biking. Some of the castles even allow the visitors to stay there.  but Hans cautioned him mentioning a castle where they stayed the previous night—not to spend there night as ghost was the host there!
{While repairing the bike, the mention of castle-ghost mused him automatically to retrieve the imagery from his memory bank since his childhood days...
....  An old man is riding in the back carrier of a bicycle pedaled by his son, to buy emergency medicine for his critically ailing wife. at night. in a remote sylvan village. The rocky sylvan ally / in the valley. has no light  anywhere. Having no idea where they can buy medicine, after riding for a few hours— they hear from a passerby that it might be available in a nearby village where bicycle cannot go. So the son goes to buy the medicine in the village. leaving his father with the bicycle there in the dark night. After an hour, the son returns and they are returning to their home. The old man asks his son if he has got the medicine—he nods his head while pedaling. in black cap and long coat. Then on the way whatever the old man asks, he nods his his head only in the affirmity each time. Smelling something wrong, the old man asks his son to stop the bicycle. But he nods only without stopping and pedals more hurriedly. At last, they fall in a ditch in a long grassy land. The old man though severely hurt, looks at the face of his son— only to discover the face of a ferocious skeleton with hollow eyes emitting horrific fire toward him— his hands of bare bones squeezing his throat— the old man shouts in horror and faints……
....  In the next morning in front of a village castle outside the large circular storage of rice paddy, there are a few benches where little girls and boys are reading aloud the rhymes as taught by the rural pundit. And the old man is laid beside the ditch of the castle amidst the tall grass blades— profusely bleeding and surrounding him scores of curious children’s eyes..... The evening falls and several female and male skeletons of

(o\/o)  (^)(^)  <>/\<>  (oLo)

ghosts covering their body shrouded with black cloaks—entering the castle riding on bicycles crossing the small bamboo bridge surrounding the castle...... 
Actually, this imagery roused him from his sleep in horror many a nights in his puerility!}
....  However, why this imagery of ghost didn't appear to him that night of telling ghost stories to Shrota, at their first meet on the river dam at Valukchera? Strange! Then why it appeared now here in another continent, where the situation is quite different? He mused. He found the answer. Because, here the biking + the castle were common—what in Valukchera wasn't…… 
....  Meanwhile the bike was ready after repair.
== Awesome! Olga got a test ride. Nee-chee-voh! (It’s all right. No problem!)  We were skeptic if you would be able to repair the bike, without having the spare with only the little tools we have. Spasibo! (Thank you). Olga told him, let's celebrate, before we depart.
....  The place on the road was wet after the rainfall. On 1 side of the road were green hills. On the other side—large green meadow. A few heavy vehicles parked down the side lanes. a few trash cans placed there. Let’s finish our lunch here. Olga Proposed. they had a brief lunch there sharing the food they had with one another. 
== A great feast! Hans commented.
== Prijatnogo appetita! (Bon appetit), Olga cherished. 
However, none other was there to use the waiting trashcans sans them. 
== Ceased the drizzle / now let’s sizzle. Olga offered Somidh a shot of Vodka. Toasted up raising her bottle: Zuh vahs! (To You).
Hans too followed her. A fashionista, she lighted up another cigarette and bade goodbye to Somidh : Poka!
Rhyme of the Rhine
....  Beside the hilly track forests and vineyards and wine making brewery, Somidh reached beside the Rhine to board on a vessel to Binen ..... There on the roadside way rosebushes and grasses / he   stopped over to discover his subject, not simply to be for his hotshot but also for his sketch. Beside the river on a grassy land, were sitting 2 teeny rosy lasses in their early teens. While sketching them his flickering introception:
You’re throwing flower
 of youth in the fire
 in the budding spring
 On the riverside land in grasses
 sitting 2 teeny rosy lasses
 in their early teens
 Bushes of roses 
 blooming all around them
 (())  (())  (())  ((!)) (())

The Rhine riverine breeze
 blowing over their blonde hair
 Travelers to and from the boats
 passing them, taking snaps
 They had no reason no reaction
 Only posy of rosy giggling presentation
....  They were simply enjoying the bright sunny afternoon. less talking and more giggling. Karmic Somidh could not bypass the charmic scene to ignore. It may be a bit aromantic atavism of retreating to the time of the reigndom of the castles! Rowing down the stream to the golden past time of building the olden castle on the river. At least, when he was sketching the girls, sitting in the grass— his muse streaming then on that way— while the duo was still babbling and giggling. 

Each & every bloom has a boom
has a gloom has a doom

Yet as if these girls have appeared
 out of those classical paintings
 of the yester years of centuries back
 like the Rhymes of the Rhine
 near to the ancient castle
 As if they will not age in yon times
 will not be old and heartificial
 ,,  not bloom so not to fall 
 ,,  not wrinkle
 ,,  not dwindle
 ,,  not die
 ,,  not get any pain
 ,,  never cry
 ,,  have no problem
 ,,  not face any war
 any holocaust
 ,,  bomb
 ,,  terror
 ,,  horror
to them
Any pollution
has solution

 these 2 ageless
 painless sinless
 ever viewing impeccable giggling rose girls!
....  After more than an hour when Somidh finished his sketch initially and went on to board the vessel, the teeny duo was still giggling. as will be forever….
....  Onboard the vessel on the Rhine was an elatic journey. Train running on the on the bank track. majestic castles. hills. forests. Riesling vineyards on the bank— were sceneramic and the people on board were the subjects he drew with a sizzling sip of locally made red wine Dornfelder at the deck’s bar. But hours before when he was walking beside the same train corridor / on the shore / and stopped over / at a café, some local revelers were disagreed over / the fast corridor / where the vigorous sound of trains carrying goods for all over Europe, have been sound pollution to them—robbing their peaceful sleep at night + the calm serenity of the places on the banks of the Rhine! One among them was stoic to observe => Nothing we can do now. Der zug ist schon abgefahren (The train has already left).

Florentine Artraveler
....  The snow peaks of Swiss Alps drew him to draw. From Mt. Titlis he reached Berne — in the clear sunny day he again got the view of the far flanked Alps at the backdrop, for his sketchlook from the mountain garden / then to sketch the antics fountain / at the city squares including the ones near to the house of the once patient office clerk there Albert Einstein.
....  Stopping over at a little town Cittadella in Italy, for pastelling an ancient citadel, he went on to roaming in the artists' Mecca Florence—to have a feel of the then artistic ambience prevailed at the time of the Florentine school. [Patch => Florentine fav renaissance artists painters sculptors and architects included Botticelli, Michelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, Raphael, Donatello, Ghiberti, Alberti and Bruneschelli et al. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes]. He was thrilled thinking that on the same place and same streets and alleys several centuries ago, the great master artists were hanging out—where even now, after five centuries he was tracing their touches! 
....  Out of the museums streaming / young artists on the olden cobbled streets & alleys teeming / still dreaming big / drawing big. Somidh attentively marked the drawings and the creative eagerness painted on their young faces. Some were making musical vive with instruments as he was used to see it in the bridge on the Seine or in Montmartre in Paris.  He strolled towards the Arno riverside where some young artists were busy with their works. The bridge on the river Arno at Ponte Vechhio was still a place to hangout. [Patch => The shops of jewellery and goldsmiths on the Ponte Vechhio bridge were glittering with the customers. Since the 13th century, this bridge housed other kinds of shops including butchers, fishmongers and tanners. The industrial wastes of the butchered animals on the area produced acute stench and filth. So in 1593 Ferdinand 1 decreed  to  allow only the jewelers and goldsmith shops to remain on the bridge. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes]. 
....  However, Somidh still felt he could ear the fearful hoarse die-cry and fleshy raw smell of the slaughtering animals …..  
 That only knows the river ~A~r~n~o~
 which is  the only witness still flows
 Those slaughtered animals
 their fearful angry futile hue and die-cry
 river  of blood of beheaded carcass
 all within sleep, as if they still tear
 into their ultifate on their endscape
 and chase the butcher
 piercing with horns & kicks & outcry
 suddenly springing out of the ~Arno~ river~


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.10.55
Chapter 55: Picnic Kicknick


Omni Pundit’s Fizza 20
....  Omni Pundit was moving out of the barstool, semi circling the counter taking his glass in hand, just then, the chef Fernando came over to him talking with a foreigner friend, Punditda said: Hi Nando, quanto tempo? (not seen you long time?)
....  Hearing Omni Pundit struggling to talk in Portuguese, Nando’s friend was amused, when Nando introduced him: Punditda, meet my Brazilian friend Paulo Batista, the famous futebol player of Red & Gold Club. and he is Romnis Pundit, a professor and scientist, our dear friend philosopher and guide here. In addition, for me—Punditda is also a maker of unique recipes. 
== Wow, Batista! Bem-vindo (welcome)! Viva Brazil! how come here? tudo bem? (everything good)? Handshaking warmly OP welcomed him. 
== Tudo bem. Obrigado (thank you). Batista smiled.
== Your adherent Songket Sharma brought his teammate Batista here, when he referred to my name as chef working here. We knew each other when I was working in a Panaji hotel, and he was playing for a Goa team. Nando explained.
== Songket! Horribilis! where’s that bugger? has he come? OP looking allover for him turned furicious.  
== Look there gone to your table.
== Batista, Come.
....  OP occupied his chair with the roundtable in a corner of Bangasudha and simply pulled an ear of Songket: Song, you hylobates hoolock, you think yourself a great player, a Ronaldo, eh?  Tell me, did I refer you to the club secretary of Red & Gold and other big teams or not? And you left me in the lurch? Being a callow boy from Biswapur? Who asked you to come here, get out! An empty cowshed is better than having a wicked cow. He lamblasted Songket. 
== Oh, Guru, it pains, release my ear please, OK, I made a mistake. no more such will be done. Yea I promise. Sure, you’ll see. Songket grinning brazenly.
Punditda released his ear: No, you must pay your penalty.
== What penalty you wanna slap? Songket afraid.
==  Omni Pundit guzzles a fizz / bites pizza / fuzzles his fizza: We will celebrate here our special guest player Batista amongst us.  and toast to him with a picnic dinner—and Song, you will host the bill.
== Oh, boss this dinner picnic / is a very harsh penalty kicknick, sudden death. Please consider a cut. Songket fumbled. grumbled.
== I’ve a little idea from the media reports how well you’re paid for just kicking the ball. And how the income tax officers run after you! So don’t argue with me. Otherwise, it will be a sudden death kicknick. And get lost.
== Ok boss, done. when I’m in lion’s cave, I’ll have to accede.
== The girls there were charmed by the 2 massmeric footballers’ presence on the table, and Punditda’s captaincy. Hita Haait detected: Now Songket is a famous player/ and you’re pulling his ear? Punditda?
== Horribilis! Today famous. Tomorrow? Tomorrow aged and out of form they will kick him out instead of the ball like an old prostitute—unless he becomes exceptionally an all-time great. Moreover, today famous so what? Any tail’s grown behind him for that? I know him from when he was just a little kid wearing only birthday suit in Biswapur, kicking rubber ball on the beach with fellow lads. For who he is famous? Who knew him in Kolkata? Had I not introduced this rustic player with the influential club bosses? Hey Song, baboon—Hylobates Hoolock, tell them the truth. Rampaging OP was on the triumphage.
== That’s true. without Romda I couldn’t reach where I’m now. I’m not ungrateful. not that. I couldn’t come here because I was engaged so much with the plays and activities. Ask Batista, he knows how busy we are now a days. tight schedule. Now both of us will be busy for changing our clubs to play for The Green Maroon Club.  Songket tried to selfortify his plea for his long absence from BangaSudha, like a probedient follower of OP.
....  {Omni Pundit’s mute muse…. I’m like the discarded skin cover of peanuts…Impropertunists throw me out after they use me.
The skin covers peanuts
to grow with utmost care
When grown up they discard the skin
to get the nut uncover

....  I know Song, how busy u are. busy without business. Shrota also assumed that rightly. However, I won’t mention Shrota’s name here as it is their personal affair that led them to split….}
Instead, he said: Song, now is your primetime— Grab money save the country.
Lol
You’ll have everything now, which later might evaporate. 
You rise and fall
Shine and outshine
as you wish & perish
do AND die

OP haunted his past, pseudo saddened => Seeing me now will anybuddy believe, once I too had everything —> bank balance, car, house, young pretty lover?
Lol
Suhit’s  taunt: How all vaporized?
Punditda innocently replied expelling a deep sigh: One day my wife could know everything.
Lol
== Then what she did? Amused Roqea liked to know.
== Horribilis! Ro Ro, then as feared, she bedeviled me on each and everytime. her memory was miserable.
== Why? Did she forget everything? Masuma curious.
== She did forget nothing. By no means. Punditda distraught. 
Lol
== You’re laughing? I’m furicious!
Riotous Laughter
....  Punditda seemed to be saddened => Now seeing my condition like a tiny rat, you’re laughing! As seeing the tiny rat, invited in a tiger’s wedding party, everybody had slighted it in bolstering laughter and challenged its audacity to enter into, not a small cat’s — but a big cat’s party, when the rat sneered: Now you’re jeering me as a tiny rat, but I was also a big tiger like you before my marriage!
Belly Laughter
....  When the laughter receded, Chokita chuckled expecting another spell of laughter => Oh, I can't laugh more, did your wife battered you from the very beginning?
== Horribilis! Choki, not at all. At first emotions were running high. Even we decided where the other would stay, if any one of us dies earlier than the other.
== Where?
== In that case, I will go to live with my sister, my wife said and counterrogated me: Where will you live if I die first?
== I will go also to live with your sister.
Hilarious laughter
== Then? Masuma wanted to know.
== Then still she was boasting of me; as she was gossiping to her crony => marrying me, within a few months, my husband’s fortune has soared up so high, that he has turned to a daily wage earner from a millionaire!
Hysterical laughter
== Afterwards what became the condition of your house? Now joining the bandwagon Lori looked for.
==  Horribilis! Lori, not like such a noisy deafening fishbazaar, as here in bangasudha. Then existed peace, tranquility and perfect harmony in our house in silence—as neither I talk with my wife nor she talks to me!
Contaminant laughter
== Then? Unman served the game.
== Horribilis! He furthered, Then gradually by voracious eating & drinking, she gained so much fat that she had to attend to rigorous fitness regime in home. She was trimming and sliming… to leaning and thinning and thinning … that one fine morning I discovered that—
== That! Everybody was anxious to know about her current condition if she died!
Punditda just added —> THAT with all her belongings + some most precious of mine, she fizzled out of my house in the dark and evaporated!
Riotous Laughter
....  Waiter Sultan appeared at the table for taking orders. Punditda asked him to come after they decide over menu.
Then looking at his peers he said => You just fix up a menu and order for all; of course consulting Batista, if he would like the local Bangla cuisine prepared by his friend Nando. Punditda wondered rubbing his lawless  hair with one hand.
== Batista has been now accustomed with Bangla cuisine, and he can understand and speak Bangla a little, if not well, after living here for a considerable time. Songket highlighted his friend’s current status.
== I like Fernando’s cooked food very much. When I was in Goa, we often hanged out with other players in his restaurant to taste his preparation. Then we lost contact. He went to work for a food chain in Pune and I came here to join the Red and Gold club. Then one day I suddenly got his phone. he asked me to meet him here. I haven’t known this pub before. So asked Songket where about it. He said he knows it well as well as Fernando, as it was his rendezvous. And he has brought me here. 
== How do you like here in Kolkata leaving Brazil for a long time, Batista? Chokita chuckled.
== Really, I’ve played in a few other countries, also in Lisbon, Portugal, but the love I got from the fuetbol crazy supporters here, I haven’t got elsewhere except for a short stint in Dhaka. In my country, I ain’t such famous as I’m here. As there are many players, better than I am. Therefore, I have decided to settle here. and apply for Indian citizenship.
== Really? But your family? Will they agree to live here leaving your own country? Preya Pathok’s query. 
== My parents aren’t that much willing to. as they’re engrossed there. Nevertheless, my wife and daughter are already hooked here. Daughter attending school here.
== Strange! Several Brazilian living here now >> after more than one and a half century a Bong Indian had lived in Brazil. Punditda preminded.
== Back that time an Indian lived in Brasil! Strange! I didn't know that. What’s his name?
== Colonel Suresh Biswas. [Patch => Suresh Chandra Biswas was a dare devil boy fighting with animals as well as altercating with British army men, working as a guide in Spence's hotel, Kolkata. He shipped himself to Yangon, Myanmar at the age of 14. There he got the love of a beautiful woman whom he saved, but no job. So again shipped, this time to Britain. working in a circus. one night he was found in romance, rather womance, completely drunk out with 2 women in the bed. A German girl of 14 of the Circus, who fled from her home, loved him. When in Germany with the circus party, again the duo contacted. her resourceful father drove Suresh out of Germany. Then via United States, ultimately he settled in Brazil. Worked as a circus trainer, a lecturer in Portuguese and finally as a Lieutenant Colonel in the Brazilian army. a hero in controlling the Brazilian Naval Rebellion. married a local doctor's daughter. This globetrotter became an important man in the then society of Rio de Janeiro, until his death in 1905 at the age of 44 only. Source: Wanderer's Wordrobes.]
== Sorry, we were not aware of this great Indian adventurer in Brazil long ago! But Punditda—can I call u Punditda — ? Batista asked permission.
== Of course, go on.
== But Punditda, in a sense you’re wrong.
== How! Punditda’s surprise.
== Colonel Biswas wasn’t the first Indian there. In fact, the different tribes of the Native American Indians had been living there before thousands of years in that country even long before the first Westerner Pedro Alvares Cabral arrived at Porto Seguro.  And the land was eventually named as Brasil from the cargo of red wood called pau brasil (brasil wood) in Europe then. Informed Batista.
== Actually Pau Brasil was a variety of red wood then popular for making violin bows and cabinet et al, was the name of the variety of East Indian red wood. And because the brasil wood was similar to that, it was also called pau brasil. Punditda supplemented. 
== Originally I’m the descendant of an indigenous Brazilian Indian tribe from the Norte, that's north, who used to speak the Tupi-Guarani language before the Portuguese came.
== Oh. you're rich here as a famous player, but you hail from the Norte of Brasil, that is according to 'Belindia' theory compared to poor India, for its so called poverty, and the richer South is compared to rich Belgium. Therefore, you're a true Indian in 2 counts! Ain't it for that reason you say I’m wrong? 
== Yes, by all means, Batista grinned.
== Horribilis! Wow! Great to know that you’re also an Indian.
== Indian, but still I’m needing a permanent residency permit to live in India! Batista joked and then added, Not only that. As one pundit and specialist on Amerindians rights of the North and South America, many of whom like me know him, told me, when I found him in my last visit to my city Rio de Janeiro. He asked me to meet the man—whom he thinks an Omni Pundit man in case of need, while I stay in Kolkata, at the BangaSudha tavern. So yesterday, when Songket said he knows Romnis Pundit very well from his childhood, who’s like his bigbrother, I didn’t consider twice grabbing the opportunity to come here to meet that amazing man! And I believe I’m sitting in front of that right man right this moment!
....  Everybody was not very surprised to hear Batista’s account, as they were used to hear sporadically this kind of utterance from strangers here.
== But you might be wrong. Mistaking me with another. Did he particularly mention my name? Omni Pundit asked.
== Certainly, he said Romnis Pundit aka Omni Pundit.
== Oh. Very Strange! Whom that gentleman might be that knows me personally in your country? 
== His name is Ken Richards. He was from US, then a visiting professor in Rio, Batista replied. 
== Oh. Squanto! Yes. I was wondering who it might be!  Yea. Ken is a distinguished friend of mine. A down to earth man. Very learned on the topics of Amerindians. And a legal battler for their rights in the 2 Americas. Ken Richards is also a key member of our UniEarth Club.
== How did you meet him at first, where? Lori quizzed.
== That was @ Stamford. Where I was chanced to meet him first. Lastly many times in Washington and at our UniEarth Club Meet programs — that you coordinated.
== Oh, I remember him, the Native Indian professor who spoke very nicely.
....  Waiter Sultan reappeared at the table for taking orders. But there was difference among the guests about what should be the special menu of picnic in honor of Batista. Therefore, everybody asked Punditda to fix the menu for food and drinks.
Punditda asked Sultan to call the chef Fernando.  Punditda told Fernando => Hey Nando, (showing Songket) Este, senhor pagara? tudo (this gentleman will pay for everything), but they can’t fix a special dish in honor of Batista. So tell me can you prepare here Brazil’s national dish Feijoada?
Both Fernando and Batista were elated => I used to do that in Goa for the Brazilian guests. Here also I can prepare it. however, it will take time to prepare this here specially. can you sit and wait a bit for it?
== Should we not sit then do what? dance Samba? But why should we wait for it and get bored? Censured Punditda.
== Then how? —  puzzled Nando quipped.
== Oh, Nando, you’ve also gone jackass with this herd of Equus Africanus. All are stumped by Punditda’s enigma for the time being. Then he turned into more riddle: You will get your time to prepare Feijoada and at the same time, we won't be bothered to wait for it.
Again everybody is kept wondering but nobody uttered, how? Because nobody wanted to be bamboozled by Punditda. So Punditda finally broke the riddles => What’s the suitable drink with Feijoada?— Cachaça? So we’ll taste Cachaça while you prepare Feijoada. OK, Nando?
Everybody mildly thumped table in delight hearing his classic glassic suggestion on the drink: Hear hear!
== Very appropriate drink with Feijoada. But Punditda, they do not keep stock of Cachaça, as few customers know it here. Only I’ve just a few bottles in my personal fav collection.
== Ok, whatever little stock you have you sell us, we 9 of us will share now. Then you again get stocked.
== That’s ok, Punditda, But you are 8 sitting here! Where’s the 9th? Nando enquired.
== The 9th is YOU. You’ll also have to come to join our feast. Friends do you support it?
== By all means we second it. Hita Haait looked at everybody’s face and approved it wholeheartedly.
== I’m honored. But Punditda it’s beyond our custom here. A staff can’t sit to eat with the guest in duty hours!
== You leave it to me. OP raised his hand to draw the attention of the Manager inside the counter, sitting behind the bartender. 
The Manager raised his hand to ask (what?).
Omni Pundit showed Fernando beside him—then signaled by hand mimicking eating—(Fernando will sit with us—to eat with us—OK?)
The Manager grinned and granted permission showing his hand in the posture of Buddha.
....  Punditda affirmed: Now you’re assured? Go. send us a bottle of Cachaça to get us a taste shot.
Fernando went to do his duty with Punditda’s precommendation.
Batista now remarked => Now I understand, why you’re called Omni Pundit.
Punditda taken aback, said: You also sayin’ this? I’ll have to affidavit changing my name given by my father.
Batista responded: Still people will call you by this trademark™ name for your variance of knowledge on many subjects. Punditda, I’m glad that you are aware of our culture and amazed how could you know these? Have you ever gone to Brazil?
== You know the Mars. Have you been there? Can a person go, or even need to go any and everywhere in the universe—to perceive or know a little about a subject or a place? Will to know is the main thing. And where there is will there is way. Right?
== Absolutely. Batista nodded his propinion. However, if you go there, you may stay in my place in Rio. Batista offered.
== Thank you for that. Nevertheless, Rio de Janeiro? That means you’re a Carioca. Not a Paulite?
== Yes, at present you can call me a Carioca. Come to Rio de Janeiro once.
== Maracanã, Favela tour, Copacabana beach, Sugarloaf mountain, Corcovado, Cristo Redentor, Samba, night life, the Carnival.... these are which the tourists do crave, do not suffice for me.
== Then? What else? 
== The Amazon rainforest. Which still comprises nearly 30% of the world’s biodiversity! Apart from the peculiar trees and animals there, I wanna check out certain medicinal herbs for my projects, which the tribal use there, not to be found elsewhere.
== Ok. No problem. it'll be done. I’ve my contacts in Manaus, the gateway to Amazon....
....  Nevertheless, Omni Pundit no more was hearing anything from anybody for the time being. Overcasting his intension and mentension he covered to hover over the rainforest Evading the fast life of humanforest......
Fast life
,,  time
,,  start
,,  buck
,,  food
,,  sight
,,  love
,,  rhythm
,,  rhyme
,,  reason
,,  success
,,  finish
Past time

Yet I thirst
to revert
to jungle
first to opt
slow life
,,  start
,,  end

As
I don’t pass time by pastime
rather the time passes to surpass me
into a passé of past time



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.11.56
Chapter 56: Wizards Wane Wonders Win


Thread of Premembrance
== I was very happy our UniEarth Meet that time was held without any hit and flaw due to your able supervision. But I must admit Lori, hearing your sharp tongue like H2SO4 or Sulphuric Acid at first, I had guesstimated your ability and prudence wrongly seeing your very young age. Really, you did an estimable job! Omni Pundit thus thanked Lori, who had well orchestrated the attending Guests and the Meet.
== But this won’t suffice Romda. You must give me prize for this. Lori had bluntly demanded.
== What prize do you want?
== The prize I wanted was to go with you to South America, but I’ve been selected for a visit to Cern on a study tour there for four weeks, Prof. Boris Spitz informed me a while ago. So I can’t go with you this time. But I’ll seek my prize to you some other time whenever needed.
== Congrats for being selected! Have a bright future.  Ok. Lori, you’ll get the prize from me as and when you'll want. He was greatly relieved that time for she had to go to Cern. Otherwise, it could be difficult to take her with himself to the South. he precalled now.
....  Later this time he feared if Lori could know of his trip to South America, she would definitely press and mess him to take her with him. As he was in search of any hint that the aliens alighted down from their ancient spacecrafts at any place over there. Because after the return from the Zer0stan, whether their spacecraft Zer0Ferrier manned by Nabik-Nova, will be able to land in Nazca or somewhere else—if their Vudeep becomes completely taken over by the rising level of seawater or by some mega power, if detected! So, in the interest of their projects, the secret information can’t be divulged now to a heady giddy girl like the irresistible Lori.

Biker Hiker
....  After a few days, from Miami Omni Pundit flew over to Santiago. There he was jogging agog early in the next morning, only dogs followed him, wafting tails in the early morning. Another man was also jogging nearby. Yet what a coincidence! During the lunchtime, OP was crossing the street near Av Manuel Montt at Providencia, to enter into a Restaurando called Gem of India. when abruptly a car in high speed out of nowhere screeching its wheels touched him to stop from behind. Ignoring, Omni Pundit thanked his luck to remain alive, as he was precautioned, it is the pedestrians—who mostly die here in an accident committed due to rash driving. So he just shrugged off and was about to enter the restaurant when the man, might be 53, with his young cute girlfriend came to his side and said => Sorry, in English.
Ok no matter, Smiling Omni Pundit added => You had already met me near the park jogging in the morning, he said in his miserable Spanish, which puzzled the duo, who asked: Indian?
== Yes, but you guessed me Indian as I’m entering the Indian restaurant? OP crossed.
== I’m a Chilean, I love Indian food, so we often visit here as others do. They have a special meat dish, rarely available here. mostly for their European tourist customers. as we’ve lived in Europe, we liked it, so we come here also. 
== Which meat— Llama Guanicoe?
== Yea Guanacos. In its continental cuisine, they prepare a fantastic dish here—Lamasalla. Not only for that you’re coming to an Indian restaurant, so I presumed that you’re an Indian.
== Then? Any other reason?
== Months back, I met an Indian Artist in an aircraft to Paris. You’ve resemblance with him on colour of skin and pronunciation. Did you know him?
== Artist? name?
== Let me remember, oh yes, Somidh Som or—
== Strange, He’s my friend, currently staying there! Your name?
== I’m Gabriel Madrid.
== Glad to meet with you Senor Madrid. I’ll tell Somidh about you. But now may I ask, are you a pilot, and she an airhostess? Cocpitian? Omni Pundit grinned.
== How did you guess?
== The speed you drive car is that of an aircraft, he chuckled. Moreover, if you’re a pilot, the senora might be an airhostess, simple. Gabriel Madrid and his companion broke into a hearty laughter and went to a separate section of the restorando marked as Lovebirds. 
Omni Pundit saw the Restorando Owner greeted the pair with smile. in blue silk sari. white hair.
....  After that time with Somidh in the air to Paris, Gabriel Madrid went to Madrid to holiday there. Being a party animal, he partied the nightlife there voraciously. Shopped his fav specialty items, not easily available in Santiago. He reached his Santiago city address and spending honey weeks there with his girlfriend. where he accidentally met Omni Pundit near the restaurant. Thereafter Gabriel went to his home at the ranch, off the suburbia. 
Gabriel asked his wife => Honey, did a puma abruptly enter from the jungle into our kitchen, as I heard?
== Yes it did. But what's that to you? Have you any time for these trifles? You're then enjoying with the beautiful airhostesses! Never in my life had I your assistance in crises. You aren’t man, you are animal, a manimal. Perhaps the puma didn’t know that it was entering the house of the great womaniac Pilot Gabriel Madrid. If it knew, it would salute this house in the absence of His Excellency senor Gabriel Madrid and didn’t enter! It simply had the smell of the cattle in the ranch to hound. Nevertheless, it should have eaten me instead. Then I would have been at least free from your more ferocious paws in peace. His rueful wife Jovana was yelling. 
Gabriel tried to pacify her => No no what're you talking about, honey? But mulled the animal should have at least pawed her vocal cord, so that her abusive sound box would have been punctured. He further probed => Where it gone?
== The Puma forgot to notify me before it’s gone. The police got it sedated and sent it to the zoo. Jovana, feeding the cows, informed: One Lucas Gomez from Montevideo, came here to meet you.
== Lucas came here? The Uruguayan biker? He asked.
== Yes, he told me he is your friend.
== Yea, but will he be back, when?
== How will he be back? He will be in jail. 
== Jail! What for?
== He was booked for alleged child-abuse with a 12-year-old boy. Of course how better friend can be expected of you, who’s always skirt chasing the airhostesses and women copilots, younger than his daughter? You will also be caught and jailed for seducing women. I won’t go there to release you, let you live in jail for life. Jovana slapped her usual chargeshit on her husband at the top decibel......
== Gabriel as usual shrugged off his slapper fat wife Jovana’s harsh curse.
....  However, that very time at Lucas Gomez's home at his town—his missing raised eyebrows among his consociates. 
== Why Interpol red alert was reported to have been issued against Lucas, if he hasn’t abused the minor boy? Asked Lucas's one neighbor to his mother. 
== This is utterly a baseless allegation. All the townies know my son Lucas very well that he is a good guy. He can’t do anything wrong like this. We are extremely happy to see him in the news, lost for the past 4 months. However, I knew we’d get him back soon. Claimed Jacinta, mother of the 58-year-old Uruguayan adventurer Lucas Gomez.
....  Lucas drove from his country on his bike to the Chilean Capital Santiago, where he allegedly abused the child.  Then he crossed over to Argentina. Meanwhile his bike broke on the way nearing the Andes Mountains and abandoned. Yet being determined to cross the mountain on foot to reach Chile, having no prexperience in mountaineering, he had been negotiating his way in the mountain for days. Meanwhile the winter had set in the southern hemisphere in April. he lost the trace of any way after a snowstorm. every sign of way marked by him effaced and whitewashed in snow. snow. snow. everywhere. everyhere. everythere. nothing but snow. he was nowhere in the white snowhere. little food with him exhausted. he had merely any warm clothes suitable to withstand the subzero extreme temperature on the mountains. found a little cave shelter used by shepherds during the summer. they had left long the shelter / before the break of the winter. they left a little food, drinks and resin in the cave before leaving. that sustained him a few days. then no food. no water. he caught a few mountain rats and an owl. Eating those a few days spent. He quenched his thirst taking ice. again no food. no water. no way. no hope. no man in the wilderness to rescue him. After his missing news, rescue parties were sent on his search. however, after they failed, they abandoned their effort with the advent of the winter. Then he lost all hope to get out of that hell. without food and water, he lost all energy and strength of body and mind in snow. could not walk. had to stay in cave. awaiting the end.
....  1 day Lucas heard the sound of hovering of a chopper nearby. Then he heard several human voices talking. He could not come out to attract their attention. he tried to shout out. however, his voice completely chocked. Therefore, he made a little bump with the cover of the cave, so that the walker may stumble for a moment to watch down inside ? At last his effort paid. They looked inside to find something moving in the cave. Lucas Gomez was discovered to make headlines allover. The visitors were the Argentine government officials to measure the snowfall on that part of the Andes. They flew him to a hospital for treatment. The doctors found him extremely emaciated losing 20 kilos and dehydrated almost without food and water for four months in the extreme weather. Yet his no organ was damaged. he was recovering fast to face the charges framed against him. 
When asked, his daughter damned >>  It is utmost important to us that we have found him back. The flimsy charge against him is quite unimportant. When we have found him, he will be cleared of the charges.
....  In the hospital, still Lucas could not believe himself out of that mountain kingdom of snowdom spread miles after miles with the glaring white canopy of death phobia, in the sunlight, about which he had heard in his earlyhood days. The fate of the Uruguayan rugby club players, whose plane had crashed in October 1972 on the Andes while flying to Chile! [Patch => In that massacre, most of the teammates died out of cold, hunger and thirst being trapped in this snow land at 15000 ft in the winter mercury touching -35° with low oxygen for 72 days. some of them had to eat their dead friend’s flesh to exist. Only 16 out of 60 persons could finally survive! Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes].
....  Could he then imagine that one day he himself would be trapped in the same mountain snowdom for four months? His ordeal, longer in time than that of theirs. Yet Lucas considered himself luckier than them, as he did not have to be turned to a cannibal to take human flesh to exist like them. Consequently, he knew the Incans believed that the Andes Mountains were the abode of revered spirits. Humans were sacrificed at the peaks of 22,960 ft. He mulled himself lucky as the sacrificed Incan spirits did not hassle him! 

Wizards Wane Wonders Win
....  Having a bird’s eye view of the Rapa Nui Island from the sky, Omni Pundit’s first impression was >>
I’m like a solitary isle
dotting in an immense   o c e a n
Thrashed by rushtic w~a~v~e~s
ever asking some someone
who is nowhere
and anyhere nonseen

....  As greeting the visitors mutely, are the Moai (eye) statues on the rugged terrain of the Rapa Nui Island. [Patch => Rapa Nui, better known as the Easter Island, situating 3500 miles off from the coast of Chile. Even after destruction of many statues it still houses more than 800 gargantuan, eerie stone statues, some weighing nearly 75 tons talling as high as 40ft, curved from the island’s volcanic hardened ash. Researchers believe the sculptors were the Polynesian people who colonized Rapa Nui nearly 1000 years ago. They created the statues as per their spiritual beliefs and rituals of respecting their gods and ancestors, relatives and chiefs. Since the arrival of the European explorers in 1772, whalers and slave traders, many of the Moai statues unstalled. In addition, out of about 3000 natives only less than 150 could escape the epidemics, gunfire, hunger, bloodflood and enslavement until 1800s, from invaders. Source: Wanderer’s Wordobes]. Wizards Wane Wonders Win. 
....  Omni Pundit pondered Why? Why hundreds of strange statues were sculpted in this remote Island surrounded by the ocean? how these heavy mammoth statues were curved out of mountstone + transported to miles away sites? who were they? were they aliens? were they astronauts? where did they alight? why hundreds were destroyed? who destroyed the hundreds of others? when? Wizards Wane Wonders Win. Nevertheless, about one thing he became sure that, on the return journey it would not be possible for the Zer0Ferrier to land here. As Rapa Nui is only 12 km wide × 25 km long. 
....  Yet these crazy questions haunted him all through to La Paz, at 3,650 meters (11,975 feet), the highest capital city in the world in Bolivia, the land of Pachamama. [Patch => Incans believed the almighty head god Wiracocha created all deities like the sungod Inti and his wife, the mother earth and dragon goddess Pachamama. Though primordial Pachamama was replaced by the Christian preachers with Virgin Mary, still the indigenous people in Bolivia as well as the Quechua and Aymara Andean peoples in South America worship Mama Pacha. The mountain peaks symbolize her breasts, the rivers her milk, and the cultivated lands her fertility and womb. Celebrants offer her baby llama fetus, coca leaves and maize beer chicha, hoping her to give people good harvesting and food. Her wrath and fury expressed through her sending earthquake. Source: Wanderer’s Wordobes] 
....  One main square in La Paz is Plaza Murillo => It seems the Bolivian people are politically much sensitive. Argentine revolutionary leader Che Guevara—was captured by Bolivian army and executed. Many Bolivian presidents since the independence of Bolivia from Spain in 1825, posed, opposed, deposed or reigned. The people here hanged President Gualberto Villarroel from the lamppost. Even the Bolivian hero Don Pedro Domingo Murillo, whose name the plaza bears, was slain in 1810. Walking from the lower point at El Prado >> from where all the roads lead to uphill ^^^ to higher altitude sights to sight plazas, markets, museums at Calle Jaen. one can climb to an even higher altitude ^ viewpoint at Mirador killi killi—to have a panoramic view of the city downwards \/ He knew he could be gripped by high altitude sickness soroche. dizziness, severe headache and nausea. 
....  Even in Cusco in Peru, due to high altitude, OP had the fear to be gripped by soroche, which he skirted by drinking more water to stay well hydrated + slow walk with popping up of his Bayurbedic pills + rest. He had seen earlier on his way from La Paz at his stopover at the border town Copacabana on the lake Titicaca to the Challampapa village in Isla del Sol, from where the earliest founder of the Incan empire Manco Capac had arisen, checking out the Cinkana ruins and Inkanakan Utapa there. [Patch => Manco Capac was also the founder of the city of Cusco, the capital of the Tawantinsuyu, which in its heydays stretched about more than 3500 miles— even longer in size than that of the Roman empire—spreading from today’s Columbia in the north to the south of Chile. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.] 
....  Cusco was shaped like a puma. his head > the fortress of Sacsahuaman. in his heart of the holy square > Coricancha or Temple of the Sun, an architectural wonder. Sheets of gold and silver (considered as the sacred metal being the sweat of sun and tears of moon), covered the walls of Coricancha, which were seized by the invaders along with other valuable objects. Mutilating the temple, the original walls of the temple were converted by the Spanish conquistadors into a church. The last king Atahualpa paid huge amount of gold as ransom to the Spaniards who grabbed it, but did not free him to be killed by them. As of that time Cusco seemed to OP as an old European city with narrow olden lanes, policed mostly by young women, immersed in the golden past adored by the Inca artefacts in its surroundings.

Everything Will Become Sky
....  At the quaint station Ollantaytambo, OP boarded on a train called Hiram Bingham, who is regarded as the discoverer of Machu Picchu (“old peak”), the abandoned hilltop citadel. Ranging from baths, houses to sanctuaries and temples, Machu Picchu is made up of more than 150 buildings having more than 3,000 stone steps connecting its stairways, ramps, walls, and terraces on many levels in the sylvan Sacred Valley of the Peruvian Andes. The intricate stonework (in which stones were cut to interlock together without any sealant), including  the Temple of the Sun and the Intihuatana stone (a carved granite rock used as a solar clock or calendar), terraced fields and cultured irrigation system, prove the Inca civilization’s agricultural, engineering and architectural dexterity and wisdom, which OP didn’t miss to appreciate. OP wanted to know from his guide Poncho Sanchez, he heard some argument if Hiram Bingham is the sole discoverer of Machu Picchu?  
Poncho remarked: No doubt Bingham introduced this site to the outer world. But there’s a line in one of Hiram Bingham’s notes which reads "Agustín Lizárraga was the real discoverer of Machu Picchu; he lives on the San Miguel Bridge." Excavating artifacts from Machu Picchu, Bingham took them to Yale University for further study, sparking a custody row between Peru and Yale that went on about 10 decades. It is assumed that the world can see these structures still without any major damage, because the conquistadors could not find this place hidden in the bushes.Omni Pundit smiled, as he had firm conviction: 
Money and wealth can be kept hidden
But wisdom will come clean in the open

....  OP was wondering if it is true as claimed in a book by Anil Patil that, Tamil, Telugu and Kannad inscriptions were found here! Did it imply that the ancient builders of these marvels could have some connections with India that time! 
....  Also, why did the Inca Garcilaso de la Vega, the author of Los Cometarios Reales (The Royal Comment), one of the first historical chronicles of Peru, a Peruvian leading intellectual of 16th century, wanted to interview the then Indian emperor Akbar? He could not go as India is far from South America. But he opined both Peru and India worshipped sun god and shared the knowledge of growing potatoes, of which the Incas had grown nearly 200 varieties of potatoes and first shipped to India by Spanish merchants. He also observed that the plight of the Incans, who widely spoken in Quechan language in Peru, Bolivia, Argentina and Columbia, under the Spanish rulers, was similar to the Indians under the colonial rules.
....  Omni Pundit was trying to decipher what information was layered in the ancient Quipu knots while savoring Ceviche, with tasting the Incas ceremonial maize beer Chicha, diluting in it with his sodhak pill, in an Inca themed restaurant named Inkanakan in Cusco, overlooking the wide Cathedral area. He was then cogitating to connect the thread of the Incas with the present times. As his muse >>
I want to read what was done
to apprise what is undone
and left for tomorrow

....  Still those histories are shrouded in deep mist, as the mist engulfs on the Urubamba valley! Wizards Wane Wonders Win. Did they premagine that their precious structures would someday attract peoples from all over the world in the valley in the changing scenerama? As >> 
On the cosmic sphere the eternal truth
is only the constant change of everything
including truth and myth

....  Alternately, simply like a lover pair / only out of temporal temptation for creation, they created. as they didn’t care, knowing everything will become dwindled to dust and turned into a zero space like the sky in the futurescape; so whatever will happen, will happen ?
Everything Will Become Sky

Wizards wane wonders win
Like a Quipu weaver so many
words I weaved
tales I told. songs I tuned
worshiped I with my body
You scanned the opacity tacitly
What will happen?

Everything will become Sky

Solemn Urubamba tarn
held into hostage by shady wilderness
Capricious winds on the sacred valley turn
You threw the plucked flowers in the water
The bliss rippled ~~water~~ in circle  O
What will happen?

Everything Will Become Sky

Thinking what will happen >> let it happen
But for that sinking today
linking finger to the sky ^ what will happen?



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.12.57
Chapter 57: Extrinsic Player


Omni Pundit’s Fizza 21
....  Hita Haait, Unman Munshi & Preya Pathok were rattling on the evening adda session. Savoring their elected food and drinks. Then appeared Suhit. 
Unman asked Suhit >> Any new news from Doel?
== Nop, if Punditda got, let him come.
== Punditda generally ain’t so late.
....  Then their talks weren’t clearly audible as the side talking, PNPC (Paro Ninda Paro Charcha = Vilifying others discussing others) and giggling of the womendom / clearly superseding mendom / at random, though the women were talking in comparatively low voice to make it inaudible by the men there. Bollori came. and seeing someone absent she seemed disappointed.
== Caught heartigo, eh Lori? Preya or Hita Haait would proguess.
== Why? Lori would ask.
== Bolli not finding her dear Romda? Either Hita Haait or Preya Pathok would pinch.
== Why get heartigo? He will come soon. Something like this Lori would tell.
== Oh, Punditda’s intimatum you got before that he will be late this evening? Would Hita Haait lob this dialogue?
== This bird can’t be caged. it won’t sit in the perch. if sits also no gain all pain, H2SO4. Preya’s procaution >> this is a flying bird   ~!~
== Lori, you have much age difference with him. u can chatter with him. u can rely him. u can follow him. u can consult him for advice. but he isn’t the material with who one can make home. Preya’s observation. 
== Before you, previous attempts were made by others several times. however, didn’t last long. The last one was Lolo. Both the party stayed apart. Hita Haait cautioned.
To wo/men what can be dearer
than having worthy, hearthy
peaceful and blissful partner?

....  {Covert Regret of Hita => I should have tried my sexgratia charm on him, which I  couldn't. So I failed badly for which I’m regretting now. That time I  wrongly guesstimated that Punditda would fall for me. That didn't happen. However, my turn is over, for which Bollori is getting the chance  to grab him, which I feel very bad}. 
== Hita has told right. Preya supported Hita.
== Besides you’re so younger. so you’re just cautioned for your good. Hita’s rupture of heart or hearture didn’t remain hidden covered up by her flawless makeup of face and globalm facial. 
Lori abhorred why people trick cheap duplicity of duplicitricks?:
White in front
Black in back
Earthworm in front
In back shrewmouse

She countered Hita => It seems you’ve practical experience on this matter. Then she diverted attention from this subject >> Eh Preya, this kameez of your’s is beautiful, haven’t seen earlier? newly made? 
== This ain’t kameez, this is skameez >> Skirt + Kameez = Skameez. the design and name made by Punditda. the upper part is like kameez but the lower portion is like skirt. Preya explained.
== Just see, he didn’t give me a new design! Lori lamented.
== Why not he’ll give you? However, you know what not stuff is inchurning his head?  he’s engaged in too many things. so he forgets. you have to be glued to him and continuously whimper demanding that. I had to whine the same thing mechanically for 6 months ?  so much so constantly ?  that he being disturbed had to draw it from his head and give it to me to save himself from my nagging. Grinning Preya’s advice.
== Punditda doesn’t make design of men’s dress?
== Why not? however, very hard to get it done by him. Didn’t you notice Sarol wearing a red Genjabi? That is Ganjee (vest) cum punjabi. besides there’s punjabi + jama (shirt)= Panjama, that Bindas wears now and then. Those all designed by Punditda. Preya supplied this info.
== Then I too will get a new design from him. From today my droning starts. Lori got enthu.
....  During this conversation slowly entered Omni Pundit. Moreover, with him the retained ambience there returned.
== Punditda today so late? Their joint probe.
== Horribilis! Oh, say no more. I’m exhausted & shattered. entangled by accomplice, fell in the hole. by chance if I’ve come here today, this is enough. Punditda wiped his face with hanky and wondered rubbing his unkempt hair with one hand.
== What’s up? Hita served the ball into his court.
....  He muted for some moments to intensify their interest. The server Sultan served him his bangasudha with pizza. He seemed to be relaxed, his first dash of bangasudha purified by his sodhak pill pampered him ? Really, this drink is unparalleled! till now, consuming all the junk shots today, my taste and temper was messing and missing. now to retune.
== Then? Lori quizzed.
Then rubbing & pressing his unruly hair with one hand, Omni Pundit guzzles a fizz / bites  pizza /  bubbles his fizza ? Well, finishing my work in a lab earlier today. there was some extra time in hand. I decided to come to BangaSudha walking. I was crossing the area jogging. musing it will be an exercise + time-saver. I would station here earlier. I’ve reached near the midway, when somebody grabbed my hand from behind. I discovered Hiron aka Machinegun Mehra. my onetime college chum. he was used to babble ceaselessly like a machinegun at a stretch. that’s why he’s called Machinegun.
The machinegun started ? Whenever I find u, I hear u busy. today I'll hear no excuse my friend. lets’ have a drink.
== Horribilis! That’ll be done some other day. I’m going for a drink at BangaSudha. u may come with me.
Hiron booed => Byango-sudha! heard there revel rebel boho meantellectuals. ok, today u come with me to our place. next time I’ll go to your place, done? 
....  Then he dragged me to their club. He is an office bearer there. I realized the drink was just a pretext, in fact he wanted  to show me his power and position over there. but my going to BangaSudha would be shunted for today. 
Old club. trad. wo/men. manners. rule << machinegun on. Old wine. sad cocktail. to guzzle << machinegun on. Golf. star players. styles. systems << machinegun on.
....  I mulled  the constant word-shelling prattling machinegun would be as unceasing as in the college canteen days. and energetic. if I couldn’t stop it, I wouldn’t be free from there. so just to intercept him I remarked >> Yes, I also know a bit about the rules of the golf. nevertheless, this is still a rich person’s game. therefore, I had no chance to play. ok, let me be off now.
== What you say? you know! playing golf is so easy? ok, how u play now let’s see. have u got this as easy as to cut from the college class of Ajit Sir?
Frowning, he dragged me ignoring my apathy. I repeated: Horribilis! I told u I haven’t played it before. I’ll not play now. I just like to see golf playing. But myself can’t play. I’m late. I have to go now. 
....  Nevertheless, he paid no heed to my effort to correct my mistake. Because unwarrantedly how I had hit in his preserved pride and ego as an office bearer of this golf club for a long time? His hullabaloo formed a lump of curious crowd of clubbers there.
== Then? Lori too was curious like all others.
== Horribilis! Then the togathered crowding clubbers knowing me a totally new callow, licked pickle >> ah, how the Tiger Woods surfaced here?
>> Don’t prank. When the ball will fly into the hole, you’ll understand.
>> Right. But the hole will remain in Howrah or Sealdah.
>> No no. The ball will first drop at Dumdum airport then fly past straight to hole in Timbuktu or Yakutsk or even into the black hole on space 
....  I could have digested all these teasing missiles. but when the current ranker #3 in ladies’ golf there Sohini Samanta, pinched whisperingly pseudo-sympathizing  ? Eh Mehra, why you’re fooling this glum guy like an ulluk (gibbon)? 
First swallowing the sad cocktail there incurred my headache. Over & above this  eavesdropped surreptitious remark of the eve Sohini fueled my fire >> I’m la miserable! they’re making fun out of me as a foolish Ulluk = gibbon  ?  a hylobates hoolock?! I was miffed to mull ?
I am like a punch bag of sand
Everybody practices punch hitting me
To survive I’ve to switch off my feelings
as if it does not bother me

....  However, this gesture of Sohini Samanta flared me up to an untorn resolve. In addition, I was having no other option there to back out  ?  because there would the words of a VVIP—that means a Very Very Insignificant Person like me, do? As ?
.. First we’re to assess it’s whose kingdom?
.. The kingdom of reptile,  kingdom of tiger?
.. kingdom of elephant, kingdom of eagle?
.. kingdom of lion, kingdom of jackal?
.. kingdom of ruffian, or the kingdom of elite golfers?
.. or kingdom of a VVIP like me? 
Obviously in this kingdom of elite golfers, when Machinegun Mehra, in shorts t and cap, transferring his cap to my head, tried to coach me where to and how to >> I  sternly very coldly dumped him  >>>No need, you go. however poor I may or may not fare with my little knowledge. this ain’t a champion’s competition. and I don’t have any priority to be that. I’ll get what I require from the caddy of yours. My censure caused his heartremor. He fumed to retreat.
....  The teenager caddy Kadam Mondal. He had been in this job since his tenth year of age. though child labor banned. But his father a rickshaw puller. mother. sister. his home  afflicted by poverty. home meant an illegal shanty sprouted beside the bypass. as a lad / his rickshaw puller dad / at first could buy him a plastic club and ball for practice. The very first day in this job, he earned Rs.100. Keeping a small sum for his pocket expenses, he gave the most money to his mother. that day they had tasted meat in their home. after how many days he couldn’t recall. Here the ex-golfer Nirob Mitro Sir provided free golf training to the boys and girls of the poor families from the dwellers of shanty and footpath. he was enrolled in Nirob Sir’s class. From here, he and 2 other boys and girls got the propportunity to compete in a junior golf tournament in America. he got the 5th rank. he wannabe a big golfer. he wanted to play in Indian and internationals. he wanted to redress the financial distress of his parents. They were also resting high hope on him.
....  Within the short time, I quizzed all the info from him and avoiding anybody’s notice, gifted him a big buck note into his pocket. his face glowed in joy. I plucked his heartifact joy in my store. with bubbling energy, he infused >> I know Sir, this field like the palm of my hand from my childhood. I know each and every grass. as far as I know I’m telling you,  you don’t have to think. Then he chose a club from his bag and giving it to hold me he showed me where is t where is cup, what to where to and how to hit the ball for the shot. But me untensed. as I had nothing to lose. because Machinegun Mehra, when you have sported the cap in my head, I am sure, I may not  hole the ball with my one only shot, but I can lose it driving it away. Taking from my pocket, I popped up a bayurbedic pill. Then what I determined that I did. at once being furicious upon Mehra, I flightened the ball with all my might...t                o
== Then? Everybody was tensed.
== Horribilis! Then where the ball O flew to hide I had no interest to watch. I was going to return the cap t  and gloves to cut from there in haste. again bad luck. halted me Kadam’s stout shout >>> H-O-L-E   I-N   O-N-E! >>  o
== Jah, really!? Nobody believed like me! Everybody was checking out the hole in awe —yes true their rue —but how it happened with a casual untrained hasty shot like this? Those who minutely watched the shot with the caddy, testified the ball was flying to out of the field, but abruptly hit in a tree, forcefully slanted into the hole.
....  Hearing I silently handed over the  t  to Kadam + placed the cap on Hiron’s head and tried to slip silently. but was deluged by the greetings and congrats. I wanted to be released but nobody agreed to let me go—
I said => Where’s my credit in it? if you want, give credit to the caddy Kadam Mondal and the tree. ‘cause as the ball hit the tree so it was redirected.
....  But nobody ate my word. they wanted to celebrate this feat. Celebration started in the evening. champagnes rained  >>  But the Machinegun Mehra’s word-shell boomed on & on—you’re a hidden champ—you pose that u know nothing of golf—but such an envious luck ain’t easily found—the world champs don’t get hole in ones more than 2 to 4 times usually—After playing so many years I’ve gotten only once. But u got it carding on your first shot—!!!
Sohini Samanta too appeared controlling damage >> Really, we underestimated you, couldn’t presume—you must come to our club everyday.
....  The club recommended my name within minutes for honorary membership to different clubs across the world. I was awarded a memento like all its previous recipients—several clubbers ballooned me high on adulation—as the arrival of the new wonder in golf arena etc. etc.  >>  all that even might embarrass the golf legends.  Meanwhile finding just a small hole of their unawares, I slipped to here without intimating them. 
== The world champs might be embarrassed but u ain’t. u will be telling tale—which big golfers even get very rarely, that u carded in yr first fete first shot ?  u tell us to believe? This is just Omni Pundit’s omniscramble! This is why u are called not Vyasdev but Gasdev—always giving gas. Unman lobbed the ball slowly in Punditda’s court. Seconded by Suhit.
....  Everybody watched eagerly how Punditda backvolleys the ball! Everybody except Lori there relished this amusing enigma of Unman. Lori knew not / why she liked not / this joker poker regarding Romda.  Silently she relished her funtastic pot of fun Fuchca, the recipe created and  named by Romda as Funchka, prepared by chef Nando. 
X...Wives & Chefs tear  here to preserve...X
[Funchka  =>  Ingredients + how to prepare Funchka ?  hollow cover of Fuchka balls. mocktail of gin in tamarind water with crushed sandy ice sprayed. Mashed potato + small shrimps in poppy seed dust paste + coriander leafs with tiny sliced pieces of chili and ginger and spice powder.. Now slightly holing the cover of the fuchka ball, fill in the broken hollow of it with the well mixed dough stuff. and to eat each Funchka dipping it in the icy mocktail of gin with tamarind juice in it. © Romnis Pundit].
X…Wives & Chefs  tear here to preserve...X

     While ingesting the Funchka Bollori unjoyed the soured juice of joking on Romda by Unman and Suhit and tacitly watched by all others enjoying the fun. But cool, he signed no reaction immediately. Then rubbing & rubbing his unruly hair with one hand, he seemed to be relaxed, retuned and confident. Having another shot. Omni Pundit guzzles a fizz / bites  pizza /  bubbles his fizza >>  Well, what u’re telling Unman Munshi? Did I tell u to believe? when? horribilis! Listen Howling Monkey Munshi — Macaca fascicularis, I never tell anybuddy or anybloody to believe or unbelieve. to believe or not is your cuppa tea, rather your potta wine. To me it is always >> 
Take no blame  find no blame
Take no venom  give no venom

In fact when there the club officials gave me this hole-in-one memento, as it is given to the other doers there, I first thought to dump it. as it will be of no use to me. but did not, musing of you, the doubter Macaca fascicularis, as I knew— 
What is round a blind cannot find
still, the earth is round

....  Just check it out  ?  saying he picked up a rolled neck tie from his pocket and kept it in front of all eyes on the table. In it was inscribed the  golf club’s name with  his name as the recipient of the Hole in One today! everybody checked the tie from different sides. costly tie.
== Romda, you’re dumping this so nice tie? I’m taking it. Lori took the tie happily.
== Fie, boo Unman, you’re dumb now.  bla bla bla. how subtly Punditda rebuffed u with his masterstroke? Hita told. Unman only cackled, ha ha ha ha….
Before the spell receded, Punditda  reserved >> Very sorry my dear Jumping hanuman, you’re to decide where u wanna head to:
Go toward light
shadow will heed you
Go against light
shadow will lead you



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.13.58
Chapter 58: Animal Vs Manimal


Omni Pundit’s Fizza 22
== Then? What happened? Finish the story you began, demanded Lori.
....  Omni Pundit guzzles a fizz / bites  pizza /  puzzles his fizza ?  If I tell/ you’ll tell/ Punditda is telling tale.  Patience H2SO4. By the by what we were talking about? Oh, yea, tigers ? In America, a mother with her 3 year old girl visiting a wild life theater to show her. The woman has gone to the restroom leaving her kid sitting. Scared she hurried back to her daughter: The Siberian tiger we saw here playing, has entered the restroom! After I screamed for help, luckily the trainers of the big cat captured it promptly!
== Tiger in the restroom! Gone there for a wash? Did it wash its hands, mom? The kid enquired.
Lol
....  Amidst laughter, Omni Pundit waved his hand to a new entrant in BangaSudha.
The newbie came to the table and was surprised to see Omni Pundit there ? Oh Romnis babu! so glad to meet you after a long time. you here? passing time?
== This is my theque. my adda. be seated here. you’re a famous man now! Seeing your picture often. Omni Pundit introduced the newcomer to friends >> Well, meet Amez Mukherji, proprietor of the famous Royal Bengal Tiger Circus. Though, the play of tiger is banned here in circus. lion and some others also.
== Oh, say no more. Paying drear price for that of your famous tag. Sandwiched between the public punch / and the government munch. When I’ve been showing my circus for the past 25 years regularly—giving the children and the people joy and entertainment without any bad record and casualty—the media and the government didn’t give me any recognition and I wasn’t famous and known to the people. But then suddenly while our 1 elephant eloped with an wild tusker— and there was irregular chance of casualty and loss of property of some voters— they jumped off from sleep and the media glare suddenly focused  on me and my circus and we became famous overnight. Bah! It seems
Simply good & regular things
often fail to become famous
With it must be diluted some
irregular or terrific corpus
to become famous!

Amez babu observed while ordering the waiter for food.
....  Probed Omni Pundit ? That’s usually true. Nevertheless, what makes you pay drear price for your fame, my dear Amez babu?
== Oh, that time my circus was pulling a decent crowd in Durgapur. especially when Ganesh Puja….et al plays performed by the elephants. that time in circus was legal.
== So what’s the fuss all about? OP wondered rubbing his unkempt hair with one hand.
== Coming to that point Sir. Forking out a piece of Prawn Pakora in his mouth, Amez babu sorted out >> That time inside the circus tent campus. the trainer and mahout looking after the elephants. Suddenly a wild male tusker appeared. wooed the female elephants to elope with him. you won’t believe, at once our 4 female elephants — Kamala, Bimala, Sheila and Damayanti followed him. The trainer, mahout and I urged them to stay back. Kamala, Bimala, Sheila could be restrained. But Damayanti was on period……
....  {Hearing about period Chokita suddenly felt the latent pain in her waistland and abdomen to discover her period has already started. If the code red stains her pants and dress, she will be ashamed in front of her friends. So she hurried to the bathroom. That time girls starteth menstruating normally between their 8-13 years of age. However, Chokita premembered she hath noticed the monthly visitor in her vagina for the first time at her 15. That time many females useth pads. But then on searching her bag in the bathroom Chokita found she had not brought any pad. As her blob hath abruptly started this time before 1 day of the expected date. Still she welcometh her advance flow show — as she hath the fear to be pregnant due to the unprotected frequent coition she doth with her male counterpart, when both of them hath no patience to wait for taking preventive measures. Being a superior manager in office, she was equally conversant in her bedroom management as well as her boardroom}
On her return to seat, Hita whispered: Why late? leaking? 
Chokita smiled.
....  Amez babu continued: Then the wild lover caressed her a little with his trunk and Damayanti didn’t return! Rather feigned that she didn’t recognize any one of us. not even her mahout!
== Then what did you do? Bindas curious.
== I engaged the mahout and a few hands to keep an eye on her. Had bought her for ? 25 thousands from the Shonepur animal fare. raised her giving the high price of huge amount of elephant food daily. Then I couldn’t afford to lose her! Besides a let loose eloping elephant with an wild marauding tusker—what rampage the jumbos might do or trample whom in the ground under feet—then the public or the government—none  would spare us—would make us accountable.
== Then could you spot them? Preya queried.
== Eh, those footages you didn’t see? Of course how could u see, if you’re hooked here? However, then occurred the jumbo episodes. The media got the scent.  to pair with Damayanti people began to call the wild tusker as Nol. Public tracked Nol-Damayanti to irritate. When irked too much the pair retorted and chased back the public with their trunks. The pair hid from one jungle to another in Bardhaman and Bankura. The police and administration became sleepless. The foresters and hoola parties evicted them from one area to another with fire torches and bursting crackers. However, that’s not very effective. elephants are also sly. have acute memory. Their roaming corridor is well known to them. As there is their food and shelter. Amez babu's stopgap.
== But could you catch Nol-Damanti at last? Bindas probed.
== We didn’t that time. As advised by the specialists, the heads of forest dept said, before mating they shouldn’t be separated. Rather wait for 10-15 days more. When their physical urge is over, they will be separated out of their own. In jungle, rules go on the jungle laws. Might is right. Of course, that holds well in human society too. A female is not partnered for mating with a single male for life. The males will fight among them. The winner will get his coveted female partner. The female will partner the winner male, partly in fear / partly in admire and partly hoping to get healthy strong calf. After some time the story of that pair ends. Again, fight among the mighty males for their female mates. And the female partner’s awaiting the mighty male. Yet the elephant society doesn’t have any male leader. Rather that is ruled by commands of the aged female leader. The defeated elephant is unwanted by other elephants. Again today’s winner will be naturally defeated in the fight by some other younger and stronger tusker.
== Then what happened to Nol-Damayanti, will u tell? Lori was impatient to know.
== Then we knew they have rampaged in cornfields. Some sugarcane fields ravaged. Some irritators chased back by the duo with their agitated trunks. Our circus company must pay for the loss of crops and paddy, done by the marauding pachyderms, demanded some villagers to the administration. 1 night in 1 village, the villagers were watching some programs in the open—that propportunity prompted the duo to break open a rice shop to eat and pilfer from the sacs—was driven by the villagers to escape to other village—then in the forests of the 2 districts— their wild unbound love—in a village in the coal mine region—in 4 ponds their water sport frolicking and shameless caressing for about 1-1/2 hours in each pond—the cinerama of funatic love in broad daylight before the thousands of amusing women & men & children—the police were on testing time to control the delighted mob—how can I describe more—here are ladies!
....  Wary Chokita menterrogated >> But who told you that women aren’t interested to see or even hear that description? All are the vintage thoughts of the male-dominated society—simply maledom—others aren’t blamed for watching the live, only we art to be blemished if we simply hear? ….otherwise a female elephant, eloped from the safe haven with her wild male tusker counterpart simply for the unhindered love, can it be imagined!
== So what’s the aftermath of their love? Hita reconnected.
== Somewhere we heard women have feed them with straw and haystack, cake, bread, cooked rice. worshiped them as the protégé of lord Ganesh. Somewhere at night, they kicked to breakopen stocked sack of rice inside a mudhouse demolishing the wall and ransacked to eat rice, but saved a one-year baby girl from the rampages, by their trunks and gave her to the dumbstruck scared parents!
....  After their honeymoon was over, the forest rangers of Bankura’s Borjora jumped into action to separate them with their hula party with fire torches and crackers. The pair was surrounded by barricade. Damayanti being chased, descended into a pond—nearly 500 people barricaded surrounding the pond—she only swayed from this and that side of the pond—but dared not to get up. On the other sector, Nol was forced to enter into a jungle driven by the party with fires & crackers. He trumpeted for his confidante. But she feared to respond. As yesterday, she witnessed the fierce fight of Nol for her with two other tuskers from the Dalma hills. That time tho Nol won and she accompanied him in fear and admire, but her physical libido to mate was not so much eager as before—that condition too, true about Nol—otherwise he would want to forcefully snatch her. So both of them without any major fuss got separated. Nol departed. 
      During the absence of Damayanti, we suffered heavy loss that time as the spectators had turned away from the circus. Then we made amends for the loss gaining about 10 times more of the lost amounts, due to the free wide publicity coverage in the media. After Damayanti’s reinduction in the circus, each and every show was house full. This time my work at the govt dept in Kolkata is finished. I'm to return to Durgapur now.
== But how you reinducted Damayanti into circus then?  Inquisitive Preya.
== Being informed from the spot, our manager hurried there with the mahout, trainer and a truck.
....  The head forest ranger being out of the woods, sighed with relief ? Take your daughter to your home. there will be no dearth of Romeo tuskers here to abduct her. Tho, she is expunged from the elephant herds for her connection with the humans. Nevertheless, Damayanti has the chance to get calf as she lived in with the wild tusker Nol. So if that happens, inform us of the good news. Oops! whatta hectic time ran / the duo did us fun! The only sunny side of this chase / is none killed in this case. But on one side is the savage pachyderm / another side the losing villagers raising arm / the 3rd party, the red-eyed leaders turn / all sandwiched the forest ranger to whom it may concern. 
....  Nevertheless, her high sigh of relief was blown away as then and there, a forest official hurried to inform her ? Madam, the main herds of 60-70 elephants from Dalma hills advancing towards Medinipur. Squatting on the railway track. Perhaps, in protest for 4 elephants including cubs being run over while crossing the tracks. This often happens in North Bengal and Assam on the railway tracks in the elephant corridor there.
== Where gone Nol? Hita interrogated.
== Out of jungle, the hungry Nol was constantly being chased away from one cornfield and forest to another in search of his daily food. finally sneaked over to the neighboring country, befooling the border guards—swimming in the river—ransacked crops there— trampaged a boy from among people who constantly irritated and pelted stones at him— and lastly got killed by the the soldiers.
....  Lori was shocked ? Nobody protested for the killing!
== Oh, yes, a few animal lovers did—but the stronger lobbies of people whose crops got damaged argued—when people are killed, their corns and houses rampaged by these animals and they aren’t getting to eat adequately losing their crops—you’re talking about animal’s feeding? Those voters' arguments as well as the fact that that the animals cannot vote, steam rolled the feeble hue & cry against the animal killture. and like in many parts of the country, here also the issue faded out into oblivion quickly. After all public memory is for very short time, not as long as the elephants—as there are so many issues—how many and how long one can recall?   Amez babu assessed.
== What was the reaction after Damayanti’s return in the circus? Chokita demanded.
== Yea, there was raised a furor in the circus arena. Kamala, Bimala & Sheila welcomed Damayanti with trumpet, raising their trunks! At the same time, her mates’ doubtlook for the unchained Damayanti—they feared that Damayanti might elope again. Reading their minds the mahout led Damayanti to her place and shackled her leg. They celebrated their coveted captivity. and adored one another by caressing with their trunks in great relief and satisfaction. {What they’d like to say but could not ?
.. As the usual assurance of regulated life
.. orderly diet of sure food and sleep
.. sexpectation of having sibling
.. sporting show in front of the spectators
.. their thunderous applause
.. the cheering children,
.. bunking all, elopement with a tusker
.. in the indefinite forest to forest 
.. having no certainty of food and shelter
.. pushed by the cruel villagers and foresters
.. How can it be endured for long?
.. Do freedom-bugs fit denizen elephant to hug?
....  So long Sopan following the dialogues on the probeast, now questioned Amez babu == But you keep the male and female animals chained and separated in their youth, is this not a cruelty / to animals and fit for humanity? Man is also an animal—rather manimal?
....  Not at all amused and amazed, Amez babu did not reply. only looked once towards Sopan. By this time he was seasoned with the reasonings of media, mafia, crazy public, bitter govt officials, and sniffer small and big arty political party leaders that ? Those questions having no answers, missiled to anyone should be ducked / and not to be plucked for answering. As he knew=>
Who is wise knows what to look
as well as what to overlook

....  While paying for the bills to leave, Amez babu invited Omni Pundit ? Well, our show will next be coming to Kolkata. If anyone of you like to watch our show and inform me, you will need no ticket. Bye today. I’ll have to return to Durgapur now.
== Okkk. Again shall we meet. However, from us who will go to watch the circus, that can’t be said now. He winked at Chakkar to come to this table and showed him to Amez babu >> Look, this Chakkar Chaki might go—
Amez babu looked at Chakkar for a while and said >> Welcome. No problem.
Exit
....  Chakkar was promoted to his coveted table in this propertunity by Omni Pundit, as Chakkar could by that time speak fluent Bangla and guzzle gallons of Bangasudha. Everybody there just had a glance on him. There was no question to count him seriously or pay him any attention. Because they knew so many people like this guy Chakkar Chaki had come here in this Bangasudha’s adda, and gone away. and again more people will come and go, there is no estimate. They were engrossed on their adda.
== To pet an elephant is hugely expensive. Bindas observed.
== But it is said a dead elephant worth a lakh rupees—the tusk of an elephant is sold at a huge price. In Africa, the govt seizing a huge quantity of poached tusks and rhino horns had burned it, to discourage it’s smuggle to Asia for sell. Some elephant’s calves were born sans tusks! Sopan added.
[Patch => The government set on fire a huge quantity of poached tusks and ivory of about 4 to 5 lakh elephants +  over 1 ton of Rhino horns at the Nairobi National Park, Kenya, to foil the poachers attempt to sell these illegally in Asia, where the price of raw elephant tusks that time soared as high as $1000 per kilogram. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
== Ain’t it amazing! The price of the dead is more than that of the alive? Hita Haait wondered.
== Horribilis! What’s amazing in it! Does anybody value her teeth while s/he has teeth? Omni Pundit muttered.  unmindful. rubbed his unkempt hair with his one hand.
== Right. Just as Punditda. Do we understand whatever his sayings? Do we give him credence? When he is here with us? Rather say Punditda is telling tale. Or label him not a Byasdev but Gasdev. He is like a gas station. Always giving gas. But when Punditda won’t be here—yea, I mean as he vanishes suddenly now and then without hinting anybody anything—where he goes what he does only he knows—then we understand what a cheese is Punditda— we heavily miss the elixir fizza of his Bangasudha sayings, isn’t it? Unman’s sarcastic confession.
....  However, Omni Pundit didn’t care and ear his revealization. As he then was cerebrating in his own menternal arena… Where nobody knows his real position and proposition resembles with that of a tusker which he thinks, as in the case of a poet—
Few can sense the real call of a living poet

A great writer begins to reign
in his nonexistence often
The better the quality
the greater the arena of his reigndom

On elegy whatever a poet bemoans
all wail  bewails in a jungle
Once like a derelict elephant
having no means to sustain in felled forest
evicted from human habitation in search of food
valueless like a life insurance policy when living
Life devalued. Keen poachers prowling to kill
& rob the substance price of tooth & nail
Living sansvalue. Sanslife > slayers get sale value



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.14.59
Chapter 59: Bear Vs Bull


Omni Pundit’s Fizza 23 
      Yesterday back at the adda  after a long spell, Porno appeared. He was telling the censored version of their marred pleasure trip…… being rescued by the coast guards from the tricky…… intricate trap of pirates …… blown away by the cyclone…… to Punditda on the table—which Bollori also eared. He said their women friends were regularly tortured by the pirates. Actually what and how far the word 'torture' meant by him? He didn’t tell that in front of the women hearers present there. In addition, Bollori also doubted if both Pornoda  and Romda avoided to utter certain words and instead used the word ‘torture’ of the women in place of the word gang-rape? So yesterday back home she searched virtually, if any trace on their episode found to extract the full truth. 
....  {Her Visuage =>.What exactly had happened there that time? Bollori found this true episode by the 2 women named Shabnam and Zinia who were tortured, have described the sextorsions vividly in the social networking media without any inhibitions and taboos. and candidly confessed that they often enjoyed this frequent torture, aka gang bang, by the dare devil macho pirates very much in the dense forests, which were quite adventurous funtasy to them. Because they argued when in the sex shop you buy the handcuff and other fake torturing toys and robos for funtasizing your gangbang sex activities for fun, and satisfy yourself with fake fetish rape and torture, then why not venture to gladventure the real fun in a real natural ambience?  Rather they would like it to sextort the pirates in the same way. But their funtasy vehemently denigrated and inundated by zealot conservative feminists, who hurled trained guns, deluged with the adverse comments and harsh curse rained at the duo, branding as the conspiracy menternality of their fav phrase— male dominated society.
....  Bollori also learned that there the radical militants linked to the pirates, decided to kill the infidel men first among them, for not getting any ransom. So the women had cautioned their friends Hizol and Porno beforehand and Shabnam said > I'll train you to perform the religious prayer, which if you can offer flawlessly, they might take you as fidel— and your life might be saved for some time more —before they need to strip search you to check out if you're circumcised—which, she chuckled, we have watched very well, you are not! Nevertheless, until and unless we can pay that huge ransom, which is not possible for any one of us, or the coast guards comes to rescue us we are to die. The women that time feared.}
....  Recovering from his past trauma of kept as hostage for months, on his return Porno was discussing with OP the fate of the volatile stock market’s constantly unpredictable trend in the bear vs bullfight. in the gloomy world economy, fueled by the abysmal performance of the American, European, Chinese and Japanese market leaders.>> My customers are scared to invest even small amount after series of landslide losses. Punditda, I’ll have to wind up my small business. What to do? When the world is losing? In addition, there is fear from el Niño, war, frequent fluctuation in fuel price, and shortage of monsoon rains and draught, fall of government… 
....  Omni Pundit guzzles a fizz / bites pizza /  puzzles his fizza ? Porn, I told you repeatedly don’t lose your head. You’ve to follow the age old most basic principles of even the small business traders and tiny street vendors, which we often forget >> mostly buy in lower price and sell in higher price. At least I do that to mostly gain overall, as you see when it is you who handle the buy and sell for me. Therefore, the Bear vs. Bull rarely affects me. You focus in derivatives and other options to gain in the volatile market, while awaiting the market correction. Moreover, don’t worry, soon I’m gonna give you a big amount investment in the name of Nabik and others, which will meet the huge cost of our scientific projects. Then you don’t have to lose your head and heart over the bull vs bear fighting always.
....  As Suhit entered and took his seat at the table, and overhearing Punditda’s last words only, tried to fire him up >> Omni Pundit you are omnivorous. please spare us from your cock and bull stories. bull, you’ve seen, but have you ever seen any real bear outside zoo, so that you’re telling tall tales? I’ve seen, you haven’t.
OP was instantly irritated => Sorex Carulescens! I haven’t seen bear outside zoo? You know once bear chased me in a deep jungle? ok I won’t tell anything, because if I tell you’ll tell —
== — Punditda is telling tale. Yea, that’s correct. Just now, you were telling tale.
== Ok. Then u ask me to stop. my stories all cock & bull. no bear & bull. Okkkay. Omni Pundit instantly switched off to wonder rubbing his unkempt hair with one hand, and started to check up his Brazok with the other hand attentively.
Everybody being instantly curious sniffing some bear & bull story, Chokita censored Suhit ? Why do u poke him? Stop. Let’s hear how u fell near bear, Punditda? 
== Where? Tell us please. you hush Suhit. don’t utter. Hita strictured. 
== No. Hit, I won’t. I tell cock & bull stories.  Miffed OP denied, steering the liquid in his glass.
== Why do you mind the words of Suhit, the Sorex Carulescens! Suhit you seek apology from Punditda. Unman’s mischief sop.
== Ok, boss, please excuse me this time. Please tell us. your—t-r-u-t-h-f-u-l stories! Suhit prays with folded hands and then pulling his own ears with his hands shrouding his amusement.
== Forget and forgive him. Now tell us. Where the bear chased you? Lori, his H2SO4 demanded him to unfold.
....  Punditda quickly cooled as a cucumber, as he quickly had got heated. He began to spill the beans rubbing his unruly hair with one hand >> I had an intention to see the Dharagiri falls amidst deep jungle that time. So from the station stand I hired an auto rickshaw from the swarming auto drivers, who competed to give me the lowest quotation. The reckless driver began to guzzle raw mahua liquor straight from his bottle. Drink and drive scared me in the lonely hilly uneven track that time. Sometimes the auto was jumping & bumping on pebbles on the road. we reached the point from where we were to walk about 1 km to the falls. He pointed me to go thru the jungles— the way, which he was to guide me— but then he refused to go with me. and abruptly told me in red eyes in a totally drunk & stern voice — Return within half an hour. I’ll be waiting here for you—only if you’re ready to shell me out the double fare. otherwise, I’ll be gone. until a bear hugs you to die.
== Then what did u do? Lori was anxious.
== I was simply stunned. I told him >> but u quoted me the lowest fare and promised to guide me in the jungle walkway! Now demanding double in the jungle—where the walkway is completely unknown to me?
He was cool in his red eyes ? Otherwise would you hire me? forget that. here you agree to pay me double or die.
....  I had no Brazok those days. I was adamant not be cowed down to his fleecing threat. So he sped away threatening to teach me a lesson on returning to the stand, leaving me in the lark. It was afternoon. There was yet ample sunlight. Nevertheless, that time there was dense jungle. In the jungle, it was darker. I decided to forget him as of now to enjoy the serene beauty of the place. tracing the faint walkway amidst stones and pebbles and raw smell of trees somehow, I reached near the falls. Sat on a stone. Broke a branch of tree and made a stick. The spat had embittered me so that beauty of the place faded to me that moment. Being the time of flowers
There blooms
the unadorned jungle flowers
in unknown tracks
Where few ever come by chance
only if the way is lost
Though the address 
well known to stings of bees

The trees and plants
avenge the remiss
of course not by stinging
but the birds by singing 
the trees by blooming 
more & more flowers 
(*)  (!) ((!))(!) ((!))  (*)
....  From the flowery surroundings of the Dharagiri falls the aroma of raw green fragrance mixed with a drowsy smell turned aromantic, when from the nearby trees around I spotted several mahua trees. under the tree was as if the flowerbed of yellow mahuas scattered all over in the darker place. the intoxicating aromance hanged heavily all over there. I picked up a few mahuas from the ground; when I suddenly saw out of the dark bush a demonic huge black bear sprang up, spat on my face and coming to embrace me dreadly, just a hand away. Wiping my face with the kerchief, I firmly grabbed my stick, hit the bear thrusting to push him back on its face aiming its eyes, and ran back. 
....  I  screamed to the top of my voice: HELP, HELP. But that was truly a cry in the wilderness. All wail that ends wail in jungle. Though the road to return was unknown to me, but I just presumed the thinner and lesser tree track with a bit more intruding sunlight and reached the place where the auto driver deserted me. I ran fast on the road chased by the bear. After running hide and seek with the bear for indefinite minutes I was finally out of the woods. As I saw a cowboy kid with a short stick in hand who directed me to a nearby village.
....  There I was severely panting, breathing heavily, sitting on the rope cot.
On the nearby ground outside the mud hut,  a cockfight competition was going on between two teams of 2 villages, encouraged vigorously by their respective villager supporters. seeing the cockfight suddenly I got a unique plan! However there I saw a cycle rickshaw parked. I sought water. The man who gave me a pot of cool water of the hill stream to drink, it was his rickshaw. He was reluctant to paddle it then leaving the exciting cockfight show. Therefore, after the fight was over, I made him agreeable to go by the sop of a higher amount of fare. Nevertheless, he said on condition ? I shan’t go to Ghatsila station. My stand is near Fooldoongri hill, I may go up to that place.
== Ok, that’ll do. I’ll get Jamshedpur, Kharagpur or Ranchi connections from there on the national highway.
....  Hearing my plight story rickshaw puller said ? Monu Baskey is a rascal. Not only with you. He does like this with other tourists. However, he could not be tamed. He is a shame to our village. We may be poor. But we tribal don’t cheat. Tho, he is severely ailing with his bad lever, guzzling constantly. And he has no money for treatment. Neither does he give money to his wife for sustenance of his family and children. How can he? If all his money is drained this way in guzzling?
== However, will u do me a little favor? I requested him.
== What babu?
== Will you give Monu the rupees I’m giving u, the half price due to him as his fare for plying me the half way?
== If u trust me, I’ll offer him these rupees, but if he doesn’t accept? how can I return u? will u be here?
== No. Then u might take it. I’ve no qualms. I shall have the consolation that I paid as I agreed, he didn’t take. That’s his sweet will. Punditda finished his story.
== But apart from the black bears, there’s also and white bears, Chokita reminded.
== Yea, I’ve seen in picture, there is brown bear also. Sopan added.
== Yeah, the brown Grizzly bears are mainly the residents of USA and Canada, which the bears themselves don’t know, that they don’t need green cards to live there. OP joked.
Lol
== But you’re forgetting to tell us which unique plan surfaced in your mind when you’re watching the cockfight. Lori preminded him.
== Oh yes. Suddenly it surfaced in my mind that instead of bull and bear fight or cockfight, if a fight between the black bear and white bear or brown bear could be arranged, who’ll win? It’ll be like the race between black, white and brown races among humans.
Punditda paused to add >> There’s also a speculation that in fact the giant footprints of yetis in the Himalayas—who might be a cross of huge brown and polar bears, gradually dispersed to Siberia and the Arctic regions. But sometimes it is very confusing to distinguish between brown bear, black bear and grizzly bear.
== Why and how? Sopan was inquisitive.
== Look Soap, because though rarely, yet sometimes a black bear origin / has a color of light greyish brown, while its cub has black color. Then black bears have sometimes light- brown color like grizzly bear, and the grizzly bear has often blackish brown color. 
== Have you ever faced grizzly bear? Suma’s query. 
== Unfortunately not, on my visit in the wild bear country around the Colorado region. I’ve only faced who faced them in the jungle of maple leaf. He grinned. From the picturesque tiny town Jasper—picturesque because of its indigenous Raven Totem Pole, its lonesome streets, where even I saw herds of wapitis (elks) in open street corner, fearlessly sauntering and resting at dawn. And the lakes in the Jasper National Parks like the Lake Lewis are incredibly blue. Yes, I’ve snaps.
....  Unman was so long hearing without any comment. Now he prickled: You could have cooked the lake’s water turned to blue easily.
Lol
Punditda ignored him and restarted => However, then I was traversing the Athabasca river basin forests to watch how a vast part of the forest was burned by forest fires, caused by lightning strikes,  after visiting the source of the river at the Columbia Glaciers. At the glaciers, there was incredible chill and heavily rushtic wind, in a wide-open snow reigndom. Long patches coniferous and pine forests on the dale beside the river were burnt black and bald by stark lightening. I pondered there the pine trees burned to death in not very old age. While I’ve seen over 4-5 thousand years alive tree still living in grace!
....  Unman got the good gun to sting >> Do you take us as so fool and ask us to believe your ganjas to end in smoke? Any living being can live 5000 years? 
Everybody got skeptic on this tale.
== Look! Unman howling hanuman, Macaca Fascicularis!
When you go up to rout or uproot
I go down en route to the root

It’s up to you to believe. I also at first didn’t believe. Nevertheless, checking out at the White Mountains, California I saw those living things, as everybody else there. You can also see there.
== What are the living things there? Chokita’s askance.
== Horribilis! Also pine trees—the Bristlecone pines. There are few living around 3000 years, One among them living around 5000 years! I pondered there the pine tree has been living, when in the world there were happening ? the making of pyramid of Giza… Harappa and Mohenjodaro… reigndom of Ramses, Hammurabi, Samudragupta … ancient Middle Eastern civilizations, Chinese Wall, Aristotle, Peter the Great, worst wars, atom bombings... as well as satellites, internet, mobiles!...
==  + also Omni Pundit delivering his tall tales in bangasudha—Suhit cleverly steered raising laughter.
....  Ignoring and losing link OP asked ? Where I left off?
== Burned forests on  Athabasca valley, Lori reminded.
== Oh yes.  Atop the remaining tall trees shining then the scenerama of last sunlight of the day end. There I met the pair Bianca and Albin, who were camping beside the river for cooking and grilling the fishes they caught from the river in their night stay. Their canoe parked on the river.
== Awesome! Quite promantic & adventurous! Roqea Ray admiring.
== Horribilis! yea, Ro Ro, in the campsite of the forests, grizzle bears visit occasionally in search for food in the trash bins. In Alaska too, it was seen that bears at times hunt the trashcans of households in search of food. So nowadays, the lid of the bins there are set in such way that the bears cannot open the lids. For that reason, the bears come to the spots now less often. However, just a few hours before that day, the bear had visited there, when Bianca suddenly affronted it face to face.
== Wow! Exclaimed the women.
== Yea, She was trained for the sudden bear attack and had bear spray with her to use in case of attack. But it abruptly came so near to her that she had no chance to get that bear spray out of her bag or lie on the ground to feign as a corpse, when the bear refrains to attack. Therefore, she stood face to face with it in sheer guts. And the bear standing on its legs. gigantic and strong. Bianca began to speak in a low monotone with herself. …… The bear checked her non-threatening gestures. was going away leaving her, when she made a silly mistake. She just sounded from her mouth—Shooo—.
== Omg! The hearers turned anxious. 
== Horribilis! The bear returned at her to check out if she has really challenged its authority in the wild—which is its reigndom—not of human’s, who are just encroachers to their bear territory. Remember, you are to check first it is whose kingdom? The kingdom of bear… or kingdom of wo/man? And trespassers will be punished. It was the kingdom of bear.
== Then how was she rescued? Where was her partner Albin? Asked Ro Ro.
== Horribilis! I just had put the same question to Bianca. Told OP. She replied  >> Albin was then gone for bringing the residue fishes from the boat on the river. She couldn’t scream for his help before the bear. The hangry bear was trying to ascertain itself before attacking her. however, by then Bianca has corrected her stance. though scared she did not run away, nor challenged its authority in the wilderness. she stood quiet & still. The bear did not charge but rechecked her minutely and finding her not a challenge and posing no threat to its existence, deserted slowly in victorious gait.
== Where the duo was going over the river? Kuhak Kumar quizzed.
== Ku ku, they were on the adventure trip to the mouth of the river Makenzie on the North Sea. First, they would row to the Athabasca Lake, miles away from the Columbian icefield from where the Athabasca river has sourced. They would also interact with the Indian natives of that land beside the river and learn of their language and culture. I’ve seen for instance the Athabascan language has a long heritage there. From the lake the river Makenzie has been sourced to flow towards its mouth about 4000 miles to the North Sea. I said to Albin and Bianca before I departed >> In fact I envy you. I could never go on such an exciting adventure trip.
== Why? The duo asked me.
== Because before all other thing, one needs to find out such a dedicated adventurous partnership for this kind of trip like both of you. As —
Partnership is like a pair of shoes
Not to be misfit in other's shoes
you’re to wear the right sized pair
for the particular feet to gear
and avoid any woes

....  Here abruptly the prankster Suhit chanced a spice to prickle ? Why? True, your ex fav Heritiera Fomes Lolo has disappeared with your sailor adherent Horshit Sarkar, the Horse, so what? Now you strike a partnership with your adventurous H2SO4  Lori, to proceed? 
Everybody enjoyed the juicy comment with belly laughter ? Wow! Suhit wow! You’ve hit the bull’s eye!
....  Lori was menternally happy to hear it rearly / but showed otherwise clearly ? Suhit, rascal, I’ll kill you!
....  After their joke and poke subsided, Punditda replied ? H2SO4 ? Horribilis! With Sulfuric acid! She would always censure me assiduously, do this, why do this and why not do that— and the adventure would be frozen to as amadventure nowhere in the snowhere.
Lol
== And in the snowwhere is the white bear. the Eskimos also. Sopan Barman quipped.
== Oh, whatta a fantastic life the Eskimos live! Living in igloos. Hunting with harpoons and driving dog sleds on ice!  I wish I would live there! Wonder in Unman's eyes.
== Horribilis! Trying to sell ice to the Eskimos? Eh, sounds very funtastic and aromantic, huh! In fact, they have a hard life amidst the white snowhere land. As snow is ineluctable in the life of Eskimos, there are about 14 synonyms for snow in one Eskimo language of Yup’ik. Punditda added.
== But do the Eskimos still have no change in their lifestyle, even being exposed to the modern civilization? Aashiq Pasha skeptic.
== Horribilis! right. change is also there in their lifestyle. 
Guns used instead of harpoons for hunting seals. Dogsleds not used anymore. some of them are living in towns. forsaking their nomadic life. working in industries. which had no existence previously in the traditional Eskimo lives. 
== How’re the polar bears over there? Aashiq asked.
....  OP paused to add his thoughts rubbing his one hand over his rowdy hair ? In the arctic or sub-arctic region, white polar bears facing extinction, though hunting of polar bears to feed sled dogs stopped. Moreover, if the warming continues for longer, the polar bears will come to the locality to target the locals for food. because the ice that breeds seal—the favorite food of white bears, will no longer be available. In Churchill, Manitoba, Canada, cited as the polar bear capital of the world, hundreds of polar bear throng near the Hudson Bay expecting the ice to be formed in the water and they will have their food for the winter months. Nevertheless, warming doesn’t let the thick ice to form. and human-bear encounter is feared to be on the rise in near future. 
== Was there any instance of polar bear attacks on humans? Masuma quizzed.
== Horribilis! Suma, even it was heard that an intruder bear ran away from a veranda being whammed simply with a broom by a little woman! In another case, a bear obeyed to leave the place being charged by a keeper of a club from its Members Only area >> Are you a member? get off from here! And the bear obeyed! Punditda informed.
Lol
== We thought you have fought polar bearhug like a superhero, Unman desperate to gag him. Episodic, OP's cool reaction ? Sorry, Macaca Fascicularis, 
I’m not a superman
just an ordinary man
questing to be a balanced man

....  He continued his epiction >> However, polar bears have been always a part of the imagination of the Eskimos living in the Arctic or sub-arctic regions of the world. Some of their fables fabricated around them. Punditda guzzles a fiz / bites  pizza /  puzzles his fizza.
== And Aurora Borealis? Chokita chuckled.
 == Regarding this aurora the legend of the Menominee tribe of North American Indians, as they heard from their elders was >> the friendly giant named Manabai`wok comes from the side of the northern winds. They suddenly appear piercing the dark sky with the torch of sharp spear of light to hunt fish. [Patch  => The Northern Lights (= Aurora Borealis) and the Southern Lights (= Aurora Australis) appear surrounding both the north and south magnetic poles, when the heavily charged electrons from the solar storms flashing out of the sun in the terrible speed of nearly 1 million mph, lash on the electromagnetic fields of the upper magnetosphere—to  clash with the atoms of nitrogen and oxygen, above the 20—200 miles off the earth’s surface. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes].
== Whatever you may say, yet it’s so much fun in the ice. As once I got it in Ladakh. Hita mentioned.
== Horribilis! Hit, it seems fun to you in the ice. Nevertheless, it won’t be a fun if u stuck into the snow in —20/30 degrees in snowstorm!  He looked back into relaying his slow snow rumination. >>> Flying from from Edmonton to Ottawa then to Halifax. Near to the airport at a nearby motel called Adam’s. At the reception, we met the middle-aged man, we guessed, might be Adam. Next morning. checking out time. near to the reception, just facing our stairs was standing a middle-aged lady, as if expecting us. I told her grinning >> At the time of in at this inn, we met Adam. Now at the time of out, I see Eve is very eagerly waiting for us—the sooner we get out the better!
She clearly laughed to deny faintly >> No no. {Yet here her No—meant Yes, rearly}.
....  However, while driving from Halifax in Nova Scotia to PE Island, we had to weather the snow storm onwards from the Confederation Bridge, the then longest (13 km) multi- span bridge in the world.  Stuck badly in the snowstorm off the beaten path… Sometime you have to shovel out the snow for passing on the road. —on ice you slip—skid—constant snowing— risky snail driving—low visibility—fear of frostbites—car graved in snow. Until the road cleared for driving… As a pale dash of hope emitting feeble yellow rays as if sublime lances of the sudden sun, slowly blessed us. He got distracted  while reflecting the flashtrack on his pricey icy times
~!~  ~!~ ~!~  ~!~~!~  ~!~ ~!~  ~!~

To evade icy bites, the glacier’s snow birds
have already flighted to warmer world
They will return after the crisis is over

~!~  ~!~ ~!~  ~!~~!~  ~!~ ~!~  ~!~

There after the tenacious hyperblizzard
Lance gladdened rays of the sudden sun
glaring and sparkling on the snow crystal
evaporating all to absorb into dried steam
all naturely credits + shapes + sign + sin
to callback >> not to  hell not to heaven
but to be dissolved as traceless face
into the immense space



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.15.60
Chapter 60: Chill Call


Omni Pundit’s Fizza 24
....  The criminal inclination in ex-alien Chakkar’s Futchuku background was latent in him. He was quite impressed by the heinous acts of the Stoneman, who once in the past used to kill innocent poor people sleeping in the footpaths in Kolkata at night, as he had heard it from Punditda. After being inducted into Omni Pundit’s close circle, 1 day Chakkar simply misappeared being lured by the crime world to make quick bucks.
First, he started smuggling cows across the border. 1 night when he was ferrying the cows into the midriver of the Ichhamoti in the dark, foxing the border guards, OP was appalled to catch him on Brazok and censured. 
....  Then he tried to run promoting business of building materials and supply of illegally lifting sand from riverbeds and crushing mountstones from hills in syndication with the powerful lobby of crime ministers, mafia boss Mehmood Hassan and a few lawmakers including Ronit Mishra. He made huge money +  reputation + influence in the highly placed circles quickly. Even he was awarded the title Bongottam with Ronit Mishra and others. Yet Ronit Mishra lost in the next election. Again both of them were censured by Omni Pundit. Chakkar escaped to his favorite place on the North East, Bhutan, Myanmar and Nepal, to evade the watch by OP.
....  He started fake money, fake ID, fake passport visa, and hawala racket. OP was appalled to catch him on Brazok and censured him.
Then he shifted to illegal poaching of tiger claws, elephant tusks, rhino horns from north Bangla, Assam and the north east, and smuggled red sandal wood to foreign countries, from Andhra and Karnataka. OP was appalled to catch him on Brazok and censured him.
....  Then he began supply of illegal arms and ammo to the ultras from the terrorians and foreign countries. Again caught and censured by OP. 
....  1 evening in Bangasudha OP was monitoring Chakkar on Brazok while he was enjoing with a Japanese young woman in Mandalay, an unknown rustic man not knowing the etiquette in Bangasudha, came and sat beside Omni Pundit, before any staff the tavern could guide him to other seat. Just after sitting, his eyes fell on Brazok screen to exclaim >> Oh, showing my city, Mandalay! Wow, in that restaurant we hang out!
== Really, you’re from Myanmar? Asked Omni Pundit.
== Oh, yes. Replied the man.
== So, you’re a tourist in India.
== Not exactly. I’ve come for treatment to dentist here. 
== Why? so far? no good dentist there in Yangon!
== There’re many.
== Then?
== In tyrannical rule there currently we can’t open mouth.
Lol

....  Next Chakkar was seen with the Japanese young woman named Amaya Nakata, as her guide and faking as if he fell in love with her and flattering to woo her >> Ahnahtah wa haruh no eechee ban no sahkurah yoree utsukushee. Daisuki desu. (You’re more beautiful than the first cherry blossom of spring. I love you.)
Watching this Omni Pundit grinned and mulled no need to monitor Chakkar for some time as of now.
....  Amaya was on tour then in Aizwal to find her roots. She visited the Imphal, Kohima, and Guwahati World War II Memorial Cemeteries, where some of the Japanese soldiers were buried. Her grand father, a Japanese soldier died there in the bloodiest battle of that World War II, happened in this theater, with more than 50 thousand Japanese troops in collaboration with the Indian National Army led by Netaji, fighting with the Allied forces. 
Actually, before coming here, Amaya had a visit to Korea on her office work, where she saw the statue of a comfort woman installed in front of the Japanese embassy there, which at that time fueled much spat in relationship between Korea & Japan. Because the comfort women from Korea were forced to serve as the sex slaves to the Japanese soldiers, for which Japan later apologized to Korea.  Amaya wondered then whether her grandfather also enjoyed some of those sex slaves in the South East Asian war theatre! Moreover, her that time musing culminated in this search tour for her roots to South East Asia, Myanmar and India.
....  However, in the context of the wartime slavery of the women, she was fascinated to read the book Women at War: Subhas Chandra Bose and the Rani of Jhansi Regiment, by Vera Hildebrand, a researcher at Copenhagen, Denmark.  “He was far ahead of his time, wasn't he? He thought back in 1943 the way we think about women's rights today.” The interrogated British intelligence officers revealed “that the Ranis were the most loyal soldiers of INA. Not a single one deserted him or defected to the Allies.” The Ranis “deified Bose”. “Many had a crush on him. Almost all the Ranis I spoke to believed he was very handsome. The attention they gave him was akin to what Elvis Presley would get at a later time from his women fans.” wrote Hildebrand.
....  From Imphal, Chakkar Chaki came to Shantiniketan and then to Baul Mela at Joydeb’s Kenduli with Amaya. There for several times  as well as in Nabadwip, Mayapur and  at Kumbhmela at Prayag, we will later see Chakkar dancing frenziedly with Amaya and other  foreigner women with the religious kirtans by the sadhus. It was in Prayag he got to be a chela of the Yogi Chillum Baba. In the ashram of Chillum Baba, he learned the tacktrickery of how to make huge money easily encashing the religious sentiments of the adherents. Next, Chakkar himself opened his corporate ashram near Bengaluru and exploited foreign donations  trapping a honeycomb employing a bevy of young beautiful women devotees, when the media glare centered on him. One victimised woman even remarked to the reporters >> Hum dhoondh rahe the bhagwaan / aur woh nikla shaitaan. (We were searching god, and we got satan). Spotting which Omni Pundit was fire! He was determined to send him back to his Futchuku chieftains.
....  Sniffing OP's wrath, and to evade the ire of international police, Chakkar Chaki, the ex-alien having the ability to be vanish wherever he likes, fled from India and soon became involved in the huwoman and  child trafficking and drug smuggling business with gangs of central America centering in Mexico. Omni Pundit thru Brazok tracked him in the underground drug tunnels between Mexico and US with smuggler gang war king pins, chased by the police of the 2 countries. Again OP threatened him to extradite from earth back to the Futchuku chieftains in his planet, if he did not come back to legal ways to make bucks. This time Chakkar scared, had to come back. 
== And where's your aide Chakkar Chaki, the flying Saucer? Suma asked.
== Chakkar is due to come. However, in which chakkar (errand) he’s spiraling who knows? Punditda was fretful, as Chakkar might be involved again in what illicit act and get arrested who knows? That will revealize his true identity which will setback the project purpose. Also Chakkar was to dispose of so many works in a short time, remained pending for him.
== Lo, your flying saucer coming waltzing. Hita showed.
== What news, Punditda? Chakkar faking innocence, as if done no wrong, took his seat.
== News in newspaper. Punditda’s reply with gravity.
== Your news?
== Not in newspaper.
Lol

== Horribilis! OP was furicious remembering his misdeeds and now pretention. A mischief. as if always flying. a flying saucer, he has no agony. reckless. always jovial. and  unbeshamed —Capra Hircus. I'm fade up with this goat. I give up. You tackle this goat.
It is your goat
You may cut it at the tail
or at the throat
== Now who goat? Punditda? Cozying in his seat Chakkar asked.
== Horribilis! Who else? Except you? Capra Hircus! He stopped a bit. precalled these lines by the Poet flashed in his mind, which he didn't utter >>>
Let it be herefore
Whatever happened wherefore
now goats graze on the historic spot
How can a goat guess the hysteric historia?

The goat is cool even being a scapegoat
May be s/he doesn't know, as s/he is a goat
or as s/he doesn't know, so s/he is a goat
Let it be so therefore

....  Omni Pundit buzzed after guzzling a fizz ? Whatever may be, people of most religions eat goat. so goat is yours truly secular animal.
Lol
So more and more goats are eaten, as goat is secular.
Lol
But the goat does not know it is peculiar secular.
Lol
The goat does not know it, as s/he is a goat.
Lol
And as s/he doesn’t know, so s/he is a goat.
Lol
However, even after eating, the number of goats is ever increasing in our country. You understand, Capra hircus? Punditda  digged Chakkar.
== You must not label me as goat always in front of all. Chakkar grumbled.
== Horribilis! Oh, your prestige punctured? But thou art Capra hircus, me liketh to say that the number of goats has been ever increasing in our country. So much so that even after export of goats, the number hither didn’t dwindle. just for example whence the 3400 Indian goats didn’t knoweth in which worthy  purpose they were being slaughtered —> for binding with their skin the then largest publication of the world, the ‘British Parliamentary  Papers’, =>  weighing 3.64 tons in 1,112 volume set of ‘British Parliamentary  Papers’, 1800-1900. Published by the Irish University Press, as cited in Guinness Book of Records.
....  Suhit was pondering where and how to set the hit on Punditda to flare him up ? Leave goat. You said where the grizzle and polar bears are found in significant numbers, Punditda.
== In Canada. The Polar bears also found in the arctic and sub-arctic regions.
== Punditda, you said due to global warming the number of polar bear and penguins are reducing. So I’ve a brilliant Billion Dollar Idea for you. You start a business of polar bear and penguins to export from arctic to Antarctic region and vice versa. Where it will be shortage, you just supply it to that region from the other region. You will have a brisk business easily.
....  Omni Pundit guzzles a fizz / bites pizza / puzzles his fizza ? You’re talking of polar bear, but actually, you’re a shrewmouse = Sorex Carulescens. Saddened at his IQ, Punditda replied coolly combing his haphazard hair with fingers of one hand and stirring his gladdened glass of bangasudha with the other hand.
....  Amused one and all, Preya Pathok examined ?: Why Punditda?
== Horribilis! PP, Why? Ask him, if the shrewmouse knows that penguins ain’t there in the arctic, and polar bears not found in Antarctica?
== Not available? Oh, however then you just supply which is not found where. Make over a colony of penguins and polar bear together. It will pull large number of tourists and your profit will soar / more and more. Suhit rearranged to set the tempo.
== Horribilis! what the hell you’re talking about! Visibly irritated, Omni Pundit wondered rubbing his unkempt hair with one hand.
== Why what’s the mistake in my grand plan I give you, you should be thankful to me. Suhit quite upbeat.
== Horribilis! you’re really a hopeless Sorex Carulescens. How could you pass the exam? Must have copied answer sheets from others. How did you get first class and a job? Had I been your examiner, I would give you a big 0. And had I been your employer I would have instantly fired you!
== Punditda rightly said. he has copied fro others to pass. Unman lubricated. 
== But I can’t find where I’m wrong. Shamming Suhit pumped more and more.
== Horribilis! Can a Shrewmouse understand? so it is called so.
What is round a blind cannot find
still the earth is round

Listen, if both polar bears and penguins are kept nearby, the polar bears will kill all penguins and make them extinct from earth just in a short time.
== Penguins will fly away whenever polar bears attack them, Suhit argued in support of his plan.
== Horribilis! Have you seen any penguin? You needn’t go to Antarctica for that. They can be viewed in some places of North and South America and Australia, South Africa, but whatta hazard, not as majestic, as colorful, as natural and as many as in Antarctica.
== Those places too how many people have gone? However, what’s wrong with the penguins if they fly away seeing polar bears? Suhit argued.
== Horribilis! can penguins fly? They simply waggle their wings and walk. They’ve forgotten to fly, as it’s not needed anymore. in Ross Islands and other places where they’re found in large numbers in Antarctica, and hunting is totally banned there, they will come near / to you without fear. the majestic emperor penguins will inspect you from near, probably to be assured that, you’re not a harmer or may be why have you intruded into their white snow land of peace?
== Oh, both the poles have the same conditions so—
Punditda stopped him vigorously ? Horribilis! Who told you both the poles are the same? Only ice makes them same? Then there’s ice in every fridge. So they are also the same?
Lol
Though the poles or the Himalayas—once they were atouched to each other?
[Patch => India was a geological relative of Antarctica, as  both  were supposed to be the parts of  the Gondowana land super continent along with Australia, New Zealand, Africa and  South America, about 200 million years ago. The continents, the  subcontinent and the islands broke away. and got separated from one another, about 70 million years ago. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes].
....  Being cooler Omni Pundit recalled to add ? Once I had planned to start a company from Darjeeling or Gangtok to sell ice cream using the natural supply of ice from Mount Kanchenjunga.
== Wow, whatta sexy plan! Kuhak Kumar wowed.
== Oh yes, Ku Ku, then I thought if hundreds of years ago ice could be shipped from Boston to Kolkata, Madras, Bombay, Delhi  and made considerable profit, then why not ice from the Himalayas can be marketed to where the demand for ice is hot?  However it didn't materialize, since it wasn't considered viable to any marketing company.
== That was a foolish plan, which couldn’t succeed. As it’s more foolish to imagine any substantial difference between 2 ice covered places like the north and south poles. Unman hotting up, calculating fully well that Punditda would contradict him.
== Horribilis! howling hanuman, Macaca Fascicularis. Not only one. But several acute differences between the poles. First and foremost is one is north and the other is south.   OP explained—
Lol
Because the earth’s north axis is called north pole and the south axis is called south pole. North pole is positive and south pole is negative energetic field.  The positive magnetic charge (+VE) from north pole visits clockwise to south pole (-VE) and —
....  Unman dramatically somersaulted to stop him with folded hands >> Gurudeb, It waz my fault to give you this opportunity to sermon the scientific explanations— that me like nonscientific layman hath no mentension to understand, so thou please ceaseth to proceed— 
....  Upping tempo, Omni Pundit hath no mentension to cease. So he proceedeth => Howling Monkey, you’ll uproot me? 
When one goes to uproot for rout 
Another may go down en route to fix the root

Ok, in very short and a simple few => North pole is a thin layer of ice floating on the Arctic ocean and Antarctica is thick ice covered on solid land mass at present consisting about 90% ice of the earth.  From the north pole the North Star is visible. There is no such star especially visible from the south pole. There are mountains and volcanoes beneath the Antarctica, while there is none in the north pole. Millions of people permanently live in the Arctic and Tundra region, while as at present only researchers live in the scientific research stations in Antarctica temporarily, which is colder than the Arctic—
== Ok, ok I surrender. please stoppeth giving your vitamins. I doth agree that there art many differences. Unman understood he has hit upon a wrong chord, where Punditda was strong enough to outsmart him.
== Horribilis! Bignorant of all these big things you’re howling  s-a-m-e thing. A monkey jumping tree to tree! But—
Like a monkey when
jumping yet not missing the branch
only then you can convert your opportunity
into propertunity to burgeon

No, you ain’t simply Macaca Fascicularis, you’re at the same time Equus Africanus. OP crowned him another title too.
....  Chakkar now delightfully declared >> I know the meaning of Equus Africanus, that means donkey. Everybody enjoyed Unman’s added weightage and responsibility of monkey + donkey.
== Whatever might be what a brilliant feeling it would be to go there and remain standing in the southern most point of the earth, year after year constantly! Roqea Ray was amazed to imagine. 
== Horribilis! Ro Ro, another big mistake. The geographical South Pole point doesn't remain exactly in the same place year after year. Geographical South Pole as of now usually varies a bit each year. And currently a specially made brass pole is repositioned each year in the particular point about which the earth revolves on that particular year. This can be seen the Global Positioning System as:  S 90.00.000
That is the southernmost point of the earth. One cannot go further south. Punditda elucidated.
== Who first reached the South Pole? Alin, who came home for a few days on leave, and joined the adda just now, asked.
== Not Alin Sen. A Norwegian Roald Amundsen and 4 members of his expedition team first reached the South Pole on 14th December, 1911. Amundsen not Alin Sen. Punditda quipped. Reaching there next month Robert Falcon Scott, the leader of the British Expedition team saw — driving dog sleds the goal had already been achieved by the Norwegians: "The Norwegians have forestalled us and are first at the Pole. It is a terrible disappointment and I am very sorry for my loyal companions. Tomorrow we must march on the Pole, and then hasten home with all the speed we can. All the day-dreams must go; it will be a wearisome return". More tragedy awaited Scott and his teammates. as on the way home, they all were perished by belligerent weather, while the Norwegians reached home safely.
== Who waz Shackleton  then? Preya Pathok quizzed.
== PP, Ernest Shackleton was another Brit explorer during 1907-1909. He had to return with his team reaching from 97 miles to the South Pole, as their supplies exhausted and if they didn't return, they had to die. On his decision to return abandoning the expedition he said to his wife Emily: "I thought, dear, that you would rather have a live ass than a dead lion."
      Nevertheless, if Shackleton had seen you Unman, the perfect Equus Africanus that time, he wouldn't mention of ass, to insult the clan of ass being compared with you. Omni Pundit drove the ball over boundary.
Lol



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.16.61
Chapter 61: Kill Call 


Omni Pundit’s Fizza 25 
....  Omni Pundit that evening was hearing a heated dissension over which of the two is the more cruel part of the human species >>  man or woman? 
Hita Haait indicting Unman >> There's no doubt about it; men are more ferocious animal than women are. Just see in a recent case. The college girl was brutally gang raped. then she was killed to efface all proof. by splitting her body into 2 parts—tearing her 2 legs apart. They are not male. but animal. rather animale. Horribilis! Punditda, why are u silent now? You discourse on what not subjects?
....  As usual. Omni Pundit guzzles a fizz / bites pizza / puzzles his fizza ? Horribilis! Hit, I'm silent because I'm a man. If I tell anything on it, you'll tell, as I'm a male chauvinist, so I'm favoring man. If I tell you'll tell Punditda is telling tale. Therefore, to remain populist, it is better to remain silent. He diluted his sodhak pill into his glass of bangasudha elixir, steered it, checking on his Brazok. 
== Had any of us ever told u that you are partial in any case any time? Some men also blame us as favoring woman hating & baiting men, as we are female chauvinists. That's not the question. The question here is what is beneficial to the human race as a whole. Because human being is not a complete species simply with woman, leaving man and the vice versa. Chokita checked him.
==  That's obviously correct as till now. Nevertheless, will it do on our words? First, even if among animal, we are to see it is whose kingdom? The kingdom of reptile, or kingdom of tiger, or kingdom of elephant, or kingdom of eagle, or  kingdom of lion, or kingdom of dog, or kingdom of jackal or the kingdom of man-animal called manimal? And the subjects will have to follow the particular traits of the jungle rule as is where is, as governed by the queen or king or the topmost brass in authority. Now probably you’re at a loss what am I talking about! Therefore, I’ll  tell you a few true stories only. Then not me, you yourself decide. 
....  Again, he kept mum for a few minutes. Everybody was impatient to hear his story. He slowly stirred the bangasudha elixir in his glass dreamily with the melting ice cubes. Kept tab on him Lori / What are u musing about / tell us the story.
== Horribilis! Mulling, should I tell these rude & crude facts in front of the women here?
....  The women became more interested to hear the story? Why the women here are to be ashamed for some cruel men's misdeeds? It is animal like man who is to be ashamed; he is not man, not male but manimale. Chokita fumed.
== You just tell us. Now. You see—not to speak of any authoritarian, totalitarian or fatalitarian state—even in countries who boast of having freedom of speech and movement in a democratic country—how the rights of the common people mostwhere in the world are trampled fatally—by the snooping agencies of the governments in a fatalitarian style enslaving people by compromising your security and privacy —where you can't say anything against any sinister minister or higher ups in the hierarchy regarding their misdeeds. Roqea Ray rued.
== Horribilis! Correct, Ro Ro. Even a harmless joke or cartoon are also targeted, being branded as the handiwork of the supporter of the opposition & extremists, + even 
There’s no surety that plundering privacy
your bedroom and bathroom intimacy
too are not to be snooped and stored
in government or private databases
sold for the benefit of your security!

== Then where and when can we say, if we can’t say it even here, in our Bangasudha parliament now? Preya Pathok bitterly smirked. 
....  Unman, Suhit, Porno and Abin Das were on the back foot. afraid / what more slur / they have to hear / for other man's mantastic misdeed?
Nevertheless, Chakkar was very interested to swallow any sin of crime or sinerama for his inclinations to any climate of sin, so to say— any crimatic sinclinations as usual.
....  OP posted a vague smile eyeing all at a go, to fork up his pizza & deliver his bangasudha puzzle fizza=> In Pretoria, a young man was at a back seat, travelling in a shared taxi of 30, mostly empty. Only a few woman riders in the front. The driver asked him to come to the front seat. When in front seat the women injected him to make senseless. On gaining sense he found himself confined in an unknown room. The South African police said the 3 women forcibly drank him an energy drink each time and allegedly raped him often for how many days and times, the man couldn't remember.
== But this ain’t so cruel— the guy’s not killed. Hita hits.
== Horribilis! Hit, oh, you want unkinder. rude & crude. Then i’ll cite 2 examples.
The first is: According to newspaper report, one of the richest businessman in the village Uroko Onoja, in Ugbugbu Owukpa village in Nigeria, was allegedly attacked with sticks and knives by his 5 among 6 jealous wives — each demanding sex ==>(.) with him, as he had sex with his fav youngest wife. So after reportedly forced sex sessions with his 4 wives ==>(.) ==>(.) ==>(.) ==>(.) in succession, when the 5th wife was preparing to embed, he breathed his last. Until that time, his 2 wives were arrested. And, the villagers said the police were combing in the jungle in search of the remaining wives.
== Amazing! And your 2nd citation? Ro Ro interested to hear like all.
== Op stressed—Not far. here. a small news pushed to the moot corner of an inside page. most have not read. Next day the ugly report probably was completely suppressed, may be fearing it might not be palatable to the readers. Pause.
== What’s up? Masuma asked.
== What’s it?? Roqea wondered.
== Horribilis! Calm Suma, Ro Ro, my friends. Cool. Pause. >>> A woman comes to a courier office with a closed sealed parcel packet to be dispatched to a woman's address. the cover is smeared with something like blood. The suspecting booking girl asks the woman: What's in it? open. It needs to be checked before sending. She reports her boss. The boss tear opens to see utterly horribilis! —a man's chopped off genitals ==> packed and addressed to be sent to a woman, possibly his wife!!  The sender woman melts in the meantime. The cops come. interrogate the booking girl. hearing her description + on the basis of the hearsay, a picture of the fugitive woman was to be drawn by the artist to be published to nab the culprits —
== Have the police been successful in getting any clue?
Without giving any direct reply to the specific query, Punditda went on telling =>The previous day police had recovered the dead body of a murdered doctor. aged on the wrong side of forty. who held a responsible post in some govt. health services. from a hotel room. whose hands and feet tied with a rope. a piece of wood found forcibly pushed into his rectum. his genitals chopped off. his lips were stapled. Police informed he had physical contacts with several women. And 1 woman has a little resemblance with the appearance of the suspect—as per the description of the hotelier—tallied with the courier girl's depiction of the woman, who went to book the parcel to the deceased's wife.
....  Everybody and eachbody was stunned and muted. After a while, Hita Haait said in a softer voice => Yes, I admit the cruelty of persons cannot be generalized as any gender specific, as it irrespective of the genders differ on different situations.
== Yes, but if I tell you’ll Punditda is telling tell. We always tend to generalize and stereotype. It was thought that time that all the women devotees at least, will support the women, men and the apex court’s order to let all sections of women enter into the Sabarimala temple in Kerala. But in fact a  huge number of women, including the woman judge, were against the verdict that upheld the women’s equal right. So to see & show any fact as the repression of men over women or women over men is just a fragile stereotyped myth; not at all correct. It is the overpowering of the more powerful over the less powerful in any particular tradition, situation and time, irrespective of men or women.
....  Chokita wondered: Why this type of atrocities happen Punditda?
Punditda figured out: Because—>
..  To live = to navigate thru contradictions
..  Woman wants > < man doesn’t
..  Man wants > < woman doesn’t  
..  Mind wants > < body doesn’t
..  Body wants > < mind doesn’t 
..  Tongue wants > < belly doesn’t
..  Belly wants > < tongue doesn’t 
..  Leader wants > < public don’t
..  Public want > < leader doesn’t
..  I want > < you don’t
..  You want > < I don’t
..  Heroine wants > < hero doesn’t  
..  Hero wants > < heroine doesn’t
..  Spectators want > < director doesn’t
..  Director wants > < spectators don’t
..  Owner wants > < workers don’t
..  Workers want > < owner doesn’t
..  Students want > < teacher doesn’t 
..  Teacher wants > < students don’t 
..  Writer wants > < publisher doesn’t
..  Publisher wants > < writer doesn’t 
..  Buyers want > < seller doesn’t 
..  Seller wants > < buyers don’t
..  To live = to navigate thru contradictions
As in this case, what the deceased Doctor had wanted, what his sex mates wanted, and what his wife wanted must have been mismatched and gone sour, resulting in appalling kill call by the more powerful section at that particular point of time, irrespective of their sex pattern.
You’re to navigate
through the frictions to live
Negotiate with thorns & worms to grow
if you dream to blossom and glow

....  Suhit Seth was disarrayed >> Well Punditda, can you tell why these atrocities on men are looked downplayed by the media, press and people generally? I mean why the originations of atrocity by women on men are downplayed, reported and purported as bizarre, without any importance, when media report this type of atrocity on women regularly hitting headlines? Moreover, why people overlook the physical and mental subjection many dominating women generally often commit—on the weaker and old men, women and children, and people also not taking them seriously? Moreover, law— also is discriminatory and lenient on those domineering women manywhere?
== Horribilis! Sethji, It might be for that the physical violence of men over women is still by far, far greater than the vice versa—mainly due to the generally so-called naturely superior physical strength of men, than that of women and hence easily looked as violence of the stronger over the weaker. So the number of sexual violence on the so-called weaker sex, has been spiraling at a geometrical progression—so fast manyhere and there in spite of the ‘empowerment’ of women. Otherwise, how could there be a single stretch of 724 km on the Canadian Highway 16 labelled as the >>>
Highway of Tears
[Patch => A billboard there cautioned >> Girls Don’t Hitchhike on the Highway of Tears. Killer on the loose. Because there on the particular stretch of the highway were murdered or missing, many mostly poor indigenous girls and women. Where it was alleged by the aboriginal activists that some officers entrusted to solve the missing indigenous women’s cases were racists with bias. Even records of the enquiry in the files were reportedly erased. At last the federal government had to form a national commission to probe into the matter, along  with all other such crimes allover the nation—the number of which that time could be as high as 1200, as claimed by the minister concerned. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
....  In practice we need to be uplifted as the balanced man and woman and the 3rd gender—not just a few supermen and superwomen—based mainly on the power that is within women or any people—to awaken themselves, that is to enpower themselves including the 3rd gender people, in order to achieve the gender neutrality.
== Lo, Punditda, what's this enpowerment of women? Haven't ever heard! Preya Pathok wondered.
== Horribilis! PP, Enpowerment is to strengthen themselves from within — inner willforce and grim determination and supplement themselves with the extra power needed by them to cope up with the stronger women and men or others. 
What really needed is the equilibrium
between man & woman
to be equal in true sense of the term
as 1 human species—not the half of it

....  And to achieve the enpowerment of the women they themselves should be supplementing with the practice of martial arts, yoga, meditation, pranayam, and some mod gadgets I’m planning to make like >> Lipstriker, Deo Dump Spray, Girland, Cosmirror, Penter, Pen Gun, Ray Spray et al to add on the inbuilt power within themselves. + men & women's united actions against violence and if necessary, by calling sex strike. Omni Pundit surmised.
== Lo, Punditda, another riddle  what is sex strike? Hita amazed.
== Not to have sex with their partners until & unless their demand is met. OP added.
== Was it applied anywhere before?
== It was heard, I had no opportunity to verify, that this sex strike was successfully utilized by women in Liberia to attain their goal. Punditda joked.
....  Then arrows of questions ==> ==> ==> from all the peers shot on OP, which he replied in fact were translessions, not just translations of their questions into answers >>
Q> Which rule by whom was then established in Liberia? What was the condition of Liberia?
A> That time the jungle rule was established there by the ferocious warlords. The warlords were infighting among themselves in civil wars to gain control of the land and government—over other factions, like in some other countries in Africa then to capture the state-powers. Wide scale violence, rape and murder were the order of the atrocious days in Liberia, where then even the children were drugged and used in fighting with Kalashnikov guns in their hands. And rampant rape of the other factions’ women was the weapon widely applied by the warring factions in the state. Anyone who dared to show the slightest dissidence were either killed or severely tortured and his body ferociously mutilated as punishment. Answering this OP counterrogated. Link as you think / Click as you tick >>

Q U I Z >> The situation changed under whose leadership?

[] Mother Teresa. [] Joan of Ark. [] Leymah Gbowee.
[] Golda Meir. [] NOTA.

None could answer. Omni Pundit said: Leymah Gbowee.
....  Then again his friends showered questions:
Q> How the women mobilized their campaign?
A>They organized women protesters irrespective of religion, demanding peace from mosques and churches, shunning and stunning the guns, utilizing sex strike as a weapon on their male counterparts ? until & unless their demands were accepted. Yet another formidable enemy would be attacking soon. OP answered.
Q> Which enemy?
A> The dreadly Ebola virus. attacked Liberia + some other countries in that part of the world.
[Patch => A man in Liberia segregated in an Ebola camp suspected to be contacted with the disease, waiting for the result of the blood taste, vomited on the floor, rising up from his bed. Others noticed he had kept a long knife under his pillow. When questioned about it, he explained: I’d rather kill myself with knife, rather than die out of Ebola. 2 days later, he died out of Ebola—not by knife. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes].
Q > Does it prove that all women are the weaker sex, if they can resist and bargain? So long silent Abin Das now asked.
A > Horribilis! Bindas, Not at all. Many women are physically and mentally much stronger than men. Omni Pundit surmised. 
== Can you cite any example in support of your proposition? Chokita was skeptic.
== Horribilis! Why not? There are many many. Throughout the ages. Omni Pundit cited. Just a recent one is herefore:

BOOby Trap
....  During trial, the judge Matilda Parker asked the complainant: What's your charge against your girlfriend Zofia Smith?
== She attempted to murder me. The complainant Haynes responded.
== How? Interrogated the defendant Zofia’s pleader.
== She kept me stuffocated pressing my head between her large D breasts with her hands firmly. Haynes said.
Hysterical Laughter
{The judge being woman was a little bit embarrassed—mulling a while of her own breast cup size 32F, and suppressing her grin within herself, but showing no hint of that upfront, posing seriousness, hammered again × again.}
== SILENCE!!
After silence clamped, asked Zofia’s pleader:  Then what did you do?
== I tried hard again and again to detach my head from her breasts to breathe, but the pressure of her hands on me was immense to hold me there against her boobs.
Hilarious Laughter
== SILENCE!!  SILENCE!!
== What was her motive? Why do you think she did so? Interrogated Zofia’s pleader.
== I'm a lawyer by profession. But I wasn't successful in my profession in the city where we lived before. However, coming to this small town, I have been smelling success now in my profession. And—I have been meeting other women too, which infuriated her, especially when her own job wasn't going on steadily.
Justice Parker asked Zofia Smith: Do you agree to what he complains?
== I firmly deny. What's the proof? Even the photo of massive boobs shown as a sexample in the news feed ain't mine. Then? Zofia negated.
Uproarious Laughter
== SILENCE!!   SILENCE!!
== Any definite evidence in support of your complain? crossed Zofia’s pleader to the complainant Haynes. 
== She even threatened me on phone that >> I will make your death euphoric to you. The phone call might be retrieved. Haynes replied…

Comments on the Virtual Hub    (42)
[] virago wrote > It is another signature of male-dominated society. No proof, yet women harassed on false charges.
[] lucifier wrote >  So massive boobs! Pot boiler. shit. Kidding and suckling the big kid. Fooh!
[] indiegal wrote >  Boo. Boo. Boobed! bOOby trap. Shams. The photo used to show sexamples of huge breasts are that of some other woman, not hers. Where's the real picture? Without real pix, how can it be established?
[] hulabalo  wrote > hunno hukua tutur tua!
[] grandude wrote > Wow hot! / How photo could be shot / that time when one is stuffocating?/ But i'd love to die / being oppressed by massive bOObs in a booby trap! / my heartizen, to bid you forever, Good bye!
[] abracadabra wrote > ………..
+ 117 more.  Learn more to earn more.



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E


3.17.62
Chapter 62: Rising Africana


Omni Pundit’s Fizza 26
....  Though then Omni Pundit had regulated Chakkar keeping tabs on him, again after a stopgap of some time of desertion for rotating on his own hidden agenda, Chakkar was suddenly seen waggled in Bangasudha wearing a colorful lungi. which appalled and amused the revelers. he garbed vivid horrific tattoos allover his body. also flaunting a voodoo ring in one ear. They teased their flying saucer for appearing there wearing lungi. Though there was no dress code to enter in Bangasudha, lungi was not at all an appropriate gentile dress in this hot spot hangout. His sticky sharp hair crowned his head with sharp erectile bristles like that of a porcupine.
Chokita pranked => Hey Chakkar, you look fabulous to day in lungi, I'll fall in love with you for today and give you a hug!
Chakkar => Then you’ll also have to wear lungi to look fav.
Aashiq Pasha spiced: Pairing you Chokita-Chakkar will perform Lungi dance.
Lol
....  Combing with his fingers of a hand on his unkempt hair, Omni Pundit guzzles a fizz / bites pizza / puzzles his fizza to premember ? Oh, say no more of this Flying Saucer.
== Why what did Chakkar do? Abin Das forwarded everybody’s curio.
== Horribilis! Bindas, that time we were staying at Chamba in Himachal. I noticed him out of the house for a long time. So going to the balcony, I discovered him on top of an adjoining hillock. I asked—  What are you doin’ there?
Showing the book in hand, he shouted: You often tell me to study. So I was doing higher study in a higher place!
Lol
      Nevertheless, hey guyz, don't joke & poke & jeer & leer him for wearing this lungi; rather cheer him. did you know lungi is one of the most popular wear of people in the South Asia? However, I'm trying to figure out who advised you to wear this attire, Chakkar?
== Why, haven't you seen the Bollywood super stars dancing in films in lungi? Chakkar was excited to announce >> this is the latest fad! 
== No. I  haven't. As many more people don't need to be funatic in those woods, yet try to be jolly in other jollywoods. It's simple & easy —
On the way to your blue jollywood
flash your credit card => Enter

And even more and more people are no less happy to remain jolly in their own inbuilt menternatural jollywood. But yes, many people here & there & manywhere are always prone on the dance spree like as you say Chokita-Chakkar dance:
If you be mad to dance
I’ll be maddess to dance
None’ll blame our trance dance

Born to stance & dance
Dance    world    dance
Open your pocket dance
Bolly dancing dance
Tolly dancing dance
Holly dancing dance
Open heart dance
On defeat dance
On win dance
You have food dance
You starve dance
Bazaar rising dance
Share falling dance
Bomb bursting dance
People dying dance
If you pass dance
If you fail dance
Beheading people dance
Quaking Tsunami Dance 
Guzzle beer dance
Grizzle bear dance

If you be mad to dance
I’ll be maddess to dance
None’ll blame our trance dance

Different Pathway
....  Suhit Seth had fizzled out from the Bangasudha theque for weeks why nobody knew. Therefore, Omni Pundit was on the lookout for him. Because he in fact felt the need of leg pulling of Suhit on himself, which indirectly propelled him to hover over from subject to subjects. As ?
Often we’re hurt if there’s none to hurt
For hearty hurt— we’re to know the art

....  1 day Omni Pundit caught Suhit on the street quite morose, stubbly and bewildered. On query, he came to know that in the tour-operating company, Suhit worked was locked out. He has been jobless since then, looking for a job. which he couldn’t get. So he couldn’t go.
== I know you’re qualified. But have you adequate knowledge on the business you worked? Punditda asked. 
== Thoroughly. A to Z I’ve worked for in the business. Suhit asserted.
== Look, I can’t give you a job. However, if you opt for business on this line, I might try for you.
== Oh, I’m tired of being hired & fired from jobs.  I’m also opting for business, but having no capital of my own, is the main bottleneck.
== Then, one of my consociate, Bira Bose was looking for a reliable man, as the manager of her husband’s business cheated her after the death of her husband. The guy must be qualified and have sound knowledge of the travel business and will have to be able to invest a little  as the guarantee money, but have to tour extensively and frequently as and whenever and wherever required—which now a days she is unable to do as she is aged. 
== Oh, Guru, please tap this situation for me! 
== Ok, let me talk to Bira Bose if the situation is still vacant. However, this is not a job. She might offer you even a certain percent partnership in lieu of your small investment and your 100% commitment + dedicated service to increase the volume of her business to a substantial one on this line.
....  After this prelude, with the help of Omni Pundit the partnership clicked for Suhit with his major business partner Bira Bose. Their travel agency and tour operating company has been able to set toehold on the Far East, Oceania, Middle East, Africa and Europe currently.
....  Omni Pundit also helped him to be connected to his known Cairo businessman Khalid. Khalid sets up a stall in a trade fair in Kolkata every year. He, an aficionado of Sufi, Nubian music and dance, also performs here in the sufi music fests. Khalid assisted Suhit to establish connection and open agencies in several places in Africa including Cairo, Alexandria, Casablanca, Nairobi, Cape Town, Johannesburg, apart from their existing agencies in Turkey, Greece and Europe. And eyeing to expand soon in the North and South Americas. Suhit, now a frequent flier, in connection with his travel agency.
....  One day in a slack tourist season, Suhit was sitting in his office in Alexandria, on the street facing the Mediterranean Sea. He found it difficult to fix the fixture setting the package tours on the places of tourist attractions in different parts of Africa. Because many places the situations were quite volatile due to the fiasco of militancy or the warring warlords. In Egypt, the situation was better. However, there currently going on was the constant protest by the citizens at Tahrir Square against the despotic ruler. Most of the services of transport disrupted. Resulting to the thinning of tourist flow. Tourism industry seriously hit. Mostly all bookings of rail, bus, air and hotels were cancelled. He had to cancel even Romnis Pundit’s tickets to Alexandria via Cairo from Kolkata. Instead, Omni Pundit camping in Istanbul now, waiting to come here to him. He had wished to revisit the Alexandria Library there.
....  A visitor entered in Suhit's room. An Ethiopian. He said his name Mebrete: I’ve to go to Addis Ababa. However, all the transport system disrupted due to the Tahrir Sq movement in Cairo. If you can somehow find me a ticket to a safe and easy way to go there from here.
== Easy and safe! Well, this isn’t a pharaoh time. then you could probably take a boat to cruise on the Nile to your country Ethiopia, he joked. Now a day if you somehow cross Egypt, you may get stuck in ethnic clash in Sudan.
== If I go through a longer indirect route? If I take the indirect route via Eden or Zedda? And from there enter into my country?
== On that route, how far is in control of the government, to what extent over the Red Sea currently it is controlled by which radical militia groups or by the pirates, I’ve no idea. You might be from frying pan to fire. There even dolphins were said to have escorted Chinese warships against the Somali pirates. But who’ll protect lone traveler? Questioning he grinned.
== And how about going thru Algeria or Libya?
== In Algeria it was reported one time the radicals prey the foreigners as hostage to demand huge amount of ransom and kill the hostage if their demands were not met. In Libya, our office in Tripoli was rampaged by the militia. 2 Indian teachers kidnapped. + Some parts of West Africa under the grip of Ebola virus. So we’re now operating our agency only in those places where the situation is conducive to regular tourism like Morocco, Masai Mara, Serengeti, South Africa apart from Egypt, UAR, Turkey and Greece. Otherwise, Africa is a golden hill for tourism. However, as of now we have to suspend our business in those troubled parts of Africa where we’re suffering terrible loss, to go back to our country.
== Which country?
== India.
== You have huge population.
== Yea, currently more than that of the whole Africa. 
== Oh, I envy the Indians!
== What for? Suhit now looked at the comer’s eyes.
== They are hugely rich people there.
== Yes there are many. However, poorer are too many. And the disparity between the rich and the poor is huge like that of the US and elsewhere.
== But why suffer loss here? You’ll have influx of migrant travelers from the middle east and Africans who want to cross the Mediterranean Sea and migrate into Italy, Greece, Germany, Spain, France or parts of Europe, just as they flock to migrate from Mexico, Honduras, Guatemala — these central American countries to US?
== Like the illegal immigrants to your country, most of the refugees now enter in Europe illegally, if they succeed somehow to cross the Sahara desert to sneak in Libya, Algeria, Egypt and Turkey and then ferry the sea in extremely dangerous condition risking their lives...
[Patch => In 1 such pathetic case, 92 migrants, most of whom children and women died in the Sahara desert burning in sun out of thirst and hunger, lured by the traffickers, while they were trying to cross the desert by foot after their 2 trucks were broken. In search of food, work or better living, leaving their poor country, they set off from the mining town Arlit in Niger aiming to reach Tamanrasset in Algeria, or may be in Libya, like every year. Eyeing from there to sneak in their dreamland in Europe. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes].
...While ferrying on the sea, in small dinghy boats overloaded with large number of people often drowned. The touts duped them and smugglers who promise to export them legally to Europe, extorting exorbitant sums of money and immersing them in abyss of trouble in seawater. In addition, the illegal entrants were often targeted, heavily heckled and tortured and fleeced by hooligans on the way. Still they opt to migrate to Europe in the hope of getting better scope in life there, as after the independence, many countries in Africa were ravaged by the civil war among the brutal warlords, coup d'états, ethnic conflicts, religious militancy, genocides, famines and HIV/ AIDS, Ebola disease. So how and why shall they come to travel agencies when they can’t travel legally? They’re going to the touts and smugglers to cross over to Europe. We had to experience this kind of situation during the communal partition of India on religious lines, when the ethnic riots & genocide claimed around one million and displaced around 15 millions of people >> most of whom crossed over to India from East Bengal and Pakistan to seek refuge. But why are you so desperate to go to your country now?
== Look, I’m a taxi driver in Washington. For the last 20 years, I have been relocating all of my family members and relatives to US. One of my sister and her family still live near Addis Ababa. I do not belong to the same group of the ruling Junta that controls Ethiopia now. So they will kill us if they get to know me or my family there. To go by plane will be riskier for me. Still I will have to take the risk to sneak in my country somehow to save my sister’s family who are fraught in danger. Rest my contacts will help me there. You only please try to arrange somehow a ticket whatever the cost, so that I can enter in Ethiopia, without any threat.
Suhit smiled stoically. And said 
All are equal all are great
there is no threat
only before birth & after death

Listen, for that, I will have to receive the info and feedback from other operators to know which route to Addis Ababa is still safer from here at this moment, so that we can issue you a ticket. I hope it will be quite clear in a few days. you come day after tomorrow this time. I will not be here then, as I have to leave for the south tonight taking the group of package tourists. Nevertheless, who will be here, she will give you the info and the ticket. OK?

Dark Spiritus
Night covers the earthen sphere
  ,,  prods over the cosmosphere

Dense forest. Stark dark. Clear skyscape. Starry night.
Campfire. tourists visit the tribal fest as per the itinerary. 
Suhit was hearing the legend from a tribal camp guard Yobuku? You don’t believe sir, but the bigger trees have spirits or can itself be spirits.
== How do you determine which tree is itself a spirit or which houses spirits?
== That’s very difficult to say. Nevertheless, it is sure that many Africans believe there is a spirit in the tree or the tree has a spirit. Some big trees house more spirits. And in the forest of big trees, are the abode of many spirits as powerful as deities to be worshipped.
== How can you ascertain it? Suhit looking at the big dark trees at night scared yet skeptic. 
== What are you talking about! Every spirit has a voice. Only who can understand the language can hear it. The boat makers and drum makers should realize it. to preserve the voice of the spirit of the trees. Because only the shape of the tree is changed to boats and drums, the spirit remains the same. Otherwise how can the leopards and vipers in Uganda can climb the trees and jump upon the unsuspecting travelers? How can the long roots of the trees trip the walker to entangle and fall down? In Zaire, a man wedded a tree and had children with the tree. The children being gifted with the tree spirit became great herbal practitioners. As medicines are made from trees.
....  Yobuku continued to be more impressive ? Did you know there is a tree in Namibia, which even can kill people to eat, dragging them by its branches into its barks—wherefrom the dying man’s farewell song for his relations was heard. Only a woodpecker can save such a dying man for a fee to unlock him from inside the bark by pecking with its sharp bill. 
Since the ancient times the Africans use to believe in the myth that after death, the spirits continue to exist in the forests. That is why the dense big forests of Africa are the abode of huge spirits. Yobuku firmly insisted.
== In this forest do the tree spirits exist? Suhit scared.
== Of course! That is why this festival is held to save ourselves from the wrath of the spirit gods.   
....  Worship of tribal god. unique rituals. ceremony with song and dance. beating wild drums and instruments. burning meat of hunted beast. foods and sylvan wine dedicated to the gods of forest. All people eagerly watching and waiting for the rituals to end and begin the feast. Suhit cerebrating >>
The people need gods
 as they need to worship something 
 god/s too need devotees to be worshipped 

Foods + sacrifices dedicated to gods
..  It is good luck for people
..  that gods do not eateth or taketh
..  If the gods took
..  the foods and offerings to them
..  would anybody offer them anything?
 
Masaimara vs Serengeti
....  That time Malini Jain and Hemavati Patel, his senior clients came to Suhit for a consultation. But as smoke from fire, the wild drums and loud chorus were reverberating there, nothing was audible, they took him to their tent and offering him to have a drink said —> We’re in a fix, Serengeti or Masaimara —> which of your tour should we opt for our next trip? please advise.
== Have you any time constraint or cost cutting problems? Suhit was to extract the exact query—clearly.
== Our families have no constraints regarding tour costing. Yet regarding time we have. As our kids have schools and college exams and our partners have business modules and tight schedules, for which they couldn’t come this time with us, ladies only. Ms Patel said.
== I’ve already given you the info flyers for those places. You’ll see there, if you have time—it is wise to avail both the tours. Currently if you can visit only between August till October, it’s better to take the tour for Masai Mara only, which is less costly but not less attractive for viewing  the resident wild life games, and the wildebeests crossing over the Mara river full of crocodiles…{Rearly .>> it  is understood you’ll be pleased to see some animals get killed…gushing blood diluting in the river water.}
Moreover, if you have the time to visit between June and November, you can select our Serengeti Safari, great for watching the migrating animals over a larger area in between countries of Kenya and Tanzania, which is more exclusive and compact, due to its locational advantages.
....  However, as of this time, for that you have to select the appropriate spot for tents and camps. hiring private guide and vehicle will be the additional advantage to save time and have more certainty to watch the wild games and their migrations—without passport and visa. Suhit added a professional smile as extra. He added—but you know during the season there is considerable rush in those places. So if you decide to go with us, first talk to your families, fix the date and place, according to their preference. Then book as early as possible. Otherwise, lose your preference to those who will first book the most advantageous places and spots. {Rearly >> Hurry! Fill Our Pockets Quickly. Farsightedly he thought everybody should visit the forests to swell his pockets, before the forests get vanished in the pressure of human ‘civilization’ someday.}

Rising Africana
....  Leila McDonald, one of Suhit’s tour managers in Johannesburg and Cape town, was absenting for months after the end of her pregnancy leave, without resignation or notice to their office. So Suhit himself had to take the tourists to their various continental tour programs in Africa in her place, until further replacements done. He got feedback from a colleague about Leila, a repenting African Soweto mother in Zola, was then released on bail. Her boyfriend Leonard 26, complained to the police about her derelict of leaving their 4 month baby in home alone, and she was found soaked in alcohol in the local bar Mermaid. 28-year-old Leila admitted her negligence to their child. 
== Why you neglected your baby? Interrogated the judge.
== I did not want child now. Leo wanted so the baby was born. Now I have turned fat after the childbirth. Leo does not love me anymore. He goes for other slimmer women. Therefore, I want to forget now everything being addicted to hard drinks. I'm sorry. I won't neglect the baby again.
....  Suhit thought of enquiring himself for Leila, when in Johannesburg. But later changed his decision as it’s not desirable to enquire at anybody’s or Leila’s home, though she lived nearby the office—on the street where both the luminaries, the symbols of Africana—Rev Desmond Tutu and Nelson Mandela once had lived. This area once was the hotbed of the blacktivist’s rising Africana, harbouring the movement against apartheid >> as voiced  in the song >> 
“Senzeni na?
(what we have done) 
Sono sethu, ubumyama?
(we are black that’s our sin) 
Sono sethu yinyaniso?
(the truth is our sin) 
Sibulawayo?
(they kill us) 
Mayibuye i Africa
(let Africa return)” 
[Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes]



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.18.63
Chapter 63: Gender Bender


Saharan Predators
....  In BangaSudha while Omni Pundit was wondering rubbing his unruly hair with one hand, and biting his pizza guzzling his fizz, puzzling his fizza; that time in a town in the Saharan oasis in Morocco, his buff and another Bagasudha patrician Suhit was touring with his package tourist party. A postdoctoral researcher named Ishmael, was there for finding out the bones of some of the oldest dinosaurs from this part of the Sahara desert. Ishmael told Suhit, knowing he came from India, that he is a friend with a professor there named Omni Pundit. When he knew that Suhit was also a friend of Omni Pundit, they were pleased to be friend’s friend. Sitting in a café in Casablanca with Suhit’s batch of tourists for lunch, he saw suddenly Ishmael was almost running after a nomad sporting a long moustache—who was leaving the café hurriedly. After more than half an hour, Ishmael returned to his seat in the café with a broad smile on his face.
== What’s up? Who’s that guy? What made you run? Inquisitive Suhit asked him.
== Him I was looking for the past one year. needing so badly and madly. he had no address. no name known. he’s a nomad. traceless. he didn’t want to be identified. He gave me several years ago a bone of an ancient animal in Morocco, in the Western Sahara desert.
....  Then nearly a year back in Geneva, at a meet I was shown a bone of a big animal, which was similar to the same bone—the Nomad had given me. Later on examination, it was proved the bone was of the same animal, the kind of which was never found before. Therefore, to retrieve the full set of bones, it was urgent for me to meet the Nomad again. who had no whereabouts. no name known. I only remembered he had a long moustache. We were beating the bush everywhere in the region in search of him for the past 1 year. However, detraced. Now quite unexpectedly I saw the same type of mustache here today. So you saw I ran after him, as he was walking away fast. Got him. He could recognize me, though he had met me 5 years back as a student then. He declined to identify himself. Nevertheless, promised me to take us to that spot of Sahara where he had found those bones. Ishmael was ecstatic. 
....  On the same afternoon Suhit had to fly to Amsterdam to lead the tourists to show the colorful vibes of the city including the canal cruise resembling to some extent the cruise on the Chao Praya river in Bangkok. At the Dame Square, he found so many people but that time not any familiar face. On the colorful evening street his feet stumbled by a brass artifact showpiece on road. a woman's breast being twisted by a hand, pip shows, and so many lascivious beautiful young women were eagerly feeding the lust of the craving people by many a novel sexy ways, in the windows. 
....  He premembered the first time he came here, he was curious to know and visited some pleasure hubs. Then with his tourist party, he had to visit here countless times professionally. and soon he got accustomed with the ways. and showed his interested tourist customers the places of sexotic pilgrimage. Even he was habituated with the sextatic climate going on there often with his tourists. and personally known a few women in the trade. for which his own romanticism, rather womanticism about the women to some extent faded out. At the same time he precalled also that most of the skintilating shows that once glamoured the downtown street side hubs, gradually misappeared, giving way to more & more profitable commercial activities as in New York’s Times Square.

Q U I Z => What was the previous name of New York city?

....  Later when Suhit mentioned Dr. Ishmael to Omni Pundit, he wasn’t puzzled >> You’re right. Seeing that report in the media, I called Ishmael to know that the Nomad took them to that place in Sahara, to retrieve some more bones of the same animal. Thought to be a very rare swimmer dinosaur—Spinosaurus, larger than Trex, who probably had waded in the then rivers to catch fish, about 95 millions of years ago in Northern Africa!
In primordial world’s crest 
did they omni-born like algae in water?
There blossomed some miraculous love
when only watchers there were
the leader sun, and trees and shrubs
If any lover in the scene was there
the moon onlooketh the scenerama

May be noting that event the traits 
of the dinosaurs had been swinging
and transforming slowly swimming
for millions of years 
to be graved in ultifatum
under the pile of sand in sudden storm
to finally appear in podium as skeleton
for exhibit in wo/man’s reign
losing its teeth \/\/\/ in its once reigndom

Manimal Lion Clash
....  Taking his tourists Suhit was on a lion safari in Zimbabwe on the streets of a small resort town beside the lake Kariba. They were appalled to see a terrified man was racing. in the evening on the open road. stark naked. no. wearing only a condom! Amused motorists bypassing him. taking him a mad or bad guy. The police intercepted him. Panting, he sat down on the road hiding his face in shame. Yet he was looking backwards repeatedly, in utter horror. Being interrogated, he could at first only say, still vigorously breathing, in scare ? L-I-O-N! chasing me! Killed my girlfriend & chased me!
....  The police gave him wears and then knowing in full from him the reason of his run, seriously concerned. And the national park authority alerted the people to avoid walk through the bushy areas of footpath at night for possible lion attacks. The man led the rangers to the spot where his girlfriend, identified as Mai Desire, was mauled by lion to death, while fulfilling her desire of copulation behind a bush with her boyfriend, which is himself. when she was pawed away by the lion. The remains of another man also found in a nearby bush. The result of the tussle between man and animals. men infiltrating into animals' territory and driving them toward men. Later the rangers hunted down the lion. The people thanked and praised the rangers! However, a sharp critic of Omni Pundit, Suhit was amazed himself that he was cerebrating things like his guru, from the opposite angle also >> It is man who encroached the animal’s jungle land and then men praising him for killing the lion! Later in another event, guards killed a lion and a lioness. to save a frustrated man, who entered their cage opting to be eaten by the lions to end his life in Chile. The shooters there preferred to save the life of a man— more valuable than the lions. Suhit precalled the African proverb <<< Until lions have their historians, tales of the hunt shall always glorify the hunters. 
....  To think of hunting, Suhit recalled Omni Pundit asked him to search the Amur falcons in East and South Africa, some of whom were affixed with light satellite tracking devices on their back—to keep track of them by the Nagaland forest department conservationists. As previously, lakhs of Amur falcons were killed and sold on high prices each year by the Naga, Wokha and Pangti tribe’s anglers of Nagaland, for food. When the birds rested near the large Doyang dam reservoir; on their way to lay eggs in Siberia, Mongolia and North China—from long 22000 km away of their homes in Africa.  However, this was miraculously stopped completely within 1 year. With the sincere concerted effort by the NGO with the Nagaland Government and the Chief Minister who involved the local kids—who made their parents aware not to kill the falcons. In addition, this effort earned the glory of Pangti as the Falcon Capital of the World!

Zulu Fest Bare Breast
....  However, before he could proceed to search for the den  of the Amur falcons, a group of tourists demanded Suhit to have a glimpse of the Zulu Fest. Yet, at the Zulu Fest there was raised the controversy.
....  Why not the participating young women of other communities, bare their breast / then in the fest? Argued several Zulu women, who joined the spring fest in bare breasts as per their tradition.
....  This speakuliar demand by some women to bare the breasts of other women in front of all those participated in the Spring Fest, surely shocked many at a first go. However, it is the part of an age-old tradition in Zululand, as if a breast valley in South Africa, revived by the King years ago! To pledge the commitment of staying chaste before their wedding—the young maidens, who join the Spring Festival, in suitable attires and bare breasts—parade before the King. Nevertheless, the king influenced by some local residents, decided that the Festival to remain open for the maidens of the Indian and Whites and other races to join—to widen the span and scope open. This raised eyebrows to those it might concern in South Africa. 
Some recalled >> Did you know of the movement of women demanding to go topless showing their chest in public, equally like men? and the topless women posing with the tourists>> in Times Square, New York?  
Some added >> Only topless? In many places of the world, some women show off even in the nude on the public places to protest against some issues? In Delhi, a woman opened her tees to show off her breasts on the street protesting against scrapping of bank notes. Years ago some Manipuri women protested in the nude on the street, against the rape and killing of a woman, allegedly by some soldiers, with placards >> RAPE US!  sparked legal wrangle.

Omni Pundit’s Fizza 27
....  You know Punditda, last night a thief broke into our house. the burglar warning rang. So couldn't take any valuable thing—but a calendar. Masuma was relieved.
== The calendar ain’t valuable, Suma? Teased OP.
== Not at all. Abin Das commenting, because what the thief will get from a calendar?
== Why? He will get the most valuable thing—> time of 12 months. OP evaluated.
Lol
== The thief left you untouched? He could have lifted you. Sopan spiced.
== Yes, that often happens against ordinary women—>who are the soft targets. Hita added >> Punditda, you always cite some exciting women who were fabulous. That’s the example of a few very super women like Draupadi who waz an epical character. But in ordinary day-to-day life woman like Draupadi can’t be found today. Hita Haait queried.
....  Omni Pundit listened to her patiently. didn’t respond immediately. he wondered rubbing his messy hair with one hand. bites pizza/ guzzles a fizz  / puzzles his fizza >> Look Hit, may be only 1% people get the chance to be in the heaven, like Draupadi.
== Why all aren’t allowed to enter there? Unman pricked.
== Horribilis! You Macaca Fascicularis—howling hanuman! because if all people like you and Suhit the Shrewmouse—Sorex Carulescens, are allowed to live there, the heaven will turn to hell.
Lol
....  After the laughter diffused, Omni Pundit revealized ? Ok, Hit, let me cite here this time, not any epical character, but just a pair of ordinary women, who opted to live with 1 man out of their own choice as a 3some couple—just as chicly as ménage a trois.
== In France? Or in USA? Roqea Ray asked?
== Horribilis! No madam Ro Ro. here. a young woman named Sabera used to work with Rehana and others in a Murshidabad silk factory. The 2 married young women became good friends sharing each other’s concerns. They decided to live with each other for life. So first, they took divorce from their husbands. Then they make one of their friends— a daily labourer Manik Sheikh, to agree to marry them both—otherwise the 2 women could not live together sans the common husband. Then the 3 were said to be happily living together.
== But Punditda, the example you cited, what’s new about it? Some religion still permits men to have several wives in a patriarchal society. Hit’s hit.
== Horribilis! The new thing is that here the 2 women opted a single man as the husband—claiming to keep their ‘friendship’ intact clearly —when some people doubted them having ‘lesbian’ mentensions rearly, going against the villagers’ and the husband’s mother’s objection. And patriarchal society? You’ll still get the example of matriarchal society in the North East India, especially in Meghalay, as well as in Myanmar and elsewhere in the world. + as a reverse case, sometimes it is found that 1 women also opts for more than 1 man to live with, as a gender bender. OP commented.

Gender Bender
....  Omni Pundit paused, rubbing his gravity-defying hair with one hand. He guzzles a fizz / bites  pizza / bubbles his fizza >> Horribilis! What was I?
== Gender Bender. Chokita reminded.
== Really? Where /let’s hear/ the Gender Bender. Suma.
== Yea. One day 2 young men were scuffling. One of them Goriola 24, stouted >> She’s mine. I’ve been permitted by her parents to live with her now and pay them the bride price later, as and when I will be able to pay. he pushed back Leke, the other contender.
Dragging Goriola’s hands Leke Retorted >> I’m 27. senior to you. been loving Kalika before you came. So my claim to get her is stronger than you. already spent a lot of money for her kids. Before you, I had been permitted by her parents to live with her and pay the bride price later when I’m well placed. 
....  The 2 youths were at Kisauni, a village near Abuja. [Patch => Abuja is located in the central Nigeria, being the newly planned capital city adored with Nigerian Architexture. Replacing the previous capital city Lagos, Abuja was being mostly built in the 1980s. Important landmarks of the city are Zuma Rock, National Mosque, Central Bank, Asu Rock.    Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
....  Goriola and Leke were conflicting between themselves over the woman named Kalika, a widow of 31 years, having 2 kids. When being tipped off Mr. Kalu, the police officer from Abuja came on to investigate. The village Headman Oban welcomed him in Yoruba >> Salaafia ni (how are you)?
Mr. Kalu said >> I’d be happy to reply you — adupe (thank you, I’m fine). But how can I say so? for these 2 crazy guys Leke and Goriola, fighting for the same woman?    Being the headman you know far better than me. As—>
Telling the master monkey
what the forest stores
are just silly stories

The headman smiled and said => You’re right. Just see even in your presence, they refuse to relent each other and continue brawling. 
Mr. Kalu threatened => If you don’t stop immediately, I’ll arrest both of you.
Therefore, they had to stop for the time being, but their fuming blame game accusing each other charged on. 
Goriola growled: 
Sly guys enter as earthworm
exit as snake spitting venom

Leke retorted:
Timid cats may roar
sometimes as a tiger

....  Warning them again, Mr. Kalu gave both of them a patient hearing and wondered how the parents permitted both the youths to live with their same daughter! So he summoned the parents and asked them >> Did you permit them both to live with your same daughter?
== Yes. However, not at the same time. First Leke came and promised to pay the bride price, so we nodded him as we thought he is the only one candidate for our widowed daughter. Said the father Mongo.
== Then came Goriola and insisted for Kalika to live with her. We were extremely worried regarding the future of our widowed daughter, as she’s already 31. We couldn’t even sleep at night thinking of her future alone with the kids.  after her youth gone who will marry her in her later age with two kids? In addition, Goriola also promised to pay bride money, which we will then get from the both the suitors. besides Kalika also getting an alternative option. if any one of them betrays, there’s another. So we agreed that time. we didn’t know they’d fight for her. explained Kalika’s mother Lewa.
....  Meanwhile the local folks thronged there with curiosity sniffing fun. Mr. Kalu getting the advice from the Headman Oban, strictured >> The regular brawl and fight over 1 woman cannot be permitted to continue. It might lead to violence and even murder. A reconciliation must be reached. decide yourself. or move to the court. 
Hear sage advice
to save your ears & visage
from vice

I’m tentatively asking both Leke and Goriola. One of you leave Kalika. The other man will have to give compensation money to him who agrees to leave Kalika as it may be agreed upon. Who will leave? Leke?
== I won’t be able to live without her. I’m the first permitted by her parents and the senior to love her. Therefore, I cannot leave her. Leke reestablished stake over his claim on Kalika.
== I have already made up my mind. I will either live with Kalika or not live without her and suicide.
Oban queried Kalika > So you decide whom to live with between these 2 guys? Name him in front of the Officer.
== I need both the men to be satisfied with their love. One man will not suffice in my case. I love them both. and want to live with them both and cannot afford to lose any of them. Moreover, who will look after the children when I am engaged with any one of them? Therefore, if they agree I want to live with them both. Kalika confessed brazenly. 
{Hita Haait mulled, rearly it’ll be great to cohabit as menage de trois or threesome having 2 men as my sex partners. As I can engage them both as my sex slaves to take on both at the same time or one by one to quench my passions clearly. However, if I admit it in public clearly, I’ll be slandered as a sex pervert. In addition, if I say against it  clearly, I’ll be praised by the same women who might just desire the reverse like me rearly}.
== She must be a pervert desiring to live with 2 men! Hita Haait faked surprise overtly.
Punditda responded rubbing his rebel hair with one hand, guzzling a fizz before delivering his fizza => Live with both! Everybody amazed there like you.
....  Then Leke proposed >> Well, when she will not leave either of us, and both of us cannot live without her, so Goriola and I have to share her as the common wife dividing the time to be spent with her equally between us, if Goriola also agrees.
== Done. as there is no other viable alternative. Thumbs up! Goriola agreed.
== But later you will fight over her and disgrace our community? Raise her children? Will you be able to respect each other?  Or restart kickboxing? Oban skeptic ?
So long one is good at other
the other might be the best
But if one is bad at the other
the other might be the worst

== Don’t worry. when we are agreeing, we’ll respect each other. raise her children. Leke + Goriola committed.
== It is a bizarre agreement! However, later you may deny, and restart fistfighting. Therefore, there must be a written agreement, though not legal. Do you both agree?
For peace there is cost
which is not lost

Mr. Kalu consulting with the local seniors prepared a paper of agreement. 
== Ok, We are signing, is it Ok? Leke? Ok, Goriola?
== Sure Officer, Here we sign, OK? Glad? Both the suitors affirmed the agreement.
== Ok, glad as of now. However, I do not know if later anybody or there will crop up any religious or legal objection. As this is simply bizarre, having no precedence. Heard of polygamy but polyandry not seen, admitted Mr. Kalu.
== If there’s polygamy for the advantage of man, what’s wrong if polyandry is practiced facilitating women, Officer? Quizzed a college educated feminist named Iyabo — a supporter of women’s lib.
== Besides, it is notta right info that there is no precedence. I watched a mega-episode. manybody of you also watched, called Mahabharat. the heroine named Draupadi had 5 husbands. and I can’t have 2 only? Demanded Kalika.
The headman Oban wizened: Yes, I’ve too heard that episodes. In addition, there are precedents of sharing wife in the same family as practiced in some parts of northwestern India. where the number of women has dropped so drastically. due to the abortion of girl child. soon men will be forced to share wives in large scales.
== Abortion of girl child done in the male dominated society where men want boy child to look after the family and property in the old age of the parents. Said Lewa, mother of Kalika.
== That’s half-correct only. The truth is women too often prefer male child for the same reason. otherwise, there won’t have been so many abortion of girl child skewing the female to male gender ratio abysmally lower nowadays, especially in China and India. And male dominated society is mostly a myth. As I’ve seen in different cases, normally in most homes in most cases, the women dominate equally, even more. Even here in this case you demanded bride price. The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world. Concluded Mr. Kalu. 
== Ese (thank you), Mr. Kalu, for coming here and helping them reach an amicable solution. Said  Oban.
== Ese (thank you) Ore mi (my friend), for cooperating with me. Then before going back beaming to Kalika’s mother Lewa, Mr. Kalu wished: Orun n  re lao sun (have a nice sleep).



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.19.64
Chapter 64: Dreadend Desert Dust


Middle East Painting
Eternal & returnal brutal battle in the desert
celebrating suicidal gush of blood
Signatures of ancient civilization
rubbled by septic desert destructure
in the emulsion of devilzation
via  horroric evilization
en route to self-immolation
Everybody knows
yet in scare none let others know

Omni Pundit’s Fizza 28
....  Suhit discovered Punditda working out paddling on a roadside fixed cycle in Istanbul for a quick gym. Punditda was delighted to see him unexpectedly from out of the blue but expressed with his patent grin, just the reverse ? Horribilis! ey Shrewmouse,  you’ve surfaced even here to interrupt me! You don’t exercise daily, try workout in the cycle. Then offered him a red date picking up from his pocket, remarking: Arab land means 2 D-s for sure. Desert and date.
Taking the date but having no intension & mentension on cycling, Suhit replied: my work is my work out.
....  After a break, he wanted to know—> Then what’s the mentension of coming to me here now, Sethji? OP skeptic.
== To see you. Suhit chuckled meaningfully.
== Horribilis! Kidding with me? I know very well Suhit Seth, the Shrewmouse  = Sorex Carulescens  doesn’t do anything without purport. You’ve got your business steady Sethji, now what’s my worth to you?
== What you’re talking about Guru, I’ll never forget you’ve given me the much-needed break to stand on my feet! So to see you was my original target. while you’re here for a short while, then I also took the chance to select our agency office in another place here in a tourist hotspot, to be opened by you.
....  OP took Suhit to his fav hangout there in Camlica hill for the fascinating views of the far-flung Istambul city, the Bosporus and heart breathing chat. They got their seat in the open-air café, their table under a tree. The place was buzzing with young people, lovers, and students with their talks, chats, laughter, play and joy. Nearby their side, seats were still empty. So soon, a group of carousers came and asked them >> Mehr hah bah. (Hello). And asked if they can sit?
== Selam. (Hello). Omni Pundit said. Please sit. They took their seat beside him. He asked, Nasilsiniz? (How are you).
== Fine. Are you Indians?
== Yes. {{Now Omni Pundit presumed they would say they knew India as they watched some masala movie stars. Actually, they did so.}} Omni Pundit asked ? Adeniz nedir? (What’s your name) 
== I’m Harika. She’s Jihan, She’s Elvan. She’s Lala. They’re Halil, Galip, and Ozan.  All class mates.
== You? Harika asked Suhit.
== I’m Suhit, a small businessman and he’s Romnis Pundit, a scientist and professor. 
Omni Pundit asked them.? Memnum oldum (Nice to meet you). You’re students, Did you know Prof Safak Pamuk of the Ankara University, a friend of mine?
== We’re in college. So we don’t know. Halil replied.
== Ok. N’aber? (What’s new). OP asked. They couldn’t figure out. So many issues, what to specify?
== Ok, may I ask girls, while Elvan’s head is covered; other girls' heads have no wear?
....  Omni Pundit served the ball roll on such a subject, where debate will never stop.
Now the girls giggled and Evlan explained ? We know that this subject is a world-wide debated issue. However, I personally think that since this is women’s dress, the women should decide what to wear or not to wear, not others. She was inclined but her friends restrained her not to say more. everybody remained tight–lipped. 
....  In the open-air tables beneath the trees in restopub soon more people joined the ongoing brainstorming and soul searching for the reveler young turks. As they began to talk in Turkish only, Omni Pundit’s little store of Turkish speakuliar vocabulary exhausted. While he could understand a very little Turkish, Suhit couldn’t. 
{{{
....  Omni Pundit wondered rubbing his unkempt hair with one hand as usual. As of then he bites pizza / guzzles a fizz—but there without babbling his fizza. Ruminating in his own inchurnation—while their flying discourses splintering into his ears……  
== Our country Turkey has always been entangled into the conflict of other countries as a centre of war zone like now and burdened by huge number of refugees—all claiming to flee being roughened by radicals, Rued Ozan.
== They set sail from our ports to cross over the seas. 
== Crossing the rough Aegean Sea in over-packed small risky dinghies, paying hefty sums to fleecing smugglers,   so many drowned. Lala receptive.
== Yet people thought the life risk worth taking, hoping for a better life in Europe. Reminded Harika.
== The wretched toddler Aylan Kurdy, his mother and sister were just another example of bad luck, which happened so many times to somany people.
== In the past, several mighty and tricky European nations had colonized many countries in Asia, Africa and America and plundered the wealth and resources from there to amass and enrich themselves. Yet nature is the best healer and great equalizer and redeemer. Today peoples of their ex-colonies as well as from the non-colonies migrating to their countries in Europe and they have to pay back the price, which once they had squeezed from those countries! Halil was ironic.
== A large number of refugees migrating to other countries in search of better life evading war, has been a common phenomenon in all ages. Those who were against taking the refugees were skeptic that among the refugees some radicals may sneak into their countries. Jihan recalled. 
== And they also feared on their own economic recession, the influx of so many refugees to their country will crumble their own chance in the skimpy job market. Lala refurbished.
== Ozan interpreted, It is why they argue—
Those who create refugees
can they claim the status of refugees?

== Still, you see most of the peoples largely accepted and welcomed the refugees. The act of kindness of countless unsung peoples in several countries on the hapless millions of refugees to let them live and prosper in peace— what more than the paradise in the earth could it be — than by the kind deeds of these good Samaritan peoples? Jihan asked. Why not highlight the good Samaritans, who helped the refugees, instead of the behaders, seizing the headlines? Just imagine we are =>
Not yet directly hit
but if your home bombed or hounded
If you’re to flee leaving all for life
with a child in your arms
Will there be any desert
you’ll not be desperate to cross?
Will there be any ocean
you won’t try to sail??
Will there be any mountain
you won’t try to climb???
Will there be any wall
you won’t try to surpass????
Will there be any door
you won’t knock for help?????
Will there be any country
you won’t sneak in for refuge??????

      Nadir Habibie, owner of a curio shop in the Grand Bazaar lamenting ?: All these sectarian battles, are not benefiting, but ultimately killing mostly the Muslims in wars. Who are the promoters and prompters of killing are lost, and we the people are the worst sufferers.
It is people who are at the receiving end
for all the misdeeds done by the rulers
or the bigot evilians
posing as kind civilians

== As the legendary boxer, Muhammad Ali punched out hitting the right spot? “…these misguided murderers have perverted people’s views on what Islam really is. I am a Muslim and there is nothing Islamic about killing innocent people in Paris, San Bernardino, or anywhere else in the world. True Muslims know that the ruthless violence of so called Islamic Jihadis goes against the very tenets of our religion.” Ozan recalled:
Because the Quran clearly directs >> “If anyone kills a believer deliberately, his reward shall be eternal Hell.” 4:93.
He further added >> you know very well that—
Allwhere is some spiritual big brother
whom if you cannot see but only sniff
who has been poking his ugly nose
silently on all people’s affair.

== You know whose ugly nose? Omni Pundit quizzed them.
All responded shouting with laughter >> None nose.
== To speak of nose, just imagine a pretty young girl without nose and ears. To look ugly she burned herself nearly 80%. To avoid being resold frequently to ultras as sex slaves—in hostage camps. Having nowhere to go, escaping form the camps, the hapless women were forced either into prostitution or to suicide. It was revealized in an international human rights meet in Geneva by the head of the project in Baden-Wurttemberg, Germany, for over thousands of such wounded, hounded and traumatized refugee women rescued from the middle east for medical treatment and rehabilitation there. He asked >> If we don't help them, who will? Harika informed.
Clap
== Not to speak of the vulnerable women’s rights, could it not be any women of us hostaged and tortured by any other such group of ultras? Now you decide what is heaven and what is hell? Evlan categorical. Pain gripped her voice.
== What are your views Professor Pundit? What’s the situation in India?  Are you a terrorist? Evlan marked. Omni Pundit listened to their roundtable patiently. However, OP couldn’t understand their language fully, so preferred not to comment on their own brainstorming and soul searching. He wondered rubbing his unruly hair with one hand as usual. Here he bites pizza / guzzles a fizz / puzzles his fizza >> 
I’m not a terrorist
I make errors, I’m an errorist

Lol

....  India gave birth to several religions including Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Sikhism. Sometimes there may be some dissentions among the different adherents. Yet being absorbed in the softer soil and humid weather conditions of India, there is rarely any very severe long-standing large-scale tension and enmity among them until now. However, arguments, dissentions and exceptions are natureal in democracy and are always welcome. As =>
Life is always desirable
than death by killing or culling

But here the desert is rude. crude. rough. and tough. So are the situations emanating out of this soil—rude. crude. rough. & tough. Avenge and revengeful retribution. Therefore, mainly, it is your etude to protest and protect your people as well as the believers of other faiths and unbelievers all over the world. and coexist in peace and prosper with all religious and unreligious multiculti people of the pluralite world. Rubbing his frowzy hair with one hand as usual, OP bites pizza / guzzles a fizz / puzzles his fizza: The rest of the world trying to save the peoples from the pogrom, who are suffering, having no fault of their own. As, OP emphatic —>
A bursting bomb cannot differentiate
who is Christian, who is Muslim
who is Hindu, who is Buddhist

== Deserts produced Judaism, Jorastarians, Christianity, and Islam. Nevertheless, as you said, here it has been often warring among themselves since the ancient times to gain ruthless control over areas. Some desert nomad tribes were in the habit of attack loot and kill the merchant’s herd of camels and merchandise. here the dry desert produced diehard warriors aiming at revenge to avenge. Noted Jihan. And the common people?
Like the scared camels
ordinary people hide their faces in sand
in the storms of cruel times

== The radicals, theocrats and dictators are manywhere backed by the army and militia— all of who in fact vie / to get the pie of petrodollars, nukes & biological weapons. Galip rapped. 
Omni Pundit added >> For all these emitted negative signals, many peoples were suffering from phobia of unreal fear and disbelief called Islamophobia, spreading imaginary gossips. As here >>
....  On their Sahara trail, 2 guys long lost their way to Algeria on the desert. Hungry and thirsty, at last from far they saw a place like an oasis where there were date trees and a mosque. One guy named John said to the other guy >> Looook Christian, I’ll pretend, and tell them a Muslim name, or else they won't give us food and water. Accordingly, when they reached the mosque, welcoming them the Imam asked their names. John said his name is Muhammad Nasir. But Christian said his name as Christian.
....  The Imam asked his assistant >> Bring only for Christian, some food and water. And then he added: Well, Muhammad Nasir, as a Muslim you know very well that it is the Ramadan month—so—  
John fell down and broke his crown—
Lol

Omni Pundit concluded: So you see not all is yet hell / If we don't help them, who will? Yes, there is oasis near or far. Still, the sun doesn’t forget to rise every day. Now we have to depart. Good bye friends. Selam to all of you. Omni Pundit byed them.
== Good bye. Harika, Jihan, Evlan, Lala, Halil, Ozan, Galip & all bade farewell to Omni Pundit & Suhit.
....  Just before moving out with Suhit, rubbing his frazzled hair with one hand as usual, Omni Pundit reiterated to stop press: Think over again. as the future rests with the Young Turks like you. If you agree Ok.
If you disagree
Let’s agree to disagree
offer to differ —> to deter or defer
our amity turning into enmity

}}}
      Actually, the above scenario didn’t ever occur. Not only because of language problem, but also because it was not plausible to deliberate there / openly after a bomb scare / having the fear / to be obliterated. But it could occur. Yet as of then Omni Pundit was just reflective there over the surroundings all those probable natureal scenarity. 

Promenade on Ancient Relics 
....  It is an awesome scenery from the Camlica hill. While ferrying on the Bosporus with Suhit he exclaimed how the sunset would have looked from this hill during the days of the Byzantine, Attila, Tamer Lan or Marco Polo!
== Byzantine days? Oh, can you refer me several remarkable not yet very common spots, in the Muslim world, what we can include as the tourist destination?
== Damascus—which like Varanasi or Jerusalem, is one of the oldest city of the world. Place of Bamien Buddha in Afghanistan. the birthplace of Jarathrushtra. Samarkand. Mohenjodaro. Harappa. Khyber Pass. Silk Routes. The island raised on the Arabian sea in earthquake near Pakistan & so many….. 
== Which island near Pakistan, I haven’t heard?
== You haven’t heard so many things that means they don’t exist? Sorex Carulescens! OP censored  him.
== Did I say so? Where’s it? Clueless Suhit cackled.
== It is about 270 miles off Karachi. the mound of mud and stone raised in that 7.7 scale earthquake in Pakistan.  a mound of about 60-70 feet high. That quake brought devastating destructure in Pakistan.
== Suhit grinned. The common people are nice there like everywhere. Yet the tourists at present will not agree to spend money to be roasts / of the hard-core hosts. Rather you mention me the plausible sites without retension.
== Ok, you can showcause the ruins of the hanging gardens of Babylon. the ancient engineering fete in pulling water from the Tigris river thru the desert, to reach the height of all the floors to the top of the garden. was simply unparalleled!
== Any spot in Turkey?
== Why not? Still operative the 5000 year rock salt caves at Cankiri. mined first since about 3000 BC by the mighty Hittites, who once had reigned in Turkey, Syria and Iraq.
== How did they melt?
== Defeat in wars, finally by Ramses II of Egypt.
== So salt still left in stock for mining—even after mining for 5000 years?
== Still left guesstimated 1 billion tons ore to lift up.
== Bah, any other hotspot on your radar?
== Cappadocia not yet included in your tour map? Horribilis! — the natural soft rock caves remodeled by humans to start living as back as by the Hittites during 1800 BC. Then from the 4th  century AD onwards as honeycombed underground hideouts of the Greeks, Persians, Byzantines who frescoed Byzantine art in the cave walls. Early Christians escaping from the Romans' persecution had been holed in tunneling here in the cave town of fairy chimneys, which are wellknown tourist hotspots—awaiting the footfall of His Highness Suhit Sethji.  
== Ok I, the Highness Suhit Seth will footfall there + with our Very Very Insignificant Person Romnis Pundit tomorrow.
== That means? 
== Simple. Thou shalt be going with me thither tomorrow. Thou needst not have to pay.
== Horribilis! Me! Now? Nope. impossible. I’m now going to hear the concert. You may come with me if you like. If not—goodbye. Omni Pundit on quitting mode.
== When I’ve got you, I won’t let lose you. Suhit gripped him by hand.
== Oh, horribilis! Sorex Carulescens, placing you in the tourist company, I thought one of the ghosts has descended from my shoulder. Yet now I seeeth the ghost not freeeth me, but always presseth my throat anywhere.
....  Suhit was cackling brazenly on his words, seeing which Omni Pundit was khepturious. Then his anger subsided. He recalled slowly on monologue >>> Last time a year ago at Delphi in Greece, I was trying to find out a very rare artifact at the Delphi Museum, which I couldn’t find. So being morose, I went to the ruins of the ancient Apollo shrine, which had a motto Gnothi seauton. similar  to ancient Indian sage advice Atmanam biddhi — know thyself.  Where more than two thousand years ago the priestess Pythia used to oracle in ambiguous ainigmata – riddles, as she oracled to the king of Lydia in western Turkey, Croesus, who wanted to know before the god, if he should attack Persia?
== Cross the border and a great empire will fall, was the oracle made by Pythia.
....  Taking it as the fall of Persia, Croesus attacked crossing the border and it was his empire that fell. Taken as a prisoner, hearing his reprehension about her oracle — Pythia’s remorseless answer was ? He should have asked which empire would fall! 
OP continued >>> I was fascinated to recall those historic episodes … when the guard of the heritage site from far signaled me to get down from the protected temple site, while pondering. I went a little up the hill to the ancient Delphi amphitheater on the slopes. I felt to figure out how about 5000 ancient Greek spectators in colorful attires, might have enjoyed cheered, roared, jeered, or clapped an event of theater, poetry reading, or musical soiree on different occasions— sitting on one of the same 35 rows of Parnassus limestone gallery seats, built in 4th century BC!  Horribilis! Then abruptly you the Equus Africanus, appeared from Africa enquiring the guard, out of nowhere cackling just like now: Punditda,  I’ve come! Let’s go! Equus Africanus! Now again you’ve surfaced here from Africa to spoil my works! No, I’ve so many works here to do in a short time. I won’t go anywhere  now. Nope.
== What work you have here? You’ll do that after we come back here in 2 days. Unphazed, Suhit was cackling like those days in BangaSudha, making Punditda furicious.
== Horribilis! I’ve to get the info of Piri Reis map. Do you understand? Equus Africanus! [Patch => On gazelle skin published in the 16th century— probably taketh its tips from the ancient maps as back as 300 BC— the map wast found in the Imperial Library of Constantinople. Source: Wanderer’s Worddrobes.] I’ll have to make out how the nearly correct map that time was made using what ancient knowledge! Were the aliens behind it? If not found here, next in the Alexandria Library, burnt long ago, but newly built as you see. being there, Punditda was grumbling.
== Before coming here, I was waiting for you in Alexandria. Our office is located on the shore of the Mediterranean, just near to the newly made Library. From the balcony of my office on the street beside the Mediterranean, it looks so beautiful. But you didn’t come. Next time whenever you come to Alexandria, I shalt be thither in your service. Now thou art in my service. After the concert. we dine in a restaurant. Next morning you’re accompanying me to Cankiri salt mines + Cappadocia. He hailed a taxi to the concert hall and bundled Punditda in it.
....  Protesting, muttering and upset in vain in the taxi, Omni Pundit was mulling had he been lived there that time, probably could he ask the priestess Pythia of Delphi an oracle as to >> when these irritating Equus Africanus would release their grip on me? But the mention of Alexandria brought him the image of the king Alexander, talking to the poor yet firm and ungreedy iconic philosopher—Diogenes the Cynic, especially now when the mean, greedy, so called intellectuals, rather meantellectuals, greasing the feet of the influential rulers, to get wealth, land, power, awards, rewards and grants. 
== Look, Suhit, I’m too elated that you’ll pay for me, as I love the things, which other people pay for me, like the ancient ungreedy Greek philosopher Diogenes had liked wines that other people paid for him. It was he who had the courage to reply the king Alexander, who came to him to enquire, if he needs anything from the king? He replied >> Yes, if you let the sunrays fall on me, which you’re guarding right now!
Therefore, don’t guard the sunlight like Alexander did, while I’m sunning like Diogenes. Because the things I’ve to do for which I’m here, is like the sunlight to me.
== I couldn’t get what you’re talking about, cackling Suhit confessed.
== How can you get me, since you are Equus Africanus  — an ass!



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E


3.20.65
Chapter 65: Freewheeling Eurotica


Otzi the Alpine Archer
== Did you know what Jitka was telling me before you came to join us? Dasha told Lori laughingly.
== What? Lori clueless.
== Jitka’s mother rebuked her ? Don’t you have any shame being a young girl you’re keeping the door open in the bathroom while bathing? 
Gurgling over it, Jitka’s sexcuse >> What can be done if any peeping tom peeps thru the keyhole of the door? 
Lol

....  After their laughing receded Lori argued, resting her handbag and sitting comfortably ? But there’s none to peep in your home in Prague—you and mom.
== There’s none. But everywhere there’s peeping tom. Jitka explained.
== Just as?
== Oh, that day I went to swim in a lake swimming pool. While changing dress in the closed room, I felt somebody was peeping thru the keywhole avoiding the camera angle. After I changed to swim suit and going up the pool, the guard came to notify me >> Swimming in this lake has been temporarily suspended.
== Why did you not let me know that before changing my dress? And you were peeping thru the keyhole when I was changing, I protested angrily.
== Because, there is restriction in swimming in this lake. But there’s no restriction for changing dress and for seeing it. The guard responded brazenly!
Lol
== Lori, did you you know, 1 day while I saw coming back from the seashore Jitka was loitering in our room in bikini, so I said her change the dress here, as there were students nearby. And you know shameness is the women’s ornament. And her reply was >>You’re ashamed to look at me in this dress? So let me remove my bikini. Jitka thrown her bikini and said >> Now you don’t need to be ashamed to look at me naked, as I wear no bikini. But now I’m ashamed to look at you wearing so many wears. So give up your wears like me. Then she tried to disrobe me naked like her! I was aghast to run away! 
Lol
Nevertheless, Dasha continued >> A few days back at Jitka’s new office I saw her current Boss--very smartly dressed and good looking!
== And prompt too. But you haven’t seen, he looks far better when undressed!
Lol

(*!*) (*j*) (*t*)  3 girl gang decided to spend their holidays outside of the varsities. When Bollori from her University @ Cologne came to meet up her friends Jitka and Dasha— the alumni of Heidelberg university. However, they didn’t want to travel in any prefixed route chart that might kill the adventurous uncertainty. They would fix their journey instantly ? where the road would lead them. So 1 time the trio was seen to hangout in the Austrian city of Innsbruck, which together with Bolzano is called the capital of Alps. 
== My Partner just like a nutritious fruititious fruit or cucumber. cool. calm. sincere. weak. and ever ready to be munched. Observed Jitka, a Chez from Prague, and a friend of Bollori. 
== Wow cool! An ideal partner. Nowadays sincerity is a thing of museum in boyz. 
Where there is strength, hides weakness
Where there is weakness, rides strength

Dasha, her other friend, a Ukrainian from Odessa, remarked.
== But I dream to have a baby with a hot, hunting, non-vegetarian virile primitive hunk! Giggled Jitka.
== Then try to have a designer hubby with a designer dick that is everready and steady that never says NO. Dasha crispy.
....  Jitka only chortled, but did not revealize that apart from coloring her vagina, she had already done an operation in Paris => to make her vagina look mesmerizing, where the inner lips are trimmed out and the viewer sees only a cute slit in that place, and which goes never tired never dry, even in old age. in fact she clandestinely hoped that one day soon her current hubby should die in a car accident or something like that, so that she can have a carefree sex life with different handsome and virile heartistic partner guys like hearty intoxicating wine ? who can satisfy her lust! As she thought >>
Relation of regular wife-husband
to many is needed like daily bread
With significant arty hearty partner
elation is as tipsy drug or wine heartner!

....  In fact Jitka has been cheating her husband by surreptitious sextravaganza with other guys for more than a year…. {In a magazine of cheating wives, writing in nom de plume Holla, her confession was >>>
....  I am a socalled infidel woman. Nevertheless, I think about half of the men and women, who are in relationship, are infidels. So, why should I be fidel to a man who cares for his mother more than his partner? I am not at all ashamed for my extra-marital covertures with other guyz. I do not regret it. Rather I wanna share and hear the confessions—with other like-minded cheaters like me. Who contact me. These little known and even not known men present me cards. flowers. chocolates. wishes on my birthday or on my illness. They care for me when they chance to drink and dance with me. or at the dinner. while seeing a movie with any of them. They care for me and treat me great—at least better than a robot, a book, or just an office project. Above all, I enjoy and feel back the bodily fire and spark in them while smooching, cuddling, snuggling and sexing—that  I have to unjoy in my hubby—who I’ve doubt that—if he knows there’s a certain level of satisfaction to reach for a woman’s orgasm. He is just like a habit and a necessary item to me like a pen, a toilet paper, or may be just a social label— as father for our future kids. Tho, I won’t leave my husband at this moment— until & unless he discovers all my sexplicit affairs with other men—where I’ve really seen joy and enjoy to seenjoy…}
....  Bollori observed >> Well, this craving in women regarding virile man is quite logical, as it is biological. In our country during springtime a night fest called Siva Ratri, is held, where women worship phallus shaped Sivalinga and pour milk & liquids on it, praying for a virile husband. 
[Patch => Worship of phallus as a symbol was practiced in ancient times in different places worldwide. In Greece the worship of phallus-shaped phallos (< Sanskrit – Phalles) used to be held in the dark black moon—as it has been held in Shiva Ratri in India.  Yearly Phallus Fest in Kawasaki Japan is in spring. Revelers carry big fake replica phalluses of full-grown phalluses as symbol of virility and fertility. Even grannies, women and children suck penis shaped lollipops and take photograph with phallus shaped sculptures on that occasion… Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.] 
== Then Jitka, also you can visit Japan to take part in such Phallus Fest. Joining there after you will say in Japanese >> Kohnah ni keeray na to-ko-ro wa hahjeemehteh meetah. Dasha pranked.
== Crazy! What does it mean?
== I’ve never seen a place so beautiful before.
== These places are far off from here. In the Parc Mauresque of the seaside small town Arcachon, in Southern France, you can find the statue of the Greek mythology Heracles, or Hercules. He killed the devil lion. and the king was pleased to reward him to spend the night with her 50 daughters, whom he made pregnant overnight. Such was his womantic virility. Now the lion skin at his backside is viewed symbolically as the French victory over the Nazis. When it was being built in the late forties of the past century, the sculptor Claude Bouscau, had to reduce the size of Heracles’ phallus several times, as some women that time found it to be too massive. However, in recent years, the phallus has been kept being nixed too often. Therefore, the residents have decided to fit it with removable penis, during the ceremony time only. So Jitka, You can’t get it whenever you’re hornY! Spiced Dasha.
== That place also a bit far, Jitka dumped them. Rather I’ll show you 2 places, I had already visited in my college days.
....  Accordingly, from Austria coming to Bolzano, they hired bikes and proceeded toward Piazza del Nettuno, or the fountain of Nepune. [Patch => The Fountain of Neptune or Il Gigante, is a bronze statue weighing 2200 kg & about 4 meters tall of the sea-god, created by the Flemish sculptor Giambologna in collaboration with architect Tommaso Laureti, finished in 1566. At the feet of the seagod remaineth the 4 angels representing 4 continents are the Ganga, Danube, Nile and Amazon. The 4 sexy sea nymphs squeezeth water out of their breasts. The church preventeth Giambologna from making Neptune’s genitals even bigger. But having made the highly symmetrical manly statue to be seen from all angles, the sculptor placeth the god’s outstretched left thumb in such a manner that from a particular angle it seemeth like a raised dick sticked out of his lower abdomen. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.] 
....  Then Jitka took them to the museum housing Otzi, the iceman. [Patch => The frozen mummified body of an Alpine archer was discovered by hikers in the Italian Otzal Alps glacier at 10,530 ft. in his murder scene, at the border between Italy and Austria— The melting ice in the last lap of the 20th century in the glacier, revealized his corpse 5000 years after his murder, shot with arrows by assassins. Nicknamed as Otzi. his age guesstimated about 45. his body and artifacts were taken to an Institute of Medicine in Innsbruck, for scientific & archeological investigations. and ultimately rested at the South Tyrol Museum of Archaeology in Bolzano, Italy. As Otzi’s body, well preserved by the nature in ice, enabled the researchers to find invaluable insight into the life and environs of humans in the copper age.  Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
....  After that, the trio was resting in the authentic Irish Pub outside Ireland, on Piazza Domenicani. Large Beer Garden on the Square. while sipping over pints of the "Blackstuff". watching Live Music and Karaoke, Jitka was jovially specific >> Don’t banter the gods. not useable by ordinary women. I want real man only. 
== Then, while in Bolzano, you bed with the 5300-year-old archer hunk Otzi. Lori advised. 
== Stop talking about Otzi! he might curse us. or just shoot an arrow from his bow D ==> I don't wanna die now in my youth. Jitka giggling.
....  Lori pondered, yes if Otzi would live now, he would have been enraged, to curse us ? how dare you name me Otzi! after more than 5300 years!!  flying fun of me? 
Not bothering to mull about the then situ
not asking how the sky was there that day?
not about sunlight, grasses, mountains, greenery
or the ice caps that day on the Alps ^^^

Not asking who why and how
they murdered me shooting the arrow  <=={)
How the blood was oozing out of me
to reach me rapidly to end my life!

== Why will he curse you? Rather he will hug you dearly and drag you to his ice bed in the glacier. Both of you will only to be awakened from the loving ice bed after 5 thousand years! Jested Dasha.
Lol

== Dasha, you’re kidding, as you’re icecold girl. So you’re unserious about me, Jitka found her dampened. 
Dasha paused for a while to muse and said slowly >> May be, you’re to some extent right—I’m a bit cold. May be it is for that I’ve no father.
== Why? Had he died before your birth?
== No. I was just an in vitro fertilized baby, born at a London clinic. My mother said just she opted for the sperm of a tall blond man with blue eyes. That's probably why I am blue eyed and blonde. Last year I went to the London clinic to enquire about the donor. They have the record. Nevertheless, they said before me 21 such IVF children fathered by him had come here to enquire about his name and whereabouts— that cannot be divulged as that might lead to legal complications. Only this much I could know that he was a Swedish and still living. However, one day I will trace him out in Sweden.
....  Jitka and Lori, a bit embarrassed, as they’ve joked with this fatherless girl so many times unknowingly.
....  However, changing her mood, again becoming jovial, Dasha continued >> I've heard of a sperm donor who fathered 98 children, has come out now in the open to declare that from now he will also directly help the willing women to conceive in the natural process by sharing bed with them for free. His success rate he claims is 80%. Jitka, you wanted baby, tap him. So that I can have a nephew or niece by you. Dasha spiced.
Lol

Diverse Destinations
== Now we’ll be back to our place Heidelberg. We’ll show you our dens there. Jitka told Lori. We can try a car lift on road.
....  Accordingly, they waved hands on the road to get a lift. The weather was inhospitable that day. So fewer cars on the road. None would go to Heidelberg that time.
== Einen Augenblick, bitte! (Please wait a moment) << On their request one man would go to Heidelberg, but only after dropping some goods needed by his wife at his village home, on the Necker river basin. Therefore, they are to stop over and wait there at least for an hour at his place, if they want to go in his car. After which he will start for his office in Heidelberg, then again to Stuttgart. Or else  if they can’t wait, at least for an hour —he might drop them where they want just before the diversion road to their village—where they might wait for getting another car lift.  Considering the rough weather, they agreed to go to his village & wait.
....  The driver Rene’s home was up on a hill. Reaching home the weather worsened with chill feel. snowing. So Rene’s wife asked the girls that they might stay in a room and wait for the morning. They mulled let’s experience this country life so rare / now here and there. They eased and relaxed in the warm room. It was evening. Rene’s wife Helga provided them Abendessen meal with bread, soup, cheese, deli meat, sausage, salad and a pint of Jägermeister wine each. With a simple smile she wished them: Guten appetit! (Bon appetit)
....  The next morning. cocks crow. sunny. calm hilly charm. green village. scenetastic serene tranquility. From bed through window, they watched the couple. non-complaining. non-competing. compatible. complying husband and wife. easy going. as if not of this time. of the little retro time. As a Driver, Rene has to stay out of his home on official duty on all the weekdays even on some of the holidays. However, Helga manages home without nagging. when in home Rene helps his wife’s domestic chores. Their water pump gone out of order suddenly. they watched Helga asking Rene, which sounded musical to their ears:
  — Oh dear, said Helga, fetch me water, fetch me water.
  — From where shall I fetch, Helga, from where?
  — From the spring, from the spring, oh dear.
  — Oh dear, how shall I fetch, shall I fetch?
  — With the bucket, with the bucket, oh dear.
  — There’s a hole in the bucket, in the bucket, oh dear.
  — Repair the bucket, the bucket, oh dear.  
  — How shall I repair, shall I repair, oh dear?
  — With the fixing gum, fixing gum, oh dear.
  — Where shall I get fixing gum, the gum, oh dear?
  — From the shop, from the shop, oh dear.
  — How shall I buy from shop, the shop, oh dear?
  — With the money, with the money, oh dear.
  — Where shall I get the money, get money, oh dear?
  — From your pocket, your pocket, oh dear. 
  — Which pocket, which pocket, oh dear?
  — In your shirt, in your shirt, oh dear.
  — Where’s my shirt, my shirt, oh dear?
  — The shirt’s there to wash, to wash, oh dear.
  — How shall I wash, I wash, oh dear.
  — With water, with water, oh dear.
  — Where shall I get water, get water, oh dear?
  — In the spring, in the spring, oh dear.
  — Helga, how shall I fetch? How shall I fetch?
  — With bucket, with the bucket, Rene my dear…
....  Reaching Heidelberg, their itinerary included visiting Jitka and Dasha’s hangouts in the Aldstadt (old town). walking on the olden cobblestoned streets. ancient Heidelberg University. They showed her the Castle or Schloss, as old as the city, nestled in the hill 300 ft. above the city, was started to build in 1300 AD. Twice burnt during wars with France and once by lightning strike. Dasha jovially acted >> 1 day I’ll get married in the Schloss, and looking over from there on this city, the Neckar River and the valley fading far away into the Rhine plain as our witness, I’ll say >> My beloved, Ich  liebe dich (I love you), till the death doth us part. I’ll swear, yes— ‘I do’.
Lol
== Oh, how romantic! Lori exclaimed!
== You call it romance today, in wedding? Foo! Jitka challenged.
== Then how do you think it is?
== Todays proper romance is promance. If to live here, I’d be in German spatown Baden Baden. Jitka’s set wish.
== Why, what’s your addiction there?
To live without diction & addiction
is badiction

== There’s a fantastic bathhouse, where being stark nude, the coed bathers have the propertunity to ogle one another, being back to the nature, dumping all the age-old reservations and inhibitions. I’ve taken there thermal bath and massage only once, where I was ogled by many and I also ogled many nude cute young men—oh, how promantic!
Lol

== You’ve mannatic addiction on man I see. Dasha.
2 drives spur humaniac action
Clear & Rear
Clear drives are seen & shown
Rear drives are unseen & unshown

All people who go there because they like it, though some of them are ashamed to confess. But they show their clear purpose as destressing, refreshing and detoxing their body and mind. while their rear purpose may be to see, other’s bare body and show their own bare bodies to others. yet they hide their likings, attaching social inhibitions and stigmas to remain themselves yogi— that I don’t, so I get the blame. As—>
People eat more fishes all the same
Yet only shark gets the blame

Jitka rebuffed.
....  Lori premembered the couplet Romda used to show the difference between yesterday & today’s love is true here >> 
Hitherto love was romantic sticky exotic live burnwire
Today love is hive of nonsticky sexotic live funware

....  But this time they had no time to visit either the Schloss, or the Tun, the “World’s Largest Wine Barrel”, as referred to by Romda. about which she swallowed her smile—remembering his words >> It could be an ideal place for storing barrels of Bangasudha — the Bangla raw wine there, in the ancient cellar on the mountain in Heidelberg!
....  Nevertheless, as Romda had liked, Lori with her buddies, headed from the Old Town, towards the Neckar River. crossed the Alte Brücke (Old Bridge). strolled happily on the Philosophenweg or the Philosopher’s way. where the philosophers and poets walked and enjoyed the lovely solitude of this path along with the great views of the old town, Necker river and the Castle—which might have profound influence on their writings like that of the poets Friedrich Hölderlin and Joseph von Eichendorff.
== Oh, this solitude and beauty will make us philosophers too! So better have our lunch and and leave for Cologne, we may be late. Lori presumed.
....  Cut to after lunch in the chic Necker restaurant, their taking of train to cologne >> to Bollori’s place. >> experiencing nightlife in Cologne. Dining and dancing with Lori’s friends and the local strangers at the Flirt restobar. having a dash of the classical kohl beer.
....  Next day. Breakfast. Lori attending her immediate pending works and reviewing some of the research study material and works there. She guiding Dasha and Jitka to show the over half a millennium old Cologne University. + the remaining old part of the 2000 year city. + the Rhine riverfront. + the gigantic cathedral partially damaged by shelling in the WW 2 and repaired. Lunchbreak in Bonn + the Beethoven house. Repeat dine and dance at her fav den Flirt bar at night. Next day destination proposed was Paris. thru a little off the beaten track. They upped their thumbs. 
....  Accordingly, they were on the road. waving hands to stop the cars. some cars sped away. some won't go now toward France. 1 car stopped. The woman beside the driver asked: Where do u wanna head to?
== Paris? Where are u going?
== We'll go home at Vosges mountain on the Alsace —  France. nearest city Strasbourg. 
== Strasbourg? Wonderful. Hearing it, I’m getting tipsy. Funtastic! From Strasbourg, we'll leave for Paris. Jitka exclaimed.
They got up in the car.
== Hikers? In your age we did that plenty. said the driver. 
== In our age? But you both look like our age. Jitka. 
== Thanks for the compliment, the driving guy smiled charmingly at them. That's due to the nice climate of the place we live.
== But what are you doing at the countryside? Jitka.
== That's our home vineyard and farm of winery. 
....  Then they were engaged in exchanging information and stories of their life and goals and aspirations and tit bits. Lunch break at a wayside restaurant. The Wife and Husband introduced to them as Adele and Beals, to have the lunch with the trio, who hosted. The wine, which they toasted to the couple. who suggested the local wine specialty shots, which was their USP. After lunch Beals feeling sleepy. Therefore, Adele took to the steering. The road around the hill  turned cloudy. the sky deep grey. then bluish. then sunny. chiaroscuros of nature. a bit foggy. 
....  Before the daylight faded into dusk, the car crossed over the German border at Kehl and entered Strasbourg. Adele said to them >> You can get down here in the town. Or, if you like to see our winery and vineyard at the foothills of the Vosges mountains, you may come with us. If you like, you may stay there at the B&B (Bread + Breakfast) accommodation in our vineyard and have a taste of our produce Alsace wine. But now we’re in a hurry. We’ll have to reach there before the evening. Because we have our naughty kids waiting there. what mischief they’re doing? 
Dasha, Lori and Jitka noticed the usual mother’s agony and affection in Adele for her children.
....  They opted to have a look at their vineyard on the hillside. They reached their vineyards at the foothill of Vosges mountains,  as their kids ran out to them, who were playing and cycling around there with other kids in the absence of their parents. They wanted to show the guests their playhouse and the vineyard. However, night was falling. 
Beals suggested to them => Hurry to the village restaurant. Otherwise, your choicest food and drinks will exhaust. Nowadays often so many people coming to see the breweries. After dinner have your rest in the room. Tomorrow you’ll see the vineyard, winery, cellars and hillside surroundings, Ok? Goodnight. 
....  It was already late at the village restaurant for dinner. Food was available but not of their choice.
And drinks? All the little stock at the cellar of the premium vintage Alsace wine vapored a little while ago at the village resto pub. As that day, revelers rushed out from Strasbourg crowded here to taste, have taken away all the bottles. Explained the proud bartender.
Still some aficionado lovebirds were sitting in, splintered here and there in dense positions in the pub, accompanied by fade slow olden Germanic tune in the background. 
....  They were tired of the long journey. they slept very fast. and for so long—that the time for breakfast in the morning was going to be over. The kids showed them first their playhouse. then their house. vineyards. winery. Adele explicated the farming of quality grapes, plucking, brewing, and distillation of wine, labeling and packing, to them to let them have a firsthand impression on the subject. They wanted to buy some of their best brand. About which they had no idea. So Jitka asked Beals in whose eyes, smiles, and aromance she got lost
== Will you please suggest us some premium brand of your product? We’ll like to take away as a memorabilia?
....  {Jitka got hooked to handsome and well-mannered Beals— right from the moment they were lifted by Beals in their car. She mulled, but for her friends and Beals’ wife Adele, she could have managed Beals as her mate to stay with him for a few dreamy steamy days here in mantastic lust. But instead, she’ll have to leave him soon.}
Beals asked: You want new wine or old wine? 
They were at a loss. What to answer?
== You want new wine in a new bottle or old wine in a new bottle? Beals hinted a bit.
....  Now Lori deciphered the joke >> NOTA as you said. We want old wine in an old bottle. Is it that what you mean to say? She asked Dasha and Jitka.
Her buddies now laugh and nod: Yea, old wine in old bottle.  Will you suggest?
Beals layered with his trademark™ smile: Sure. Why not. Before you leave tomorrow, I’ll give you the best of our vintage brand, which you’ll remember this day on the Vosges Mountains.

Franco-German Cocktail
....  After cycling to several villages, forests, the cemetery of the first world war soldiers on the Alsace sector, they reached in the great old historic city of Strasbourg, beside the river Ill. which lies in between the old East Francia— that is today's Germany, and the west Francia—that is today’s France, after the bifurcation of the olden Frankish - Roman empire of Charlemagne. Therefore, the Alsace Lorraine region as well as this city became the centre of the tug of war several times in history succumbing to several wars including the great war. Now in France and French speaking. Nevertheless, its culture and taste is distinctly franco-germanic. Which is etched here—in its language, in its iconic cathedral, Christkindelsmärik,  Palais Rohan, Musée des Beaux Arts. food, drinks & Petite France.
....  Winstub restaurant. furnished in old style wooden chairs tables and furniture. the local Alsacian specialty food they opted were Sauerkraut and Baeckoffe + cheese that goes well with the local Alsace wine, also distinctively reflect Germanic taste.
....  Back to their winery shelter at night. meanwhile the cloudy haze cleared. After dinner, they had open-air mountain breezy chats at the patio over the tasting of wine with Adele and Beals. Moonlight simmering on the glasses of wine. For Jitka everything would be meaningful only if she could be alone with Beals at least for a couple of days here, sans Adele, Lori and Dasha. Dasha knew her weakness for Beals. She whispered to Jitka —
Whom you love
You know
,,  know?
If someone loves you?

....  Besides Jitka, for the others a memorable starry night to remember for long with the fresh green intoxicating Vosges zephyr. Overviewing intricately high cocktail. with the silent ever sighing breath of the soldiers who laid down their invaluable lives on the Alsace Lorraine mountains in the WW1. now having only the remains of their tombstones in the wilderness. with the gentle cool whistling breeze corridoring with the Black Forests. floating in the mist of the valley. with the long ago silenced booming of guns. that once had vibrated in the then silent vineyards and inside the juicy vines ... in the gardens and vintage cellars…  
Vintage Vine Wine

In the vintage cellar
guzzled
all the old & cold vine wine

wwwwwwwwww
wwwwwwwwwww
wwwwwwwwww
wwwwwwww
wwwwww
wwww
ww
w
i
n
e
wine

Only residue
huge undue kisses
and the fading tune



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E


3.21.66
Chapter 66: Bonjour Je Suis Paris


Garland on Girland
....  In the morning from Strasbourg on the road bound for Paris. After walking a while, they came across a big covered truck whose driver, a 45ish stout big woman, who stopped over to them on her own, and said them in English => I'll go to Paris. Come along. Bollori sat beside the driver. Dasha and Jitka next to her. Signing outside an unknown brand with a big image of bottle.
[][][][][]
[][][][][]
[][][][][][]
[][][][][][][]
[][][][][][][][][]
[][][][][][][][][][]
[][][][][][][][][][][]
[][][][][][][][][][][][]
[][][][][][][][][][][][]
[][][][][][][][][][][][]
[][][][][][][][][][][][]
[][][][][][][][][][][][]
[][][][][][][][][][][][]
[][][][][][][][][][][][]
[][][][][][][][][][][][]

....  2 buddies nattering. Bollori checking mailbox in her gadget. + writing notebook with her multi-tasking Penter pen, which can be used as pen to write, phone to talk, brush to paint and capture to beam visuals, that Romda had presented her. After an hour of drive it shown no sign of coming a bit nearer to their destination. So Bollori was checking out the route in details to their destination Paris. Nevertheless, it seemed that her gadget going amazingly erroric and showing wrong info! When the destination was going to more and more distance— toward the opposite direction. Changing roads frequently. So that which country they were going on could not be ascertained. After sometime, the van diverted to a less traveled road. Bollori asked the driver >> why this ally you’ve taken? She was trying to check the location in her gadget repeatedly & skeptically. 
== Just to make a huge shortcut road to Paris and evade the heavily trafficked toll tax roads. The driver replied.
....  After half an hour. Beside a dense forest, the driver got down to say—
== Just going to washroom at the backside of the van. It seemed she talked with someone on phone over there. After five minutes she came back and asked the girls
== You also go to the washroom. As on this road, you’ll get no chance to go to bathroom for long hours. You go using the door behind your seat. After using the washroom, you get down thru the back door and getting down on the road come back here. 
....  So first Dasha went. Five minutes gone. But she didn’t come back. So the driver said looking outside the window.>> She got down on the road and sauntering on the backside road, flexing her legs a bit jammed, due to long time sitting idly. So next you go. She asked Jitka.
Bollori said to her >> Quickly come back with Dasha. Paris is far away. we’ve to reach before the evening. She was writing her notebook with Penter.
....  Yet Jitka also didn’t come back after waiting a few minutes. The driver said >> They must be gossiping there. So you go to washroom and get them back. She asked Bollori, who sniffing something wrong and trying repeatedly to connect Romda, who had asked in case of need just press a panic button in her gadget to connect him directly.  But she failed due to some error. 
....  When, Romda himself watching the footage beamed  by the Penter pen, tracked her thru Brazok and wrote in Bangla to keep it illegible to the driver >> Your driver has deactivated all the communicative systems so your panic call hasn’t reached me. So I’m calling you to see your situation myself. As I knew, a reckless girl like you must be doing some mischief—to fall into some danger on the way. Where are u 3 going?
== From Strasbourg to >> Paris.
== The driver is misleading you on the reverse direction perhaps towards the port of Genoa in Italy—> to sell you off to a notorious women-trafficking gang, who’re to sail you somewhere to the terrorians in the Middle East, as she’s a ganger of the Gang.
== My 2 friends—where did they vanish saying going to bathroom, backside of this truck?
== No bathroom is on the backside They’re lying senseless there smelling—heavily drugged. You refuse to go there. I had told you beforehand after your Brussels mishap to take care of yourself. But you paid no heed. H2SO4, I’m worried about u!
== Don’t worry. I’ve the gadgets  Girland + Cosmirror u gave me. Just watch how your H2SO4 polish the driver!
....  [Patch => Girland = chili + itching powder spray paint ejected from lipstick or eyebrow pencil of girls—to garland  the neck of the gropers + inflict allergy and shun gun—to foil the attack of traffickers or road Romeos + to torch and deactivate them for hours, causing terrible burn + itching. 
Cosmirror => The lowest version of Nirvana. a small raygun in the innocent shape of a women’s cosmetic mirror in their handbag. A highly concentrating tiny mirror panel simply utilizing, pinpointing sunrays and charged by solar rays usable against the Romeo gropers and traffickers to baffle and inactivate them for hours. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
== What happened? You haven’t gone to washroom as I asked? The haughty Driver sought explanation from her.
== Huh, should I go to bathroom as & when you need? I may go later when I need. Emboldened Bollori worsted her raising her hand to junk >> Non, je regarde. 
Abruptly the Driver blurted pointing at her a pistol >> Will you go now? Levez le bras — 
     Bollori faked as if scared. Before rising her arms she found her handbag and got a lipstick to paint her lips as if before going to bathroom, to look at her makeup—to slower the action of the driver + buying some time for herself to stun the driver with a befitting reply. She abruptly opened the cover to turn the little red stick pointing to the Driver’s face pumping out showers of gel. Next moment the woman ejected out splintered down on the road screaming sharply, covering and rubbing her eyes with 2 hands >>> as a sharp shot of concentrated red hot chili and itching powder garlanded her smoking eyes— inflicting itching allergy + burning allover her body vigorously. Bollori picked up the driver’s pistol fallen on the road. then pointing her small cosmetic mirror and pressing its button with a sharp flash of pinpointed needles of solar rays,  stunned the driver to completely flatten her down on the roadside  for several hours—by that time they will have enough scope to escape.
....  Omni Pundit observing her operation on screen satisfied >> Bah, thik korechis! Your Penter pen has beamed thorough footage of the entire happening on the truck to me, which if police interrogates you ever there, you can show them as the proof of your innocence. Now go to the back of the truck masking your nose hurriedly. Rescue your friends fast before you inhale much, not to become senseless. There they must be senseless being drugged. drag them out from there very quick. Don’t divulge anything to anybody about your Girland, Cosmirror and Penter gadgets. 
....  Bollori entered. Dark inside. Put on the light of her gadget. found her chums lying completely senseless. In a hurry, she dragged by their hands one by one out in the open. Nevertheless, a drowsy smell was drugging her slowly.  Outside, a cool breeze soothed them. She threw cold water in her own face and in the faces of Dasha & Jitka and shook them heavily to let them come to regain their senses.
....  In the aftermath, they shortened their trip and hiring a car from a nearby joint, drove straight toward Paris. Near to Paris, they stopped over at a village, as they were hungry. There were restaurants, shops, church, old castles and an ancient Roman time ruins of a amphitheater nearby that village.  At the restaurant they had baguette, salade nicoise, brandade, coq au vin and of course their fav le champagne. 

Je suis Paris, Bonjour!
....  Next day at the Louvre Muse. Art lover or not but many people in the long que. Bollori was eager to see it. Dasha and Jitka were not so eager. Nevertheless, returning to their places, what they will say to their flocks? Coming to Paris, they haven’t visited the Louvre? people might demean them that they aren’t so intellectual enough that they can understand art? So reluctantly, the 2 went and saw the artefacts and paintings being dazed. The 2 couldn’t fathom what’s there in the painting of Mona Lisa? In the crowd having a glance at it, they wondered if she’s really smiling! Yet people speak about the 

Smile of Mona Lisa

Mona Lisa seems to smile
Does she really smile?
Why?

While
people can’t decipher
her enigma! they admire

[?]

[Yet an automated study deciphers
her enigma: 83% happy, 9% vexed
6% afraid, 2% angry]

When people cannot decipher
a thing — they admire

....  So they also admired. However, they were bedazzled seeing the pomp and grandeur of the Versailles palace. Show piece of the Bourbons. Their gorgeous memorabilia. Though, absent is the sound of horse hoofs over the pebbles in the yard of the palace. nearby where now it was swarming émigré hawkers from different countries of Africa and Asia peddling their goods. The windows and balcony of the past. Gone are the hungry people. the queen Mary Antoinette. asking what the people want?
The reply was >> They have no bread to eat.
The queen wondered >> If they don’t have bread, why don’t they eat brioche ! which ultimately culminated in the French revolution. Dasha cited.
But Lori disputed => Yet later it was revealized that probably this saying attributed to the queen falsely. {She premembered, the comments in the Wonderer’s Wordrobes that, it was allegedly the tricks of Jacques Rousseau to sell his book and motivate the people to rise into rebellion. He is said to have confessed it in his memoirs—that the queen was not even then a queen, and only a 13-year-old girl in Austria, when he tactfully made this dialogue attributed in her mouth.}
....  Before going back to Cologne, Romda had asked Lori to meet his artist friend Somidh Som in Paris. But traceless, she heard he visits the bookstore Shakespeare & Co, who first published James Joyce’s Ulysses, and also once had been frequented by James Joyce, Earnest Hemingway, Gertrude Stein etc. luminaries. Not getting Somidh there at the bookstore, Lori did have a lazy easy go beside the Seine. Then to Montmartre. However, in vain. Only there one young Bulgarian painter said she knew Somidh Som. May be he has gone to the south of France, Spain or Holland to do some drawing. 
....  That day she saw some young artists on the bridge of Seine. She had a curiosity how the places over the Seine looked like before the construction of the Eifel tower? Seine is there in some early works by the Masters. Moreover, many important works were scattered all over the museums of the world. Romda himself had been looking for a small piece of work by Renoir on Seine, which was missing for nearly 60 years, lastly he saw, has been resurfaced in Baltimore Art Museum in US. 
....  To supplement the works she found in Louvre, Romda had recommended Lori to see some more works of the Impressionist and Post-Impressionist Masters like Renior, Mamet, Cezanne, Monet, Toulouse-Lautrec, Degas and Van Gogh >> visiting the Musee d’Orsay. her buddies weren’t interested. to see this with her as they were madly on the more pizzazzing shopping spree. Looking at the paintings of the masters, Lori as if turned to the tales and ballads and buzzing words of that period.
The paintings = untold pain
The paintings = tranquil silence
The paintings = drilling menterrogation
....  While watching the paintings of Renoir there somebody in deep voice called her >> What’re u doing here, Bolli!
She was startled to hear that voice who’s calling her here in this foreign land in her nickname, which very few people in this world knew and fewer number of people still living there to call her fondly in this name!
She turned back to see it was Somidhda who was minutely doing a sketch seeing a painting!
== Midhda, you here! where had you been? At Montmartre, 1 artist said probably you’ve gone to somewhere in Holland or… to do painting.
== Oh, only Erin knew where I gone. She must have told you. Yes, after visiting the site where the statue of the artist Rembrandt housed on the banks of the river Amstel at Riekermolen near to the windmill—to draw the North Sea shores in the Netherlands, centering Scheveningen—on which beach once Van Gough had painted. [Patch => A  seaside resort having a long sandy beach. a boulevard. a pier. a lighthouse. and a  nudist beach. A fishing harbor Scheveningen now abuzz with revelers in bikinis. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.] I was in a hurry to cover some more places, to get my sketches done before I leave here.
== I was looking for you so many places here and there.
== Really! I’m lucky then. As now a day nobody looks for me anymore.
== Why do you think so?
If you attract brickbats
maybe your merit tree is blessed
in flowers & fruits

== I’d be happy if it could be so. Yet >>
I’m a sure hunt of apathy
laxity and silence of those
to whom it should concern

== Who said you that? Did you know Shrotadi’s looking for you? Lori was particular.
== Strange! You even know her?
== Not only me. She is a well-known administrative officer nowadays. whose name often flashes in the media. Also, Romda mentions you often. And had remarked you as unfamiliarly gifted artist not yet explored. I’ve a painting by you hanging on my wall taken from Romda. 
== Punditda overrates my ability. An amusing man. 1 day I was painting, when he came to me. Seeing it he questioned me >> Why you drew the man black? Will you blackmail the man?
Lol
== Nevertheless, you’re drawing on the Atlantic shores. But any plan on the Indian shores?
== Yes, previously I had done some works on it at some places on the western Indian Arabian Seacoast of Maharashtra, Karnataka and Gujarat.
== Have done any work on the Bay of Bengal side?
== Not yet. To do my Ocean series I’ll go to my friend Tanbir Rahman's place in Cox’s Bazaar as he called me—then to St Martin’s Islands in Bangladesh.
== After St Martin’s Island, why don’t you go to Biswapur to draw? You’ll meet Shrotadi also there.
== Shrota’s there now?
== You donno? She’s currently posted in her own district.
....  It was a sunny afternoon. while they were walking beside the East Bank of the Seine. Looking at the bright sunlight and warm weather, Lori asked >> Today in this hot harsh sun, why don’t u use any umbrella? Romda sometimes use even a somewhat big odd umbrella. Amusing. you haven't noticed? 
....  Somidh held her >> Ok not amusing, but musing. Punditda might use, but he uses his own umbrella. as he doesn't use umbrella of other influential biggies to access the success like  most people.
He dipped into his mind to let lose himself for a moment to ponder >> Nevertheless, I ain’t Romnis Pundit. I Need No Umbrella. Under the umbrella lives no shaper. there lives no seer. So if I be burnt to ashes or be a wet crow I heed no umbrella. I bid no umbrella. I need no umbrella. As an art lover—
Our attitude toward art in our heart
is our heartitude
that determines our artitude

== In short how do u depicture your artitude?
== It may be—
Inert, neither do I follow any etiquette
in art, nor any artiquette


Bastille Day Rainbow Bay
....  It was quite crowdie over the feisty streets. Somidh was sauntering with Bollori at the quiet cemetery in Montmartre. 
Wo/man is a spark radiated from the sky
The longer it glares brighter on high
it shines to more places & peoples before
lastly resting in the ground atmosphere

....  Here were buried the glitterati of their days like Degas, Dumas, Stendhal, Zola, Gautier, Truffaut, Louise Weber….. These graves, tombs, chapels, centopath some are flowered, some are on the way to eternal oblivion. on the eternal returnal way to grassroots. still they are at peace here with the whispering chiaroscuro of maples, cedars, chestnuts tree leafs… Musing on those golden days of the French literature and art— Somidh’s monologue >> Poet Baudelaire dreamed to go to Kolkata, but returned from midway. While after more than a century— me, a wannabe artist having no pre-plan to come to Paris, came to Paris from Kolkata, and going back soon there. Strange!
....  Soon shrouded colorful Parisian dusk. Weather charming. Bollori strolling with Somidh to his favorite hangout, the Montparnasse café, where once Sartre with Beauvoir used to visit often. Bollori was delighted to discover there the Belgian girl Alicia, who had helped her back in a Brussels station, was a waiter here.
== Alicia! you here! How nice to meet you here again! Thanks for your help that day. it is due to you I could connect with my people back home that time.
== I had done nothing that day. only shown you where you could have get the assistance. However, I'm happy to know that your problem was sorted out. I was really sorry that you were mugged in my city. Did you find out your stolen things?
== No I didn’t. however I got alternative documents and credit cards to get me out of the woods that time.  Lori changed the subject, grinning meaningfully >> Did you find out your friend returned home safely then from the tsunami-battered area? 
== Oh, you knew that! From the message, I got from him that day?
== Yea, Bollori smiled, You got him back?
== Yea, Florian and me—we’re living in nowadays. her face blushing.  eyes twinkling.
== Oh, congrats. so nice to hear.
....  Alicia retuned to the present >> Sorry mademoiselle Bollori, here no Indian cuisine is available. what will u take? 
== I know very little of French food. I'm here not for any particular cuisine but for good cuisine. you suggest.
== But your Artist friend often comes here. He knows. Alicia smiled at Somidh.
Somidh smiled back to her: Hi, yea, please just come back, Alicia, we’re seeing what to order.
....  When they were at the café and after that watching the Russian Ballet at the theatre, Bollori’s 2 friends Jitka and Dasha were having fun while observing the Bastille Day celebrations on the E D Troimphe. Illuminated Eifel tower. Illuminated neighborhood. celebrating everything.  feisty.  crowdie. It seemed all rainbow there.
If you see only
virtue & vice  black & white
how'll you appreciate the rainbow of life
is good or bad outright?

Omni Pundit’s Fizza 29 
....  Omni Pundit was anxious presuming mischief happener Lori might do another gaffe and fall into another trouble, OP was monitoring her often over Brazok. However, when he saw she was with Somidh, he became tension-free to give up the monitoring. 
....  Cut to that time at BangaSudha, on the ongoing adda session, OP inattentively marked Chokita was having chowmin with chopsticks she couldn’t handle properly. However, he was alarmed to mark that the sticks were wooden! With cool eyes he bites pizza / guzzles a fizz  / puzzles his fizza mulling—why not tsunami will lash out repeatedly, if such deforestation goes on? He quivered: Horribilis! Hey Choki, are you aware that your wooden noodle sticks were  made destroying the woods? Did you know previously one time China used 45 billion chopsticks per year? For that 25 million tree-hacks / were there to make the sticks! 
== Really? However, what can be done? They're still serving here this way. You can talk to the manager. Chokita's reply. 
== I'll have to.
....  The waiter Raza then served Abin Das a cuppa tea. Punditda was surprised: Horribilis! Bindas, leaving your preferred brand burgundy / you’re gone yogi / and sipping tea!
== What can be done? Doc has advised me not to guzzle hard drinks until I’m cured. 
== Then why don’t you take coffee? Ro Ro asked.
== If I take coffee, I can’t sleep at night. Bindas said.
== I can’t take coffee when I sleep. Punditda commented rubbing his unkempt hair with one hand to comb with his fingers. 
Lol
== Ok. Taking tea, but did you know who first discovered tea? OP’s quiz. 
== May be somebody in Assam or Darjeeling. 
== Foo! The Chinese first discovered tea. A Chinese emperor in 2737 BC is said to have first tasted the brew, when accidentally some tealeaves blew into a pot of boiling water. OP rectified.
== So you’re a tea-lover. Would you like a tea cuppa then—in my account? Bindas offered. Your Fernando has brewed good tea / you see.
....  OP shivered as if fallen from the Mars in fear: Nando! Horribilis! I don’t take tea here. Nando is a good chef I admit. He prepares Chinese, Mexican, Thai, Latino dishes well. But what Nando knows of tea making? I’ve almost stopped taking tea in cafes nowadays—since leaving Biswapur. Though 2 leaf + a bud + buddies were my fav there.
== Why? It doesn’t taste you anymore? Preya Pathok asked.
== Horribilis! PP, how can it taste well? Do they know how to prepare the variety of teas in the boiling teashops swarming here and there?
== Variety of tea? We know CTC, Oolong, Fannings, Chinese Brick tea, black tea, white tea, Darjeeling, Assam, dust, leaf, green tea, herbal tea, organic tea — these are the varieties, some of which are good for health too. What's new? Bindas clueless, presuming reprimand. 
== Horribilis! Oh, Bindas, you Sorex Caerulescens! what do you know of the very teas of the real varieties? 
== Sorex Caerulescens = shrewmouse? = Me? Bindas laughed with others. Ok, are there many more varieties? 
== Of Course. Barring the delicacy Chinese varieties, and the wide Japanese varieties that generally end with the suffix cha like Matcha, Mecha, Koncha, Kukicha, Kamairicha, Kabusecha, Hojicha, Bancha, Sencha, Shincha, Aracha, Ujicha, Yamecha, Rokucha…which after tasting you’ll say >>.Hontoe ni oheeshee des yo!
== Is it Hebrew? Preya Cluless.
== Horribilis! it’s Japanese. Meaning>> Really it is delicious! However, more articulate and real variety was available @ our theque at Biswapur Tea Circle varie-tea.
== Really? What on earth may be more variety? 
== Horribilis! What more varie-tea? Hear >> Third Degree tea = the same previously prepared tea, which has been rigorously boiled at least 3 time to time to serve different customers, at an interval of different times— resembling the third degree method applied for torturing the prisoners to confess in police custodies.
Lol
== Then?
== Teafee = tea + coffee. 
== Scantea = very miserly made tea, pouring only bikini type scanty tea sugar and milk, like scanty-clothed woman. 
o-o
v
Lol

Tear = Such miserably prepared tea which will bring tear in the customer's eyes.
Lol

Alas, there are such many other varie-tea, not to be found anyhere or any other teahouses swarming manywhere.
....  Then suddenly OP got nostalgic being fogged by the related poems just in association of words, which the Poet had read several times on their request at their hangout Tea Circle at Biswapur.

Your Cuppa Tea

Though
I know
I can't make anybody happy
in life
Know that I know

Still
I have to try
have to have to have to try
And if I can't comply
won't you rectify
to make me your cuppa tea?

OP recalled his another 4 liner which he observed, is rather palpably practical =>

Attachable & Detouchable

Ties up the cup-plate pair
dishing out the liquor & flavour
Then the cup is detached
the plate is detouched



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.22.67
Chapter 67: Tracking Latino Trail


Desert Drawing Syndrome
....  While flying over, down in the ground Omni Pundit was examining with an eagle’s eye if those Nazca Lines were drawn on the airstrips used by the ancient astronauts — as some observers envision! In that case if the desert ground can be a viable landing option for their spacecraft Zer0Ferrier when it comes back to earth after 6 years of run! The pictures of the monkey, humming bird, spider, tree, astronaut and other ancient geoglyph drawings of the Nazca lines scratched between 500 BC to 500 AD in the Nazca Desert ground watched from the skycraft above 1500 ft. that took off from the Pisco airfield— as if all were there waiting to draw his attention from the ancient times! If not the aliens, the enigma is why how & who drew these?
....  OP chose to return to Lima by road thru the sceneramic desert route from Paracas. Before that he had his lunch at a Paracas restaurante at the boulevard bordering the Pacific with Peruvian seafood and Pisca sour diluted with sodhak pill. [Patch => The Paracas peninsula before Christ, was the raising ground of an advanced pre-Incan civilization. Currently countless birds perished there due to starvation impacted by the atmospheric oddity El Nino, getting only 0.1 inches  of rain water annually on the Paracas marine wildlife sanctuary, frequented by turtles, sea lions, flamingos, pelicans, condors, boobies & Humboldt penguins. Source => Wanderer’s Wordrobes.] 
....  In Lima OP was at Mira Flores in the Huaca Pucllana >> the 300-700 AD adobe brick pyramid, still existing due to absence of heavy rain there in the desert city of Lima for centuries. His Brazok alerted him showing the image of Tasha Storm, who was paragliding at nearby El Malecon beach on the Pacific. So from Fort Aleza Real Felipe he hurried to the Pachacamac temple to skirt her chasing him. Tasha was soon seen in the posh Huaca Pucllana restaurant to find him, from where he had already left to a pizza joint, then to slip in a flower show in the nearby Mira Flores Central Park. He recalled he had to trudge to the Atacama desert only a month back to see the vast unparalleled flower show of the nature in the desert, getting the rainfall after several years!  He decided to desert Lima then & there. and leaving the desertsphere / he opted to spot vibrant wildlife otherwhere / where he would stay or stray on the Andean or Amazon junglesphere. He preferred Puerto Maldonado.
Crack the Amazonia Track
....  From the airport he was picked up by the owner Carlos who drove him to his ecofriendly Amazon jungle green Travelodge. just beside the Tambopata river. Swinging in the hammock of the cottage resembled him like his ancestral country house @ Swapanpur. On the ceiling of the cottage, a rehabilitated black monkey gave guest appearance during lunch, yet didn’t jump on the table. On his trips to Monkey Island, the boatman naturist Marcel was feeding the descending monkeys from treetops to take bananas from his sack. but the older monkeys refused to accept—as the guide Omar explained because they are used to the taste of cooked food from their visitors.  On several forest treks, Sandoval Lake and extensive boat trips on the Madre de Dios and Tambopata rivers, he watched yellow squirrel monkeys and black faced cotinga. turtles. herons. eagles. capybaras. Marcel traced with his probing spotlight in hand, the big tree full of white egrets resting in the pitch black night apart from shining-eyed caimans and tarantulas. On a visit to a wild marshy wetland shallow watered lake, he spent 1 afternoon watching parrots and macaws on Aguaje palm trees. anacondas (Eunectes murinus).  kingfishers. and trying to catch the perilous piranha fishes. In Inkaterra Reserva Amazonica, OP ferried a part of the the high tree land like crossing thru a ropeway, balancing footsteps warily over the dense treetops on the canopy trail:
>||||||||||||||||||||||||||>[]<||||||||||||||||||||||||||<

....  From Puerto Maldonado he moved on to Iquitos, taking a less beaten path embarking on a cargo boat to Santa Rosa. The boat was loaded with mostly indigenous passengers and a few gringos (= whites). On the slow boat journey days and nights in the hammock, cruised   very peacefully — being totally severed from the outside world. Apart from idly gazing the usual scenetastic sunrise & sunset and hazeless clear starry nights, jumping pink dolphins from the chugging boat’s deck, he beautilized the leisure days working out the so far knotty problems for their project. had a glimpse and feel of the remote place and that of  the village life of the area, where the boat paused to unload the cargos at small towns and villages on the banks of the Amazon. He wondered though he wished slow pace of life, in fact how fast his time melted in the junglesphere!
....  Yet whatever the borders of countries like Brazil, Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador and Columbia remaining along the mighty Amazon river basin, divided among the countries that time, they were all submerged by overflooding his obsession into a single jungle land of Amazonia, throughout his journey. He was at Santa Rosa-Tabatinga-Leticia, a center on Amazon rainforest in Peru–Brazil–Columbia juncture. On some parts of that borderless Amazonia jungle land, where the rebels were once active back to that time. From the camp he trekked into the jungles to peruse his envisions. The native guide Rico Alberto stewarded OP, got him tasted the edible fruits like acai, buriti, capuacu. made him acquainted with the medicinal herbs. the sounds of different animals. and cautiously guarded him from probable sudden encounter with animals and smugglers in the deep jungles, apart from verminous stinging missile mosquitos and bugs. The combined cacophony of gibberish sounds of birds and beasts coming out of the deep veins and bye veins of the forest. 
....  Abruptly OP gone traceless for several weeks from the outside world with all. Apart from the Andes, here also mingling with the native villagers in search of herbitudes facilitated him to collect some rare medicinal plants & herbs roots and seeds from the forest, for planting at Vudeep, the planet Bigraha and elsewhere in his projects. He was there in the primal  earth  of… flying flocks of Scarlet macaw, howling monkeys prancing nearby boats and shorelines—the pink & grey river dolphins, saddleback tamarin, great turtles, alligators. herons. toucans… 
....  At Tabatinga, just before proceeding to Sao Paolo via Manaus, to visit the art exhibition of his artist friend Marcelo Gil, OP traced Tasha entering there in a suburbia love motel (which that time charged cheaper for a few hours, swarming over there as short time sexual hub), with a guy for having the fun of sextravaganza— instead of practicing celibacy in the absence of Alin. So he had to restructure his route & bid te quida (goodbye) to Marcelo.
....  From Leticia surfacing in the Columbian capital > Bogota > to avert being tracked by Tasha and her network in bigger cities and deserting his desire to try to crack the mysterious El Dorado, he moved on to > Quito with the mentension to visit the Ecuador’s Galapagos’ Darwinian hub of animals. Yet he moved on to > Caracas. Leaving Venezuela he drifted to > Panama City and cruised the Panama canal form > Atlantic to Pacific and returned coast to coast of the short cut route connecting Pacific and Atlantic, reading if the route can be useful for his project.
....  However, feeling unsafe from the meddling eyes, he diverted his route from El Salvador to > Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic. Here at the Caribbean sea resort Barceló, he was resting a few days uninterrupted, very peacefully.  But while nearing to > Santo Domingo, the oldest colonial city in the Americas, where in the site El Faro a Colon (Columbus Lighthouse) > the Haitians believe some of the remains of Christopher Columbus resting, he could sense that somebody was after him. He changed the spot to Alcazar—then to Columbus house. here too followed the mole on to the balcony. OP promptly left for the national park of 3 caves, and holed in a cave. Inside the dark cave, he was cautioned from his Brazok that a large stone block in the steps has been placed false to let him slip from the high into the invisible dark bottom hole from where there is no point of return. He assumed that his unseen assassins want to kill him as if naturally due to his own fault, inadvertently… As he premembered the time when he was cruising on the boat on the Colorado river and hovering in chopper over the Grand Canyon, — at Bryce National Park, down the mountains as if innumerable natural idols, created over millions of years with the erosion of rocks, in the saffron sunlight rested on the chilly late afternoon. In the complete wilderness suddenly chased him a stony saffron colored idol, which was in fact a biobotic device in the skin of a snow lion with a terrifying howl to attack him. He had stunned it silently then by his super gizmo Brazok…
....  At the airport after being screened and all checking over, just before proceeding to boarding, he heard his name was being called incorrectly over the public address system repeatedly. They led him to their security checking room at a fairly long distance. they pretended not to know English and spoke Spanish and poke fun of him. Banking on his speakuliar knowledge of Spanish was terrible, they ransacked his bag and luggage on the pretext of searching for terroric & narcotic activities. Found nothing. To catch the flight at the last moment he was made to sign in 2 blank forms in illegible Spanish. Though he had protested: Por qui (why)? Demanding its translation as per international rules, which they laughed off. they found the super gizmo Brazok and derided as merely an ordinary cheap phone!
....  He was exhausted totally. Sweating profusely. in the aircraft heading for Cancun in Mexico. He wondered he has harmed nobody, yet why they’re targeting him all the time! {Gliding back on his Amazonian obsession ...... Three-toed Sloths watching him from atop the trees… Monk Saki in the jungle flooded by the river… manatees. discovery of glowing eyes Caiman at night... the sudden migrating flocks of white great egrets reflecting over the black glassy lake… }. He was cerebrating if it was viable to export some of these animals to other forests in the world and establish separate reserves importing elephants, rhinos, tigers, lions and other animals in the Amazonia?

Cancun >> Chechen Itza
....  Maya wonder site on seacoast Tulum, also didn’t provide him any trace of previous links with the aliens, which could divulge him insight. He headed to Chechen Itza.
OP at first didn’t notice but before getting up in their bus to Ikil Cenote, Alin was sitting at the rear seat with Tasha Storm in a very intimate position. Both caressing and kissing each other all thru the way. For this, they have chosen the rear seat. He observed their kisstory.
First they eat kiss
before they eat food
Then they eat food only
but do not eat kiss at all
At first it’s eating etc. et al
Then chat cheat fail & fall

From the rear seat, Alin  prequested OP over phone : Guru, please don’t mind us. Give us a chance to —
== Horribilis! I don’t have any interest on you. But why your gf tracking me — this poor VVIP guy — all thru the Latin America? As I had said you, please do not hint her any slightest clue about me. 
== No, no. It might be just a coincidence. Tasha is a good girl. I knew her from San Francisco Chronicle days.
== Ok, it’s good if she’s good.
....  He cerebrated Alin was totally mismerized by the wicked charm of the stunning temptress. As— 
Why apply poison?

If one can kill by honey
why apply poison?

Once the busy tongue tours
each curves & contours of the body
wooing & cooing huge torrid promises
Then the sensual woman vaporizes
from the radar of mind
masking and asking

If one can kill by honey
why apply poison?

Rapt in womantic honeytrap of the temptress
the lovemerged boyo gets slowly flaccid

....  At Ik Kil well OP viewed Tasha in bikini and Alin were diving from the high and swimming in the pool. He with Ken Richards, who joined with him here, were seen filming from the side of the well and drinking tequila with his sodhak filter pill in the Cenote restaurant, and wondering how this pool would have been used, where the Mayans once had bathed!
[Patch => The Mayans considered this beautiful cenote (well) as ‘Sacred Blue Cenote’, which is about 130 feet deep and about 25 feet down from the surface. In the sacred cenotes, to satisfy the rain god, young men and women were thrown in the water to be drowned as sacrifices. Nowadays swimming and snorkeling in crystal-clear water that falls down in the cave pool, with the encircling greenery hanging around and creeping prettily. Source=> Wanderer’s Wordrobes]
Castillo de Kukulcan
....  Mayan Civilization disintegrated around 900 AD. After about six centuries of reigndom in Mexico, Guatemala and Meso America, did they disintegrate due to alien invasion? Wizards wane wonders win. At the Chechen Itza, Ken Richards cautioned him again about prying Tasha. They noticed they were snooped by her surreptitiously on the pretext of taking pix of Chechen Itza. So they were seldom speaking between themselves and that too only in Mayan hieroglyphics and signs— that could not be recorded or decoded by her. They were talking very lowly about the archeological brilliance of the Mayan architects who built it, and how the sunlight lighted the parts of the premises on the equinox times, cleverly manipulated by the rulers as the grace of their almighty god Kukulkan — and how some of the Mayan rulers squeezed the people—like now a days—by taxing, and slaughtered those people who were skeptic to buy their stories, and by eating their fleshes and fixing their skulls over another nearby monument here. Kukulcan! Kukulcan!!
....  As a World's wonder sight, Omni Pundit took the advantage of dissolving himself in the crowd so that nobody could demarcate him separately, to avoid being traced from the above as well as by Tasha. Group after groups of people clapping in front of the monument and the echo reflecting & rebounding. They overheard when a guide explaining the past ball game, a kid shouted: 'twas the first baseball’. The people around laughed.…another guide explaining the Mayan calendar said of the world dooms day on 21st December 2012, another kid challenged: That didn’t happen. Kukulcan! Kukulcan !!
[Patch => 'That didn’t happen'! The worldwide media hyped the Mayan Apocalypse but downplayed the truth about the Maya calendar which really meant that day was the end of the old era and beginning of the new epoch. The Mayan long count calendar on 12th December, 2012 would complete its 5125 years of cycle and return to the same position of the digits as 13  00 00 when it had begun. Source: Wonderer's Wordrobes.]
....  Buying a replica of the Maya calendar from a local artisan, OP said to Richards: Still before that day some people all over the world were afraid if the world ends that day! Some  even took precautionary measures.
== Yea. Somebody in Russia even prepared a bunker; and a man in China manufactured a big ball— for folks to shelter during the apocalypse. assuming mass suicide, the authorities in Argentina closed  the sight,  where UFO was sighted once on the mountain Uritorco. some mothers were reported even to be considering to kill their children fearing they would kill themselves.
For salvation, some people thronged at Mount Rtanj in Serbia, where all hotel rooms were prebooked.
In France, on the hilltop of Pic de Bugarach people expected to `be saved by aliens’ spacecrafts at the last hour.
Yet attention all over the globe focused on the Meso-American jungle city of Tikal, in Guatemala, the centre of the Mayan world, peoplated with ruined ancient lime stoned towers—the centre of which is the temple of the double-headed serpent. built in the 8th century. — known to the movie buffs on aliens — where believers of the apocalypse crowded. — chanting & dancing naked women were thrown into the flames of fire pit before the doomsday.

Kukulkan >> Teotihuacan
....  Nevertheless, OP again hoodwinked Tasha and slipped to Mexico City. He bade adieu to Ken Richards… It was a steep step climb to the top of the Sun pyramid aka Teotihuacan Pyramid. Like seeing the Rapa Nui, and Castillo de Kukulkan, here also he was bewildered to see the mammoth pyramids done before the Aztecs. Who were those people which had built the Teotihuacan, having no clue? He cogitated—wizards wane wonders win.
....  It started sudden weak raining. High winds atop the Sun Pyramid. Thunderstrike. All the visitors quickly dispersed from the pyramid area. Omni Pundit unfolded his Dumbrella = the wonder umbrella to blur him from the probable extraterrestrial attacks atop the Pyramid. Abruptly high strong wind hijacked his Dumbrella. He thought if Chakkar would have been here, he could save the pro umbrella from flying into some undeserving hands, who might decipher the high tech dumbrella and he will be in trouble. so he pressed the Brazok button. And what a pleasant wonder! Within moments Chakkar Chaki appeared flying out of nowhere from the sky and catching the flying dumbrella gave it back to Omni Pundit! OP was very pleased upon Chakkar and gave him the dumbrella to keep.
....  Horribilis! Really you’re a genius, but Hylobates hoolock, what mischief were you doin’ here in Mexico? 
Chakkar cackling just vanished with the dumbrella, saying: Punditda, 1 minute, just coming back to u at the soonest.
....  OP knew well his past traits. He understood that in the past he was here to do some mischief collaborating with the notorious local drug warlords in the secret Mexico-US drug tunnel. OP then had heavily censured and threatened him to send back to his Futchuku bosses to be killed by them. That worked magic. At last Chakkar came to legal ways to make money. He was no more that vicious ex-alien Tikoonza. OP later tracked him playing, and as a stealthy ex-alien, he was winning huge amount of fast bucks on gambling in Las Vegas casinos. Chakkar also donated then huge sums to their project ZS. And as he was very rich by then, he was surrounded by beauties there. As OP watched now Chakkar was enjoying with beauties cradling in a roller coaster like crane in the high sky on the 120 storied rooftop of the luxurious Hemisphere hotel & casino.
....  Descending the pyramid nobody was around OP. all gone back fearing rain. That feeble rain already vapored. He walked out of the area. prodded thru the rough hard barren grounds spread to the horizon touching the sky. not feeling well... all cat & mouse chase... hurricane spell... no respite on the restless long tour... I don't feel well... I'm unwell... everybody's home is illuminated... my mind is dilluminated ...He could feel the song humming inside:
ample ailment in my shoreless heart
hard heartchart  harsh diet
the true remedy truly unfound
still water rocking the cradle of life
....  To rest a while he first sat on the wide open solitary ground—created millions of years ago by streaming red lavas. On his last time visit to Mexico City also, he had to lie on the ground of the floor of the crowdie  airport, after finding out no room in the airport hotel or knocking at the city hotels at deep night, due to the devastating earthquake in Mexico, for which their aircraft could not land there in the first attempt, and had to be bounced to El Salvador.  This time no tree seen around the vast horizon. all tiny grassy shrubs and weeds on the red dry soil has quickly sucked up the drizzle. the frail sun of the winter resuming and disappearing recurrently and peeping thru the cloudy haze. Then lying aground in spite of his risk of being detected from the above, he got time to be face to face with himself and the universe — disabling his usual day-to-day hectic trails appraising his condition:
No one is more wretched
than who has everyone yet no one
has everything yet nothing

....  A tiny thorn stringed his back. He pulled out the tiny thorn of a raw weed. Still a slight stinging sensation in mind. He wondered what stringed his mind? His sensuousness wavered all over rambling back and forth constantly…… He was exhausted & dejected. He took a Bayurbedic pill to pop. Reclined he fell asleep there for quite some time.
....  OP woke up. on opening eyes slowly in the blowing waft. He lay starring under the stark starry sky above. wondering himself stark alone in the morose dark world! Pondering himself as if in the dark suddenly surrounded by the ancient Aztec warriors—who would not allow any intruder like him in their sacred hamlet! He remembered the song of moving eternal times in the...
Aztec Darkness

In the winter sunny vast field
I fell sleeping benumb
Waking up under utter star-studded Aztec sky
I’m stark alone in the somber dark gloom!

....  Yet the star studded dark sky above rewinded him to another such night alone under the stark dark sky… After his school leaving exam in his ancestral village home at Swapanpur. there no electricity then. He was due to escort his younger sister to home from her school, rehearsing for a show there at night. He was waiting for her— at first sitting on the grass, then lying in the school ground. face to face the skyscapic universe. that night did he gaze at these same stars? though then in another hemisphere, back another time... After how many hours, a focus of flash light disrupted his siesta to find his miffed father! Unable to spot him in the dark, his sister had returned home alone hours ago!...
....  OP as if heard from his village the high time hitting on the hanging heavy hand bell disc with hammer at the Swapanpur outpost reaching him reverberating far across the oceans... Dhong... Dhong... Dhong...  Time is up... coming ...I'm coming......He was musing mutely.... 
....  The song tune on Brazok buzzed...

The flowers will bloom

....  Omni Pundit found Lori gleaming on screen: Hi Romda, I've come! {He’s startled seeing the naughty girl dazzling}.
== H2SO4 ! Horribilis! I'm glared. flared. flavoured. favoured. and honoured! But Her Highness, Bolli madam, how cometh in Mexico City, in which errand?
== By air. to go back to Kolkata City. with you. Simple. Grinning Lori answered straightcut.
== Horribilis! No, no. I can't change my program to go with you. You come afterwards when getting ticket.
== I know that you won't wait for me. That’s why you kidded your buddies to leave for the Maya, Inca and Aztec Americas. Nevertheless, you needn't be worried. I've already got the ticket on the same flight and will sit just beside you. Ok? Of course, I will take your window seat and you seat beside me.
== Horribilis! Who passed you all these info about me?
== Is it very hard to get any info from your simpleton crony there Doeldi?
== Horribilis! Oh Doe! hopeless.
== However, don’t blame your Doe for that. She didn't budge at first. Only after I told her that I have a crush on you, she had to relent. Don't blemish her, as you’ve already learnt that at least I ain’t harmful to you. But what about Alin?  He must have leaked some info about you to that paparazzi woman Tasha Storm, who I suspect had some ominous hand behind the breaking of fire in our venue of UniEarth Meet in the hotel. She's always chasing after you.
Omni Pundit was well aware about that, but to divert her attention he tried to support Tasha weakly => No, no. I'm just a Very Very Insignificant Person, a VVIP. Why should paparazzi follow me? They have many important news over to cover. Tasha's a good girl. She won't do such.
== Tasha's good. I'm bad. so you let her sleep with you. Ok? 
== Horribilis! what a menacing girl you're! Foul-mouthed when frowning. Did I say you bad girl? You're so sweet Bolli, you’re H2SO4 like sulfuric acid. Omni Pundit coaxed her wiping out his sweat with one hand.
== Yea, remember that. I'll be seditious + acidous if you don't come quickly here to me. I feel so bad here alone. 
== Where to?
== I've to tell you? Why is Brazok for? trash it.
== Horribilis! I see, it's my hotel’s lobby in Mexico City! You could also know that?
== What hard thing is it? I told them that I'm your girlfriend and they asked me to wait there, as you’re due to return soon. The Mexicans are very friendly people. Come sharp to me here. We'll have dinner. I'm very hungry. If you don't come sharp, I'll go to you out there.
....  OP mulled this giddy girl is quite upright and highhanded. and can do anything and everything desperately. That may create unwarranted problem. Moreover, he has to catch tomorrow morning flight. So to appease her he said => Horribilis! No no I'm coming. You won't be able to find this desolate place at night.
....  Nevertheless, it was very difficult to get any conveyance in that remote place at night. After about 2 hours he reached his hotel lobby, where Bollori was waiting impatiently.
== So late? 
== From there at night I got no transport, no metro— 
...Hearing metro Lori began to laugh wildly —> because today earlier in peak hours while she was in a packed Mexico City train like in Kolkata, she saw still one seat going vacant. She was about to sit in it. but had to bounce back seeing the women sitting next to it smiling at her. Following their looks she was appalled to watch that it was a penis seat resembling a man’s open lower half body with penis, which was part of a drive of the Mexico City UN women against sexual harassment of women & girls by some men.
== What makes you laugh?
== Seeing your wretched dress and this awkward umbrella.
....  Going to the room Lori gave him a new suit from her handbag and said, dump your dress in the trass can and and change this set of new suit I bought for you. have a shave. come clean. hurry. If more late, we won’t get any food left for us. She commanded. and changed herself in party dress and make up quickly in the restroom.
Fatigued and amazed OP was happy to think that at least somebody has some feelings for him— that he always lacked, but he said => It is so nice you're gifting me the new dress. Yet, I waz nice in this dress of me. So why change it? 
Common way of life is best
to pursue uncommon trait
unnoticed to the commons

Reaching Kolkata I’ll shave?
== Don't infuriate me. Yours this dress is nice? You’ll find no taker / if you want to bestow it upon a beggar. he will definitely refuse to take it feeling insulted and sue you on defamation charges, for acting derogatory to his prestige. Go and change quick! Otherwise, I'll make you change your dress and shave. She threatened. 
Omni Pundit being scared of the consequences, because he knew she’s gotta do what she’s gotta do. Therefore, it’s of no use to protest and protect.  The new garb OP had to change and shave quite reluctantly as per her madvice.
....  Still Lori, a perfectionist, wasn’t satisfied: Oh, not combed your long unruly hair! She combed his hair. Soon you’re to get your haircut. Eh, not perfumed? Yet planning to create a perfume Womantic Romonigandha! From her handbag, she picked up and sprayed a perfume on him. Now she was in the admiring mode => Oh, you really look herotic in this attire. You always dress miserably so that you look a Very Very Insignificant Person—a VVIP. Nevertheless, this won’t cut ice with me. She embraced him and suddenly gave him a peck ignoring the counter girl nearby. grabbing his hand happily she said => Let’s go. I’m angry. I’m hungry. I'm hangry.
== Here in the nearby restaurants we can have what do you want—fine tequila, even Pulque drinks. Mariachi music. And whatever tortilla, burrito, taco and vegetariano for dinner. OP suggested shakily.
== What, vegetarian! She sneered.
== Then where to?
== To hell. and hailed a taxi. asked the cabwoman to go to a well-known hotel with dancebar.  Lori, he thought, gone crazy.
== But what we’ll do there at the nightlife area? Next, you’ll want me to dance tango & salsa with you there—that I won’t. 
== You’ll do whatever I say. This is your penalty.
== For?
== For coming to Latin America without taking me with you. We haven't come here on any pilgrimage. we ain’t yogis. we'll enjoy at the site of origination of the sinful night sin sinnery, dine, booze & tango there and show our pictures to Bangasudha friends and in my social network.
....  Scared Omni Pundit remained silent in the taxi as his all objections raised, but not sustained—and definitely overruled. Meanwhile nighting in the iconic Garibaldi Square area, which they were leaving, was hotting up, with silent colorful invitation — full in sinvitation. Young men and women sauntering on the street with hand in hand. Some drugged and bohemian homeless guys apparently aimlessly sitting beneath the trees decorated with colorful lights. Sides of the plaza adored by statues waving hands or caps or strumming guitars. Though, a few had cautioned about the area as chancy, especially open till late night. Yet trashing any skepticism, from the street side bars — drenching in wines melodious songs and music with organs vibrating guitars and blowing saxophones full of rhythm and mariachi music, with frolicking danseuses twirling their frocks, were quite enjoyable to the revelers. 
....  He dreamagined then that moment when all tell of the blooming joyous world where there is no sorrow. no distress. no decay. no famine. no war. no struggle. no scam. no fraud. no feud. no tussle. no toxin. no disease. no death. no hunger. no trouble. no bossing. no epidemic. no forestfire. no hurricane. no epidemic. no famine. no flood. no quake. no tornado. no tsunami. no terror. no horror. no border. no order. no poverty. no scorn. no aggression. no tyranny..... All positively crazy. happy. healthy. elated. pleasant. colorful. vibrant. gorgeous.  jubilant. successful. mirthful. decent. artistic. flowery. gentle. calm. generous. kind. well. flowery. fragrant. affluent. generous. covetable. desirable. admirable. honest. rich. friendly. equal. liberal ...



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.23.68
Chapter 68: Heartmate at Other End


Mute Heartrack
When we were to say
as heartifact we 2 nurtured silence
But which we were to say >> beshamed
(neither said you)  (nor said I)

When we were to hear
in heartrack we heard what not to ear
Yet which we were to hear << besieged
{neither said I}  {nor said you}
 
....  Jam-packed tourist season. Hiya was upstairs in her office room working, while recalling this poem of her Poet, pondering idly towards outside the windowpanes of her hotel, at Ushuaia. She watched on screen a couple of tourists were returned by Romina, the girl over the counter. No room. Then came a lone Dane young girl in backpack. And requested a seat—even just a place to lie down in the floor for tonight only. she had her sleeping bag. she was tired and getting no place elsewhere, having her earlier booking cancelled. It was very cold outside with occasional drizzle and hi wind. Romina thought a bit then asked Hiya, her boss => Whatto do madam?  Hiya mulled the visitor might be in trouble, if returned. She asked the visitor => I might share you my visitor's room for tonight only. if enough for you?
== More than enough. Thanx Madam. Replied the Dane. 
== Romina, Tomorrow? Asked Hiya.
== One guest is scheduled to quit in the morning.
== If she leaves you will stay, if she stays you will leave. Ok? Hiya sealed the deal.
== Ok. Madam, thank you so much. The visitor got moon in her hand. Otherwise, I’d have to sleep in outside!
....  Hiya returned to her contemplation. nevertheless, the poem haunting her. Really when in time attached, in puberty they didn't know each other adequately. When detached they both have been eager to be attached again. Yet the Poet has always remained as if an illusion. May be she is also like that to him. Leaving Biswapur, suddenly she left her hotel business and disappeared to Tahiti. After a few years, she left her teaching assignment in Tahiti. By chance happening she read another poem of the Poet, the cutting of which was sent to her by Omni Pundit.
How could you fizzle out to Tahiti?

I was unaware when
raising huge hue & cry smoking skyscape
out of sight dispersed your aircraft

/|
<==<
\|

Henceforth even if you confab
to knit goodie moody words of love
Hiya, then shredding me why &
how could you fizzle out to Tahiti?

....  Reading this poem, she had smiled alone appreciating that the Poet was at least still concerned about her. Then abandoning her job in Tahiti, she came to the fag south end of the world at Ushuaia, and took lease of this hotel. Nevertheless, she cogitated because of their unattachment and illusiveness, their attractions to each other not yet waned. intact. even increasing day by day. 
....  Her introversion disconnected as Romina asked >> a pressguy from US wants to meet her. She wondered, why her hotel has no scandal no murder no tax evasion no celebrity no rotten food no luxurious suite… so what press will get from her hotel! Still she said: Send him.
A young handsome high guy entered, showed press card said  in clear Bangla: Aapni nischoi Hiyadi? (you must be Hiyadi?)
Hiya was amazed to hear a speaker in her mother tongue at this end of the world— thousands of miles away from her native place: Hayn, kintu tumi ke? Ekhane presser haamlaa kayno?  (but who are you? why press here to oppress?) Nothing new or newsable, important or unusual glitz or blitz happened here—suitable for pressfeeding!
The guy beamed his trademark™ smile and handed over her a letter. Hiya asked him to sit and opened the letter:
..  Hear Hiya,

The bearer of this letter Alin Sen is like my younger brother. He is going there on his duty. If you can accommodate him, I will be happy.
We are on the lookout for the Poet. We heard his last appearance on a hill bungalow. Whenever we will trace him I will convey it to you—as you said. 
Along with it, I’m sending you copy of his several poems we recently chanced to find in a mag.

How are you doing? When you’ll be back to the country?

Best Wishes. As ever

  Romnis Pundit
....  The face of Omni Pundit at her erstwhile Sweetheart Hotel @ Biswapur flashed Hiya’s mind ? Punditda wonders rubbing his unkempt hair with his one hand and saying: If I tell/ you’ll tell/ Punditda is telling tale! She kept the letter with the poem titled => Hiya’s Scrawl, separately in her personal file to read the poem minutely later when alone. Smiling she asked the visitor: Alin, where and how Romda, the globetrotter, is now?
== He’s always fine. He is in Toronto at this moment.
== Ok, when you’re from my country + having reco from Romda,  we’ll have to accommodate you. However, where and how, that’s the problem. All prebooked. Moreover, if we can’t give you any accommodation you’ll write in your media—some harsh reports against our hotel and we’ll have to shut it down. She grinned. Being a media guy, you can have better hotels than ours to stay. Why here?
== Because you’re here. We at Bangasudha hear of you often from Punditda. I’ve sent my camera crew to a big hotel. But for me where else shall I get to eat Bangla dishes aloo posto, sukto prepared by Didi? Oh, how many days I haven’t eaten these! Alin replied promptly. {Though he often eats these in Bangla cuisine at restaurants in Washington. In fact, when Alin asked Punditda to write a letter to Hiya introducing him, OP said: Just tell her my name. that will be sufficient. Moreover, why you need to stay in her hotel there in Ushuaia, when you will get 5* accommodation charges reimbursed from your office? 
2 drives spur humaniac action
Clear & Rear
Clear drives are seen & shown
Rear drives are unseen & unshown

What’s your real ploy?
== Oh, Guru, don’t mind. Now a days you are going a lil blunt. Everything I’ve to explain in details to you. I’m not that fool, that now in spite of having your good reference, I’ll squander the proper opportunity of entirely for free of cost, the good  fooding and lodging in Hiyadi’s hotel. — in a costly and crowded tourist season at a tourist town? — now in my youth if I do not shave the entire amount of expenses of staying in a 5* hotel, reimbursing from my organization! — what a better propertunity can I have? Then what shall I get to eat in my old days? Understand?
One can well guess Omni Pundit’s blessings: Horribilis! You Shrewmouse,  Sorex Carulescens…etc. etc. to grouse.
Yet outwardly asked wearing a grin: Again uttering your fav terminology—entirely free of cost! What had happened that time, you said, I’ve forgotten the incident of your entirely for free of cost? 
== Nothing unusual. Alin chuckled to narrate =>That night I was working as a sub editor. with a sweet young woman reporter. nobody was around us. we were just smooching a little… All on a sudden, the news editor appeared from out of the blue, and caught us red-handed and doused our fire to fire us: For this work, you’re hired with a hefty pay?
== I replied no Sir; we are doing this work entirely free of cost. Alin chortled.
Now premembered Punditda to laugh out loudly. So ultimately, he could not save Hiya, from giving Alin the letter he wanted}.
== Oh Boy! Not even got room, yet wanting me to cook for you! She told Alin in Bangla, the transversion of which is => Very sly person I see, fit for wooing young girls. Hiya giggled. However, do not churn this assistant girl Romina’s head to elope with you, then I will be in trouble!
Alin liked to reply =>
People eat more fishes all the same
Yet only shark gets the blame

Instead, feigning Alin shrugged off: What you talking about Hiyadi! Punditda also blemishes me like this.  in fact, I lead nearly the life of a yogi.
== Oh, surely seeing you I can fathom that perfectly. She grinned meaningfully.
Then Hiya asked Romina: What to do, he’ll not relent us. But the last place we’ve given to the Dane girl. Now how to make room for him?
== When he’s guy from yr place, he won’t go, we’ll have to accommodate somehow. Ok, for tonight I will go home to sleep, leaving him my room and the day after tomorrow there might be vacant room to readjust somehow.  She accompanied Alin to her own room, took her nightwear and handbag, and waved him 
== Goodnight. I can guess what Madam said about u. She smiled, have a sweet dream.
Alin wished to say: Lets dream together. How without you can I have a sweet dream? Et al. But before he could say her any prelude, she has already evaporated. He was also very tired for long flight jet lag from San Francisco, to be melted into sleep fast.

The Journo’s Journey
....  Hunting news at dawn as arranged previously, Alin woke up to go to the Ushuaia harbour front from where about ¾th of the total Antarctica-bound vessels of the world that time set sail. It took that time about 2 days then to reach the Antarctica peninsula from Ushuaia, across the Drake’s passage, in normal weather conditions. He found there his known representatives from other news media as well as his cameradier Nathan.
Then and there, they were taken to a small ship bound for the Cape Horn, where they were to meet some of the ill-fated survivor patients of the crashed ship, still stranded  there. In the beginning, it was a very chilly morning with haze. The Beagle Channel that day was not so windy. It was in the rough, frosty, windy. and fearsome Drake passage their small ship was going to be capsized by the rowdy wind and they experienced with utter horror what is Drake Shake. They were aware of the furicious waves with unkind rowdy Antarctic winds and rain along the Atlantic-Pacific meeting point, on the Cape Horn and the Drake’s Passage >> which once was experienced by Drake, Magellan and many other well-known sailors in the past. and had sunk so many mariners and ships, having no exact chronicle. But lucky they were—ultimately blessed with  the rise of the glorious gleaming sunlight. 
....  Then the scenerama was looking quite innocent and elegant—and more to the camera crews—with the blessing of the glint of the sun—those far-flung snow peaked mountains and white icy islands. Even they were delighted to watch dolphins swimming along with their ship, while albatross and shearwater petrels surrounding their ship and diving with their tall wings flight skim close to the waves! Alin mulled oh, the Albatross does not know it has a sculpture in the memorial in Cabo de Hornos.
....  To have the first person accounts, it was impossible to go to the spot of the stranded ship there— fatally wrecked being stuck in hardcore iceberg in the Southern Ocean, far off from the coastlines of Antarctica, with its crew and passengers consisting of tourists, environmentalists and scientists for over 2 weeks. A few of them severely injured were originally rushed to Ushuaia, that was why they came to meet them here—but later the patients were to be emergency-landed at Puerto Williams—now where they were going to see them, but heard before landing there, that the injured were by then hurriedly relocated to Punta Arena hospital due to their precarious conditions. From Ushuaia across the Beagle Channel, it is nearer to access the southernmost point of land mass of the world at Puerto Williams, Chile, and then to Punta Arena—where Alins opted to go then to talk to the survivors. however, even the journos were now not allowed to go to Punta Arena from there.
....  Coming back, the media could only collect info form the rescued few unhurt survivors brought around Ushuaia — that the rescue work of the rest of the passengers and sailors— by the Russian, Australian and Chinese naval ships failed due to more and more hardening ice concerted with strong blizzards. So, they urged the American ice breaking ship and chopper to rescue them.
....  At the national park also, they saw the Lake Roca, which Argentina borders with Chile just on the opposite side mountains. For going to Chile, Alins have to try to get permission from Buenos Aires, where from Tasha Storm phoned, waiting for him. The flight to Buenos Aires in the next morning.  As they had to return before meeting the patients, and there was still ample time and daylight, so they got the time to visit some more attractions of Tierra del Feugo and to have a picture grab …
....  Alin came back to the hotel at night after his outdoor work and visit. Then dinner with Hiya—who personally cooked his fav Bangla cuisine items. After dinner, he could not see Romina at the front desk reception. So he went to find Romina’s room, where he had kept his luggage and slept last night. Knocking he heard come in— in Romina’s voice. On entering, he found Romina preparing to leave keeping her nightwear and cosmetics in her handbag.
Alin informed her => We went to the places you had suggested to visit. Especially the Martillo Island. there we saw very closely and walked with nearly 6000 black and white Magellanic penguins + about 60 orange peak colored Gentoo Penguins. The tour was fascinating. However, it was very cold. very windy. moreover, it started heavily raining just after our boat touched the shore. 
I couldn’t imagine before it is such a lovely place.
== So you liked this place? Romina asked.
== Not merely like, I love Tierra del Feugo—, also the people here, and specially you! [Patch =>The southern-most indigenous tribes of Tierra del Feugo and the world, Yamanas lived naked ignoring rain, ice and ruffian winds, slathering their bodies fully in seal fats and burning fire in their canoes—seeing which Magellan had called the place as the land of fire or Tierra del Feugo. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
Now the fire of the land was burning within Alin.
== Really? Romina nonchalant. rubbing cheeks.
Then he asked Romina pretending to forget about her going home to sleep at night: Going somewhere?
== To home to sleep. Already clocked past X. Romina informed.
== Too bad. Now you have to walk out far for me.
== Not at all far away. Just 6-7 minutes from here. 
== Who else is there so that you’re attracted to return home at night? Alin was inquisitive.
== None. Therefore, I stay here at night. But since you’re here—so I have to go. Simple.
== Then may I go to reach you at your home? Alin got interested hearing none at her home.
== Suggested very good. First you go to reach me home due to my home is my known place to go + for the  weather at night is black. Romina radiating her enigmatic grin, continued >> and then this place is not your known place, so I'll come here to get you back / as the weather is bleak. Then again, you go my home with me and me come here to get you back……nicely said, this way night'll elapse into morning. Romina now loosening her hair before the mirror attached to the dressing table.
She chortled with a hint churning her playful eyes: So?
He smiled: So don’t go. Really, not flirting, the smell your hair is s-o alluring as you are so gorgeous! That I cannot but love. Alin beautilized the chance to charm.
== So? Unflattered, she asked him while combing, Here is only one single bed in this room. Madam Hiya did not know that you’d come someday. That case she might have arranged here double bed for you. Romina’s reply.
== No problem. Even better as we’ll share the single bed. He came closer to her to get the deep fragrance of her hair, reflected in the mirror in the soft glow of lamplight. 
== Then you’ll say to become closer to each other— we should come closer to each other in bed at first and foremost. Romina suggestive.
== Obviously. Otherwise how we’ll get to know each other properly?
== Wow! Very charmingly said! Then you will want me to come closer & closest to you! Romina candid.
== Correct! You’re so smart & fascinating & prestigious lady!  Alin beautilizing to woo and coo her.
== Then you will say to come closest to afix with your bod, so that you can fun my closet to cum! Romina corked out the fizz  to fizzle out.
....  For that moment puzzled Alin got dumbfound. However, glitzy Romina continued the blitzkrieg >> But after that, you will say to distance more and more so much so that not to see each other again. And you’re on the track of another funtastic funtasy girl again! Nevertheless, you have said like this to many girls before and I have heard this from many guys before. I ain’t a prestigious prestitute as you might have presumed!
....  She took her handbag and slammed the door on his face with a naughty flirting grin: Good night, have sweet dreams! The next moment she reopened the door and dodging him more with her naughty mischievous chortle gagged: I can guess what Madam said about u in your language. I do yoga and know the word yogi — the life of which you lead. Isn't it? Still ok, I'll sleep here with you no problem, if your big sis my boss Madam Hiya permits us. Can you ask her so—?
....  Stunned, as if electrocuted, for the first time in his life by a girl. Alin who was in the habit of being lusted by a number of young females, and who thought he has gripped a good catch Romina, who he must on no account let slip like a wet soap in hand, could only say her: You gonna mad, crazy gal! You go home. Let me sleep. I am so tired.
....  After Romina gone home, in the room, Alin checked the other local media reports and pix. Before sending the final report to his agency, he also checked the photos by Nathan and news they have gathered so far from visiting the local news hubs and spots. He also checked the remarks peopled by the the social networkers >>>

REMARKS:
Whodunnit >> For the global warming and all the resulting ill effects who are to be blamed? The common person or the big powerful governments allowing all these actions of polluting the Antarctica, still the last and the least polluted ice chunk of the world.
Mazulika >> Why allow the tourists, scientists and the environmentalists there? It is that peoplation who are creating a mess over there and warming & worming the continent, which gives us warning of quake, deluge and apocalypse.
Backpacker >> You stupid! If you do not allow the tourists over there how the big funding needed for the scientific and environmental experimental projects will come from?
Lapizlazuli >> Disband all the bases there! Please keep off the biggest hard white and cool continent and the endangered penguins! 
Ebola >> Why did all the passengers go there to die frozen! However, pray for their safe return soon. 
HowMowCow >> Whatever happens is for the good. Let it happen.
Learn 93 more remarks and earn more cashpoints. * 
*T + C Apply.
....  Hiya  lazying  in the balcony cooled by the chilly brazen ocean breeze. To her Alin was the abrupt dash of air from her country. Where she has not gone for a long time. But now she is eager to go there more to meet the Poet at least for once more, may be for the last time, before his closing of account, after reading the poem sent to her by  Romda: 
Hiya’s Scrawl

A fancying penguin flying to me from South Pole
a scribble of Hiya in its beak, what's written in it?
May it delay. words won’t vapor. she’ll appear

Meanwhile
Nails clawing  > cutting nails
Hair growing  > cutting hair
Errors flawing  > tracking back
Water swelling  > rowing kayak

Hearing my pain i clearly recall
sowing an astute seed covertly Hiya’s forecast:
take care it will shower bunches of pleasure
bloom will repose your incessant gloom
Now i see the tree swings in winds of joy
Let it delay. words won’t vapor. it will flower

Scenewhile
Water receding  <  scattering net
Mind smashing  < quitting home
Enemy blasting  <  digging grave
Time ticktalking  < closing account



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E


3.24.69
Chapter 69: Roving Heartland in Disguise


None waited For Me Except Death

Awaiting in unfrutile keenness
i've gained nothing
lost everything
even my waning time
is in the bottom dregs
i'm waiting for none and nothing

For none relentlessly waits none
for long from the beginning till end
excepting death

So long none waited for me except death

....  The musing Poet was working in the garden. on the back of the forest retreat at Ashapur, on the slope of hill. On the front side of the retreat is a small falls. Its rich mineral water is beneficial to health. No other health-seeker that time was there excepting him.
==  Now he doesn’t wait for anyone but previously all through his life he had been wondering if Hiya would appear out of the clue someday. Though, how and when and where he didn't know. While working in the garden he is humming his lyrics:

Roving Heartland In Disguise

Fancying fervor of Hiya  i've no other way than
swaning toward the river  mouth like a lumber
Roving in my heartland  robing in disguise
come  whatever  i mind never

By now i would have  blown out by rowdy wind
Yet i lit myself in  my own menternal flame

By now i would have  drowned in the sea of tear
i  make  myself  cheer  clowning on me to regain

By now i would have  fallen  asleep  forever
having none to rouse  i arise me again & again

== Why there's no other boarder here now? The Writer asked the cook cum caretaker Nagini Tudu, a black old aboriginal woman.
== Who'll come here now to die babu, excepting you?
== Why?
== Nobody cautioned you before you came? It seems you aren’t aware of any news of here! 
== i'm ailing and trailing now. Doc advised me to a pollution free healthy place to recover near to the nature. i heard the water of the falls is rich in minerals like elixir. 
== Wasn't it better for you to recover in other place, than come to die here, babu? Just before 6 months this place was the den of the ultras aka Jungle Party. They’re said to have killed the ranger and forest guards. ruled over the entire area of forest hamlets. including our village. abducted the caretaker of this bungalow. could have been assisted by the poachers and smugglers and radicals, it’s alleged. police were helpless to control them. Lastly, the Security forces came and after months of guerrilla battle with them, some party leaders were captured and killed—and cadres of the party were flushed out of the area lastly. But we the surrounding villagers are being still torched now and then both by the ultras who promised to do good to us but in fact did bad to us, as well as the security forces. All the young men of the villages fled—as the security sleuths suspect us helping the ultras—who are also said to be interlinked to other insurgent ultras countrywide. funded and equipped by the enemy countries—the ultras recruit their gorilla cadres from the adjoining tribal youths here—and we have to supply them food, money, youth, and shelter to run their party. Otherwise we get roughened and killed by the partysans who pledge to work for the poor—and also harassed by the security forces, who doesn’t respect but suspect & manhandle us for helping the ultras.
== Now?
== Now the Security is in control of the area. And after the clearance given by them to reopen the bungalow for visitors—the owner found only me to accept the job—as all the young men and women fled the area temporarily in fear of being torched by the police or killed in encounter with the militant turned to killitant Jungle Party.
Taking commoners as hostage & scapegoat
the heartless politics is often the noble mask
of fake good-doers’ clout

The writer pondered that happens allwhere:
It is people who are at the receiving end
for all the misdeeds done by the rulers
or the bigot evilians
posing as kind civilians

Nagini continued: For this trouble, I come here every day just for once in daytime. work. & return before evening. But, before you, no visitor set foot here in the last 2 years.
== No no. This is very serene and tranquil place. Will you bring me some flower plants, seeds and bio muck? i'll plant here? Keep this money from me.
== It's futile babu. Flower blooms not here. Though, water of the falls is aplenty. But shadowed by big trees and hill, sunlight on the land doesn't fall this side of the hill. It was tried here many times before. it won’t bloom here. Nagini was sure, yet I'll bring you. if it ever blooms. 
....  Here the sky is clear. the night is pitch black. no light nowhere. only the stars dotting scattered in the sky. the Poet writing in candle light… Still he was obsessed: 
Elegy to Hiya

i believe heartmate Hiya might come
She’s coming within me like a squall
coming running from the southern sea
coming within all my cells
within all my hemoglobin
,,  all my protoplasm
In my life’s wind my heartizen is coming
In my apan wind  she’s coming
In my Kula kundalini she’s coming

i feel in my happy and crappy times
some somebody is there beside me
who doesn't coo nor can i woo

It’s been too late in my hearterrain
The lava of long passions hardened to stone
Waiting for era of change to come
i’ve turned to a static statue

i have no picture to churn you
no fire to burn you  no mantra to turn you
but only the desire to learn you

....  All time thrust of the plunging sound of the falls in the backdrop. birds chirping. a raw green smell of the jungle. The big beasts of the forest—some poached. some fled fearing the sound of gung ho encounters. Whenever the writer didn't write, he worked in the garden barefooted. But after working hard in the garden for the past several months, for long hours every day now on the flower plants, not even a single flower has blossomed, even the season for blossom was past. As his onus on long time writing of magnum opus has been inching toward the denouement. Though the future is just 1 word—oblivion. Yet he didn't abandon writing: 
Desolate White Paper

Herefore i tender
my life’s forlorn resignation
my unfrutile desolate whitepaper

My prospect is just 1 word—oblivion

i know all's ultimately not fruitile
i’ve forbidden poetry to disturb me
yet non-relenting words often haunting me
i’ve forbidden tunes to addict me
yet that's non-yielding. always humming
brash tunes brew to jazz up within me
i’ve shut eyes forbidding images to dare & bare
brazen she poses in the nude luring me to portray

i know all's ultimately not frutile but futile
What i forbid why they appear again & regain?
What i covet why not they ever happen?

Herefore i tender
my life’s forlorn resignation
my unfrutile desolate whitepaper

My prospect is just 1 word—oblivion

....  Then the writer was en route to menterogation => i’ve been looking hypnotically at the call of the cosmosphere… there in the gamut universe the cover of fire  and dust cloud being revealized… to an unique loving neo world’s enigmatic call — bracing me on the queersphere… as if i have jumped in the sky and walking fast step by steps… but that queer enigmatic siren fast receding drifting throwing challenge to me: Hey, you can’t  catch  me in the

Q u e e r S p h e r e

If ever anyone
asks for me
Just tell >> he’s gone

Though i have to go on the flo of my tears
rowing the sampan of time
leaving  my fading trail
i bet all to lose, nothing to gain
i have to do what i don’t want to do
i have to eat whatever i don’t want to  eat
i have to wear the mask not of mine
i have to wear the despised worn out dresses
i have to bear  the cursed blemish constantly
i have to bear the loveless lonesome life
i have to lie in bed of barbs not of flowers
i have to shield the attire of war of others
i have to tell what i don’t want to tell
i have to digest the charges not done by me
What i wanted to write still is incomplete
What i wanted to draw is incomplete
,,  i wanted to tune is incomplete
i have to live patched up unfulfilled life
Only surviving somehow looking for what?

If ever anyone
asks for me
Just tell >> he’s gone

i cry inwardly >> so that none can see
Because if others see they will mock
i laugh inwardly >> so that none can see
Because they will take me as insane
i sing inwardly >> so that none can hear
and think me not in tune with the world
i talk to myself >> so that none can listen
Because they will fake to solace me
i draw my dreamdom menternally
>> if anyone knows
s/he will jeer mar & smear as squeezer
biting licking nagging wounds
None did wait for me  shed a tear
,,  for me had heartigo ever
neverrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

In the world there are ample people
but only few humans

Obsessing the spacific queersphere
not my known world of trifle bile & scorn
but maddening hypnotic implausible turn
My vision blurred by covert glaucoma
i prod my journey toward that end
Where i have nothing to prove
nothing to reprove
nothing to disprove
Where i have no profit no cover
no present no glaring future
,,  gorgeous past I ever had
no remorse no promise
no stall no install
no pot boiling storyline
,,  sensational scandal
no glazy cover story no glitzy pin up
no trumpeting drumpet claiming triumph
no hearticular shelter no shield

i’m like a bird having no sky to fly
yet i sing my own tune
i’m like a fish having no water to ply
yet i fly  yet i ply
Am i a poet having no place to sign & sigh?

Is it i who composed the Cosmosphere?
or the cosmosphere composed me??

Herefore i’m in cold doldrums as
May be i’ve worked for the time
while i live never to come

As if a caterpillar i presume
my time ticking like a bomb…O…
If any butterfly flutter out of it
may tomorrow assume?

Sayeth nowhere chandan if all hear
on queer sphere waves in yon times
fulfeel the aura  in cosmosphere
times turn impossible  i’m  possible

....  He ponders when nobody will see him and he won't see with his eyes anymore, his eye above the eyes— the vision of the inner third Eye (0) will haunt on every beautiful utilization somewhere forever in the then DearSphere:
Perpetual times never sever

Unseen to anybody
my silent stint to ever haunt
beautilization on dear sphere
What where nowhere
spell in Cosmosphere

      Nevertheless now, he needs to travel more to finish his writings somewhere else in different backdrop. He still is wondering how and when the writing will end before the cosmic waves of his end times in Tearsphere:
In tear sphere
One may want or not at all
waves will rise and fall

....  The writer’s works finished there. One day he said to Nagini goodbye. However, he added:
If ever anyone
asks for me
Just tell >> he’s gone

== You're so forgetful. Have you taken all your belongings with you? Nagini cautioned him. He noded. But musing mutely >>
i didn't come with any belongings
Things may belong to any one pro tem
but neither the one, nor the things
won't be long!

Smiling he strolled away.
....  The writer deserted Ashapur to some other destination blindly chosen. But Nova-Nabik last moment tracked that he had left the hamlet Ashapur to where it can be traced only after he reaches there. So they had to cancel their program to meet him this time. But earlier Hiya had known from Omni Pundit that the writer was traced by Nova thru Brazok at Ashapur. So Hiya came back to her country of origin after many years and headed to Ashapur. However, all she could find was Nagini Tudu, who informed her he has left a few days back and showed her the garden without flower he labored for during his stay here. Hiya requested her to show his room. She had checked the register and as at her hotel Sweetheart at Biswapur long ago, he has given his village address here also, where he didn't live anymore.
....  A peculiar guy! I cautioned him not to labor so much unproductively on gardening here. No sunlight this side of the hill. So it won’t bloom. Yet he went on and said me, one day the flowers will bloom, though he won’t be there! Crazy guy. And you see the result. It didn't flower. It was impossible for me to understand him. 
....  From her, Hiya found here his waste papers dumped like many years ago at Biswapur. herefrom she also found the scribbles on paper done by him and discovered the scrawl. 

Lie Down the Maidenhair Tree

In this world none loves me anymore i too no more
When there’s none to seek me    none to hear me
none to bear me   none to share me none to care me
So come on Hiya, sleep dip in my heart
Let’s lie down the maidenhair tree for myriad times

Let’s be latent seeds frozen in underground pain
or float as particles in the air soil sky green conclave
cornfield grass on mountain ice rivers jovial ocean
or rove in the waves of ether nucleus electron pollen
until & unless we form as fetus in dreamatic cavum 
and blossom into blood of life  until then

( moon
O sun rise.  let them.  let them rise  
* stars ***   rise and doom. let them. let them doom
Let flowers bloom let them play flute lute let them sing
Let the fountains of joy shower funtastic blondes fizzle
Let there be war dance & glee of guns & bombs boom
Let millions of hyenas clap let them clap
Let the time of endless wait sweep let it sweep

In this world none loves me anymore i too love nomore
When there’s none to seek me none to hear me
none to bear me none to share me none to care me
So come on Hiya, sleep dip in my heart
Let’s lie down the maidenhair tree for myriad times

....  Hiya became numb and dumb. Reading the poem several times. She thought what does it imply? Then she examined several other doodles & scribbles in his handwriting. all twisted and torn sheets. which she tried to decode. and took back home to make fare copy and mail to Romda, with who she had originally planned to publish a poetry collection of the poet. The Poet once at Biswapur, had asked Romnis Pundit to junk his writings with him, as all those were trash according to him and shouldn't be published at all before rewriting. But now, Hiya was sure to find him out without much difficulty in his next destination, getting cue from Nagini Tudu and Romda. 
Though the Poet wrote—Everything is cared shared / fared spared and forsaken.
Yet he simply didn't give up his untiring effort. He still hoped it would blossom someday. It was Nagini, who discovered from garden another scribble for Hiya to read. 
Nomore  Shall i See

The flowers will bloom  i shall not see
Nomore  shall i see

i drained myself  gardening my days in ruin
sprinkled best seeds manure prime time rain
But sunlight didn't beam to frutile the bloom

For which the heydays of life gone in vain
in barred heart the fluttering butterfly rebelled
in blurred heart mutely wept Byzantine maddess
in clogged heart’s wound eager blood seeped

If ever in golden light sparkles prakalpana
on busy bee visits render reasonance buzz
after wait-waned days turns up a soulitarian
if ever someday the wheel turns  then

At the bosom  of the bloom
may who smell  the reclusive love
spell the  soul  to fulfeel allover
To you  for ever

((!))
Y

The flowers will bloom  i shall not see
Nomore  shall i see



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.25.70
Chapter 70: Dousing Deluge


Badventure or Gladventure?
....  Bollori had informed Romda that Chakkar smells like goat killed in meat shops, as the girls at Bangasudha had implicated. So she asked: Why not invent a natural perfume to cover up a bad fume?
Romda, who had also sensed before that the extraterrestrial Tikoonza’s smell remained in Chakkar’s body, said: Yes, I was mulling of making a unique scent (gandha) for woman (romoni) from woman’s genuine body order, which will have the romance of woman’s odor, to be called Womance =  Romonigandha, to subside all bad odors, and attract men toward them.
Lori was instantly interested: What prevented you?
Romda: There’s a problem, H2SO4.  for that, only the genuine body odor of a young woman is needed. And that woman must be deperfumed of all other artificial perfumes first— by bathing and cleaning thoroughly and then she will not be able to wear any cover or clothes & perfumes until the genuine scent is collected from her body, as the slightest smell of the cover will spoil the broth. For that, I have to find the donor to collect at first. How to get it?
== Oh, boy! this only! no other woman. only your Bolli will be the donor. it will be great that all user women of that scent will have to wear my body fragrance! but can that be given here? She secretly intended to grab the propertunity to visit his home on this pretext, which Romda didn't allow any access to any of his friends ever.
== So you have to come to my place before bath. The problem is how to give you any time for that?
== However, that beyond her expectation propertunity came at last unexpectedly to Bollori naturely, on 1 evening of heavy downpour and storm, when except she and Romda nobody could come. All the streets of Kolkata were waterlogged and clogged. first knee-deep water. then water reaching manywhere to the waistline. Omni Pundit sitting in Bangasudha with his fav guzzle. abrupt flood situation in this city. All other tables in the tavern empty. 
== Now, how can I return home in Srirampur, far off from here? all transport on road are immersed in water. Bolli anxiously asked Romda.
== So? I am still alive, na. Why think so much? There must be some way.
== Why, will you let me stay in your room here for tonight?
== Oh, you also know that I have an office room here? To you I see nothing of me is to remain in secret. 
She grinned: Still there is. I’ll have to break in that jinx.
== Horribilis! He mulled. Lori tell me first, if you stay out of your home tonight, what folks at your home will think? 
== You know my brothers and sisters will only be too happy to think me dead or missing. Because in that case, a claimant of share of the ancestral huge joint property, will be unexpectedly cleared for them.
== Ok, but will you be able to wade down the flooded roads at least 20 miles in dark night?
== Oh, whatta fun, to swim with you. on the dark unknown flooded path. for miles. amidst showers and thunderstorm! So promantic adventurous and Funatic!
== Not a funny thing. Think over again Bolli. All transport clogged. Electricity off. as that may electrocute people on roads.
== How aromantic!
== All your romance will be vapored in the end. Don't blame me afterwards.
== Rather I would love you afterwards for surprising me with such a glad experience of adventure. Lori emphatic.
== Let that not be your badventure or sadventure instead of gladventure! Well, let us get up now. No other our guy will be able to come tonight. Rainfall is sparse now. it might be heavier afterwards.
....  They came to the manager: Can you arrange a room for her tonight? She won't be able to return home tonight.
== Somehow we are to arrange a room for you tonight; as I heard your place is far off from here beyond the city limits. In addition, food is plenty. as guests could not turn up in the rain. you don’t have to starve.
== No no I must somehow return. As how far my house is flooded there in the village I have to check it out, if I can still save anything. You please arrange her a room.
== No, no I won't stay here alone. Bolli refused.
== Horribilis! then what can be done? We've to face the music of rough weather on the marooned road.
....  Coming out on the street, Omni Pundit unfolded his awkward umbrella over Lori’s head. There was a hole in the umbrella.
== Why this big hole in your umbrella, Romda? Lori curious.
== Otherwise, how could we understand if there’s rain? Romda's flat answer.
Bolli laughed out loudly. He dragged her repeatedly within the umbrella whenoften she got out of the umbrella. They wade through the dark streets. Somewhere knee-deep waters somewhere waist-deep. The vehicles marooned here and there on the street. forsaken. A few boats plying on the water on road turned to river. Somewhere pale shaft of light shimmering on the unsettled water from the adjoining houses and shops partially drowned. A few other travelers passing with their belongings and children with caution, in search of some unknown safer destination. Because there might be open manhole to pass the water flow, and fear of live electric wire with currents. Getting a cord from his pocket Romda tied Lori's waist with his keeping distance.
== What are you doing? Tying ourselves? Is it for life we are tied to each other? Whatta great idea!
== Horribilis! Not so promantic, Romda clarified, It is darn practical. if any one of us is drawn away by hard currents or dip down into the open manhole, then one can pull out the other.
....  Nevertheless, after a few miles of strenuous voyage, Lori rued: I can't wade more. My bare foot is cut. straining and paining. May be some thorn or nail pierced in the bare foot in a pothole. I'm feeling damn hungry.
....  Though a kid, but don't be kiddish here. We're on midway. No point of return from here. I warned you before, not to come with me on this uncertain madventure in the rain. He seemed stern to Lori, who gripped his hand and said: No, I won't grumble any more as you're with me.
Romda went softer and gave her a bayurbedic pill from his pocket to pop and then a chocmola to eat: The pill to reduce your pain and strain and prevent you from contamination in the cut in your foot, and the chocmola will kill your hunger and revive your energy.
== You made the Chocmola? How?
== Who else? Chocolate mix + Molasses. how does it taste? Romda was eager to know how it tastes to others.
== Fancinating! Later I'll keep some with me.
....  The city limits had ended long time ago. Now the highway submerged in the meadows. where the boundary line of the road was >> could not be demarcated. Only the wayside posts and trees were to be marked. As no vehicle was swimming on the road, they tried to walk through the center of the road, so that they would not be drowned falling in any ditch beside the road. It was raining intermittently. in the complete darkness, only some lightning strike showing them the road up to far away. though there was fear of being thunderstruck. Strong cyclonic winds. Very rarely any people treading on the road, turned to river. The sound of anybody splashing through the waterfront or rear / then became rare.
== If somebody attacks us now here! There's none to save us, feared Lori.
Romda did not say her >>{Brazok and this dumbrella umbrella will foil any attack that might come from above or on the way. However, the clumsy weather is also saving us. Brazok is giving us light. showing us direction. and will save our lives to repulse any attacker. Though, in dark night the Brazok light is spotable from the above.}
Instead what he said => Don’t worry. the cloudy rough weather is saving us—diverting the detectors' attention, if any. So never mind all these trifle fears. I’m here with you. 
....  After draining out some more straining travel, their travail finally ended. Romnis Pundit's house on a tract of high land, which does not generally drown in any downpour, bearing no nameplate or number.
Reaching home, Romda keying in with his eyes winked at the robo gateman’s eyes to open the gate.

Now or Never

....  He illuminated the inside of his house which at a glance seemed to Bolli, like a large basement garage space with several spacious anti rooms. seemingly neatly disarranged, perhaps to hoodwink and discourage enough any intruder. He showed her the bathroom to have a thorough bath with scentless bayurbedic disinfectants. to wash out the dirty infective germs, remaining logged and clogged in the rainwater for a long time + to erase that all her artificial perfumes to be neutralized with the fresh bath. In another bathroom, Romda also after thoroughly bathing to clean from the dirty clogged water. and changed his wet dress.
....  Lori knew Romda did not take her love at all seriously, thinking her just a child fancying love, having dreamatic ideaz about him. and the crush will surely be crashed and recovered, when she will come in day to day contacts with him like his ex— who axed him out in the lurk with vitriolic animosity toward him. However, Romda liked Bollori's genuine simplicity so he could not ignore H2SO4, the sulfuric acidic Bollori. With his hectic multifarious activities, he did not expect to be loved any more by any woman—deciding it is a myth and ungettable, at least in his case. he wanted Bolli as his friend and associate, laughing off her that her craze of love for him will be cured and subsided away soon, after getting a suitable handsome young man as her partner.  He cogitated >>
Ever a creeper

Often it hazes the mind
It is just an excuse, an excuse
no use, it is of no use

A creeper ever you crave to clinch the tree
emanating from caring parents to flower
Under the same sky
fondling with drifting reminiscences
souls trysting each other
but cannot shun the fence of hesitation

||><><||><><||><><||><><||><><||

Often it seizes the existence
It is just an excuse, an excuse
no use, it is of no use

....  Nevertheless, Bolli was dogged then to break the jinx. Freshening herself with the bayurbedic scentless disinfectants and effacing all her previous artificial perfumes, Bollori abruptly appeared before him, stark naked from the washroom. Seeing which he was stunned by her uncovered gorgeousness and spellbound for a few moments over her naked beauty!
While Lori said very amusingly => U’re ashamed? while i'm open, I ain't beshamed? eh? Romda look straight at me. Tell me how do I look?
He looked at her at a glance and remarked: Sexquisite! I didn't know u re so ravishing! Then he quickly started to place an extractor fixed on the middle of her dare bare cleavage to collect her naturely body scent for 3 minutes and closed the extractor.
== Collection of the fragrance from your body is complete.  Now wear your designer dress.
== You know it’s completely soaked up in rains. Bolli. 
== So for the time being until your wear dries up, I’m giving you mine to drape.
With an enigma, Bolli chuckled => Why it’s you who say us at Bangasudha — 
In fashion wear beauties may look better
but best in au natural
even without any wear?

....  Romda  was stumbling to eat back his own words. However, Bolli continued to murmur her chargesheet => How would u know me beautiful? May be we often meet at Bangasudha with others—where you’re surrounded by a bevy of good-looking women (romoni) and you’re the king (ish) of them, so you’re called Romnis—where both of us meet but do not see each other. as you have your own hidden agenda there—and encircled by beautiful girls and your heady buddies—you care a straw for me! You go there to camouflage your scientific programs here, in labs and in some other places in the world. Your glass and class of Bangasudha is not simply the camouflage of a glassic of classic country liquor—diluted with a Sodhak pill, it's really a chancy and ambiguous Bayurbedic experiment on yourself—experimenting to increase the span for longer life of humans, by inventing a medicine. as you don't want to endanger other's life by experimenting on others. One day when you went to see off your friend from the table just leaving the glass—I took the glass and exchanged with mine—I swallowed the contents of the glass of your elixir and felt a little bit of extra somnolent, and my head began to churn a little. Yet later on, I felt much stronger and energetic. 
== Anything more?
== Yea, Chakkar Chaki, your covert errand boy, in an alien crossed over to this country. you send him often on mission.  our friends know him he has a criminal inclination as he disappears now and then like a flyinfg saucer. Also a little more. All these I've known a little by little. How?
== That I know. Look >>> Romnis Pundit showed Bollori the series of pictures of hers following him to manywhere, including to the outside of this house, automatically taken by Brazok. 
Lori was stunned! She was taken aback.=> Still you have taken me to your den?
== Because dissecting your past follow up on me and other activities, Brazok has analyzed and shown that your attitude is 6000% safe, benign, and in fact quite friendly, congenial and beneficial for our projects, which my team and I need. This high no other friend of mine scored. Now please cover up your body. Because the undiluted scent of a woman for manufacturing Womance scent, has been extracted successfully from you. You dress up now, as you’re looking quit hot—
She sternly refused: N-O. Your need with me done. but my need with you undone. Seeing me hot, but only —
Hot is the lid—not yet the pot

....  Her enigmatic voice seemed hypnotic touch to her Romda: I'm also a man of flesh and blood, I won't be able to resist and restrain myself anymore seeing your stark beauty, which even can mismerize a yogi to indulge into dirty sin, and then you will blame me —
== I'll of course blame u and feel insulted / if you remiss me overlooking / without being indulged / in sinery with me. I've come here to look for you, the workaholic yogi, to fall for me.  I wanna see if you're a superman or a normal man—who is normally sexcited by the beauty of a nude woman. 
Romda as if talked to himself => 
I’m not a superman
just trying to be a balanced man

My time is up
When in time it was unimportant
Then it is so urgent
there is no time
Now this is simply impossible

== Romda, is it not you who often quote the poet?:
In cosmosphere times turn impossible  i’m possible

== But you’re so younger than I am!
== Don't you know I’ve turned to an adult? Moreover, your Victorian courtesy and civility wouldn't cut ice on me. As the queen, she was reported to be surreptitiously indulged with her servant. A younger man is generally prone to be more irresponsible. the only thing that's relevant here is that, I am an eligible woman and you are an eligible man of the opposite sexes. Attach no other social strings on it— which is not done by nature. But by wo/man only. As the opposite attracts. And—
Opportunity is like a perfumed wet soap
If you cannot properly grip
it will always slip

Ok? I  l-o-v-e you Romda, why don't you believe me? Lori gripped him.
== Hey Lori, please don't induce me more. You know my ex duped me. Taken huge amount of compensation from me yet wryly often called me as self-declared genius philosopher scientist, engaged all the time in a meantellectual’s tavern after the spoilt girls.
== Why she ultimately left you?
== Alin or Sarol could have hinted her that I've invented a super gizmo. She feared if I use that covertly on her —?
Bolli insisted => Whatever may be —
One's foul breath does not make
all other foul smelled

== But my life is at stake. So I can't entangle anybody with my endangered life.
== What stake?
== I've been constantly tracked by some agencies of big powers or aliens trying to grab the works and formulas of my scientific inventions and kill me. 
== Exactly who? 
== Who, actually I don't know. You know Tasha Storm as one of them:
Nowadays you can't easily know
who is your friend & who is enemy
Enemy often feigning as friend
actually, is your frenemy

For them, soon I'll have to go on constant hidings to remote places or get killed surreptitiously in their hands. So my life is uncertain only for moments now.
....  However, Bolli did not care for any of his resistant hesitant scares and pleas:
This is the auspicious moment
for the momentum

It’s You who told us =>
Now if i don't be
ever it won't be
Now or never

Now I want the prize, which you wanted to give me after I had coordinated our UniEarth meet successfully. Have you forgotten? now come closer. give me a hug. I ain’t a goody godie. I wanna break the sinsome jinx.
Romda now had to surrender to his H2SO4  completely to keep his previous promise.  She sneaked a peck of him. grabbed his hands and grasped him completely at her whims. she did as she pleased with her Romda who was hers only, hers as of that moment. that momentum. 
....  After a nap and rest freshened their body and mind. Bolli’s wear dried up by then. nevertheless, she chose to wear the used wear of Romda to clinch the smell and touch of his body wrapped to her. Romda called her: Come to kitchen. You're hungry. I’ll prepare a fine dish for you.
== No I'll do that. you tell me a very short quick menu.
== Ok. When in home let's do a quick Homelet. For which I've uprooted the vegetables.
== Homelet? Not Omelet. Nice. How?

Random Kookbook

X...Wives & Chefs tear  here to preserve...X
Homelet
Ingredients => Flour / rice powder / gram flour, egg yolk,  honey, garlic + ginger paste , tomtato, green onion, chilly, mint, coriander leaf and /or any leafy vegetable in proportion. all chopped, trimmed to convenient size.
How to do => Stir well in a pot with a spoon. to mix well in little olive oil with black salt and biospice powder. put the covered pan on an oven and bake all sides for 12 minutes.
X...Wives & Chefs tear  here to preserve...X
[Disclaimer: Check out Nutrition Facts before use. eat only on your perfect health condition, checked by a qualified medical practitioner and dietician. May be harmful if taken in constrained health, for which the author regrets his inability to remain responsible in any case. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
....  The Homelet was ready. Then they had a cuppa hot Tchi = tea + chia powder.
After the refreshment, Romda showed Bolli the large garden compound. The soil landscaped in such a way that flood water drained out quickly. Full of vegetables, flower and medicinal  plants and herbs for the bayurbedic experiments >> the seeds and plants already sent to Vudeep with Chakkar for plantation there and on the project ZS for Bigraha planet. This garden was maintained and managed by a commercial agency. that paid him a fat lump sum amount. as these herbs have great global medicinal demands. not available easily. This was one of his substantial source of income to sustain his Bayurbedic experiments and projects.

Intruder Skyfarers
....  Lori insisted to see his lab where he worked. she was irresistible. She herself hanged out to each and every room. darkened and apparently topsy-turvy in a mess. with broken furniture, dumps of papers uncleaned to dust and cobwebs. Bollori understood this is just a ploy to outwit any intruder, who might endanger his research and life. 
She grinned and said: I know your associates betrayed you several times in the past, so you still don't trust me! But I'm for you what you long for and didn't ever get; you still have doubts and hesitations over me? Ok, in the early morning, I'll leave.
Romda responded: Oh Lori, please don't be upset with me. Wait. wait. He looked thru Brazok. An image of a teenager girl and a boy duo rapidly flying intruded on screen, which Lori could not see but hear Romda asking somebody: Nabik, you've closely watched Lori for the last one year as you're watching her now. What's your opinion about her?
Lori heard a teenager boy’s voice:  She's unlike the previous ones. and quite beneficial for our projects. She's doing advanced research on space science for which we'll need her in future, especially when you might be out of contact indefinitely. Who will run our projects on the earth? We 2 will be out in other planets. and she has crossed our 6000% beneficial mark. Chakkar Chaki is to be finally tested yet. Why do you hesitate? Include her immediately in our Team, she’s benign and eager to work with us, what more?—is my opinion. Nabik’s point of view.
== And Nova, your opinion?
== She's genuine. Your H2SO4 has not only acidic crush on you, but also she is keenly interested in and quite conducive to our space odyssey projects. She is a researcher at the higher-level space science, to which we did not have any formal access, but only thru the distance learning process. Taking her will get me a friend I badly need; as you don't say, but also you may have multimate, but sadly need an ultimate companion, who will take care of you and everything in case of your absence. Nova smiled, hinting a naughty wink. 
== You prankster! He grinned at her naughty hint, How far you are now?
== Crossed over Haldia. Reaching you just in minutes. I'm dying to meet her! Nova responded.
....  Getting their positive propinion about Lori, Romda smiled and cleared Lori: Come along with me. He showed her in that torn up and apparently broken dusty lab, deranged, topsy-turvy, Looking like out of order and junk, but in fact most things were working fine. Medicinal projects he has undertaken to enhance the life expectancy of humans and creatures and his Sodhak pill was only a mask for his ultimate goal to invent Jibok pill to make humans immortal, at least long-living— changing or revitalizing their affected key body parts.
He showed her the novel power generation, water management system of the house and the compound recycling the biodegradable garbage. In another pitch- dark large circular room in the basement is shaped like space. Using his Brazok he projected on the wall and the concealed high ceiling, the constellation of a nearby universe and zeroed in on a planet named by Nova as Bigraha, where he and his team want to venture. Bigraha have been found to have the similar to earth climate and water, to set up a new a pollutricks-free civilization. free from mischievous evilization and devilization of humanity. a free new world to be and carefully natured and nurtured, as wisely planned by him farsightedly fruititiously and futrituously. Lori was excited as this was well within her etude of space science! She wanted to question and discuss the plausible feasibilities and technicalities in details, But a strange green flick of ray signaled in his Brazok.
Romda became very busy. He said: We'll discuss it later on. Now let's go on to the roof. 
....  Perplexed Lori followed him to the roof. She gripped him in the dark roof. The topmost roof was higher above the high / No other houses nearby. Surrounded by tall dense tree line. Stark dark roof. Several extra-large sized garden umbrellas remain unfolded there. Even in the deluge of today, a few lite chairs stationed under these. Romda quickly dragged Lori  under an dumbrella. She couldn’t guess who sit under these umbrellas in the desolate hamlet?
/ / | \ \  / / | \ \  / / | \ \  / / | \ \

....  Drizzling still. In a sudden lightening in the sky, Lori saw a teenager girl and a boy on the roof. Just folding to park their invisible Skyrover under the extra-large garden Umbrellas. Lori was just thrilled. Romda said softly: Lori, meet our team from the earth’s end, Nova and Nabik.
The girl came forward, hugged and gripped her hands: Hi Loridi, I'm Nova, and he's Nabik. Welcome to our Zer0Stan Project Team. We're from Vudeep.
Hi Loridi, Nabik greeted and grabbed her hands. A very warm Welcome to You in our Team!
Lori could only repeat being overjoyed: Hi, to greet them in utter amazement! Thank you all for inducting me in the Team. However, Romda told me nothing about you.
== Loridi, we know you must be very puzzled to meet us out of the cloud in this deluged stark dark night here! Nova tried to gauge her wonder, holding a hand of Lori.
== Frankly yours! I had not the faintest clue that you’ll appear out of the cloud now!
== Now when you're inducted into our Team, we'll share with you everything, Loridi. But first, let's disperse to downstairs fast. This place isn’t safe for us, due to surveillance from the above. Only the antenna sticks of these Dumbrella umbrellas distorting with misleading signals confusing, diverting and distracting the detectors from the above, guarding our heads here, cautioned Nabik, while all hurriedly descending downstairs to the basement.



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E


3.26.71
Chapter 71: Spacific SpurNova


Fresher’s Introsession
....  Downstairs in the room Romda queried Nova-Nabik: Any trouble over the voyage?
Nabik replied: Up to the south of Male islands, the voyage was smooth. But after Sri Lanka around the Andaman & Nicobar in Bay of Bengal we sailed into rough weather and had to dodge the tough surveillance of the spying agencies vying for the competing mega powers— who were disrupted due to the super cyclone— the advantage of which we were opting to land over here untraced. This deep depression will continue till day after tomorrow. we'll fly back to Vudeep taking all the essential commodities required for our space voyage from you, tomorrow night at 2 am. However, before tomorrow morning we'll take a chance to find out the Poet, who has left Ashapur. But again we’ll track him soon. And this time we won’t let him go out of sight. So that Hiyadi and you can meet him soon. Nabik charted.
....  It’s more needed for Hiya than me. Because apart from emotional factors, years ago last time the ailing poet unknowingly was a guest in Hiya’s hotel at Biswapur. Hiya found him when he was ailing and was in his subconsciousness. She could not imagine he would leave the hotel early in the morning! Hiya from Ushuaia, this time also had messaged me that she’ll meet him there soon. Now he has left Ashapur! Ashapur not very far from here. There’s a nice source of mineral rich spring water. You can remember once we had planned to get the water from there for our project of natural mineral water Jharnamrito.
....  Meanwhile Lori was minutely marking Nova to discover that she's a white girl—a few years junior to her— about the same age of Nabik—yet speaking Bangla fluently being habituated to talk to Nabik. 
== However, change your dress and be fresh first. You know everything here. Rather Lori is totally newcomer here, at least inside the home. Romda hinted, Lori grinned, as she had come outside of the house following Romda sneakily before this time once, though not remained unknown to Romda. 
....  Nova took her home wears to one of the washroom and said >> I'll gossip the whole night and day with Loridi, so many things to enlighten you and hear from you as well. 
Romda went to the kitchen to arrange for some food for all. Lori followed him: You need not do cooking while I'm here. you just show me where what is.
In the cookroom Romda was narrating the whole story of Nabik-Nova to Lori to quench her curiosity.
....  Being freshened, Nova and Nabik barged in the Kitchen. Nabik placed a bag of krill, for cooking a novel menu. Seeing the krill, Lori asked: What’s it? 
Romda exclaimed: Au. Euphausia Superba! Antarctic shrimp. the staple food of whales. Be cautious to omit its toxic elements before cooking.  how did you get it?
Nabik answered: We got it from an island’s rural barter mart near Madagascar we stopped over.
Nova assured him: Don’t worry, let me process and cook, as I do it often. taste it then you’ll say. 
Nabik came forward: Oh, Loridi, I'm so hungry. how long I've not taken any food. 
Lori was la-di-da: Nova, haven't you given him to eat? Ok, let's see what we can give you now. 
However, Nova wasn't that to be foxed by Nabik: Oh boy! Glutton! Just an hour ago before taking off at Vudeep, you took a full belly meal. Then again at that island mart we ate. Romda just see how your dear disciple will be going to voyage to distant planet Bigraha with me! However, now men stay out of the kitchen. I with Loridi will do the cooking. Nabik, you won't get anything more now until the dinner is prepared.
Say when time is ready
Eat when food is ready
Go when you are ready

== Come on Loridi, we’ve a hill of gossip swelling in our belly, also make you aware about our plans & programs.
== Loridi, just see how miser Nova is—to give me food. Think, can a meal remain unmelted flying over 9000 miles?
== Vudeep so far from here/ And you've flown over within an hour? Then what the Zer0Ferrier speed might be which I guess will fly even faster and fool the latest surveillance of today, remaining invisible? Nova you should give Nabik some food. He's come a long way and hungry.
== Eh, trickster Nabik, who drove? for the most part? it's me. Of course he manages everything. However, in Loridi's honor you're given your fav muri + cuppa of Romda’s brand of Varie-tea, that is Tchi.
== Oh muri + Tchi, how nice of you! Funtastic! How long time I'ven't eaten it!  Nabik was satisfied and satiated.
Everyone enjoyed his childish simplish gestures + words.
....  When the guru and his pupil left the kitchen to other room for their work, as their voyage was impending, the atmosphere in this planet was worsening day by day.
..  The situation calling on the doomsday
..  the earthquake overhauls the smooth soil
..  the deluge massacres the difference
..  between the land and the seafference
..  There is no surety of food and shelter
..  No intermission in clashes among 
..  the habitations of the peoples
..  No end of the cold wave & war
..  The sky here is gloomy
..  sunlight warning up raging in the hedge
..  celestial objects rushing to hit the earth 
....  After the men went to other room, Nova and Lori were free to erupt into girlic babbling: I didn't say in front of them, what's the torn and worn out faded-color skirt you're wearing? I'll buy some good fashionable wears for both  of you. Lori promised.
== Romda often bought for us. However, where and when shall we wear? Around several thousand miles radius of Vudeep, there's none to look at us amidst forests and waters. So we don't have to wear anything there excepting in winter snow. Completely au natural over there. We're habituated in that. Here wearing makes us uncomfortable as unaccustomed. if you've to live there permanently, you'll also not feel well in attire. She grinned implicitly at Bollori. 
== Eh ma, staying nude! That's quite impossible for me. {Rearly Bollori swallowed her smiles remembering her nude sinscenes here just some time before}. The world is amazing. Where you were a tiny white girl, and now you’re clearly an integral  part of Romda's brainchild project at remote Vudeep, with our local whizkid Nabik, the whizard! 
== Yes. That's quit incredible story I sometimes don't believe myself. Nova continued >> while they were processing the cool Antarctic krill shrimp, she precalled her  real story stranger than fiction: I was just a kid then—
== Still you are, Bollori interrupted, go on.
== Not at all. I'm 17 now. 3 months older than Nabik. 
== Yes, I have heard from Romda your story from your childhood just a while ago. you now tell me how the project is going on at Vudeep, about which, I still am in the dark, as Romda hasn’t said me anything yet about it, probably due to precaution from his past experience. 
Nova grinned and proceeded => How could we say you earlier? You’re finally inducted into our team only today. However, after Nabik and I had decided firmly to settle at Vudeep and do the project with Romda, the progress of the project geared fast + steadily. We made Brazok. utilizing the local materials there, as guided by Romda.
== But how to drive out the pirates? I had asked Romda.
== You simply divert the signals in their equipment to redirect them toward some Military bases of the powerful countries operating in the Indian Ocean and Southern Ocean. Being misguided, that will divert the pirates’ fleet to those bases, as I’ll point you out, only to be destroyed by the super powers. You need not fight and spend your ammunition. Keep it intact for the harmful aliens. 
In addition to that, you press the Misty weapon to create the cloudy hedge and mist around your Vudeep isle leading to zero visibility whenever needed, which will foil the invaders from the surface and above. Actually, that happened. We diverted the signals so that the pirate Wang Gang and his gang mistakenly attacked some powerful country’s naval base on the Indian Ocean, and were demolished by them instantly.
== But what about your education?
== Romda arranged for our education from an African University Distance Learning Program and connected us to learned professors in Russia, Japan, China, India, Germany, France and US, who didn’t know about our actual location.
== Wonderful! Now tell me about the projects at hand. 

Spacific Spur-Nova
== As you had anchored our Washington Meet of the UniEarth Club, you know our aims and objects. Now you're to know our work pattern and projects.
== Yes. Go on. Bollori was working on the oven.
== Responsibilities amongst us are divided. Romda invents as per his plans and chalk out new projects, make necessary arrangements and procure the materials needed for the projects here and get the lesser important parts manufactured at our Nicobar Coir Mill. He is our team leader who pilots and oversees all our projects and notice if any glitch is there and coordinates and contacts with the outer world of science and technology. If any special problem nagging there, he tries to get any specialist opinion and logistic support hiding the real project, from his friends and contacts in the UniEarth Club. Most of our secondary tests are outsourced to outside reputed labs. They submit us the results. We do only the few very important secret tests and makes like the Zer0ferrier, Brazok, Anon, Nirvana, Bombanu etc. Nabik makes all the calculations into reality and manufactures all the hardware needed mostly indigenously at our Vudeep base. I make all the operating systems and get it into multiple tests and pilot the mission. We mostly finance the mission from the hidden treasure of the ancient Indian merchant along with the pirates funds invested in the Share Bazaar by Romda thru Pornoda’s firm, of which Romda is the major partner.
== Does Pornoda know about project ZS?
== He knows about the financial affairs only. Knows nothing about the project. Chakkar Chaki is our overall assistant in all 3 places and all over the world and the skies—utilizing his alien extraterrestrial ability to travel to anywhere anytime in moments yet remaining invisible. tho he has not passed yet to be finally inducted into our team.
We are carrying several sub projects in Vudeep, where we base an unpolluted ecofriendly sphere of environmental activities. There, air water cultivation, trees, plants, herbs — all purified and grown in a natural way to preserve the bio diversity. All these are done mostly by Dhora, a primordial  woman who was alive thousands of years ago and, as we're mostly busy with our scientific projects and most importantly with our impending main Project — Zerostan or ZS. 
== Strange! how could Dhora come after millenniums!?
== That's another marvel by Romda. Chakkar, who you see in the BangaSudha table, has the extraterrestrial ability to regenerate life even to a long-dead person. At first, he relived a caveman called Dahuamano. So Romda wanted Chakkar to relive the primordial woman, dead millenniums ago, who was later named Dhora (earth).
== How Dhora is doing for the project?
== She's extremely laborious and intelligent too. In fact, all the cultivation and environmental projects, plants, herbs, microbes and all other natural materials needed for the Bayurbedic project Zer0stan are nourished by her. While we're busy to make the spacecraft Zer0ferrier itself,  at times we noted that she became sad and lethargic. We understood that it was because she felt alone. She needed her mate. The primordial man Dahuamano was at a very distant tiny island on the mid Atlantic ocean between Africa and South America.  As we wished him to partner with Dhora, Dahua was brought to Vudeep by Chakkar by sea surfing, during nighttime en route thru remote area of the ocean, to avoid being detected. Now they’re collaborating to work together extremely well. 
....  We will field the duo to live in the planet Bigraha and spread newly planned human civilization over there— to be seeded by them and later on by their descendants—to spread a pollution-free flawless world there in a Bayurbedic way. Romda says Bayurbed is to use nature in naturely ways. If you use it in unnatural way, it will produce unnatureal repercussions, as of now.
== But why didn’t we get the project publicized backed and funded by any government, ngo or any world organization?
== This time we don’t need any funding. As the huge fund, encashed from the pirated wealth + the wealth of Dhanaraj Sadagor could not be used for any worthier cause than this. And if we did publicize it, all the wealth would have been snatched from us by the secret agents or by the pirate Wang Gang, killing us all.
      Secondly, you know any government or big organization’s scientific activities are mostly over controlled by some high profile officials + envious scientists in connivance with powerful governmental clout and  big multinationals, who block any new potential scientific invention by some unknown scientists—if they can’t control that or fail to become the part of that. no new inventive project can bypass their invisible blockade, without lobbying with the governmental heads. From the next time may be we shall have to hire lobbyists for our future projects. if we succeed on this project it will lobby for us.       
== I understand now. Nevertheless, we'll need sophisticated mechanisms and weapons in case to combat with the violent ETs or crooked powers.
== Yes, as Romda said =>
Big powers’ encounters are open 24×7
Peace counters also touted to be open
but do not function on working hours

Lol
So for any of our space project in future, we have already manufactured these avatars to save ourselves on the space fare. As we’re to run where there’s no border, no fence.
Where there is no fence
may be often subjected to offence
to be objected by defense

You’ve already used Girland & Cosmirror and know Brazok. The rest of the devices are here on screen for you to check it out. Meanwhile I finish the cooking.
....  Bollori found the avatars and piction on the screen:
# Sunbeam & Moonbeam = These beamers will hang on any sky location to lighten dark sky, shaped as Sun and Moon to reflect or reradiate their light.
# Pong Bomb = Emitting staunch dirt stench to disperse the challengers.
# Moshak = Very tiny mosquito like stinging missiles. 
# Dumbrella = The blurring umbrella [Lori saw it with Romda first in Mexico, then shielded under which she reached this house, but could not sniff then —the higher  version of the same she saw on the roof here.]—to hide from  being detected, fired or hijacked. its  ribs work as antenna & may be turned to  deadly Dumbrella Missiles  as well as revise the gravitations of that area, when landing in distant planets. Activities of radars, detectors, sensors, and visions of enemies will be blurred and dumbed around it.
# Namaschar = Offering namaskar or salutation and friendship, yet watching with anonymous, and undetected roving machines, spying like eagles and bees around the land, water, underwater and sky across any other planet or star— to collect information with gadgets shaped as mosquito, worm, leaf, fruit, flower and tree.
# Zer0Ferrier = FarFerrier or Shunyojan. At our Vudeep factory, we are manufacturing the Zer0Ferrier spacecraft in the last stage, which will carry us to the planet Bigraha, or to any other star. The minor parts are manufactured at our Nicobar coir Mill premises run by the tribal of a small Nicobar Island near somewhere in the extreme south of the islands—from where it is advantageous to sail or fly to Vudeep in the dark. This super bird shaped knotty cordy ZeroFerrier unlike any other conventional ferrier, will be able to remain invisible and undetected to all whenever needed and surface whenever needed — negotiating with the negative effects of gravitations, cosmic rays, electromagnetic and other waves and debugging germs, with the constant generation of energy, fuel, food, medicines from the rays and the atmosphere. With it important bio seeds, genome, amoebas, bacteria, microbes, humans, animals, plants, shrubs, corns, art, culture, music, science, philosophy, literature, history, medicine, of earth will be carried to culture and seed  there. 
# Misty = About which already she knew. 
# Anon = Apparently the ring in Romda's right hand ring finger is a very simple unsuspecting cheap diamond ring, which he claimed a childhood gift from his mother to correct his bad luck, is in fact just to hoodwink the secret agencies and the curious people. In fact, it is a leaning high powered ray transmissile, which can ring and encircle like a garland and pierce any rocky star targeting to be blown up and effaced. It will instantly autogenerate and scatter very powerful tiny mirror rings in the sky and sent to destroy the enemy, years away, at the super-lightning speed. Anonymous unseen & highly intelligent & uncertain weapon commixing bionic brain, material and mental sources. which can think, decide on the spot correctly. connecting with our brain and acting as per our wish and direction saving the lives and atmosphere discerningly. which can look through and beneath the stones, surfaces, walls, caves, clouds and waters, can also very correctly distinguish who is friend and who is enemy — analyzing their brain and act according to that automatically. 
# Bombanu = Very small in shape. maximum the shape of lentils, microbes bomb weapon Bombanus in case to combat with bio microbomb attack by ETs, as well as rapid converting agents of climatic change and working force and army consisting of microbes, allergy, bacteria, virus created by taking the extraterrestrial chromosomes and microbes also collected from Chakkar Chaki. We had operated upon him at Vudeep lab and found, as he was an ET alien, he was actually having neither X nor Y Chromosomes, and genes of him are quite different from the Earth's male or female varieties. So he could not be transformed to a woman as of now as he wished. Meanwhile, we extracted from him the bionic elements and useful microbes, chromosomes, genes and bacteria, congenial for making humans longer life, strength, and eliminated the satanic harmful elements. We also collected from him, his power to remain invisible without being detected by anyone or any machine and remain unaffected by any gravitation or radiation in the space, while coming and going here & there to the netherworld or to the stars in moments, which will help us in our projects congenial for the wellbeing of the world.   By that operation, we had made it certain that he cannot covert his countenance as a Futchuku again so that he can be saved from the surreptitious watch of the Futchuku chieftains above and evade the wrath of being their target. In addition, by the favorable microbes extracted from him we are now capable of culminating instantly the innumerable bio bacteria army to cultivate and change the climates of Bigraha and any planet very fast to be congenial for humans to live there.
# Jibok = To increase the longevity of human life which is camouflaged as Sodhak pill diluted in bangasudha elixir, has been experimented constantly by Romda on himself, as he wished not to endanger the life of any other with his experiments. It not only aims to make wo/man live as long as s/he wants to live, but also using exceptional microbes sourced from Chakkar and other sources, it aims to make Jibok man & woman who will have durable and easily replaceable body and brain parts not to be endangered by any disease, virus attack, radio activity and ultraviolet and cosmic ray, fire, gravitation, bomb burst. So that >>>s/he can walk on water and under water and beneath the deep soil. can be invisible. can fly to the outer space. who have mechanical ability of human brain and heart + combined power of human intelligent brain + mechabrain. will have strength to move a hill…. We hope the future siblings of Dhora+Dahua to be Jiboks.
{Lori mulled if she had known about this Jibok scheme earlier today, she would like to have a tailor made designer Jibok baby with Romda. So, will try next time.}
# Nirvana = Romnis Pundit’s Bayurbedic theories’ main proposition is— when everything in the cosmosphere is the variation of the development from the rays (kiron) and radiation (bikiron) of sun or of any other star or planet— which is the basis of life and matters in earth or in any planet, asteroids or comets— so everything can be produced from the rays applying and reversing the naturely process and transformation in the ways of the nature. Rays are to be stored, multiplied, replicated, reflected, energized and beautilized. to be utilized to generate food, weapons, ray missiles, spacecraft or any many things. Our ray missiles—which are made with extremely concentrated rays—can burn the enemy installations in faraway stars in a very short time— to get the enemy their Pori nirvana to be united with the deathgod with love.
# Kholos = Cobweb like superfine lightweight spacesuit to protect from cosmic rays and microwaves, extreme temperatures, space viruses, gravitations, collisions. It collects and converts food and drinks from rays and lights, yet itself lights fire. waterproof. damage proof. can fly with the spacenaut in the space without any spacecraft. can defend the wearer form any attack. can attack coordinating with brazok, anon, nirvana, bombanu, mashak.
[Claimer: ©  All Rights Reserved by the Author. All the above ideas are conceived, and customized by the Author, and cannot be used or plagiarized, either by changing the names, or in any form,  any media anywhere by anybody and any means. Source: Wanderer's Wordrobes.] 
....  Reading the descriptions, the first thing stuck to Bollori’s mind: Are these possible! How Wanderer got this data to be included in the Wordrobes? Then how the data to be protected from the data thieves?
== To keep it secured, to save ourselves from all the prowling bulligans, all the data of our Bayurbedic inventions, space projects, are coded symbolically hands free only signaled, as we will wish. Which can be decoded only apart from Romda, by Nabik, me and from now you, in case of need. Nova answered.
== I also guessed that. But after being confirmed by you I won't let Romda dangerously experiment on himself on human immortality project Jibok, shadowed under the nickname Sodhak pill. I'll experiment on myself rather. Bollori wished.
== Oh boy! so much you love him! Chuckling Nova continued, that's very welcoming. We also wished that. Among the crowd, he is alone. As we 2 live in the distant Vudeep. Of course, he’s no more alone now after you’ve joined in the squad. However, please do not forget Nabik and Me were catalyst in your case. As without our thumbs up, Romda doesn't do anything! Nova reminded.
== That I saw myself just sometime back. You're a precocious islander Lass! Lori adored pressing her cheeks; Nabik has churned your head I understand!
Lol
I'll also go with you to Bigraha. Bollori insisted. 
== Loridi, don't whine and be irrational. You know very well that it requires how much long-term preparation and planning and rigorous allout training. This time if you also whine to go with us, who will be here to look after our projects to control them in the earth? As our program to take off the project ZS is fixed— to take the positional advantage of the earth and the stars on the day of start. If we fail to take off that day, we will lose huge sums and miss that particular advantageous position of stars, which will again come after 3 years hence, which may snail our project. You have cleared to become included in our team. Nevertheless, Chakkar has yet to clear his last observation. 
...However, now food ready. More on other time. You cannot assimilate all our missiles at one go. Call the men for dinner. It is already 2 o'clock. Today all of us had a toiling time. We need to sleep. Rains have again started torrential. 



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.27.72
Chapter 72: Darning Dear Heartmosphere


Return of the Artraveler
....  Years ago Somidh had decided to quit the line of scriptwriting and directing plays, to be a fulltime painter. As in theater or film line, he menterrogated, one has to arrange and please others being dependent on manybody including producer, distributor, censor, spectators, exhibitors, technicians, editors, theaters, players and the media reviewers — to be able to launch a production of mediocre melodramatic bubbles to reach the viewers, that he was tired of. As =>
People often are fooled
by the hypes of greatness
created by media-bubbles

....  His menternality had undergone a sharp change after visiting the location of the river dale at Valukchera that time meeting the local people, who were simple but independent.  They could do as they pleased. So why should he remain bandaged under the boundage of so many people in the rented entertainment world? He mulled:
As entertainment is rented antic
in the rentertainment mart
to be popular it demands to be
more or less melodramatic

....  So, he decided to live on his original love as an independent artist. Because only here he can live and proceed freely voiding and avoiding any sort of theocratic, ideocratic, religious, political, commercial, cultural and artistic bossing, groupism, sycophancy, dictation and premonition. And he can remain self-determining artist only as a painter. Therefore, he didn't hesitate to forsake his prospect as a director or playwright to pursue his original passion for painting since his childhood, autonomously.
....  Back home after a long stint in abroad, he looked back at that turning point of his life, when one after another moving visions of that juncture of past times drifting in processcenes to and fro on his mind:

M o v i s i o n  1
 ….  Shrota deplored his decision and tried to dissuade him from forsaking his direction of theater, movie venture and script writing. She argued: Now painting has emerged as your first love. But don’t give up direction and scriptwriting, as you have the capacity to carry on these also with your painting. See how Punditda manages so many things at the same time?
== I ain’t Romnis Pundit, Somidh grinned, Horrus Omnibilis! He is quite different. I ain’t jack of all trades!
== So you say he’s master of none? Shrota contested.
== When have I said that? I don’t know if he’s master of anything. I don’t have the interest and time to know. I simply said — I  a i n’t  j a c k  o f  a l l  t r a d e s. As I can’t target several things to achieve at a time.
== Why care your critricks and frenemies? They malinterpreted you. Shrota advised.
Somidh negated her advice =>
Some people didn't understand
some misunderstood
Many didn't want to understand
And who understood me a bit
have always kept mum willingly

But I’m not atouched by that, as I don’t bother. On the contrary, at the same time I’m grateful to them—as for their negative criticism and apathy I could choose and zero in on my single target => Painting—> pruning direction and scriptwriting mercilessly—> to become independent from their approach + reproach and go on my own way fully. As—>
To be full to fulfeel
determine yourself not to be
half empty half full


M o v i s i o n  2
…  Before breaking up with the team, that was on the last lap of his hang out with his friends and associates there, who didn't even, had the faintest hint, that he was quitting the group and direction forever. in addition, he had gotten a little chance to participate in a workshop on painting in Paris and would be leaving the country soon.
     He premembered then the campfire night without camp without fire, in cold dark drowsy night, distancing a little away from the Joydeb Fair ground. On his insistence, instantly self-choreographed dance of his friends were performed. one by one. in the empty cornfield after the harvesting was over. ….. The field was dark. Covered with a dark gray wrapper Murtiman appeared running from distance like a very large bat. sounding background music in his own mouth was a funtasy! … At the crowded Joydeb fairground soiree, they were amused to discover that a funny young man was dancing peculiarly with the bauls in yellow robes. Though the man could not trace them from among the crowd. And so engrossed was he / that them he couldn’t see.
....  Back from Joydeb fair at Kenduli, they met Swaha, Lipi, and Murtiman’s wife Tulip in Shantiniketan. They could not get any suitable accommodation in houseful little hotels at Joydeb to go there with their partners— who didn’t require any accommodation there. And then the women were to leave reluctantly for Kolkata that day leaving their partners, to join in their jobs as their holidays were over. 
....  After there Murtiman, Protit, Sarol and Somidh came to Jhargram, a town pleasantly shaded that time by long Sal trees, covered by history / and layered by sylvan mystery. They visited a farmhouse away from the town. very secluded place. The farm had rare collection of plants, herbs, cactus and flowers in the fertile red soil. very secluded. solitary. closely guarded by security. and a pack of gray hounds. They guessed over if killed here, as in the detective stories, and dumped in the underground covered narrow deep drains, nobody would be able to trace them. The owner Brozo Sundar Das was even more mysterious. a  slow and little spoken. short- stature.  sturdy man. middle aged. living alone. with his brigade of dogs. and security guards. His wife and siblings died long ago. murdered. A few suspected him. Yet nobody knew really why and how. He seemed to be an expert on plants and plantations. They saw his nursery and had discussions on plantations with Protit and Sarol. Brozo Sundar used conventional chemical fertilizers and pesticides for agriculture. Nevertheless, when Somidh crossed him about the alternative biochemic and organic fertilization to reduce pollution, he was angry and out rightly dismissed it. as bogus. and useless. and ineffective. and unimportant. and reduction of pollution was not his priority. Therefore, they could understand he was unaware of this subject.
....  Outside the farmhouse Murtiman informed Somidh: Looook Midh, thru your goggles you hinterrogated Mr. Das like a detective so much, that he was fumbling angrily at you to safeguard himself. he could have let loose his pack of gray hounds on you! It seems he knows nothing about bio and organic mucks.
Lol
....  Leaving Jhargram, they reached Nabadwip. They were staying beside the Ganga. in an ashram modelled in the ancient Vedic style of living and learning of young guru-disciple system. Chanting of hymns in sweet melodious female voice began at dawn. Young lads in dhoti. memorizing Sanskrit shlokas in groups. in unison. Ashramite vegetarian food. religious  rituals before the fire god Agni.  They bathed and swam in the river. On the riverside the rampaging band of monkeys eating out the groundnuts from the cultivations, nailing from the underground. the farmers watching helplessly.
....  Nabadwip had remained the great center of learning for Sanskrit and Baishnab scholars, being the birthplace of Sri Chaitanya Mahapravu, the founder of Gaudiya Baishnabism. His worldwide followers nowadays throng there to celebrate his birthday on the full moon day, along with Doljatra and Raas Utsab of Radha-Krishna every year.
      As the long procession of overwhelmingly foreigner disciples from around the world on the ancient narrow street, singing, dancing, and chanting the name of Radhakrishna and Sri Chaitanya were proceeding, they were onlooking standing beside the street. And no mistake, that young man was also dancing with the white foreigner women followers there. And so engrossed was he / that them he couldn’t see.
....  Ferrying the boat in the afternoon they visited the Mayapur temple crossing the Ganga. In the evening there was going on mass holy kirtan singing with dancing. It was like a frenzy and trance. as all the viewers were tempted to join into kirtan singing and dancing and hopping and shaking in the wide floor. They controlled themselves. however, they were amused to discover that the amusing young man whom they had seen previously at the Joydeb Fair ground dancing peculiarly with the bauls in yellow robes, was dancing here too vigorously with some foreign white female adherents of Sri Chaitanya. Though the man could not trace them from among the crowd. And so engrossed was he / that them he couldn’t see...... Later on they heard from Sarol that the man was none but Omni Pundit’s one adherent named Chakkar Chaki.
....  Back in the ashram after dinner, they were on the balcony. Somidh was singing after a long time, insisted by his friends as the last night with them before his departure. Then started a heavy downpour. Moreover, over the Ganga, simultaneously it was thunder striking and lightening every moment then. with severe storm ransacking and breaking the trees branches and tweeds on the wide river and dale. 
Somidh beautilized this propertunity painting the scenerama in paper and brush.
The electricity connection severed abruptly. Their brainstorm /  if they had seen in the past / such furicious rainstorm! However, this natureal calamity waved their heart inundated with joy. They urged Somidh to continue his singing. And Somidh went on with his nonstop singing until the rainstorm stopped and they slept. 
....  In the morning it was bright & sunny. There was no sign of the past day’s rampaging rainstorm. The broken branches and twigs blocking the main road were removed. Really
It is difficult to realize
yesterday's cloudy prequel
seeing today's shining sequel

Face to Face with Alter Ego
....  Lapsing considerable time, it turned the full circle—after those rainbow days and nights. Returning home from Europe this time, Somidh went to Bangladesh as he had foretold to Bollori. First from Dhaka to the seaside of Chattogram. then from Cox’s Bazaar to St Martin’s  Island. That time Bangladesh was passing through a transition period marked with the unrest of bitter struggle between more or less the similar kind of battle between the hardliners and moderates in the Islamic World. There were days after days strikes and blockade of roads and street violence. Artist Tanbir Rahman Karno had called his Paris mate Somidh Som to Chattogram, Rangamati and Cox’s Bazar. However, Karno himself became busy in organizing protests of the generation Y and students against the supporters of the culprits of the genocide makers during the independence struggle of Bangladesh. In that war of independence by the guerrilla warriors of Bangladesh with the active help of the Indian soldiers, it is said that about 3 millions of people were killed including the prominent writers and liberal intellectuals, and innumerable women were raped by the subjugating army, with the fundamentalist hooligans, only due to the love of the people for their mother language Bangla, which acted as the prelude to free their new country Bangladesh from the occupants. Then after several decades of trials in different national and international courts, the new generation were demanding the mass murderer hardcore leaders’ execution.
....  In another prequel, 11 people were martyred in Bangla Language Movement of Barak Valley in Assam, at Silchar, India, being killed by the State police on 19 May 1961. 
Some people act brave
in their own interests
Bravest are those
who risk their lives selflessly
in the interest of the people

As the classic martyrs of Bangladesh and Barak Valley. 
In scores of poems and songs, this sentiment of the new generation of people widely reflected. He heard one such song in the Cox’s Bazar Book Fair:
Bangla Wellness

To Bangla some people have been indolent
Still countless youths pledged on the plaza
The new generation won’t let them forget

Bangla wellness is seeded in belief
Yet slayers map blood-thirsty trap wreaking grief
Crows aim palm’s fall  Faith engine sways in gust
Kingfishers flyback land  Fakers of faith fish
in upset waters
 ,, upset waters

Siren honeysea of ever-happiness in heaven lures
Yet rainbow of joy grief love in own land endears
Golden peaks ^^ daunting bay haunting Sundarban
The critical cockle shoved on sand
dying for  w~a~v~e~s  of the o~c~e~a~n
hears the crucial call to liven

....  From the world’s longest natural sea beach in Cox’s Bazaar, he reached Teknaf to board on the vessel Keyari Sinbad. The other side of the Naf river borders with Myanmar having panoramic scenerama greeneries and pagodas on view. His cruise over the Nile overcast his muse then. Sailing the scenic journey on the Bay of Bengal for some time, he landed in the St Martin coral Island. [Patch => The small white beach is only about 6 km long × about 1 km wide.  easily coverable on foot. blue water. plantations of coconut. from where you buy fresh coconut-water cheap. over peoplated by tourists. ample hotels and restaurants. delicious seafood. ecofriendly turtle projects. fishing main occupation of the inhabitants. untouched by the last big tsunami. Source: Wanderer’s Wordrobes.]
....  Crowded by tourists, he veered around from Uttarpara on the north tip to the south village of Dakkhinpara to the west side and went to Chera dwip, a smaller island detached by the high tide. On fishing boat, he sailed around the panoramic coastlines of Myanmar. He walked from sunrise on the east coast to sunset on the west coast. lavish nature. sunny.
[ Sun O rise at 7.09 am. set at 4:55pm. Hours of sunlight: 9 hours 46 minutes].
The blue sea all around. abundant wind. coconut palms. corals. dark evening and night.
[ Moon  )  rise at 8:41 pm set at 6:39 am].
....  Whispering ocean wind. Simply spend the breathing time mingling with the sound of the wind. Nothing more. Nothing less. He could not sense how the few days of his life simply vapored very easily there in the fishing village… with the egg-laying olive ridley turtles and corals… in the star-studded black nights. sitting on the shore… winding up the self… hearing his own breathing interspersing with the ocean wind. without any tension or contension like the early times humans or perhaps when those corals had been growing. 
They let you stand face to face with yourself
to talk to your alter ego mutely
They let you stand in front of you
questioning your real you
about your past present future
your aims and aspirations
your gloom boom & doom

....  They let him stand in the cycle store as a pumper boy. pumping up the customer’s bicycles. working in his family cycle repairing stores in the past. in fact he had been pumping up his future... One day in the middle school in his drawing book, he drew a bicycle. to which his classmate next to him drawn attention of the class teacher. who sarcastically showed his drawing to the whole class. who jeered and booed him. that day he resolved to be an artist in the future. which was his real place. he lookbacks now with wonder how he could deviate from his original position of art. and gone diverted to the theater and scriptwriting line! … That time pumping up the eroded memories—he was not being able to reconstruct any scenes fully—even just for once—from his past—that he had spent with his parents brothers and sisters, friends, near, dear and undear ones. Now there is none of them with him. At times, he wishes to get back just a sequence with the lost ones for a while… Only his long breathe responded, exhaled from his chest diffused with the howling winds of the dark night ocean…

Darning Dear Heartmosphere
....  From Saint Martin’s Island, having no clue where Shrota was, Somidh instinctively came to Biswapur, as Bollori had told him in Paris. Though herself staying then at Biswapur, Shrota didn’t know that Somidh had come to Biswapur in search of her. Just as a blank try, she phoned to OP at BangaSudha, as he could know the whereabouts of Somidh.
== Horribilis! Romda informed Shrota, you donno, Somidh has gone to Biswapur to draw ocean pictures?
....  In search of Somidh, Shrota stopped over 1 day in the Tea Circle—the once fav hangout of Romnis Pundit—now also the patronizer of the local intelligencias. However, frustrated. Somidh wasn’t found. Then 1 day while returning from her on duty visit, she by chance discovered from the uphill road that far down the seaside, Somidh was drawing! As she got down from her vehicle and wanted to watch him from above to give him a surprise silently, suddenly a large loose boulder being scot free with her touch, began rolling down towards Somidh! Baffled she got scared and cried at the top of her voice => S-o-m-i-d-h! move away quickly. Rolling Stone will hit you! However, the roars of sea neutralized her scream from far. And on the beach from down, her partner—the unaware heartner Somidh, didn't notice her above. As the sound of the rolling stone reached him late, was he perplexed to evade the imminent death  moment?
....  However, in the last moment, he slipped out somehow and the stone rolled down to be stuck in the beach sand. He again backed to his work.
In minutes, a constable in khaki approached him with a grin => Sir, you're under arrest.
Amazed Somidh wondered => What's my sin under the sun?
== That I can't say. my boss'll tell you.
== Your boss?
== The District Magistrate. Ok I'm carrying your canvass. Please follow me.
Above the road, the cop deposited him to the backseat of the zeep where Somidh was dumb in awe to discover his beaming wonder Shrota.=> Hello Mr. Artist, how I've surprised you?
== I’m not an artist but heartist to you. Really, this is not only a surprise! This is surprize to me!!
== Why so unmindful?  The boulder was falling and you were dazed should I move? Darn goof! What should I do with you? The magistrate in Shrota wanted explanation. 
== Throwing me in the water you zip up to home. He paid her with her same dialogue. 
== Oh, you're paying me back with my dialogue years back on the bank of the river dam at Valukchera, very clever, eh? However, really that first night changed my life.
== Where are you leading me now? To the jail? He grinned.
== To my home jail. As I need you badly. She grabbed his hands. Acquire which you require. I will acquire you, Artist.
== Ok. I getta go wherever you getta me to go. Call of  open heart. that's why I've come to you again. Because =>
The significant work for a person
is to find out and connect with the
most conducive persons in one’s life

And it is my luck / that you here I pluck.
Then abruptly changing his pitch he poked: Though/ I yet don't know / if you've yet found your conducive / man or still in search of him / from among your fleet of devotees?
Shrota pushed him punishing: You prankster, amusing with me again, like that ghost night of Valukchera, eh? Shall I go away then? Then remembering bygone days she observed
== Like those days you’re still out and out an introvert. 
Somidh responded with a signature smile:
I'm an introvert, at the same time
out and out an outrovert too

....  After a few days of thorough menterrogations together and soul searching, the soul mate soulitarians worked out in a solitary place, to find a way to plug the possible loopholes, which usually torment the live-in couples, resulting in separation. On the key problems they menterrogated and found answers themselves =>
(*!*)  Are they free to choose any other sex partners?
(°Tº)  Both of them agreed whatever her mother might think, they are flexible to ménage a trois, threesome or multiple sexual partners, if any one or both of them opt for polygamy in place of monogamy, to kill boringness of the same thing day after day, facing the same face again x again.
(*!*)  Will they be open to leave some buffer space for their personal sauntering, or bound by possessive boundage of bondage? 
(°Tº)  They are open to go on their own way liking, thinking, choice, life style, space and shun the habitual possessiveness of each other.
(*!*)  When one needs the other will they get each other?
(°Tº)  Whenever they will need each other to come near or go far, they can do it. When one needs the other, s/he can come to the other, if the other has no objection. 
(*!*)  How will they translate their plan into practice regarding connection and disconnection? Both yes and no at the same place and time?
(°Tº)  They decided to remodel Somidh’s ancestral building to turn into a landscaped house to be designed by Somidh, having 2 separate suits on 2 sides of a pond. The side with Somidh will house his Independent School of Art >> (independent of any religionism, sectarianism, politicisms and commercialism) for the new generations. The pond in natureal artmosphere will have a lily Shaluk pool, connected by a little bridge. which will connect as well as disconnect Somidh with Shrota. as they will wish individually or jointly when to meet and when not. each having different space, needed to linger their relationship longer. As to both of them: 
If it is love
it should be of each and everyday
like that of the first day

(*!*) Still, if it doesn’t linger, if repeatedly humdrum drudgery of the same type of day any and night, cast cloud over their relationship? what they will do? 
(°Tº)  Well, then their agreed principle:
Not knotty yet naughty hotty tie or bye bye
If partnership doesn’t click
then affably bid adieu
to become strangers as before
you didn’t know each other!



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E


3.28.73
Chapter 73: AuRevoir BangaSudha


I go to tree
....  Last day in his cozy causy crazy home bed. now as of that time before his departure, he was writing coded notes for Bollori, Nova and Nabik, for only them to decipher.
He was to leave his home and land for long to a sadventure, as he was being constantly shadowed here and there by secret agents of his invisible enemies, from the aliens, Futchukus, or of some of the superior powers, as well as from the local handlers of the smugglers deputed by the foreign band of pirate Wang Gang. He would try himself hiding out in some other distant place. Stationing here Bollori would be replacing him to deal with the commercial contractual managers as well as to direct the projects.. Meanwhile he would have to find out alternative house and property arrangements, anyhere or anythere in the world, leaving this habitatmosphere at least, for a long time, or may be for good. Here getting appropriate land soon was very tough. Chakkar was in search of some acres of land in seclusion, near or in Bhutan or in some remote land. However, not till then finalized. Bollori will have to take over. So at the departing hour with a heavy heart he stopped over in his landscaped arbor for the last time. He neared himself to his dear flower plants and wide variety of herbicides, crucial for his bayurbedic ventures. He had the classical raga music playing systems there, conducive for the harmonious growth of plants with the tunes, tuned to the nature.
....  OP as if heard from his ancestral village the high time hitting on the hanging heavy hand bell disc with hammer at the Swapanpur outpost reaching him reverberating far across the oceans... Dhong... Dhong... Dhong...  Time is up... coming ...I'm coming......He was musing mutely.
Leaves fallen can go back to the root
cannot go back to the branches left

As he cannot return and retain the ways he has crossed. He noticed ripe guavas fallen on the ground. rotting. worms assimilating them to earth… he’s watching. Might be he’s going to fall? will rot. his enemy worms will assimilate him to nowhere. who’ll watch his looming fall?... Lastly he stopped over in front of the big Arjun—Terminalia Arjuna tree. rubbed his palm fondly in its bark. There his sighing moments of introception:
I go
to tree
when i'm sad
I can't tell any one I go to tree
Trees do not return the stress
even when in distress
I play
with
the
leaves
The
leaves
play
let me
play
but
do not
foul
play
with
me
When
sad
I can't
tell
anyone
I go to
tree


Omni Pundit's Fizza 30
== Corvus splendens! What the hell is that? Oh, Punditda please don’t bugaboo our heads with your scientious fizza. Unman sordid. We ask you, you always tell tall tale. Wherefrom did you get this habit, guru?
== Who was your guru? Suhit sleazy to crack the riddle.
== Horribilis! Unman, howling hanuman—Macaca Fascicularis, I’ve already told u my guru’s name —Corvus splendens. You don’t like it?  must have a gorgeous name, eh? well you may call his good name is Swami Kakananda. Not was, but is.
== How Kakananda looks like? Masuma was curious, where is his ashram?
== Suma, his complexion is coal-black.  No ashram needed for him. He’s found everywhere in the world. As in the east. also found in the west. north. south. Everybody sees him everyday.
== But we’ve’nt heard him ever! Suhit doubted.
== You ass, Equus Africanus from Africa, does everybody not everyday hear crowing ka ka?
== You mean crow or kak is Corvus splendens, aka Swami Kakananda? Unman exploded into laughter with all.
== Well, why Swami Kakananda is your gurudeb? Suhit tickled. 
== Horribilis! Instead ask why not everybody's? Don’t trifle common crows—Corvus splendens and also Passer domesticus—sparrows, as they’re seen almost everywhere until now. As crows are adjustable to hot cold fair and rough weather. also, have the capacity to be aggressive if needed. can be found allwhere. They eat pollution and garbage and help the people with cleansing the surroundings. They should be left to clean the trashes left by the climbers in the Himalayas, the north and south poles and everywhere. And crowing? For self-publicizing / whatta cheap grand app of constant crowing / its disciple people have copied from the crow / on the grow / for gaining success— I couldn’t succeed as I lacked miserably only crowing, OP rued. 
Lol
== Oh, Punditda—the disciple of Swami Kakananda, I’ve come from Africa after a long time, to attend the adda here. and is very hungry hearing your fizza. you’ve gone stingy. won’t u feed me something solid or liquid?
== Already ordered for all. Everybody amazed by his puzzler and speculating if it’s his another fizza! Nevertheless, nobody willing to quiz him—to be proved kidded & chided by him. When as usual OP guzzles a fizz / bites  pizza /  bubbles his fizza. Omni Pundit wonders rubbing his unkempt hair with one hand. Then his sudden dramatic announcement.
== Ok friends, I'm very pleased to announce that I'm hosting a dinner in honor of all of you here tonight.
== Hurray! Everybody cheered the move slapping the table. With the questions rained upon him.
== What for?
== Why?
== The last supper?
== Might be.  His micro answer.
== For your wedding? Roqea Ray inquisitive.
== Who's the bride? Preya probed.
== Where's yr H2SO4 Bollori now? Hita Hait remarked with a derisive schadenfreude.
== Lori's in Cologne now. on research work. I met her there. Suhit affirmed. All of us present here today at your call excepting Lori and Alin. Alin recently married. Did he invite you?
== Horribilis! Yes, because I was there that time. he married the owner editor of a paper. Angela—a ravishingly beautiful wealthy woman. might be at least 10 years older than Alin. a maniser—a man’s woman. However, Angela will outsmart Alin definitely. 
== How?
== Horribilis! When at first he had rammed into her intimate circle, Alin informed me Angela has complemented him.=> I see you can plant passionate kisses fiercely—at least better than your friends do!
Lol
== Knowingly, so why did Alin marry Angela? Roqea Ray quizzed.
== Horribilis! Ro Ro, to make fast bucks + to milk some undue advantage in climbing his professional ladder + to clinch the citizenship there.
== He didn’t invite us in his wedding!
== If he had invited all of you, could all of you attend it in a foreign country? He’ll call all of you here in a party.
== Post-wedding, his womance for woman waned? Abin Das assumed.
== Horribilis! Bindas, On the contrary boosted up. Punditda emphatic.
== How did you know? Everybody expecting epiction of another fizza form him.
== Horribilis! At least now, I can dish you out 2 cases. OP was letting them wait to concentrate their interest. Soon they were dying to eat his fizza: Why late tell us.
OP cracked the nut rubbing his rowdy hair with one hand: 1 day after the marriage party, in Las Vegas we had an informal meet with him + several other friends. A friend asked him: At least I had never shared the bed with my wife before our marriage. Alin, you—?
== I can’t exactly remember, there were many women. What was the name of your wife before the marriage?
Lol
== Oh, my belly bursting. Yet another? Chokita claimed.
== Probably, Alin previously had fit another girl to his home that Sunday night, in the absence of his wife. That I sniffed a bit later on that very weekend adda, from a call of his wife. Alin disclosed her: Honey, I have purchased 3 movie tickets to celebrate this Sunday.
His wife asked => But we’re 2! who’s the 3rd ?
== Not me. It is reserved for you and your parents only.
Giggle giggle ha ha hi hi hu hu
== Yet you haven't revealized the cause of our feast here? Kuhak Kumar remembered.  
== Horribilis! Ku Ku, what's that to you? It is my pleasure for the pleasure of my friends. OP dumbed him.
== If Lori could be here, it’d be better. Bindas said. 
== If wedding is with Lori—it has been fixed in the heaven. Ro Ro commented.
== If marriage is fixed in the heaven, what’s fixed in the hell? Chokita chuckled.
== Horribilis! Choki, the left out days of the whole life after marriage. OP’s rapid fire.
Lol
== Ok, Punditda tell us Love Marriage or Arranged Marriage —which is better for you? Ro Ro’s off-break.
== Horribilis! Ro Ro better ask which is the better way to die / — to be killed or suicide?/ Punditda’s prompt reply.
Lol
== Why Punditda, there are so many merriments in marriage? Unman— his Macaca Fascicularis, tickled.
Punditda sidelining his howling hanuman Unman, went on: If you wanna suicide, easier than a suicide bomber, there’re 2 ways >> First, just get a large rope, hook one end of it in the ceiling. tie it rounding your neck and hang. tie / a knot / to die. fast. Once for over.
Lol

== And second?
== Just get a small rope called garland. tie it rounding a girl’s neck to marry her. tie / a knot / to die. sluggishly. Once for over.
Lol
....  Omni Pundit did not revealize any reason to host this dinner yet, as that would mar the merriment of all. Probably his last with his these friends altogether. Whatever he must say he will break at the last moment the bare harsh truth, and quickly resign out of the scene to skirt the sentiments and minimalize the answer to questions raised. He also did not divulge to shock them that they also will have to stop coming to this pub, as this near to heritage house and property in the prime location of the city, will shortly undergo a sea of change under hammer of a ‘developer’. As this has been taken over by a multinational food chain who will demolish this building and build a swanky sky mall. He didn't say I don't feel well.
== Still we're dying to know the cause. Hita Haait officious.
== Horribilis! Hit, keep on guessing. I'll tell you later /on your platter.
== Why? If you tell / we'll tell / Punditda is telling tale? Suhit did hit his trademark™ dialogue to raise laughter; every body erupted into laughter. 
....  Sultan and Raza served the dinners in the table.  Specially prepared as Punditda wished lavishly, by Fernando, his Nando, who came to supervise himself, asked the guests how's the preparation. and informed the guests that the recipe specially done by Punditda himself. the last of the items in his receipe were => Mangolla = ( mango + rosogolla), and Doiscreme = doi (curd) +  ice crème. Creme de la crème!
== The drinks served. Everybody took her/his fav brand and raised toast: Cheers to Punditda and his would be bride. For a happy and prosperous conjugal life. Let the feast be repeated by him often / whatever his vision /and mission.
== Now tell us, they demanded to know the cause after the dinner was over. 
Omni Pundit took his last guzzle of BangaSudha ...... and stirred the sodhak pill into it and noticed the tiny bubbles…… fizzing into the drinks. Life is like bubbles he thought.
[....  While the buddies were chattering, OP sidetalked in a low voice to spiritize Chakkar: Now tell me all works done as I said? Dahuamano and Dhora working successfully?
== Yes boss. Dhora and Dahua, 2 D-s, are really very happy to work together. You know for a long time Nova, Nabik and I have been training Dhora and Dahua for the space voyage thoroughly. Nova is still working with them on the preparation to fly, while Nabik is making the residue arrangements of the Zer0Ferrier minutely— for you to finally test and certify, and let the green signal to take off, in consultation with Bollori. Chakkar accounted for.
== Excellent! So you start immediately to our Nicobar Choir Mill and take from the store, the last necessary consignments as required by Nabik and Nova, and loading those in Swift Boat. wait for me there. I'm reaching there by tomorrow at 9 pm and finishing our work at the factory by next day 5 pm. we'll speed over to Vudeep to reach there before 3 days after tomorrow dawn. Three months well ahead of the voyage to take off to the outmosphere on the supersky —we’ll get enough time to complete the full-fledged arrangement for project ZS. Ok?]
Chakkar fizzled out. 
....  OP paid the bill and gave extra tips to disburse to all the waiters of the Bangasudha restobar.  Punditda now without pizza / guzzles a fizz / puzzles his fizza—to his impatient buddies—his dire fizza for the last time. Silence.
== Friends, if I tell  you'll tell Punditda is telling tale. But this is the last time I'm telling you these. You’ll hear these words no more from the mouth of Romnis Pundit. OP wondered rubbing his unkempt hair with one hand. Pin drop suspense among the baffled friends: WHY !!!???
== Yes why? Punditda spills the beans rubbing his unruly hair with one hand. To bid adieu to you, my dear buddies, as you know I've some visions and missions in my life, which mismatch and are crazy to the regular ways of life of running and funning the general people. My aim is => 
Utilize the momentary life beautifully
and gain momentum to beautilize the world

Which might be another fizza of me to you. However, I've to leave this adda session and you friends with a really very heavy heart—to go away from here very soon. Here my time is over. it's my high time to go now. over to you. Punditda intimated to his friends the intimatum.
== N-O! shocked everybuddy voiced in unison >> please don't go.
== You feel sorry for my sorrow to leave here now—this is my asset. I’ll preserve it. forever.
Sorrow can be more & more bearable
if more & more people share the grief

I  wish I could live here for life with you. as I’ve spent with you, the most precious and pleasing time of my life. for which I'm deeply indebted to you all. as I've no other pleasure in my life. I've been denied my legitimate dues form all other quarters of my life— excepting here where I've got your valuable and kind company. Nevertheless, there're certain things that are beyond my control. So unfortunately, I'll have to go away. Only this much I can tell you that soon I've to head to a very long voyage to somewhere. I myself don't know the whereabouts till now. The situation for me is fluid & volatile as of now.
Friends wherever you are
for me be there in my heartchive
As for you i' ll be ever

And, if I’ve hurt you with my words and manners anytime in the past, please forget & forgive me. His eyes misty.
== Punditda, please don't say like that. it's we that could have hurt you, just for pranking for fun, but you never did hurt us. Suhit admitted. Unman seconded him. 
== When will you return? 
== I can't say. He scuttled all their questions at a go:
I Can’t Say

Why will you go?
I can’t say
Where will you go??
I can’t sayy
How will you go???
I can’t sayyy
What day will you go????
I can’t sayyyy
When will you go?????
I can’t sayyyyy

Only when you’ll not find me
realize I’m gone

....  Silencing all further questionnaire of his hearticipant friends, he shaked hands with each of them heartistically and got up. Suhit, Unman, Roqea and Preya were eager to follow him to the gate to goodbye, which he prevented avoiding to answer their more possible questions.  Went to the counter. Hand shaked with the surprized bartender, all the waiters and the manager, to whom he returned the key of his office room there. Hugged the dazed chef Fernando—his dear Nando and bade him goodbye. collected his bag from them.
Watched at the glowing & dipping light of the glowsign heading at the front gate, seemed to him as if of the glowing and dipping times:
>>>  B=a=n=g=a=S=u=d=h=a  <<<

....  With a long deep sigh from his hearterrain, he raised his hands in slow motion towards his baffled buddies from distance to murmur au revoir. Watching at Brazok, Omni Pundit looked above at the sky and hurried, fizzling out on the bustling street buzzing with hustling people and roving vehicles.


(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.29.74
Chapter 74: Spacefarer Zer0ferrier


Spacefarer Zer0ferrier
....  Earlier at Vudeep island workshop, the last lap preparation peaking up for the spacific voyage to the space, had gained momentum 3 months ago, when with the landing of Romnis Pundit's boatcraft, full of the remaining essential items from their Nicobar Coir Mill. For the past three months, Omni Pundit was critically reviewing the works of the spacecraft Zer0Ferrier and their occasionally invisible spacesuit Kholos—which they will wear, directing Nabik, Nova, Chakkar, Dahuamano and Dhora, and keeping Bollori aware of the latest developments. 
....  He was particularly instrumental to overview the works of Dhora, who will be in charge of the Bombanu made of beneficial amoeba, probacteria, microbes and algae, which will be charged on the planet Bigraha, to temperate the hostile climatic condition agreeable to vegetation, flora & fauna very fast there. Bombanu will also be helpful to beautilize the harmful carbon and naturely gaseous emission effects turning into green fuel, which will be much needed for the humans, to create and exist there. Bombanu as weapon of microbes and probacterial army, also can be charged, if needed, by Dahuamano to tame the rogue aliens and spacebuster bulligans, foiling their unscrupulous attacks. 
....  He also beautilized the talents of Dahuamano, the expertize of the ex-chief of a caveman clan,  in his defense room warheads under his supervision and command + all the items crucial in the spacific landing in Bigraha planet, including Misty, Moshak, Bombanu, Pong Bomb, Namaschar et al. His teammates were reviewing the systems of >> auto charging of solar energy mechanism to fuel the Zer0Ferrier, vibration, speed, cosmic rays, electromagnetic waves, nuclear radiation control and the use of the huge hidden force of the space’s own black dark energy to negotiate with the force of gravitation of the spacific area where they will land. Above all, they were anxious to hone, sync, connect and coordinate each and every mechanism and applications with the remote Brazok, Anon, Nirvana and super gizmo defenders, which became successful.

(- -)
[/ /]
// \\


  ()  
[/ /]
// \\

....  However, to repulse the attackers and for emergency, hidden beneath the apparently rude and crude little volcanic Vudeep island, the underground replica of a smaller version of the Vudeep island was grown by them beneath the seawater. where there are the basic essentials needed for the humans, animals and aquatic world, kept in the natureal ambience from the prehistoric period to modern days, maintaining perfect ecology and biological harmony of the flora and fauna. Ex-cavers Dhora and Dahuamano were engaged with Chakkar to build the tiny underground island beneath the Indicave, and as well as to upkeep the obscure rude and crude original Vudeep island, as Omni Pundit had planned in advance to advance.
....  At the lunch, they were discussing over the last minute tit bits of the project ZS, and certain sudden delicate dicey and unseen problems, which they might have to face on their voyage with Romda, who advised them emphatically what they must do what when in which situation. Then he abruptly finished his meal in a hurry and asked them to continue to have their meal normally without any haste, as it was their last lunch in the earth this time until they return from their space adventure. After that, he sped away toward the workshop to oversee the finishing touch.
....  Still at the lunch, after half an hour when Nova, Nabik, Dhora, Dahuamano and Chakkar were talking on the table, exited over the impending long voyage and so far satisfied with the progress of ZS, Bollori appeared on screen from Cologne: Wow, I can smell the menu of that Antarctic krill chop I see! Her voice seemed grim and seriously serious. 
== Yea, cooked by Dhora so tasty! However, we terribly miss u Loridi here now. Nova rued.
== You miss me, but have you seen you have not missed Romda? Bollori’s grave voice sent her chill in all the spines.
Nova was perplexed => Why!!! He was here with us a few minutes ago at the lunch. Lunched with us and categorically instructed us to take off our voyage ZS as per schedule, at any cost on any situation, we must not defer it! 
== He was there in Vudeep a few moments ago no doubt, but no more is there. Check it out there. I have lost contact with him on Brazok / Nirvana / Anon. Oh, I have always feared this moment—one day it will happen. But so soon it will happen it was beyond my imagination! Her voice was totally choked in vapour of suppressing tear / and outside of her naturely sync, in fear / with utter despair / Find him out over there everywhere / to hide her utter frustration and tear / she almost cried. I can’t think anymore now. she hung up. 
....  Nabik, Nova, Dahua, Dhora and Chakkar ran to the Indicave. in the Emergency Exitway, they were confused to find a new sign hung over there => Recharging! ’ll be back somehow?

Quite Quest
....  Waiting a bit and calling him aloud in unison repeatedly, they got no reply from OP. All  of them entered into the climate-controlled Indicave and were baffled to notice the skeleton of Dhanaraj Sadagor, seated on the alter as usual in the olden merchant’s worn out attire and turban for nearly a millennium, has suddenly vanished altogether! Did Romda perform any experiment on Dhanaraj’s genes? Did he relive and revive Dhanaraj Sadagor? Nabik and Nova knew well that times back when they were operating on Chakkar trying to turn him into a transgendered woman, Romda had already extracted all the required extraterrestrial biological elements and some expertise from Chakkar, which Chakkar did not know. As Chakkar had relived Dahuamano and Dhora—was Romda mulling to resurrect Dhanaraj Sadagor as an immensely powerful and indestructible entity like a demon? Did he want to engage Dhanaraj in the works of humankind—dormanting those supremacist powers or aliens, since they have been instrumental to destroy Romda and their projects Zer0Stan, Vudeep and other detoxic Bayurbedic endeavors? Nabik and Nova probed Chakkar: If Romda ever asked you to relive Dhanaraj Sadagor, as he had all the skeletons intact.
== Yes, once he had wanted me to relive Dhanaraj Sadagor, then abruptly changed his mind. and said not now but later on. Chakkar recalled.
....  Then? Why? What? Where? When? Everybody there asked and asked, but no clue of solution was found. Only the questions repeatedly spun on everybody’s mind. Everybody there was with a very heavy heart for the shocking happening and with a feeling of acute anxiety for the mentor Romda and the fate of their projects. 
....  Yet Nabik had to keep all the spiraling emotions, pains and dilemmas in his heart locked into himself. As it was Romda who first spotted his talents and picked him up out of the garbage of poverty, and nourished to cherish his dreams to become a scientist and to be a key part of their spacific project ZS. After his parents died in his childhood, he got a solid support and shelter in Romda. Now again orphaned.  Moreover, if Nova, Dhora, Dahua and Chakkar could sense his dilemma, they would be sentimentally more upset and unstable for the crucial voyage, which they must head to, as Romda had commanded an hour ago at the lunch table—>
== Now you are all here and hear, you all know that we have been haunted and snooped by different powerful nation’s agencies and aliens. As
Where there is no fence
may be often subjected to offence
to be objected by defense

However—I have been scuttling those forces so far. Now in case if you do not find me, realize I am gone. In that case, you must not halt and must stick to kick off our spacific voyage to Zer0Stan as per schedule in right time! Mind that This Is My Last Wish and COMMAND to you. Wish you all not only success, but also fulfilment in culmination of your dreams. 
My time is like a cigarette burning
just to touch the butt
Still I am mapping to use
the last puff to linger

....  He then signed off well before others could finish their lunch. —and hurried to see if anything more requires his final fix. 
....  Omni Pundit went to the Dhanaraj’s Indicave… He  did there what was to be done by and only known to him… 
...OP then was retesting his new Nirvana avatar. On it, cut to Suhit in the South African Coast. where was he going? He was pleased to watch Suhit, who in the past always jested with him as his sharp critic for his erratic eccentricity, currently himself imbued on his way to gain diverse knowledge on different subjects. That time Suhit in a boat with a few whale watchers were going to record the song of whales, as wished by the danseuse Preya Pathok for percussionist Unman Munshi’s concert program on tabla and other instruments with her dance, in Cape Town! No, he will not disturb Suhit. Touring Preya + Unman and visiting psychoanalyst Doel could not be contacted. 
...Cut to Ken Richards, OP saw him he was giving his attention to the issues of their Uni-Earth Club as agreed with him at the UniEarth Meet.
...Cut to Bollori, attending the seminar in her University. Therefore, he could not call her. She was expecting his message. Instead came his written letter—in antic Egyptian papyrus paper: 
....  Hear Bolli 

...As I told you earlier, my decisive time appears to have come. Please look after our Bayurbedic projects in house, and at the Nicobar and Vudeep Islands, where you will find the necessary papers done by me in favour of you. You will get the details of our funds, finance, property deals and deeds with our attorney, care of Porno Pradhan. Also, monitor the issues of Uni-Earth Club and the ZS project. Be careful that you flag off the Zer0Ferrier leave the earth in just time. Nova and Nabik are still kids! They, Dahuamano, and Dhora will await your advice, decision, and guidelines from earth at the ZeroStan planet Bigraha, thru hotline on Nirvana, Anon and Brazok avatars. Should Chakkar weep and decide to live in this earth, give him the Brazok and allot his duty.
....  H2SO4, I placed my faith on you, not for your beauty, in which you have nothing to be proud of, as you’ve not created it, but because of my hope, that one day in my absence you shall fare forward with our dream projects, protecting and projecting them with your strong acidotic zeal to win over all hazards.
....  Lori, let’s hope if I can return from my quiet quest, we shall meet again. Our heydays at BangaSudha will give us oxygen to struggle to live and love if there’s any hope. Take care. Au revoir! As ever

  Romda 

P.S: Please handover these endangered manuscripts of the Poet to Hiya, as she sought these to publish a book. It seems the bequest of the Poet imparts on me also like all =>
Quiet Quest

. Coming …

from the nebulous infinitum

. to take fabulous shape & embody
in this earthen planetary junction

. to see hear smell think touch taste
the dailycious delicacies of life

. to impose & compose the motion & emotion
in queersphere of this & that hemisphere as

Dissolved into many i were no me
as i evolved in my quiet quest
to know again to dissolve into many

. to be blown away by storm like leaves forlorn
at the end of the questern time
from dawn to dusk
from dust to dust
. to revisit the source @ unformed unembodied
s  p  a  c  e
in quiet quest
from the forms
toward infinite formless queersphere…

. Coming…

....  Cut to. OP called Alin: I told you not to overflirt Tasha. As she’s a secret agent, bitching in the disguise of a journo, working for who knows which super power or alien or multinationals and whether contracted to kill me and hijack our projects. But you discounted my words and overflirted her. You are often partying—a partisan with prettizen and skirtchasing after pretty women. Taking this impropertunity of your embedded bed pact, you unwittingly fell prey to Tasha, being lured by her to sensationalize our projects and us, to hog the limelight and elevate your career-graph. 
Now she has been chasing me to doom. Though she won’t get me and I will hoodwink her to slip. But you’ll be in the nagging peril. They will constantly blackmail you to find me. So my time is over. I am off.
Alin: I am really very sorry Romda. Please excuse me. You cautioned me repeatedly, but I really could not sniff in fact she is a contract killer in disguise of a journo. She is pressing me hard for your whereabouts. I kept her at bay distancing from her. I knownot howlong I’ll be able to evade her blackmail. Please come back. Where u going?
Omni Pundit: To nowhere. to the queersphere!
....  OP wished to see for the last time what’s up in Bangasudha. He overviewed wheeling away, what he had already cautioned Nabik and Nova that Tasha Storm with a crew, has been appeared there, quizzing his  whereabouts to his amazed friends in BangaSudha. Hita Haait apprising Tasha => Punditda has gone to the Mars to fetch water!
OP knew the secret cause of her schadenfreude for him. He uttered inaudibly: Sorry Hit, restrained family life was neither my destiny nor destination. 
He watched in front of Bangasudha, in the street jammed by huge joyous people celebrating. Women dancing frenzied in a trance with drumpeting loud music. Bursting high decibel crackers. glittering fireworks sparkling  the night sky. it is all joy. cheer. exuberance. delight in the world barring him. A corpse-carrier van has to stop there entangled in the jam… the van slowly advancing…OP perceived is the van coming with his corpse?...
....  Nobody saw Omni Pundit on the final moments, while he was fast finishing off his arrear works in the Indicave… OP cut off all links to all to outwit any source to track him.
....  OP as if heard the high time hitting on the hanging heavy hand bell disc with hammer at the Swapanpur outpost reaching him reverberating far across the oceans... Dhong... Dhong... Dhong...  Time is up... coming ...I'm coming......

Chase on the Breakwater
....  As Romda had warned them beforehand, Tasha Storm with a camera crew having camera shaped weapons arrived there on speedboat and wanted to interview Omni Pundit. Nabik told them they were mistaken. nobody of that name stayed there. As a ploy, they wanted to interview Nabik. Nabik initially denied appearing in any interview or their taking any image of him or Nova and that of Vudeep at all, as parting with the slightest info to the media would be a Himalayan blunder. That might endanger themselves of being haunted by the press and investigating agencies, which will jeopardize their voyage to the ZS. Also there was no time to waste as the launching time was clocking on the threshold nearby. Before that, they had so many things to do and get to set the final addition. so many nitty-gritties to make right at the last moment preparation for their long time voyage. So, Nova came forward as his savior to tackle the paparazzi, asking Nabik in Bangla to dodge the paparazzi to understand, and let him complete the rest of the preparation jobs ahead of  the voyage.
== How did you track us here in this solitary part of the ocean, Nova asked Tasha Storm in amazement?
== We went to BangaSudha pub in Kolkata to interview Omni Pundit.
== What for? Who is Omni Pundit? What has he achieved? Scaled the Everest?
== Actually, though he cloudpublished, we have discovered that Romnis Pundit is the real author of the Wanderer's Wordrobes.  which has created quite a jolt surreptitiously. as he has brought to light by his techtricks, a few real loopholes, that has led some of the mega powers into tizzy—regarding the vulnerable inadequacy of their defense with ultramod weapons—in case of some powerful disastrous otherworldly attack.
== Really? But we don't know who iz that Romnis Pundit or haven't heard the book Wanderer’s Wordrobes. In fact being illiterate, we haven't ever heard of this what you're talking about, as he is not a celebrity that we might know. We have no business with him. Here is nobody of this name or the Wanderer.
== So, you even haven't heard of Omni Pundit. Just have a glimpse. Tasha shows her the book Wonderer’s Wordrobes by Wanderer from her gadget, where  Nova’s glance stuck. I have more to inform you that, we have known from his friend circle in Kolkata, who call him fondly Punditda. and frequent to regular adda sessions on pizza with hiz booze fizza. and now you're asking me to buy you donno the whiz, and the whizard just fizzled out? Then may I ask what are you doing here in this remote severe southernmost region of the Indian Ocean at dusk, where probably no one dares to come?
== Really? We 2 here you see —are just fishing here. Leave us now. We've so many works to do. We have to prepare for leaving this place now— for another tsunami due to hit here soon! 
== Listen, we haven't come here to squander this sensational news, crossing over thousands of nautical miles to track Omni Pundit.  Previously we had tracked him in the 2 Americas, but then we had no clue that in fact Wanderer is the nom de plume of Omni Pundit. Otherwise, we could have interviewed him there. Here you are denying, but we've come here taking the tips from our friend journo Alin Sen who belongs to the intimate circle of Omni Pundit. Apparently, a funny man, in fact Omni Pundit is cool to fool people all around. Ok, we're leaving to tell Alin that you won't divulge us any info on Omni Pundit's whereabouts, about who they're extremely anxious there at Bangasudha friends circle right now. We'll just snap you people and leave this icy breakwater island. 
== Wait wait wait. Don't take our snap. It will be of no interest to the viewers as we ain't filmstars, fashion models, soccer or baseball heroes, nerd politicos or cricketers. Just simply unknown fishers. Please believe Romnis Pundit is not here. He has just fizzled out dazing us like you. We're also haunting him fiercely. His buzzword was =>
Only when you’ll not find me
realize I’m gone

== Then why yu want him here? 
== To get tips from him for catching more fishes. 
     Seeing danger from Tasha Storm, softy Nova might be induced to divulge more info, and in order to hide the project and surroundings of Vudeep to remain afloat, Nabik signaled to Dahuamano to apply his first mild shock mock wave Misty to generate mist.
....  Mist ejected out cloud of fog and smog covering the entire skyline of the launching pad under the sea and the exitway of the Zer0Ferrier. In order to hide and shroud the area from the prowling eyes mechanism of the secret agents + also from the above sky spy satellites and space stations. Visibility turned to almost nil. Tasha and her crew could no more see anything there. Nabik, Nova, Dhora, Dahua, Chakkar quickly wore their sky specs to see through the cloud. Suddenly there trembled and wobbled the earth and water with blasting sound of vigorously furicious monstrous waves— as if the world was tilting and  it would splinter out of the orbit…with that dark menacing clouds overcast the sky. In addition, Giant waves on the ocean levels generated to torment and traumatize warranting the outsiders to flee the spot immediately.
== Escape, speed away immediately to the high seas or the giant waves of tsunami, will wash you out to nowhere. Or, get lost. Nova Shouting out over the sound of high waves— this is just a tiny volcanic island. now afloat. it will vanish with the surge of high waters. This is just on the mouth of an angry volcano beneath the seabed—for which we’ve to leave instantly or die. Or u 2 may stay here to pay your life. Next time if we can trace this mini island surfaced again here, we shall pay you tribute. Nova sarcastic. 
....  Thence beholding the imminent grave danger, Tasha Storm, with the filmsy camera crew, unwillingly backtracketh from thither and escapeth hurriedly toward the high seas in their highspeed boat to save their own lives. She hath abandoned the 'sensational' operation in the midway that time—with the mentension to hound that island again sometime. 
....  The mole could be shunted out for now in the cloud, but even thicker cloud of emotions, anguish and problem vapored there on everybody’s mind, which they did not express to one another for fear of dampening the spirit of others. However, as Romda made them aware before that this might happen, so they were not amazed at all at this sudden disappearance of him. In tears, Nova mulled, but did not disclose her fear + tear to Nabik, as she knew well how much Romda means to Nabik. After her father was killed, Romda did everything he could for her as well as for Nabik. She again lost their one and only real benefactor & protector. Where did Romda vanish? Like Nabik and all others over there, the burning uncertainty will be churning within Nova always alwhere =>
....  Is Romda alive? If no, exactly when he died? Naturely died? Or somebody killed him? Who killed him? the proxies of MNC, megapowers, Futchuku aliens? the pirates?  Or he was abducted by them? Taken as hostage?  Exactly by whom? If alive, where? how? when?  How can they help him from here if he is in danger? How can they get their dicey problems solved in the absence of his further inventions, guidance, expertise and advice when they need him in crisis? How can they contact, as he needs them & they need him? Or giving them everything they need, he has simply misappeared underground to enable them face and solve their own problems by themselves? If taken hostage or he himself hiding, when & where shall he surface?  Shall he surface with the reliven demon Dhanaraj Sadagor after they are back from Bigraha?



(((((((((((()))))))))))



C o s m o s p h e r E  3  Q u e e r s p h e r E

3.30.75
Chapter 75: Zerostan Queersphere


Questern Queer Sphere
....  Nabik-Nova with Chakkar, Dhora and Dahuamano in the last hour after viewing and reviewing everything in upset mind, were prepared to take off zeroing in the 0 hour at 12:00. Romda was to flag off their voyage to the queer sphere ZeroStan. 
....  However, due to the sudden disappearance of the cosmozen Romnis Pundit, Nova and Nabik were dysphoric to wonder, wavering still if they should abandon the voyage! Moreover, then in the 11th hour before departure, it was seen Chakkar was completely broke. Tears welling and streaming down his cheeks profusely. The dreamster image of Punditda haunting him constantly >> Punditda guzzles a fizz / bites pizza / puzzles his fizza. And he is censoring him and his friends >> You, Hylobates hoolock!
Chakkar bewailed: Punditda missing, you're going to space for a long time. Who other people remain here of my own? Instead, Nova and Nabik were absolutely elated to see him in tears, which they were eagerly expecting of him. As they recalled often Romda used to tell them quoting the Poet:
After the birth when you cry
people laugh
You pay back the people
as much as such
when you die
have your last laugh
for you the people cry

....  Nova was excited to solace Chakkar: We are so happy to see you in tears! Because Romda said if we see you in tears, we will be sure that you have finally cracked the test on humanity, freeing yourself completely from your extraterrestrial sinclination of criminality, as this is not political tears or diplomatic tears as of crocodiles. And if you ever cry, he asked us to free you completely. You’re now free to return to yr Futchuku planet.  He directed us to gift you a Brazok in respect of your service to humanity.
== N-o, howled out Chakkar. I won't return to Futchuku land leaving this wonderful world! They will kill me. Nevertheless, yes, Brazok is the coveted gizmo for which I have been craving. it’ll help me to survive all odds and protect the world from Futchukus & alien spacebusters!
Nabik added: Well. Romda directed us => in case if you don’t want to return to your planet, if you like to live in this earth, then he wished you to take all the charges here at the Vudeep island base, bayurbedic experiments at our farm at Nicobar island and at his home in Kolkata, with Loridi. 
....  Nova handed over him a powerful Brazok of his dream with a caution: Use it judiciously it is your friend. Abuse it & it will be your enemy & destroy you and all with you. 
Chakkar took his coveted Brazok, which long ago he tried to steal many times from OP  but failed. He fondly rubbed his hands over the super gizmo as he asked: I'll do as he has wished me to do. But how to know if Punditda is—
== alive? There’s a distant remote signal beaming here from his Anon & Nirvana, means there is still hope of his return. Maybe he is entangled and affronted by the Futchukus or other aliens, or some agents of the world's mega powers or certain dodgy multinationals. Alternatively, apprehending any reprisal from them finishing his work of sharpening this project ZS, he has just fizzled out temporarily to scuttle their mischievous bid, as he has to settle the scores at first. However, we're sure, don't be afraid he will be able to rebuff them, and save himself scrupulously with his mighty Nirvana & Anon and may be with the Dhanaraj Sadagor, if reliven from his skeletons.  If any assistance is needed, either by him or by us, he will definitely SOS you, Loridi and us. For that, we all have to remain always very attentive, alert, and prepared to face any eventualities. However, you continue your search with Loridi, while Nova and I will also leave no stone unturned to get him back to us from far remotely. Always stay connected to us thru the Brazok hot line, and in any problem discuss with Loridi, Nova and me— for any assistance or guidelines we can provide you from distance.
....  Nabik himself unsure about Romda’s existence, yet Nabik was to infuse in Chakkar hope to recover from his breakdown. Nova could feel well Nabik in his paradox. which is also her paradox, which she cannot speak out to anybody to dispiritize. 
....  Bepained Bollori was then struggling within herself to recuperate from the sudden shock of losing her dreamistiq Romda.  As he has been,  near and far wrapped up everywhere into her life— since even before her teeny days— years before meeting him in person— simply hearing his bizarre gossips from Doeldi.  Now suddenly reaching at a crossroad of life, she can figure out from now she has to go a long way sans Romda, do somany things, achieve somany goals, culminate into somany crossways >> yet  which she wondered what would be the meaning of life without him! Now it seemed, as Romda cautioned his H2SO4 many times but she did not heed. Everything would be ok there in the world sans him, which pains her unequivocally. She was trying to trace the lastly available mental graph of Romda going thru the files used by him before his sudden eclipse. Seeing the manuscripts of the Poet kept with him and asking her to give it to Hiyadi to publish the Poet’s book. Bollori found a few of the pages of the fragile unorganized manuscripts lastly bookmarked by Romda. One such reads:
It Pains
Only you won’t remain
while all other things will remain as usual
even the thought of it pains much too much pain
[it pains…much too much …pain]

Only you won’t remain
still
sky’ll remain air’ll remain cloud’ll gather it’ll rain
Tree’ll remain fruit’ll grow it’ll flower leaf’ll fall
Moon (  sun  O planet ° star * will dip v rise ^
Wo/man’ll float & fly in the sea & supersky
Children will play cry laugh and ply
Wo/man will be dressed in a la mode
Concord discord love will be fruitful
In the earth beasts & birds will wander & call
Player dancer crony players will dance & sing
Instruments string on string / string—string—string—
in tune tune tune tune in chime chime chime chime
Instruments will chime on string in rhyme and tune
Only you won’t remain
while all other things will remain as usual
even the thought of it pains much too much pain
[it pains…much too much …pain]

Only you won’t remain
still
so many ~~~~~waves will rise ^ and fall v
Streams of air will blow & fly
On roads endless people will go slow ply reply
Lights will be on.  off.  off. on
Wo/mans’ struggle shall continue to continue
Playhouses will be dead made made dead
Civilization shall go up ^ down v fall—run => =>
Poet artists will think write cut sketch new anew
Raising hands many paths will call one & all
Only you won’t remain
while all other things will remain as usual
even the thought of it pains much too much pain
[it pains…much too much …pain]

Only you won’t remain >> some sometimes
even this thought wastes time, too much time
Still this truth is open clearly open
even the thought of it pains much too much pain
[it pains…much too much …pain]

Only you won’t remain
won’t move won’t rove won’t rise won’t fall
won’t run won’t break won’t turn won’t return
won’t laugh won’t cry won’t think won’t float
won’t see won’t seek won’t bear won’t bother
won’t call won’t roar won’t rave won’t rouse
won’t tell won’t reel won’t join won’t conjoin
Y-o-u   w-o-n-’t   l-o-v-e   a-g-a-i-n
Even the thought of it pains much too much pain
[it pains…..much too much ……pain]

....  Yet her personal pain and crisis, she would not let them know. As that would make them further dismayed and make their voyage uncertain, contrary to the wishdom of Romda. So making herself austerely reorganized and recomposed, Bollori appeared on their Anon, Nirvana and Brazok: Could you find Romda?
Everybody was pale. Benumbed. silent.
Again, she moaned: I knew this would happen soon in my fate. Oh, I couldn't prevent it! She was broke. nevertheless, recontrolled herself to regain composure soon. And her tone stonewalled: However, I'm here to bid you farewell and see you take off in time.  All prep + app perfectly rechecked, as Romda chalked?
== Yes, but the last moment check of a few issues by him couldn't be overviewed by himself, which we have to do instead of him. subject to your final overview and clearance. Nevertheless, we are in dilemma. We're seriously mulling, in his absence should we stop the take off? Nabik wondered.
== What are you talking about! He used to recite:
A stop does not stop in a full stop forever

This is his dream project!! His brainchild!! Is this not your thrilling project? Did he not ask you to kick off the Zeroferrier as scheduled at any cost even in case of his sudden  fizzle out?
== Yes.  He did.  Thrillitant Nabik emphasized.
== Then? We can’t easily postpone now our ZS project. 
Don't worry. Bollori drilled faith and hope in them: Let us enable ourselves to find out Romda. If he’s somewhere and alive, I’m not here to give him up at any cost. {Though she recalled the part of his last letter: ‘Let us hope if I can return we shall meet again.’ That means he may come, may not come. Yes and No. 50-50. Nevertheless, here she has to sprinkle them with only hope.} So go ahead on your voyage to Bigraha. I saw when Chakkar has cried for him — he has cried for the humanity. This is a very positive sign. Chakkar and I will manage the project here on earth and continue our lookout for Romda, maintaining hotline with you. As you and Nova with Dhora and Dahua, will manage the Cosmovil Project at the planet Bigraha. And always remain connected to us here in earth in any problem—we will face the challenge together in consultation with some of his wise well-wishers in the UniEarth club, with whom I have already contact. Also a matter of hope, that I've spotted a few of Romda's budding talented favorite students, who are keenly interested on this kind of dreamatic project. I didn't break the ice to these thrillitant young girls and boys till now, as we have to screen them thoroughly as Romda did. As he said, you may remember:
I am skeptic about many things
but not on the vacant space
in the queer earthmosphere
As whenever a place gets hot
cool air fills up the place rushing over

....  When drillitant Lori was implanting ample hope & courage on her associates, menternally she was torn apart within herself with the always brewing ongoing:

Q U I Z >> Tick what you think guessing the exact fate of Omni Pundit:

Abducted..........................True  []  False  []
Hidden..............................True  []  False  []
Killed................................True  []  False  []
Trailing.............................True  []  False  []
Nota................................................[]

QueerSphere Zer0Stan
....  Being a perceptionist and perfectionist, before finally giving green signal to kick off, Bollori herself scrutinized the A to Z of all the aspects of the project ZS, so far were working fine and flawless. Then she with Chakkar bade on screen farewell clearly to tearly Nabik, Nova, Dhora, and Dahua hugging and shaking hands with one another. Just before 10 seconds, flashed the preordained command voice with image of Romnis Pundit count down the 0 hour
 >>> 10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1-0…
Nabik thumbed up Nova, Dahuamano & Dhora all in their spacesuit Kholos, launched the Zer0Ferrier with all the most important seeds and samples of the vison-hear-smell-taste-touch of this earth to the planet Bigraha in Zer0Stan >> bidding adieu to Chakkar and Bollori with the implied message being explicit on screen:
Au Revoir Earthmosphere

You yonder
I have to proceed
Deadend zer0ferrier is too eager
Ruthless waves of eon times diffused affront
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<

You come afterward
I go onward

Au devoir
Au revoir

....  Waving and gazing at the cosmocraft Zer0Ferrier speeding away in a moment out of his sight, Chakkar then himself upped in the sky to fly, wondering but to where? He was confused. Now he was totally free as he wished if to go anywhere including to his home at Futchuku, where he did not want to go to face death. 
....  So what to do now? He asked himself to get the reply >> Oh, he has so many works to look after, as Punditda had wished… But the topmost of all he has the mammoth task to find out Punditda all over the heaven and hell. And if he is alive, get in touch with him. If he is not, what to do he cannot think now with a heavy heart. Tears roll down his cheeks again. He is amazed how he has been thoroughly transformed to perform his duty by the dutician Punditda, to a law-abiding human being and a protector of the world, from a previous would-be-destructor alien and an aspiring ulteriorist criminal Tikoonza! He is determined >> He will not spare now any spacebuster, or any rogue alien who will come to harm this lovely world. At least he will not spare the dreadly Futchuku chieftains or anybody who might have tormented the innocent Punditda, or dared to kill him. as he could not forgive them and will wait for the propertunity to rescind them.
Now as he is gifted with Brazok, he will free his previous chainful Futchuku friends who are still in boundage, to let them be engaged here in the welfare of the earth…
....  At that juncture, he speedily crossed the sky above the Indian Ocean to Southern Ocean. He wanted to have a minute look over the incredible world. He watched from the sky above to have a bird’s eye view to scan the land. But where he would land? A loud alarming siren was ringing tirelessly all over the earth. 
....  The fire has been engulfing / The earth  wobbling + fuming / The mad ocean  infuriating / and striding to swallow all / to the ice-cold deathdom.  He tried to figure out the probable Route of Rout >> the earth may eventually face the apocalypse as forecasted in the Wanderer’s Wordrobes >>>… the climatic disasters. excessive pressure of peoplation. misgovernance. communal horror strike. scarcity of food and pure drinking water. virtual aggression. systems crash by criminals. genetically cloned frankenstines, microbes miscreated by bio terrorians. super intelligent biomechanically devised wo/men, cyborgs, biobots  will rule over the dwindling commoners—who will be their slaves employed to carry out the harder, laborious, unimportant, and life-threatening risky jobs.  attacks by extraterrestrials. dreadly virus infected from space travel. increasing too hot temperature above 50 C difficult to endure for habitable living. ice covers of the North and South Poles, Himalayas, Andes, Greenland, glaciers, the Poles melt. Niagara falls, Atlantic and Mediterranean seas evaporate. Africa breaks into another continent in the Indian Ocean..looming the stars, comets, asteroids hit. super tsunamis, hurricanes, tornadoes, cyclones, earthquakes. famines and  volcanic eruptions. profuse raining. junks from spacecrafts and stations falling down to earth. Y chromosome men die out. photosynthesis process ends. earth’s orbit becomes capricious. all forms of life  in earth extinct…Final callback by the sun to its son earth to be united with it after about 1.8 billion years. Much before that our moon will be immersed in the ocean of fire in the sun.  But the life will continue in Mars and / or other planets in other solar sphere in Zer0stan. Bigraha is such a planet where their Zer0ferrier launched to reach…
....  As of then Chakkar mulled this time everybody everywhere must be running away to and fro from their houses or tall apartment buildings frantically in the fear of crumbling landslide, earth quake, avalanche and washed out by mad rush of soaring sea surge. Frenzied Wo/men are wandering >> where s/he can go for shelter deserting their fragile homes? >>To the mountains? That will break like in the Himalayan tsunami. avalanche. quake. landslide. To the glaciers? To the North Pole? To the South Pole? that will melt. To Oceania? there is bushfire ablaze in Australia. To Europe? there is deluge. gale. and icedom. To Americas? there is tornedo. hurricane. snow blizzard. wildfire. quake. desert. To the tree? that will be uprooted. To the sea? that will surge. To the road? that will rift. To the desert? there might be storm even snow. To the river? that is raging everything in flash floods by torrential rains and thunderstorms.  To the vast field? that might shake and crack. Then to whom to where to how to and when to go for help, + to help others to sustain to survive? The alarm siren is blowing to moan over everywhere in the earth constantly. The cracking vast field is wide open. so desolate. To whom to go in the open field? …
....  He was asked to work in coordination with Bollori. So he asked Lori over Brazok: What to do now? Where to go? Everywhere I presume disaster in the world. 
== Don’t worry. It is only the after effect of visual delusion of fake catastrophic devastation of cloud, storm and gigantic sea weaves created by us temporarily by applying Misty into action, as you’ve seen, by our commander Dahuamano, to fog up the detection of the Zer0ferrier and to divert the prying eyes of different surveillance agencies.
\<>/\<>/
Once the zer0ferrier is out of the influence of the earth's orbit, this delusion will cease automatically. You now look after to upkeep the ongoing Bayurbedic projects at Vudeep and Nicobar Coir Mill and in our Romda’s house, until and unless Nova-Nabik or I convey you the next step. Ok? 
  (ojo)  (o\/o)  Nova-Nabik began their dreamboyant voyage in spite of the irremediable setback of their mentor’s exit.  As it was on irrevocable schedule— to utilize the celestially advantageous time for them to spark off their voyage. The outside color and the artists impression of swingy wingy birdy thready cloud of their avrocraft Zer0ferrier — will have automatic variation of colour like a chameleon from black & white to glaze and colour —  to change its shape, and appear or disappear to become visible or vanish — as per need of the particular time — to baffle the surveillance equipment, satellites, space criminals, aliens and their ultramatums. Being super light and to be charged automotivationally by the solar rays, or the rays of other stars under the sequent gravitational influence of which it will be.
At the same time, this will save the Zer0Ferrier from the glaring harmful cosmic rays, viruses and from hitting comets and flying objects.

....  After talk with Bollori the spacenauts were hopeful that Romda is alive. He will be able to thwart the extremighty attacks of the Futchukus or anyone suspacious, with his Anon and the neo built avatar Nirvana >> from which he will guide them in their avrocraft Zer0ferrier with solutions whenever necessary, though he had well prepared Nova-Nabik to face the thrilling challenges, as he foresaw:
Thrillitants should have the skill
to drill the thrill

  (ojo)  (o\/o)  Thrillitant Nabik-Nova, after steading their zeroferrier into the thrilling trajectory, got the propertunity to read Romda's so far last message quoting the Poet. and beam to relay the message to OP's friends in Bangasudha and the free thinkers of the UniEarth including Lori, Chakkar, Doel, Chokita, Suhit, Preya, Unman, Hita, Atkinson, Richards and other members of the UniEarth Club… and to any & many others at any place at present and future, in any cosmic queer sphere >>> to whom it may concern:

Sayeth nowhere chandan if all hear
on queer sphere waves in yon times
fulfeel the aura  in cosmosphere
times turn impossible  i’m  possible




((((((((((((((((((((((((((((())))))))))))))))))))))))))


Afterword to Universion

....  Reading a foreword is often a test of one’s perseverance. Yet since i’ve no other chance to connect with the readers, so i could not afford to squander this once & only propertunity to share with them some of my musings in the backdrop, at least as afterword. And had it been just like any other fiction, i need not write this Afterword to reach you.
....  Since my earlyhood days i had been wondering if i’ll be ever able to attempt to do any such thing, which taking the cue from the past and contemporary times, will probably strive to linger at least a little longer out of the contemptporary bubbles, yet not easily fading out— even crash landing away in the the future’s nutritious & futritious field. In the beginning, i had neither any idea what it would be, in which way and how, nor any knowhow, yet the will to do somehow, did not totally die out. It slowly had been churning within me over the years, which slowly culminated into Cosmosphere. In fact—
Cosmosphere is the whole being
i venture to adventure
my presence in absence
and bet for my pet life

Conversely, after my tad wanderings to the different parts of the world—some of where some parts of the Cosmosphere i had chanced to have touched, i wonder often—
Is it i who composed the Cosmosphere?
or the cosmosphere composed me??

....  Previously unknowing what Elliot said, if we cannot go too far we can't know how far can we go; probably i've gone a bit far, at least that might seem to manybody. But if anybody minutely observes the way of going with the times, the seemingly meaningful and yet meaningless, positive at the same time negative, interconnected as well as nonconnected ways of momentary life, matter and sensible worlds of the cosmos, as i've sensed and infiltrated a little, s/he might be able to stay tuned to cosmosphere — the waves of cosmic times, as =>
The natural even & uneven fusion
harmonizing in rhyme & unrhyme
as the rhythmic blowing flow verse
is the verse of the universe

....  Thus conceived Cosmosphere is in fact a prakalpana, = formally meaning an informal fusion of prose poetry drama essay and ideograhic graphics  with my newly coined mostly portmanteaux words— all in one fiction of pro imagination.  Prakalpana is fact turning to fiction and fiction returning to facts. It is factitious diction, rotating with friction on space in fraction of time, superseding superficial barriers separating the domains of the children’s, travelogue, detective, romantic, horror, fantasy, science fiction…… the integral intertwined moments of which the humans have to pass naturally— which they may like or not, notice or not. As—
One may want or not at all
the waves will rise and fall

....  As it started from a diverse sarbangin world of particles and matters and facts settled loosely, formed as times demand and command— into a cluster, to be absolved into the minds of the mass and class of readers, like the nature of the cosmos to form, perform, deform and reform. The essence is essentially bechancing the human sense, or chetana, proimagination, in fusion, collision and diffusion with the universal interactive and inactive systematic avyas or habit, rotatingly rotating, making, breaking, remaking, rebreaking and refurbishing as in chetanavyas of temporal, forever, always allover times. As—
Perpetual times never sever

Unseen to anybody
my silent stint to ever haunt
beautilization in dear sphere
What where nowhere
spell in cosmosphere

....  Thus, Cosmosphere is based on the situations crisscrossing the differing geography, nationality, history, religion, race, language in the epical vastness in the worldwide locations touching every continent, which arguably had not been done before in this way, at least i have not seen so far. It obliges no inhibitions—of all the artificial borders, exposing the diverse angles of dominant political and terrific abuse of religion and ethics, gnosticism, agnosticism, atheism, and even the godormant idea of dormant god/s, along with the alternative ethos of love, sex, women’s enpowerment & sexuality and 'obscenity'. Perceiving sarbangin or on the whole of the cosmos as one, may be still a new utopia, that is, a newtopia of cosmic humanity; but may be one day we have to make possible this impossible rhythm of uniearth of newtopia to save this world and its extra territorial & extraterrestrial colonies in other worlds of posterity. Impossible as yet
Sayeth nowhere chandan if all hear
on queer sphere waves in yon times
fulfeel the aura    in cosmosphere
times turn impossible  i’m  possible

....  Any life is the tiny, trifle part and particle of the momentum of the eternal present continuous times, followed in Dearsphere. As the past has always been a hangover on the present. But on the next moment a life tries to grasp around the slippery spaces which have no grip, floating on larger places and spaces— always moving and changing with the times as in the Tearsphere and Queersphere—the next moment making the previous as redundant past—as usual turning to past tense—as time passes to surpass me / into a passé of the past time.  i know =>
May be i’ve worked for the time
while i live never to come

May be—
The flowers will bloom  i shall not see
Nomore  shall i see

....  This is the unified version of Cosmosphere 1 & 2 & 3 wrapped up in one cover as the Universion of this trilogy —consisting of DeaRSpherE, TeaRSpherE and QueeRSpherE— which was being written sporadically for around fifty years. i sincerely wish =>
Let Cosmosphere be time-tested alwhere
Let it be tasted by people the illuminator
Let them bless chandan the interluder

....  In the present cover of Cosmosphere,  have i embedded to repose my coded holistic, microcosmic purports, offering no explanation — for the future to  expose? 

Vattacharja Chandan

88°30´ E longitude, 22°34´N latitude. Earth. Meghalaya age. September 6. 50th Prakalpana Year 2018 AD



(((((((((((()))))))))))


Thank you for reading my ebook. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?


About Vattacharja Chandan

"As the creator of the movement, Vattacharja Chandan envisaged an innovative literary form that tackled colonial forms and grew out of the surrounding organic reality",  about him observed the New Man International Journal of Multidisciplinary Studies. 
Being the exponent of the international Prakalpana Movement, a bilingual writer in Bangla & English, he has been published in several countries and visited many countries.  Edited  PrakalpanA LiteratureE and kOBISENa. Performer of poetry with songs & music. His mail arts were exhibited in several international mail art exhibitions. 
Yet his journey as a writer has not been without challenges, as the Wikipedia noted: “Chandan's work, theories and role as a harbinger of the experimental and avant-garde …literary movement in India have surrounded him with controversy.”

Discover Books by Vattacharja Chandan

Byabiloner Shunya Bagane (poetry)
Porimandal (prakalpana)
Upsurging Prakalpana (Edited prakalpana anthology)
Atiprithibi 1. (prakalpana)
Cosmosphere 1 (prakalpana)
Chirochorachor (prakalpana)
Gour Nodite Vor (prakalpana)
Montraser Chhaddochhaya (prakalpana)
Sarol Karo Valobasa (poetry)
Posha Paakhi Hobona : I Won't Be a pet Bird (poetry)
Prakalpana Aandoloner Istahaar (Manifesto of Prakalpana Movement)

Connect With Vattacharja Chandan

Favorite me at Smashwords
My Website
Subscribe to my Blog
Follow me on Twitter
Friend me on Facebook
Link me with Linked In
